ASPCA Complete Guide to Dogs. This book is an excellent primer for someone interested in an overview of the needs of a family person getting a dog. It is also 
Rich in detail and compelling in plot, Thomas Merton s life makes for a stellar read. Upon reading the spiritual autobiography of Thomas Merton, the immediate details of his life 
A great intuitive approach. When i studied microeconomics i paid too much attention on the inner sense of models perfect and unperfect markets . But this way of studying keeps 
Helpful information. This book is informative and would make a great resource for any family eager to improve their communication and family involvement. Gets a bit wordy after awhile and 
Vanity Fair meets Emma in New York. It s a little bit distressing in the result.The woman Miss Lily Bart is the hero in her own world ofsocial prejudices about 
The new face of american labor. Jennifer Gordon s Suburban Sweatshop is a compelling portrait of the changing face of labor and workers in America. With graceful humility Ms. Gordon 
Thankful I have boys. ; . Reading this book just made me thankful that all my wife and I had were boys. The trials and tribulations of Bruce s experiences 
I share it with all of my classes!. This book is perfect for 3rd grade and under. I normally use it as a read-aloud, although this would be just fine 
Trouble?. My dad and I had problems ever since I started high school. Since I was the oldest of four kids, it was hard for him to accept the idea 
Brilliant, analytical, and literary memoir. That Mary McCarthy s childhood was difficult and unpleasant is well recognized. She has created a worthy and literary memoir from the material gathered during 
A CLASSIC MUST HAVE. Full of drawings and descriptions of them, it is a great help regarding the importance of drawing and the use of different materials. It is the 
A detailed answer to a simple question. Henry Kissinger presents a detailed and thorough examination of the world &quot;at this writing&quot; as he says many times through out the book 
A must read for any manager leader. This book is a must read for anyone interested in improving the way their organization or department functions. The The Fifth Discipline shows 
Cornwall NY Sixth Grader. I am a sixth grader from Cornwall, NY, who really enjoyed reading Jeanne DuPraus s novel, The People of Sparks . The People of Sparks is 
Informative and Objective. This book was extremely helpful when I was writing a term paper for school on this exact topic. The information given is informative, interesting, and, most importantly, 
Physics is fun, well at least it used to be. I listened to the audio version which is well produced and well read.Book vs. CD the material is the same 
The International Financial Environment. Discuss the changing world attitude toward multinational corporations and identify the evidence cited which sheds new light on the old attitude that multinational companies crowd-out local 
I HEART The Big Bad-ass Book Of Shots. Outstanding! A must have for any home with a bottle of Vodka always chilling in the freezer  
Benedict s Three Points. Ruth Benedict s The Chrysanthemum and the Sword is an anthropological study of Japanese culture during World War II. It was her job to spell out 
Expanded description of Ethnic Entrepreneurs. This book is a reprinted edition of a book originally published in 1990 and no longer in print in its original edition.It examines the phenomenon 
Great ideas for our outdoor wedding!. I have sticky-tab bookmarks on at least 18 pages of ideas we plan to incorporate into our wedding. Most of the ideas we are 
Intelligent, inspiring kitchen classic. Jane Grigson has a chatty, readable style which inspires you to try recipes purely on her recommendation as she clearly writes with such knowledge. The book 
I Love Reading for the fun of it. and this one was just wonderful. If you are one to dissect a book, maybe this isn t for you, I like 
helpful. some good ideas to use also for borders..I plan to do a little now and then on this quilt between other project  
BOOK S WITH A WONDERFUL PURPOSE. THis work, Volume II, is like the others. A wonderful history of how it was. In this day and age of having most needs 
Beautifully Illustrated and Fun to Read or Sing! . I was fortunate to buy 4 hardback Iza Trapani books through a special offer at my child s school. This is 
Best German language course. This book is well thought out in it s presentation of the language. The audio c.d. that accompanies the book is extremely helpful. There are audio 
Excellent book. There are so many books out there on pregnancy and birth. Most of them discuss the physical medical aspects and what to expect at those levels. I read 
A great story for girls who love dolls!. This is one of those classic books. The illustrations are sweet and the story is great. A must for any girls collection 
The best of the series. The Chronicles of Prydain is my favorite series of young adult writing. I highly recommend this series to any child or adult who likes Harry 
Complex and Beautiful. I read Lady Chatterly s lover for the first time in high school, and to be honest, it was more for the juicy bits than anything else. 
Indispensable!. No wine lovers library is complete without the Oxford Companion to Wine. This is THE reference book for everything wine, quite literally from A to Z. Whether you are 
case based reasoning. CBR based system for phobia treatment  
Lovely book for a lovely lady. This is an utterly enjoyable book, both for the fans of Greer Garson and for fans of classic Hollywood in general. Michael Troyan weaves 
Just the Facts. Tolstoi, one of the five best novelists of all time, in any language, was born into a rich and powerful family second only to the Tsar and 
This century sTom Paine. Next to &quot;The Paper Chase&quot;,I found Gerry Spence s autobiography to be extremely inspirational, and yet, this time he offered wisdom for the rest of us 
 Not a Diet . This book offers a plan to help a women develop a life-change in their eating and exercise.  
Where Quality Begins. I first became aware of Dr. Deming through the Deming Management method. He affected so much change in Japan and was not known here in the USA. 
Excellent!. It s one of those books where you can just grab it and open it to any random page and be interested in what you find. There are some 
my favorite actor speaks. The late Mel Gussow spent an enormous amount of time getting to know the great Michael Gambon, and the result is a fascinating, thrilling book of 
Simply the Best. I never go into a jazz store without the book or notes from the book in hand. It has rarely steered me wrong in ten years of 
This book should get 10 stars. When I first started my business 13 years ago I didn t know the first thing about marketing. The book is divided into two 
Vonnegut s best. I ve read many of Vonnegut s books over the past few years and I have to say that this is easily his greatest work. It contains 
Good overview of how real estate markets work that s easy to read. I saw the one other review and thought I should comment. I took a Real Estate Economics 
Silva s best. Daniel Silva has taken his protaganist right onto the front pages of the worlds newspapers with his best work to date  
questions for mom???. I read Mariyln Halter s book, Shopping for Identity and found it fascinating. Not only is the book about the marketplace but it touches the emotions of 
Great book for Beginners!!!!. I own many engineering books and most of the authors of these books have a hard time getting the point across. However, &quot;Principles of CMOS VLSI 
A MUST have for any art fan. I recently purchased Spectrum 9, 10, and 11. These books are absolutely wonderful, and I would recommend them to any artist or fan 
Kids love it. My kids really like listening to this book. My husband and I can t stand the voice of Pooh Bear though. I think they want him to 
An excellent place to begin. If you would like to undertake the daunting task of studying the history of the little-understood country of Vietnam, this is the place to begin. 
Absolutely beautiful story. I have read this book about eight times. It is great for those rainy Sundays, snuggle on the couch, build a fire days. This is a delightful 
Who Needs Pictures. I just finished reading The Accidental Tourist and based on the dramatic last chapter, I think it s the best book I ve ever read in my 
Man as the cause of a woman s decreased libido?. There s a surprise category in this book. But, first, what s best about the book.I recommend the book to 
Well Said. What I like most about libertarianism is its philosophical purity. I have found that conservatives and liberals tend to see things more subjectively while libertarians hold to the 
My favorite building architecture book. Between this architecture book and my favorite decorating book, simply called Cottage Style, we re ready to build and decorate our dream home. Now all 
Universal Application. This is one man s fascinating and profound journey to master not justarchery but himself. The story is the art of focus and determination, theart of reaching a 
Very Well Written But...A little Romance,Please?. I think this book was absolutely fantastic. I read this book first and then I read the others though I still have to read 
Excellent Fedora Book!. Chris writing style is easy to read and flows as smoothly and conversationally as chatting with your best friend. The book is not an overview, as it 
A Complete Training Manual. This guide is so complete you would be hard pressed not to find something to help you excel at your sport. The program is based on 
SPECTACULAR. this book was amazing. i am a HUGE fan of gossip girl and i loved the it girl. so cecily von ziegasar did not dissapoint me! i thought this 
Easy Chinese Cooking. I was looking for this book for a long time until I thought of using Amazon online. This book was so helpful to me when I was 
A big-picture conceptual guide to the Standard Model. Fed up with useless metaphors which equate the Higgs particle with hangers-on at a party slowing a celebrity s passage? Exasperated at 
Classic - Important. This is the fourth edition, so that means there is value in the message. It has proven its value in the market place.It is important that we 
A great place to start!. Wow, this book is packed with information! It is an excellent starting point for anyone considering adopting  
Finally! A Good One!. I m not a fan of most of Ms. Coulter s works, as her mind seems in the gutter most of the time, but this book 
The Best True Crime Novel I ve Ever Read. This novel was a page-turning, absolutely riveting account of Detective Robert Leuci s twenty years as a narcotics detective in New 
Great ideas. I liked this book a lot, and it helped clear up some questions I had about feeding my baby for the first time and after. I like the 
Motivational AND Educational. I have read many books of this genre and this is one of the best. This is a fantastic combination of motivation and education. Many books like 
Yang and Yin in harmony. VLADIMIR: You should have been a poet.ESTRAGON: I was. looks at his rags. Isn t that obvious? silence. Yes, J.P.Seaton was and still is a 
Racism and infidelity. Zadie Smith is one of the most powerful authors I have read in recent times. She is so subtle about the race factor that we don t 
The Price Isn t Right...This is an Interesting Read. What you get in The Price of Motherhood is an interesting look at what has become a hot topic among what 
Families. Multicultural family photographs show families from many countries working together and celebrating. The pictures have an index, which tell where the picture was taken. Children can locate the countries 
My FAVORITE knitting book for childrens clothing. I love just about every item in this book some of the boys stuff is a little bit sissy, though - and the 
Fantastic!. Despite reading the Nice, but not Nice Enough comment by one reviewer, I purchased this book and considered it for myself. I m so glad I did. The reviewer 
Osteoporosis. I recommend this book as an educational one for all women who wish to be informed about osteoporsis. The research and opinions are logically presented and provide valuable information 
Great Collection of Great Writings. I had always wanted to read the Communist Manifesto. This book surrounds Marx s writing with others that show a clear development towards a new 
Boldy-written superb prose... This is one of the best memoirs I have ever read. The prose flows so beautifully that I was spellbound for many sections of the book. Helget 
Best Actuarial Book. Nothing else to say. The best book for actuarial mathematics. Also good for risk managers, in particular for operational risk  
read graham greene and be a better person. This unusual love story, set with the background of war and rainy london is beautiful and intoxicating. The characters are palpable and 
 A bullet kissed a hole in the door-frame close to my noodle. . This was my first time reading a hard-boiled detective novel and I loved it. Hammett is 
The cause and the glory both. The Glorious Cause refers indeed to the attitude held by many of the American revolutionaries in the time of struggle for independence. What breakdown 
every liberal. and every american should read this book then pass it on to bush his friends and family members  
Great Treatise. Prof. Chemerinsky s Con Law treatise is simply wonderful. It s very helpful. It s one of my favorite legal treatises along with Prof. Farnsworth s Contracts . 
Stand Tall, Molly Lou Melon. This is a great book. It teaches kids to accept and appreciate who they are. And, the illustrations are a hoot  
An Accurate Portrail of Life on Safari. Theodore Roosevelt has captured life on the safari brilliantly in this wonderfully written book. Having been to Kenya three times myself, I was 
Excellent book. I am an avid reader of science fiction, fantasy, romance and historical novels. I found this entire series to be exceptional. I am an adult and these seemed 
A good presentation of philosophy of math. A good way to read about mathematical philosophy. A bit dry and heavy in parts. I don t know a lot about postmoderism 
Simple timeless wisdom for eternity. This is one of the most special books in my collection because it was a present from Rabbi Chaim Adelman of the Chabad House at 
Light and fun. I tried to read this book when I was in middle school and quickly returned it to the shelf when I found it slow and boring. I 
Must have for Transexuals, & families & Friends of TS TG s. I am not the type of person to read alot, but I have read this book several times. 
Sleepless Scrutiny. I found Sleep Demons, An Insomniac s memoir, to be an excellent and intriguing study of the history of sleep. From discoveries, to theories, to even the `average 
Sad But Thought Provoking...Good Read. I had never read anything by Anna Quindlen before so this was my first book. I will be picking up more of her books as 
Examines the chronic and pervasive ambivalence towards women. In Women &amp; Christianity, educator and author Mary Malone examines the chronic and pervasive ambivalence towards women throughout the first thousand years 
Good Basic Overview of Luther. The reason Luther remains a puzzle to some is that his theology did have development. This book has selections from all periods of his career. 
Add this to your library of film books. This is a creative book on storyboarding, and scene directing. Every filmmaker should add this to their library of film art books. 
Be Cool -- The Leonard Tabula Rosa. I have read a number of Elmore Leonard books before reading Be Cool and have hears a number of people I respected tell 
A MUST buy for the Las Vegas afficianado!. If you buy one book about the colorful history and architecture of the Golden Age of Las Vegas to the present, THIS 
Finally, a real book. I loved this story because it wasn t a happy little fairy tale. The characters could have been real people and the events could have really 
Gottesdiener gets a grade A . However, for reasons that are not entirely clear to me, aconfirmed requirements engineer, people seem to find hagglingover requirements a royal pain. Daniel M. 
A really great couple of plays, will surely twist your head. The author s terminal illness as he wrote these plays really comes out in what I see as his 
Refreshing antidote to too much positive thinking. Fat? Unhappy? Looking for love? With 20,000 plus self-help titles on the shelves, people are still overweight, suicidal and unfulfilled. Neuropsychologist Paul Pearsall 
One of the crucial novels of the twentieth century. The importance of THE RAINBOW in the development of the English novel should not be underestimated. As a reader, I have 
Beautiful and complete. I use this book quiet a bit, aside from being absolutly beautifully done, with great charts and easy to reference orginization, it also has a very good 
Interesting Allegorical Novel. The Last Town on Earth by Thomas Mullen, is an unsubtle allegory for war, isolationism, xenophobia, mob rule, group think and the use of fear to manipulate. 
An exceptionally insightful, well-written book. Anyone interested in Shakespeare and Orson Welles will want to buy this extremely useful and unusually thoughtful book. It is quite compact and offers chapters 
Reads like a suspense story. The nice thing about this book is that it is written like a suspense story. I couldnt stop it till I finished it. Very talented 
Exciting Conclusion to the Epic Trilogy of the Musketeers. The three stories comprising Alexandre Dumas epic trilogy - The Three Musketeers, Twenty Years After, and The Man in the Iron 
Great, Detailed Book for the Medium to Advanced Grilling Chef. I am still working through the beginner book from this author, but I have taken a brief look through the 
lots of recipes, but you only need a couple. I made crepes a couple times before, but they never came out well. After reading this, I made three perfect batches 
good but not great. I came to this novel with very high hopes, having heard that it was a classic of the genre. From that perspective, I was a little 
Great Book!. Dot to Dot like you ve never seen before. I bought this book for a child who loves dot to dot puzzles and this book is nothing but 
Great work on a difficult planet to understand. Steven Forrest s work on Pluto in the natal chart is a truly great work that is also incredibly useful. He introduces 
Dashiell s Hammett s heir goes him one better. Ross MacDonald is usually compared to Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler. However Lew Archer is never hard-bitten despite hard-bitten experience as 
Life as a verb. Beckett s Krapp s Last Tape doesn t seem to get the respect it deserves from drama critics because it is always set up against his 
Must read. Good history which is powerfully revealing. Jay Winter, a Harvard historian, gives the straight facts about the Armenian Genocide and the shameful efforts to evade responsiblity by modern 
Easy to use... I just received the book this afternoon, and within five minutes I had already chosen a recipe I wanted to try. I was able to jump right 
A deep reflection on death trough simple words. While reading this book, your heart is filled with sorrow. Sorrow for those who are already dead,and sorrow for those who remain. 
Breathtaking. This deck is my favorite deck that i own. I instantly connected to it, and get great results when i use it. The art is very dark and seductive. 
Tracing the history of American shopping. New in paperwork is an excellent social history, Sharon Zukin s Point Of Purchase: How Shopping Changed American Culture. Zukon is Broeklundian Professor of 
more about the man than the map. This was an excellent read well, an excellent listen -- I have the audio cassette . The book is more about the story 
A Useful Document for All Theologians. I have enjoyed this book immensely and believe the writer did a moderately good job of researching and documenting findings. I, however, have had 
For film or Chicago history buffs. This book differs from most studies of African Americans and cinema because it ends where others usually begin: with the prolific Oscar Micheaux, who 
Much more than what you think. In Wuthering Heights , Bronte subtlely presents to her Victorian audiences a condemning social commentary, and asks them to consider that the struggle between 
Summer Coleman at Ashley River El. I liked The Yucky Reptile Book because I love reptiles. My favorite reptile in the book was the night snake. I liked the night 
My horses love this book - yours will too. Every time I go back and reread and review a part of this book and then take that information out onto 
A timbesaurus. This is a wonderful book about timber frames. As an architect i can say this book is perfect from every aspects. Complete and understandable for every kind of 
History brought to life. I grew up in Connecticut, so all my life on the anniversary of the Circus Fire, articles would appear in the local newspaper but never seemed 
The Real Cause of Climate Change. Henrik Svensmark is one of the great scientist of our age. His groundbreaking research has lead to an understanding of how cosmic rays are 
Probably the Darkest Book in this series!. This book is probably the darkest book I ve read in this series. As usual the book is well-written and engaging. Sister Fidelma 
Worth it if you give it the attention it deserves. I have been surprised by how many people have been disappointed in this work. Like most of Irving s work, 
We Loved This. We were so glad to be able to buy this on CD. Our tapes were so old and really no equipment handy to play, especially in the 
Great Resource. This book is easy to follow and is a great resource for those interested in improving functioning, particularly in children. The brain research included in the book is 
A Great Learning Tool. This book is great for acing your first exam and getting your technician license. I studied out of this book and did great on the test. 
Andrew Hudgins put my soul in jeopardy. When I was reading this volume, I drove to Sunday Mass early and sat for a few minutes in the car. I finished 
The book is very comprehensive introduction to Yoga. and was used as part of the required reading and foundation of a yoga fitness instructor certification that I took. As a 
How to get the people thing right. Too many companies have employees that are retired on the job , simply going through the motions and too listless to find a 
extraordinary. extraordinary groups offers the reader an extraordinary view into some of America s most avoidant and little known religions. Several of the groups portrayed by the authors are seldom 
Hollywood Book of Death. I wanted to know more and now I do. I find myself quoting parts of this book to my friends and family. Like Did you know 
WE WILL WORK TO REFORM THE MIDDLE EAST UNTIL THE LAST CONTRACT WORKER DROPS FROM EXHAUSTION!. Bernard Lewis is considered one of the few premier intellects to devote his life 
This book is a must to be red by historians. I strongly recommend this book to be red  
A Book Review from a Spiritridge Third Grader. Do you want to read an amazing book? Well you should read the Box Car Children. There are four young children and 
The Gift of The Gift of Fear . The book is not an easy one to read. The subject is real, the examples are deeply difficult, but the truth in 
Too Old for This, Too Young for That. I recommend this book for any child about to attend or attending middle school. Great source of reassurance for these difficult ages 
17th-century books as plunder and as weapons. London is a city of coal cinders and rat droppings -- at the first level this is a gritty, detailed evocation of everyday 
magnifico libro. Excelente libro y muy bien escrito. Comenc a leerlo y me lo termin en 2 dias. Lo recomiendo mucho para conocer esta historia de la mano de su 
environmentally eye-opening. I found this book a very interesting read, it flowed really well and I found it hard to put down. It was very informative but used enough specific 
Not your typical Evanovich. After reading all the Stephanie Plum novels, it was disconcerting to be thrown backwards in time to the romance novels of Janet Evanovich. The opening chapters 
Rosemary Can Do No Wrong. She is my favorite of all the &quot;psychic&quot; &quot;new agers&quot; including Sylvia Brown and John Edwards, etc., etc. Her materials are all sincere and believable. 
Very good shipping. I was very happy with the shipping time and condition of the book. It actually arrived before the date given to me, so I was very pleased. 
Truth Hurts. This is an eye opening and insightful book that tells the TRUTH to Black America. It is a MUST READ for every young, American, black liberal, in the 
KING JAMES is awsome. My story is about LeBron James and how he grew up. When he was a freshman in high school he won tournament MVP for the state, 
All Performance, Not Hype. You won t find this book touted in any web 2.0 blogs, business 2.0 magazines, or pundit 2.0 panel discussions at Demo. It lacks snarky, pithy 
If you sell anything, including your ideas --- study this book!. This is a fascinating book! What I liked most were the many illustrations demonstrating the authors points throughout the 
Historically informative. Extremely informative historical piece of writing laid out in an interesting and chronilogically easy to follow format. Excellent book that was well researched with lot of cross references 
Excellent Essays in Trinitarian Theology. This posthumously published collection of essays by Colin Gunton continues and extends the trajectory he began in THE PROMISE OF TRINTARIAN THEOLOGY. These well-crafted essays 
Systematic Theology - Its a must have. Grudem s book is a refreshing presentation of systematic theology. Im enjoying reading it in my vacation even though I am a civil 
good. Organization was just like a physics text. Sections were good and funny, but it did not take the subject much further than a standard high school text  
Finally a Serious Buk Bio. Funny it took a British biographer to get the Charles Bukowski story right. Sounes put a great deal of time and effort into tracking the 
Great collection of Ivins earlier columns. I subscribe to The Progressive, so I read Ivins current work monthly in that publication, as well as any time she appears in the 
Very difficult -- although admittedly a classic. I hate to admit it...especially because all the other reviewers have raved about it...but I find Truth and Method to be a real 
Fabulous Civil War historical fiction for 5th - 6th graders!!. I can t say enough good things about this book!!I was an insatiable reader as a child and this was 
La Glovalizacion de Alejandro. Alexandrus, el primer impulsor de la glovlizacion mundial, hay que analizar la perspectiva del libro desde la vision del supuesto nuevo concepto de &quot;la glovalizacion mundial&quot; 
I love English humor writing!!!. I have been a fan of English comedy for awhile and when I reanted the movie I knew I had to read the book, which 
Audacious and spectacular. Bravura comic-book-making. Wow.I am well familiar with the Ultimatizing of the Marvel Universe. And I like it. It won t keep me from reading the original lines, 
Excellent! Fun to read and illuminating at once. This hand sized paperback by Daniel Nettle has it all: wisdom, wit, useful information, philosophical discourse, groundbraking psychology and, good old common 
The Most Dangerous Secret in the World. For those of us lacking the resources to excavate occult secrets hidden beneath the Louvre, CIA Headquarters or Rosslyn Chapel, The Key to 
Compulsory book for every biochemistry student. This book is very good introduction in the major aspects of the chemistry of the drugs. It explains with good schemes the reactions of 
Notes on book. This book is very detailed in its wording and illustrations. It has views from the audience and from you. The book contains illustrations almost every step of 
Old Man in the Sea- summer reading. The Old Man in the Sea is a classic Ernest Hemingway novel that provides a lot of opportunity for children Freshman was my 
Great Companion. I found this book a very helpful reference and companion while implementing Sharepoint technologiesThe authors have planned it carefully based on actual experienceSome other titles are just a 
Surely It Was Like This. If a novel like Jakes North And South showed an unrealistic picture of the old south, then this book is its antidote. Slavery and daily 
Thrawn Finale. A great finish to the trilogy. I wish all Star Wars books reached this standard of drama and action. I will admit though that the ending felt rushed, 
Cunningham Magic from the Kitchen. The original title of this re-release is The Magic of Food from 1990. Llewellyn has put this book back into print.I love the opening lines 
Now for Something a Bit Different. I was hooked on this book by the end of the first page. There is something really different about it--aside from the powerful characters 
A Book That Caused Quite a Stir When it was Published. This book did cause quite a stir when it was published. Samuel Butler wrote in a no-holds-barred style that 
A great primer. I bought this book as a primer for a micro economics class I m taking for my MBA. It s been a while since I took economics 
An illuminating tale!. If you have a penchant for elaborate language, a love for new experiences, and a sensitivity to life s struggles, you will find hope and deep beauty 
Healthy approach to piano technique. As a trained dancer, pianist, and teacher I have thoroughly appreciated Professor Fink s complete physical approach to piano technique. I have found it congruent 
Wescott s craft of realistic psychological details show the real war,. Interpersonal and inner conflicts during wartime are so abundant that a reader might think the easiest way for a 
TAKE THIS FLIGHT. If you ve suffered, like I, through award winning books by writers who move west with their trust fund, build a mansion in the pristine wilderness and 
Something wrong!. Why don t we make this good book even better? I happened to notice that the 2nd equation of A1.2 on page 339 was wrong. Cosine value should 
original and exciting. I thoroughly enjoyed reading this original and exciting adventure among trolls and elves. People of legends and sagas come to life and you get to know them 
Yummy fun read. This book was given to my grandchildren by my mother for Christmas. From the little girls mother I am told that Muncha Muncha is not only fun 
Wow. I have not always been a big reader, most books were so boring to me that I wished that I never had to read them or force myself to 
A Workshop in a Book!. Cinematic Motion, by Steven Katz, published by Michael Wiese Productions, is another one of those absolutely must-have books for serious filmmakers. The subtitle, A Workshop 
comments from the author. Glad to know that you enjoyed the first edition of All About Bonds. All about Bonds and Bond Mutual Funds is the 2nd edition, which is 
Great book. Once again James Patterson wrote a great book. I love this series with the Women s Murder Club. The character are great. I read this one in one 
BEAUTIFUL WORK FROM THE WORLD S GREATEST LIVING AUTHOR. This is one of the finest books ever written - and I have read a lot of books. Not for those 
Even Youthful Austen Is Startlingly Good. This early Jane Austen novel is a satire among other things of the reading tastes of the Romantic Period s young, sending up their 
How I Learned All I Needed To Know!. I avoided this book for years thinking it was probably boring at best. When I finally picked it up from a local 
Good Asian food that you can manage on a weeknight. I ve had this cookbook for a number of years, and I freely admit that I haven t made every 
A Laugh Out Loud Collection. This collection of funny stories is not just for women! It s a fun book to take on vacation and to read aloud to your 
Bedtime Favorite. My 3yr old received this for his birthday a couple of weeks ago and it is THE favorite for both bedtime and naptime. He loves this story and 
A scathing indictment against the Fourth Estate. In War Made Easy Norman Solomon holds members of the media accountable for cheerleading a corrupt Government s march into one unjust war 
I wish I were there. It was being part of a team that was dedicated to something that transcended individual aspirations. That s what Apollo was. It was thousands of 
Great travel tool!. DK Eyewitness Travel Guides are GREAT! I wish DK published more areas. Lots of pictures, great descriptions, well put-together graphics, quality printing. The books are entertaining even 
Another awesome thriller by Grisham. This is the third book I have read by Grisham, and so far I have really enjoyed each one. Grisham really knows how to write 
The Red Hat Club. I just loved this book and the characters. A nice easy read that made me smile. I miss them now I ve finished and wonder what 
Don t understand why some thought it was bad. This is the first time I read a book by this author. I really have to say that it was a 
Una obra maestra sin lugar a dudas!!!. Esta novela grfica es simplemente sublime, las historias son maravillosas as como la presentacin del libro que es de una calidad tan alta, 
Ayn Rand is a Must-Read Author. I have read nearly all of Ayn Rand s works and have to say that next to Atlas Shrugged, The Fountainhead is her best. 
A good look at a time past. This is an absorbing story for young people....with much for a grownup to find important. Not a new book, but fresh. Lucinda learns 
Excellent description of life in the Monterias. I trully enjoyed the book, once I picked it up I could not put it down. I never realized the hard work and 
Excellent Book on Liberals during the Cold War. Mona Charen s book demonstrates clearly how liberals were unwilling to support the US during the Cold War. Time and again they 
Fascinating book, but still politically controversial. Heidegger s `Introduction to Metaphysics was banned in Germany until the early 1950s. Why? Some aspects of Heidegger s rhetoric, and certain passages, e.g., 
The best book I ve read in years. From Baghdad, With Love combines a great story with an interesting, original and highly readable writing style. There is no question that 
How do you spell A-W-E-S-O-M-E!!!. To all of you country fans out there who have not read this book both of you! go and buy it now!! It is the 
The best evangelical work on the subject that I have seen. All in all, very good. From a conservative perspective the authors discuss the major issues of biblical interpretation, including 
Another Great HCC!. This series will never disappoint! A gritty, hard edged pulp mystery with the right balance of sex, deception, controversy, and beatings. Buy this book!!!!  
This is an excellent introduction to cryptanalysis. Sinkov presents the basics of simple cryptanalysis in clear, easy to understand language. His examples and sample exercises that accompany each chapter provide 
Incomplete. What I have read so far is very good. It is not a criticism of the book, but just they way I read books. Am looking forward to completion 
definitely an &quot;old shcool&quot; coach. As I read through her book, I find myself alternately admiring and feeling a bit sorry for Pat Summit. I admire her because there is 
wonderful &amp; haunting. I received this book when I was going through an emotional depression. It was realistic, believable, interesting, gripping and has stayed with me for two years. Like 
Excellent!. This book provides a great history of the Wilderness Act and a wide variety of stories related to the entire wilderness movement, in all its complexity - a must 
A Worthy addition to a Tolkein library. If your interest is in the Mythology of Middle Earth, this book with its extensive illustrations and commentary increase your understanding of the 
A Redbird Christmas. My bookclub 12 members read this book in December and it gave us all a lift over the holidays. Fannie Flagg as usual wrote about this town 
Very Good Audio Bile. I recommend this audio Bible set. Each book of the Bible has its own introduction just like the book form of the NIV Bible and it 
Short, crisp and clear. Excellent and short book 150 pages that addresses the main issues of why people lack self-discipline and how to gain the skills necessary for self-discipline.The books 
...from an older perspective. I just finished reading American Pastoral, my first book by Philip Roth. Since it is my first Roth, I think I provide an unbiased perspective. I 
Nice, broad, relevant, contemporary survey. An exhaustive and briefly thorough reference on theory and criticism complete with bibliographies at the end of each section. From Plato to Samuel Jonhson to 
Required Reading for Humanity. The much maligned Adam Smith is herein exonerated as the great soul that he really is. Gandhi, Mother Teresa, King Jr. - these are reliable guides 
The best of the Romanovs. I read this book about a year ago, and in the year since i have read about 20 or so other historical biographies, and i 
A New Fave. When i picked this book up I knew very little about the Tudor period of England and absolutly nothing about Lady Jane Grey. Though i put off 
This book will beceom popular as the melenium approaches. The theme behind this book is that we have become so dependant on machines that they now are apart of us, 
Brilliant!!!. This book is BRILLIANTLY conceived. It isn t about losing the weight first; it s about learning to love yourself first and unconditionally. What comes after that is your 
Migrations and Cultures. Dr. Sowell has again done a masterful job of presenting information on the status of minorities, both historically and geographically, which is usually not included in the 
Superb. I really couldn t put it down. It was wonderful. I was completely absorbed. The end was a bit of a let down but did ring true. Conan Doyle 
Hannibal is bloody good. It was exiting to read. The whole book was about a psychopath killer, who kills people in freaky ways. I only hope that people won t 
WOW!. When I ordered this book I was hoping that there would be some information in it that I could pick from it to point me in the right direction 
Practical and Uplifting. This book would be very helpful to any homeschooling parent with a high needs child, whether or not the child has a disability label. Sharon Hensley does 
Alice s Adventures in Wonderland. In the book Alice s Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll a young girl with the name of Alice travels to a distant land that 
A concise and pragmatic look at politics as a sociological phenomena. Lippmann s thorough analysis of public opinion serves as an intriguing contemporary counterpoint to Edward Bernays Propaganda though both 
A MUST HAVE BOOK!. I ve bought several baby name books but this one compared to all others is the best! It s full of great categories and it will 
After the Affair: Healing the Pain and Rebuilding Trust When a Partner Has Been Unfaithful. Excellent tool for figuring out if your relationship is worth salvaging and how to go 
A wonderful collection of Abraham Lincoln s writings. This book is a wonderful collection of Abraham Lincoln s writings. Everything is included here, from private letters to public speeches, coving 
Something New with every Read. I have only shared this information with other people who I know, Love to read so I guess you qualify?This is Chopra s best book 
Invaluable addition to understanding the novel. One of the ways to consider this unusual book by Pulitzer-prize winning author Smiley is as an instruction book. I purchased this because it 
More Than 5 Stars!. I finished this book with a sigh of regret that such a totally absorbing story had to end. It was so real, so vividly and beautifully 
Terrific!. This a terrific book to have displayed on your coffee table. It certainly opened my eyes to the Bond films and the women in them. Well written and certainly 
An unforgettable book. This beautiful book is for every woman who is seeking insight, perspective and wisdom on life -- and isn t every woman? Spragins gives us indelible portraits 
Brilliant. Charles Burns has done something really special and unique in the comic book world. Having taken over a decade to complete in single issue form, Burns Black Hole is 
I didn t actually read it. I bought this book as a gift for my brother who is going into film school soon, and it looks KICK ASS. It was 
Interesting. I found the book very interesting, even if I was not able to apply it to real problems we face yet  
Well worth a read. This is a very engaging book, full of lots of quirky humor and insights into Burma as it is now. The author s role as an 
The Dinosauria. The Dinosauria edited by David B. Weihampel, Peter Dodson, and Halszka Osmolska is for the serious dinophile and for those with some science and paleontology backgrounds. This book 
Fantastic book!. This book was so well written, so full of suspense, and so interesting. I loved it!! It wasn t a book that was all about the murders and 
NOT MMM mickey mouse mainstream . ...with a Marine reconnaissance.. They would go out and do a raid in the deainees homes, and torture them there,. he said. They were 
Even non-Science Fiction fans will like this. This is better than Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson. The themes are pertinent and compelling for all readers, I think. Highly entertaining book, 
Buy this book! AC . This outstanding book takes place in Osaka,Japan. The main characters are Jiro, Yoshida, and Kinshi. Jiro, a thirteen year old young boy, is determind to 
Very enjoyable. I am of two minds about this book. First, I hated to come to the end, as with most Bryson books. It s like traveling with someone who 
The BEST EVER BreadMachine Cookbook. I have had this book for nearly eight years and I keep going back to it. No matter how many other books I get THIS 
Spectacularly funny and unforgettably poignant. This is a beautifully written, finely drawn book -- not to be missed! Grunwald s prose is luminous, and her storytelling sublime. The reader cannot 
Complete Photoshop CS2 for Digital Photographers. This book has 11 Chapters packed with need to know information for everyone interested in Digital Photography.Chapter 1. Explores file formats, resolution and pixels, 
Wonderful Book, A Little Outdated. This would ve been a five-star review if this book were about 10-12 years newer than it is. In some ways, McKibben s extended essay 
Great book for children just starting to school. If you re looking for a book to introduce your child to what happens at school, then look no further. Sister Bear 
A fascinating read for even non-mathematics types. Dr. Atalay s knowledge of Leonardo is obviously well known, but what struck me about Math and the Mona Lisa is the way 
Great for Children & Adult Adventurers!!!!. This is a great set for both children and adults who have an imagination!Holly Black is a lover of faerie tails and writes new 
That Special Feeling.... I have had this book in my occult library for a number of years,and I have to admit two things. When the weather is cold, wet andspooky 
Response to review by Publisher s Weekly :. I am a practicing physician. I majored in biology at Indiana University. I graduated from IU with a 3.7 gpa. I have 
Interesting Vignette on Rural England Dreams Whilst the World Heads for Disaster. I read this book because I entered Sassoon first by reading his Memoirs of an Infantry Officer. Since 
A thoughtful and thought-provoking understanding of God and the remarkable empathy and healing power of God s comfort. Roses In December: Comfort For The Grieving Heart by Marilyn Willett Heavilin 
Scratching in the right spot!. THE ITCH was a quick, fun read that had a satisfying ending for Abra, who now knows that true happiness lies within ourselves, and Cullen, 
Just Perfect. I have never knitted a stitch in my life, and after reading this wonderful heartwarming book, I signed up for lessons! The first of two novels and I 
Heart of Darkness. The great point of this book, indeed the great fact of Western civilization, its unfathomable tragedy, its heart of darkness, can be found in the spectacular statistics 
Excellent But Not Elementary. General metaphysics is a difficult and central area of philosophy. While there is a lot of literature devoted to it, I do not think that there 
Intense, thrilling, brilliantly written. I couldn t put the book down once I started reading. The novel painted an intricate web of characterization between prison life, growing up on a 
The best book on Rune divination you will find. You will not find a better book on the topic on Rune readings and Rune divination. One reviewer below me was 
One of the best!!!. Before my mom passed away last year she gave me the first book of this series and said read, mom was right as always and I 
A well-written, psychological mystery. The great thing about all of Ross MacDonald s mysteries is that they are stories about people that seem very real and are very complicated psychologically. 
Simple enough. I don t really enjoy reading gory books, but this was an exception. It is a pretty good book with tales of a brave hero. I just wish 
Clsico. Classic in Spanish. Most children own the English version, so the Spanish version will be familiar. I like that it is not bilingual, and the translation is very well 
 It must never be allowed to happen again! . Olga Lengyel s story is extraordinarily heartbreaking and powerful, but I think the book would have been even more effective 
Dickens favorite Dickens... with good reason. Charles Dickens said that his favorite work of his own was David Copperfield. I m still partial to Tale of Two Cities, but this 
A Valuable and Well-Written Scholarly Work. Newman s account of the rise of nationalism in eighteenth-century England fills a much-needed void in the otherwise teeming body of work about nationhood 
Great Book!. Great Patterns, beautiful stitches, easy to follow steps. Brief history of Aran knitting and some nice pictures  
A literary spectacular. George Johnson has taken on some of the most difficult issues and questions woven into the fabric of science and religion and seperates them into their component 
If only more meeting planners would use these techniques.. This gets five stars just because I think more people should use the concepts in this book for meetings, planning, etc. 
Beautifully Written. I just finished Outfield Menace yesterday, and I must say I am glad I decided to read Mark A Roeder s books. Outfield Menace, the story of Angel 
This book is a winner. The connection between the mechanics of going to sleep and the mechanics of the death process is brought out beautifully in this book. While the 
Shirley scores again with Constantine . I got this book not knowing who John Shirly was and expecting this to be a quick read or one of those bad film 
Strange Tripp. A couple of years ago, on the recommendation of my stepson, I read Michael Chabon s prize-winning The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay , one of the 
The Hand that Rocks the Cradle. Anyone out there that doesn t get the theory of evolution will appreciate the opportunity to have it explained with excellence in The Disposable 
Humurous portrait of Londoner sex revolution in the 1960s. This was my first Margaret Drabble and I was pleasantly surprised at the cutting but subtle satire of English manners of 
The Lastest Companion for a Great Book - Helped me lost more than 200 lbs in a Healthy Way. This is the perfect companion for the The Abs Diet: The 
Required reading for doctors?. The stories of real communication in this book will stay with me for a long time. I wish Dr. Remen s examples of listening and being 
Mind-Expanding. This is one of the best -- and scariest -- business books I ve ever read. Christensen clearly illustrates why many of the tried and true formulas really don 
Simple yet , Profound...Appropriate for the Novice or the Pro!. Whether you ve been meditating for a week or 25 years, this book provides profound methods for a progressive meditation 
A predicament surely!. Though written in 1980 and before, the book provides much insight into that region of the world. Historically, nothing changes, therefore the book is relevant. Mostly about 
An Amazing and Exhausting Opus. Braudel s text on the Mediterranean is considered one of the contemporary classics of historical writing, and I can see why. It sets out to 
One of the funniest. Of all the prank letter books, Ted Nancy s are the funniest. The letters themselves are just fall on the floor funny. I was laughing so 
Fun and informative. This book was a joy to read. I m an astrophysicist who does a lot of work with general relativity, and I had absolutely no clue how 
best budget book I ve read. I managed to survive on VERY little money in a time of need because of the principles I learned in this book. I highly 
Beautifull Bible. I really like this Bible, from what I have read so far, it is easy to read and the devotions make it even easier to understand. I bought 
Another Impressive Lonely Planet Compendium: Intriguing Profiles of Two Hundred Cities They Deem the Best. For anyone with wanderlust in their blood, this is the coffee table book for you. 
more books more lust. If you liked the original Book Lust, you will also enjoy More Book Lust. The only problem I have with both volumes is the author s 
Cool creepy crawlers!. After reading some of the naysayers petty complaints about this book I almost didn t get it. Wow, am I glad I did. I read a lot 
This is doable!. Finally, a raw food un cookbook I can use! I m not much of a cook, or perhaps I should say food-preparer, but I can do these 
A Smart, Funny Novel. A smart, funny novel.Like Stephanie Lehmann s earlier novels, YOU COULD DO BETTER is funny and entertaining while also digging deep. She touches on some of 
Oh, the Thinks You Can Think!. Dr. Seuss magically takes readers on an adventure of imagination and thinking. His nonsense words and rhyme scheme keep a reader s interest at 
Some Secrets Should Remain Just That. Matthew Reilly was born in Sydney, Australia in 1974 and already has a string of books and loyal following of readers. I really enjoyed 
We love this book although found it for 10 at Costco. I buy a lot of books from Amazon and the majority are always cheaper than I can find in 
Beginner to the hobby of coin-shooting?. Beginner or experienced, you will love this book! The New Successful Coin Hunting is a modern version of Garrett s previous book &quot;Successful Coin 
Asks Really Hard Questions About God. This guy is pretty amazing. He asks really tough questions of God. He doesn t approach God from an evangelical, everything is wonderful in 
Power of a Praying Wife. This book excellently covers every aspect of a husband s life. For those wives who seriously want to pray for their spouses and see God 
Destructive Emotions A scientific dialogue with the Dalai Lama. I have heard a lot about this book and read articles and discussions about it and I have looked forward to 
City of Man, City of Nature. The Southern landscape of field and swamp and woods becomes a prominent character throughout these rich, complex stories. Indeed, I d imagine most of 
My kids and I loved Clara Caterpillar!. This is story about hidden talents, not judging someone by their appearance etc. and it is very clever. I especially liked the fact 
The stories... the gossip... A wild story, full of interesting &quot;insider&quot; stories and gossip about the Clintons and their circle. In short: Hillary -- morally correct but misunderstood; Bill -- 
The Practice of Nursing Research: Conduct, Critique, & Utilization. It is very comfortable, understandable, very good for me to study,because this book is well structured and lots of figures  
Better than the First Book. This is another book that I chose to read to my children before bedtime. I enjoyed this quite a bit more than the first in 
A great intro to western philosophy. This is a great book for someone interested in the basics of Western philosophy. It covers the pre-Socratics, Socrates, Plato and Aristotle in a 
Must have for spouses of servicemembers who are deploying. Kristin has written a book that could be used as a handbook for anyone who is in or about to experience 
The classic original, a must read for Bond fans. I m a big time James Bond fan. I ve seen all the movies, read all the Benson and Gardner books 
INDISPENSIBLE GUIDE FOR BEGINNERS. Afraid to make your first foray into the magical and majestical world of Japanese literature? Then here is a perfect introduction for you. Within this slim 
Hiaasen Tackles the World of Vanity and Plastic Surgery. One of the harder Hiaasen novels to come across, this 1989 Florida adventure revolves around the lucrative and unlegislated world of 
Great cookbook!. I bought this book on the recommendation of a friend about 5 years ago, loaned it to my mom, and before I knew it was buying a new 
Soul Tracker finds the heart of outreach. This book escorted me out of my comfort zones in a stolen car- straight to the heart of Christ s love. Not only 
What Research Has to Say About Reading Instruction. Not much to say. Needed this book as a text for a collage course.  
The Power of Intention. I have read many self-help books over the years. This book has dramatically changed my life! Read and apply the lessons, and watch what you thought 
It Deserves 6 Stars, Not 5. This is the best collection of its kind I ve ever read, and one of the 10 best non-fiction books I ve ever read 
The Best Travel Guide to Key West. This is without question the best-written, most informative, most lively guide to Key West. It s not your typical travel guide, but you 
not a disinformation agent, but still endorse this book!!!. This is a great book....solid information backed up by intense, verifiable research. Before this book, I was a Roswell believer, who 
FINDING YOUR SOMEONE. Kim Louise presents two people who once were in a love so deep that it presented problems within it self for each person was strong minded and 
Fantastic. Each time I read this novel, I love it more. And I liked it pretty well the first time. Each time I end up identifying primarily with a different 
Cereal is NOT for Eating Anymore. Cereal is not just for eating anymore. Dr. Karol Yeatts uses cereal to develop many concepts that are the foundations for teaching higher level 
This is a keeper!. After keeping the local Library s copy of the first edition of this book out of circulation for long periods of time, I finally got my 
The Other Boleyn Girl. I couldn t put it down! She makes history worth re-thinking  
A dark, haunting tale that s hard to forget. To shortly summarize, Heart Of Darkness , by Joseph Conrad, is all about an English man named Marlow. He s a 
Liberal or Conservate? Take your pick. I long ago concluded that Thomas Sowell is the most brilliant author in the United States and perhaps the only man in American who 
Incredible living history book. Take two boys from the worst ghetto in Chicago. Give them a microphone and have them describe their life and surroundings. This book is the result. 
Have bought several of these. I first bought two of these years ago to put in Easter baskets for my son and daughter, now 21 and 23. My son literally 
Good factional account. Very enjoyable book and would make a good screenplay for a film. Obviously embellished for the novel which makes it a gripping read but some of the 
Great to see a children s book on Domestic Adoption. The majority of the children s books I find seem to focus on international adoption. This book met my needs 
Wonderful read. Sebastian Kouros thinks he knows all about Rachel long. After all she is just like her mother a convining scheming gold digger. But she isn t and the 
Sobel explains our future by describing the past. For at least 10,000 years, sailors crossed every ocean with the same confident certainty as land explorers, and they did itwithout compass, 
A pertinent text for anyone in the business of writing and publishing in the twenty-first century. The author of The Copyright Handbook, attorney Stephen Fishman s latest instructive and authoritative 
Answers Revealed. This book is positively enlightening. It provides a comprehensive, concise analysis of the ramifications of our modern dietary as well as irrefutable evidence of the consequences of our 
The real story behind the myth of Apple. While I have rarely used Apple products, I know people who are evangelical about them. To such people, Gates and his group 
Whitman Audio - Read by Orson Welles. Walt Whitman may have recorded one short poem on an Edison cylinder before his death in 1892. This recording presents Orson Welles reciting 
Tuck Everlasting Book Review by Jeremy Dyck. The Tucks, with there everlasting life, will never be the same. With a father, mother, and two kids, Tuck Everlasting is an everlasting 
Encouragement for Bible Study. Howard Hendrix s book is a great tool for individuals wanting to study the Bible, but have been reluctant to put forth effort to do so. 
Not only Mrs. Nabakov. I guess that I am a little behind the times on this one, but I just found out today that the author won the Pulitzer for 
Very good introduction to state constitutions. A surprising number of people are unaware that their state has a constitution. I once had a friend who asked me if Rhode Island 
A good book for you Adlerians. Im reading this book for a Graduate class in Adolscent counseling. Sweeny touches on all the basics of the adlerian approach to counseling. I 
Well worth it!. This book is great for the beginner who knows nothing at all about spreads but who desires to learn and also for the intermediate trader who wants 
Read a lot about Iwo, but this was very personal. A uniquely personal account of the hell on Iwo. Almost no overview except on questions of flank coverage. Flag raising 
Page turner. Excellent mystery, with interesting book notes thrown in. Ex-cop Janeway is a well-developed protagonist. This series of mysteries is always entertaining  
The Greatest Novel of All Time. It seems a little silly to submit a review for The Greatest Novel Ever Written. Volumes have been written about Tolstoy s writing and 
Like Gravity: Unity and Meaning are Intrinsic to the Cosmos. The first chapter was somewhat difficult to read. I found that this was so initially because the author talked about 
A Must Read . Whatever your stance in the creation evolution debate, this book is a must read. You do need some amount of science background to get through it. 
One of the Good Guys. I truly enjoyed this book. Paul Doyle s experiences were something that needed to be put on paper and published for the world to see. 
Even better than All Quiet . I read this book for a course on Inter-war Europe and I absolutely devoured this book. Admittedly, you need to have a basic grasp 
Tremendously Powerful and Empowering!. Wow! This is some high-impact material. I ve studied a lot of self help and self improvement and spiritual stuff over the years, but this material 
A beautifully written and gripping story. This book will not disappoint. It is a true story of a young girl and her family and their amazing story of struggle, survival 
Great Hunting Book. This is a great simple book on bird hunting. I like the laid back writing style that the author has. If you like bird hunting this is 
Nice rhythms, good thriller, sort of tanked at the end. Enjoyable read, highly recommended. The mid-to-end was my favorite part of the novel - I couldn t put it down. 
Wonderful Breakfast Recipes. Simply delicious and a great way to start a day. Highly recommended.Janet Sue Terry author of A Rich, Deliciously Satisfying, Collection of Breakfast Recipes ISBN 1932586431  
An entertaining conclusion to an incredible career. Some fans of Faulkner have bemoaned the fact that his final novel is not a profound summation of his heftier, more philosophical works 
Reader Friendly. When I first read this, a while ago, all I could think after I read it, was,&quot;WOW&quot;. To tell the truth, that book was the book that turned 
the life of a P.K...... Being a Preachers Son myself, i bought this book to see just what he had to say on the subject of his father. As i 
A Sure Surprise For Me. I settled into this book expecting to hate it but fueled on by the need to finish it for a pressing book club meeting. What 
this is peaceful parenting. For those of you looking for instructions on when and how to spank your child... you will not find it here! This is a gentle approach 
The One from the Other. A long awaited sequel to the Berlin Noir trio by Scottish author Philip Kerr. The trio recounted the pre-World War II adventures of ex-cop and 
 Dick is a bitch ... Moby Dick is not a fun book to read. The prose is old-fashioned, and that is partly what vitiates the pleasure cf. Ivanhoe . 
A good look at a time past. This is an absorbing story for young people....with much for a grownup to find important. Not a new book, but fresh. Lucinda learns 
Great Manual for a Great Program. Garage Band may be the coolest and most powerful of the Apple iLife applications. It allows virtually anyone to create an at least decent-sounding 
Noisy Nora by Rosemary Wells. Noisy Nora is just as much fun to read today as it was when it first came out. I have been teaching second grade forever, 
It s a great book. I find this book very enlightening and very informative. I recommend it. It assisted me greatly  
Excellent book, easy to use even for a beginner. An avid do-it-yourselfer that loves to work on decorating projects around the house writes this review. I purchased the first edition 
Nothing new in the book. There is nothing new in this book about the case but it helps to put things in order and to see from a different angle 
A Portrait of the Artist As a Young Man [Audio tape]. My companion for driving; this makes traffic a joy and delays a treat  
Solid companion to the series. With the sad state of health care in this country, Bill Moyers engaging series looks to be quite prophetic 10 years after it first aired. 
It s really works!. I have been smoking a pack a day for 22 years now. Without ever quitting in all those years. I have thought about it, yes, but 
Excellent for the first time reader...I should know. I always felt it a crime that I made it through high school and college without reading this. I recently read The 
The Bible of math methods in physics. Although I was aware that he d read other books, and knew much more than is taught here, this was in my years 
Lots of great tips, not a lot of jargon. I purchased Lifehacker after being an avid reader of the website for a couple of years. There had been some things 
One of Burke s Best. Part of the appeal of Burke s Robicheaux books is watching the king-of-self-destruction self-destruct even further. And Robicheaux doesn t let us down here either, 
History That Reads like a Novel. Outstanding piece of work that makes history read like a novel leading the reader to a new and deeper understanding and appreciation of the 
fantastic. This book s format of Johnny Depp s life, movies and unique story is wonderful. I couldn t put it down. Each chapter is a movie title, showing how 
their own voices. it was such a powerfully effective choice to allow the girls to speak entirely for themselves, tell their own stories. i recommend this book to everyone, male 
Two first-rate minds confront each other. Jonathan Edwards was without a doubt the greatest theologian America ever produced. That he was also without a doubt the greatest philosopher colonial America 
How to Hot Rod VW Engines: Renaissance of late 60 s & 70 s. Published in 1970 this book would be very good for the novice of vw air-cooled. Starting 
Do Yourself a Favor and Order it ASAP!. This book has gotta be one of the best in the world, literally. John Robbins is simply amazing. If you read this 
A Big Serving of Grace Brothers and more!. This is a fun book that any fan of the British series, &quot;Are You Being Served?&quot; will enjoy. Full of interesting facts 
Wonderful Wonderful Reference. Fantastic book! One that is extremely useful and one that I take everywhere with me. Perfect for new designers acquiring fabric sense. I know several firms where 
If All Mathematics Texts Could Be This Good. I have two copies, because the first became worn out.Every subject and treatment is well organized and thoughtful. Although I have many 
You Can t Teach a Kid to Ride a Bike at a Seminar. One of the very best books on selling  
Holy Toledo!. A fine book and really not one to be considered an average read.The importance of understanding church decline is paramount to today s Christian leaders. Sure mainline churches 
A Great Classic To Add To Your Library. This book is a classic and has been around for quite some time. The author William O Neal is the founder of 
If read; this book will save America. &quot;Above the Law..,&quot; by Burnham, ought to wake up America. It lays out the institutionalized obstruction of justice in America. It exposes the 
What One Risks One s Life For?. On page 471, Elliot reveals his personal challenge: how to be still in the face of experience so that the task of keen 
If you are divorcing and have children, read this book!. I am a retired elementary school guidance counselor, and have often recommended this book to parents who have come to 
Very good text. I purhased this book as a requirement for an art history and appreciation class as a required text. I think the book although a bit pricey is 
Nearly indispensable, yet thirty years old!. Somebody who had read my review of Bryan A Garner s Modern American Usage, 2nd ed. 2003 --IMHO, the preeminent book on usage, per 
USA Track & Field Coaching Manual. Wonderful purchase. This is an informative text with information for beginners as well as veterans of track and field  
Laughing Out Loud. Having a trailer size reptile as a pet is a blast especially when the owner is a female warrior. At least, that is what Mr. Moore s 
Can De Lint truly do wrong?. Let me just start by saying that I LOVE this author; he is one of very few that I read simply because he wrote 
worth a read. Definately worth your time if you are a writer trying to make it. The strategies are great and have given me hope about how I can get 
An Amazing History of an Inspiring People. Excellent, pleasant to read, informative, and inspirational. This book is an affectionate look into the history of the Basque people and their language, 
My obsession. I was just 2 years old when this movie came out, but my grandfather taped it for me on Beta.. When I was about 3 I started watching 
He or She Who Hesitates Is Lost in the Grim Grotto. This book is the eleventh book in A Series of Unfortunate Events. This book follows The Slippery Slope and 
Fantastic! Informative! Fun! Educational! Magical!. I read this book to a class of second graders during our unit on Australia. It was a wonderful way to review the Australian animals 
Goes Beyond Medicine. The theme of many of the essays that Atul Gwande presents in this book transcend medicine and apply to other occupations as well.If you are a person 
Unconceivable story, but an amazing piece of literary work!. The Partner has quite an outrageous story line, but the way in which Grisham tells the story is absolutely amazing: starting 
Incredible, moving, passionate. I cannot describe how much I think of this book, even 4 years after reading it. How many books have that effect?! For me, it was one 
Robb and Eve Dallas rock again. I find this book to be interesting, and captivating. All of the characters are evolving and maturing. I love this series and l;ook forward 
Industrial Maintenance Technology. This is a great college textbook for the student who wishes to become a great motors and circuits gyro. This book helps us learn about the different 
Excellent Book!!. I really liked this book but did have some problem understanding some of the instructions on the Two-Color Tessellation steps 12-14. All-in-all it is a beautiful book and 
great up-to-date mla info, especially for online sources. this is better than the diana hacker book. it covers all mla and footnote-style citing possibilities and gives various hints on what 
A must read. Harvey Molotch gets network thinking. More than that, he does it. In his book, &quot;Where Stuff Comes From&quot;, he shows, with brilliant simplicity, the complex web of 
The 3 Stooges Meet The Witch Doctor. The Ear, the Eye, and the Arm is one of my all-time favorite books. And I don t mean just one of my 
Another great Miss Spider Book. Our Toddler loves the Miss Spider books and she is addicted to the latest addition to the series. The story follows Miss Spider through her 
An informational treasure trove. The Science Fiction Film Reader is an impressively informative anthology of brief essays from diverse notable figures including Arthur C. Clarke, Anthony Burgess, Joseph Campbell, and 
The best Jordan Poteet so far!. I never expected a series to &quot;keep&quot; me as much as this one. Secrets from the past, characters you actually care about Imagine that! 
The design of Genesis. Two creation accounts were later joined in GENESIS. In the first four hundred years Christians regarded freedom as the primary message of GENESIS. In Jesus s 
Travler s at heart BEWARE!. This book has one big problem, it makes me want to quit my job, jump on a plane, and travel to the world until the 
Good, but left something out... I decided it would be entertaining at best if not a little eductaional to see what this book had to say about us guys. To 
Exactly what I was looking for... I m preparing to sell my house and this book is exactly what I wanted to help me figure out what I needed to 
Most interesting. This was an excellent read, both as a spy novel, and as a historical autobiography. I liked how he neutrally handled the different angle on the already told 
Nice change of perspective from Rare Earth . I think this is a good book to read after reading Rare Earth . The writing style is definately more casual and 
Doubled my money in 1 day! Thanks WADE!. Following WADE s advice from his new MUST website, I bought calls on HPQ prior to expected news that Wade had predicted 
excelente version del anarquismo. Este libro es uno de los pilares fundamentales de la teoria del anarco comunismo tan desvirtuada por el imperialismo, y nos da la esencia que el 
Good Ideas for a house full of kids!. This book had lots of great information about the things we NEED to teach our kids before they venture out into the 
The Best I Love Lucy Book!. This book is great!! It has soooo many pictures that have never been printed before. The pictures from the episodes are in color so 
This is an excellent book. I have read this book with great interest. I think this book is marvellous in describing the features of three dimentional inorganic molecules  
An interesting outlook on Romantic Opera and its composers!. I would give this book five stars as it shows a unique insight into the psycology of some of the best 
A surprisingly good vampire novel. I picked this book up on a whim because I love this author s Repairman Jack novels so I thought I would give this one 
Light Your Heart Here. The Kindness of Women is one of the most extraordinary books I have ever read - it gripped me with the shock of seeing deep into 
Great Example of Ethnography Oral History. There are many angles by which to praise this classic. It has a voice for feminist, postmodernist, etc. I think it also has a 
Good introduction review. While this book is not written as vibrantly as The Reformation For Armchair Theologians Glenn S. Sunshine, 2005 and while many of the illustrations cartoons are not 
Best introduction to time series analysis. Very good introductory book to ARMA models. Full of real-life examples that provide some intuitive insight about the issues that may arise when modelling 
Still the best. Published in 1996: Eight years later, this is still the best book on the subject, and will continue to be for a very long time.This book is 
Excellent for Teaching Grammar Language. I am using this for homeschooling my seven year old. She is a bit advanced with English, this is maybe at a 3rd 4th grade 
An Interesting View of US History. We the people of the United States like to think of ourselves as peace loving icons, holding ourselves up above the petty problems that 
A way I got my child to discover her emotions!. This is a fantastic book for your 3 year old children. My daughter, who is 3.5, had trouble labeling and 
Pick what you need from this book. Success in a fitness program ultimately rests on a foundation of personal goals and beliefs -- yoga, with its background in Hindu philosophy 
Catherine Called Birdy. My name is Morgan and I am currently an eighth grader. Catherine called Birdy is the story of a young girl who is forced to marry because 
Excellent Book!. Excellent book! This is the best book on magic I have read. It contains well over 100 routines I started to write tricks, however most of these routines 
A masterpiece . . . and a joy to read, too. This world-famous novel is all about love and loss and making choices in marriage. Adam loves Hetty who loves 
This Rip s a winner for the small fry.pictures and all!. Will Moses will walk youngsters into Washington Irving s Rip VanWinkle in this retelling of the tale. An artist 
Top notch mammal guide. This new guide is hands down the best mammal guide for North America currently available. An impressive volume and effort by the author. The artwork is 
A MUST READ...FOR ALL EBAY USERS. This insightful, intelligent and extremely humorous book is for all ebay users. I am no newbie to eBay but goodness me the section on 
Refreshing and insightful. If you have read the other reviews, you already know that Bishop Spong quckly sets aside the literal Christmas Story and the Virgin Birth in this book. 
A matter of truth. It has been noted that the Christian faith has suffered as much at the hands of certain of its adherents as those of its enemies. A 
Simple, but insightful. While the cartoons can sometimes seem a little patronizing, the book actually has very good content. There are a lot of good suggestions for strengthening relationships. It 
Easy to be a &quot;bestseller&quot; when you have a captive audience. Very basic. Very academic. As a grad student who also has a full time job in marketing, I haven 
utterly charming!. I loved this little book full of surprises and information. It is a charming present for anyone who loves fashion trivia...and the design is fantastic. They make a 
Marlin Reality. The best descriptions of marlin fishing I have ever read. Papa get to the essence of the experience;not overdone. Beautifully and unhurriedly transmitted to the reader.Other excerpts are 
A Poetic Book Hard to Understand, But With a Good Message. The House on Mango Street is a poetic novel written by Sandra Cisneros. The book is actually a collection 
another good one by the courtroom master. This book starts out innocently enough: young Mark Sway age 11 and his younger brother Ricky age 8 are out in a grassy 
Surrealism in Mexico. This book is not only an excellent account of Remedios Varo s life and work, but also of all the other artist who integrated a group in 
A great resource. Have browsed a number of books that say they cover this information, but none do it as well as this one. Everything you need is there. A 
Unexpected Delights... Much like the Deep Sea. Judging this book by the cover, I assumed that it was going to be nothing more than a great cataloging of the biological 
Creative Cookies. Amazing book! Beautifully photographed, unique cookie designs inspires one to delve into the art of cookie creation. Excellent professional tips on how to be successful regardless of your 
An Essential Planning Guide. Like a lot of people, I am a BIG fan of the first Business Plans for Dummies book. It got me started thinking about going out 
Wolf;s Head, Wolf s Heart - Fantastic!. Lindskold s second book is even better than her first in this series. This one keeps you going until the last page with 
Gossip?. It seems much more plausible that math developed strictly from hunger. People who couldn t plan ahead would die. Planning for carbs and protein means laying plots, seed saving, 
A Must Read for Anyone Getting Started in Media Planning. Roger Baron s book goes to great lengths to cover all the basics having to do with the media planning 
EXCELLENT TREATISE ON THE DOWNSIDE OF ALTRUISM. Among several circles of religious scholars and fundamentalists, Ayn Rand has been condemned for her philosophy of Objectivist Ethics on the basis that 
This is the best potty training book EVER!!!!!. I had a friend recommend this book to me - she said it totally worked and it was the greatest thing. I 
A Day of Deceit Indeed!. The value of this book is not so much it s delving into the netherworld of codebreaking and intelligence but the objective view it provides 
Brilliant, timeless classic. The Constitution of Liberty is a comprehensive restatement of the basic principles of a philosophy of freedom p. 3 . It is often considered the magnum opus 
Good Mix of Presentation and Hands On. I have worked through the first couple of chapters so far and I think this book is great. This book offers good technical 
A cause of envy. After two weeks in the black hole that is international postal services, an undamaged Amazon box arrived this morning.Within 10 minutes of opening it two people 
America s favorite city. In this brief walking tour of New Orleans, Roy Blount, a well-known humorist, commentator, and biographer offers observations and descriptions of interesting places within this exotic 
Wonderful Nude Male Photography. The photographs in this book are just marvelous. Gorman has a way of evoking each model s personality so well with his shots. There are also 
Gregory is a Born Storyteller. Born in Kenya in 1954, Philippa Gregory moved to England with her family at the age of two and was educated in Bristol. Philippa now 
A must-have for animation fans!. The Lady &amp; the Tramp sketchbook is just a beautiful book to add to any Disney fan s collection. This book is HUGE and it 
Surprising. I read Rees Howells, Intercessor several years before. I was expecting this book to be written in a similar style, with great power. But I was surprised instead by 
The Psalms of David. This is a wonderful handwritten and illustrated book of the Psalms from the Old Testament. It is pure Scripture with amazing illustrations called illuminations . These 
Quite Good. Ridley s a much better writer than Steven Pinker--Pinker has a tendency to move out of his field into other areas, and, while there, get thoroughly confused. Ridley 
Well done, although not perfect; buy it. This is an excellent and needed book in Civil War literature. Toomany folks seem to think the war was entirely in Virginia, betweenthe 
Ahyoka and The talking leaves. Interesting story about the Cherokee written language and how it may have begun  
great gift. this was a birthday present. she loved it!i can t wait to borrow it to read as well  
Read for an hour; Enjoy it for years!. The mutiny took place many, many years ago on an enormous star ship outfitted for a multi-generational voyage to Far Centaurus. The 
Excellent. This is a well-written, readable account of the guerrilla war in Kosovo. The author spent years in and around Kosovo, and is clearly in command of her topic.If you 
A pleasent reading. At the beginning, I was wondering what can the insider opinion be and what he can share with us. I was really surprised to see that it 
How to determine the ROI of your organization s human capital. I recently re-read this book and have even higher regard for it now than I did I when I 
Fascinating stuff!. This book has an amazing emotional impact. You immediately feel great sympathy for Melissa, who is hugely pregnant. She comes to the family of her boyfriend Ronnie who 
Lose yourself in self-help. A warning to those who are at risk of losing themselves in self-help.... which in balance is a complement to living well ... but in excess 
Exellent Book!!. A historically accurate review of the Bush multi generational quest for both national and international financial and political power with evidence that politics were a means and wealth 
The Greatest American Short Story Collection. Baldwin s ability to weave through various times throughout a story is exemplified best in &quot;Sonny s Blues,&quot; where he alludes to Isiah with 
Kept Reading. This book was one of the best. It is about a girl with powers out of control and access to an abstract Realm full of secerets. Mostly only 
Complete, practical, comprehensive, reader-friendly. To successfully compete in today s digital, global economy, companies will need to adapt their business models to new technologies, rethink the way they conduct business, 
Another good novel by Ms. Hurston. At first I thought I would not like this book but the further I read, the more I began to like it. It was 
Tedious, Voluminous, Intense. Having chewed and digested Around the World in Eighty Days , Five Weeks in a Balloon and Journey to the Centre of the Earth , I set 
Interesting to All. You don t have to be obsessed with wine to enjoy this book, since it concerns the impact of an individual on an industry as much or 
FINALLY...Get Organized the Practical Way!. If you want to have your own personal organizer--Read this book! Garcia offers simple, proven ideas and solutions to help you get rid of clutter 
A Very Human Drama. What struck me the most about this book was that it was not about troop manouvers, coordinates, what generals did or statistics. I was about six 
Teachers, put Gorky on your reading lists. I first read this book as a college freshman and think it must be read by all young adults. Gorky is, after all, 
Pioneer in the kitchen. Amelia Simmons created the first cookbook printed in America, by an American, using truly American ingredients. Up until her publication there were no printed recipes telling 
I belive it is fantastic. Im a master degree student from Colombia. I was searching an international relations book focused in globalization matters and I found it. It is very 
A solid, accurate, informed and informative primer. How To Start And Run Your Own Corporation: S-Corporations For Small Business Owners by experienced entrepreneur Peter I. Hupalo is a straightforward, &quot;user 
Great book for accessing your own innate healing abilities. The exercises and meditations in this book - and it s a sleeper , by the way - take us on 
Addicted to Trollope. DOCTOR THORNE is the third installment of Anthony Trollope s Barchester Cycle, preceded by THE WARDEN ISBN#0140432140 and BARCHESTER TOWERS ISBN#0192834320 . You don t have to 
Diamonds, Pearls, Mirrors & Lace. Dis is the Place to Face Fear, Fall, Then F L Y !. Sidney s world of the novel was recommended to me by my 
Couragous Novel; Lawrence is still right about sex. People are often confused about sex, not only when this novel was written, but even in this seemingly oversexed era.DH Lawrence wrote 
When it was over I wanted more!. I found this book fascinating on many levels. Mainly because the dashing young pilot is my father! But I also appreciated, and think 
Devastating. Toni Morrison says in her Afterword that the Breedloves are not supposed to represent the typical black family of the 1930 s and 40 s. What the Breedloves do 
Wonderful Art. The romance is sweet, the story is nice but if you buy this it should be for the art. The female characters are lovingly drawn, and you ll 
The Last Will & Testament of a Very Distinguished Dog. A treasure of a book for the dog lover dealing with the sadness of loss. Read it or give it 
Among his funniest. I have read every Hiaasen novel, except Flush and Naked Came the Manatee. I have enjoyed reading almost every one of them [There are exceptions -- Basket 
Think Like A Cat. The reveiwer who rated this book so poorly is WRONG! I have one cat who is outdoors most of the time and she is very aloof 
Great Book!. I have owned this book for several years now and still enjoy thumbing through it. If you buy this book you will not be disappointed. I was amazed 
teachers and actors, this is for you!. For serious students and teachers this is the basic bible of improvisation. It gives a strong, basic philosophy of improv for both teachers 
Simply the Best!. This is a great book on jazz piano. It should be part of every jazz pianist library - even beginners. This book is geared toward intermediate players, 
Great Addition to the Series. I devoured the first 2 books in this series, and am currently digesting the Waste Lands and loving it. Stephen King continues to weave a 
Inspiring and Transcendant. &quot;No Horizon Is So Far&quot; is a fantastic read that transcends the non-fiction adventure genre. The struggles these two women explorers endure to accomplish their goal to 
Understanding and Facilitating Adult Learning. A thoroughly researched and extensively documented book which efficiently outlines 20 years of studies on adult learning. Effective adulte learning practices are explained in from 
A subtle genius. I shall pretend that there are actually some people reading these reviews who have not already read LotR...First off, LotR is the defining work of fantasy fiction. 
Wonderful!. All the kids sports books written by Matt Christopher are great! Matt Christopher has turned my son into an avid reader. If you have a child that loves sports.....buy 
Another Gem. I have to say that I have never disliked anything that Joanne Harris has written. But this is the best since Five Quarters of the Orange. In a 
Easy-to-follow recipes that are delicious too!. I had one Afghan friend in highschool whose mom makes the best traditional Afghan food and bread I ve ever tasted! At first I 
From a student. I had to use this book for a UW Independent Learing course because I failed the geometry course offered at my school. It is a great book 
Complete and Affordable. The Dover Thrift Edition is a good choice for a reading text because it presents the entire, unabridged play, and has enough notes to be helpful to 
Timeless Classic. Like many groundbreaking works, this one must be seen as important when it was written for what it said then, and important now for what it has led 
Rare Insight into the Fog of Transport Policy. I found the book to be the most insightful analysis of passenger rail at the global level I ve ever seen. It 
The Crimes of America. Joe of Paterson, Loon Lake s protagonist and narrator, is an apparently unschooled adolescent who thinks and writes with the verve and skill of an older, 
same o same o. not much change from the two years before that.. if you can get the previous years much cheaper buy them , if not and it s 
It s got some uses. The 16-day workout plan and the exercise tutorials are good. A lot of the book has no use to the average home user. Unless you 
Fun, Easy Read. Like all Meg Cabot books, this was another enjoyable, quick read. But I especially liked the format of emails that she used in this book. It managed 
Comparing Audio 7 Habits of Highly Effective People products. This review is for people who already know that the book is valuable and who are now trying to choose which 
Faith Hill. Once again she was great,She truely out done herself,its the bes  
Grandkids vote YES!. My grandshildren love this book! One was concerned that some of the letters folded, and did not look like themselves, but he s gaining perspective on this 
Autobiographical Rubik s Cube. A life told in pastiche, favoring small moments of telling quietness over the Big Events that feature in most memoirs. Divorces and births are passed over 
I highly recommend this book... For anyone looking for great hikes in VA, this is a great place to start. The book contains detailed descriptions of 35 of the best 
Heartland - Coming Home. Heartland is amazing, it covers so much and yet never gets boring. You find yourself becoming attached to the characters - bothe human and equine. The 
Highly Recommended. I highly recommend the daily practice of the exercises in this book. The exercises dispel the sloggy, heavy air that people tend to get as the age. It 
How Far Down Does the Rabbit Hole Go?. The books Alices adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass are both very good books. The main plot of both books is 
Christian view of Nagasaki bomb by victim. The author s friends, colleagues and wife were killed instantly by the atomic bomb and he died of injuries after a few years 
Good read. Not a period which has saturated the market like the revolution or WWII, this nevertheless should not be completely ignored.This telling illustrates why we went to war and 
Hmmmf!. Well, I read it. It s interesting material and Watson is a good writer. Now back to whatever it was that I was doing  
Provides a riveting history as well as a health survey. The great smallpox epidemic of 1775-82 is covered in a survey which reveals not only the spread of the disease, 
Information: good; Presentation: average. Huffington s book collects a laundy list of corporate-executive outrages conveniently in one location... but that s all it does.Most of the compensation and under-the-table dealings 
Great book to understand how to achieve peace. The dangers of unilateralism are clearly presented in this book. Top notch  
Review by a key participant in the rescue attempt. I was the commander of the MC-130 squadron chosen to participate in the mission. Jim Kyle, author of The Guts to 
an informative book, some chapters leave you wanting more... I, too a fan of FFN, was expecting another stellar investigative journal novel from Schlosser. I agree with the other reviews: 
A Great Book for Teaching Ice Sculpture. WOW! I ve been waiting for an ice-sculpture book like this for years. As a chef-instructor that who has taught ice-sculpture as part 
A Look Behind the Legends. The story of the Alamo has become the stuff of legend. The names most associated with the Alamo-James Bowie, David Crockett, and William Butler Travis-have 
Long Live The Queen. A warm-hearted and touching look into the life of bees. Through the eyes of the author, the personality, social culture and care of bees are explored 
Powerful. While it is certainly within reason to prefer some of the later issues of the Ennis run on Hellblazer I myself also prefer Dillon s artwork , Dangerous Habits 
Fitzpatrick s Color Atlas & Synopsis of Dermatology. The pictures are so clear, it really helps to identify and recognize the skin disorders explained. Clearly written and easy to reference 
A parsimonious argument. When I picked up this book to begin reading it, I was quite frankly nervous. I d heard it recommended in so many places that I wanted 
VG, but get more help!. Very well written and updated, I especially like the way the authors have implemented MATLAB scripts in many of the more advanced matrix methods. BUT, 
Literature to get lit by. Man I od d on baseball quite a while back but the &quot;All That Good Stuff&quot; story is as funny a sports piece as I 
A nice surprise. I bought Ethics on the Ark at the same time as this book, and was disappointed with that book. This book, however, was a very nice surprise. 
wonderful introduction. This beautifully produced book is certain to become a collectors item and represents a good investment not only for book collectors but for anyone who really cares about 
Absolutely Wonderful!. 1970s suburbian life style is the setting of this compelling novel. This story follows the lives and drama surrounding a small town where four beautiful girls try to 
Genesis of the Market Order. Polanyi s classic is one of the most cogent treatments of the rise of market society ever written, and shows that conceptions of historical dynamics 
AWESOME BOOK!!!!!!!! praise the lord. I am a serious christian and I LOVE how in alot of his books he says christ and jesus! ALOT!!! WAR JESUS!!  
1969 Disaster of the Year. In the late 1960s and early 1970s, it seemed to me that you could tell which oh my god we re all going to die 
Good Summary. I believe this book will provide any investor with a good foundation for successful investing.  
The Greatest Book of All Time. This is without doubt the greatest book of all time. It is physically impossible to read this book and not feel inspired. Do not 
Discover You re a Goddess!. What an amazing book! Jean Shimoda Bolen is remarkable for putting together a set of archetypes for women to study and gain self-comprehension. The use 
Extremely Helpful. Delighted with this cd, my daughter found it very soothing and a great help at night  
Growing up with literature for the teacher. This book was required book for one of my college classes, and after purchasing it, I found it to be a valuable tool, 
Fascinating reading!!. An excellent book - compares well to her &quot;Descent of Woman&quot;. Full of thought-provoking facts about mammalian evolution, pregnancy &amp; child-rearing  
A Severe Mercy. A Severe Mercy by Sheldon Vanauken is one of those books I ve always heard great things about and never read. It s of particular importance to 
Relevant to Entrepreneurs & Anyone Engaged in Bringing Forward Innovative Products, Services or Ideas. While this book as Moore states is unabashedly geared toward the high tech industry, I believe 
essential reading. John Decamp, a man of integrity, has risked it all in detalingthe level of corruption and depravity that most of the powerelite in this country participate in.I for 
I love this play. Tennessee Williams was a genius. This play runs the full spectrum of human emotion-desire, frustration, depression, denial, grief, longing,need, inadequacy. Its all laid right out in 
options and more on options. As a new investor, this book I find very interesting but a little to intense to digest except in pieces. As my knowledge increases, I 
Excellent Book About Dysfunctional Relationships... I m a screenwriter. I ve been one for over fifteen years. Why, pray tell, am I reading a book on the Creative Wars Between 
Timely and beautifully written. Sherill Tippins volume fills a tantalizing gap that fans of Auden, McCullers, Britten, and Gypsy Rose Lee have long wished could be filled. Most overdue is 
Don t mistake this book for a hat, you will miss out. Extremely interesting, a shame it was done at a time, when more detailed diagnostic tests were not available 
the girl-next-door American icon in all her glory. Bunny Yeager met Betty Page in Miami in 1954, during one of Page s annual pilgrimages to the sun, sand and surf 
A must for therapists who seek to integrate spirituality. McMinn writes for the Christian professions, the religious, and the lay people. He also seeks to speak to those who are 
Not just for non-readers. I m an avid reader and have read all the Harry Potter books, some more than once. But I find listening to Jim Dale read the 
Absolutely wonderful!. &quot;Legends of the Ferengi&quot; is a much more thought out and fun book than it s previously released cousin &quot;The Ferengi Rules of Acquisition.&quot; Every known rule from 
Far out dude!. The character Jake on 2 1 2 men was asked by his father what the book Lord of the flies was about and he repied, a really 
not perfect, but at least completely honest.... well, with a little hedging! ... I understand the reasons for the negative reviews. This book is slightly incoherent, and randomly touches on 
Very helpfull book. This book is very helpfull and adress a sense of time management and action that we need to accomplish in order to do successfull things in business 
Conservation Atlas of Tropical Forests:Asia and the Pacific. This book is important boo  
Great Beginner Book. This book great for anyone wanting to get an introduction to nunchaku. It contains many begining techniques. I highly recommend this book. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
An Easy Read. Dean Koontz s Frankenstein books, each of which are co-authored by other writers, are entertaining, quick reads. While I am looking forward to the next installment, and 
Ms. Conant has done extremely well!. Hoving spent as much times at shows as I have, her knowledge leads one to believe she has as well! Her people and animal 
Confidentially, It s Walker Percy s Best Book . . . After I read this book I had no choice but to immediately consume Walker Percy s novels. Reading Lancelot 
Addicting!. Replay is possibly the most addicting novel I have ever read. I believe I am up to six reads...possibly more. But, I can quit any time! The premise is 
Hemingway juvenilia?. The Torrents of Spring is important because of who wrote it. It is supposed to be a parody of Sherwood Anderson s work. I don t get it. 
The Mental Game explained. This book is out of print but shouldn t be. Every golfer knows that the mental game is more than half of the battle. After you 
Answers those nagging questions about the decline in SAT s. I have been following the school reform movement for manyyears. The rhetoric is at times strident and theprescriptions lacking in 
Teaching the Colors. Out of all the books at the day care center I worked at, this by far was the favorite and most requested book of the kids. I 
Say Oh YES to This Book!. Simple, repetitive and fun. With dad asleep and the kids SUPPOSED to be sleeping, this sister and brother embark on a self-induced fright fest 
Great Book, but a Challenge. This is not an easy book. Don t pick it up if you like pop novels and sci-fi. It s for the serious reader of 
Terrific Book For Beginning Tofu-ers!. I was new to the world of tofu, but not to cooking, when I picked up this book about a month ago; I now use 
somewhat interesting, perfect if you know nothing. it serves its purpose very well. i skipped the second chapter because it didn t seem to interesting to me. but the other 
The classic beginners textbook. I came home from kindergarten every day and watched Julia while I had my cookies and milk; when this book came out my mother and I 
Great Book. Dr. Phil is very enlightening. I watch his TV program daily and it really changes my life to be a better person . I believe that this book 
insightful. This book changed the way I invest. It is a must read before putting your money on the line  
The crack-up. In his writing classes, Richard Yates said that the most important thing to him, as a writer, was &quot;telling the truth.&quot; He wasn t interested in pyrotechnics. He 
Awesome compilation of Nobu s over-the-top preparation and presentation. One of the problems with Asian cuisine is that it is often difficult for people who do not live in expensive 
If you like Harry Potter, you ll love Dido Twite!. Dido Twite, the quick-witted and sharp-tongued heroine of &quot;Black Hearts in Battersea&quot; and &quot;Nightbirds on Nantucket,&quot; is back in this 
Interesting, honest book. I was a bit sceptical when I picked this book up. By the way, I voted for Bush in 2004. I think it is an honest book. 
Action Packed. This book is chalk full of prompts and ideas to get your brain working. It is also a very visually stimulating book with it s vivid colors and 
Anomalist Book Award 2002 -- Best Biography. If Thomas Pynchon had any interest in Charles Fort, this is the kind of book that might result. It s far more than 
A Christian FBI Agent Pursues a Killer from Virginia to Jerusalem. I purchased this book from a Christian bookstore partly because the title and cover looked kind of intriguing, and 
French Character Study Elegant History. I couldn t put this book down. As a Brit, Horne writes rather like an objective outsider, but with the perspective of an insider. He 
A cross-cultural farce. What happens when a would-be samurai jumps ship and finds himself stranded on an isolated island off the coast of Georgia? In the hands of T.C. Boyle, 
Great Except the First Chapter. Ant Another Neat Tool is a build tool that facilitates building applications using Java. To use Ant, you construct a build file that then directs 
The right book at the right time for 70-284. If you have a clear understanding of the Microsoft core technologies but are new to Exchange this book is about as 
The Medici Conspiracy. The book deals with a fascinating subject and has a lot of details. It does not, however, read too smoothly. I ve enjoyed his other books better 
It was different. I was confused at times with how the author just switched characters. Sometimes it seemed that it was in the middle of a paragraph. I liked the 
One of the best series of books ever. With only one book out of this great series being less than perfect and highly injoyable, Anthology will hopefully contine this grand 
meanders briskly, goes down easily. I ve gotten irritated with Smith s Botswana series, because I think he spends too much time on the characters internal musings -- which are 
Star Trek Starfleet Technical Manual. A wonderful Star Trek fan-fiction writers bible. Everything and anything you wanted to know about Starfleet and the Federation - but was embarrased to ask 
worth the money. This book great for someone just getting into waterfowling. Lots of information on calling ducks and geese. It goes over seasonal tactics witch I liked. Over all 
An excellent biography. I learned about what it was like to be born a woman in China at the turn of the twentieth century when I was at high school. 
Now I want to visit the Exploratorium!. This book is so much fun! It s the best collection of brain teazers and puzzles and games that I ve seen. Reading 
A Revolutionary Statement. This novel of Kate Chopin s is based loosely on the possibly true story of a women who was infamous in New Orleans when Chopin lived there. 
The Great Turning. In The Great Turning, From Empire to Earth Community, author David Korten hits on the rarely discussed conflict facing Humankind in the 21st Century, the struggle between 
Mouth watering pictures, great flavor and reduced fat!. This is a gorgeous cookbook with pictures that make you want to run into the kitchen and start chopping! The author s 
Very Good book. I typed in Karim s name looking for some of his decor on Amazon, and to my surprise there was the listing for this book. I went 
An overdue translation. Very much in the style of a traditional, comprehensive German Handbuch. Undoubtedly, there are English-speaking chemists who have waited years for a translation of this famous German 
Enderverse Background stories. Here is a fun set of short stories for those who loved the great Ender stories.Here is the deal.OSC is a pretty smart guy, as well as 
Encouraging. This book will either open your eyes to a new way of thinking about creativity or will serve as a confirmation if you have already headed down the path 
definitely not a waste of paper :- . This is a wise book, intentionaly kept small to be qucikly digestible. Very cleanly and simply the author describes where are the 
Great art teaching aid. This book was easy to follow and interesting. It would be a little too much for a child to understand on their own, but with limited 
First Class Delivery!. This latest effort from Mr. Hannity is as engrossing as his earlier book, Let Freedom Ring , which I read in 2001. Unfortunately, many of the perils 
A review for Sing down the Moon. Sing down the moon was not such a bad book.I mean Sing down the Moon is like a rollercoastersome times it s good 
Very interesting with another new bent on life and death. I enjoyed reading this book. It is one that I didn t want to put down. Reads easily and smoothly. 
Adventures in the Counter-Culture. Radical in the Sixties, radical since, radical today. Krassner is one of those rare specimens - a Sixties radical who survived with his sense of humour 
Perfect for the coffee table. This is a fantastic book for anyone historically inclined. It focuses on an era- in the context of baseball. The descriptions with each amazing photo 
Outstanding once you make it past the first few chapters. This book starts out slow, but once you get past the first few chapters you won t be able to 
Moving story of Chinese family life and the student movement. There are two wonderful things about this book: first, Shen Tong s charming account of life growing up in Beijing 
A real gem of a book that turned me onto poker. This is fantastic journalistic-style fiction that has all the elements of a great book: gambling, Vegas, murder, sex, and 
An Excellent Book. Every person should read this book. It was well written and opned my eyes to the plight of Terri Schiavo and her family. As a disabled person 
Old earth creation day age version , via Big Bang, inflation, Einstein s time dilation, & punctuated equilibrium. The good: a easy to follow explanation of the underlying physics; b 
An excellent and practical book for all businesses. The writers have managed to bring together solid business approaches with some of the tips and tricks that have been gleaned from 
Finally, a book for Dads that doesn t insult the masculine!. On Father s Day, I received the Dad in the Mirror and quickly decided it would be the basis 
A must read!...if you are serious about making a major career or life change!. This is one of the most pivotal books in my mid-life transition during the early 90 
An hour-long argument. I m fascinated by arguing and the dynamics of arguments. The part I liked best about Labute s Your Friends and Neighbors was the arguing between Ben 
Coast Guard Aviation Association. Reviewed by Captain George Krietemeyer, USCG Ret. ,President, U.S. Coast Guard Aviation AssociationCommander LaGuardia more than earns her stripes with an extremely well researched and documented 
One of the best of a small bunch. I brought this book because I was planning to build a kit plasma cut boat .The information in this book is valuable 
Path Forward to Business Improvement. The author has done a marvelous job in defining the Collaborative Manufacturing environment, describing the best practices of what companies are doing today, and &quot;painting 
A Walk through the Fire. A Walk through the Fire is the 20th Sharon McCone novel. ...I think this is one of the best of the Sharon McCone novels. Glenna 
Really Touching. This book is a collection of short stories about Mexican-American teens in California, but the themes and the things they do could apply to anyone. Reading this book, 
Essential reading... ...and essential antidote to nonsense such as Tony Blankley s The West s last chance avoid the latter, unless desperately in need of a good laugh . What 
It Works. Been studying this book with my Network Marketing team. Was so good I had to read ahead! In my current job I ve been applying this and the 
Entertaining and Educational for Children. A change of seasons is in the air. Fletcher the fox doesn t understand and now he s worried.He sees his favorite tree changing colors 
hmm, not the best, but worth the read. The Scarlatti Inheritance is a good book. It s best ingredient is the vivid imagination of Mr. Ludlum and his ability to 
Well-balanced and well-informed discussion. This was a solid presentation of the history of Science in the context of the rest of human experience. It did an excellent job of refuting 
A Fascinating & Outstanding Short Fiction Mystery Anthology. The film, Fatal Attraction, features a dangerous woman - lethal, in fact. The Maltese Falcon s Brigid O Shaughnessy is certainly a 
The Lost World is AWSOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. The Lost World is probably, no the best sequal I have ever read. It s not as good as the first dinosaur-eat-human adventure Jurassic Park, 
Can t Put it Down. You can t guess what is going to happen next. The story starts to move along at a much faster pace than the previous books. 
Interesting overview on a controversial topic. The Juice provides a nice overview on topic that sports fans hear about constantly but nobody is really saying anything new about.The book discusses 
A definite Must Read for any one who supports our troops. CPT Brown provides a unique and compelling look at the war on terror in Afghanistan. He allows the reader 
 Faithful Transgressions - an unexpected journey. I was interested to learn that someone apparently familiar with Mormon culture and teachings would write a book about Mormon pioneer women with 
Rick did our homework for us. We haven t visited Paris yet. We have plans for the spring and were apprehensive about how to spend our time and money wisely 
A Great Cook Book. Very explanitory. Highly recomended for Mexican cooking  
Its great. As I was reading some of these reviews I have noticed that many- teachers, kids, parents are saying that this book is way too mature , fake , 
Fascinating book sure to entertain readers of all ages and backgrounds. Written by Richard W. Thorington Jr., curator of mammals at the Smithsonian s National Museum of Natural History, and 
Great case study book. This book is a very good case study book for anyone interested in business. I am a professor at a university and I will be using 
Brilliant, Disturbing, Intriguing, Brutal. This novel explores the personality of a corporate executive who is smooth and cunning in the office and fearsome and selfish in his own family. While 
What I understood of it seemed excellent. I once had a physics teacher the late Dave Levinstein of blessed memory who when asked by a student about relativity theory said 
Heavy. I guess you ve gotta be in the right frame of mind to read this. It s poetic, much too poetic for a quick-read kind of book. It s 
Amazing analysis of loves. I was not especially expecting to be engrossed by a book about four greek words, but I was wrong. This was one of the better books 
Get inside the minds of 9 well-known millionaires. As you read through this book, you get to listen in as Mike Litman interviews 9 of the most successful millionaires of 
The Perfect Gift for Christmas. I can t think of a better gift for the avid movie fan or trivia buff in your family! Hours of entertainment, memories, and just 
Always on my counter. I have had this book for quite a few years and I always leave it out on my counter. It has great recipes and instructions for 
BEST BOOK IN THE WHOLE WORLD!!. VERY GOOD AND INTERESTING TO READ! WHEN I START, I CANNOT PUT IT DOWN! A GREAT GIFT TO A VIDEO-GAMING FREAK!!P.S.: Since this is 
Inspiring and Beautiful. A beautiful book chock full of not only recipies but ideas and inspiration. With complete menu ideas, holidays, and everything from cocktail parties to a Hawaiian Luau, 
Did the South Win?. Never Call Retreat: Lee and Grant-The Final Victory. Thomas Donne Books, St. Martin s Press, New York. 496 pages with maps and numerous Civil War Photographs. 
A must-have. Over the past year, I have purchased a number of professional resources on the topic of literacy instruction, including more well-known books by Patricia Cunningham, Fountas and Pinnell 
Six stars for Sidney. Since the beginning of the book till the last page you ll be in the book, with the book and over the book. The three personalities 
My Personal Guide. I ve been in the bar business for 30 years & this book has gotten me out of some situations on a few occasions. I would recommend 
Full of flawed, fascinating characters, moral dilemmas, and a hero hurtling towards his own doom. Alexander Hamilton by Ron Chernow is a detailed and fascinating biography of the greatest of 
Teen Anarchy. The book Breaking Point is a book for those who love the exciting lives of teenagers. It is about a boy, Paul Richmond, who is new to a 
Handcrafting Chain and Bead jewellery. Outstanding book, for those wishing to make chain maille with a difference. Learn the most popular pattern weave, and apply it in many ways  
Take responsibility for your emotions. Some of the reviews of this book highlight the very issue REBT addresses; namely, the incorrect assumption that other people or situations make us unhappy. 
Truth is Stranger than Fiction!. Indeed, in this era of bizarre &quot;true&quot; tales, it is fascinating to read this well crafted and outstandingly researched account of the inner workings of 
A must book of mastering OOAD. Currently the best and famous OOAD books in markets. It covers detailed information and techniques e.g. GRASP on each steps for the whole process 
Invaluable memories of our Greatest Generation. I suspect that I am typical of the most appreciative readers of this history of the Tank Destroyer Force, a proud son of a 
Excellent. This book is the most intelligent written in ages. It tells the truth about how men and women are being brainwashed in our country...right along with people in foreign 
Airframe. To me this book was a mixed bag. Air Frame is about a woman Casey Singleton who is sent to investigate a near crash of an air plane for 
A critique of Watson senior by Kevin Maney. This book is generally pretty good, as evidenced by my 4 stars I quite enjoyed it. There is a lot of insight 
Easy to use Commentary. This is one of the best Torah Commentaries for use by people who do not have access to the original Hebrew. It includes a summary of 
Practical. These recipes, at least the ones I ve tried, have been easy to make, use common ingredients, and taste really good! I highly recommend it  
Fringe--or future?. This book provides a fun look at the science of what could be, as well as a look at the occasionally eccentric people who don t just dream 
From palace to prison. THIS IS AN INFORMATIVE,DOCUMENTED AND WELL- WRITTEN BOOK REGADING THE IRANIAN SOCITEY AND ITS STATUS BEFORE THE ISLAMIC REVOLUTION OF IRAN.DR NARAGHI IS A GREAT AND 
Good Stuff!!. As I have said before when doing a review of a Lee Child book, I started with his most recent effort and have been working my way back 
Quite a pleasant read. An excellent book, easy to read in one full day if you don t pull yourself away from it. I purchased this book from a local 
One of the best works of film criticism ever written. The movie The Celluloid Closet is great, but youoccasionally get the feeling that the directorsare straining to make a point 
Health care rationing. Excellent analysis of the health care mess. However, like almost all other such books, it stops short of a solution. For a thought provoking formulation of a 
How young Richard Wright got to read books from the library. Richard Wright is an African American author best known for his novel Native Son and his autobiographical work Black 
Brilliant. Ricoeur, who died in 2005, had an obscure type of fame, but one that will grow exponentially as his ideas are understood more and more. This mind-blowing volume takes 
Double-Edged Secrets. Jasper Holmes recollection of the work of U.S. Naval Intelligence in the Pacific during the Second World War provides a one-of-a-kind analysis as to how the war was 
Newly discovered letter from 1834 discusses the censure of Andrew Jackson. This is an excellent book, as are all of Professor Remini s books. They are thorough and very easy 
...lick your lips...uummm. I picked this book up and devoured it in a day. The story grabbed me from the start, saucy characters, and great plot twists. It is a 
Once again, a lovely escape. Diana Gabaldon s storytelling and Geraldine James voicing of it is a pleasurable escape.This audiobook is well worth the purchase  
God promises eternal life... Chew-Z gives it now!. Dick does dual-reality, as off-world colonies within their `P. P. Layouts are addicted to an outlawed mind-altering drug called Can-D find themselves 
New Inner Game. I enjoyed Tim Gallwey s Inner Game of Work. It was great to see him apply his principles in general rather than the specific modalities of tennis 
Funny, Sad, Real.... The author creates humor in a sad situation. It s one of the best books I ve read so far. The characters are very real and true 
REINCARNATION?? THIS WILL MAKE A BELIEVER OUT OF YOU... If you ever wondered about reincarnation, this book may make a believer out of you.This book explores Sylvia s experiences as 
Best RE book I ve read!. I ve read many books on the subject. This one by far, is the best. Filled with many great tactics to get business & 
A Must Read for Reef Enthusiast s. Great book with lots of info. If you are planning on a reef tank you should read this book  
GREAT BOOK!!!!. The book was very detailed and interesting. I knew some things about the TITANIC but not as much as this book tells me!!!! This is a great book. 
Powerful intellectual analysis by a dazzling newcomer. With Flawed by Design, Zegart makes a spectacular splash into the world of professional political academic analysis. Trained at Stanford University, Zegart employs 
Live in the Moment. Julie - your book inspired me to recall, What is Life? , Are things always going to be happy? , and Can I Live in Moment? 
A good dip-in book for the isolated writer. Think of this book this way: it s you having a cup of tea with a bunch of good and not-so-good but 
Opened my eyes. This book opened my eyes. I was brainwashed about Africa and did not know it. It was if the book was speaking directly to me. This is 
This is a great concise handbook on Chinese patent remedies. Jake Fratkin s book on Chinese pill and extract remedies is one of my desk-side references. It gives several names 
How the Irish Saved Civilization. The book showed how Irish monks preserved much of western culture during the dark ages. The monks recorded and preserved lititure and other cultural items 
A Book of Wonders. Robert Bly s value and weight as a poet is remarkable. Whether he s one of your favorite American poets or not, Bly must be profusely 
A Good One-Volume Illustrated Edition. I ll begin with the edition and will follow with the actual story. There s nothing to be reproached to this edition: the paper is 
One of Jack s Best. I m biased. I admit it. I d be thrilled watching Jack fix absolutely anything, like a TV. Or a cat.But this was a particularly 
100 Pop hits of the 90s : Easy piano. This is the 3rd book I ever bought on piano playing. This books provides exciting music sheets for the songs that 
Relationship between algebra and geometry. It is a very good book. It has presented very clearly some difficult-to-understand relationship especially the link between algebra and geometry. It is a very 
Excellent unbiased opinion of our early leaders. Founding Brothers is an excellent read for anyone interested in a clear, concise review of our struggle for independence and the early days 
Thanks Nicky!. Nicky, you, your counting book and jazz lullabies cd are number one with me and my three little nephews. Thanks for helping me during my first babysitting effort 
If you are busy. If you are busy in your business and the enjoyment of life is missing than this might very well be a resource for you. Take the 
Good book for novices - like me!. This book is silly and that is what helps me past the confusion of amps and watts and volts and cables. This is 
Great Information. I had my surgery in April 2003. This book was a great asset in that it let you know what to expect from beginning to end, even the 
The Search for Wrinkles in Time. Stephen Hawking, one of the most prominent geniuses of our time, called George Smoot and his colleagues discovery of wrinkles in time, &quot;the scientific 
Excellent but hard reading!. I was in shock by the information obtained in through this book. That was given by an Angel to Adam, I doubt it! A book prior 
Teach a man how to fish, and . . . When I happened upon this book in my favorite local bookstore sorry, amazon! , it was a revelation! It laid 
A very strange dictionary. skeptic also sceptic skptk n.1.One who instinctively or habitually doubts, questions, or disagrees with assertions or generallyaccepted conclusions.2.One inclined to skepticism in religious matters.3.Philosophy.a.often Skeptic An 
Thank you. I am new in the field of gifted children and this book will be great to use with my students  
preschool. This is one of my favorite preschool books. It is simple, repetitious, and fun. My son loves to look at it and pretend to read  
Review of Curious Wine by Cheri Rosenberg. Curious Wine is a classic romance in every sense of the word. Lambda Literary award-winning author Katherine V. Forrest has captured the hearts 
Sunset in St. Tropez. This is one of Danielle Steel s better novels. It had a pleasant and happy ending and is great for summer or vacation reading. I was 
A Great Story. The Protector is by the most well-developed book up to this point in the series. The plot is intricate and interesting while the characters are more three 
Not so brief, but well worth the reading!. After reading `What Went Wrong? : The Clash Between Islam and Modernity in the Middle East , I was impressed with Mr. 
This is not an unabridged dictionary. In terms of value for money, this is a very good dictionary, but do not expect too much. I bought the dictionary to help 
AD&amp;D Players Guide. A very good book for all AD&amp;D players, whether coming from D&amp;D or a new role-player, this book is excellent to have for all campaigns. It is 
Three generations of action. I found myself looking for a good book. Just getting back into reading after quite the hiatus, I wasn t sure where to look. I don 
Age of loss. I read and enjoyed this book when it came out in hardback in 1994. As befits the author s own experience, it concentrates on mother loss by 
great. I thought this book was extremely good.The best book I have ever read.If you like fantasy books then get this immediatley.It is perfect  
A tribute to American freedom and opportunity. As one who was only vaguely familiar with Podhoretz, I found this to be a touching, though unemotional account of the progression of 
This book is changing my life. Finally, I think someone has gotten through to me to get me to eat healthier. The motivation? Avoiding cancer and other diseases. Dr. Slaga 
Could not put it down ... I read this in one sitting. And, when I finished, I read it again.Shreve s writing style hypnotized me. I read this story with 
Hilarious Childhood and Teenage Disasters. This is one of the funniest books ever written. Jean Shepherd recounts his early years in a steelmill and oil refinery town in northern Indiana. 
Good read. Certainly helped me establish boundaries in new relationships. Also helped me learn not to help a person destroy my boundaries out of an attempt to be nice. There 
One of my favorites. This is a wonderful and riveting story that is strangely missing in Classic English Literature. The three Bronte sisters were indeed a talented lot. But I 
Made me realize that we might be heading in same direction!. I was blown away by DERILECTION OF DUTY, written and read byH.R. McMaster . . . though written some 
Bravo Jameson!. Aside from Postmodernism, or, the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism, this is my favorite book of Jameson s. In this eloquent and at times difficult book, Jameson goes 
An excellent survey-. For years I have wanted to understand how the ancient world gave way to the Middle Ages. This three-volume set illuminated many of the details of the 
Addictive!. I got so caught up in Lukeman s exercises for Inner and Outer Characterizations that I had to actually force myself to put the book and my rather extensive 
Excellant book. This was my first Gregg Olsen book but it won t be my last. This was a complicated story to put together and he did an amazing job. 
24 Calendar. If you love the entire cast of 24, you ll love this calendar. If you re mainly a Jack or Kiefer fan, you will be a tad disappointed 
A Luxuriant Pandora s Box!. For passionate art collectors, for students of all stages, and for art book afficianados this new volume of Still Life is about as fine as 
A beautiful book. This set of articles, originally written for magazines and catlalogues, is one of the most eloquent collections of mountain writing I ve yet come upon. The book 
No winners, just different degrees of loss. I ve read many of Grisham s novels, and this remains my favourite. It addresses complex issues and does not attempt to gloss 
Creepy and Effective. A profoundly effective horror tale. Hodgson writes with a command of the language and has a seemingly thorough understanding of what it takes to raise the reader 
The Lighter Side of Suicide?. If you re sick of life and on the roof of a tall building, there are two ways down. The short way down is over 
Excellent intermediate - advanced text. Another fine title from Kodansha s bilingual series also check out the wonderfully titled How to Sound Intelligent in Japanese - this is indeed better 
Best Book Out There on Siblings. How lucky I was to learn of this book when my second child was a newborn. I ve read many good books and articles 
Cities of the Plain. Incredible. One of the best novels I have ever had the pleasure to read. McCarthy is a master story teller. I have never read a book 
The Burglar Who Stuided Spinoza. The main character Bernie and his friend Carolyn decide they will break into the Colcannon s house because they are very wealthy. The job was 
The best yet... This is arguably the best Socialist Register yet -- the issues covered have never been more pertinent or provocative. The lead article by Varda Burstyn, The New 
Stephen King reads Stephen King, and he does a good job. Blood and Smoke is an audio collection of three Stephen King short stories, read by Stephen King himself, and 
Good. Interesting novel on Italian fascism during the first half of the 20th century, and the life of a boy man without many characteristics emotions. Not an easy read. The 
A wonderful personal history, set in a decaying town. When I ordered this book, I thought that it might be about someone closer to my age 64 who grew up 
Aptly Named. Curb Appeal does all it suggests. The photographs are clear and concise and adequately show before and after. The suggestions are helpful and the variety of architecture and 
Truly Outstanding. I m a typically quite cynical of Religion and Women s Studies books that contain the word Goddess in the title. I have seen far to many horrible 
fun for the kids. charmingly drawn and reasonably well written, the book captures the attention and imagination of children in its intended age group. Only problem: children learning to read 
great book. This book should be read by all designers. Pyes understanding of materials and processes, and their relationship to design, is an inspiration.  
Nice newbie book. It s a great inspirational book and it has a great deal of easy recipies within texmex, sandwich, soup, salat etc. It s not one of those 
Curiously Good & Quite Creepy. Cabinet of Curiosities is my fourth book by these authors Relic, Reliquary, and Brimstone and while it wasn t without a few annoying faults I 
Up-to-date, broad-coverage, and in-depth coverage of QoS. I am a full-time network engineer engaged in the development of a global satellite-based network and a part time university instructor.This is an 
A Spiritual Classic. Devil s Advocate is a deeply insightful novel about the psychology of sin and salvation. It traces the spiritual journeys of its characters in what I think 
Pragmatic, inspirational, well argued solutions to Global Warming. I am grateful for this book. I am inspired by the idea of taxing the bads of commerce rather than taxing the 
Wow! I love Atkinson s writing. I had read Case Histories and could not WAIT to get another book by Kate Atkinson. I was not disappointed. But don t take 
Great for those getting started ... In their search for their CFS illness. I read this book and it provided me with the tools that I need to bring to 
Mistry delivers the goods with a little less tragedy. A Fine Balance was brilliant, but it was also wrenching, a completely tragic book. In Family Matters, Mistry follows a Parsi 
Good primer. I use this book in my lean manufacturing class. It has good practical examples and a useful method for doing lean using the value stream mapping approach. I 
Super Great Homework for reading fluency!. I ve been assigning these readings weekly to my fifth graders for a few years now.The parents and students love them as a quick, 
Best read as a trilogy - Game, Set, Match. After I read this book, I gave it four stars. After reading the whole trilogy - Berlin Game, Mexico Set, and 
Inspirational. Chip Kidd is one of those people who makes me think about the work that I do, and inspires me to try to be more creative. Some design lends 
Good but not the best. This book is very useful and interesting, but there s no pictures and the paper rips of easily. It has great reviews and a beautiful 
The way it was, the way it will never be again. If you have any interest in hunting at all, this book is a must. It s the first book 
Symbiotic Syncopation. There is an other-worldly quality to Winchester s yarn about the professor and the mad medical doctor.First, we have their obsessive natures, both eager to probe the meanings 
Dr. Temperance Brennan vs. Outlaw Motorcyle Clubs. She s taken on serial killers and fanatical cults--and now, in this third entry in Kathy Reichs groundbreaking series, Dr. Temperance Brennan faces 
Ruskin s Venice. This is a deeply inspiring photographic account of Ruskin s commitment to Venice. It serves as a remarkable and revelatory companion to Ruskin s THE STONES OF 
Perl for Dummies. I bought this book to fill in the gaps after several years of perl programming. It is providing valuable insights into new areas as well as being 
You will need to listen many times to Deepak s life changing views. In my continuing quest to unearth the best authors who impact the mind, body and spirit, Deepak 
Travel Stories- A Great Genre. Americans generally care little for the world outside of its borders. And in the rare cases of foreign travel often Americans, pay large sums to 
Good Starting Point for Channel Work. If you re just learning about channels, and want to learn ways to make your images look better, this book is a good start. 
A delightful primer. Alan Gregerman has a wonderful way of reminding us of the valuable lessons we learned long ago. With clear words and poignant examples, he underscores how we 
MIND GAMES. THIS BOOK IS FOR RED SOXS FANS AS ITS TRATS THE YANKESS AS BUMBLERS  
Best IEP how-to book I have read so far!. I just got this book and am already halfway through. It gives clear, concise IEP writing tips and lots of examples. 
My favorite book...EVER!!!. This book introduced me to Wally Lamb and I am looking forward to reading the rest of his work. The book looks long, but the pages fly. 
Truly Believable Review. This book is for ages 11 - 18. True Believer is a story about a girl going through the troubles of life. But when LaVaughn s friends, 
A book which raises many questions....... What more can be said which already hasn t of this extraordinary book written by an extraordinary man of courage? With 900 reviews, I 
Still funny after all these years. The satire isn t as harsh, and the humor isn t as brilliant as you will find in Austen s major works, but don 
excellent, but expensive. The book is without doubt the best ornithology textbook in existance. While this may be aided by the fact that it is virtually the only one there 
Excellent book -- the one to have. This book has already drawn lots of reviews, but I can t resist adding to them. As its title advertises, this is indeed 
Who names their kid Rudolf, anyway?. A good swashbuckling novel is indispensable. Fencing, fighting, swimming across moats, humor, true love, red hair... and of course, there s a sad ending, 
Is this already happening???. This is a good book. It was recommended to me by a friend who took the professor s philisophy class. The professor provides an excellent lesson 
Great account of the realities of a psychiatric residency. I am considering studying to be a psychiatrist and I found this account extraordinarily informative. The author does a great job 
It s people, not technology, that increase productivity. Attempts to improve productivity by pouring money into expensive computer technology or down-sizing and reengineering have failed. According to an Andersen Consulting 
Touching. I just finished the hardback version of this novel and because it is the only Catherine Coulter book that I have ever read I thought I would check out 
Yes, It is the end. I have to agree with the previous reviewers that this book wrapped things up too quickly and didn t tie up all of the loose 
Great resource, even for non-designers. A great introduction to logo design process. The first part of the book is about the process and the second part is a catalog of 
Colson gives whole new perspective to justice. Chuck Colson, probably the most influential Christian writer alive today, tackles the knotty questions, &quot;What is justice?&quot; and &quot;How should a modern Christian 
I couldn t have said it better. For the professional therapist there s nothing like knowing good practice.I cherish this little tome on Erickson for its ability to offer so 
European Jews painfully turning into Israelis. I decided to read this novel-like memoir after watching a program about it on Greek TV, and also after an American anti-Israel friend told 
Old Corps to New Corps. In August of 1965, I was a slick-sleeved Marine Corps private stopping off in Okinawa on my way to Vietnam. During my short stay in 
YA fiction set on Alcatraz. This young adult novel is the story of 12-year-old Moose Flanagan. Moose s older sister is autistic, but since it s the 1930s, she isn 
Buy it!. My son and I are about half done with the 6-week program, and we both notice a definite improvement in how we feel. It s the first time 
This book belongs in your saddlebag or knapsack. If you cycle then you need to read this book. If you are thinking about cycling, then read this book. If you 
an artist responds. The body we inhabit is a contested space, one which artists have beenspeaking of and from for a long time. My own hyper recognition of theproblematics of 
Some Climb. This book recounts the 1996 memoirs of Jamling Norga, son of Tenzing Norgay. In 1953, Tenzing Norgay was one member of the two-man team that first made it 
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED - SIMPLE, YET EFFECTIVE EXERCISE. On a visit to the library, I picked up this book and casually flipped through it. I checked the book out, took it 
Read this book, land that job. A terrific primer on how to kill during that big interview. My wife and I both read it before we had important interviews and 
Very much self contained. Great book on VoIP, still emerging technology. It did a great job in explaining concepts related to QoS such as RSVP, DiffServ and MPLS. Right from 
THE ULTIMATE YANKEE BOOK ----- The Reading Room . Here is the ultimate reference for baseball s most storied team.The &quot;Bronx Bombers&quot; have won 35 American League pennants and 24 
Good Read. I really enjoyed this book and have purchase the next book in series. If you are a fan of Dean Koontz you will not be disappointed. I give 
Awesome!. This is the best gardening book I have ever purchased and I have a library full! . It is FULL of information for gardening in the Northwest. I read 
Belushi s MAN Rules. Many years ago, there was a book and an audio presentation called Real Men Don t Eat Quiche. It was a man s guide to being 
DON T MISS THIS ONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Norene Gilletz s cookbooks are probably the only ones I have for which the recipes NEVER have to be tweaked, and can be tested for 
Literature that rightfully make us proud to be Japanese. If ever criticized, The Temple of the Golden Pavilion by Yukio Mishima is chided most frequently for some of its seemingly 
So worth reading!. This has got to be one of the most fascinating reads ever. It s the kind of book that you put down only so you won t 
DNS and BIND, Fourth Edition. If you want to learn DNS then this is a must have book. It is clearly written and informative  
You can lead a horticulture... Philippa Gregory, through her novels, has been my personal guide through history. If losing oneself to a time and place is something you ve tried 
Extremely Impressed Native Texan. My dad a reviewer of this book too and stepmother showed my husband and I their cookbook. I wasn t really interested in it but my 
Great for Beginners. I bought this book and let it sit on my self for far to long. By the time I had gained 20 extra lbs I decided to 
Born.....TO BE A WINNER!. Those of us who have kept up with this series will be both amused and touched by the birth of Mavis baby. The ending brings a 
Good but Basic. I purchased this book after finding out that I had leaky gut syndrome - the information provided is good, recommended treatments is the standard throughout the alternative 
Another powerfully moving story. I have tried to analyze how it is that Sandoz manages to take a story, the mere facts of which I have read many times, and 
A brilliant book. The excellent research behind this work is evidenced by how easily digested the material is. This is an important book. It may well become the definitive authority 
Thank God for the 1930 s and 1940 s . First of all, the Library Of America collection provides the reader with some of the most beautiful hardcover editions available 
The most wonderful Canadian folk story. As a kid growing up in Ontario I heard this poem a million times. Now that I have a daughter of my own, I 
The bible of Digital Audio. Mr. Pohlmann s book is the most encompassing treatise on Digital Audio that is available today. As an employee at Dolby, I can tell you 
at long last!. &quot;definitive&quot; is a an overused adjective... but this volume is indeed just that. ulin s winning and sometimes surprising selection of material captures the breadth and depth 
Fabulous narrator on audio. I listened to this novel on CD, narrated by Susan Lyons. What a fabulous job! This story was about the pain and the passion of the 
334. The book 334 is a journey into the future, where babies are grown in bottles and promiscuity is no longer &quot;promiscuous.&quot; But it is also liquid: the scenes and 
True Grit. Britton Davis s reason for writing this book in the 1920 s was to set straight some outlandish tales that were being published about who captured Geronimo, and 
sweet stories teaching worthwhile values. My mother was born in 1896, She read all the Little Colonel books and read them to me. I read them to my children and 
A Great Story about an Amazing Woman. I loved the story of Ruth Harkness, her beloved China, and those unforgettable pandas. I live in DC, which is currently caught up 
Tupac the Legend. I think that this was an excellent book. It gave me a lot more information about Tupac that i never knew about  
good guide, but smacks of marketing. This book does present a persuasive case for the efficacy of Omega-3 in treating depression. But there s a little too much of &quot;so 
I was born in the desert... I been down for years. This is one of my favorite novels of all time. It is absolutely flawless - a deranged, bizarre trip 
A must-read --- captivating!. A Room with a View is a novel that is thoroughly enjoyable from the first page to the last. It s a heart-warming love story, and 
An invaluable work in South Asian Studies. This is a fantastic anthology of women s writings across a broad spectrum of Indian history - well chosen and edited, with an 
A must-read for every parent. This is the type of book that causes a paradigm shift. After reading it, I completely changed the way I discuss model personal safety with 
Nice coverage of many aspects of the human animal. A comparison of how our closest relatives from the animal kingdom show a remarkable number of our most cherished features. Diamond 
Should be taught in all schools and used at home by parents. Very easy to read,learn and to put in practice by carfully following the instructions and exercises. Worthwhile for 
Clever. Overall, a very satisfying read, but somewhat disjointed. The beginning and ending -- the two parts which take place at Boot Magna in the English countryside -- are laugh-out-loud 
Voodoo People ... Nothing in Bear s previous works prepared me for the nature of this book. In marked contrast to the majority of Bear s novels, Queen of Angels 
Must have. Simply the best logistic regression book I ve seen. Concepts clearly and succinctly explained and illustrated.A must-have for all biostatisticians  
A wealth of information. The amount of information may be considered by some to be a bad thing, however, it outlines the true complexities of neuroscience in a non-trivial way 
Great for Children, Fantastic for Adults. My dad was dying and I bought several books to take to him at the hospital. This was one of them. When I flew 
Good in practice. Good for those with understanding of ITIL methodology and desiring quantitative manner of implementing ideas. Not recommended for those without previous understanding of terms and concepts in 
Charming Story : . School in the Kentucky hills goes from August to the last Friday before Christmas. After that the snows are too high, and later, the thawing rivers 
WTO - the real antichrist!. A MUST read for all citizens and government employees! We have been sold down the river. All of our health, safety, environmental, labor, and manufacturing 
Insight into Indonesia. This is a fascinating report on TEMPO, a Time-like magazine founded in Jakarta, Indonesia in 1971. The book, by an American journalism professor and historian who has 
Art Marketing 101. This guide to art marketing is especially usefull for the individual artist. Concise, precise, very user freindly with plenty of usable advice on getting into the marketplace 
lots of insight into how dogs think and act. I think the title can be a little misleading. You might expect nice stories about cute doggies. But what you get 
BEAUTIFUL AND FASCINATING. After getting La Casa Loca as a gift I just had to go and get all the other books by Kathy Cano-Murillo. I ve always been into 
A Free Social Order Requires Free Markets and Free Initiative. I give this book 4 stars because it is a fine restatement of that which is already known but unfairly 
G is for Great!. So far, this is my favorite in the alphabet series by Sue Grafton, as it s full of excitement, suspense and a little romance thrown in 
One of my all time favorites!!. This is an incredible novel that I ve read twice. I envy those of you who haven t read it yet and get to 
What is communication any way?. This book is for those that really want to COMMUNICATE -- not simply write or speak well. It includes over 1000 yes I said one 
Sanity Saver!. I was reading about MY life the only differance is that I have twin girls and not boys and they are my only children. Bless her for having 
One for the summer reading list.. What was Dangerous about this summer? Two matadors, related by marriage, entered the ring to establish himself as the greatest of Spain s matadors 
The Toyota Product Development System. I found Morgan and Liker s new book The Toyota Product Development System to be an excellent discussion of the key fundamentals that are missing 
The Greatest Book Ever. This book really explains it all, right down to the basics of fasting and in great detail the physical effects of fasting which is why I 
Consice overview of who is who. I used this book as a textbook in the classroom. I highly recommend this to anyone who wants a quick overview and to use 
Excellent beginner s book on Vedic Astrology. This book is very clear and concise. I always wanted to learn vedic astrology and tried to read a couple of books on 
Hilarious!. I had to keep myself from laughing out loud in the library. I got such a kick out of Nancy growing older, and still sleuthing like a teenager. I 
Best book on organizational change available. This is necessity for any personal library! I am a PhD-ABD doctoral candidate and have done vast research on organizational change over the past 
Enjoyable, but . . . I have several of these such books, so my expectations maybe considerable.It was enjoyable with good pics, but there seems to be a trend in 
Aces on the update!. This update is aces! The added information on pregnancy lactation safety came just in time I had just started the L&D rotation . The Quick Look-up 
Really Positive!. There is a card for everyone in here, and gentle reminders to love ourselves and be kind to ourselves as we learn and grow  
An Intelligent Guide of Reason, Tradition, and Catholicism. G.K. Chesterton has disturbed this reviewer again. This reviewer has read Chesterton s books with the view of critisizing his books and 
Dr. Grinker, does this count as class participation?. I admit I had to buy this book for class. But it s easiliest one of the most interesting &quot;textbooks&quot; I ve 
The first systematic articulation of McLuhan s thoughts. Marshall McLuhan s contributions to media theory are mostly dismissed in two phrases - the first one hardly his major contribution - 
Good Beginner. I didn t have a clue about the stock market before I read this book, although I was interested. I picked it up from the library by accident, 
Historical fiction meets Sci-fi. I picked up this series having run out of other science fiction series books LOR, Wheel of Time, Song of Fire of Ice, Shannara, Sword of 
This Book Is Really Good. Before i read this book, i know rocks just is rocks.But after i read this book, i know rocks is very important for my life.This 
One Day in the Woods Book Review. One Day in the Woods and One Day in the Tropical Rain Forest are both books by Jean Craighead George. They are both 
time to sing along. This book and audio gives us alot of fun. We already know theenglish tune and we just sing along in Italian. The grandchildrenlove it and laugh 
good and comprehensive. This is a very comprehensive book on what Jesus said to the world. The chapters are easy to understand and there is a lot of information in 
360 degree perspective. Alliance Competence provides a 360 degree perspective on business alliance. It captures both the difficulties & opportunities involved in developing business alliance. It also outlines the resources 
Construction Classic !. This book is a legendary classic in the field of general construction and is a must for personnel involved in construction management, general contracting and professional consulting. 
Create an artistic and functional kitchen. Want to create a kitchen which is artistic as well as functional? Look no further than Alex Wilson s Kitchen Culture: Reinventing Kitchen Design, 
brilliant. Whether it be Genesis as a parable for the agricultural revolution, or our mistrust of politicians and bureaucrats as a sign of impending change, this book provides insights into 
Brings statistics tools to life with interesting applications. The purpose of this book is not so much to teach probability and statistics - there are many good books on those 
Was a hit as a birthday gift. I got this for my husband s birthday lat year and he totally loved it. We followed the news on these two and 
Great book - got everything working took a while . I ve been working on getting my RedHat Fedora 3 working with LAMP. Finally I sat down and spent some 
great insights. Self-promotion in the music business is key to a successful career. There are very few other passions that require as much effort be put towards selling one s 
Perfect if you want a workout with no stops for instructions. I bought this for the two workouts. I have several Pilates videos. But once you know what you are 
A 20th-century wit at her finest. Having finished this wonderfully strange and spare novel--about an unorthodox teacher at a conservative girls school in Edinburgh of the 1930s and her devoted 
very helpful. With this book as a recent purchase I would have to say its one of the best. I diagnosed with LE in the right leg 6 months ago 
Fascinating Journey. This true-to-life novel was fascinating to the end. This book delves into the minds of each person and gives an idea of what they were going through and 
One of the best books of all time. I adore this novel and the Baroness writing style. I ll admit that I chose this version for its cover, but had 
Great recipes, great food. I tried some of the recipes already and have been impressed. I tried the Sunday Gravy, Lasagna, and Ricotta pie with pineapples. I look forward to 
Excellent!. From Planeta Journal - For visitors to Mexico City, obligatory visits include the National Palace, Bellas Artes and the Supreme Court -- all places where one can see the 
Great Go book. Best boook on Go I have read so far, clear and concise and the book flowed very well, making understanding concepts eas  
Wonderful Children s Book. I had this book as I was growing up only 14 short years ago and still remember it as a wonderful book and an enjoyable companion 
Interesting History, Great Books!. I have the original 1-59 books, given over the years as Christmas presents. These make greats collector s items, and I love every story. These first 
Missing section to Basic Economics . This book seems more like a missing section from Basic Economic, than its own separate work. I think reading this book in tandem with 
Nietzshe Explained. This is the most lucid and entertaining explanation of Nietzche s thought and life that I have ever encountered. Philosophical goobledygook is virtually absent and the essence of 
There are other Roosevelts other than Eleanor and Alice. This was a pretty well written biography of the women of the Roosevelt family. It includes TR s mother and sisters 
Epic. If Puhn s &quot;How to make your car handle&quot; is practical and straightforward then RCVD is marvellously comprehensive and thorough. Casually flipping through it you might be deterred by 
A Comprehensive Understanding to Purchasing in the Hospitali. This textbook succinctly outlines and dicusses purchasing processes in the hospitality industry. It is therefore essential for any nonpurchasing agent who wants 
A Fabulous Friendship!. I came across this gentle book while shopping for gifts for my daughter s 6th birthday. This is a book about friendship and that is a very 
Everything Good in Our Lives. Quilts represent everything good in our lives -- love, comfort, generosity, warmth, home, memories, creativity, beauty. Heavenly Patchwork explores the meaning quilts have in the 
Best book ever!. this was the best book i have ever read in my entire life! it really made me think about were all this stuff we use in our 
Another very enjoyable read. FUN! FUN! FUNI love the chemistry, the eroticism, the wit and the suspense. Very fun read that will make you want to come back for more 
What The Novel Generation X Wanted To Be. I had this discussion countless times with a friend of mine in high school, and I know there are those who strongly--even 
Fantastic. This was fantastic; I read it in 3 hours. I could identify with the stories, and I feel like I could have written the whole book. I d also 
Better than the last. I have read the other translations. Red Pine not only got it right, he also got all the hidden messages. He went to the cave. This 
Quick, weekend read...cozy up!. I had left Danielle Steel a long time ago, this book was a nice comeback for me. The depth at which she is able to describe 
 Autobiography of a Yogi . Autobiography of a Yogi is a must for anyone irrespective of religion or race who has the strong desire of understanding spiritualism and experiencing 
best memoir i ve read. this is the best memoir i ve ever read. long, but every page was enjoyable. if you think this outstanding book is boring, it speaks 
The Art Of The Fix. If you are buying the classic book after seeing the excellent movie starring Robert Redford, you ll be in for a surprise. And please realize 
History and explanations of the photographic methods. Photographer Jim Marshall captured some of the most notable musicians in historic candid shots still remembered today: Janis Joplin with whiskey bottle and 
Very cute. Alice Adams was funny and definitely some good quality writing. At first I thought it might be too old-fashioned since it was written in the early 1900 s, 
Recommended for all Martial Artists. Each page has about six pictures showing progressions of the various techniques. Some pages have four pictures and some have eight or nine. Description headings 
I love this damn book... There is nothing wrong with this book. It s not too long. It s not hard to read. It s perfect. I read this book 
This will send a chill down your spine. This is a classic vampire tale. An innocent school girl discovers that her father has harbored a deep dark secret, in fact 
One of the Best. This book is so touching to both young and old. It gives comfort to little ones, and is a joy to read. The illustrations are precious. 
Ideas you can put to use right away!. The best part of Mark LeBlanc s book is that his ideas are ones that can be put to use immediately. One 
Yes, it s true!. I m in love. Strength. Courage. Integrity. Character. Intelligence. Thick, luxurious hair--er, fur.If you like something that grabs you and holds on, Coble s Without a 
good map. I have the Long Island version and now this one. Nice big print, only issue is matching the roads when they go off the page.  
Surprisingly good. I used to own this book over 20 years ago, and because I have been doing some work on chassidic stories based on those I have heard and 
Great, Workable Ideas For Realizing Happiness Today. The premise of It s All in Your Head is that we already have everything we need to be happy, because the secrets 
Changes Goals. This is an awsome book, it has helped me make changes in my life. I realized that if I want things to change--I must change. This book will 
looks good, but has stories included in other collections. This books looks real good, it is very large and weighty. I ordered it specifically to get the Alastair Reynolds story 
Looking Muhammad in the eye.... Robert Spencer has done it again, producing another highly readable but scholarly treatise on the most important issue of our time - the struggle of 
Making the WALK Simple. Da Jesus Book is great for everyone. It brakes the Word of the Lord down on a level that makes it so easy to understand. The 
Useful book for drummers. I ve often enjoyed John Riley s columns in Modern Drummer magazine. He really knows how to present information in an accessible way. The charts are 
Stunningly Beautiful and Truly Informative. I am an avid grower of amaryllis and have been collecting every article and tip I could find on this lovely bulb for over 10 
Engaging, Enlightening and Entertaining. I can t begin to tell you how much I enjoyed this book. Abani s characters leap from the page. It s a stunning book and 
Self-Watering Container Gardening for Dummies!. This book provides a thorough and thoughtful explanation of vegetable gardening in self-watering containers. While Mr. Smith seems to make a point of not endorsing 
Excellent informative reading for beginners in Adoption reaserch.... This is one of the books that you can say Don t judge it by its cover . When you see it 
Correction to misapprehensions. In response to Melcanthon s scathing review, I feel it s necessary to correct some of his her, ahem, corrections. While Zwingli wasn t an Anabaptist capital 
I would give all of his books more than 5 stars if I could!. If you want a book that will take you back to the country life and its 
There has never been such a telling literary work... If you ve been reading these reviews, you ve started to notice a stark polarization of opinions and that they tend 
Everything you need to know to save money or reuse Stuff. This is an easy-to-use guide for anyone who is looking for a quick reference on a variety of subjects. 
Informative & easy to read. I am fairly new to using the neti pot. There are some great websites that show video on how to properly use the neti, and 
This is EXACTLY what I was looking for!. After purchasing this book over a month ago, I have attained the necessary tools and techniques to be able to create complex 
Well Done. Sad Cypress is a Hercule Poirot story that even many Christie fans don t remember which is a pity because it contains two unusual features. First, you have 
Lovely Novel. I loved the characters and atmosphere in this novel. What a talented author! The story of this young girl is one of the most moving I ve ever 
Yeats, a Poet, even in Prose. This book was great. It is a expose of Yeats evolution from a writer to a better writer to a Master over a span 
fun and informational. Although the author s bio stated she was NOT an expert sex counselor, she has obviously done this before! I read this book in preparation for a 
A decidedly mixed review. This is an important, thoughtful, well-written book that I didn t really like very much. On the one hand, it analyzes the current political economic situation 
Kafka s Complete Shorter Works. This book contains almost all of Kafka s literary works, save his full length novels.Kafka s writing is representative for a large portion of modern 
Don t dismiss this book because a Hollywood celebrity wrote it. As it says in the forward, yes, the medical community should catch up with Suzanne Somers. Hormones are a 
Alison Clarke for President!. Everything you wanted to know about Tupperware but were afraid to ask. Entertaining, culturally illuminating and chock full of amazing photos, check it out...Tupperware ROCKS  
Happy, angry, sad, excited, and fear is how I felt reading. I do not read too many books. The books that I do read really have to keep my attention. 
Like Holding Someone s Hand on the Way to the Audition. Great tips for those who want to be working actors. At first I perused this as a library book, 
Great and FUN story - but I would recommend talking with your kids about it too!. I LOVED this book as a kid and re-read it as an adult to 
Really Great Book about the Great War. I m 58 years old and I m a Vietnam Veteran and proud of it . But ever since I was a pre 
Nice addition to the vegetarian library. This book caught my eye at a gourmet cook shop. The illustrations are as luscious as the recipes. While there are many &quot;new&quot; vegetarian 
That s not okay... but I can do this instead. Good manners and teaching your child ways to verbally express themselves rather than hitting, squeezing, scribbling, sticking out their tongues 
Lights, Camera, Murder!. Magdelena Yoder, proprietor of the PennDutch Inn in the Mennonite country of Pennsylvania, is surprised when a Hollywood film crew leases her bed and breakfast to shoot 
If you only buy one book on opera... This is a great book for the opera novice or seasoned opera affectionado. Going to an upcoming opera? Reading the synopsis will 
COLORS book. We have had the Colors book for many months now and my daughter now 19 months continues to enjoy it. She loves the gold stars page and the 
Music Supervision will impact your career. This book had a direct impact on my career. From the multiple books that I have read on building a career in the music 
Great Book. I believe this will be very helpful for Christian People to understand who God is through the life  
 Perhaps the string that is easiest to pull first.... . Previously, Schwartz wrote The Art of the Long View as well as The Long Boom which he co-authored with 
Book review of Isaacson s Benjamin Franklin. As suggested by its title, Benjamin Franklin: An American Life portrays the life of one of America s greatest Founding Fathers, Dr. Benjamin 
Very informative book, but the authors ride the fence. I thought that this was a really interesting textbook. The authors reveal the message of each Old Testament book, while discussing 
Good Coverage. This is an exceptional introduction to Unix features that most people won t see in every-day programming. The feature that Rochkind starts with may be the most problematic: 
A Top-Notch Reader for Beginning Student of Spanish. This second edition of Tardy s book is excellent for the beginning student, whether she be in a class or learning Spanish 
best book ever about dogs behaviors. This was a very informative book about dogs behaviors and how they see the world. Any person who wants to work with dogs will 
The Three Musketeers. The Three Musketeers is a great book. It has a lot of action and mystery. The story is about a young man named D Artagnan who wants 
Great SQL Server 2005 Programming Book. I am a student who major in Information Systems. I think this is a great book for IT students or anyone who want to 
Does art reflect or shape culture?. Bombardment, barrage, curtain-fire, mines, gas, tanks, machine-guns, hand-grenades - words, words, but they hold the horror of the world. All Quiet on the Western 
 There were five literary Brontes. . This book is subtitled The essential reference to their lives and work . I m not sure that I agree with the word 
A MUST FOR Daddy s and Daughters EVERYWHERE!. This book is wonderful! The art work is bright and colorful and my kids just love the pictures. The words are beautiful 
Like sound Engineering and design?. Excellent book on sound design and engineering. It will teach you how to convert from hexadecimal numbers. Good Computer science skills. Also, there is an 
Compelling accounts of tragedy!. This book gives four informative, exciting, compelling accounts of the Titanic tragedy. The Lightholler report, being the only survivor amongst the senior officers &amp; quite liberally 
Thought-provoking and highly recommended. War by Other Means is a must-read for anyone who wants to be a well-informed critic, supporter, or observer of the Bush Administration s response to 
A diet I can live with. I needed some guidelines to just feel better about what i was eating. This book is a pleasure to read and gives a common 
One of the best Aromatherapy guides to own!. The Encyclopedia of Aromatherapy by Chrissie Wildwood is one of the most complete guides to Aromatherapy. If you can only buy one 
best how-to-book on photojournalism hands down. The book is clear and practical. It goes beyond the normal basic photography skills and gets into the real grit of photojounalism  
Wow!. This is a really good book for those of you who like to write but just can t get anything to come out right. I read it and saw 
Knowledgeably and expertly written. Knowledgeably and expertly written by the winner of a lifetime achievement award from the American Homebrewers Association, Dave Miller s Homebrewing Guide is an all-encompassing and 
Cathedral Builders Never Work Alone. Shore has taken the concept of community investment to the spires. The analogy he draws between those who envision a community worthy of its members 
Celebration of Woman s Fantasies. Friday intended for My Secret Garden to be a candid celebration of woman s fantasies.A ground breaker. As with any book that dwells on such 
How can this book be out of print!?. Barton s careful method and artful writing combine to create a powerful primer on the actor s responsibilities to the text, the 
A Great read!. If you are a Phantom fan, this book is the one to read. Great background plus the rest of the story of Christine and Eric.  
An easy introduction to Bioidentical Hormones. I have been treating patients with bioidentical hormones for many years without having many books I could recommend to my patients. I was glad 
Excellent first novel. I was surprised by how much I enjoyed this book. I sat down and read it in only two sittings and couldn t put it down. Ms. 
ONLY THE BALL WAS WHITE. This is a very good book to read. The title of the book tell a whole lot about the book. Stories told through the book 
The Best Home Owner s Journal Out There. I purchased 3 Home Owners Journals from different companies and found this one to be the best. The journal breaks down each 
Good Poker read. If you follow poker at all, this is a must read. Andy Beal is obviously a smart man since he was capable of earning the fortune that 
very useful handbook. Very helpful book in engineering job, but unfortunately I ve found some mistake the reason for 4 stars .In general you can find lot of formulas in 
For Healthier Baking!. Many of us are familiar with King Arthur flours and baking advice and some even their previous two award winning cookbooks. What we didn t have from 
Super Buddhist. This sutra is the pinnacle of Mahayana propagandist persuasion. Vimalakirti is depicted as the supreme example of bodhisattva, possessing super-buddhist abilities and supernatural powers. In fact in some 
Success Story. I have not only read this book, but have also met Mr. Rosner the author. In fact he gave me the book because he diagnosed my daughter with 
Women through the eyes of a clueless man. If you understand that all the action and thought in the novel is through the main male character than you can understand 
Duke, We Miss You!. After reading this book, I got the impression that John Wayne was a very typical father, considering the era he was born in, and was like 
A Page Turner!. Thomas Hines is one of the best professors at UCLA; his classes on architectural history remain some of my very favorites from my four years at the 
I Know This Much Is True... this novel shines. A touching, sometimes heartbreaking story of a man and his identical twin brother. While this is a long book, you ll 
God Calling Journal. This is the fifth year I have been doing this Journal. Every year it has something new that speaks to my heart.This journal has been one of 
an engrossing book. this will hold your attention and is an unusual story of how both germans and jews conspired to save a holy man. it makes one realize that 
Who proofed this book?. This is a thoroughly enjoyable book. Dave Benbow has produced yet another light, soft summer read. My only problem with it, as you might guess, is 
An excellent book on systems and whole systems thinking. This is the last book written by Dr. Deming before his death in 1993 at the age of 93. Dr. Deming 
Insightful!. Sidney Homer and Martin L. Leibowitz, the authors of this slim volume, accomplish a tough feat. They utter a piece of rudimentary financial advice in one sentence and then 
Kiss the Girls Review. James Patterson never fails to impress as any of his many fans will probably tell you. This time, to no one s surprise,he does it again, 
A must-have. Japanese Homes and Their Surroundings is a great book. If you ve any interest in traditional Japanese architecture, get this book. Edward Morse was an American who went 
Strong Stuff. This book is so wonderfully written. As others have said, it is an unflinching self-examination. Gantos freely acknowledges his own shortcomings. Better still, he does not self-aggrandize his 
Another view of the Arthurian Legend. I love this book and can t believe it s actually out of print. The author s spin on Medraut Mordred-I wouldn t say 
Great servoce. I received the book in timely fashion, in good condition. Thank you  
I Was A Rat ! By Allen M. Koshy. This is a fantastic book about a boy although a little bit ratty comes to a couple named Bob and Joan.They 
Picturesque and memorable. Styron raises enough intriguing issues and questions that A Tidewater Morning could have been a full-bodied novel. Instead, we are treated to three short stories that, while 
Helps you sort through emotion and logic. The thought of hiring someone to help in the house brought up a swirling mixture of emotions, making it hard to logically decide 
Fabulous!. This is the most hilarious play I have ever read, it is one of the better comedies out there. If you have a chance, go read it or watch 
Pure pleasure. This is one of McCarthy s most delightful books, although it may also be her least controversial. VENICE OBSERVED might be the best single travel book ever written 
Authentic Self. After reading this book I realized how my belief system was consistently falsifying the truth about my perceived images of power and how I have allowed myself to 
Good Book. This is a gret read for anyone who is a civil war & or history buff. Great character developement, plot, rate-overall an easy read about a topic which 
Good Introduction. I already believed in predestination before I read this book. I have had several arguments with passionate friends about free will. I am a big fan of Evangelism 
Every Teacher Must Read This. Great Philosophical ApproachGreat Practical ApproachThe 2 often don t go hand in hand; however, in this book they do. Read this with an open mind 
Ever Lasting. I ll admit, the book gets off to a slow start - like the first 400 pages are slow.But, if you can make it that far, the novel 
Timely Shipping; not as new as I wanted. It got to me fast but wasn t in as new condition as I expected - i.e., it may not have been 
Read more like a military biography of Arnold. I enjoyed reading Benedict Arnold s Navy which covered the early years of the American Revolution in the north. Here for the 
I dig Freud!. Yes, it s true that he pretty much reduced everything to sex in some way or other. But if you go beyond that little foible then you 
Julie and Romeo. I m on the road to reading all of her books now. This one was great  
A mouth-watering wealth of recipes. Expertly compiled and co-authored by food culture experts Jeffrey Alford and Naomi Duguid, Mangoes And Curry Leaves: Culinary Travels Through The Great Subcontinent is a 
good set of bedtime stories ... I haven t read this book cover to cover. But, I have been flipping through a few of its pages and have been jumping 
A Little Dated. I really admire Jane Brody, but some of the material in this book is 4-5 years old. In the fast paced world of integrative medicine, some info 
Great!. If you ve ever fell in love with a movie and love reading &quot;screenplays&quot; you will love this book. It contains some of the best movie plays ever! Such 
Night. Night is Wiesel s personal memoir, which relates his personal story before and during World War II, as he and his father are separated from his mother and sister 
An okay book on a big topic!!. This book was okay. For the most part, it was good in covering certain subjects like warfare history and religion, but it also 
Folktale Fun..... Sharon Arms Doucet brings three &quot;trickster tales from the Louisiana bayou&quot; to life in this marvelous collection of Cajun, Creole folklore. Meet Compere Bouki. &quot;...He owned a farming 
Cryptic and Wonderful. With this collection of subversive essays, Jacques Derrida exploded onto the scene of post-modern philosophy in Europe and the US though he didn t have a doctorate 
 The rules of normal life are suspended when there s a violent death . The bucolic, rustic village of Three Pines, in the Southern region of Quebec is last 
A Book You ll Really Use. There are some books you read and then put away and there are books you ll use. This is one you ll use. Swain 
Love: Complicated. Shakespeare s comedy, Much Ado About Nothing, can have only a positive effect on its audience when read. His use of verbal sarcasm and intellectual farce turns the 
Excellent!. When war broke out in 1939, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt quickly issued a proclamation, making it illegal for any American citizen to join a warring power s military. Thankfully, 
great illistrations. This book had great stories in it and very good illistrations although few in book  
The Essential 55. This is a great book. The author shows that if a person really takes time, anything is possible with children. His rules are basic manners that are 
my uncle grease. its a masterpiece. but anything gray says you can take it to the bank. absolutely marvelou  
Not your typical diet book thank goodness! . This book is fanatastic and a wonderful departure from the typical weight loss book. The women who contributed are courageous, witty and 
The Chip Leader shows his strategy. This book is a wonderful glimpse behind the curtain at one of the most advanced software development firms in the world. Renowned for hiring 
Really enjoyed! Great story, unusal characters. Gone South is one of the few books I keep around for a re-read when I m out of fresh ones. It s full 
A gambler writes about life on and behind The Strip. Marc Cooper s book is a collection of essays about Las Vegas. The first quarter of the book is a 
Cool!. The history of Ancient Rome for only 12 bucks. Not too bad  
Everyone Should Weat A Hat. A misbegotten woolen stocking becomes a hat when it gets stuck on the prickly head of a hedgehog. Hedgehog feels silly, is full of excuses 
Terrific Resource. This book has both historical and practical info. I loved it. I don t understand the comments that say you can get the info for free on base. 
Excellent and Highly Recommended!. Very informative and well-written. This book is well worth the money. Explict, modern and specific  
Complex and involving. This is one of a series of books which features Dr.Alex Delaware, a young, handsome and wealthy psychologist. At a rather ritzy party, he meets Sharon, an 
A very thorough review of Italian politics since unification. In this book, I got exactly what I wanted: an understanding of the actors, events, and movements in Italian political history 
Dream becomes nightmare of white power. Another great book by an intelligent observer of the hopes and failures of the civil rights movement for blacks, run mostly by whites with 
bizarre masterpiece. Strange and sad, this epic multi-year tale of loss and obsession is one book you will not easily forget. Behm creates a cold and abusive world where his 
Merck. Excellent manual. Comprehensive and has great index for finding topics. Recommended for all farmers, ranchers, vets  
Under the Quilt of Night. I use this book on a reqular basis with my 5th grade class when we are discussing slavery and the Underground RR. It is an 
Really Good. I think that this was a really good book. In about the first half of the book, it is the story of Bobby and the strange new neighbor 
Another Welty Treasure. Here, as in all of her fiction written in the first person, Eudora Welty s grasp of voice and place is nothing short of amazing. She is 
A great read.... in that wonderful slow moving, half reality - half fantasy Spanish tradition.Beautiful use of language and imagery.  
What a Find!. Michael Solomon s Conquering Consumerspace is a tremendous resource for an entrepreneurial, marketing novice like me. It conveys everything I need to know about branding and navigating 
Great book. I read this some years ago when it first came out. It was a fascinating read. Now I am trying to buy a copy of my own so 
Outstanding text and reference. A must have for students and researchers in the field of environmental chemistry. This text pulls together fundamental concepts regarding fate and transport of organic pollutants 
Emerson s prose are pure poetry and brilliance. Emerson is to the literary world in America as Lincoln was to the political world in the 1860 s. His stature as 
enjoyable read. The wonderful autobiography entitled, The Road From Coorain, written by Jill Ker Conway is a must-read! Her engaging and rich detail gives an enchanting description of the Australian 
New British Art. This is the best and clearest text on the YBA [Young British Artists] phenonomenon of the 1990s - required reading for anyone who is interested in Damien 
A SURPRISE PACKAGE!. I had seen a self-portrait done by Marlene Dumas in an art book and it blew me away. I did not know who she was or her 
Ground-breaking book. This was the first book I ever read in the cyberpunk style, and my what an eye-opener it was. Creative. Stimulating. Thought-provoking. Tour de force. And a great 
Excellent Edition of a Worthy Classic. Although not one of his more popular novels, Charles Dickens Hard Times still stands as a classic among classics. Carrying on with his highly 
Suspenseful classic. To give a synposis of this classic story would be repetitive. I will say I was suprised at how much I loved this book. I thought it would 
Great for teens; okay for adults. This series is probably fine for adolescents. It is definitely not as adult friendly as the great Dark Materials series. I read the first 
Thought Provoking. This book was very well written, it contains bits and pieces of journalistic facts while using the lives of ordinary people to show the impact of the bomb 
Marvellous wit!. edward sorel has one of the best drawings on the newpapers, and nancy caldwell, text is wonderfully wit! A high level humour  
I heart Rick Steves. Rick s Ireland book is well organized by region and focuses on inexpensive travel that helps you see the sites but get in touch with the 
Andrew Beyer s Mentor. This is clearly one of the best books ever written on Thoroughbred Handicapping. It should become evident soon after the opening chapter how complex and laborious 
The Journey Ends. The final volume of Lord of the Rings, this novel is by far the most exciting and adventure-packed of the three. The epic battles are displayed vividly, 
Another solid entry into this wonderful series. The Ionian Mission is the eighth book in Patrick O Brian s colossal Aubrey-Maturin series, and it is a solid entry . . 
Time. Entropy. Order versus Disorder, structure versus chaos, these are the forces that we all deal with, and Andy Goldsworth displays this primal struggle elegantly in this beautiful new book. 
Always Brilliant!. Gary Larson never ceases to amaze me. I ve been a religious follower of The Far Side for as long as I can remember. I love the way 
Theres a crack in everything, thats how the light gets in!. This book cracks me up! The insights and the stories illustrated for me a reality that I was unsure 
Floods, Famines, and Emperors. This was a wonderful treatment of the effects of weather climate on ancient civilizations. I found the thesis rather intriguing, as I had not considered how 
Classic survey work, a standard, and easy to read. The original edition was published in 1951 translated from German , but has been updated from time to time. There are 
Extraordinary; a work of genius. These are true tales from a clinical neurologist s notebook, but this isn t just any neurologist. Oliver Sacks, author of the justly celebrated, The 
Another wonderful collection. Fans of the cartoon strip Dilbert have another wonderful collection packed with black and white and color cartoons alike. This is the author s 26th Dilbert book, 
A MUST Have For Any Baker!. I found this book in the library and today, after baking another pan of brownies, I had to own it! The German Chocolate Brownies 
AWESOME!. This was one of the best books that I have read in AGES! I plan to purchase copies as the PERFECT Christmas gift to get someone through the cold 
More Than a House. Through Forster s impressive command of the English language and advanced character development, the story of Helen & Margaret Schlegel unfolds. The sisters--who are highly educated, 
The Climb. I like this book alot. I bought it to compare the different accounts of the players involved in the 1996 tragedy on Mt. Everest. I read everywhere that 
Provides answers to questions on faith and values. The revised, expanded edition of Ashleen O Gaea s FAMILY WICCA: PRACTICAL PAGANISM FOR PARENTS AND CHILDREN updates a decade-old classic, pairing 
An Incredible Adventure. Rory Stewart s account of his walking trip from Herat to Kabul, Afghanistan one year after the fall of the Taliban is either an extraordinary act of 
A Decent Q and A Book... This book is an excellent source of abbreviated answers to questions that weak Christians may have at times with regards to issues in the 
Amazingly sexy!. I love this book, this is my first time reading her work and i found it amazing...it was the right amount of suspence with some seriouse sex involved. 
used it for a report. It had good information for my report in the back of the book. It had true history of the ride. I liked the illustrations. My 
An enlightening read about gay life. Touted as the first major novel in Britain to put gay life in its modern place and context, The Swimming-Pool Library did not disappoint. 
Best cookbook I own. We have dined at Blanchards in Anguilla several times and it is by far our favorite restaurant in the Caribbean. How thrilling to find out we 
Licking my chops. I loved the author s self-deprecating humor as she tells the story of her love of French food and shares the wealth of information she has gleaned 
Second Edition available - click on other editions. The second edition of this title was released January, 2006. However, Amazon.com takes most searches to this page for the old edition. 
A Breath of Fresh Air. A wonderfully cogent analysis of the extremely destructive results of the belief in Johovah, Yahweh, Allah--basicly the monotheistic male god. For those happy with the 
This Trane Carries Passengers. John Coltrane s approach to jazz was often compelling, sometimes off-putting, occasionally dry or detached, but always educational. This volume offers guitarists and not just the 
The Maker s Diet. A copy was given to me. I liked it so much I gave a copy as a gift  
Awesome book!. If you are interested in truly learning arabic throughly or need an aid for arabic class this is the book. It is very detailed in its explanation, but 
helping hand. any time a book comes out that can help the average home owner to the professional with something that has to be done any where is some thing 
An Extremely Valuable Book!. This was one of the most practical and useful books I ve come across for product designers and team leaders. I ve already implemented several of 
Multi-cultural. Wow! I m so relieved to find a potty-training book with photos of boys AND girls, black & white & Asian. And no constraints about what you call voiding 
Truly a great read, but pornography it is not. I love the review before mine by ComicCostumes, the one line dis-- I ve read his other review of a japan 
Queen Victoria s Legacy. I stumbled on Liza Picard s books quite by chance. After looking at the publishing date in some of the books it is apparent some of 
This lovely presentation is a top pick for newcomers to Christian art history or theory. Titus Burckhardt s The Foundations Of Christian Art provides a fine illustrated edition of Burckhardt 
Oren has the last word. I give this book five stars due to its excellence, but not because I would recommend it to the general public. If you do not 
Portrait of Despair. Kafka is one of the greatest writers of the 20th century. He masterfulyl portrays the absolute meaninglessness of life in an existence devoid of any spiritual meaning. 
Something practical. This book is part of the Secrets of the Universe series.Reading the introduction makes you want to regurgitate. Even though the target reader grade is sit to nine, 
Wonderful - A spoiler in my review perhaps so be careful. This was a wonderful yet tough one for me. I listened to the audio version and wonder if because 
Accessible Artistry. This is the most down-to-earth, companionable book on writing and even living that you are likely to find anywhere. Ted Kooser s Laureateship and Pulitzer Prize gives him 
Love all of his books!. If your a master on your grill but need to add some different flavor now and then this is the book to get  
Great Crafts Book for Everyone. If you are interested in expensive, creative, easy, explicitly intructed craft ideas, you ll love this book. I am not a crafter , yet I 
Creepy... It seems to me that there is a very basic argument missing from the discussion about Under the Banner of Heaven: How is it that Joseph Smith founder of 
Historical fiction at its best!. Both of the little-understood groups featured in this book, Quakers and Native Americans, are portrayed with depth and understanding in this short account of a 
Excellent Book for health conscious food lovers!. This book is a proof that food that s good for you doesn t have to be bland. This is a must read 
A must read and practise book. The book is purely based on author s personal experience .Hence,it is reliable.Infact,it has changed my perception about nutrition and I have started adopting 
Super series!. I love the wit and witicism of Lawrence Block, as spoken and acted by his character, Bernie the Burglar or is it bookseller? . This book was so 
Fantastic Popular Treatment of the Darwin v. Design Debate. The Politically Incorrect Guide to Darwinism and Intelligent Design is an excellent introduction to the new and emerging Darwin vs. design 
Made Me Homesick. I grew up outside Amarillo, with many relatives in town. Our monthly trips to town gave me a very strong sense of what Amarillo was -- and 
If Art is of interest to you, read it!. I had to read this book for an art histroy class in college. When I felt how heavy it was, and 
Great ! Full of information not found in other books. I consider myself a Excel pro - I use about 6 hours a day to to order and manage 200 
Art is a healing process. My first glimpse into the world of Henry Miller has brought me a new highly admired author to read. Though Big Sur is reputed to 
Badly Needed Revisionism. Mr. Fleming has admitted that he had to abandon the prejudices of a liberal New Jersey upbringing to arrive at an objective assessment of FDR The New 
This one will win awards... The truth literally hits Jules Verne on the head, in the form of a cast iron skillet; it s time to find a new job. 
The poet laureate and patron saint of sane science. As a one-time practicing physicist now just an arm-chair physicist and lifetime music lover, I have found this beautifully-written little book 
The essense of the twelve principle Upanishads. If you have ever been intimidated by the multi-volume scholarly translations of the Upanishads, then this book is for you. I still marvel 
BEST yoga book for seniors. This body mind turned 60 last year. I have been practicing yoga off and on since 1975 and have started a yoga and meditation teacher 
Overall a pretty good read. This reviewer enjoyed this book. I can relate to Amy quite a bit. At times I would forget who was speaking and a bit confused, 
A COMMANDING NARRATION OF A CLASSIC. Although he made his audio book debut just two readings ago, stage, screen and television actor Michael Louis Wells is in full command of 
A wonderful story. All Creatures Great and Small was a wonderful book, definitely one of my favorites. It was about animals, which was what drew me to the book to 
Dark Eye is Luminescent. Bernhardt illumines the caliginous depths of the marred hominine psyche. Inspired by the oeuvre of Edgar Allen Poe, Dark Eye is sure to become the limen 
Thorough, progressive math for elem. teachers. This book contains multiple solid strategies for teaching mathematic concepts to children in elementary school. I never knew there were so many ways to 
Son of the Enlightenment, Father of the American and French Revolutions!. Author Craig Nelson has written a brilliant book about one of America s and the world s most talented 
Intense. William Monk, now an inspector with the Thames River Police is on a routine patrol of the river when he watches helplessly as the bodies of a young man 
Fun Ideas. This book was loaded with fun thoughts and stimulated other good ideas for me. We ve used it for company picnic ideas and staff meeting ideas. It think 
I reach for it every time.... This is the book that I consult each time one of my three kids or husband gets sick. It s organized by illness, and 
Powerful Collage of 19th Century Lives. Strong writing in a powerful collage of lives from 19th-century Ohio. Anderson strategically tells the stories he wants to tell, not the ones people 
Intense and tantilizing. I could not put this down. Just as riviting as Koontz s Intensity. If you like psychological thrillers, this one is for you. It s unbelievable how 
Love it!. I for one loved the Madeline books growing up and can still recite the first page to the book. I m 30 years old and about 5 weeks 
Sutcliff s most sophisticated children s book. Of all Sutcliff s books, this is perhaps my favourite. She returns to the familiar territory of Roman Britain in this novel about 
keep reading no matter how boring it seems. When I began reading the book, I thought it was a complete waste of money- the begining was just aweful. BUT, after 
women that are abused. I was aware that woman are abused but not to the extent that this bookenlightned me. It is a very real problem in todays world and 
Move over Bill Bryson, there s stiff competition. Assassination Vacation is one of the best books I ve read this Summer. Ms Vowell should take up teaching American history. Her 
The pictures are worth a thousand words. I an am engineer with a few semesters of physics chemistry background, and I found this book very difficult to understand and grasp. 
I remember it well. Goodnight Moon was a staple in our house; read evey night, shared at sleepovers, read for every nap that didn t seem to come. No viloence. 
A must read especially in view of the recent Holyfield Lewis. Don King is a bad, bad man. He controls boxing because he plays the race card better than OJ 
Rumble in the Jungle! Rocks!!. This book is beautifully illustrated. The vibrant colors invited my students to be actively engaged while we were reading it together. The rhyme scheme of 
Insightful light into prison. I thought the Hot House was a good look from a non judgemental perspective. I couldn t put it down and now my cousin who is 
A true master of exercise selection. I found the routines in this book to be excellent in terms of exercise selection, technique, appropriate volume, frequency, aerobics, diet, etc. I wonder 
Even though my Dad designed recent production,I LOVED IT!. I loved this play the first second i saw it on broadway. it gave me vibrations all over my body every 
Great cards! Lousy box! Who cares about the box!. These cards are GREAT. I had wondered why they were so expensive, but I hadn t realized that they re HUGE: 
Free from Cigarettes. I came across the Allen Carr s method while doing research on the internet. I saw a video on his website. I have smoked for over 20 
Another great look at the horrors of Antietam!. Seldom do we get a chance to read about civilians and their stories through out the Antietam Campaign. This book gives us 
Home on the Range. By the Shores of Silver Lake, by Laura Ingalls WilderThe family had not fared will in Plum Creek. The plague of locusts destroyed their crops one 
YOU must read this book that means everyone . Elijah Anderson has done an outstanding job of explaining the sociological, economic, and geographical factors that contribute to the mentality commonly 
A read for Academic and Non-Academic--Truly Authoritative. After reading John Gilvey s work Before the Parade Passes By I felt compelled to share some thoughts that I believe promote Gilvey 
Any library catering to religious or general leisure audiences will find it a popular lend. Carl has been taken to the Middle East and trained as an assassin through psychological 
Will you people stop WHINING???. In case nobody knows, writing books takes time. After all, it took Stephen King over 30 years to write The Dark Tower , and WOT 
Best pocket dictionary there is!. If you need a pocket dictionary, and I mean pocket dictionary, this is the one to buy. I tested many by looking for an uncommon 
The obvious Western classic. This book does a wonderful job at describing and invoking how it feels to be in the outdoor West--in the hot sun, on the barren mesas, 
Crochet Calendar. Worth the money but could have had more patterns. Not really one per day  
A wonderful, nontechnical physics book!. I ve taken 2 years of physics. One year in high school and one year in college. It seemed the main important concepts were never 
May You Live in Interesting Times. Or, in the case of Joe Nameth, be bigger that the times in which you live. The results of his guarantee of a Super 
Another excellent book by Connelly. A very good crime fiction book. Connelly fans should buy this book without any hesitation if you don t have it already. Why it s 
Couldn t put it down. This is the first book in what I hope is a long living series.Marisela is an ex gang member. She is the ultimate heroine. She 
Bravo. My husband and I lived and worked as development workers in Eritrea for two years and returned in 2004. It was difficult then to understand what exactly happened in 
Excellent Application of Probability Theory. John Earman has written a wonderful book that shows the value of using the precision of probability theory to bring clarity to a murky issue. 
Practical Magic @ Best. I think I loved this book as much if not more than I loved Dance Upon The Air . MacAllister Booke aka Mac was the perfect 
Excellent theory and some practical examples. This is one of the classics in the field of communities of practice, and deservedly so. I would consider it a must-read for anyone 
Amusing and poignant. A beautiful portrait of the inhabitants of Miguel Street located in a derelict corner of Trinidad s Capital Port of Spain. Set during World War II, the 
For the true O Brien aficionado s out there . . A wonderfully illustrated geographical guide to the complete series. Great for both historians and the geographically-challenged, this book enhances 
Excellent biblically based book. The author is a humble man who approaches discipling as a doctor seeking out the illness not the symptoms. A must read if you are discipling 
AWESOME!!!!! Finished it in one day!. I LOVE reading his books!I started reading this one at about 9am in the morning and finished it at 8pm the same day! Impossible 
Why on earth would anyone read this book?. Because Warren Buffet has a copy of it on his shelf.  
Great. This was a very good book. I read it in one 2 hour space one afternoon. I just couldnt put it down, but somebody said that the others in 
True west. A compelling story and fascinating artifact, this book feels almost too authentic, like a forgery. Highly recommended to anyone that wants to know what it was like when 
Bravo. Very nice compilation. It was an easy read, and for those that are interested in Buddhism, this is a good primer for them. I agree with one of the 
makes Harry look like a Boy Scout!. Not that there s anything wrong with Harry. But Lyra, rather than being portrayed as a slightly inept side-kick, is THE HEROINE. Her 
Optimists Daughter. I would recommend Optimists Daughter to anyone. This book is great! It is filled with realism. It shows the meaning of true friendship and how dealing with death 
atmosphere!. This book is so full of atmosphere! All of Venice in the summer. Lots of heat. Detailed characters and intimate moments of the lives they live, the food they 
Daisy favorite. I run HIV AIDS Education workshops for my Girl Scout Council. This book is part of the Daisy Kindergarten program. The girls love the story and the illustrations. 
to help clarify reviewer Heath Buckmaster confusion. I also love Rikki-Tikki-Tavi and remember it from when I was a little girl... and I also remember another story that I think 
meican flavors. very helpful in the kitchen, and explains the flavors of mexico very wel  
Great first 3 4, then it slips a little. I am a big fan of Mr. Philbrick, having thoroughly enjoyed his unforgettable story of the Essex, In the Heart of 
Highly recommended!. I was perhaps, more or less, curious when I picked this book up at a used book store a few years ago. As I read it - this 
Richard F. Burton. Richard Burton s world travels are not unique. From the paleolithic onward documentations of man s trekking have been found. Capt. Burton writes much about his travels. 
One of the BEST Mexican cookbooks around!. The one and only reason this book is getting 4 stars instead of 5 is the lack of color photographs. That is the 
B-BALL FOR THE BEST. Night hoops is the second best book on the planet,the first is Asphalt God.This book is awsome because it is about basketball the best sport on 
review of book. It was OK. A lot of good exercises. Except you have to haveequipment to go with a lot of the excersise, which I don t even know 
Simple, straight and good story for young child. I got this book, in fact, a gift set when my first-born was 11 months old. She is a year now and 
Can I give it a 5 rating? This is a recipe book for a clean house!. I love this book and have read and referenced it more than once. This 
A Challenging Perspective. This book is a must read for those who come from a conservative anglo-american background. It helped me to realize the way that my culture has often 
Let you head play. While I was reading the book, I realised how dramatically true it all was !!! It s an absolute must have for all golfers. Your approach 
Encyclopedic. Daniels, Bright, and their authors have done a great jobassembling in one weighty tome accessible summariesof the writing systems used by the peoples of the world --from the Sumerians 
American Trickster. First of all, I can t believe that no one has reviewed Mark Halliday s brilliant new book in this space before; the guy is fast becoming an 
An interesting spin to bring history into the present. The Man Who Walked Between the Towers is an incredible feat at dealing with a recent crisis and spinning it into 
Okay - For a start to a series. I didn t realize that Rowen was starting a series with this book. Now knowing that, I can be more generous rating 
A triumph. One of my real favorites. Poor Paris and Donald Ross !!A must for the collector  
A mentor to me. I had the opportunity to be exposed to the markets at a fairly young age. When I was twenty years old I had the honor of 
Amy Bergeron. Harry Potter and his friends return for their 6th year studies at Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardery. Harry, Ron, and Herimoine are tested as they endure their 
Red-Hot Lovers always exist. I very much liked Neil Simon s three-act play Last of the Red-Hot Lovers because this tragicomic play is also a psychological analysis of the middle 
Honoring the Mother of God. The Office of the Blessed Virgin is a gift to the Church. It is a comfortable alternative to the regular office for those of us 
Little Book, Powerful Words. I have given away several copies of this book and reference it in my presentations and small retreats. Similar to another reviewer with a charismatic background, 
Something Very Different... I read Mark Dunn s Welcome To Higby quite some time ago, and loved it. I ve had this book on my wish list for a couple 
Can Only Bring More Good into This World. I remember many of the examples in this book that created good and positive change. How just one small act makes a 
Excellence for all life s pursuits. Mind Gym is one of my favorite books to pickup whenever I need a little inspiration and encouragement. While the many stories and quotes 
TDNT - the reference par excellance for NT Greek words. Several of the other reviews listed by Amazon under this Volume 2 of TDNT by Kittel&amp;Friedrich seem to refer to 
A fascinating look at the mind of a really strange person. This book is not just a biography of Philip K. Dick, famous science fiction writer; the movies Blade Runner, 
Excellent! Love the templates worksheets in the back!. This book is so easy and straightforward. This book is definitely a keeper! Also I love the templates in the back, especially 
A higher level for writing and si-fi. Orson Scott Card became one of my favourite qriters becauso of these books. A couple of months ago, I read Ender s Game, 
One of Chip s Top Ten wordsntone.com . This book put my faith under judgment: does my faith lead to transforming the culture that surrounds me, or does it add 
I m 17 years old, it s summer, and...I m reading?!. Yup, that s right. My Dad discovered the Vince Flynn series a couple of months ago, and raved about 
A must-read. This is one of my favorite books of all time. It is of those must-reads and you will continually be thinking about its messages, long after you stop 
To Learn How to Make Bucks with your Camera, Start Here. This is a timeless guide to making and selling photos as stock to magazines, encyclopedias, greeting card companies, and 
Words Their Way is a great teaching tool... I am preparing to teach elementary school after having taught elementary band and my literacy teacher recommended this book. She knows what 
Even if you haven t seen the movie.... OK, I confess! I m probably one of the few people in the US who hasn t seen The Sound of Music 
Very conceptual!. I am a Public Policy student at the University of Chicago and used this book for an introductory Microeconomics course. Varian explains the concepts of Microeconomics well. Many 
SO HELPFUL AND FUNNY!. The idea for this book came from all the fun, interesting and informative emails Patty had written to us. I m so glad she listened to 
Satisfying insights not to be found elsewhere. CRAZY HORSE: A LAKOTA LIFE provides a fine survey of the famous leader who has become an icon of Native resistance. What is 
Anything by McCloskey is worth reading. When I was in grad school I had the chance to take a class from Deirdre [I would technically refer to McCloskey as Donald 
Good intro. Good introduction to Pa Kua. However, there is a lot missing. There is so much more to Pa Kua than what this book covers. It would also benifit 
Must read. This was the first book I bought based on a recommendation from a friend. This book shaped my decisions around choosing a natural childbirth. Even if I had 
A great book from a great author. I had the fortune of knowing Gary Mack personally when I was playing for the Arizona State s Sundevils men s tennis, back 
Crispin: The Cross of Lead. With no money, no clothes, no family, no friends, and for thirteen years, no name, how would you live your life? In Crispin the Cross 
Darling and meaningful!. I LOVE this book. What a simple way of viewing the process of breakups and of finding meaningful relationships! Great for readers of all ages  
Supremely Soulful. Pretty much an autodidact at poetry thus having utterly no pretense to credentials with which to browbeat those with different views I ve come to regard Emily as 
I love this book. Using this book is as simple as flipping through its pages to find a picture of the effect you want and then following the script below 
Hope he writes another one....... I thought this book was wonderful.....An easy read--perfect for curling up at night and reading a chapter or two--I didn t want it to end! 
A flawlessly produced, superbly narrated audiobook edition. The Pilgrim Of Hate is another Brother Cadfael mystery that takes place amid the intrigue and pageantry of medieval England. It s 1141 
A cornerstone on which to build good journalistic skills. The first edition of this book was used in a journalism program I took about 13 years ago. I found it 
The book that hooked me on J.A. Jance. This was the first Jance book I encountered. I decided to read it because it takes place in the town I live 
Follow the Drinking Gourd Is a Hit With 2nd Graders!. I used this book to help fulfill a story project requirement for my Children s Literature class at Kent State 
Great Intro........ ......this intro to John Keats is no exception to the Dover Thrift Edition collection of poetry books that introduce readers to certain poets or movements within poetry for 
Setting Up a System & Making It Work for You. I ve read dozens of books on getting organized and coping with clutter. I really like Morgenstern s method. She 
A must for every aspiring cook. This book was the first I ever had. My mother bought it for me when I got married. It was a mainstay in our 
Buy it if you can t cook...or even if you can!. I ve owned a copy of this book for MANY years.If you don t know how to cook - 
AWESOME!!!!!!. this book was amazing...i think it read it in 3 days, meanwhile being really busy. i recommend it to anyone who likes a little mystery:  
Excellent Book for Already Talented Readers. This is a terrific book for ideas all across the board! I bought this book after flipping through it at a friends and was 
An admirable though uneasy read ... I had no idea of the style or subject of Lucky until I started reading it: I d bought it purely on the strength 
Great!. Edgar Allen Poe 1809-49 is one of the most famous of American authors of mysterious and macabre stories, certainly the most famous 19th century one. The Pit and the 
Good Reference for Dealing With Depression. In my opinion, Minirth and Meier have written a helpful book on helping people deal with depression. While the authors certainly allow for heredity 
Work Your Circles. I do a lot of networking around town. It is often that I will meet people and share coffee with someone and then I will not continue 
Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry. Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry by Mildred D. Taylor is an inspiring story about the terrors of racism. The story is told by 
Far from perfect, or thorough, but a good read anyway.. A serious good read for anyone who seriously enjoys music. If nothing else, it ll bend your mind to alternate 
Atwood at her subtle, evocative, and understated best. Like many readers, my first experience with Margaret Atwood was The Handmaid s Tale, and she has been one of my favorite 
An accessible reference for students of alternative medicine. Advanced Pranic Healing: Practical Handbook For Healing With Color Energies presents basic instructions for beginners who want to learn the technique of 
the greatest. I am sorry I did not look for study aids b4 studying for the final exam. This book explained much more than the class ever did. I was 
THE ORIGINAL TALE OF DINOSAURS IN THE MODERN WORLD. This is Conan Doyle s original tale of dinoasours still alive in the world. The setting is a plateau deep in 
Leonardo did it!. As an atheist I m one of those that was satisfied after reading this book as far as accepting that the shroud is a fake and that 
Field Guides. As a fairly experienced science writer - http: www.sciencebase.com resume.html - I didn t anticipate learning any news tricks from this book, but it s well worth checking 
Status Anxiety. The author provides a wide breath of historical and cultural information. The book is an invaluable resource for anyone who is not caught up in the pursuit of 
Excellent book, original recipes, clear instructions. I borrowed this book from a university library and wound up ordering it online. It is true that the majority of the recipes provide 
GREAT BOOK AND WELL DOCUMENTED. WONDERFULLY RESEARCH AND A GREAT KNOWLEDGE BASE BOOK. IT GAVE ME A NEW UNDERSTANDING OF MEDICAL STUDIES AND DEVELOPMENTS  
A Collection. Nine Stories is a collection of stories written by J.D. Salinger, that were published in other media before he made his mark in literature. Collected in this popular 
B is for Brilliant. I love this book! I have read A-C so far, and this is my favorite book so far. It has a really strong plot, and a 
Fun resource for intermediate Arabic students. It is true that you need to know Arabic script before being able to make use of this book. The pronunciation key for Arabic 
The Detective Series about Nothing. For years I was mystified by the popularity of Seinfeld, the comedy about nothing. Nothing of any substance ever happened, and the protagonists were a 
The weight of the cake. Set in England during WWII, The Ministry of Fear is the story of Arthur Rowe surviving but not truly living in the shadow of what 
Essential Gift for New and Long-Standing Parents. It s never too late to get with the program. See my primary review of The Five Love Languages for additional details. This 
Bonds epitaph. I love Victor Conte. You know, the way you love the bad guy in a great movie? You don t actually love him, but you love the character, 
Please tell me... Theonly problem with this book I would have to say is that the dress on the cover is amazing so amazing I can t find anyone anywhere! 
The Answer To All Of Your Questions... If you have a strong desire to learn what reality REALLY is, get this book  
Great Book!. This book is a love letter to anyone who has ever loved a dog.I too had a special dog and this book brought back many apecial memories of 
Funny but sadly true...Hightower for president!. Feeling disillusioned with the Democratic party, I turned to this book, and I am so glad I did. Hightower gives a rowdy look at 
An Adorable Picture Book. David Catrow has once again illustrated a wonderful picture book! If you enjoy the illustrations in, Stand Tall, Molly Lou Melon, then you will probably enjoy 
From a Different Angle. I concur with all of the other reviews about this book, excepting the reviewer who did not want to take the time to understand the Irish 
Can t think of a title. I wanted to think of a clever title but it escapes me. This book has been with me through the following years of age16- 
How can you NOT give this 5 stars?. Simply put, the best horror novel ever written  
A Handy Road Trip Guide. Whilst I didn t enjoy this guide as much as some of the other Lonely Planet books I have previously used, this was nonetheless a 
A book I ve needed for a long time. I know that Dummies books are supposed to be easygoing and offer a lighter tone than most, so I was surprised 
An interesting theory to explain the marvellous process of life. It took me almost my whole life to find this book. Richard Dawkins words describe a new way of viewing 
Miss Mary Bobo s Cookbook. I have to admit I m prejudiced because my family was from Lynchburg and I am a Bobo and a Waggoner. I pulled out the 
ONE OF MY FAVORITE LITTLE BEAR BOOKS. I felt the art work in this one was probably some of the best in the series and I did love the story. 
who is Lord Mordley?. A British noble? Or something more sinister? Who would review a cookbook, a book on Winston Churchill, and another on Japan? Wait - Mordley sounds like 
It will hold you to the end!. I have read and listened to this book many times and it still holds my attention till the end. Amazing twists and turns 
THE PERFECT CRIME EXCEPT... ...for the eye glasses forgotten in the possesions of the second victim. Such a small clue would be overlooked by everyone except Hercule Poirot. Even though 
with gratitude. Thank you Dr. Rosenfeld for your informative articles and books. You are available to all patients with your informative wisdom and advice. It is comforting to be able 
1999 Nora Roberts. This is mystery romance novel about stolen art and the mix of romance between the burglary and art proprietor. The secondary story of alcoholic brother and his 
A Break with Charity. A Break with Charity is an amazing and enlightening book. It brings you into the time of the Salem Witch Trials and makes you feel as 
Professional Opinion. The Encyclopedia of American History by Richard B. Morris is an outstanding source of information for the student of history or the professional educator. It contains factual information 
Childhood memories. I definitely recommend that you get this book for your children, nieces, nephews, and any other kids who play an active role in your life. I loved this 
philosophy rock star. i love it. liberalism is akin to nazism in it s refusal to question it s dogma of questioning dogma. and other gems. this guy is the 
Southern Dysfunctional Hospitality. Usually I could jump into an Eric Jerome Dickey book, but this one took awhile for me to get into but it was an okay read altogether. 
Wow-Inspiration & an awesome reference for pregnant herbalists. I am a novice herbalist, not an expert by any means, but herbs are definitely my first choice when it comes to 
Outstanding recap of the Cold War. As a person who spent 13 years of the cold war in Army Intel.- 6 in West Germany there when the wall fell , 
Excellent... Published as fiction, BUT was it fact?. Simply a great book.But! Was it fiction? Or was it a great way to release information gleamed through a real spy network 
an introduction into low-literacy in america. Having just finished the book for my Foundations of Literacy class in college I must say it gives a very good view of the 
This book has many merits. This book was originally a gift from my mother; we loved it so much we have bought copies as gifts also!The pictures are simple and 
Excellent Collection. I personally love The New Yorker cartoons, and they re the first things I read when I get the magazine. Therefore, the prospect of being able to have 
Beware cult apologists. A word of warning against cult apologists - see the review by Lucille M. Cozzolino. Her suggested reading by James Lewis and Gordon Melton is nothing more 
One of the best analyses on Israel and the Palestinians. A superb work based on history and fact, not on rhetoric. Told with both points of view and perspectives on 
Seasonal Recipes Using Seasonal Ingredients. Stone has caught this reviewer s attention and admiration via his TLC program. I find him to be an adept chef with great attitude, right 
Great resource and easy to read. Sharon Patton does a wonderful job placing African-American art and artist within the contex of the time in which it was made. She shows 
Great Way To Learn HTML & CSS QUICK!!. Unlike many other topics in the computer world, there are a lot of options out there on the real-life and virtual bookshelfs 
An all-purpose small business encyclopedia. Microsoft has really got a winner on its hands with this book. Its perfect for anyone who s starting a small business and needs a 
VEEEEEEEEEEERY Good!. Copper Sun was an exceptional book. I completely fell in love with it. The characters were well developed, the plot wasn t very predictable, and it gave me 
Excellent read for getting an edge in the admissions process. I d highly recommend this book to anyone who is considering applying to Top MBA programs. I applied to 3 
More Than A Bit Self Serving, But Still Enjoyable. Generally speaking, I don t like autobiographies. I find most of them to be self-serving manifestos where the subject settles scores 
Loved the book .....BUT. Awesome book. Great pictures. Great documentation of the history of the Harley s. But.....printed in China. Give me a break  
Great Book for everyone. This book is amazingly written as stated by my fellow reviewers but also has incredibly feeling and heart. It is timely and relevant to things that 
Small but powerful. I was amazed at how much information was packed into such a modest looking book. I read it twice and made so many notes. I borrowed this 
A must-read for anyone interested in learning about Africa. Mr. Jackson was not just an able scholar, but he was a notable writer. This book, as are his others I 
Fun &amp; Interesting!! 5 stars!!. This book is PERFECT for those just starting out in Reflexology. This book is informative, funny and extremely detailed! The books goes into much detail 
Lust and faith. I get so tired of this worn-out formula: 1 loser gets tangled up with a saintly married woman, 2 the woman has a spiritual epiphany due to 
good book. I am from Romania and the book arrived in about 2 weeks. I am very pleased of it, it has no damages, it arrived quickly and, most important, 
A slanted perspective on it... When I first read it years ago, and rereading it today, I find a lot in this book that is insightful and, moreso, true. The 
Absolutely Amazing. Once again, Radclyffe delivers a phenomenal story. This second book in her Honor series can t be beat. In this reader s opinion, this is her best series 
LIFE SAVING!. New parents: read this book! Parents of toddlers who won t nap are transitioning from a crib resist bedtime: read this book!!! It is research-based and the methods 
The best book!. I love this book! This was my favorite when I was a little girl. I just finished reading my 1975 printing that I had as a child 
Wow,Incredibly Inspiring,Great Teaching Tool About Practing God s Presence!. This book was so heartwarming.I loved how she takes us step-by-step through her walk with God,out of Islam into Christianity,from when 
No Fat. I have hundreds of joke books, collections of humorous essays, funny plays and screenplays. In each I have to wade through a lot of junk to get to 
FAST PACE, SUSPENSEFUL, GREAT READ. Carla Neggers has once again given us a story with great characters, fast pace dialogue,an intriguing, suspenseful plot, and as always a hero to sigh 
major book about the counter-culture. A major book about the counter-culture from W. Blake to nowadays. Beautiful analysis, perfectly framed by precise political thinking, it s a fascinating travel through 
A week is not enough.... Up to the usual Rough Guide standards, this is a great introduction to Venice. It s restaurant and hotel suggestions are good, but it really 
Good Family Reader. I like this book, partially because it was the first one like it that I had found. In fact I had purchased several copies for some of 
Thorough scholarship and somewhat prescient. This is an extremely pertinent book for the next millenium. It is also quite popular in policy circles inside the Beltway. It is an indeispensible 
excellent resource. Really good intro to ideas and concepts needed to redesign an organization in terms of its structure. Best if you already have some degree of experience in do 
Exceptional. Affecting, tough stories of hard luck cases told in a distinct prose that is challenging at first, but well worth the effort. Once you find his rhythm, you re 
Wonderful critique of Enlightenment France. Graffigny has been neglected too long. Her fictional heroine s commentary is as effective a response to the marginalization of women as Olympe de Gouges 
A Fortean Classic. Let me set the record straight- love the book, hated the travesty of the movie. To compare the movie with the book is much like comparing ancient 
Great Ideas, lousy CD technology. Feynman Rules! It is very annoying when 2 of the 5 CD s have skips the first time played Space Shuttle Challenger section especially fascinating 
I loved this book. Not only did I love this book, but it really has changed my life. I ended up going to a doctor because I was on anti-depressants 
Great book. Fascinating. I can t put it down. I agree with everything the other reviewers have said, but in addition I d like to know what Mr. Shevcehnko thinks 
Creative Propagation. I am a gardener of many years who has tried propagating plants with some luck. This book is wonderful. On my first try last August 1999 I took 
Wow. This book was outstanding and completely creepy at the same time. I truly enjoy Ms. Slaughter s books and look forward to the next in her series  
Hard-Rock Mining. Seven years ago I reviewed this book, as follows:It s your choice; build a rubble pile or a pyramid..., November 29, 1997Ms. Minto s book is a classic 
An Intense Read. James Scott Bell s Sins of the Father is a riveting legal suspense novel that grabs you from the opening paragraphs of the Prologue and doesn t 
 Junebug calling Peewee . Kip Russell wants to go to the moon, so he enters a contest. He doesn t win the contest, but he does win a space 
Splendid Continuation of a Splendid Tale. The characters are fantastic, intriguing and real. No lapses in the storytelling, it captures the reader and you re drawn in. It is an 
Thrilling...right down to the very end!. A bend in the road takes the reader on a journey that encounters heartbreak and sorrow, and ends with a chilling twist that is 
Love, Love Love This Book!. Funny In Farsi is a heartwarming story of a loving family learning about life in America. I loved this book on so many levels! It 
An introspective look into a different process of being a child. Not that I was gifted, but definitely the message about how we are rasied as children can effect our 
Hilarious!. One of my favorite books of all time, this book follows Bertie Wooster, dim-witted aristocrat and employer of the omniscient valet Jeeves, as he tries to evade the sappy 
Did everyone else who reviewed this book actually read it???. First of all, let me say that nowhere in this book do the authors advocate weaning by twelve months or 
Read This Book. I loved this book when it first came out years ago, and it still makes me laugh, as Jane Austin still makes me laugh. Fay Weldon is 
Great Book!. This book was very helpful to me. I had been out of school for 12 years before I took the GED exams. I studied on my own, and 
nonviolent action is not passivism!. I carry a copy of this little book with me wherever I go, and I ve reread it many times with great enjoyment. This is 
Treason? Tyranny? So what?. With all the blogging yammering going on about how Tom Tomorrow commits treason with his strip This Modern World , I just had to buy his 
Recommend!!!!. Excellent book. Well written. I teach high school kids and every student gave it great reviews. My school district is thinking of making it a recommended reading book for 
FUN - a great investment. My 9 year old daughter bought this with her own money. It has been something the whole family has enjoyed. Our favorite is storytelling with 
GREAT COFFEE TABLE BOOK. I found this book in a little store in a vacation spot. I thought is was the cutest, most unusal selection of dogs and sayings I 
MOST INFORMATIVE. This is one of the best books on this subject that i have ever read. Strongly suggest it  
I liked it. I m a big John Case fan, and this is not his best, but still an entertaining read. Recommended if you also like Dan Brown.  
Wonderful!. This book has excellent blends, and very helpful information on how to make the pillows themselves, what herbs to use and some great blends. Buy this book, get a 
Trumpeting for Trumpet of the Swan. A book with nearly everything going for it...animals, young people, science, fantasy, humor and a love story.....and written by one of the great authors 
An accessible balanced approach to drug action. This is the third edition of this book that I own. As a dual diagnosis counselor I have found this book to be 
Masterful review of USA Constitution. It is difficult nowadays for everybody to get an objective, nuanced opinion on USA, neither flattering nor biased against it. If I were to recommend 
David Brinkley s Final Good Night . Broadcast journalism lost one of its truly unique voices in 1998 when David Brinkley hung up his microphone for the last time. He 
Larger than life. The 10th story 9 novels, 1 novella in the In Death series gives readers a break after the emotional intensity of the preceding book, Conspiracy in Death.Instead 
One book CAN change your life!. I am astounded that one book could change the way I view my life! I read this book cover to cover and then reread 
What a prize The Prize is!. The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil, Money and Power, by Daniel Yergin. It is a fascinating history of the oil industry beginning with 
The Perfect Snow White. I read this book when I was seven years old and have never forgotten it. Having been raised with Disney, I had never known what a 
Good stuff to read. I have been able to find this book only with you. I need it for my university exam. Very good organisation even it s a little 
practical qnd classroom friendly. This book is a wonderful resource book for any Language Arts teacher. The key to successfully using it is to find out what the child needs 
A must if you are writing a business plan. THIS is the STANDARD.. must read before writing any serious business plan!!  
THE BEST BOOK SERRIES EVER. The Cat Who is the best serries ever full of humor wit and complexity,James Macentosh Qwilerin is a off beat repoter Billion air with his 
Thank you Mr. Powers !. Darn Amazon and their insidious book suggestions when it was first suggested I deleted it,it popped up again and I was hooked. This book is 
Excellent book!. An EXCELLENT book! Very highly recommended. I like the fact that Josh has used real world code in all the refactoring to patterns examples  
one of most interesting book about Fischer. I have 4 or 5 books about Fischer, but this one is different. It shows Fischer, the person. Seven contributors recalled their personal 
Extremely frightening ... I can t think of a better word that everyone else hasn t used yet. This is the master of Horror at his best  
The drive-in movie King in bed. This is an excellent book- scholarly and exciting to read at the same time! I was enchanted by each section, after each movie I 
Sustainable Leadership. Hargreaves and Fink take a deep look at school leadership. Charismatic leaders are not the answer. Building trust, focusing on learning, and developing distributed leadership at the site 
The law of unintended consequences. Dr. Sowell does a superb job of explaining the unintended consequences of well-intentioned, but incompletely thought-out public policy. as a highlight, Dr. Sowell details the 
Richly Matter-of-Fact in Its Presentation, Profoundly Scary in Its Implications. I admit approaching Karl Greenfeld s CHINA SYNDROME with a certain degree of skepticism, not about the course of SARS 
Heidi Chronicles and other plays. Heidi is the girl we all want to grow up and be or for our daughters to grow up and be. She has the strength 
Ken Jones Masterpiece. If you fish piers in California, you need to buy this book  
Packed With Knowledge!. Partha Bose has crafted an impressive volume that stands equally well as a work of interpretive history or as a contemporary guide to effective business strategy. Like 
A refreshing view about organization change. Beyond Corporate Transformation provides a refreshing view about organization change. While many consultants get caught up in their terminology, the author, Chris Head, seems 
best intro you can buy. Not only are the illustrations well done but the text is excellent. Leach is able to explain the sport and various training methods in a 
Excellent poetry. Such beautiful snapshots of life in England. I particularly enjoy Skimbleshanks and Gus, the Theatre Cat  
Pretty Good. This was a good book for my trip to Japan. It provided excellent commentary on history and sites, which I read before visiting temples and shrines. I stayed 
I can knit. Bought this book before xmas. I couldn t fool my mom... but my peers are impressed with my first round of projects generated from what i learned 
Required reading for counselors of gifted children,. Anyone who works with gifted students, their parents and or their teachers needs to have this resource readily available. Ms. Silverman has gathered 
Very Informative Motorcycle Skills & Safety Reference. The text and accompanying diagrams and pictures do a great job explaining motorcycle safe riding techniques. The book is well organized and is 
Strange Stories from a Master. As Murakami san says, Everything I write is a strange tale. And this collection of 24 of his short stories bare that out. These stories, 
Escapist Fun. This is the fifth book in Lee Child s highly popular Jack Reacher series. As with all the other books in this series, this book is tightly plotted, 
Awesome story about over coming great setbacks to achieve greatness. My son played receiver on the Briarcrest Football Team. As a fan I met Michael Oher early on. I saw 
Read this book. Tell your friends to read this book. The world is in the middle of a human-caused mass extinction of species. We are gobbling up the planet like 
The foundation for emotional healing. This book outlines how to go from trying to change the parts of yourself that you don t like to seeing the wisdom that those 
No plot and no action, but plenty of relaxing local color. Perhaps the finest example of the type known as a &quot;local colorist&quot;, this quiet book radiates peace, tranquility, warmth, 
Fastnet, Force 10: The Deadliest Storm in the History of Modern Sailing, New Edition. Incredible story. Well written. My family are sailors and my brother sailed one Fastnet race, so 
Usual TERRIFIC Sandra Hill story!!. This is a GREAT Sandra Hill story which includes Navy SEALS, Vikings, time-travel, with a Cajun thrown in, plus action, plenty of humor, emotions and 
1001 Golf Holes You Must Play Before you Die. This book was a gift for my sister and brother-in-law. They seemed to like it  
It is a tragedy for a Christian to die a natural death. &quot;The blood of the martyrs is the seed of the Church!&quot; This truism is very ably demonstrated by 
Excellent deal. The book was great! It came in great condition and the timing was perfect  
borrowed this from the library today, buying it tonight!. This is a great little power packed book. she shows you the steps while allowing you to paint your own way. 
Good reference. Loaded with nice full-color photographs and clear directions, this book is a great reference for anyone looking at performing some basic maintenance on his or her bike. The 
The Bond of Common Values. This is the story of a man who dedicated his thought and efforts to the work he loved and how his own selfish pursuit created 
A real jewel!. As I was browsing through a large book display, I happened across this book and the cover caught my eye. I thumbed through the book and immediately 
Extremely, technically thorough. Very detailed oriented manual type of book but very informative as well. I recommend if serious about this subject  
Superb Short Stories!. This book is a delightful surprise, with a wide range of well-crafted short stories sure to entertain any fan of the genre.A few of them resonate with 
What a pleasure. It is simply a great pleasure to read the essays of Lewis Thomas. His intelligence, his balance, his sense of wonder, his great knowledge his humility and 
No words can describe!. This is the best horror story that I have ever read. I am going to go even farther and say that this is the best BOOK 
A partial reconciliation. While it is true that one could practice, say, yoga, and practice it well and fairly near completeness and still be a Christian, it is a bit 
A guide to life. Chicken Soup for the Soul III, quite inspirational I d have to say. As soon as I picked up this book, I just couldn t put 
Empathy in Leadership and Management. More sound advice from the autor of Sever Habits of Highly Effective People . Quite a few at least semi practical advices in this book 
Fantastic. This was fantastic; I read it in 3 hours. I could identify with the stories, and I feel like I could have written the whole book. I d also 
The meat you want to find on Charlie Rose. This has very little to do with Charlie Rose. I don t know if he has read The Scavengers Guide to 
Berger !. I have read all his books and keep wishing for more...  
Don t be a bug on the windshield!. On the road to the future, who will be the windshield, and who will be the bug? - Gary HamelTo be competitive 
Pros and cons list for book:. Three men died on the same day in November, 1963: JFK, Aldous Huxley, and CS Lewis. The book is a fictional recreation of how 
Great characters....didn t want to see it end. I loved this book. The characters were fascinating and full of intricacies -- you loved them, you hated them, you were surprised 
Finest non-fictional work on Africa in a generation. For anyone interested in Africa s trials and tribulations during the previous century this volume must be the number one must-read. It 
The Big Bad Wolf blows the last two in this series away!. Avid readers of James Patterson have been wondering lately if he d lost his touch. The last two 
Excellent, Love the entire book. I absolutly loved this book. It is jam packed with useful information, techniques, and tips. In the center of the book is a color insert 
G is for Great!. So far, this is my favorite in the alphabet series by Sue Grafton, as it s full of excitement, suspense and a little romance thrown in 
amusing romantic fantasy. In New York, Emma Good Witch Hutch is an enchanting matchmaker with a high level of success due to her gift. For a fee, she will track 
The Anti- Atkins Diet Works And Has Staying Power. This program works quite well, because it offers food that tastes good naturally and is literally easy to swallow.As a physician, 
Complex concept but I had no problem following conceptually. Does time really exist? What if time were actually an illusion? If time did not really exist them quantum physics and 
A Really Great Guide for both learning and teaching social research. The book is very valuable indeed for students and teachers as well as for researchers for grasping the very 
A page-turner that leaves an indelible impression on the reader. I read this novel when I was in grade-school. A friend of mine who had an old dog-eared copy lent 
A must-have for residents!. When I was an Internal Medicine resident I used to say: I am never alone on call; it is always me and Dr. Washington !I never 
Fascinating, authoritative, down to earth. Fueled by exploding events at Waco, Ruby Ridge, the Freeman fiasco in Montana, and energized by the Okahoma City bombing, there are a number of 
an essential lifeskill. As a mediator and conflict resolution coach, I regularly come face to face with people s fear of conflict. This book reduces the feeling of risk by 
Totally Love!. I loved the movie and this book actually takes me through the movie as I m reading the book! I have read this book abaut 20 times and 
Stuck in The Middens. There are a lot of kids that stay in this foster home called Whitegates. The majority of these children have all tried to runaway but either 
looking for some information. Havent seen the movie for awhile, but have a question about it? Was the movie taken place in Africa and if so, where was the river 
Great Resource. Perfect for any diabetic who is confused about their diet. Going through the book you realize how much food is actually available to you  
Practical insight into the discipline of becoming good . Needleman shares experience on a discipline to move toward becoming good .Brilliant teacher shows ethical potential can be reached activated by 
If he were alive today... I can t really add much to what has already been said. However, it occurred to me that if Mencken were alive today, sitting before 
My math master. I am electrical eng who study math all of my life. I had the Arabic version of it which cover more than the English one.I start reading 
Salt: A World History. A well written, interesting, fascinating book. I was constantly amazed at the extent of Kurlansky s research and the ability to make so many facts interesting 
A complete guide to profit on ebay. This book has so many cool tricks you can use on ebay, that its virtually impossible to fail and not make good money. 
Definitely The Bible for actors. I had to buy this book for an acting class I am currently taking in college. If you were to open my book, you ll 
Life Changing. This book has been life changing in healing my Mother s brain injuries after a trauma in an accident with a tractor trailer. Having read the book, I 
AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I could not put this book down!! Buy this book, Ponder this book in your heart, soul, you will be closer to Christ as a result.Awesome  
Petersen gives a 3-D look at David!. I don t know about you, but I have really become tired of reading books about Biblical characters that make them all sound 
Great Book from a Great Director. I m a long-time John Badham fan going back to the first feature of his I saw, the made-for-TV Isn t It Shocking? with 
A workbook that rivals its original text. A wonderful workbook to say the least. If you are not familiar with the series, it really works well for nonsecular purposes as 
Love this book. My three year old daughter received this book when she was 2. She love reading it. We laugh together, and she loves yelling NO to all of 
Great Alternative to the Method. Some of the techniques I learned from Respect for Acting by Uta Hagen were causing me serious problems in my acting. I was trying to 
Incredible, a must-buy. Few books summarize years and years of psychological research into relationship as well as this one. Both easy to read and filled with wonderful examples, you ll 
GREAT BOOK! GOOD SUMMER READ!. I really enjoyed this book by Nora Roberts. It is set in the Carribbean which makes it a good book to read in summer, IMHO. 
Wonderful... During a time of conflict and upheavel, a wandering story teller is arrested by a perfidious bureaucrat for the crime of appearing suspicious and being in the wrong place 
This book changed my life. I m an action adventure type guy, and this book series is the best I ve ever read. Ted Dekker is my favorite author, and 
Best PR book EVER!. Out of all the public relations books that I own this one tops the cake. Jessica Hatchigan gives plain english terms and lets the reader know 
Manson Fact or Fiction. More knowlege on Manson and the famley anywere give  
YES!. I found this book in the library and was disappointed that it wasn t in print. I bought it on sight when I found out it was available again 
Incredible book!. I really don t know how anybody who could rate this item with anything other than 5 stars. The book is for all parents and anyone who works 
Excellent account, flawed delivery. I agree with all the other reviews- this is certainly a comprehensive account, sympathetic, etc. There are 2 things I feel make it more difficult than 
Best Watercolor Landscape technique book. I have been painting watercolor landscapes for the last year. I have looked for books on this subject and have bought quite a few of 
Classic of Self-Help Genre. This book may be the one that Created the genre. And what was true then is just as true today. One of the loveliest parts about 
An illuminating tale!. If you have a penchant for elaborate language, a love for new experiences, and a sensitivity to life s struggles, you will find hope and deep beauty 
Another great novel by Reichs!!. When Temperance takes over on an archeological dig on a small island off the Carolina s, her thoughts center on her relationships, her nearly divorced 
Captain Nemo & The Nautilus. 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea was a very complex book. The authors word choice was what made it so complex, the author used words like 
Silva In Top Form. The series features Israeli spy art restorer Gabriel Allon and his mentor the legendary master spy Ari Shamron. The story continues at full pace as the 
great collection of essays. Jarman and McDowell came along with their magazine, The Reaper, when it was needed most. They ve done a lot to bring back narrative poetry McDowell 
Creative Differentiation vs. Sinful Exclusion. As I read this book I was challenged to understand theological foundations and keys to understanding deeply rooted conflict among peoples around the world. That 
Great concept at a good price. The book is thought-provoking, and the price was excellent  
Basic and to the point. Dr. Thorsson is an excellent researcher and author. This book will do much to dispell the Wyrd myths  
Heather Covington s 5 Star Review of the Day:Another Day at the Front. He graces BIBR Magazine with a solemn, and angelic look, but is literally at the forefront of 
This book changed my life!. As an Ayurveda practitioner for the last nine years I highly recommend this book which offers a new slant on this ancient system of healing. 
Great Cookbook. I love this cookbook. It gives the reader all sorts of helpful information on cooking with a slow cooker, along with many excellent recipes. Much better than some 
This is a must have for any and all independent filmmakers!!. I found the book to be perfect in describing how to set up an independent film company. The Sample 
Brilliant. This book has given me an entirely new outlook on life and myself. It is amazing how this book was able to erase years of shame pressed upon me 
one of the best written books with an amazing approach that drives clients forward. My compliments! Your book is one of the best written books with an amazing approach that 
excellent book!. This book has many techniques that help you solve your date to date problem using Perl. if you are familiar with Perl s syntax, you should have no 
Best Photoshop book, period. Photoshop is a deep and complex program and this book makes it almost simple. The book has several strengths -- first is McClelland s astonishing knowldge, 
The best book for home winemakers for fermenting grape wines. The is a clear and concise book about making wine from grapes, the best overall book for beginners and serious 
Big Red Barn. My daughter loves this book! She s 6 years old and reads it all the way thru. If your child loves animals he or she will love 
I bought this book and doubled my VA disability pension. This book is a nuts and bolts no nonsense hands on Bible for veterans claims. I used it to increase 
A Social History Standard. Gross s epic production is a display of diligent and calculated research that results in a truly fascinating examination of edifice and artifice. The granular detail 
Nice book. This is a nice work in independent commentary and interpretation, something Peikovians cannot stand. And yes, the book has useful commentary  
My Son the Sailor Loved This book. I bought this book for my son, who is a sailor and lives aboard his sailboat. He said it was great. I didn 
Excellent workbook for all kinds of Introverts. An excellent, well presented, and thorough Workbook that contains self-tests to determine whether you re a Highly Sensitive Person, and if so, which 
Continues to be a favorite. Entertaining, colorful, informative --- what s not to like? I have to admit, however, that I feel sorry for the cat  
19th century history buff. one of the best written books on these subject thati have ever read, and i have read many.bits of history from those who lived it. no 
An invaluable resource for the amateur cartophile!. I have not yet completed reading this book, but I ve skimmed through many parts and done a thorough reading of little bits 
Fact or fancy, readers must decide for themselves. I first read this book about ten years ago. I found it to be quite interesting, particularly the part which deals with 
Funny!. I laughed out loud at times. This was a fun, easy, quick read, just the kind of book I love to read  
Understand the Big Picture Fast and Easy. I m a designer with very little understanding about websites. I needed to wrap my brain around this huge, complicated program fast and 
WOW! A Book That Works!. As an Integration Specialist, I assist teachers with designing classroom projects that are aligned with the New York State Standards. We use a format called 
 The course of True Love never did run smooth . What a story! Shakespeare did indeed have it right when saying, The course of true love never did run 
My Bible. It s a Girl Thing is the best book I have ever read. It explains about the body as well as other things, such as buying your first 
Easy to use, espec. with CD. This has all the basic forms you need. I had them on the CD and was able to &quot;fix&quot; them up to fit my 
A magnificent Eighth Day. Wonderful, it is simply the best book on the subject. An account that carefully balances scientific contents and personal issues of the scientists from the early 
Bookaholic. Sarah Breathnach writes about the simple pleasures in life in such a way that it makes you want to try all the wonderful small joys she speaks about in 
It s very good, but not perfect. This is a very good book and worth the money. However, there were some choices made in the writing that were, in my 
Reality=?. Although the book may get some what dilirious at some points it certanly shoes a more alternative revue to alot of movies that we all thought where out there. 
Charming and British with Dark Undertones. Hilary Mantel has written a small, delightful little book in the novel, Fludd. The title character, Fludd, arrives in the village of Fetherhoughton and 
Interesting time, interesting place. This novel tells the haunting story of two generations of a Wisconsin family brought together and torn apart by the lake adjacent to the family home. 
Intriguing, But May Not Be What You Expect. A book well worth reading, but it may not be what you expect.The title is a bit misleading as Jean Godin is 
Global Capitalism s Local Disaster. There are many books out there about the supposed strengths or weaknesses of globalization and free trade, but at least in terms of the international 
Best book to start Photography with. I am doing a Fine Arts degree, and my Photographer lecturer said this would be the best basic book to get as a starter, 
Different to the LIttle house books, a diary of an adult. I can see why Laura Ingalls was able to write such good books about her early life on the 
A Great Book For A Great Trip. This book helped me plan a wonderful trip to Las Vegas. I didn t hit it big at te casinos oh well , 
A thought provoking look inside the Reagan White House. When he assumed the presidency, Ronald Reagan knew what had to be done to turn the country around after four years 
Excellent Book. A must for your library. Very helpful. I received this book as a gift and its wonderful  
Awesome. This book is great. When megan goes away for the summer to a amuesment park near lake erie. she leaves her boyfriend and sister whos trying to plan her 
Romantic, Amazing. This was the first historical fiction I d ever read and I can truthfully say that it was amazing and got me addicted to Elizabeth I books. It 
Great Book in the Series. I feel that all of these books in the series live up to the hpe, and each has continued to become better than the one 
Great Resource for Practitioners. The second edition of Strategic Organizational Change is even better than the first edition. Beitler has a great way of integrating theory and practice. His work 
Easy to read, Understand and Put into Practice. This is a well-written book that clearly describes the links between our thoughts and our physical health. It is written in an 
Complex causality: why people are really at risk for disease. Finally Dr. Farmer couples his lucid historical, political and economic analyses of the conditions that put the poor at risk 
A decent intro to combining guitar into electronic music. this book is very interesting in the fact that it discribes techniques used to integrate guitar into electronic music, kinda like 
The Joy of &quot;Old Friends&quot;. Thank you, Mark Asher, for &quot;Old Friends&quot;. You make our appreciation for our wonderful companions come to life with your outstanding photography. The pictures and 
You will get your money s worth over and over again. We bought this book after we checked it out of the library and my daughter did not want to 
Intimacy: the freedom to BE. After hearing you speak I bought a red pen, and the book Go Away, Come Closer. I was going to fix myself but good. Then, 
Spells out the unique dangers of teen drinking. Having navigated through the rocks and landmines of parenting three boys through adolescence, I know that drinking, at least occasionally, can be 
Wonderful!. For those who want to pass in the exam, I recommend this book.The exercises are great  
Good read. The plot is quite good. However, the style and the overall structure are somewhat weaker that in later Grisham s stories. Still well worth the time  
TIME TRAVEL BY A MASTER. Jack Finney is one of the great writers of time travel stories. His stories were used often on Twilight Zone the original series. His style 
The best atlas on earth forever!. This atlas I got from my aunt and uncle as a present.Its a fun way to learn about the earth and all the countries 
God s power God s strategy. Church Planting Movements: How God is Redeeming a Lost World. By David Garrison. Bangalore: WIGtake Resources, 2004. 362 pages. Paperback, 12. In 2001 a 
About the viability of direct democracy. This book is not a new description of the constitutional framework of Athenian democracy: it s about how, after what the author thinka was 
On par w To Kill A Mockingbird . The above is my favorite book and SLB conjured up similar emotions in me. I read this book in a day and 
The BFG by Roald Dahl. This is a super star of a story. A classic. We love it  
 An Excellent Eye Opener!!! . James exploration into early psychic phenomenon investigation is fascinating, and Blum nails his research, his life, and his discoveries in a well written, informative, 
Chapter two is most valuable!. Chapter two has a really good, in depth, review of basic marketing math.  
A nice surprise. I was surprised to have received a response for the price I bid at...but was happy to get the book and was in good condition...and fast service. 
Something all Educators should have. James Banks and Cherry McGee Banks do a wonderful job of editing the material of serveral authors on various ethnic groups of the United States. 
Great for a Beginner and a Advanced body builder. I love this book. I have read many body building and fitness books but this one covers every thing. Evrything you 
Nice to see Islam finally addressed. Islam is the second-largest religion, and many people have continually pointed to it and claiming that it is correct while Christianity is not. Unfortunately, 
The Post Capitalist Society. Reading this book was a review of what Peter would speak about in his classes in the early 1990 s until he died. Professor Drucker had 
The first of three. Two sisters and a nasty, bitter and unloving mother make up the setting for the beginning of an entertaining triology. Maggie is high spirited and artistic 
Real Boys: Rescuing Our Sons from the Myths if Boyhood. I ordered the audiobook so that I could listen to it while I was driving. It was filled with examples 
One of JAK s best and brightest!. I love JAK books as a rule, but this one is definitly one of the best. Both Molly and Harry have wonderfully eccentric 
Sales meets risk mitigated engineering. I am not a full time sales person, I am a software engineer and researcher who gets involved in some pre-sales consulting. I bought this 
Great introduction. This book is a great book about SQL Server Express and a great introduction to other versions of SQL Server. In fact, it describes every nuance of SQL 
Not Quite a Philosopher. Sacks has a wonderfully lucid style that brings his anecdotes to life. The stories do a wonderful job of pointing out the things we take for 
Don t Discount This Book Too Quickly. Most How To books run the risk of taking readers down one of two bumpy paths. Either the reader becomes excited and tries 
This book helped me deal with pain........ I have read several of the comments listed and as a personal comment this book helped me deal with the loss of my 
Great Book. Seriously, I had to write this review because of all the people who gave it such a low rating. ARE YOU KIDDING ME. Ok there may be a 
Stephen King s Best Book. I read this book in 1 day, which is a testament to how great this book is--considering its length. This is the best Stephen King 
Excellent book for agriculturalists who are inventive. Good reading. The book has two themes. One is the story about the inventor and his struggles to develop and market his new 
It s Political, not Religious. This book has two themes in it. One I am comfortable with and one I am not. Theme one is that Islam is not compatible 
Start Basic and Expand as Needed!. I agree with other reviewers that one of the most important features of this book is that in the 12 example plans presented, you 
WE ALL HAVE OUR LITTLE SAULS OR SALIERI S IN LIFE. What I do like about Chuck Swindoll s is that he brings that Old Testament to life for Born 
Beautiful story. I truely enjoyed reading the series and actually hate to have reached the end. I am blessed to see the reviews of other christians who enjoyed the series 
Carefully thought out.... Bill O Reilly brings insight as to what is really happening in this country. This is NOT an attack on any one party. It is a plea 
A FIVE STAR BOOK. This remarkable book is both poignant and upbeat - gives hope and pathos to the way life can work. Is a keeper that I loan to 
One of my favorite movies of all time!!!!!. Back in the 80 s when I was about 7 or 8 years old, this 2 part movie came on TV and 
Excellent!. I still have yet to finish reading this but so far I have no complaints. Japanese Tales is a collection of 220 stories and each is more interesting than 
everybody loves big squids!. As a longtime fan of cephalopods in general and squids in particular, I was very impressed by this book. It s quite good at being accessible 
Developmental history and some examples of Code. This book, is one of the few computer books I have read from cover to cover - code listings are easy to scan 
Free Money by the authors Lesko, Martello et al. This book is an extension of other volumes on the subject ofobtaining free money from various governmental sources.For instance, there is 
A new look at the wolfman... If you want a fresh take on the wolfman theme, this book is it. It s told from the perspective of one lonely, rather 
Must Have..... This is the first book I bought after being diagnosed. I tryed the medications and knew it was not for me. This book was the foundation for my 
A must read for architects. This book has some truly inspirational ideas that could really be expounded on into even better design. A good read if you are into anything 
A cheater exposed. If you are still blindly defending Barry Bonds at this point, you really should have your head examined, or at least your G.E.D. rescinded. Barry Bonds never 
Saw the movie first?. If you, like me, have seen the film with Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks and are playing with the idea of reading the book, you are 
The split that wasn t there. Paulos starts the book with a clearly absurd story, one that has numbers and statistics mixed in with a narrative. His question is, why 
Regularly chosen by instructor. I have used this textbook a number of times in teaching Art Appreciation classes. The choice of chapter topics works fairly well with beginning students: one 
Social Construction of Reality. This critical work is a cornerstone in the study of being human. Recommended for anyone interested in sociology, psychology, philosophy, or human communication. Easy to read, 
Large print scrabble dictionary. This dictionary is excellent to read and has definations that the smaller version does not have.  
Quilted like a pro. She has once again written her book as a peice of the puzzle to all her others.Just as if she is quilting,which I love.PLease read this 
DC Never Changes. This book kept my interest from start to finish. It is written on an adult level, reminiscent of an era when DC was still mysterious.I m a 
I love this book!. A great design reference for anyone interested in the history of television sets and production...plus a fun read.  
slow at the start, good to go as u read on... Yes, I thought the book was going to be a dude at first, then it got interesting. Clintonistas will 
RU486 IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR USE IN THE UNITED STATES!. Responding to the reader from Chicago, Ill., Dr. Stringer s book does mention the promising test results of RU486 in 
Trevor Brice eats Dirk Pitt for Lunch!. This is an excellent book, one I recommend to all readers of action novels. Finally, someone has developed a realistic character, who shares 
Fun with food. Through my job in the kitchen appliance industry, I was lucky enough to see Bob Blumer do his thing in a very intimate about 10 people setting. 
Great Book!. I loved this book! It was a bit confusing at first, since how can it be a biography if there is no Lemony Snicket? But this book was 
Just read and enjoy!. Pynchon is a great writer and this book is very approachable and enjoyable. His style can be somewhat difficult at times but once you get used 
A Classic Argument for Education. The usefulness of this book for us in 2005 lies in the way it gives a wider historical perspective on current debates over racially-tinged political 
Maui Revealed: The Ultimate Guidebook. This is the third book from this author on Hawaii, it is the best book EVER! I will buy them all, I love Hawaii and 
How to Build the Grandma Connection. As an enthusiastic grandma and co-author of another new book for grandparents, &quot;Grandloving: Making Memories with Your Grandchildren&quot; I m delighted to recommend Susan 
Brilliant, yet sometimes hard to read. This has to be one of Victor Hugo s lesser-known masterpieces. The descriptions of people, time, and place are rich and vivid, and full 
Poignant. The mechanism is brilliant: if we are machines, so what do you care if somebody starts to kill us? But if we aren t... If each one of us 
An Eye-Opener. This book is primarily a collection of essays that Churchill has written and published elsewhere. Churchill s main focus in this book is on the genocide perpetrated in 
Tim Tsao s review. The Catcher in the Rye is a coming of age novel that tells the story of a boy who learns about himself during a remarkable journey 
Squashed by Joan Bauers. I picked up this book because I have enjoyed Bauer s previous books, and the cover design with a big pumpkin on it got my curiousity 
A Truly Marvelous Guide. Just came back from 8 days in Paris and I had studied and marked on a map Wells recommended cafes, boulangeries, patisseries, fromageries and specialty food 
Thoughtful Analysis But Remedies Need More Work. In his letter to Berkshire Hathaway investors in 2004, Warren Buffett wrote: In judging whether Corporate America is serious about reforming itself, CEO 
Great inspiring educational story. This is one of those rare books that is a compelling read AND educational AND inspiring. This book is several stories. It tells the story of: 
No Time to Cook? Let the Claypot do all the work!. I purchased a Romertopf clay pot 5 years ago and bought this book soon after. Grover s Roast Chicken 
Declassified Data from our Time. When I was in high school in 1960 the United States launched the first Discoverer satelite was launched. It was, of course, launched for purely 
McGuane at his Best!. There are many good books on flyfishing, but only a very few that make it to great. This is one of the latter. For this book, 
Very good read for parents who have kids with OCD. Author understands how parents can get caught up in the web of OCD she writes with understanding not blaming. Tells 
Lucy Rose: Big on Plans. Imagine a summer full of fun filled adventures; well this is exactly what Lucy experiences as she gets ready for the fourth grade. Lucy Rose: 
Very Griping - Couldn t put it down... I highly recomend this to any sailor who is a blue water crusier or is thinking about it. Great detail and lets 
Great!!!. My book arrived when it said it would and it was in perfect condition. Thanks  
geometry key. Helpful to check students work. Package arrived on time in excellent condition.  
A wisdom well warmed. Thomas Merton was perhaps the best known monastic of the last century. That he was a Trappist perhaps puts him in the best contemporary context from 
Excellent. For newbies to the subject matter, this is an excellent guide book. Very easy to read, properly planned subject proposition, and idiot friendly. No difficult jargon, very lay person 
An exciting approach to the same dull topic. This is my first book review, but I have to take the time to highly recommend this book. I saw Mr. Johnson 
Charming little read. This is an excellent book for fans of Owen Meany . Although it didn t move me quite as much as the former one of my top 
nightjohn. I really believe the book sarny was very well written and it really portrayed how slavery really was and how bad things were for the slaves. It really mad 
Good Read. The Egypt Game was a great book filled with mystery and suspense. I liked the way Zilpha Keatley Snyder made April and Melanie so different on the outside, 
Beautifully detailed drawings. My four-year-old loves to look at this book by himself. The drawings are extremely engaging  
Easy read, gripping story. I thoroughly enjoyed the book, it tells the story of the indomitable human spirit that lives in some, but not all, of us. Polly s story 
Witch Queen and the Dolt Prince. This is my first Terry Pratchett novel. I must admit that I was amused by the bizarre world he has created. While this is 
Ben s Trumpet--a Caldecott Honor book. A wonderful book for young children about dreaming hoping. With few words it gets its point across. Illustrations are incredibly varied and wonderful--I especially 
new twists on relationship murder mystery. I ve never read another book which combines two subjects so well. Another author might have written a murder mystery without the caracter depth 
Excellent Book!. There really isn t a reason NOT to buy his book. The price is very reasonable and the information in it helpful. I do not only suggest this 
Guide for a challenging environment. This book is an excellent guide for anyone who is serious about angel investing, especially in today s more challenging market environment. It is written 
See Your Son or Your Students Here. The library at the college where I work puts out a list of new books they have purchased in our area once per 
Laughing Wild is amazingly hilarious!. I am doing Laughing Wild for my piece in my high school speech team, and after reading just the first act I was left on 
A revealing study, even if not always unprejudiced. I am of two minds in concern with Todd s book. On one side, I agree with its denunciation of the causes 
Very good fiction - but the praise ends there. I really enjoyed the first few books of the Left Behind series, but as the preachiness increased and the quality of 
The Faery Handbag by Kelly Link. The Faery Handbag by Kelly Link has won the Hugo Award and Locus Award for Best Novelette.It has now been nominated for the Nebula 
First Feminist. This was required reading for a graduate course in the Humanities. Wollstonecraft is not easy to read however, she makes a compelling argument. Mary Wollstonecraft viewed the institution 
Simply the Best. I first heard this book read on QVC, of all places, on Christmas Eve about 5 years ago. I was tremendously moved by the story. It s 
Dark Angels tells the backstory of Alice Verney. Of late there seems to be quite a few books being released about Charles II of England and Restoration England. This I 
Author s sophomore effort: complex entertaining plot : A . And so we have here Alafair s second book, Missing Justice . We agree that whether or not she got 
Unforgettable Tale of Holocaust Horror. Beyond and essential read, Night speaks to the reader about fundamental questions at the heart of the human condition. A powerfully moving autobiography, the story 
Information = Empowerment. David Chan, MD presents an informative, current and handy tool for anyone needing answers about breast cancer. His question and answer format allows patients to start at 
Classic Tale by a Lesser Known Bronte. Let me just preface my review by saying, Thank GOD, I didn t live back then! The story is told by Gilbert Markham 
A PURE, GENTLE, SAINTLY VOICE WHICH LEFT US THIS EVERLASTING GIFT OF PEACE, FORGIVENESS AND RECONCILIATION WE NOW SO BADLY NEED. Those of us losing our eyesight and who love 
GROW DEEPER IN THE WORD. This Bible is a wonderful version that has been very helpful in my Bible Study class. The leather is soft and sturdy. I love the 
Poetic Prose. This book will appeal to people who really get into poetic prose. The story is pretty dark, but it s pretty involving. I like this book the best 
Art in it s Finest Form!. This book is a true story about a boy named Jim. It is extremely depressing and dark in it s tone. It is also 
An important book for students, educators and young professionals. Finally, a graphic design book about form with more than eye candy - although there s a banquet of visual inspiration 
An important lesson for pre-schoolers. I love this book, especially for working with pre-schoolers who are typically struggling with the concept of sharing - from crayons to toys to snacks. 
Good art, publication desing suffers. This book is a worthy completion of the three-volume concept art series. The only gripe I have is the sudden change of publication design - 
Brilliant insight in present space technology. Although this book presents some exciting possible technologies in the mid and far future, what I found to be the most interesting was Zubrin 
Beautiful prose, heart-wrenching story. I was initally wary of Lewis Nordan. He struck me as the patron saint of writers; it seemed like every writer I knew was blabbering about 
New Directions in Altered Books. This is the best of the best for the altered book artist. If you want to go out of the box, this is the book 
A exceptional, multifaceted, wide-ranging critique. As a careful reader, I must contradict the previous reviewer s statement. Professor Carby s book is truly exceptional; as incisive as her other books 
The key to smooth sailing in medical biochemistry. Will you learn biochemistry with just this book? No.Will it save you hours of wasted effort trying to organize the different metabolic 
The one true visionary of Cyberspace and The Net. Don t believe the Hype! There are people out there who would have you believe that the concepts of cyberspace, a 
Fun, Festive, and Visionary .. Glistening Skin is In!!!. Andrew Einhorn is one of the the most under-celebrated art photographers working today. Despite the success of his first book, Naked 
The essential Crane. This work contains the essential Crane including The Red Badge of Courage and Maggie: A girl of the streets . It also contains Crane s most famous 
10 Easy Writing lessons. This book is wonderful. I have been looking for a book to help my 4th graders prepare for the Writing Assessment, and this is it. The 
Not enough good words can be said... ...and that says it all. As one other reviewer, I first read this book in the early 60 s. I still have my 
A must-read analysis of American Politics. For anyone interested in American Politics and baffled by the current acrimonious political climate pervading US politics, Liars! Cheaters! Evildoers! is a must-read. The 
this book is sick. And by sick, I mean totally sweet. This has to be the 2nd coolest book in the universe, trailing shortly behind the zombie survival guide. It 
A Wild Aventure. My novel is Walk Two Moons by Sharon Creech. This novel is about a thirteen-year-old girl named Sal, whose mother leaves home suddenly and her grandparents take 
Wonderful and Romantic. This was my first Nora Roberts book and I was pleasantly surprised. The book has many small stories about the lives of three well actually four women 
Cheap thrills. Grisham writes suspense stories, and this one certainly qualifies. The plot involves a 24-year old girl who figures out a shocking double-murder and as a result is being 
Spectular setting. This book deserves the good rating I gave it due to its well-crafted setting. The action takes place in the shadow-lands between fantasy and historical fiction ; between 
A Man Pursued by His Own Devils. Yale jazz historian Szwed established his credentials with an excellent biography of jazz eccentric Sun Ra Space Is the Place: The Life and 
Clear View. Very well written. Clarifies the numerous costs, including the hidden costs, of investing. Brings into focus the not-so-obvious, or generally ignored, economics of investing via an intermediary. Very 
sad yet wonderful read. not as disturbing as Running with Scissors , but just as sad. This book is definitely sad instead of funny. I really enjoyed it  
A Rare Example of an Updated Children s Book Done Well. Normally, I eschew rewrites and updates, particularly if the books are children s novels &quot;dumbed-down&quot; for board book and 
Weird but wonderfulll!!!. Hoo-eee! is what I said when I got through looking at this book. I didn t actually say it, on account I was in an alternative bookstore 
simply abundant Like The Journey:Where seagulls dare to f. simply abundant with pearls of wisdom......simply learning how to breathe again...to reconnect with myself again...to retune to my inner child again....simply 
Are our liberties at stake?. Robert Thomas Raming has researched and tracked the hidden side of the history of America. Even as we believe we have a democracy with the 
Marvellous collection of curious math facts. Clifford A. Pickover s book A Passion for Mathematics is a marvellous collection of curious math facts that is sure to please lovers of 
Great Art. Eric Sloane doing what he does best. The illustrations are superb as usual and so are the descriptions of how the tools were used. This book is bound 
Fresh-brewed life: a new way of living out Christ in me. Being a Christian all my life, I never realized that there is so much more than saying that little 
What your Momma didn t tell ya!. This book is a concise, readable explanation of how and why the human body works and doesn t! It s extremely user friendly. 
How can you live without this title??. If you want seriously use hibernate or NHibernate you cannot simply miss this book. Not only it is full of useful examples, but 
Powerful!. Dark Star, Creston Mapes first novel, is probably the best book I have read so far this year. I don t offer praise like that lightly; Dark Star earned 
Best Anita Blake. In my opinion, this is the best book in the Anita Blake series.Edward calls on Anita to settle the debt she racked in by killing Harley, and 
This book changed my life twice!. It did. Once as an undergrad and then again when I walked out of my corporate america job to go back to school. I 
Useful and filled with Pictures!. The Southwest USA &amp; Las Vegas travel guide is chock full of informative information, culture, and pictures in a streamline 300 page volume. Although personally, 
The Apprentice. This was an outstanding, on-the-edge-of-your-seat thriller, much like Silence of the Lambs. I thoroughly enjoyed it  
Fascinating, creative book. As a quiltmaker, I find this publication to be one of the most beautifully creative books I ve seen in years. I think a friend of mine 
Wonderful Reading for any Age!. The Brothers Grimm wrote beautiful fairy tales, and they can be enjoyed by all ages. I think I enjoyed them most when I read them 
a wonderful book. not the type of books I usually read poetry and all and it took me quite a while to get into it but it was worth it. 
Excellent Avid Guide. A well written, well covered guide book on Avid products. A true beginners guide to Avid Xpress DV, Media Composer &amp; Avid Xpress. A very clear, easy 
Part two is twice as funny!. Another wonderfully weird masterpiece by Douglas Adams. And the characters are just as funny and charming as ever. Whether it s MArvin parking cars 
Great introduction to drawing. My kids ages 7 and 5 have loved this book. They have learned to follow the linear instructions and are so impressed with their ability to 
Profound collection of essays after 9-11. Wow, this book was something else. Powerful and full of insight, Hanson offers a unique perspective on American situation after 9-11. What he eloquently 
Dreamy. The outcast is back for a third time and this time he is pissed. Mhoram discovers the fruition of breaking with the oath of peace, but is it in 
Saving the Jews - Great Book!. This book is fascinating, very well written, and meticulously researched. It provides an authoritative analysis of Roosevelt s response to the Holocaust. I could 
A Good Children s Book That Skips a Few Grades. I read this book knowing that is was targeted at a younger age than I. However, I was not disappointed. 
Opinionated certainly, but fun and insightful cutural critique. This is the first, but hopefully not the last, Thomas M. Disch book that I have read. I happened upon it in 
I ll let you know after coast2coast radio tonight!. This author will be on the Coast2Coast radio show tonight 10 13 05 at 10PM PT. I will do a review 
A definite for those who are new to the negotiating game. Having spent time negotiating sports sponsorship contracts, I have a new found love for negotiating. In reading this book, 
Writing at it s best. Down and Out in Paris & London is a very vivid read. I found it funny and heartbreaking at the same time. I walked the 
CAMUS CAN DO BUT SARTRE IS SMARTER. Camus essays, while often recondite and impenetrable, do offer insight into the human condition. In his essays, our existential and absurd freedom are 
Excellent Way to Find Out About Jewish Culture Practices of That Time. I do not usually write reviews, but going through this book answered a lot of questions for me 
Women should read this before spending another dollar on cosmetics. Although the book is too heavy to lug to the cosmetics counter, it is loaded with insightful, practical information on 
What a great story. I read this book many years ago, have bought many copies I ve given for gifts. It tells a slow wonderful story of a man and 
Valuable Insights!. If we are to win the war on terrorism we must start by understanding what motivates and drives them. Gerges Journey of a Jihadist goes a long way 
This book is fantastic. It s organized well, though I would like to have had a few more poetic forms presented. Perhaps they will or have already put together a 
Caroline Tully review. If you are looking for something to read that will change your life you cannot go past Starhawk s latest book The Earth Path which is her 
Excellent activity ideas. I am a music therapy student and I used this book in constructing activities for music classes at a summer camp. This book had so many ideas 
Excellent book, lousy print job. Of course, One Flew Over the Cuckoo s Nest is an excellent book, one everyone should read but don t buy the paperback. The print 
how cars work. I saw this book on my friends front room table and I was so impressed with the cover I had to open the book. Wow, what a 
It s really great!. Well, I first went to see it in NY, Broadway and it fascinated me.So, I decided to order the Lesmis in concert from the DVD store 
Good Book read it!. Violet and Klaus are stuck in a wagon rolling the cliffs of the Mortmain Mountains. While there sister Sunny was kidnapped by Count Olaf. Violet and 
Snatching Victory from the Jaws of Defeat...At a Price. It had to happen eventually. Honor s luck had to run dry at some point and the Peeps had to find 
Entrepreneurs --wake up & THINK. Peters is definitely one of my favorite authors. His insights on innovation offer me constant inspiration as I write my own newsletter - titled Byvation, 
 Anubis Gates by Tim Powers. This book is easily one of the 10 best books I ve ever read. It turned me on to the works of writer Tim 
A Bad Time for Motherhood. I have been a fan of J.A. Jance since I met her in a bookstore browsing through the mystery section. She convinced me to try 
a sharply funny exploration of youthful aimlessness. While Vile Bodies may be set in 1930s England, certain aspects of the story remain strikingly relevant. Directionless, young and thanks to their 
Dental Awakenings!. Thank goodness for this stand alone book! I work in a dental office and find conventional sources offer nothing but disinformation regarding the darker side of dentistry. &quot;Beyond 
Powerful Book - Must Read. Awesome book - read it a few years ago and still think every woman, mother, father should read this - every child should be raised 
Great book. This is a great book to learn from. My confidence has shot through the roof, and I m able to be a lot more relaxed. To make a 
A Milestone. The author has written two seminal works: Hitlers Spies and The Codebreakers. Both are among the most informative and best written books on intelligence produced to date. Hitler 
A Story for Everyone Everywhere. Meet Punchinello, the adorable Wemmick who comes to learn how precious he is to his Maker, regardless of what the other townspeople think of him. 
If a Constitution falls in the woods when no one is listening, does anybody care?. I am unfortunately not suprised by any of the revelations in this book. It seems 
Great Visuals, Great Info, GREAT BOOK. Reading the Cult of Mac was the most fun and interesting material I have read in a long time. Ever since buying my own 
Read the book in 6 hours. I have never read any of Dr.Gentry work.After reading this book, it won t be my last. The book is from a partial preterist 
Good, but Characters can be annoying... I enjoyed soul Harvest, mostly because I am a sucker for action novels with apocalyptic events and I ve come to like the characters, 
Concise Book. I was assigned to read this book for my class in Latin American Studies. I especially liked the time line the author inserts before chapter 1 and the 
Bush administration propaganda machine. A superb book written with Frank Rich s straightforward, story-telling style and unwavering logic, it describes a presidency, not only built on deceit, but also dependent 
The Goblins in the Castle. THE GOBLINS IN THE CASTLEBy: Bruce CovilleThe book I m doing this report on is The Goblins in the Castle. It s about a boy 
Applicable. If youhave to deal with any of these type people you need to read this boo  
Fills In The Gaps. I ve been reading a lot of books lately that talk about how to create various 3-d art. And also lots of books that talk about 
A Slim Volume That Speaks Loudly. The tragedy of September 11, 2001 ignited fear in all of us, the unexpected, the sudden change, the destruction of passivity, and the mourning 
From Business Stratey to IT Action. Drawing from a wealth of success in balancing business requirements with IT solutions, the authors of From Business Strategy to IT Action have identified 
The raw and the living unveiled on the plate. Learn how to prepare raw and living food with a book which covers fresh foods still growing . This can be 
Murder in the Northwest. This book is ranked in the upper echelon of Ann Rule s work. On that premise alone, I decided to give this book a shot. While 
For any interested in American agriculture s history and directions. All Flesh Is Grass: The Pleasures And Promises Of Pasture Farming is for any interested in American agriculture s history 
Fannie Flagg Fan!. As always I enjoyed this Fannie Fagg story! Just a good ole heartwaming book that was an easy read on a cold winter s night!  
Best Nonrequired Reading So Far. I m a fan of short stories and essays in general because I tend to finish a good 60 to 70 of the ones I 
Cute and innovative, but could use a CD. I bought this book for my anime-nut six-year-old, who wants to learn Japanese. The book uses an innovative, step-by-step system and cute 
Maine Squeeze Book Review. Maine Squeeze, written by Catherine Clark, is an enjoyable and exciting book, which is most likely to appeal to teenage girls. It is the story of 
For all basketball fans and Maryland fans. Sweet Redemption is the well-told story of how a very good and very dedicated coach and some very good and very dedicated players 
Shocking, horrifying, thrilling. Lewis The Monk will satisfy any reader who is longing for a story to chill and horrify, the classic way. The tale of a monk whose lust 
Useful, but..... My 5 year old daughter loves these books, and we do try to read the particular ones when they are relevent. We read this before going to the 
Comprehensive, &quot;user friendly&quot;, and superbly organized. Comprehensive, &quot;user friendly&quot;, and superbly organized, The Absolute Beginner s Guide to iPod and iTunes quite literally provides neophytes with easy access to all 
An important book and a story well told. Elliott has an important story and a voice that can tell it. I m a former runaway, now working with poor kids--- 
A satisfying read. I first encountered Penelope Fitzgerald when her novel, The Blue Flower, was introduced to my daughter s book club. That book did not set well with me. 
excellent book. This book is an excellent read. I originally checked it out at the local library on a fling and now i am going to buy it. If you 
Outstanding Book!!. This was without question, the most practical and all encompassing coaching book that I have read. I will refer this book to friends and make this a required 
Useful - but only for the experienced. OCaml is a functional programming language. Its primaryfeatures are efficiency and safety. Being strictly typedit is less error prone to program in OCaml 
Definitely a must read author !!!. I had never read a book by Mariah Stewart and was amazed to find how hooked I was right from the start when I 
The Time Machine Review. contains spoilers . This is a good scientific book that is based on time traveling. In this book there is the time traveler and the narrator. 
Well-written and enlightening, if self-indulgent. Any student of architecture, particularly the modern movement, will enjoy reading this work by the mentor of Frank Lloyd Wright and, arguably, the father of 
A Lovely Book. I own about 450 books on India and Indian culture, so when I say this is one of my 2-3 favorite books on India the other probably 
Good Starting Point. As a quick read with a number of interesting facts, this is a good introduction to food additives as well as nutrients. It could be construed as 
Fantastic!. If you want to knit Shetland Lace and like to design your own patterns, buy this expensive book and forgo the others. This book is the bible of Shetland 
Virtue and Vacuity. The Age of Innocence is an exercise in ironic nostalgia. While ridiculing the hypocrisy, strictures, and sense of entitlement of turn-of-the-century New York aristocracy, Edith Wharton ends 
A Fun Read. This book has many stories of other kids lives. Anyway these kids can be real monsters, literally. In one story the kids lift someone into the air, 
The Child Under Six by James L. Hymes Jr. This is the best book on child development I have ever read. Dr. Hymes was my college professor and his understanding 
Great book on mental apsect of golf!. There is a reason why this book has sold so many copies. This is because it is a great book on the mental 
The Illustrated edition makes it worth buying Again!. Of course this book has been a classic for more than 25 years. Now the newest edition, with loads of images and 
Feel the Pain. For Yankees fans, this book makes you re-live the pain of the final inning of Game 7 of the 2001 World Series. Why would you want to 
Pithy plot, great characters. A real page turner! It was unbelievable how all the pieces fit together at the end. Rosenberg is a genius  
It really is... ... a book that changes lives. The character of Socrates impacted my life in many overt and covert ways, all for the positive. I read the book 
If you ever give a moose a muffin. Have you ever wondered what would happen if you give a moose a muffin?Well if you read this story it will probably 
The most helpful and easy to read book on bankruptcy. The Bankruptcy Kit is an extremely helpful and informative book on an issue that is sometimes very confusing for the 
The Little Thing Above The i. This book was great, and the end was amazing. If you have read his other books, you kind of expect the suspense, but just 
Pass the mutton!. This is a coming of age fantasy that young teenagers will enjoy and an out and out comedy for everyone else. The main character, a young girl 
The Horse Breeds Poster Book: A Kid s Review. This book was great!!!!!!!!!!! I think the posters were beautiful, but they could have made them bigger, so they could fold 
Casanova Was a Book Lover. Hamilton can be witty or hilarious depending on the subject. He is erudite, but plain spoken. His book is well researched. Unfortunately, he can occasionally 
My Favorite. This is my favorite children s book. It is a wonderful story that I would highly recommend  
An excellent introduction to risk analysis. Vose s book &quot;Quantitative Risk Analysis; A Guide to Monte Carlo Simulation Modelling&quot; is an excellent introduction to practical quantitative risk analysis.The book is 
Oliver Twist: a very great book. Crooks and conspiracies, Oliver Twist by Charles Dickens is a tale about a young boy, Oliver Twist, that must face these struggles. Orphaned from 
My review of the 5 - Factor Diet. I m still going through this book and finding lots of helpful tips. It has great information and is the type of 
A deftly written and engaging presentation. Return Of The Revolutionaries: The Case For Reincarnation And Soul Gro-ups Reunited by Walter Semkiw Occupational Medicine Physician and the Founder of the Pluto 
GREAT READ. This is my first book by this author. I loved it. I constantly search for new authors and generally buy books because of the author. I will certainly 
Impossible to Put Down. The precedent for any book about the history of the modern Civil Rights movemen  
Don t listen to the Naysayers: Results for the Dedicated. I tried a lot of programs and work on my own and this book really helped me focus and get 
This book is great. This book is one of the best books in the world. I have read it and I want to see the movie. Anne Holm is a 
A remarkable and lucid book. A wonderfully written book that cuts through the myths and speculations concerning Bill s life. A view of Shakespeare s life as he lived it. 
The Suicidal Mind, Autopsy of the Suicidal Mind. Both of these books written by Edwin Shneidman Ph.D are insightful and stimulating reading. They make for good starter texts for people 
The best book on the subject I ve read. Andy Caponigro in very simple and understandable manner describes very complicated techniques. Instructions are clear, thoughtful, honest and helpful. I found 
Piggelicious. This book is absolutely delightful! Few of us are aware how rich and varied our farm yard animal s history is. This is a great book for adults and 
This book changed my life in college. I read Learning Outside the Lines my Freshmen year in College and it changed my life. I have a math learning disability and 
Excellent book to learn Katakana. This is a fantastic visual practice folder on how to pronounce, write and learn the Katakana letters in the japanese language.  
recommended. This book provides fascinating details of what life was like for children in Colonial America: How they played, what their education was like, what they wore, etc. The information 
Hard Truths - Harder Solutions. This book is a bone-chilling wake-up call. The author quite convincingly demonstrates the Nazi Germany analogy in regards to radical Muslims and the threat that 
Very Ambiguous Time in Arab Muslim history WELL WRITTEN. Its torpid reading but very insightful and eyeopening. It makes known the scientific and mathematic achievements that we take for granted 
Great story with a lesson included. I am adding this book to my collection of favorite children s books. I m storing them up for grandchildren when they come along 
Automotive Electrical Handbook. Great book for learing how to wire a car from scratch. Although written in 1986 and a lot of references are made to kit cars and VW 
Wonderful. The author s knowledge and understanding of Madrileno culture, history, literature, art and psyche are impressive. She brings all these elements together to form the big picture, and the 
THE ART OF THE MOVIE. With any of the big-time, franchise, summer blockbuster films you always get a flood of merchandising, of course. Batman Begins is the start of a 
This book is a classic!. I recently modified a program I wrote so that it would do operations on polynomials with multi-precision coefficients. For this, I turned to Knuth. This 
This book turned me into a writer. There s a reason this book has been in print since 1934. It s a classic. It s the book that turned me 
An EXCELLENT guide for first or second year grad students!. I would highly recommend this book for ANYONE planning to pursue a graduate degree in the sciences. Those early in 
Slow going, but worth while. Uncle Tom s Cabin by Harriett Beecher Stowe, is the story of several slaves and their life in the south. A Kentucky slave owner, Mr. 
Hemingway reincarnated. Just re-read again. Great story, brilliantly written. It s readers will appreciate the wolf over most of their human acquaintances.  
More of Orwell?s great writing in this excellent series. This is the third of four volumes of writings by George Orwell and edited in part by his widow Sonia Orwell. 
Won t leave home without it. nuff said. Though it could use better maps...  
Great wit continues, only slightly abated. Dry and Running with Scissors were incredible. Possible Side Effects is also a great read, only it s slightly less edgy and slightly less 
Excellent read for insight. I believe it to be good for the following reasons:It is easy to readTo the pointHas plenty of examples, graphs, etcI could not put it downI 
Colorful and Informative. If you want to know your whelks from your wentletraps from your limpets, then this book can help. Besides gorgeous color photos of shells, it gives lots 
The First of its Kind. Perhaps the most influential work ever written, and a shining beacon of modern scientific thought. This book is the much needed breath of air the 
Kept me awake all night!. I love Nora s books because sometimes I just want to sit back, relax and not think very hard. Sanctuary has lots of characters, a 
Imprescindible. Every serious scholar in Kant or Theology must owe this superb volume. It contains many unknown and important works in order to achieve a complete and accurate vision of 
Interested in Native American Spirituality. If you re interested in Native American Spirituality then I would read most all of Eagle Man s books. He provides great insight into the 
Super book for the 3-5 set. My daughter s pre-school teachers read this book, and it was a huge hit! My daughter begged me to bring home a copy from 
Yes, yes yes!. I am completely thrilled that they reprinted this book. I have an original 1941 edition that I have been reading and rereading ever since I got it. 
A sensitive exploration of Japanese attacks on Americans of Japenese ancestry. Sixteen-year-old Eddy Okubo is tired of just sitting around Honolulu helping his father fix up boats. He has already 
Great for Homeschoolers. This book was our 3rd grader s homeschool reading assignment. He is a reluctant reader, so it took him a while to finish it. The vocabulary is 
extremely insightful. First off I d like to begin by saying that I haven t read the book entirely. I m about half way through. This is NOT a quick 
The Best beginning book I have used so far. I am a programming virgin and wanted to learn VISUAL BASIC.NET. I first purchased VB.NET programming for the absolute beginner and 
Mage the Awakening s Big Book of Occult Correspondences . This is essentially Mage the Awakening s answer to the question of Where are my Path books? It goes over 
Top companion to any European trip!. I recently went on a three week trip to Italy and Greece with a short visit to Turkey and read Pagan Holiday on the 
Good Book, But Obviously Written From Mickey Z s Point of View. This is a basically a good easy to read book, and probably very useful, because unfortunately most Americans 
Charming and Interesting. I finished all of McCall-Smith s No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency novels and they were so entrancing that I had to try his Dalhousie Mysteries. At first 
Excellent book with CD tools as well. I checked the book out from my library to read for my thesis, but the book is so good that I want to 
Good continuation of the series, but not enough action. As a political thriller, this book was heavy on the political and not so much on the thriller . The prior 
Over 50,000 items categorized for quick reference. Elizabeth Stephan s O Brien s Collecting Toys, 10th Edition is a weighty price guide which could well be used as a price 
Fantastic... at times. The first half of A Simple Story is so good, you ll want to savor every paragraph. The plot climaxes when the two strong-willed, intelligent, lovable protagonists 
Truly a skeletal key. A very good guide to Finnegans Wake with amazing insights, but it s often difficult to see how they came about. While many things are purposely 
Old School Ways Super!. I loved this book. I really am into those old school ways for children and this is the book. I think we need to discipline this 
Charlie Kaufman is a Genius!. Charlie Kaufman is a very loveable genius! I use genius as Emerson defined it: To trust that was is true for you, in your secret 
Must-read to get new ideas implemented successfully. This book is a must-read for anyone who want to consistently get new ideas implemented successfully. The book clearly presents the steps so 
Life changing, helped me weathered through a major trial. Some friends gave me this book after my husband announced that he was leaving our 17 year marriage. It changed my 
To Go A Step Beyond. This book is a good choice to begin to learn about the amazing history of the Christian Church.Especially Gnosticism and the early Christian Church, and 
Practical, informative, wise, enjoyable. Although Mr. Hart is a Christian, it isn t until the last chapter that he writes about Christianity s effect on reducing stress. This is intentionally 
Practical & Informative. The title of this book pretty much spells it out: Dr. Sousa explains how brains learn. Considering the subject, the text is very readable--enough to recommend this 
Reader Friendly. When I first read this, a while ago, all I could think after I read it, was,&quot;WOW&quot;. To tell the truth, that book was the book that turned 
Totally Fun and Funny. Nothing is worse than getting fired. okay, some things are But this collection of stories by people who ve been pink slipped is hilarious. They were 
My favorite Rutherfurd Epic. Sarum tells the tale of the historic heartland of southern England, Salisbury. Originally founded as an Iron Age hill fort by the Romans, the Normans gave 
Teach Yourself Visually. As a visual learner, these books are very helpful to me. This is the second one I ve bought in the series and I like the approach 
The Consequences of Tyranny. Allan Bullock s biography is comprehensive. Any history book exceeding 800 pages falls into this category. However, do not let the scale of the book deter 
Hannah s rowdy Southern fiction kicks butt!. One of many Mississippi writers to achieve high respect at least by critics and peers is Barry Hannah, author of eleven titles. His 
I was surprised this story hadn t been fictionalized before. I read this book for my book group. It is a touching love story, and very well researched. The author 
Stealing Democracy makes you see the Light... Wow, is what first comes to mind upon finishing this book. STEALING DEMOCRACY is an engaging and intriguing read that discusses how politicians 
Hi, my name is and I am an Infomercial addict.... What a fun book! I definitely recommend this book to anyone who has ever gotten caught up watching infomercials or 
EXCELLENT. THE BOOK OF RALPH is a gem, hilarious and profound and great fun, and Mr. McNally gets every detail just right. The description of Peacock Alley on page 83 
Celbrity Biographies all in one book!. Very entertaining, Maureen Orth gives us biographies of many famous poeple. If you are interested in true stories of fame and fortune, this is 
Shocking and Revealing. First off this is a fantastic book, and as other reviewers before me have said it is quite a difficult read. Apart from that, I found the 
DON T GET OLDER WITHOUT READING THIS BOOK. This book is an absolute must for every woman over the age of 35. It is not too early an age to 
cool. I like babysitting but so far i only sit for my sister emily. But its fun. I think Kristy s idea to start the BSC was AWESOME!!!! really. I 
Required Reading. This book, from one of the rising stars of the Academy, could not be more timely. Moreover, it is one of those rare books that one can imagine 
Fun read!. This book will make you chuckle!This book is broken down into short chapters, --- each chapter written by a famous Chef and his her experiences in kitchen mishaps.Fun 
Fine book!. Colorful, memorable characters, skillful story development, a lot of real, thriller-like suspense. Both talented and intelligent literature  
Great cookbook for Celiac Disease. I borrowed this cookbook from the library first. I like it so much I bought it online. Best bread and chocolate chip cookies gluten free 
LOVE this Book. Ever since I saw Nigella Lawson on TV, I m captivated she makes things look easy. I would love to buy her other books however I don 
Cruel mother. Lilly is the epitome of a damaged woman whose actions are cruel and who is not even aware of the sorrow she inflicts on her daughters. I read 
An Excellent Guide for Everyone to Detox and Become Healthy. I found this book to be a great tool for all methods of detoxing concerning liquids. The author explains the 
A history of sea life and its evolutionary processes. How did early life evolve in our oceans, and how did they evolve from the sea to become land creatures? Aquagenesis 
Great Search and Rescue book. This book was great, it helped me be able to learn how to trian my dog to track using the air scenting method. It gives 
Your Best Life Now. Attitude is the theme of this book. And attitude truly makes up ninety per cent of the outcome of our journey. Osteen gives colorful examples of 
Light and shadow. The narrator, a poet, Miles Coverdale, describes Zenobia s bloom as health and vigor. It is determined that they, the community members, would not make good market 
A Great Start to a Great Butt. This book is very good for any female who wants to start getting their lower body looking toned and sexy. Most of the 
The Time Machine Review. contains spoilers . This is a good scientific book that is based on time traveling. In this book there is the time traveler and the narrator. 
Great Reference Text. This is a book that I come back to again and again. If you are considering a concealed carry weapon, this book is a great place to 
Where the rubber meets the road. I m concurrently reading Thomas P.M. Barnett s books. Imperial Grunts offers a the necessary tactical perspective against Barnett s Core-Gap paradigm  
Wow ! This book is so very helpful !. Our twin preemies were born at the begining of December 1999, by the end of December we knew we needed HELP 
Going Postal with Messenger. I m drawn to the works of Edward Lee time and again because I know that rarely, if ever, will I be disappointed in what I 
An Inspiring Argument But...... A Diet For A New America is delicately written showing the soft side of the author, John Robbins. He starts by telling cute and encouraging stories 
Women of Honor Ministries. I have found this Bible to be very informative and enlightning. I am very involved in Ministries targeting women and it is good to walk through 
The ultimate free lunch!. Who says you can t get something from nothing. The universe may be the ultimate free lunch and Alex Vilenkin describes quite eloquently the inflation theory 
When reading the reviews below understand they are for old edition. First---as I ve reviewed for the other E&E s, the database is melding the reviews together.I m speaking of 
Outstanding. This book rocks!! I love it. Presented in logical order, and just packed with inf  
my favorite book of all time. I first heard this story when I was 11 yrs old in sixth grade. Our teacher read it to us each day for several 
A Diamond. It is hard to choose my favorite Trollope but this is definitely right at the top of my list. It has everything a novel needs to pique your 
excellent book. Although this is #3 in a set of 15, this is my first book read out of the group. Mr Morrison does a wonderful job piecing together accurate 
A personal story. Green recounts his story of growing up knowing he was adopted. It s a touching story with emotional themes and a lot of fun football anecdotes. An 
A genius at work. Fisher is an absolute must for all investors, amateur and professional alike. He writes down such sage advice that you can t help but be awed. 
An impressive contribution to family therapy studies. In The Ways We Love: A Developmental Approach To Treating Couples, psychotherapist and educator Sheila Sharpe delineates a developmental theory of love relationships 
Love it!. I love this book so much. The story of the fae helping the humans and the great story line will just suck you into this book. I felt 
Women s Timex Easy Reader Watch - Black Review. Women s Timex Easy Reader Watch - Black Revie  
I m not really sure how to rate this one................. I liked this book overall but the concept and characters involving Regina and Blue, is the part that gets to 
A Great Rock And Roll Band Book. Author Stanley Booth had the ultimate access to the Stones. He managed to get a contract for a book on the Band, found 
Ajax made fun. I found this book to be extremely informative. It is written in a clear, engaging style that makes it a pleasure to read. The examples are well 
finally, a diet and lifestyle book with delicious recipes. As mentioned in the other reviews, this is a lifestyle book -- with some common nutrition sense and recipes. Following the 
Like a dream. I read my children to sleep with this book every night. They call it their dream book since they drift off to sleep with thoughts of sand 
Fox s Creation Spirituality between the Contemporary Mystics. Blessed be the One who took off His glory to reveal His loveIt is the day that has no endIt has its 
another excellant book by Pat. Pat uses a lot of history in this book to get his point across,thus if you like history it is quite good, but be warned 
a search for the meaning of Christianity. A wonderful book for discovering the true meaning of Christian love in our often difficult and painful world. I have used this book 
Ludlum s best work alongside the Bourne Identity. This is a true masterpiece from the master of the genre. I would probably rank it alongside the Bourne Identity. This book 
The &quot;Bible&quot; of the German Environmental Movement. This is definitely the book that has had the most important impact on the German debate on sustainable development in the 1990s. It 
Beautiful, Beautiful, Beautiful. I have read both of Hugo s more famous works, The Hunchback of Notre Dame and Les Miserable, and while they are undoubtedly masterpieces, I think I 
superb. I have read no better detailed study than this book. Long but worth it due to the rich detail  
Eyepopping. The average modern citizen in the West is awash in images.This was brought home to me when I was teaching in a small village in Nepal. I was told 
Packed with useful information for moms. Staying Home is packed with useful information for moms deciding on this transition  
English Composition 2 class at UTSA Textbook. I found this book very useful and with an excellent range of topics and readings. Used in WRC 1023 at UTSA. We did 
I m glad I m not a clone. This book is a must for all those who want to inform themselves about this problem, which will mark the history of 
The classic magical textbook and lifelong manual. You can work with this book for at least a year. It contains a full curriculum for developing and refining you own magical 
One of the BEST books I ve read. Just a simple word.BEST Financial Modeling by Excel !!!Level: Amateur -&gt; Intermediat  
If ever anyone got a food text right... ...then it would be this man. This is a highly sensible and helpful text that aims to address a lot of the 
This is a great cookbook!. I don t cook, but I have found Ms. Alexander s recipe s to be easy to follow and very tasty too! I can t 
No More Messes. First, a disclaimer. I live in the author s neighborhood. But after watching her &quot;Corey&quot; behave himself while our two, young dogs made a mess of our 
excellent history of a misunderstood war. This is a great history. For a couple generations marxistsand liberals have used false accounts of WWI in an attemptto discredit the very idea 
Can all men be turned into Metrosexuals?. Some of these reviews may give the idea that Manliness is about squashing beer cans on your head at monster truck rallies. But 
Good writing - good reading. The book delves deeply into logic and mathematical reasoning with quite a bit of intermediate math. While most of the chapters and concepts are mathematical 
Somewhere in the darkness. America s best selling book, somewhere in the darkness by Walter dean Myers has won a Newbery honor award. As soon as you start to read 
5-star pre-review. I don t know if you ll accept a review from someone who hasn t seen the entire collection yet, but I m giving this book your highest 
Great. It is a very good book, I also didn t intend on reading it till after the movie but I couldn t resist. I was really, really, really, really, 
It is good book if you understand the times. The clif notes are useless without reading the book. The book is boring for the first four chapters because it spends 
How do you want to live today, how do you want your children to live tomorrow?. I just finished the book, Beyond Civilization, by Daniel Quinn. It was a great 
Wonderful Little Girl s Book!. My 8 year old daughter and I came across this book at our local library. I was afraid it would be boring, but my daughter 
Author s Review. DIARY OF AN ABDUCTION - Author s Review Angela Thompson Smith Ph.D. It has been estimated that one person in fifty has experienced the anomalous events that 
The Great American Novel. &quot;Moby-Dick&quot; stands out as the great American novel. Billy Budd, written much later, stands as a sober counterpoint. Taken together, Melville s many-layered texts deconstruct western 
Not Just For Corporations and Marketing Departments. Whether you re a small business owner, a corporate manager, orsomeone just starting a business venture, Web Metrics is a must-read. For small 
Miracles started happening as soon as I followed the suggestions in this book. I found this book funny and easy to read. Within a day of doing the exercises recommended 
A must for Sikh History researchers. This book has got all that you need to avoid reinventing the wheel. A must for Sikh history researchers.  
Success through Failure. A Riveting, captivating, and intense story of luck, survival, and clever thought keeping the reader glued too the book until it is finished. Here are my thoughts: 
Murder and Family Rivalry at Christmas. It s almost Christmas, and Aggie Sloan-Wilcox s mom, Junie, and sisters, Sid and Vel, arrive for a holiday family reunion. Only Junie arrives 
The Conservative Mind: From Burke to Eliot. This was by far the most informational book I have ever read on conservatism. I learned more about the history both the good 
Another Idol Falls. On an episode of &quot;The Simpsons,&quot; Bart is climbing on a psychiatrist s bookcase and knocking off some tomes. The psychiatrist says, &quot;Stop that! Some of those 
What a blessing this book has become!. I thought I was the only person who felt this way. I started reading this book and thought the authors were writing about 
Another Generation. I just bought this book for my grand-nephew, who is starting first grade this year. I have every hope that he will find itas enjoyable and useful as 
MOVING AND VIRTUOSIC. This novel is heartbreakingly amazing. Beautiful setting. Beautiful prose and plot, and all that implies. Too good.Andrew Sean Greer is a poetic writer at best.I can t 
A Must-Read for Everyone Who Loves Animals!. Here is the book we have all been waiting for! All Creatures of Our God and King: What God s Word Says About 
I WAS THRILLED TO FIND THIS BOOK. As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release and a creative writing professor at various California State Universities , 
Rothstein: A master criminal of the Jazz Age. This is a wonderful book, evocative of the Roarin Twenties. Grab your fedora and get ready to join Mr. Big in his 
Unique contribution to the study of nationalism. This book has already been criticized as a blatant promotion of the &quot;primordialist&quot; view of nations and nationalism, i.e. the claim that nations 
A fascinating glimpse into the American psyche. Richard Huber s book should be required reading for anybody who wants to know what makes Americans tick, and the values they embrace 
Save this read for a rainy weekend, cuz you won t put it down!. This is my favorite Rollins book thus far. It was my first from him, although I 
Informative and interesting. Many times when we get into non-fiction books we just don t think it will be an easy read. This book really gives great information about the 
Thinkin Fiction - Depth. Ms. Due does not belong under the banner of a horror writer. She incorportes realism, with myticism, the supernatural, but not horror. The people live very 
Deserved the Newberry Medal!. Carry On, Mr. Bowditch contains absolutely fascinating background information about Salem and navigation in the 1700s, providing a valuable context for Nathaniel Bowditch s contributions to 
Nonviolence in the inner city. This book is incredibly powerful. Fist, Stick, Knife, Gun integrates real stories with tangible solutions. It is an incredible testament to the power of nonviolence 
Love it!. Hi, I m 8 years old and I just read I, Juan de Pareja with my mom. He s a Spanish slave who loves his owners. One of 
Groundbreaking work. The lead review of the companion book The Hidden Book of The Bible that likened this to Bible Code type books should really not be reviewing this genre, 
Your thinking about building great teams may be faulty. Boynton and Fisher have produced a small gem of a book that provides a refreshing, and some might say a revolutionary 
Making and Keeping Friends. This is an amazing book. It will help you with your socal life with friends. This book is written for people who have trouble making friends 
AWESOME. i luvd this book soooooo much. it s not like oh ok yea we just saved the day.....again!!!! no it s like so much more than that!!! ok u 
one of the best investing books i red. simple & rational way to bit the marke  
Important information everyone needs to see. Gavin de Becker is not just full of hot air . He knows his criminals and was also taught a great deal from his 
A splendid distillation of a liberal education. Question: I read well enough, but don t feel all that well educated. I am too busy or too broke to take collegeclasses 
Painless Vocabulary. I like the way this book is organized - as the title indicates, by theme. I am not more enthusiastic only because my vocabulary level is just a 
I Couldn t Put It Down. The first time I read this book I couldn t put it down. Literally. It was the best book I d ever read and 
Sister Carrie a review for Eng 474 . Sister Carrie, by Theodore Dreiser, is, in short, the tale of a small-town country girl s attempts to rise to aristocracy in 
Useful message. I always thought that by the time I turned 40 I would have all the answers about my life and career only to be proven wrong. And the 
Well worth the wait!. This is one of the best sequels I have ever read and I have over 400 lesbian romance novels in my collection . When you finish 
You will not put it down!. When I began to read this book I was instantly draw to the character s in it. Ms. Roberts has a way of making 
My Favourite Heinlein. While I agree with most reviewers that this is not his best work, it is my personal favourite. The characters are likeable, and I love that Heinlein 
Not instructional. This book is chock full of beautiful painted ceilings using trompe l oeil. There are no instructional references  
Incomparable Reference Work on an Incomparable Author. Scull and Hammond s The J.R.R. Tolkien Companion and Guide is an unparalleled reference work about Tolkien as author. The Chronology volume examines 
Not in, but thin. I m a pasta and bread sorta person. While listening to all the people around me complain about headaches and always being hungry while they go 
Daily Splashes of Joy. I Find this book of daily reading is a great way to start my day. There is scripture and some uplifting humor in a short form 
Great read, but.... First, I have to say that I found this book difficult to put down. I have devoured everything by my favorite mystery writers Grafton, James, George, McGown, 
Great gift for a trekkie. This was given as a gift and when opened was met with a whoop. I guess that says it all  
Following the Guidon!. This is the first of three books George Armstrong Custer s widow Elizabeth Bacon Custer EBC hereafter wrote about her life with the General. It begins with 
Why waste time being offended?. I loved this book so much I purchased the curriculum. This book teaches that unforgiveness springs forth from being offended at any number of things, 
A very good retrofit strategy... While I don t believe that Elizabeth was totally the excellent strategizer, I do believe she was well advised and did her own thinking. This 
AN AMAZING LOOK AT 20TH CENTURY EXTREME POVERTY. You think you re poor when you must borrow money to pay the rent. But just imagine pawning your last set of 
Do Technologies Evolve ?. Basalla s Evolution of Technology makes the analogy to biological evolution to explain the development of technologies: the Paleolithic chipping stone becomes the crude stone-and-wood hammer 
My childhood favorite!. I have searched bookstores for a year looking for this book. I couldn t even remember the title, but I remember the story and wanted to read 
Better without the vegetables. Dave Barry s work always seems to mix very clever, witty, laugh-out-loud humor with attempts at absurdity I m thinking of the zucchini jokes that just 
Contented Cows Give Better Milk. As the current manager of a retail establishment, I found this book honest, enlightening, educational and very easy to read. It is the perfect &quot;manual&quot; 
Vanishing voices. This is a serious and important book about the rapid loss of language diversity in the world and what can be done about it. It also explains the 
Best ever. Thorough, immensely entertaining, and best bed-time reading in years! A must for anyone interested in language or writing.  
During breaks in bingo.... ...I read this book. I find it a pleasant diversion like Mr. O Reilly himself as well during those all-too-frequent shuffleboard lulls. If he d been 
Lost Bird - A lesson in Navajo Culture. I look through thousands of books a year as a reseller, but I read about 2 books a year. This one got 
Classic text. I was amazed at how well this classic treatise on architecture has held up over more than 25 years. It s a thoroughly engaging history of architecture with 
Complex and Beautiful. I read Lady Chatterly s lover for the first time in high school, and to be honest, it was more for the juicy bits than anything else. 
6 year old loves it!. We bought this for our six year old, but her two younger brothers can t keep their hands off it. They all enjoy the pictures 
Time well spent. As always, Alexandra never fails to inspire me to be more creative, to open my eyes, to live life and enjoy even the smallest things. She does 
LOVE this little book - wish it never ended!!. Wow, I read this on a plane ride and didn t want to put it down. Machen did an amazing job 
Not called &quot;Radical&quot; for nothing!. Initially borrowed this book from the library to see if it was worth buying; thought I would just entertain myself, if nothing else. Read many 
Author Response to M. Cromwell. Cromwell has, whether he meant to or not, confirmed birth order analysis very well. The best relationship for him actually is with a fourth born 
Unfettered arrow sends family into tragic tailspin. What makes the story so interesting is the explorations of individual consciousness created by alternative perceptions of the same events. Dinner at the 
Compulsive Readers Rejoice!. People who read books about reading share an obsession so compelling that they can t help but judge another person s favorite books list against their own. 
Must Have Book. This book has great streight forward and reliable information valuable to every woman. A little too technical at first, but well worth the effort. Can save a 
For Those Who Need to be Inspired. I highly recommend Nine Hills to Nambonkaha for anyone who needs to be inspired. Erdman s account of her two-plus years as a 
Self-Sabotage or Racism?. To even think that African-American citizens have only themselves to blame for their apparent lack of progress in many areas would be considered extraordinarily negative thinking to 
A Good Introduction. This book combines readability with good content, being one of the most often selected introductions to logic and critical thinking on the university level, it obviously holds 
Speed cleaning - you bet!. I m so glad I bought this book. It has given me a truly efficient method for cleaning my house. It is exactly what it 
Leo is Lovely. My son s first grade teacher recommended this book. Our son is bright but slow to start reading. This was a nice reminder of that with humorous 
&quot;Must&quot; reading for anyone who has ever held a rod &amp; reel. Fishermen will find this a fine blend of literary expression and fishing lore: The Longest Silence tells of 
Got Customers? You NEED THIS BOOK!. Jeanne Bliss tells CEOs and leaders exactly HOW to make customers the center of the business. Other authors may tell you what to do, 
Deft, clear, illuminating. Everyone wants to be happy, right? Of course. But what, exactly, does it mean to say that?The concept, happiness, means drastically different things to different people. McMahon 
A King fantasy novel. This was the first King novel I ever read as a child, and I was hooked. Although not typical of King s haunted cars or clarvoyant 
The Moods, Memories and Charm of New England, all Captured in this Beautiful book!. Organized into the seasons, New England Style captures the mood of the New England lifestyle. With 
A Woman Beyond her Time!. Charlotte Smith was a Romantic poet who influenced William Wordsworth and Samuel Coleridge. She had 12 children, 3 died, and she raised the other 9 
A Bible for Flower Gardeners Challenged by Shade. Thinking I needed full sun to grow any plants and flowers, I was prepared to cut down trees and clear land. But 
A great classic Agatha Christie mystery. I ve read a bunch of Agatha Christie books, and this one is certainly among the best. A bit faster paced than some of 
infallible. based on the strength of the Kingdom Come graphic novel illustrated gorgeously by Alex Ross, I picked up this gem of story-telling. The chapters contained within the book are 
A New Voice To Be Heard. There are, apparently, an endless supply of narratives portraying the class inequalities in contemporary Indian life. Few of them have made it into the 
Raise High the Roof Beams, Salinger. I suspect that half the people who declare that this biography is no good haven t even read it and are only too freak 
Real World Reference. Although reviewed most often here as a course text, I have purchased and used this book as a reference source for real world e-business strategy consulting. Having 
Life s Little Messages. A book originally in 1939, with messages and meanings that withstand the test of time. This book provides the following messages in an interesting tale of 
The best pentesting book I ve seen. Now, I ve read some pretty bad books on penetration testing and nobody seemed to get this fun subject right! Good news - 
Highly Recommended. I just finished this book from cover to cover. With Tom Watson Jr s candid narration of his life, I found this book very relevant to myself who 
Hard to put down. I only recently became a Kellerman reader, and I have enjoyed this book quite a lot. I am an avid mystery reader and, even though I 
Organized, interesting, enjoyable research resource. Blacker is a master at organizing and communicating difficult, multi-leveled symbolic language and meaning. She provides an elementary discussion of shamanism that rivals Eliade s 
HUDSON S OBSURE CLASSIC IS A JEWEL !. This obscure classic is a jewel!I first read it when I was about 10 years old, and I never forgot the love 
Oh my gosh GREAT!!!!. I LOVED this book! His wit abounds and I devoured each page. Can t wait for the next installment. He s tremendous  
Knuffle Bunny by Mo Williems. I liked the picture of Trixie being carried under her dads arm looking real mad the best.Trixies first words and Knuffle bunnyTrixie and her dad 
The Bluest Eye. There is really nothing more to say- except why. But since why is difficult to handle one must take refuge in how. The Bluest Eye is a 
A wonderful idea.... In reading part 2 of the trilogy..you get the feeling that the end of the war will be the same..but by a different path.I loved the idea 
Another solid Gemmell book. Waylander by David Gemmell is the fourth book in the Drenai saga. The books in order that should be read before reading this one are: Legend, 
Extremely entertaining -- great book to curl up with by a fire!. Another great installment in Hamilton s mystery series featuring ex-private detective Alex McKnight. In this one, Alex has 
Interesting characters. This book is chock full of interesting characters....hilarious, pathetic, and inspirational. It kept me hooked. Even in the midst of this odd story there is much truth. I 
Seife does it again. A nicely written account of some recent work in information theory. It neatly links codes & computing with thermodynamics & the paradoxes of quantum mechanics, before 
DVD to complement this book sold by Amazon. Amazon also sells a 2005 issued 2 hr. DVD to complement this book. The DVD is titled The Method With Lorrie Hull, 
Personal Review. I found the book to be very interesting. By far it is at the top of my favorites and I would give it two thumbs up. Though it 
awsome book. great stuff! a buch of baseball action, sex, and a big battle in the bulpen  
A real treat for book lovers. Every once in a great while I stumble upon a book I ve never heard of and feel as though I ve discovered treasure. 
The best academic book I ve read so far. This guy Kline is a genius. I never thought I d actually be interested in a book about the US environmental 
Common sense and dignity. The Concept of Mind is a great book for several reasons. The main reason to me is that Ryle clarifies the concept of being human, while 
Melding Economies. The boom Mr. Dent speaks of HAS begun-but is starting in the population centers of the Far East and is being partially digitally controlled by companies here in 
Excellent book for the novice and expert home baker alike!. This book really is for the home baker who doesn t have the special ovens and tools of the artisans 
review of the 1st edition. I have read the 1st edition of this book, and one must say that it is slightly obscure. Some paragraphs are rather convoluted, written in 
The best of an outstanding series. In this moving and dramatic story,Ellis Peters succeeds in doing something I thought was impossible in a mystery - and I am a mystery 
One of the most grounded, beautiful, rich and inspiring books on health I ve ever read. I laughed when I read the editorial review from Booklist, that begins with the 
Not Your Usual Cozy !. When a book is advertised as a cozy it brings to mind a unthreatening, pleasent and possibly an unlifting read. Kinda like sunshine on flowers.Well, 
An all-time favorite. This has been one of my favorites for years, a real go-to book. Unlike most cookbooks that make time claims, most of the recipes here really do 
Billion Dollar Book. When I read that Michael Crichton made almost a billion dollars for Jurassic Park, I was a little surprised. I saw the movie, it was ok, not 
Excellent but not perfect. I m a college instructor for beginning level Architecture Appreciation, and the Leland Roth book is an excellent choice to use for such a class. It 
A must read for those entering their 3rd age or their retirement zone. I found this book to be a concise, easy to read book about the joys and opportunities 
A wonderful addition!!. This item arrived quickly and in perfect condition. It has been a great joy to read and the photos are enchanting. A must read for every corgi 
Eternity s doors swing open with this one... Have you ever picked up a book and after a few minutes realized you had just found something that would CHANGE you 
Outstanding information on Ladybug Metamorphosis. I was thrilled when I found this book! It is so difficult to teach children that metamorphosis doesn t just mean when a caterpillar becomes 
Perfect for the whole year. What I love about this book is that it not only covers the Sabbats, it talks about the rest of the year as well, and 
Great, great book. I have to admit, I am relatively new to the Byzantine Empire. This was THE first book on the matter that I read, and I am thankful 
An Engaging Look What If On the Next Papal Election. Morris West s new book, Eminence, finds the prolific author returning to the theme of the Roman Catholic Church, a 
from the master of poetic prose. As much as I would love to give F. Scott Fitzgerald s first novel five stars, the fact that it is a mere shadow 
Introducing A Book Review. The book is the best short treatment of recent intellectual currents in western thought that I have read. It is especially applicable to the U.S. in 
great book. I have loved many of the books in this series of reprints by the New York Review of Books. Contrary to the criticisms of the previous review, left 
 I could start telling lies until you find one you like. . Unemployed disc jockey, Rick Shannon is reduced to selling records from his sacred music collection when he 
It really works!. I followed the recommended diet for Maximum Weight Loss plan and lost 10 lbs in 7 weeks. My cholesterol level dropped from 220 to 156 in that 
Refreshing Stream of Consciousness Novel. This book merge historical facts with legends and outright fallacies. I do not recommend it for a reader not well aware of the real history.Putting 
A book for all serious traders. Market wizards defines the wiinning behaviour and trading approaches needed by serious traders. Although the trading styles may be different, there is similarity between 
Sponge Bob Meets Shakespeare. I m an old man. And the sea is something I know nothing about. So call me ignorant. Still, nearly 60, I just read this book 
A good one. It was a really great book, but it doesn t beet Heartland: One Day You ll Know. True Enough starts with Amy tring to figure away to 
She s 33, not 105. I am a huge Thomas Hardy fan, and I was not disappointed with this book. At first all the technical astronomical information was slow, but 
Not Everyone s Cup of Tea. This magnum opus by Robert Fisk sets out to unravel the deep-rooted myths the West created around the Middle East to justify its own 
The Problem of Evil. This volume offers a splened overview of the problem of evil in Christian theology and secular thinking.  
Thorough but also entertaining and stimulating. Really a remarkable book in that it covers so much goings-on, countries, kingdoms, people, etc but does so in an enjoyable way. Very thorough 
A good field theory complement. As a student I find Zee s book an excellent book on field theoretic concepts and really complements a more computationally intensive book such as 
A Man Shares from His Heart. I have enjoyed reading the book. There is a great deal of political information in the book about Jim s move through the political 
~All things work together for the good... Great heart wrenching story of the pain and trials Michael faced growing with the shame of molestation hanging over his head and weighing 
Welcome to Pern. The Dragonlovers Guide to pern is a perfect companion to Anne McCaffrey&quot;s classic Dragonriders of Pern series of books. It gives a warm , detailed look at 
A Great Aquilegia Guide. Both botanical and gardener friendly, this book is every bit as good as Robert Nold s last. Although Paraquilegia and Semiaquilegia are mentioned, this book is 
The Essential Book on TPS. I am a former Toyota Engineer and recommend that anyone interested in learning about the Toyota Production System a.k.a. lean manufacturing this is the place 
Brave Journey into Awe & brave, rational return . INTRODUCTIONWhat happens when a worldly Israeli cognitive psychologist goes to the Amazon Basin where he ingests the famed psychotropic concoction Ayahuasca 
Ian Myles Slater on A Classic Civilization, A Classic Study. The Religion of China: Confucianism and Taoism original Free Press edition 1951 is one of a number of works by 
A wonderful recource!. I was impressed by the amount of information they were able to cram into this book. I don t think that there was one aspect of storyboarding 
Not bad. No Certain Rest tells the story of a body found present day near Burnside Bridge in Sharpsburg Maryland. Civil War relic hunters notify the National Park Service, and 
Wonderful journey spiritually as well as around the world . I really loved this book. It s a great story of a woman s efforts to regain herself after a 
Best of the trilogy. The best of the game, set and match trilogy. Exciting, lean and suspenseful.  
mesmerizing. I have read this book aloud, in English and Spanish, to students grade 3-5 and they were all MESMERIZED by it. The reason is that they had never heard 
Winter Shenanigans in Crozet. It s a brutal January in Crozet and the citizens keep warm by cheeing on their favourite University basketball team until someone drops dead outside of 
excellent. I would order again from them and it came in a timely fashion. I was completely satisfied  
An in-depth study of the economic and general effects of tourism upon the Caribbean area. Last Resorts: The Cost Of Tourism In The Caribbean, second edition, updated and revised by 
Good analysis, insufficient solutions. I commend Dr. Hise for being one of the very few Christians that hasn t bought into the prevalent woman good, man bad zeitgeist or been 
Hmmm... Well written book. Very logical. Art seperate from aesthetics is an interesting concept. This book is a good conversation starter, and does a good job of getting the gears 
Great moments. This anthology has great moments. The introduction by Karen Eng promised a lot: yes, why don t women and girls friendships get more critical attention? Movies and songs 
GOSPORT REMEMBERED is a rare piece of history. This book probably has limited appeal, but is valuable in that it shows a parting view of an authentic New England fishing 
Fascinating. Poor poor woman. I could scarcely put it down. But it brings up many questions. Why did she think that Mr. Leard, the Love of her life, was not 
The perfect introduction to Haitian history and culture. Haiti is a country that provokes strong responses and Libete is the perfect introduction to the wide variety of voices that have 
Somewhat Faded With Time But Still Incredibly Influential. Published in 1886, THE STRANGE CASE OF DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE was an instant sensation and had a tremendous impact on 
Incredibly funny. Wow what a book, and what a writer. After i read the books about Mma Ramotswe and her friends i bought this book about the funny dr. von 
Which is more dangerous, insane people or insane societies?. Camus does an excellent job of contrasting individual insanity and collective insanity in his play Caligula. Basically, Caligula is insane. He 
Easy-to-read, yet academic, critique of The Bell Curve. The numerous authors of this tome do a fine job in their criticism of Herrnstein and Murray. They discuss where those authors 
Solid teaching. This commentary has many tremendous insights into the book of Romans. Romans is one of the richest resources of truth within the Bible and John Stoot does a 
One with the Universe!. This book is an awesome layman s introduction to the difficult topic of quantum physics. The author is not only humorous at times, but also very 
Friendship. At the beginning, this book read as if it would be an expose on lunatic asylums in the first half of this century. After a start that was a 
Marvellous. Being a McKenna admirer, this is by far one of the best books I ve ever read on psychedelics and contemporary shamanism. Throughout the chapters I could relate to 
I WAS THRILLED TO FIND THIS BOOK. As a mystery writer with my debut novel in its initial release and a creative writing professor at various California State Universities , 
What A Long Slide from Camelot. Succinct, sensible, scholarly not sneering...if only George II had chosen the likes of Mr. Schlesigner for his advisors instead of the neocon nincompoops who 
Flexible & Adaptable Best Friend?. Dogs seem to be able to adapt and put up with tasks it would not seem they were bred and equipped for. This is the 
A Treasure of Knowledge. This is one of those books that is somehow packed with meaningful facts but a joy to read. There s also an edition of this that 
An epic and personal journey of a theatrical giant. This book is perhaps one of the greatest autobiographies of the modern Theatre. Kazan pulls no punches in depicting his epic 
Masterful Blend of Facts with Fiction. It s 1848 and young Englishman Benjamin Knowles feels drawn to the spirit of freedom, especially as he believes it to be epitomized in 
[billionaire] Oprah Winfrey s favorite money guru - nuff said!. i ve given MANY of these away because...i have lived the life of an artist [translated: not made much money, 
Great classic!. When I first read it, I was too little to fully appriciate it. I recomend it for ages 8 and up. A must read, It is a great 
A key book in the history of psychotherapy. This edition contains an introduction by E. James Lieberman, biographer of Otto Rank Acts of Will and co-translator of Rank s Psychology 
Japan s Culinary Delights Chronicled Nicely in Stylish, Concise Guidebook. Even if the focus has been mainly on sushi and teriyaki dishes, Japanese cuisine has made more of an impact 
Generally interesting analysis of current US politics. This rather thin book could have been even thinner - the first chapter, covering mostly the disastrous results of the current administration, has 
Finally, an annotated LOTR. It is amazing that it has taken 50 years for a book like this to come to Tolkien s readers, but at last and with great 
Excellents Resource for Students of Cultural and Media Studies. The editors, Tony Bennett, Lawrence Grossberg and Meaghan Morris are well known academics and scholars in cultural studies. The New Keywords 
Young, inquisitive minds. Even if your youngster hasn t asked, this book helps the thinking process of asking why . When this question is asked about things that they can 
a classic work on child pedagogy. Here, Maria Montessori introduces a scientific approach to pedagogy. The Montessori schools which she established and developed are intended for children three to seven 
Koontz continues to churn out hits. Year after year I wonder how Koontz can continue to keep his writing fresh and entertaining. I worry that he will become like many 
This is a great book for children!. This is a wonderful book about mideval times for this age group  
Final Truth. Regan Landry is used to solving puzzles. Her job as a true-crime writer is to find all the pieces of a crime and put them together to present 
WORST DISEASE OUTBREAK EVER. From discovery in 1492 to the mid 17th Century, the Americas were hit with one outbreak of infectious disease after another. Cook describes waves of smallpox, 
Realism at its best!!!. Ann Petry s The Street still remains one of the quintessential masterpieces on race relations in America. Although written in the mid-century, its perspective on race 
Wonderful. I was a small bit apprehensive when I began this read as I was not sure what I would find written on the pages of this work. However from 
Decent. I thought this was a decent, easy-to-read book with great graphs to highlight the points made. My only suggestion is that some of the Hypothetical answers seemed choppy and 
easy reading makes for easy traveling. Very few things were out dated when I used this book. Great tips on where to eat, and what to see, and what particular 
Great comprehensive guide for Italy. This book is great for travel in Italy. The background information is interesting, the maps are superb and the LP writers do an excellent job 
An honest account of Kathy s teen years. Being 19, I could see my younger self in a lot of Kathy Dobie s actions, thoughts, and feelings. She was extremely 
For one moment he raised the human race. There is that silly cult movie about wrestling called Vision Quest where Elmo J.C. Quinn talks to Louden Mathew Modine who is 
A Man, His Family and His Land. I m not sure how historically accurate THE GOOD EARTH is and I am also not sure if it is presumptuous for a 
A definite must read to anyone who love the space program!. I received this book as a gift for my birthday. I am aspiring to become an astronaut when i 
Good Book. I just bought Mary Mary last week, my first book I have read by James Patterson and could hardly put it down.I bought 2 more Alex Cross series 
chemistry---addison-wesley. Completely pleased. Book in great condition-just as advertised. Arrived quickly. Will use again  
Hugely enjoyable. I read this for a Victorian literature class, and sandwiched as it was between the imposing density of Middlemarch and Dickens, it was a real holiday. &quot;Lady Audley&quot; 
The Stupid Party. This book has been a major inspiration to me and my way of thinking. It is not very difficult to go online and read any number of 
How to behave and contribute in this KNOWLEDGE BASE WORLD. This book is first published in 1999. Right in the beginning, Drucker defined management as NOT only business management, but 
No miniature this!. MY NAME IS RED is a huge and densely-composed novel set in late-16th-century Istanbul among the small closed circle of miniature painters, who work their whole lives 
Excellent reading. I suppose that this book would hardly require a review being rated by the Economist as the best business book of 2004. Having not read as widely as 
very good book. the book was more than up to Sandford best effort. fast pace and good to the last page... rickc  
May Calvin never grow up!. Calvin is the kind of child that we all dread when they are a child and would admire and pay money for when they are 
Poetic Rhythm: an Introduction. Derek Attridge radically changed my thinking about poetry and prosody. I have been reading, writing and teaching poetry for many decades and have always felt intuitively 
Very interesting, but long in spots. Before reading this book, I knew little about WWI. I saw it recommended somewhere and ordered it from our library. I m not sure 
Great Book. I have to say that this book is a real page turner. It has a great ending, which makes you think again about the story line.  
Extraordinary. Found this little book in the SF airport last week. Extraordinary. All of the novellas are good, but Tracking is a masterpiece---depicting the struggle of a writer to face 
Missing Mom-Keeping Her Alive. Joyce Carole Oates never ceases to amaze me, not only with her story lines, but the depth of the characters in her novels. In this tribute 
Very Informative. Although this book was published more than 40 years ago, it s still worth a read. I found it interesting, informative and disturbing. Although I know DDT has 
Good and to the point. This book is the best for understanding and applying KM in a company environment. It defines what you need and does not make you waste 
Great!. White s Essays presents the most interesting, readable, and instructive short pieces I have every had the pleasure of reading, first when I was a G.I. in 1941, and 
Very good book - would not mind more on finance. Very good book. However the math prerequisite is at quite a high level. Especially the probability theory introduction could be 
An awesome book. This book is very interesting. It reads like a story. You just find yourself reading along and then you realize you ve learned several facts of history. 
Patrick B. - Al Capone Does My Shirts. Al Capone Does My Shirts was very informative to me yet it still managed to entertain me. Throughout the whole entire story 
Fast pace, creepy villainy, heroic younguns, and good vs evil bigtime!. I love a good, scary, thrilling page-turner. It doesn t have to have literary level prose with stunning new 
useful, but not portable. I checked this book out of my local library, and kept renewing it until I couldn t renew it anymore. understanding how to look the kanji 
Discovering the passion for piano through Thad Carhart. I enjoyed everything about this book. From the very first page I enthusiastically followed Thad Carhart through his journey. His thorough description 
Fantastic. This is truly one of the most inspirational books I ve ever read. It really motivated me to re-engage myself with my family, community and career. Not having the 
Engaging book. Roy Moxham s book on Tea is an absorbing read, and is peppered with very useful information and traces the history of tea. Perhaps, Moxham has started off 
A &quot;must read&quot; for anyone wanting to unschool their children. I checked out and read several books on homeschooling before making the decision for my son. The variety in teaching 
This was a very good book. I really enjoyed this book, it s really a four and a half stars. I had read some of the other Blossom Culp books 
good smart book about how colonial Americans drank like fish. If you don t understand drinking, you don t understandAmerican history. Colonial Americans drank like fish average whiskey consumption one 
Non-stop suspense. Absolutely great! A real page-turner. I read the book whenit first came out, and I told my son while I was in the middleof reading it that it 
Best Overview of Cisco Enterprise Services and Solutions. CCDP Self-Study: Designing Cisco Network Architectures by Keith Hutton and Amir Ranjbar Cisco Press, 2005 covers all the topics for the CCDP 
Merwin and the Rhythm of Voice. W. S. Merwin has had a long time to develop his unique style of writing. And it s not the average lyricism that draws 
Wonderful. Although this is not exactly the most engaging of reads, it is still wonderful, most especially due to the depth of the intellectual ideas presented. A must for any 
Looking for solutions. Gene Anthony gives us a lot of personal recollections and adds to the growing volume of insight into a formative time. Some of the pictures are excellent. 
Best Maui travel book. This book was recommended by a couple of my co-workers that have both been to Maui. One of them has actually been 10 times, so I 
1876 by Gore Vidal . Gore Vidal, as he does throughout the American Empire series, makes history come alive in a way that no pure history text could. His insights 
This Book Was OK. This book was good for a short read. It was not as good as the original little women. The book was about 4 sisters Joe, Meg, 
Miller Makes TR s Big Smile &amp; High-pitched Voice Come Alive. As a military officer I always felt like TR s actions with the Rough Riders were more to gain 
The ultimate history of the design of the fishing schooners. Howard Chapelle, the dean of American watercraft historians completed this final work a few years before his death. Not particularly 
Excellent. This book is my second fav Steel book. Beginning near the depression era and progressing throughout WWII it talks of life of an American woman living in France. It 
heretical but genius quality work. though baruch de spinoza was a heretic and a genius he was a great jewish scholar before he was excommunicated and possesses scriptual interpretations like 
Rich. If you understand the culture of the Caribbean, then you will certainly understand, and enjoy this book. As I read it, I remembered all the intresting characters from my 
Entertaining and Fun. This book is well made and visually appealing. Not only a reading pleasure but a pleasureable reading experience that makes it a great book to share with 
Great book for any retail shop owner. Loved the book, all the tips and insight into buyers. Have employed many of the suggestions with great success  
Terrific Book. Robert Caro is just flat out a great writer. I marvelled at half page paragraphs in which he would paint the most intricate and vivid picture about some 
Great Fan Book and a Lot More. As a faithful observer of the characters in Deadwood, I picked up a copy of this book as soon as it was released 
Not for the light hearted. First, I own this book and love it. It is a nuts and bolts book. It literally shows the ins and outs of the program. 
Not just chills and thrills, but something to say as well. This is a well-written collection of essays by Cahill, subtitled Adventure is a Risky Business, that succeeds best when 
THE Adventure Novel!. Christine Palmer,an American doctor is sailing solo when she makes a stunning discovery.There is a man near death in the cold waters.She of course saves him.He turns 
Encyclopaedic!. This book is really impressive in its coverage. The description are quite complete although somewhat lacking a section on the details differentiating one mushroom to its similar cousins and 
A Powerful Work by a Gifted Writer. Frank Darragh s tale is an ancient one dealing with the perils of innocence in a society where paradise is not only lost 
The perfect book for babies. This is an excellent book to read to a baby. My son has loved this book so much we read it to him at least 
Pivot. The book is convincing. It is entertaining. And extremely helpful. Anyone looking for a change of disposition--for either personal or professional reasons--should read Pivot. The relative ease of Dr. 
Call of the Wild. The Call of the WildThe book called The Call of the Wild is a book that takes place in the north Yukon where Buck the dog 
Still the best. Somehow, 175 years after it was first written, this story keeps holding our attention. Not just that, it says more to our modern world than it ever 
Scotti makes St. Peter s a living thing. I read a lot of history, and this book is one of my favorites. Scotti manages to take you along on the 
Very helpful resource. As a clinical child psychologist, I have found this book helpful in both clinical practice and in my role as a college professor. I even used this 
That law of life... that one must grow or else pay more to remain the same, paraphrased from Norman Mailer s Deerpark comes into mind as I wandered wondered through 
An enjoyable and edifying quick read. Highly recommended.I read this about a year ago, so don t have the best memory of it, but remember it foundly.The chapters that directly 
Good ideas to improve any marriage. This is a well-written book about the differences between the genders. The Rosbergs may have let their egos get the best of them when 
A painfully average setting but a bizarre, metaphorical subject. Hard to put down. Recommended. Marian appears to be an average woman with average friendships and relationships, working an average job 
Zowie ! You are on the road to Xenu ! Google Xenu. See what you re getting into. Google Xenu  
Not As Good As Expected. I own all of Danielle s books,though this one is good,I didn t like it as much.Usually I can t put her books down,this one 
excellent series. The final book in the Farseer Trilogy provides an excellent finish to a wonderful series. The build up to a dramatic climax is true to the best fantasy 
Turkey and Great Britain and their treatment of human refugees. An unheard and untold story of World War II. Romanian Jewish emigrants are stranded on an old ship waiting to 
One of my favorites. I have read all of Nevada s books, and this was one of my favorites. I did not find the jump between present day and Civil 
This book is great! MY review I m a skitzo and so am I!. this book is wonderful! It s perfect for a traveler or someone who just wants to 
This is good advise. If you want to start a ladscape companey this uis the book you want!From the foundation to the long run it s full of great advice 
Very relevant book for our time also. This book was originally published in 1952 and was the year s best seller. The book is just as good today. Costain is 
Family History And Memoirs. I am working on my family history and this book will really help me. When you get into something new you need some kind of help 
Free trade and pro biz. Great study material - very difficult read, but a must read that should be taught in high school.Buy this if you support free trade, less 
One of Koontz s better books. Fear nothing is about Christopher Snow, whose parents die in supposedly innocent ways, but Chris soon finds out that what is seems is not 
Excellent info. I always get excited about cellulite books. this one is great. I was a bit confused about just exactly how many supplements to take but think I got 
Excellent Overview. I found that this book gives an excellent and readable overview of the Medicine Wheel and the construction and use of them. It tends to not give details 
A Must Read for Anybody Who Values Relationships. Tony Jeary has done it, again! True to it s title this book will empower the reader with tools to help him 
The Power of Un. I am a 5th grader and I give this book a 5 star rating. The book was about a boy named Gib Finney who went back 
I wish there were more than 5 stars. Amazing, my favorite book for anything at the moment. I m using this mostly with Poser 4 which is great and you 
Valuable collection of essays. This collection of essays will of great value not least to students of Philosophy and Classics, but also, I imagine, to many others.Topics dealt with include 
Lively, biased, and a whole lot of fun. Matt Ridley nicely demonstrates here that there is no such thing as virtue and that altruism is an oxymoron. Instead it is 
North Vietnam Won Because of the American Left. Robert Bork shows how the left wing elites have worked to try to destroy our Judeo-Christian heritage. He has a pithy way 
very prompt. The books arrived so quickly that I got to take my timewrapping the books.  
An interesting perspective on gender analysis. An insightful approach to gender analysis in colonial virginia, which questions our contemporary categories of race, gender and orientation. A bit longwinded at times, 
Rodale s Illustrated Encyclopedia of Herbs. This book has almost every herb you can think of with sugesstions on how to grow them and use them. It s awesome  
Looking at the team s dynamic evolution. Compiled by native Pittsburgher and long-time Pirates fan John McCollister, Tales From The Pirates Dugout: A Collection Of The Greatest Pirates Stories Ever 
Revealing!. A fascinating look at how the US military treated gays and lesbians during WWII. Especially interesting is the military s double standard: allowing gays and lesbians in the military 
The title tells it all!. Judo has proven itself one of the most effective styles in MMA, along with Wrestling, Brazilian Jiu-jitsu and Muay Thai. This book provides an excellent 
Top Notch!. If you are serious about technical analysis and would like to be able to understand the underlying logic, formula, success rate, and limitations of market osicllators and indicators, 
Somebody is trying to talk to you. Years ago I was trying to keep warm at an MBTA bus stop where I read the opening lines of The Dream of 
Most Helpful Book on Graphic Design!. This book is loaded with valuable clearly stated information and outstanding illustrations to demonstrate successful creative thinking and targeted solutions  
The Red Dragon. I really liked Red Dragon. It was very interesting in the way it handled the psychology of the killer. He clearly suffered from some sort of multiple 
A Generous Sharing. This book is the generous sharing of Ms.Johnson s passion of 25 years - the collecting of vintage clothing and accessories. With overviews of all of a 
What it is, and is not. This book provides a series of VERY structured not just an oil pastel, but a black oil pastel; not just two sheets of paper, 
Hurrah For Old Washy!. 1776 is a nice general read on the events corresponding to the first significant year of the Revolution. David McCullough is a nice story teller, but 
Wonderful book, written very matter-of-factly. I read the hard-cover edition which is not in stock at Amazon at the time of writing this. The outcome of the adventure - the 
Lonely Planet Buenos Aires. It is a very helpful tool to make your own tours in Buenos Aires  
.Mac. Despite the fact that I have been using .Mac for yesrs, this book has taught me a ton that I simply did not know. I never knew that there 
excellent book. I used this text in my undergraduate staistics course for my B.S. in Psychology. I was dreading the course because I barely made it out od high school 
Good Reference. The Photographer s Market books are good reference books to have on the shelf but as another reviewer mentioned, they are only part of the equation. If you 
DECEPTION: A Phantom of the Opera Novel-Couldn t put it down. Totally satisfying, could not put it down once I started reading. The characters were a joy, but the adventure 
Good Practical Advice. Good practical advice for improving data quality. Covers the most common data quality problems. Well written. Some other sources to look at online:http: www.dmreview.comhttp: www.datalever.com  
The Sad, Comedic Condition of Being Human. The biggest hurdle I may have in enjoying an author s hard work to create comedic characters is that they often come across 
HAHAHA. This book is a final middle finger to all those who can t see it for what it is. A last footnote to an incredible body of work dedicated 
Well done... Highly enjoyable, detailed overview of a war which, frankly, I knew very little about. Chapter I describing the why of this war is critical  
Very useful for me. I never have used the Tarot to help interpret my dreams before reading this book and I found it to be helpful and unique. I have 
Excellent Textbook. Retain After Graduation as Reference. As an MBA student, I have now had the opportunity to study different finance books. This is undoubtedly the best. The CD rom 
A classic only recently read. The short essays in this subtly powerful environmental classic are filled with poetic images and personal perspectives, some of which have become mantras for the 
Great fun to read!. One of my book club friends loaned me this book and it is a marvel! What an amazing man! His descriptions are seductive and his enthusiasm 
From the male side. Information is power. The power to love and be loved. Holly has captured my interest in some of the ways women think. After many years of 
Amazed Every Time I Pick Up the Book. Greene s easy-to-comprehend summary of physics up to now 2005 is a great read for everyone who is interested in what goes 
OMG THIS IS F IN GREAT!!!!. omg this book is great! I love what is going on w Cammie and Adam. That s strange but it makes the book good 
Aren t Hospitals Unpleasant Enough?. I discovered Ms. James with A Certain Justice and have set my task to reading her entire oeuvre. In Shroud she first exhibits her wonderful 
Great information. The illustrations and photos are terrific. It is jam packed with information  
Raising from their GLASS COFFINS the BLACK GOWNS who . . . plucked Blossoms of SOULS Fearing Never a Thorn ; Who PRAYED BLOOD to SANCTIFY THE BONES OF CATAMOUNTS; 
A Great Read. I read this book with my class in high school, and I enjoyed it then and still do now. I found it an easy read, and it 
I will keep this book in my collection. This is by far one of the BEST books I have ever read. From the moment I picked this book up I 
As good as Robert B. Parker and John D. MacDonald. If you like the combination of humor and action in the tradition of Leslie Charteris, Raymond Chandler, Robert B Parker, 
Finally!. Ms. Wydra s logical and heartfelt respect for this fascinating Asian esoteric practice is inspiring. Her melding of East and West, old and new is to be commended. She 
Getting Started in Real Estate Investing. This book is great because it gives you a detailed look at real estate investing from an &quot;investor s point of view&quot;. It discusses 
Outstanding. I have enjoyed other Yancey books, but this one is the best I have read so far. This book should be read by every human being on the planet. 
ST: Voyager String Theory, Book 3 Evolution. Star Trek: Voyager String Theory, Book 3 Evolution written by Heather Jarman is the third installment of the trilogy String Theory. As I 
Soul Harvest: The World Takes Sides. This book series keeps my attention like a John Grisham book. The writing style is easy reading and it keeps me glued to the 
Lively, entertaining. This book is different than many mythology texts, it is a good read. The stories are more like stories, and they carry on from one story or chapter 
Excellent book. I thoroughly enjoyed this book and you will, too if you want to take control of your life and shape your future  
Wicked. This is the coolest drawing book ever! It helped me draw so now everybody has it! I think this book is the most up to based drawing book ever 
Jackson in the Hotseat. It s about time someone exposed Jesse for the fraud that he is. Pretending to be some moral superman when he is fathering illegitimate children. The 
Practical book to help raising teens. Mr. Tripp gives parents practical tips on turning struggles during the teenage years into opportunities for communication and growth. A great book for parents 
The art alone is worth it!. Despite the rather silly premise of the movie itself, I bought this book for the art alone. I am a fan of monster designs 
Toss Your Skyhooks or Tiptoe Away From Dennett s Book. In the early 90 s, Dennett taught a seminar on Darwin & Philosophy - most of that college course is 
Girl s and their Horses. Girls and their horses is a okay book it is short stotybook which I hate but it tells the life of Rodeo girls and babysitting 
Best pregnancy journal available!. This is the best pregnancy journal I have found! It helps you track the outcome of your doctor appointments, weight gain, month-by-month progress, etc. In addition, 
Portion Savvy: The 30-Day Smart Plan... My physician husband recently used this book to achieve a 30 lb weight loss in 3 months. This is what he called &quot;Something they 
Coming Out in 1969. The Price of Salt changed my life. I used to drive an ice cream truck in Long Beach CA and would stop by the pier at 
A great book and a good start for great story. I just finished re-reading The Gunslinger. I must confess that when I read it for the first time I was 
illustrated survey of the influence and diversity of visual culture. HIDDEN TRACK - How Visual Culture Is Going Places, edited by Robert Klanten and Sven Ehmann. Die Gestalten Verlag, Berlin, 
Has it All for Professional or Amateur. Larousse is a classicist and presents classic Western cuisine in this book.The book is geared towards the professional in several ways. Firstly, it 
Spooky. Entertaining. Good read. I loved this book. Hard to read it alone at night, especially if you are the only one in the house. A great horror book! Classic 
Book 5 of a terrific series. Not as good as the rest, but worth while. There are 5 books in this series. Reading them in order does make a difference. 
The book grows with age your age . I tried to read this book in my 20 s; the book fell from my hands. I tried again at 40. The 
Close as I ve seen. As one with an understanding of Hebrew and Greek, physics, and other universal absolutes, I must say that Del is as close as I ve 
Great for Self-Study of Applied Engineering Mathematics. I ll begin with the one problem I ve found in this book the only reason it doesn t get five stars : 
A Modern Master delivers again. I m completey caught off guard by the most recent review I just read dated 6 5 06 and given 1 star. Without reading the 
Great Mother s Day Gift. While some characterization is overstated, the truth rings true enough to bring smiles of recognition. Always fishing for a perfect mother s day gift, and 
This has been my son s favorite for months now. I bought this book for my son when he was 12 months old and at 20 months old he still 
Not such a bad book, at all. After reading this book, I felt that Margaret Atwood was trying to get across to her readers that marriage is a vanishing way 
The Book Most Americans Ignore. It s a shame we live in a time when our freedoms are being taken away by the &quot;Demonic&quot; Federal Government. We have lost the 
The Camel Club. Mr. Baldacci is the kind of writer you want to read all his books as soon as they come out. Hate to put the book down, keeps 
Amazing man; amazing life. Even if you re not a physist you will love this book  
Very enjoyable. I like the character of Cadfael, who has come to the order later in life with a full history of experience behind him. There are interesting secondary characters 
A symbollically non-Euclidian adventure in mountainclimbing. This is one of those secret books passed from friend to friend, artist to artist. My own initiation into this work certainly came at 
Well worth reading. Morgan Wootten is probably THE most successful high school basketball coach, and his book is one that I believe coaches at all levels can benefit from. I 
Great summary. Mr. Koenig puts everything down to minute detail. Too bad we don t have enough believers to see our country act accordingly  
An excellent introductory work. This is a book about Western philosophers and not about world - philosophy. It is a popular guide and has good descriptions of the individual philosophers 
Five stars are not enough. Virtually everyone here seems to agree with me, so I don t think I need to repeat these sentiments, so I ll just say this. 
Good fiction, better science. It s been a long time since I ve sat down to read a novel, and I had a difficult time putting this one down, finishing 
a thrilling adventure. I liked RISE OF A HERO even more than FALL OF THE KINGDOM, and that s saying a lot! All three of the young heroes in this 
Lessing: A Voice Needed in the 21st Century. I teach college sophomores in a Humanities course where we spend 4 semesters trying to answer the question &quot;What does it mean 
Sweet Book!. My 2-year-old daughter LOVES this book and asks for it all the time. The story is so sweet and simple, but with wonderful vocabulary and rhyming words. A 
Mind provoking and entertaining!!!!!500 stars. Always good to read contrarian views. It does not mean you have to agree with it. I bought this book after reading reviews and most 
Farewell to the King. There will be another novel, FIDDLERS, a novel of the 87th Precinct, to follow in September, and who knows how many collections of short stories and 
SAM S EARLY PLAYS ARE AMAZING. WOW! This book is absolutely electrifying. I was first turned on to Sam Shepard from reading &quot;True West&quot;, one of his later amazing plays. 
Great Book. I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It is well written, has colorful characters and the plot is great. I couldn t put it down  
Number 3. I can find nothing worng with this third book. It is less haunting and more neccisary and vital to read because of all the new Charactors.you ll start 
Along with the rest. If you don t have a copy or five of this book, you just don t know, yet. I buy a couple copies a month to 
Required reading for network administrators. The purpose of Nessus is to provide an Open Source Solution for network auditing on all Unix like systems. This book not only details using 
Drucker strikes gold again!. Mr. Drucker has done it again. This books dispels all those olde management rules and tells you how to manage for sucess. Drucker continues to guide 
Great resource. This is a really good book ... if you know what you re getting.Peterson says in the introduction that he wants to write a unique cookbook that isn 
Best recipes with mixing amounts included for differing pan sizes!. I just made a wedding cake for my cousin s wedding and this book was clearly the best as far 
The A standard. Robbins has provided the new standard for political ecology texts, at least in geography, although this book is far different from a mundane textbook. He summarizes both 
Great Book. Gen. Doolittle is an extrordinary man. This book is filled with several of his exploits from the early days of aviation to modern times. In it he recollects 
Death of a Republic. This narrative tale of the fall of the Republic, by the end had me wishing the Republic would somehow be restored. Before i read this book 
Indispensible for studying U.S. Religious History. Catherine Albanese s treatise on Nature Religion in the U.S. is probably her best known work, although it is by no means her only 
Mnhei sahe returned. The Empty Chair is the final book in a five-book series that began 22 years ago.In 1984, Diane Duane wrote an original Star Trek series novel entitled, 
Great Buy!!! Easy to Read and Understand. This book was a big help to me. Having only a basic education in accounting, this book laid it out for me in 
The only dehydrator book that you ll need!!!. If you are only going to buy one book--this is the one!! It covers everything, yet is not complicated or overwhelming. It 
Mystery lovers will love this book. My seven-year-old son says that he wished it were more entertaining. I guess I feel somewhat disappointed that he races through to detect clues 
Great motivation. I purchased this item for the stickers and I have found that they really do motivate my 16 1 2 month old to use the potty. She started 
Best book on ADD HD yet!. The DaVinci will find this book a mirror of his her being. Loporto has nailed and reaffirmed my own life experience. I have just 
The real life of wolves. NEVER CRY WOLF starts out as one more take on that old standby; the incompetence of the government. In this case, Canada and its rather 
Science Discoveries, Condenced Version. I found the book very interesting and informative for all. The Author composed scientific facts with the possibilities of others to come. He has a way 
Wonderful. I had to read a biography so I picked an amazing artist, George Harrison Behind Sad eyes teels his life from his small years to his sad death a 
Beautifully written, fully-realized characters. John Yount is one of our truly underappreciated writers. He s able here to inhabit each of the three characters: Edward Tally, the estranged father and 
A work of applied philosophy. On of the most basic conflicts in any management is the conflict between quality do it right and output do it fast . Crosby starts 
Pompeii and circumstance. Having only just begun his examination of the ancient dead with, Bodies From the Bog a title that bears more than a passing resemblance to a kitchy 
This book is great. Jeff Smith has again astounded me with the hardback publishing of the Dragonslayer series. A great plot, witty dialogue, and precise drawings make this one a 
My favorite so far of the Bronte sisters. I ve read Jane Eyre and Wuthering Heights and found them dry and unable to hold my interest, which I thought this 
basquiat comes to life in vivid color. Basquiat is one of my favorite artists. I was first captivated by his works that were used in conjunction with Mya Angelou s 
Triumvirate of Suspense. This is a wonderful compilation. Some novels were better than others, however, they were all enjoyable. Despite my worst fears the print size was not compromised to 
The Wonderful Wilfred McDonald Partridge. This book Is about a boy with 4 names who lives next to a retirement home. He knows everyone in there and helps them in 
The Cat s Pajamas. Walk, no - run to your nearest locally-owned bookstore and order this little puppy. Art & co. are North America s foremost experts on greywater use, 
Great Porsche Book. This book is a must read for anyone who owns or even just admires an early, mid, or late year 911 and enjoys its performance.Simply stated; the 
How Hauss-mann succeeded in revamping Paris. How did the transformation of Paris change Europe and the world? It began with the Napoleon III regime and the work of one Baron 
Loved the book! Did have to overlook some of the minutiae, though. This is a perfect book - educational, entertaining, strengthening. The main character, Una, was at times restless, at 
Best Kanji Cards on the market. As the other reviews have said, these are hands down the best kanji cards I ve come across. I ve seen or used almost 
A Mind Probe Into Un-Reality. There are several excellent reviews already on this page, and I can t out-do these excellent reviewers. However, I certainly can say that I concurr 
A stunning work. Leonard Meyer once again proves he is one of the great thinkers about music in this fantastically wide-ranging book. The subtitle, Theory, History, and Ideology is not 
Keeping the other Elites on the Run. Sorry, Laura. I just had to use it. This was the book that started me reading more and more about politics, and the 
An accurate and wonderfully performable translation!. When you think of Greek tragedy and Euripides what immediately springs to mind? A desperately dry philosophical volume? Believe me, that is not the 
The Hour of the Star: Clarice s remarkable sensibility. This fantastic work analyzes the meaningless life of a pitiful character, Macabia, who used to think that since she was alive, 
Mr. Popper s penguins By: T. M. I really liked this story. I think some of the strengths are all of the penguins and how curious they are. It also 
Comprehensive and Engaging. I love this book. It offers an extensive history of the Italian American experience. This book is used as the textbook for a course I took, and 
Enjoyable read, very informative. This is an excellent book about the life and work of a legend. Richard Schickel gives us a close look at the free spirited man that 
Worth the price. Looking at the price of this book you might precieve it as a bit expensive but don t be decieved. If you are taking an evolution course 
Enlightening Book about the Poor. My first book by Orwell was Animal Farm which fascinated me and that I have read several times since leaving secondary school about three decades 
Gemmell s back in form. After the very mediocre novels In the Realm of the Wolf and The First Chronicles of Druss the Legend , Gemmell turns out a decent 
A Powerful Polemic on the Inner Struggles for Peace. Since I am agnostic, I held some trepidation at reading this book, worried about excessive religious overtones. This isn t about 
Good service, good product. The book came fast, and it came it very good shape. It is my summer reading book and I am looking foward to reading it  
Excellent Book!. The author does an excellent job giving the point of view of a child in this situation of child neglect and abuse. The boy s mother would frequently 
A most delightful read. In Espresso Tales, the marvelous sequel to 44 Scotland Street, Alexander McCall Smith once again displays his mastery of getting inside his characters heads, whether they 
Why so many misconceptions?. I m astonished at the tenor and number of negative reviews A Theory of Justice has garnered from the right. This is especially surprising because Rawls 
A Masterpiece. I believe this is the best non-fiction book of the 20th century. It is about how vitality grows and can be fostered in cities, in human communities. But 
Richie s Picks: CRISPIN: AT THE EDGE OF THE WORLD. What kind of men -- I wondered -- were these that killed by day, drank by night, but prayed each 
Good Tastes, Love and Wisdom. This cookbook has been one of my favorites ever since it first came out in 1990. Now 15 years later, it is ripped, worn, bent, 
Fall of an aristocrat. Yes, a bleak picture of a decaying world. Few writers have walked the line between farce and tragedy... --or between satire and tragedy--as well as Waugh. 
Political Philosophy and the question of black existence. Sylvia Wynter has said that it is the challenge of the writer to create new &quot;forms of life.&quot; Lewis R. Gordon has 
&quot;Read this book!&quot;. This book contains numerous nuggets of wisdom. Dr. Gettis captures the essence of what it takes to live a happy,spiritually fulfilled life. Anyone who follows the advice 
Fascinating and brilliant. This is my favorite book! It s fantastic! You can t put it down and the stories stay with you for years. You can pick it up 
Cactus Hotel. This is an excellent book for children for learning about the interaction of plants and animals in the Southwestern desert environment. Many multi-disciplinary activities can be developed using 
An uplifting pioneer story for girls. I read this book for the first time as an adult and found it delightful. Caddie Woodlawn is an excellent role model for girls 
Sensible Training Method. The techniques in this book use mother-child interactions prior to weening as the ground work for post-weening work. Very practical and compassionate use of corrections and praise. 
Lost trust for media information that constantly changes. I ve been through & tried the low no fat diet that was widely supported in the media in the early 90s. 
 Why Should We Not Come to the Very Eastern End of the World? . The third book in the Chronicles of Narnia or the fifth if you re reading 
Viles Bodies. It always takes me half a novel to forgive Evelyn Waugh for not being P.G.Wodehouse. . . His writing has the whimsy of Wodehouse, but he didn t 
Baseball even if your don t know the game. I am not a sports fan so I don t follow any of the happenings in those fields. Therefore, I was 
excellent novel about anti-semitism, politics. Yakov Bok is a humble Jewish fixer carpenter living in Russia in 1910. He leaves his small village and moves to Kiev, looking for work 
Upon the Head of the Goat book review. I think that you should read this book because it is clear and it gives a good description of what it was 
A sharp study of boxing-- and mortality. This is, for my money, Plimpton s best book. Informative, funny, philosophical there s a long section on the deaths of authors-- how 
Stories with heart... and soul. This is a wonderfully inspirational book. I think any quilter will enjoy piecing through it. You will laugh and probably cry. It is that heartwarming 
Great Argument. This book is a great example of rational thinking. The way Paley states his argument is flawless, and he uses all the resources available by his time. His 
must read for people who expect to eat in the future. This is an outstanding work, highlighting the very likely risk of future global food shortages and food price inflation. 
fun way to approach feminism. this book is a great new approach to feminism. although a lot of it is outdated---who wants to hang out with gwynth paltrow anymore? it 
GREAT JEWELRY BOOK!!!!. I am so happy to add this wonderful costume jewelry book to my collection of reference books. Very well written and I love the sections on DeLillo, 
For Love: Thought Provoking. For Love is a subdued, mature chronicle of a woman coming to terms with adult relationships. This book tells the story of Lottie, a woman haunted 
Memorable. Wickedly funny and wildly entertaining, &quot;The Dog of the South&quot; is a book to be read, enjoyed, and forever cherished  
more good work . . . from Rabbi Telushkin. What makes this book special is that, to a greater extent than his other books, it discusses not only the Five 
Dirty Barry Strikes Again!. After reading novels such as &quot;Night People&quot; and &quot;Baby Cat-Face&quot;, I am tempted to paraphrase Norman Mailer and claim that Barry Gifford &quot;is the only living 
Funny Stories for the Subway Commute. Reading the reviews here, it looks as though the people who enjoyed this book have moved on to other things in their lives while 
Great general purpose book. This takes you from the basics to more advanced topics. It s a great reference  
A gripping read and an excellent reference work. First, the downsides: Brock s book is lengthy, dense, and involves a huge cast of characters which is sometimes difficult to keep 
Deeply Challenging!. As I read Humility by Wayne Mack I could not help but draw comparisons with C.J. Mahaney s excellent book by the same title. I am glad to 
Blends in-depth case histories with profiles of insights. Our Separate Ways examines differences between black and white women s trials and triumphs as they rose in the business world; but 
A Manifesto For Change. An incredible eye opener. Sam Harris presents in a logical, well documented fashion, a way of looking at organized religion that, I think, lurks in the 
Best translation I ve read... I love Kaufman s translation of Faust for many reasons, but one of them is that it is normally printed facing the original German. Even 
Awesome....98 of it its... Pat Buchanan s book, Where the Right Went Wrong, attempts to demonstrate how the traditional conservative movement in America has slowly been straying from its roots 
What It All Means..... As David Catrow tells us in his introduction, ...For me, the Constitution is a kind of how-to book, showing us ways to have happiness, safety, and 
Career saver. This is a GREAT book!!If you are having issue with hand numbness, upper back neck tightness, PLEASE read this book and give it a try.Years back I had 
A Wonderful Gift. This beautiful calendar will make a very special gift for any mother-to-be. I purchased it for my daughter, whose 2 year struggle to get pregnant finally succeeded 
Great book to help understand what makes a leader. After giving a first hand account of four U.S. Presidents Nixon, Ford, Reagan and Clinton , David Gergen provides qualities which 
How to Preach by the Book. For the benefit of twenty-first century readers, the Harold John Ockenga Distinguished Professor of Preaching at Gordon-Conwell Theological Seminary, Haddon W. Robinson, Ph.D., has 
Good guide for Spring. This book facilitated implementation of AOP to modularize crosscutting concerns of transaction management, logging, exception handling, security, static dynamic pointcut interceptors, performance monitoring, auditing, cache management, 
We All need it. This book should be read by all HR Professionals.I wont waste your time in reading the review, just order it, and do not hesitate.I read it 
A Good Solid Enjoyable Read. Metropolitan left me wanting more and City on Fire delivers. OK the politics and conflicts are a bit like a formal game of chess, but 
Mary Magdalene is in the House!. What a book. Just when I thought he couldn t outdo his Gospel of Thomas, Tau Malachi delivers this absolutely profound work, Saint Mary 
4 and 1 2 stars. This was my first Koontz novel and, as a mystery horror novel, the book does very well. I love to read and enjoy changing it 
Grotesque, Brutal, Exhilerating. Naked lunch is a whirlwind of journalistic genius. It is about William Burrough s descent into pure obscenity as a junkie in the seedy underworld of Tangiers, 
a very enlightening book. Pay no attention to reviews about this book. Read and dicide for yourself what is going on in these 500 pages of mind boggling information. You 
Good Job Harrop!. A great book for any level of fly fisherman. The stories and images will make you want to hit the river now!!! If you a tier, it 
Wow. This is one of my favorite in the series so far. The characters are well developed proportional to their respective roles. Also, this book develops the overall series plot 
This Book is Fantastic!!. Word of advice, don t lend this book to anyone as you likely won t get it back! This book was just great, in very simple 
Wonderful read. While much of Christian fiction tends to be overly optimistic, unrealistically wholesome, and often just plain sappy, Cramer injects much more realism and intellect into his prose, a 
A Good New Translation of an Old Classic. DON QUIXOTE was written exactly 400 years ago. Therefore as you can imagine it has been reviewed countless times already. It is 
GREAT!GREAT!. Thie was required reading for a class I took and it is an amazing book! Mary Daly is well known in the feminist arena. This book helps show why.I 
Sacred Journey of the Peaceful Warrior. I liked this book, but really liked the previous one much better  
Atoll times. This book is fascinating on many fronts. First, it is a quite readable and informative biography of Louis Agassiz and his son Alexander. Second, it is an account 
A real dialogue. All along his life, Jean-Luc Godard has looked for interlocutors, partners. The form of the speach, discourses and specifically dialogues exchanges, dialectics, maieutic... is a seminal research 
the last word on pizza making for me. i first saw this book in the library years ago and checked it out so much i had to have a copy 
Elegant!. A must read for everyone interested in Light. It explains everything - dual nature of light, polarization, diffraction, interference, colours, light as vibration of the fifth dimension, etc. Is 
Excellent read by Nathan McCall. This book has soemthing for everyone. I recommend this book to everyone b c it has something that we all can relate to at one 
One of the Best Biographies I Have Read ... In Alexander Hamilton, Chernow has written a masterful biography. Long overlooked as one of the most influential figures in the developmental 
God s Work in China Prospers. Aikman turns a reporters eye to a careful analysis of the incredible move of God in Mainland China over the past 30 years. Three 
Great book for teens. As an Indian-American woman, I identified with many aspects of this book. The characters were likable and storyline interesting. I found myself reading the book every 
For Creative Women Everywhere. As a creative woman and professional writer, this is one of the best books I have read on creativity. It is about learning to find time 
Absolutely brilliant and remarkable. I purchased this book probably 5 years ago in a bargain bin and it is without a doubt my most favoutrite novel of the nearly one 
Enjoyed it, skeptically. I was one of the new American Spectator subscribers David Brock writes about who were influenced by Rush Limbaugh and Mr. Brock s earlier writings. I devoured 
insanely great. Goes far beyond what I thought it would with a totally revealing look at how Iranian society has been operating since the revolution that overthrew the Shah. What 
Her best work yet!. Reading Elinor Lipman is like settling in for iced coffee with an old friend whom you haven t seen in a while. Her take on life 
Great book!!!. This book is very well researched and written.I like the format: a brief history of the person and then how he she died and where is buried.I read 
Worthy. I have to speak to the author in this review. Trista Russell, how do you do it? This book was magnificent and inspirational. It moved my heart and it 
one of the most authoritative guides to furniture and lighting designs of the 20th and 21st centuries in print. The third edition of Jerryll Habegger and Joseph H. Osman s 
Thanks, Carl!. Hoot by Carl Hiaasen is a fun read for all ages.The story is about Roy, the new kid at school, who is subjected tobullying by Dana, a notoriously 
All you need to know.... As you know, this is a book for the bathroom with very interesting facts. BUT THE BOOK IS TOO BIG TOO HOLD WHEN YOU RE 
A good investment. Difficult to read at first, even for someone with quantitative training, but well worth the effort. The software that is included with the book is a simplified 
Healing Trauma. If you bring forth that which is within you,Then that which is within youWill be your salvation.If you do not bring forth thatWhich is within you,Then that which 
Complete reference. A well written, complete BB reference for anyone. I hope they release another addition. The book is solid even for men  
Great book, although more recommendations. My husband and I just returned from a 16 day trip, and this book was definitely worth the money!! It is the most up to 
Salute Professor Ted Levitt. Probably this is the last book Professor Levitt shares his groundbreaking and carefully crafted marketing insights with us before his recent death. He died of a 
A brilliant idea!. Many management books prescribe one management method as the cure-all which would resolve all problems. Others suggest that one management philosophy is the only one appropriate for 
My dogs thank you. This is a wonderful cookbook for our fur babies. It has fun recipes and even recipes for health problems. You can tell by seeing all the 
Why can t all chem books be like this?. The explanations and reasoning behind doing certain procedures and calculations in this book is outstandingly good most of the time . 
A Joycean Primer. As is almost consistently the case, the series of biographies produced under the collection of Penguin Lives has once again succeeded in providing a palatable doorway through 
excellent overview and must read for anyone who wants a solid understanding of America s fastest growing alternative fuel. I strongly recomend this book for anyone who wants a very 
Interesting Good Book. An honest Democrat tells it pretty much like it is. We need more books and politicians like these  
Stellar. This book is an excellent compendium of information that relates bodymind experience to acupressure theory, five-element theory, and traditional chinese medicine. Fantastic companion to Iona Marsaa Teeguarden s Complete 
GR8 book for the NOVICE. This book is one of the best I have ever read for all my courses I had in my ME curriculum.Heat transfer is a very 
A Great Future History Collection. This collection of Future History stories was first published in 1951, and it consists of 9 short stories and one novella which were originally published 
Finally A Distillation of Sociology s Major Theories!. Collins work is a must for the serious scholar of sociology. He is able to &quot;boil-down&quot; the four major theories in sociology, 
A multiverse in a book!. I first heard of Cliff Pickover while exploring fractals and strange attractors as art, and eventually I found myself hearing more and more about this 
Vintage Rutherfurd. In one of his stronger efforts, Edward Rutherfurd sets his historical fiction in the New Forest of southern England. The New Forest in Hampshire, England was originally commandeered 
A solid, interesting survey. The Hitler Myth is essentially a charting of the effectiveness of--though not an in-depth investigation of--the propaganda machine relative specifically to how the German populace viewed 
Miss Julia s School of Beauty. I did not purchase this book for myself, but as a Christmas gift. I had recently read the book and just loved it, so 
The best writer you aren t reading. In 30 years, Howard Waldrop will have the same authority as a speculative fiction writer that Philip K. Dick has now.His stories are 
I Have a Dream. I introduced this book to my fourth graders before Martin Luther King, Jr. Day. The pictures served as a dramatic representation of what Dr. King wanted. 
Understand multiple personalities by seeing them. An excellent book that must have been a great deal of work for both the author and the subject. If you want to understand 
What a pleasure!. We have a yellow lab who we thought was the dumbest dog on earth & whom we dearly love , but now I know that he s 
A Boxing Book Unparalleled. Where the most eloquent writers display their best prose is through passion. And the seeds of passion thrive in sex, exploitation, and violence. The human condition, 
best book i have ever read. i was frustated,depressed and lost interest in life.fortunately my friend handed over me this book called &quot;Tough Times Never Last, but Tough People Do!&quot;.it 
one of the best Michner s novels. Hawaii is one of my favorite Micheners. I enjoyed it immensely - all. Starting with the volcanic formations, then the story of the 
Children can be scary to live with. It can be very difficult to know how to approach one s children. Many of the advice books make it sound like a 
Excellent for the beginner!. I highly recommend this book for anyone who knows NOTHING about chart patterns and wants to learn the basics QUICKLY. I love the format of this 
A fascinating story of a life bridging cultures and geographies!. Reading the Orientalist, I am reminded yet again that life IS indeed stranger than fiction!Kurban Said s life is a 
A Book That Kids can Learn From and Have Fun Too. The beauty about this series is that it breaks down people s prejudices. Each child featured has something odd 
Most Informative for ABC Implementers &amp; Change Agents. While Gary has a firm grasp on the theoretical ABC ABM discussions, his greatest contribution is to the mid-level manager who may 
A Hilarious behind-the-scenes... This is a behind-the-scenes look at The Far Side. It amazes me how similar cartooning is to advertising, my profession, in terms of the process, the clients, 
Excellent reference text; Poor choice for neophytes. As mentioned, this book is amazingly compact, cramming three semesters of calculus and a bit of ordinary differential equations into just 800 pages. 
A Jewel of a Book. If you ve ever admired a Faberge egg, you will enjoy this book.The back story is plausible, and well written. The author does know his 
Difficult reading but worth the effort. It is interesting that the pi-calculus, which on first inspection can be viewed as a highly abstract formalism somewhat removed from reality, has now 
Wow..what a great book. When reading this book I felt that Dr. Silber was talking directly to me. In a patient and non condesending manor he brought a lot of 
Pretty good. This is a good basic intro to studying Lear - but I wouldn t rely solely on this. The Cliff s Complete on Lear is MUCH better and 
 Pesuasion Can Refer To The Heart As Well As The Head. Those who read PERSUASION by Jane Austen tend to view it as a book primarily concerned with marriage 
Excellent Childrens Book With A good Moral to the Story. I read a story to my seven year old son every night. He hasenjoyed Tim Egans stories the most of 
One of my favorite movies of all time!!!!!. Back in the 80 s when I was about 7 or 8 years old, this 2 part movie came on TV and 
Too much of a good thing. I thought that I would love this book because I love the work of Bellow,and love literary biographies. But the book proved to be 
If you like JAK mysteries, you will enjoy this mystery with a twist!. The story starts with a prologue 3 years earlier as Colfax & March Security need to deliver 
Splendid Reading. The problem I find with religion s is an Us and Them attitude. You can t get away from it. Chopra utilizes a step-by-step procedure allowing us to 
a very comprehensive overview. I read this book to get an understanding of the history of korea in the greater sense, and also as one of a group of books 
Heavy Reading. Yes, this book is heavy - weight wise - but well worth the money. The photographs are very well done, and the mapage is not too shabby. If 
A great book for dog lovers. First of all the sender was wonderful with the time it took to get the book. I received it in a day! The book 
Sky Tree. I am creating curricula that integrates the visual arts and science. This book has it all.What a gorgeous book to look at  
Gorgeous. Beautifully illustrated, this rendition of the Lord s Prayer gives concrete and thoughtful modern interpretative images to a timeless prayer. The theme is one of loving, caring and giving 
Good, could be better. As teacher of an Environmental Engineering course at Ariel Academic College, Israel and as consulting engineer, I find the book useful, but... Some areas are weak: 
Beast Master s Circus. Entertaining, keeps the story going Beast Master without lapses. Lyn McConchie is an author worth reading on her own standing.  
Very Entertaining. Mary Roach has to be one of the most talented writers out there. Her ability to take any ordinary fact and draw you in is much to be 
Brilliant. If you are in retail or you distribute your products through retail, this is a MUST read  
Fat or Thin, its still Beautiful. Just like her short story collection, Bad Behavior, Mary Gaitskill s novel, Two Girls Fat and Thin, left me speechless. The story seemed simple 
Innovative, insightful. Mark Epstien shows himself to be an excellent communicator of eastern philosophy to western ears. This was a life changing book. I also recommend his Thoughts Without a 
Best history of math book I ve read. Covering millenia of mathematical development, as opposed to the history of some branch of mathemtics, Kline manages to cover the evolution of 
My first book I read by Dean Koontz. For me, this was one of starters of Dean Koontz s books. I really liked the book. Dean Koontz is my favorite 
If you do not have this book, get one and more for gifts !!!. Simple as that-anything Jamee Ruth writes is worth it. If you need a perfect wedding or 
A perfect score, as usual!. This is by far one of the best of Ms. Braun s books. The plot had me guessing &quot;whodunnit&quot; from the moment it started! I 
Superb!. What a great idea. Rather than write a comprehensive text, Dr. VanBelle writes about a large number of statistical topics, focussing on areas that are confusing, or frequently misunderstood. 
excellent overview of scientific understanding of the world. The book is a very readable and sometimes amusing history of scientific knowledge written for a non-scientific reade  
Good start for Ramses. What a good beginning for Emerson & Peabody s son Rames - I can t wait to see how he progresses as the series continues.This was 
A very good book -- but. I am interested in historic architecture -- mostly eastern coast architecture of the colonial period. And this book does a grand job of displaying 
Informative. This book had lots of good information on live bearers. I think it s an excellent source to start out with. If you are looking for very specific information, 
Hammett at his peak with these classic noir short stories. A short story writer to rival O Henry master of the ironic twist , the man who quietly escorted detective 
The bible for uncertainty analysis. Stochastic analysis, distributions, Monte-Carlo. All buzz-words whose meanings become clear with the aid of this vital tool  
Excellent. I read this book when I was 23 and found it profounding, educational &amp; entertaining. It made a huge impact on my life at the time. Every young man 
Pretty good book, and cheap too!. Whew! It is never over. This book has been a pustule on our rear for so long. I will never write a third edition 
Don t miss this book!. When the Bluebonnets bloom in the spring, is a wonderful time to read Miss Ladybird s Wildflowers. Almost forgotten, Lady Bird Johnson had a huge 
Day Trading On the Edge. Day Trading on the Edge is a must read for anyone seriously considering day trading. Instead of focusing on specific strategies or techniques for day 
thought-provoking. This book is concise and insightful. The truths it illustrates are applicable to, not only writing, but almost any other creative endeavor imaginable. Simply replace the word &quot;writing&quot; with 
Surprisingly Good. I am in the group that s grown frustrated with the pace of Jordan s last 5 Wheel of Time books. So, it was with some trepidation that 
Audio Book Review. Witty and gritty crime story! I listened to the audio version in my car and almost had to pull off the road a few times because I 
You Won t Fall Asleep Reading This One!. The Hunt for Red October, an amazing novel by Tom Clancy, is an action packed adventure of political controversy and suspenseful combat. 
Best Ever Sylvia. This book is filled with relevent references to many Biblical sources. It all makes such perfect sense, you cannot read this book and ever consider blindly following 
Wow!. That is probably the wrong word to begin a critique of a book... PROFIT WITHOUT HONOR is one of the finest books that I have ever read on the 
The Stolen Child will steal your heart. This novel is charming, alternating between the narratives of two children, trapped in the wrong bodies and the wrong worlds. I found myself 
Excellent Biography. I m not sure I understand why this book is rated as low as it is. As a fan of Salinger, I have read most of the newspaper 
Hard-Hitting. Insightful. Powerful. Convicting. Of all of his books on leadership, this may be Lencioni s best. It is not just for CEO s. It is for any leader in 
Love the horses. This is a great book. Takes you behind the world of horse racing. Lots of twists and turns. Really enjoyed this book  
A delightfully uplifting book. Donna Drozda s book is filled with inspiring and uplifting words that fill your heart with joy. Every page brings a smile to my face. The 
Probably the Best. Although I have not read this story in the epic, I have read the other two. They are very good. Herbie Brennan tells a very scary, but 
A Very Dear Story. I m 26 years old, and this story is still dear to my heart. I read it every now and then, and it makes me feel 
Amae and the West. Takeo Doi s The Anatomy of Dependence is in truth a psychological analysis of Japanese society through his linguistic interpretation of the Japanese concept of amae. 
Great resource. The Sunset Western Garden Book is an excellent addition to any library. It has great suggestions for planting, varieties, etc. Perhaps one of the best features is the 
Finally some Clarity. For many years I have been reading the various books that appear explaining the development of physics over the centuries. Most of us remember the classroom physics 
Very well written and haunting story. It s a real shame that Jeffrey Eugenides isn t a more prolific author, because he is truly one of the greatest writers I 
 Wolves, please don t cry. . NEVER CRY WOLF is Farley Mowat s first-person reminiscence of his time spent studying wolves in the Canadian arctic. NEVER CRY WOLF, first 
Movie fan MUST HAVE!. This book is a must have for movie buffs like myself!Very handy when you want info on movies, actors, directors.....It s AWESOME!!  
It will change the way you think. The idea in the book is known to most of us, yet we don t realize how much impact it has on our 
Been There, Done That. This is a great study in human nature and a the authors reach exceeding his grasp. The author tried to be both father and husband to 
Must Book for any Golfer. This book was recommended to me by another golfer. He guaranteed me that it would take strokes off of my game. Well, I doubted this 
A Watch Lover s Wish Book. Great book. A must have for the watch lover. Great pictures and text  
Creator of the Tarzan classics. This is the first novel in the adventures of John Carter on Mars #1 in the Barsoom series , where Mars is referred to as 
Beuatiful in B&W. I think Belladonna is beautiful in B&W. With that smooth skin and beautiful hard body, She looks like an escapee from Hollywood s legendary past  
one of the most subversive books i ve read in years. the lord brings it home with this tome on tastelessness in america and how to combat it with dignified 
Magical Reading for Adults. I ve read this book every year since its debut ten years ago. I ve just read it again and I still believe it s one 
Hours of fun and imagination for Maisy fans. My two year-old LOVES this book playset! Even though it s made of cardboard, it s really quite sturdy as she is 
A treasure for Mothers with teenage daughters. This book is a must for all moms with teenage daughters. In this book the author demonstrates how to be accepting of yourself, 
Dan Wakefield CAN handle the truth!. This is one of the most pitilessly honest and funniest books you ll ever read about early adulthood -- late high school, college and 
My niece loved this book. I did not read this book, but purchased it for my niece, who will be delivering twins tomorrow. She raved about it  
Top dog of trick training books. I have read through several dog training books all to be disappointed at the lack of a &quot;trick&quot; training section. I have my 2 
Connecting economic and political development. What is economic development? This book argues that economic development is the expansion of human choice; i.e. freedom and capability to do what we want. 
Excellent hands on book about hoshin. Beyond Strategic Vision is a hands on book describing how youcan practically introduce hoshin planning. It describes the processfrom beginning to end. Prior to 
Great way to explain and prepare for the dentist. My daughter is so excited about going to the dentist now. The book is very informative, so she will know what 
The Definitve Work. This is still the most comprehensive work on the life of Mussolini to date. The reveiwers who claim it has not been well researched must not have 
an optimistic viewpoint. The book was written before September 2001, but was published shortly thereafter. Its contents take on extra relevance because of that month and the subsequent events, like 
A Wonderfully Rich Story!. Perfect Partners is a wonderfully rich story! JAK had me chuckling from start to finish. JAK furthermore has mastered storytelling by keeping the story narrow in 
A Dyson Sphere writ small!. This is another excellent book from Karl Schroeder, but what I was most impressed by in this book was a truly new idea - Science 
Not just for Romantics. Bill Mernit s book is a fantastic read not only for those who are trying to dig into the romantic comedy genre, but for anyone trying 
Excellent early chapter book that is fun to read. Yikes! Our favorite first grader has loose tooth! Another great book bythe author Barbara Park. She has written the entire Junie 
Definitive linguistic study of the cross. This is one of the best studies of the cross in the twentieth century. It is not a comprehensive theological study of the cross. 
An Ancient Quest. This exciting battle story also is a meditation on leadership as the Greeks first attack and then retreat from the Persians across Tigris and Euphrates geography all 
Hercule Poirot! It all started here!. The Mysterious Affair at Styles can only be categorized as a classic among classics. In 1920, on the strength of a dare, Agatha Christie 
a treasure!. I first met this breathtakingly beautiful book several years ago while working at a beadstore. It was an absolute treasure trove of information while I was studying the 
Understanding a culture behind the cuisine. I enjoyed reading Monsoon Diary. Shoba Narayan connects her life experiences with her southern Indian cuisine in a way that gives cultural context beyond 
Useful but flawed. Ms. Ward once again presents a useful tool for those struggling with such basicdecorating dilemmas as furniture placement, window treatments, light &amp; color, and floor coverings. In 
Wonderful book for any age group. I am not a child development expert, so I cannot give the technical reasons why my kids become so engrossed in these books. I 
I quit!. I m not a big fan of the self help genre and never would have read this book if it wasn t lying around at a time when 
Updated Edition. A Brief History of Time has had a tremendous impact on scientific thought since its initial publication in 1988. The Big Bang and Black Holes have become parts 
Great Stuff. My wife and I found lots of great help in this book. Detailed enough for our academic minds. Honest enough to be helpful in a difficult time. And 
conscious expanding observations. Not an easy book for me. I have been reading it , studying it, and contemplating its revelations. So much so, my brain hurts. Mr. Ingold is 
A useful book that delivers what the title promises. I find this book very useful, as it gives you a clear and complete vision of the investment universe avalaible to 
If They Were Smart in 2004...What Happened in 2006?. In retrospect, any team that wins a league championship has done nothing but make the right moves. How could it be 
 The successes of the foolish form the first rod of their chastisement. . Written in 1786, William Beckford s novel Vathek is Gothic fiction combined with Orientalism. While Vathek 
Now THIS is &quot;Man&quot; Cooking!. This cookbook is fantastic. It provides excellent descriptions of various techniques and the reasons for them. The recipes are fantastic. This is one of those 
I give copies of this book as wedding gifts. When it comes to books on marriage and relationships, I rely on the Gottman books, where the concepts were gleaned from 
A beautifully written story of a master storyteller s life. This is a thoroughly researched and beautifully written biography of the life of a great storyteller. Thurman in telling the 
My Least Favorite...but Still a Good Read. This book was as well-written as the rest, but I was disappointed to find that the Scarlet Pimpernel Sir Percy is only really 
Story of... .. persecution of Christians from the Anabaptist Mennonite, Amish standpoint. The book was first published in Holland in 16th century, then translated into German in Pennsylvania early in 
Ananse tales are must haves. I think that I enjoy this story more than my children.Great for children at least age 4 and up.Too lengthy for a toddler.But this a 
What is your Real Age?. Funny thing is, I was looking all over town for this book.Then popped in Amazon, I should have known but I was ready to fly 
Virtual Faddism. Orville Schell s works have always been exquisite. Written in a crisp style, penetrating in analysis, his books have never failed to breathe life into their subjects and 
Great book, in every sense. Douglas Adams wit and style come through in full force in this novel. Every time I finish another one of his books, I cry a 
brilliant.one of a kind. this book was so amazing. it s hard to even describe. one of my top 3 favorites. zoe trope does an incredible job telling her story 
A thoughtful, scholarly, and meticulous study. Now in an updated edition featuring a bibliographical essay discussing the latest archaeological research and discoveries in this specialized field of study, Etruscan Dress 
A Little Strange, but entertaining. I bought this book as a result of receiving Robert Genn s newsletters, which I love. The book was okay, but a little random and 
Loved It. I loved this book and the whole Troubleshooters series. I was hooked right from the first chapter. I love the whole Navy SEAL concept. I wish I could 
Tyler Drumheller Tells it Like it is. On The Brink, is a fascinating look at life inside the CIA, with many insights into the operation of the Bush administration and 
An Oxford Professor s Neutral View of Lincoln. I concur with other reviewers who praise this book for its organization, clarity, and insight. It departs from the usual chronological order 
Nova: The baddest man in the universe!. Forget the hype of the Marvel Civil War; Annihilation is war on a cosmic scale! Who the heck is Nova? I knew little 
A good story to teach about other s feelings. I really enjoyed this book. It shows how sometimes getting even may not be the best solution. Sometimes children don t 
Illustrating the Gap. Jonathan Kozol s SAVAGE INEQUALITIES is one of the best books ever published that illustrates the dual nature of the American public education system and how unfair 
Happy Visit. Lonely Planet Oahu does it up GOOD. We are loyal LP readers and this one carries on their tradition of casual traveling with attention to budget and out 
Beautifully, felicitously, and movingly written. Jazz historian Edward A. Berlin has written somewhat resentfully, for he feels that its very excellence has been a barrier to further, and sometimes more 
One of the best books of it s kind on Rock Posters. I love rock poster art and it s various artists past Griffin, Mouse to present. Kozik, Coop, Stephens 
A seminal work. Very few books have so many quotes as this one. I am not sure if there is much left to be said, but I know this. For 
Very Good Read. To-date may soon be overturned as I m trying a new one from Tim Powers now -- this is the best book Tim Powers has written. I 
Distillation of good concepts. As I hold a PhD in Organization and Management, all these rules, caveats, and plain common sense are distilled into quite an entertaining read on a 
Each chapter a gem. I can t get over how much I loved this book. I m 35. I m a teacher. I m busy. I made time to read 
Post-traumatic Stress Disorders in the Postmodern Age. Berkeley historian and critic, Martin Jay, offers sixteen reflections on violence and reactions to it. He aims the book against Sorelian threnodies to 
THE NEW RULES OF HIGH SCHOOL. I LIKE THE BOOK. I LIKED THE PART WHEN MAX AND CINDY TRIED TO GET BACK TOGETHER.HE WENT TO MANY PARTIES. HE WAS A 
Great book. One of the earlier reviewers complained about Larry Kane writing about how America was during the Beatles first tour. I think its necessary as so many younger Beatle 
Short, quick read. The 39 Steps is actually a quick read and a rather dry thriller. I think part of that apparent dryness is a result of it being the 
An Early Manifesto in the American Food Revolution. Frank Tolbert s A Bowl of Red started out as a series of columns in the Dallas News but it s hard 
Informative and interesting. This book is fascinating and very readable. Flannery teaches us quite a bit about the ecological history of Australasia for the past few tens of thousands of 
We re Born Alone and We Die Alone. Menefreghismo. Tosches does a wonderful job of defining this term, and then using it to explain Dean Martin s whole life.One way 
Are these feelings normal?. I was so encouraged to read this book! After dealing with infertility for several years, I was beginning to wonder if the feelings that I had 
The Monkey Trial on trial. I ve long thought that historical myths about emotional topics, even if they support the correct conclusion, are of no help to anyone. Take, for 
If you want to learn how to cast, start here. I have always wanted to cast parts to fix my lawn mower, go cart, and such. I half way tried 
Very Enlightening!. The author opens the reader s mind to the vast potential of one s intution, and how it can be harnessed for success. She shows the reader that 
Read this book even if all your parrots are &quot;first-hand&quot;!. Please don t let the title convince you this book is only for people with &quot;re-homed&quot; parrots! It also offers 
Exquisite!. The Book of Kings, or Shahnameh in Persian, is a compilation of ancient Iranian stories put in Persian verse by Ferdowsi in the 10th Century. Its earliest stories describe 
Easy, entertaining reading while learning something new. Although much of this book is not for everyone, as some of the investment strategies discussed are too complex, it certainly doesn t 
Extremely useful and handy book. This book explains business principles in a clear, easy to understand manner. The best feature, I find, is the use of real-world examples to illustrate 
Want to get better?. Read this book! This is the book that gave me the information I needed to heal myself. In fact, I am now HAPPY that I got 
Eye Opening. I found this to be eye opening. I have had a hard time finding a book that could teach me about the different religions denominations. This one was 
Classic Spidey. What an excellent idea to chronicle the classic Lee Ditko issues in one single book. Volume #1 gives us Amazing Fantasy #15, Amazing Spider-Man #s 1-20 as well 
Start with the NABC s. I suggest that the reader start with chapter 5: It s as Simple as NABC. To me the how-to description of the value creation process 
Very Scary. It is hard to believe this book was written thirty years ago. This story of an American madman hooking up with Palestinian terrorists to blow up the Superbowl 
Wisdom for life!. Acres of Diamonds is the main work of Russell H. Conwell, founder of theTemple University in Philadelphia.The idea of this book is that in the United States 
A Significant Consensus Study of the Declension of Puritan New England. A week before I was to take my comprehensive exams for my Ph.D. in history, my advisor asked me 
guatemala map. great map. Since I purchased it for a collage project, I just wished it were all on one side  
Examine how you think about software development. Why is software development so often plagued by crisis? Weinberg helps the reader step back from developing software and examine the dynamics and 
 Simply Remarkable . A year ago, I was forced to read this book by my english teacher... At first, looking at the cover, it was red with a picture 
Good sports book. For my book review I read On the Devil s Court. On the Devil s Court is written by Carl Deuker. The book is realistic fiction.Joe Faust 
accurate and useful information. As a natural healthcare practitioner, I often refer to several textbooks to update and review for the benefit of my patients. I have come to rely 
words have meanings. Having read many books on this subject, including the book by D.James Kennedy, I consider this the best. It does in fact take into consideration the fact 
With extensive writings on this profound work. Luminous Emptiness: Understanding The Tibetan Book Of The Dead by Buddhist teacher and practitioner Francesca Fremantle, presents the classic and enduring &quot;Tibetan Book 
Great purchase experience - no problems!. The text was as described with no issues. The delivery was prompt and handled in a professional manner. I recommend this seller.  
Thomas L. Friedman was born a ramblin man. Thomas Friedman s Longitudes and Attitudes is a very readable book based on a collection of columns he wrote for the New 
A wonderful book!. This book is just the beginning of a series full of good-character and fun-filled adventures. It will keep you interested the whole way through. With tales of 
Feng Shui for papers and stuff. This book is EASY to read, QUICK to digest and USEFULL beyond your wildest dreams. The 10 principles are so easy to understand, you 
Love this book!!!. Being a mother of 4 kids, all with mutiple food allergies, I can t say how much this book has been used and appreciated! The recipes are 
A Journey of the Soul via Nonlocal Mind. Dr. Larry Dossey explores the mind-body connection and draws very startling conclusions about the mind and human experiences. He steps out on 
Good for any rank. We all have the opportunity to end up in situations where the protocol in the book will be useful, so read away whether you are the 
This book is very interesting and funny. This is a story about three guys who enlisted in the Army. One of them was the barrack thief. I could learn some 
A bit dry, but a good western introduction. This is not the easiest book to read, but it is full of information. This isn t a mystical book about an 
Dr. Laura s hope for the a good life after a bad childhood. The worst pain that disrupts our daily lives, destroys our relationships with loved ones, and keeps us 
Hallelujah. I love this book so much that I cant stop reading it I even got a personalized autograph from Greg Louganis. It is so good to know that there 
We miss you, Hunter. ...Shark Hunt is a great compilation of Thompson s earlier work. The Kentucky Derby piece is one of his classics and defined a lot of his 
An excellent guide for 12 Step prayer, meditation, reading, guidance. A Key Work on Morning Meditation and PrayerEarly on, Dick B. discovered that there were plenty of meditation and prayer 
A good study on race, class and gender in current America. American popular culture is really explored in this book of essays. I especially liked the way the status of 
Clarity amid confusion. Reza Aslan has written a fascinating, thought-provoking, and accessible introduction to--as the subtitle states--the origins, evolution, and future of Islam. In a world where there appears to 
He never disappoints. This is the story of John C. Wilder and his descent into insanity. Wilder is a highly strung hard drinking affluent salesman, a husband and father. He 
Only for dad s who want their daughters to be emotionally stable with high standards. I was dumbfounded when I read the few negative reviews of this book. It s 
How public opinion is shaped by movies to support power cla. Images manufactured with the intent of directing public opinion to support adventurers and profiteers is the tragic central theme 
Best Leadership book I have read. I have been studing leadership for over 15 years both by reading and experience. I consider this book to be the best book I 
great hands-on activities!. my 5 yr old loved this book! We studied human anatomy for several months, added in books for each system in the body, and she and I 
A Study in photo excellence. This is an incredible collection of photos from today s master photographers.If that isn t enought , Each artist also gives personal insite to their 
Free Your Heel, Free Your Mind. Paul Parker wrote the definitive discourse on off-the-run skiing with his first edition of this book. Time has only improved it. Every skier from 
very informative. A great required text purchased for a much more reasonable price.  
Sorry, Alan... it s not porn. I know Alan Moore is adamant that Lost Girls is pornography, but I just don t see it. Yes, Gebbie s art lends a 
Great read. The plot involves five men from Britain who go to Canada to get to the gold rush in 1897. There real mission is to get there by traveling 
Realistic, Imaginative, Creative Stories Written by A Genius. Vladimir Nabokov uses words like an artist uses paint on canvas ... you can see, feel, touch, and sense the stories on 
A Memorable Trip with Frommer s. My wife and I have recently returned from a six-week trip to Spain. Thanks to Frommer s guide, we had the most memorable trip 
And to Comrades. I was swayed from buying this book which at the time I had read about three times because of a mediocre review on Amazon.com. Despite my fervent 
Technical, Sometimes Dry. Always Good. Let me preface this by saying I love physics. Especially mechanics. The book explains how techniques work and why.Some of us learn better this way. 
Fantastic look into the lives of the last Russian Royals. This book goes into fantastic detail about the children of Tsar Nicholas II. Mr. Gilliard was the private tutor of 
 It should be a movie . That was the exclamation of my 9 year old daughter when we were only halfway through the book. I read it aloud a 
masterpiece for all fans. Jean franois Duval has written a very pleasant book that all the buk s fans all around the world must buy.Why? Because of the originality of 
Inspiration for Grievous Times. This is a splendid work, exquisitely written by one of our best contemporary historians. Pope John XXIII has been forgotten in recent years, perhaps because it 
What science is. Mayr s book is an overview of Darwinian thought, written by someone who was worked in the field for nearly half its 150-year history. Consequently, much of 
 After Long Silence . This is one of my favorite books of all time. It is a real eye opener even after years of hearing, learning, and reading about 
So funny. Obviously the guy who said real real real real horrendously unspeakably bad doesn t know Bukowski.I thought the book was hilarious and sometimes it was the only thing 
excellent ......excellent. what can i say......if it has dale brown s name on it.....read it !  
Great message. Every adult has a kid inside that needs to hear this message. When I first heard the story, I thought I was the only one who identified with 
Give it Up!. Fun, witty, easy summer read.Compact size great for commuting or traveling  
Carry On, Jeeves. Carry On, Jeeves is another classic from P.G. Wodehouse. It follows in the same kind of humorous hiliarious vein of his other books that involve Berty Wooster 
fundamental, crucial stuff to be aware of. for an appreciation of poetry. The sounds of poetry were one of the most important aspects of western poetry before Homer, when the 
What I Wish You Knew : Letters from Our Daughters Lives. This book is incredible!! After talking with my daughter and asking her sobbing if she hated me, I decided 
Excellent reference and tutorial. Exactly what I needed as I learn more about beading. Good reference source, tutorials basic how-tos and clear illustrations. I like compact size and the wire 
Dirk Pitt Not on His Top Form. 3 and 1 2 stars for this novel actually, since no halves, thus feeling generous, I go for 4 stars. I might change 
An excellent introductory survey of neuron function. This book is currently in use in many undergraduate institutions, and is amenable to use by first-time students to neurobiology who have a 
An old soldier s barracks review. I first read this engrossing story when I was 18 and living in the barracks in Germany in 1975. After I read it, almost 
I learned a lot. While reading this book, I found myself compelled to read parts aloud to my husband: about where tumbleweed came from, facts about different Indian tribes, Bonnie 
A bit strange. This story is a bit of a strange one, as you re reading you re kind of thinking, &quot;what is this?&quot; It s different, and yet that 
We are all Gant s children. This is perhaps one of the greatest of all American novels but I m a Tarheel by birth and know the Altamont land well 
A very funny, very modest man who embodied wisdom. Shunryu Suzuki was once asked to summarize Buddhism in a sentence. The audience laughed at the impossibility of that challenge. But 
Like having a veterinarian on your farm everyday... 24 7 - 365. To be without the Merck Manual is to be unequipped for life with livestock. Be sure to get 
Worth Every Penny. This workbook comprehensively develops the skills that natural-artists take for granted. I am currently working my way through it for a college design class and I saw 
IMMENSELY ENJOYABLE. Hamish hated change almost as much as he hated work. He had the tenancy of some croft land next to the police station at Lochdubh, where he kept 
The Retelling of a Legend. Clegg, Douglas. Mordred, Bastard Son , Alyson, 2006.The Retelling of a LegendAmos Lassen and Literary PrideI have always found the legend of King Arthur to 
Life as it is. I read this book as a young boy and was told that the grammar was very poor. Grammar is secondary in a story if it contributes 
Heat up the grill!. We absolutely love this book. It not only has great recipes but step by step directions. We also watch the BBQU on tv. If you like 
A Chilling Addition to a Modern Genre. The Perfect Storm belongs to a genre of historical writingthat involves the telling of a tale as a narrative and thenretelling it on 
Can t stop reading this!. I read this through when I was pregnant with my 4 months old twins. And I thought it was cute and interesting. But once they 
Good over-view... This is a great over-view of the public LDS Church. If you re someone looking for a reference on your Mormon neighbor, this is probably the book for 
Classic love story. A Room With A View is a novel not only about the journey to find true love, but also about the difficult decisions one is faced with 
A great resource. Although it s rather time consuming to read the text, but they go well with the corresponding illustrations. The illustrations are unbeatable, as they cover all bones 
For any interested in American agriculture s history and directions. All Flesh Is Grass: The Pleasures And Promises Of Pasture Farming is for any interested in American agriculture s history 
A book about life, death, and war. All Quiet on the Western Front is a book about a soldier named Paul and his company, and their trials, adventures, and lessons 
This book will make you laugh. Especially at smug &quot;artists,&quot; fatuous critics, and clueless collectors. This book has a strong appeal for the little boy knows who knows there are 
A good book on Sigma-Delta converters, theory and practise. A good book on sigma-delta converters, even though it is a compilation of chapters by different authors. It is obvious that 
A well-informed and thought-provoking work. In this book, Stiglitz gave his advices on how to make globalization work for most of the population on earth: how the world - especially 
Hits the Nail on the Head. As a mid-sixties professional who retired about five years ago from my own business,and then found myself in a true depression until I sought 
Nuclear Firepower for the Modern Warrior. This book is LOADED with wisdom. The lessons you will learn here can help you to take your life to the next level and 
9 Heads is the best. Great book for fashion illustration beginners and an excellent book for anyone with fashion illustration art experience. Glossy pages,rendering,shading folds etc,. Up to date illustration 
A Ground Level View of the American Revolution. Surmising from Nelson himself, there seems to be little direct historical record of Thomas Paine extant.Therefore, much of the book involves an 
 Once upon a time and a very good time it was, a moocow came down the road... . Not a very auspicious beginning to what is now known as 
A Deep Spiritual Book and to Increase Faith in God. This book is very deep. I have found it to be an inspiration to live a better and more holy 
Can all the rye be caught?. Sunk into the deepest hole of society and rejection, the main character Holden tells his story of a teenage who is tired of the 
Not her best but still very very good. This is typical Rendell and as always she ll keep you turning the pages. Not really a mystery since we know very 
All Things Bright and Beautiful. Got what I was told and in good time  
Drawing People How to Portray the Clothed Figure. This is a must have book for any artist. The book is like a guide for home reparis. Only the subject matter 
Meaningful All The Way... Stephen Covey is on way to conduct a seminar in India on the 8th Habit and this reminds me of my previous read of Stephen Covey 
This Book rings true , non believers hide in your shell!. First of all this book undoubtably uncovers the REAL events at Bentwaters 1980! I do however sense there is 
Essential tool!!!. This book is a MUST for every forensic officer who works with computers. It s amazing the quantity and the quality of the informations  
 A handsome girl who flirted with a married man was merely assumed to be pressing...her opportunities. . Published in 1905, The House of Mirth offers a blistering social commentary 
British contemporary philosophers converse. An interesting look at what directions and positions some of the leading British philosophers hold when engaged in conversation. Dr. s Stangroom and Baggini have been 
Very Interesting Book. I m currently reading Gulliver s Travels for my English class, and i have to say, what a very interesting book. I wasn t a huge fan 
Simple and wholesome. This book contains many meals that are wonderful even if you aren t on a low-carb diet - and they re fabulous if you are. The recipes 
Wry & Insightful Romantic Writing. Considering pulp romance is the top selling genre, one could do a lot worse than the classic mother of all romances, Pride & Prejudice .This 
Mrs Boyton had to die. Talk about antogonist, our murder victim will have you hoping Poirot lets the guilty walk this time a la ...... won t spoil that title 
God Calling Devotional Journal. I m so happy that I have this journal; God Calling...Why? Because it s Jesus talking to me. I feel so close to God because of 
fine. A very fine book, a must for those who seriously want to achieve their goals. Only with comitment goals can be conquered  
The Original Work of a Cautious Scientist. This is not a difficult book to read, and I would encourage readers to read the original work of Darwin. The Origin of 
Well-organized and informative. If every person in America understood the energy, chemicals, natural resources and money that went into creating packages, it s likely our consumption habits would dramatically change. 
The Dictatorial Happiness. I would like to keep this short. We all know what the book is about: the bankruptcy of the individual. It s just that most people seem 
Exciting exploration of memory and loss. Martin Smith s Memory Series continues...and his novels just seem to get better with every new title. Great suspense, several memorable red-herrings--but, mostly, his 
Must Have Book for all Managers, Parents & Pet Owners. I have used Bringing Out the Best in People throughout Latin America and here in the States for several years. 
Excellent Reference Book. Whether teaching or working in the real estate field, this a a wonderful reference book for all. This could be helpful for beginners in the field and 
Couldn t it be longer?. I think this is one of the books I enjoyed more in these last years. When I was finishing it, I wanted it to be 
A GREAT Resource for any Music Studio!. This is a MUST HAVE book for any private music teacher! Mr. Johnstone has done a terrific job of putting together practical and 
Very good overall read. An excellent read if you re into details. For me, the details got a little overwhelming, but I so much wanted to learn more about this 
Funny how an editor chooses stories written in his style. If you like Bill Bryson s writing and I do , you ll enjoy this book. The stories are, for 
A REMINDER OF HOW VERY MUCH WE NEED ONE ANOTHER. Both heartbreaking and heartwarming, The Knitting Circle is the story of death, yes, but it is also the story of 
One of McMillan s best. Marilyn Grimes, a 44-year-old housewife with three grown children, is bored with her life. Although her husband Leon is successful and has given her everything 
The Stone Skeleton. A great beginners book on solid stone structures of magnificent proportions. More an engineers book than a layman, the structural aspects of how piling stones on top 
Beautiful Photos, Valuable Reference. I found this book to be excellent reading. It includes hundreds of beautiful photos and a brief but fascinating historical summary for several well-known foreign and 
GENUIS!!! YOU WON T FIND A BOOK LIKE THIS ANYWHERE. If you love to build rapport with your clients or reach audiences and not just be an order taker, then 
a book that will keep you up all night. Like kids playing with fire, this is a story of two kids messing with things that should be touched. Harriet a 
A Perfectly Celestial Book!. First of all I want to thank Ghalil for writing Professional Dreamer . For the past two years I have been attracting this kind of information 
Awesome. In true Nicholas Sparks fashion, he paints the picture so vividly you feel like you are right there in the story. Very good and enjoyable reading. I could not 
Easy to Read Must Have. As an artist and stay-at-home mom starting a new career in stock photography, this book is inspiring and full of valuable info. I couldn t 
 But we can have lots of good fun that is funny! Cat in the Hat. There is lot s of good fun that is funny in this old classic.The 
A Classic Baseball Story. I first read this book as an eleven year old and it made a strong impression on my young mind. Now, as a 44 year old, 
Dreams Never End. Apparently this book was written for me as the author states this was written for A generation of college students in Europe in the year 2005. Well, 
A readable book that deserves some credence. This is a warm and readable book about a fascinating subject: What happens at death, or near death? It is written by a 
Educational Research. Educational Research: Competencies for Analysis and Application 6th Edition is an excellent introductory text to assist in writing a Master s thesis or Research paper. The book is 
Outstanding second edition of a computing classic. This badly needed update to the classic first edition preserves what is best about the old edition, which is the format and attention 
Mockery from Within. This not-quite-debut novel Fellowes wrote several romance novels in the mid- 70s under the name Rebecca Greville, including Poison Presented and Court in the Terror ought to 
Outstanding. 1.000 words could be not enough to praise this book. Bert Hall produced a long needed work that will remain a foundation-stone in military technology of the black powder 
Inspired and enjoyable knitting. With a lifetime of creating, designing,and knitting hundreds of garments for both personal and professional customers...I found this book a pleasure to read and use.There are 
Great book for beginners. This was the first quilting book that I checked out from the library when I started thinking about quilting. I liked it so much, that I 
Consolidate This!. Peter F. Hamilton s hard science fiction trilogy has taken a turn towards the fantastic. Don t get me wrong, there is still plenty of interstellar travel, amazing 
Excellent book. Why people argue that man and his actions may not be causing global warming is beyond me. Whether our careless actions are causing the glaciers to melt, etc. 
Eat Right 4 Your Type. This book is an easy read. The layout makes it very good as a reference source to find quick information relative to your blood type. 
Eveything you ever wanted in a book. An Irish-Wales historical fiction novel of a strong womans will to keep her son alive in a time of relgion conflict between the 
Good one for a reading. Men at Arms keeps on surprising the reader with funny anecdotes throughout its reading  
Fantastic Book!!. I loved this book! You know how sometimes you are lucky enough to find a book so well written you feel like you are experiencing the story as 
Enlightening. This book was very well written. Its gives another look into the life of being HIV Positive and makes you understand the emotional side of a person dealing with 
The best book!. I picked up this book because of the beautiful pictures...I was delighted when my two month old loved it too! She sits on my lap and giggles 
Outstanding. Let me cut to the chase and say that this book is simply outstanding. Why?1. Rarely does one see a topic so thoroughly researched by someone who is already 
From All Walks Of Life. At first I thought this book would be a pro-war book with all the soldiers talking of how glad they were there. But, I found 
GREAT BEGINNER BOOK FOR A KID WANTING TO ROCK!!!. I have a friend in New Jersey whose daughter took lessons from Jimmy Brown for years and he is a great 
An Excellent place to start. This book is a great place to start if a Catholic family is considering homeschooling for religious reasons. Dr. Clark provides excellent explanations for the 
Bush, the Republican Party s Jimmy Carter. A great book that confirms my belief that our entire government is run by a bunch of s for brains with absolutely no 
A critically important and strongly recommended addition to school and community libraries. The urgent need for Americans to understand the basic beliefs and history of Islam has been self-evident since 
An excellent book. This book provides a great analysis of Winslow Homer s growth as an artist. The author uses each chapter to analyze a different period of Homer s 
Thom Sctructural Stability and Evolution Explanation. Thom stablished the foundantions of a new and powefull tool of exploring the non linear behaviour of the physics and byological phenomena. It s 
 Written to make you think and consider why we speak to God . One cannot help appreciating the seriousness with which the authors address our need to pray. The 
This book touches on everything about the tarot. This book is very fun easy to read, I couldn t put the book down! When I was done reading this book, 
What a ride!. Vince Flynn never disappoints - he jumps in with both feet on page one and never lets up! Mitch Rapp is the guy you d want to 
beautiful. This book is not only beautiful in presentation and print, but very helpful as well. But do make sure you are familiar with Photoshop before purchasing, as it is 
Excellent Pirate Story. This book pulls you into the world of pirates and privateers. It s loaded with rich description and fascinating detail. I recommend it for anyone ready to 
Excellent book. The book helps understand the ideology of Al Qaeda. Great research and the book organization is excellent. Understanding Al Qaeda is the only way to stop them  
A fascinating case study of one changing neighborhood. New Yorkers see constant small changes in their city, and the cumulative effect of those changes can remake the character and composition 
the real deal. Alan Roxburgh has finally pulled together all the pieces that he has been writing about and teaching for a number of years. Some of this stuff he 
I Believe.... This review refers to the Great Illustrated Classics of Peter Pan by J.M. Barrie, adapted for young readers by Marian Leighton...Great Illustrated Classics is a great way to 
Philip - I am alive, but perhaps you are too. At the start I wondered about this biography - how personal it is. It s like those documentaries of dinosaurs 
Cooking Pig Ain t Always Bout Barbecues. After starting the 1990s by publishing Bonfire Of The Vanities, Tom Wolfe wrote an essay decrying the state of fiction, how too many 
The best in the Wallflower series!. Although I still have to read the last book in the series, I will say that this is surely the best book of the 
An Absolute Must for any California Kayaker!. I not only bought this book for myself, but now I m ordering one to give as a gift. I like the way 
Really well-done. First, let me identify myself as a very critical reader of books that deal with the anthropology and psychology of pre-teens, tweens, and adolescents. There is plenty of 
This author is greatness!. Read this series in order for best impact. This book really gave me an appreciation for my own life. A must read! And you gotta love 
A wonderful story of clerical intrigue. Although this book is a sequel to The Warden , it is fully a standalone book. The reader does not need to read the 
A House in Corfu. I was amazed by the negative review another reader gave this lovely book. I would guess that most of us who like to read about a 
How the world failed Rwanda. Indeed the world did fail Rwanda as the author points out in the book about the genocide of the Tutsis in Rwanda. First off, Egypt 
Wooden Boats. As a wooden boat enthusiast and long time woodworker, I read Michael Ruhlman s book with enthusiasm. I found it to be a wonderful piece of work that 
Exhaustive yet easily readable. Evan s book is outstanding for those of us wanting to know about how Hitler seized power and implications for today.The book shows the many reasons 
fun. this book is excitiinig and shows alot of fellings.some times I think this book was made for me. this is my first book I ve read that Luis has 
Teen Angst?. I read this book the summer before I started high school at Stuyvesant in Manhattan, which happens to be the school that Ned went to go Stuy! . 
The Tile!! This is a wonderful guide!. The colors are incredibly vivid, and this book really gives you a burst of inspiration! It is a wonderful guide book for people 
I agree - breathtaking!. This is a gorgeous book! Granted, ther Boys of Bel Ami are gorgeous, and this book does a great job capturing their beauty and charm. I 
Unanticipated Anne Shirley Back In Action!. Red haired with a flaming temper, the phenomenal Anne Shirley is back in her 2nd book! Marilla, a kindly old maid who had set 
Great book for Real Estate Agents. I read alot of Real Estate Sales books and I really enjoyed this one. This book also takes into consideration many tools that people 
A different take on occupational fulfillment. There are many self-help career guides that extol us to find a job within our passion. Their logic is that if we love our 
Should be a part of the Photography and History collections of every academic and community library. Featuring an informative introduction by Robert Sullivan, Life: 70 Years Of Extaordinary Photography - 
The Other Side - Amazing!. When I got this book out of the library for my young kids, I d never heard of Istvan Banyai before. However, after having this 
This is the FIRST Gay Studies book you should read. This is a coming out tool. It s very truthful and matter-of-fact. Not encumbered by supernatural or religious bias. This 
There s a Bat in Bunk Five. This is another good book by Paula Dangizer. Her character, Marcy, from The Cat Ate My Gymsuit, comes back and goes to summer 
A classical of marxian economic thought. This book is a sketch of what would become, a couple of years later, the author s masterpiece: Das Kapital. It was written in 
Not quite a mystery... By the time I finished the prologue, I knew what was going to happen. It was still a decent story, and I enjoy the interaction between 
A true conservative. Newt does an excellent job defining himself in this book. It is very clear where he stands and he has some great ideas on how to turn 
Twas a bit o a but and a ben. The 1960s were a time of wildness and experimentation. Crazy colors, unique new thoughts conceived in the streets, a new acceptance 
Can t believe no-one else liked this book!. I started reading Mosley years and years ago, and wondered for a second when I saw Blue Light on the shelves if 
A good read. Okay, the only reason that this book did not get 5 stars was because it did not have a shocking ending. Other than that, it was very 
FANTASTIC IDEA...Publishing screenplays and filming diaries!. Emma Thompson has hit on a goldmine! I wish now I could buy a copy of the screenplays of ALL my favorite movies with 
peterselizebeth. I always enjoy her books and this one was as good as the others  
A Jewel of a story. I can t remember what I read before I found Jayne Ann Krentz! This is one of my favorites. The story is exciting, faced paced, 
Women of the Silk. I loved this book! Ms. Tsukiyama is such a wonderful story teller. Her talent is so evident in how she beautifully describes her characters and scenary. 
DADOES: long time ago written, but still up to date. The story is set in the year 2021 in which the world completely is destroyed. Most humans emigrated to Mars, 
Shallow characters give way to a suspenseful drama. The first 100 pages of this book were vey disappointing. The characters seemed shallow and the plot, seemingly non-existent. There were many 
Great Book!. This is the second book that i have read by this author. A Cop s life brings you into the world of how cops do their job on 
Read twice!!. Wow.! What a thriller: high tech and high speed. I read it so fast the first time that I ll have to read it again to hang onto 
Fun collection of PA s first years. The comic, for those of you who haven t read it, is about a pair of gaming geeks - the sarcastic and cynical 
 The Three Billy Goats Gruff . This story really doesn t have a big moral point. But it does show the difference between how a child, adolescent and an 
Perfect on having a glimpse on whats on the mind of these ancient people. It can be an eye opener scholarly speaking for those who are studying the nature of 
Luke Sullivan - guide and insight. Consider this book suited to read :- on your way to from work- before bedtime- in your free timeMatter of fact: It doesn t 
Will inspire you to make some changes to your lifestyle. I knew I needed this book when I kept skimming and flipping to the next page to get to the 
One of the best Christmas gifts. As I have nephews, I m always looking for something to share with them to encourage them to dream big. My friend gave me 
Great tool for early chilhood teachers. This is a text book for my Science, Math, and Literacy class. It is really great and a must have. I took this to 
Pomegranate Soup, yum!. I read Pomegranate Soup, by Marsha Mehran, and found it far deeper and wider than I ever expected given the youth and beauty of the lady pictured 
A better entry than the previous couple of novels in the series. To the brilliant mind of Lincoln Rhyme it becomes apparent early into the murder investigation that there are 
A must read for women of color. This book answered so many questions I have had about my skin. Things I never remember to ask a doctor and other things 
Compelling revelations about our acoustic environment. As a naturalist whose work is based on natural sound, R. Murray Schafer s book is the bible. As a narrative it reads like 
Research-based counsel!. This book was an optional reading in a course I recently took as part of my PhD studies in organisational leadership. The text flows logically, with highly readable 
Excellent neuroanatomy intro &amp; overview. This is a well written and concise introduction to some basic principles of CNS anatomy, written with an eye to both historical and developmental perspectives. 
What were you thinking?. Yes, that is probably what is going through your head right now. You proposed and she said Yes , but now you have to go through 
Find the birthday girl!. My 18 month daughter never tires of this one - she ll dig it out from amongst all the others on the shelf. There s a 
Sibley Guide to Bird Life and Behavior. I purchased this book to be used in several classes in Ornithology I am enrolled in at the Lisle Arboretum. It is very 
Authentic recreation of history, with a twist. A murder mystery which, pleasantly, takes a non-traditional approach. The writing left me hearing, seeing and smelling ancient Eygpt. The characters had depth, 
Excellent book for novices, probably not the one for experienced users. I am familiar with pivot tables, but bought this book to enable me to hit the ground running at 
Entertaining Bio of an Active Artist. Emanuel Radinsky was an innovative artist mid 20th century who worked mainly as a photographer, the hyper productive Man Ray.Firmly part of the wacky 
Good but slow. I enjoyed this novel, but the pace is slow and the story line does not compell you to read keeping reading, so I ut it down for 
The best DVD menu design book on the market. &quot;Designing Menus with Encore DVD&quot; is simply put, the best book on the market covering the design and development of DVD-Video 
at last, fantastically applied science of fiction. 1 for bone-crunching non-stop airport loung action 1 for sizzling wit - especially the Cervantes characters 1 for total mastery of his plot-line 
STILL I RISE. I am a highly motivated female and i love to read; reading this book motivates me to read other books that Maya Angelou or any other arthur 
interesting. its a good audio tape. it teaches a lot of lessons and makes you realise what you dont consider to be important is very much valuabl  
Ulysses springs eternal and from every corner. I liked this book immensely on several levels. As an anthropologist, I found it very interesting to get a Padaung s eye view, 
Awesome Southern Cookbook!. I ve eaten at the Blue Willow many times, and its cuisine is as wonderful as its atmosphere! What a neat way to bring that Southern charm 
Great book but beware ... I have had my African Grey for about a three weeks and have been reading everything I could get my hands on before I brought 
Very inspiring, but gets too technical. I would give five stars to the first 5 or so chapters without question. Merkel provides a very inspiring background to his topic and 
Stunning. If I could give Nick Brandt s book more than five stars I would. He takes a subject which is certainly not uncommon - African wildlife - and puts 
Sanjay Chheda. The book is very good with really good explanations and examples on descriptive analysis and inferential analysis  
Color Medicine. It s a well written book, but so it should be, based on all the information that is taken from Dinshahs initial work on light therapy over 50 
Susan Ashley, Ph.D. Author of The ADD and ADHD Answer Book. As a child psychologist who has been helping children with their social skills for over 20 years now, I 
Seek your own truth from the experience of others. I bought this book because I began a spiritual awakening of my own about a year ago. I firmly believe in 
Robert Fulghum is My Mentor!. And he doesn t even know it! The first book I ever wrote, I wrote the way I did because of Robert Fulghum. I adore 
Great Reciepes. This book is very easy to read and is laid out in a logical fashion. Has shopping list and many menus. Diet plan works if you stick with 
Great!. Although some people have said some facts in the book are incorrect and they may be, I found JACK to be very entertaining. A great book for someone who 
Self- Realization made easy!. -You didn t believe me, did you? Okay, let s say this more accurately; Itzhak Bentov makes the understanding of the The Process of self-realization easy! 
top-of-the-line text. What can I say? This textbook is strikingly well-written. Really, a monumental achievement. The writing is incisive, interesting, even fascinating. For those who thought periodontics was basically scaling 
More than I expected. For 12.50, I don t see why you would debate buying this book as it can only help you in understanding your D80. The book is 
the old hat on a new head. Very good book the non-Europeans. Sort of a wake up call. It also is a remake of the old General de Gaulle dream: 
WELL DONE!. This book is great--it has history, humor, and lots of glamorous pictures, and manages to keep the cheese factor very low. A great gift for the drinkers in 
Picture Perfect. This book is filled with easy to follow ideas and tips to creating a beautiful home..Fantasic photos..inspiring all round  
Exactly what we wanted. Our school was trying to match an existing set of Treasure Island books.These books were exactly what we wanted, and following our order, we received them 
A fantabulous ending to the Hank Thompson trilogy. Huston has brought Hank Thompson back and he s bad as ever. You must read the first two books Caught Stealing and 
The definitive account of the end of the Cold War. A vital part of understanding the end of the Cold War. The book is at its most vivid and engaging 
AUTHENTIC AND INSPIRATIONAL. I picked up about ten books on Japanese gardening at the library and this book was by far the most inspirational. The author gives definitions for technical 
I am Pleased. Very good context and examples. Covers the widest area of body language issues  
Great. This was sooo eye opening. His voice was soo smoothing and comforting. Really liked the meditation in this one. He gave us lots to think about. I am glad 
An ounce of prevention. Judy Hoffman knows her subject. This primer is the ounce of prevention that s better than the pound of cure. Think of her approach to crisis 
Better than the 2005 and 2006 Pat Cornwell suspense books. I picked this book up just after I had read Pat Cornwell s 2006 release of At Risk --which was 
Great recipes. Eat less calories and burn more of them through exercising. It sounds simple, but it s not easy to do. So I turned to South Beach diet. I 
Great ideas, but mostly style over substance. While I enjoyed reading Colin Cowie s book, and found much of the photography breathtakingly beautiful and somewhat addictive, there does not seem 
Explore new frontiers!. With these books from the No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency you can get a great mystery tale with a complete new flavour - they all set place 
Excellent source of encouragement. This book is best suited to go along with a small group of new movers. You can find a local area small group nationwide by going 
Good companion for the main book. This is a very good companion to the Good to Great book. However, you really need to read the first book to truly understand 
Good science and good fiction. This is good science and good fiction. What more do you want? The plot moves quickly and intelligently and the characters sound like the guys 
Suspense and Romance. Being an avid Nora fan, and having read many of her books, I find this story to be a good combination of mystery with subtle, but well-written 
A real eye-opener!. I consider myself knowledgeable about history, especially WW2. After reading just half of Flags of our Fathers I realize how much I didn t know about this 
I love this book !! I wished she made one for how to dress yourself!!. I have had the fortune of having a couple of different men in my life 
Forensics gives it a . I was waiting for my flight leaving Las Vegas and entered a Borders. I was searching through the store and found this book for 2.99. 
Comes in a near-pocket size for easy outdoor toting. This field guide comes in a near-pocket size for easy outdoor toting and appears in its third revised edition to provide 
A wonderful inquiry inspiring book. I have worked in museums educating students and teachers for nearly 25 years. The Skull Alphabet Book is a book that I have as required 
We ll never have a better biography of Emily... Professor Sewall spent about 20 years getting this massive and beautifully presented biography put together, and his scholarship, devotion, persistence and 
Simple and Pure - and a Light Snack for Thought. I picked up this book because the title intrigued me - perhaps mostly because I am from an era that 
Superb Workmanship!. Excellent binding and feel! Beautiful tyoeface style and easy to read size! Will no doubt cherish this till I am carried out of this World! Praise the Lord! 
Change of Opinion. Initially, I purchased this book and was very unhappy with the choice of pictures. I think many of the horses look like they are fighting. BUT, I 
One of My Very Favorites. I have finished Jurgen; a great and beautiful book, and the saddest book I ever read. I don t know why, exactly. The book hurts 
Preceptor Germanaie. Tarrasch was one of greatest chess teachers who ever lived. He was also one of the better writers. His book is a classic. It has withstood the test 
Must Read Must Do. This book goes beyond a must read to a must do. It provides clear, compelling guidance for growing stronger, better performing companies from within. It challenges 
New Frontier Book #1 Review. This is a great book. Peter David really put me in the book! I would recommend this to any one who can appreciate a true 
Great Resource for Beginning Sparring. I am a purple belt TKD student, so I found this book very helpful. It rounded out my understanding of sparring techniques and tactics. Also 
Read this book!. Willie Morris opens his personal novel, North Toward Home, with the expected picture of the white South: Magnolia and pecan trees line the country roads, the farm 
alienated, sad, and gay in London between the wars. This is a beautifully written autobiography of a man breaking new literary ground. He openly wrote of his life as a 
It s About Time, and It s a Good Book. It s interesting to see just how powerful AppleScript has become. Initially scripting languages were not well suited for general 
Very good but not quite perfect. For years the Sky Atlas 2000.0 has been the most popular atlas step up from a 6th magnitude atlas. The 8th magnitude limit is 
GREAT SERIES. I love reading Debbie s books and this new series is GREAT!! I wish I could be apart of a knitting group but living in a very rural 
Worth buying. Klosterman is definitely an intelligent writer, and I enjoyed his style. Some chapters were beyond meaningless-- to the point that I just skipped ahead-- but overall you re 
In Flander s Field. A valuable book for those who wish to remind their children - and themselves - of the utter horrors of a brutal war. While not for 
Awesome Starter s Book. I received this book over 20 years ago, and I can t begin to tell you how it ignited a fire within me to draw. This 
A Complete Resource. Thompson s commentary is a beautiful combination of scholarship and devotion. Of the commentaries and study guides I have used in preparing sermons on Jeremiah, this has 
Design Techniques Not Plans. This book provides a some interesting techniques for some of the design details of Greene and Greene furniture. It also provides some historical background on the 
Great book but sloppy editing. I read Mordred in one day-- I just couldn t put it down! I found myself disappointed that I d have to wait for a 
Beautiful and disturbing. This collection of photographs is remarkable for several reasons: 1 the photos document the final stages of horrendous diseases many of which are rarely seen these days 
Depressing but passionate work. As a previous writer said, this is probably not the easiest Dickens novel to read, as it lacks the charm and appeal of the more popular 
Engaging writing that connects the reader to the OT. In a very personal and engaging way, Ellen Davis challenges misconceptions about the Old Testament and successfully prods the reader to 
Long Live Gaiman. I just finished reading this one last night, and I will say this; it s been a long time since i ve been so pleased while reading 
Wonderful book. I have had this book for at least 3 years and I got it because like lots of other girls, I liked ballet and it has always been 
Delectably Disturbing. This book is amazing, truly one of Dostoyevsky s greatest works. Dostoyevsky has an amazing talent for creating characters. Great authors can be recognized by their ability to 
A Great Beach Read. If you are looking for fun escapism, you will love this book. There are interesting characters, lots of action and it is not predictable. The characters 
Magic Revisited. I had to buy this book! I read this book as a child, but misplaced my copy decades ago! When I realized that I could find it on 
The Secret Life of Bees. One of the best books ever!!!! I was disappointed that the story wasn t longer, as I was so sorry when it was over. I 
THIS ROLE MODEL IS NO TAME LION . . . . . . and young readers will be eager to discover how a 13 year old was influenced by lions 
Funny. I never thought I d find a security book that made me laugh. Both amusing and informative, I had a hard time putting this one down  
Reduce impact of Aging. Excellent book, good resource for understanding aging and how to minimize aging impact.  
Banks investigates the murder of a teenaged schoolgirl. Deborah Harrison is the affluent and intelligent daughter of an important businessman. One day, on her way home from St. Mary s 
Enthralled. This is probably one of my favorites. She has characters you care about from the beginning and the deceased father s entangling demands to inherit his property and money 
Real Witches!. As other reviewers note, Updike does spend a lot of time on details; that is what I love about this book. The little details make the book real 
A Necessity for Tragedy. Doctor Zhivago is a dramatic tragedy that, in a world of disaster and misfortune, reminds humanity of its most enduring traits and precious ability to endure 
The Secret Garden. When the little, frail, ugly looking girl from India came to the manor she looked so sad. I watched her at first from a distance, as she 
Fabulous decorating, recipes. I love this series of books. They have the best recipes and this second edition is no different. So far, my favorite is the third one but 
GREAT BOOK FOR BASEBALL FANS. This book is Great, it is based in 1990 s and then it goes back in time. The author really brings out the 1930 world 
A New View on Society. This is such an awesome book and maybe one of Peretti s best. He speaks of the dangers that our words and actions have on 
reality check?. I seldom finish a fiction but go on to something else. This one took me through lunchtimes and commute for a week with disappointment it was over. It 
Gets Better and Better. Stuart Woods has quickly become one of my all-time favorite authors. After reading one of his novels, I decided to start at the beginning of his 
The Master Stylist. This is Bruce Chatwin s dying opus. He edited the pieces in What Am I Doing Here a quote from one of Rimbaud s letters, writing home 
this book reads like water. . . . . although a great book, somewhat marred by a less than perfect translation although let s give credit where credit is due, 
Loved it. As I was reading True North, my wife asked what it was about. Always a difficult answer for a Harrison book. My answer: It s about this guy 
Shared Knowledge and Success. Kevin Kennedy and Mary Moore have put together a book that is interesting, thought provoking, and extremely knowledgable and comprehensive. Although the book uses high-tech examples, 
Freedom. What a great book. I believe that some people are lead to this book to experience the freedom that alot of us are looking for in this life. It 
Alex Anderson s 6 Projects for 1st Timers Ok but ... I love watching Alex Anderson s show: Simply Quilts. I enjoyed reading the book but found some spots a 
This book helped me deal with pain........ I have read several of the comments listed and as a personal comment this book helped me deal with the loss of my 
Written in a decidedly different style. The First Four Years is dramatically different from the rest of the Little House books written by Laura Ingalls Wilder, but is a must-read 
Too expensive. While I think this bood definitely has merit and is a very good guide for someone starting up in the restaurant business, I think it is overpriced. After 
The ONLY book on MAINTAINING weight loss - must read!!. As a person who has lost 115 pounds and kept the weight off for fifteen years, I know how hard 
a very nice dance indeed. This book, a tribute to the dean of Tour de France broadcasters, Phil Liggett, is a genuine find. Donaldson has taken 30 years worth of 
Better than I thought. My daughter in her middle school found it an excellent book. She now can learn 20 a day in about one hour  
Classic British Humor...Hysterical!!. If you love Monty Python, Faulty Towers, and the like, you ll love RHJ. The glowing reviews on this page are spot on. This is timeless stuff. 
Great book highly recommend. I must admit iv always been a Clinton fan. Especially for the part he played in the north of Ireland. I thought the book was well 
The Price of Fame.... Tells the tale of the unfortunate Doctor John Faustus - who in return for 24 years of fame and fortune sells his soul to Lucifer. Faustus 
Right on. Love is a subject that has been tackled by everyone who ever grabbed a pen and decided to write. Some have been accurate in their depictions, but i 
A Good Reference for Scholars. One thing to make apparent for thoes that might have been reading the other reviews here. Is that people are assuming there is one version 
Excellent content, poor physical quality. The content of this book is excellent, there are plenty of reviews stating why, my heavy critique is the absolute poor physical quality of the 
A very good survey. Surprisingly enough, there are comparatively few quality publications on Giacometti, one of the greatest artists in the XXth century. This catalogue for an exhibition that was 
Excellent guide book!. Thorough, witty, and well-written - this guide book covers all you need to know to get around L.A. and enjoy the best museums and restaurants the city 
Was very interested in her perspective. I followed this case from the begining, and was riveted. I always wondered what Sharon Rocha though and felt as she went through this 
Wisconsin s Natural Communities. For almost 30 years I have longed to be capable of reading the landscape, to comprehend what I see and understand how it came to be 
A practical primer. For those who are interested in the management of organizational knowledge and intangible assets, Valuing intangible assets should prove to be highly practical. There are many knowledge 
Continuous awareness is the key.... This book inspires me to have more awareness during sleep. The awareness not continuous if we sleep deeply or long period . Practicing this help 
Wanted: More Master Li and Number Ten Ox. In case you don t trust all of the other reviewers, allow me to interject my praise for Hughart s World Fantasy 
fred wesley tells it lie it is. fred wesley is a legend that s been overlooked too long and it s about time something like this dealing with black music 
Easy to read, lots of great information. If you re a brand new or relatively new gardener, this book is great! In an almost conversational style, the writer takes you 
Outstanding!. I think this book is really fabulous! I don t want to give anything away, but I do want to express that all teens read this! I think it 
Plenty of Insights. Authors Don Tapscott and David Ticoll examine the managerial implications of the age of transparency. Now that the Internet has enabled employees, suppliers, consumers, gadflies, critics and 
The BFG by Roald Dahl. This is a super star of a story. A classic. We love it  
En joy able. Another good book, no doubt about it, but where as The Skinner and Gridlinked are the sort of book which you want to finish, this seemed to 
I Can Write a Book. Probably the single biggest lesson that comes from The Complete Guide to Self-Publishing by Tom and Marilyn Ross is that writing the book can be 
GREAT book... This book has lotsa puzzles and is very informative. Merl Reagle s explanation of Making a Crossword Puzzle was an eye-opener. These geniuses explain things like the, ahem, 
Racism and infidelity. Zadie Smith is one of the most powerful authors I have read in recent times. She is so subtle about the race factor that we don t 
Reinforcing the basics. A family does not have to be affluent in the dollar amounts Dr. Levine describes, to have very similar issues. Middle class kids have stuff , are 
Chesapeake Blue. Perfect ending to the prior three Nora Roberts novels chronicaling the lives of four brothers  
Real People, Real Problems. K. Kingsbury is a genius in her ability to bring us real life changing fiction. Forever makes you look at your relationships with an eye that 
A good mystery for Victorian lit lovers. I really liked this book. It had a romantic appeal and vivid, memorable characters. The plot was also fantastic. Wilkie wrapped up everything 
A FRESH LOOK AT OUR WORLD THRU AN EMERGING NEW SCIENCE!. Five AMAZING Stars!! Welcome to the brave new world of Social Neuroscience ! This book may change the way 
Thank you Carson!. I bought this book for my husband. He s an engineer and they have a uniform - khaki pants and a golf shirt. I tried for years 
Interesting perspective on history. Let me get something straight at the beginning - I love Russell Banks writing. His descriptions are vivid and clear without being flowery. I always felt 
Well written and useful book for the CMOS designer. I read Hasting s book when it was in manuscript form, and recommended to Tom Robbins at Prentice-Hall they they publish 
Truth Be Told.... Someone finally tells the truth and lays it out so that the rational person can get it . This is a great read and comes highly recommended. 
This book will expand your thinking!. Excellent book and tape. Lays the groundwork for a new business model that most people are looking for. Really brings home the point of 
Pretty good. I went to the bookstore looking for a good, humorous baseball book with all true stories. Guess what? I found the right book. Tales from the Dugout was 
Fun, hilarious, and informative!. First and most important, this book is hilarious. However, that s subjective, so I ll talk about something else. It s a nice deal for two 
To It s Critics. Many Great Writer s From Kurt Vonnegut To H.P. Lovecraft Have Taken Elements Of There Stories And Used Them Again So You Can t Criticize Danielewski 
Spot on - Great security book. Ciscopress have released yet another jem of a book, really great read and easy to understand, the two authors known in the introduction as 
Insightful and practical. Having lived 60 of my life outside the USA in various countries, I ve often been surprised at how unhappy many Americans appear to be. In the 
Halarious!!. I loved this collection of short stories!! They were so funny! I especially liked the little introduction at the beginning, kinda like a mini autobiography! My personal favorite was 
BOUND FOR GLORY IS GREAT. I m not even done reading it but I love it. This is one of the best books I have ever read. When you read 
Great service!. Quick and easy purchase followed by prompt delivery. Book was in better condition than expected! Will do business again! Thanks  
Best Drug Book For RN students!. This was the first drug book I bought in RN school. My friends bought Mosby s, Saunders, & Springhouse. They are always borrowing my 
On the nature of great literature. Crime and Punishment is my favorite book, but that s not what I want to say here. What I must say is simply this: 
Personal Favorite. I have read, re-read and now re-read again this engaging novel. Some characters haunt you until you return to them; Katrine Swynford is such a woman  
A masterpiece, but keep reading ... Bob Roll s 2005 Companion is a delight to read and a masterpiece in explaining the Tour, even if your bike racing knowledge is 
Outstanding. Kadare consistently puts out fantastic novels, and this one is no exception. In brief chapters, he is able to illustrate what most writers can t in works twice as 
1776. I read 1776 shortly sfter having read McCullough s John Adams so some of the same ground was covered but from a different perspective, I found 1776 to be 
A Consensus Approach to the Ideology of Early Puritan New England. Perry Miller 1905-1963 was one of the most important of the consensus historians of the middle part of the 
Great book. It has everything you need to know about screen printing. also an extensive list of merchants to purchase through.  
A Book to Treasure. My first copy of the book arrived today. Its cover is exquisite, as are so many of the words on its pages. Awakening is the place 
The Goatkeepers Bible. I ve had a copy of this book for at least 25 years and read it over and over. It is by a Brit, but so what? 
I can t believe it took me so long. I can t believe it took me until my mid-thirties to read this book. What is equally astonishing is the elequence 
What can I say?. I wanted to cry when I finished it only because I wanted it to go on forever. It was candy for a reader like me. I 
in the canon of Camp. Susan Sontag, in her Notes of Camp, included God s Man --along with the drawings of Aubrey Beardsley, the operas of Bellini, and the original 
read this book!. If you want a good read, and a very detailed and lifelike story, read this. This is my favorite book, and it amazes me how much she 
Captivating!. I just finished reading this gargantuan tome today after two weeks of diligent reading. It is second only to David Copperfield in my opinion. It is easy to be 
love your food, and say goodbye to dieting. A couple of years ago I swore off diets forever, and I still think it s one of the best moves I 
Excellent!. Not everyone who is interested in reading Aristotle will want to buy the two volumes of the Oxford translation of Aristotle s complete works. If you re someone who 
A Fresh Perspective. To say that this is a timely tome would be an exercise in stating the obvious.While our scientists are on the verge of unlocking the secret to 
An unfathomable America nightmare. Enter the cult of the salesman s society. A salesman needs to dream and lives in a completely fake smiling world when meeting his customers. Unluckily 
A predictable mystery, but the action and the culture was just gripping. I loved this novel, and while I guessed the Whodunnit, the why dunnit was less easy to guess. 
I m 38lbs lighter just 4 months later.... thanks to Jorge. The other reviews have said it all but I just wanted to add my recommendation. I m still using 
Equal treatment in this novel. This is my second favorite of the series, my very favorite being &quot;The Meeting Place.&quot; Unlike &quot;The Sacred Shore&quot;, the book preceding it, &quot;The Birthright&quot; 
A harsh look at the educational system. Oleanna was the first David Mamet play I read, and I was very impressed. Oleanna is fast, harsh, and a real jolt. The 
Absolutely love this book!. My husband and I have searched for years to find the right weight training book and workouts for both of us. We have both volume 1 
Nakayama Sensei s book is essential for all karate-ka. This book is by far the best value as far as picture explanations of basic kata. Nakayama Sensei uses many pictures, 
A true classic masterpiece. When I was an early teenager, I went on a reading binge, and intentionally sought out very long books to read I guess I saw them 
At Last! A Data-Based Analysis of Global Warming. As a person who understands that science is based on data, not stories of travel to Alaska or Greenland, I found MELTDOWN 
A good basic resource. I consider selective mutism as an extreme form of anxiety disorder, much like the authors of this book and several of the reviewers.However, there are reasons 
Journey through the Valley... Storm of Steel is one of those rare birds of literature, the war diary that doesn`t condemn war. Ernst Junger`s diary of his officer years in 
simply delicious. This is a very sensual book, bringing to life the smells, sights and taste of Italy, while being held together and given flow by a romantic love story 
Karim! lord of the underverse!. When I first heard about the book, I didn t give it much attention. Of course I was excused, because in my opinion, the author 
A book to read over and over and over again. Ryan Gilbey has written a splendid book that can only increase one s enjoyment of one of the most enjoyable 
Satisfied Sister. I am new to leading a women s ministry group and this book has helped tremendously. I thank God for allowing me to find such a treasure. I 
Postmodernist Logic. One of the most interesting thing about deviant logic is its widespread dismissal by the academic community despite the widespread application of fuzzy logic to home appliances and 
A fun gossip column that captures the times. Robert Cringely s book captures the ethos of early and mid-90s Silicon Valley - when nerds were starting to change the world, 
great book. Troy Phelan is an old man who is dying fast. He is the 10th richest man on the Earth with a net worth of over 11 billion. For 
Very Entertaining Read...With NO Agenda. I found this book to be a very entertaining read about the men who have served our country as President. If you are looking for 
Praise for the author. I was hesitant to order this book as biographies tend to be dry but Hugo Vickers has written a most sensitive and honest account of HRH 
Great Read! New insights!. Great read! This book will change the way look at the relationship between managers and employees. This book should be required for reading for anyone pursuing, 
A Great Love Story. This book is captivating. I couldn t put it down. It starts rather quick and don t let you down from begining to end. I wish 
Be More Chill. Be More Chill by Ned Vizzini is a really cool book. I think it s not really that funny, but it is a hugely creative story. The 
One of the Best Spiritual Books Ever Written. This book is right up there with Autobiography of a Yogi in terms of Great Spiritual literature. It is categorised as Nonfiction 
Profound and simple, it works. Lou Ann Smith has put together a book that is simple and profound. It is simple in its methods and suggestions but profound in the 
Timeless. Years later, still the best book out there. My daughter asks me to read it to her every night, and has started sitting on the potty, as she says, 
Heart & Diamond reviewed. I am familiar with Edward Conze s translations and comments on the Diamond and Heart Sutras primarily through the 1958 edition of this work. First of 
Someone who has been there and done that. Finally a book that examines the topic of building Project Management Centers of Excellence from someone who has been there and done 
One of the most original books i ve read. I absolutely loved this book. It hit so many emotions with me, and I thought the concept was incredibly creative. Not 
Eyeopening. You will not learn to reach flow from reading the book, but you will understand that you time to time, unkown to you, are engaged in the wonderful experience 
The Advertising Agency Business. I am in my 3rd of starting an interactive advertising agency, and this book was just what I needed. Some of the things I learned will 
Good Book. As noted in some of the other reviews, Mr. Tolpin is not a Pulitzer prize winning author. But he is a hell of a woodworker. I lucked out 
Cutting-edge evolutionary psychology. This book is marvellous, and is now being used in more recent work on the evolutionary origins of language and social institutions. Tomasello has done an enormous 
Tragic Yet Triumphant. Col. Nick Rowe s resovle to resist Marxist-Leninist indoctrination from the brutish revolutionaries that held him captive wavered many times. Yet, he never gave in. Taken captive 
What a wonderful book to dream with the kids... I bougth this book the first time in the earlies 80 s, and I lost that copy.When surfing in Internet I 
Love is a Gift was great!. I have read all of Lauren Brooks Heartland books, and I think that every one deserves five stars! In this Heartland book, Amy Flemming 
Really well told story in a journalistic style. I enjoyed learning about this historical occurance. Pathos reigns and so much of why we have EPA and OCCEA today is traceable 
Buying this book is your first great investment!. When you are done with this book, DO NOT LOAN IT TO ANYBODY. I lost my first copy when an intern did 
Lively Reading. The search for authentic experiences is regarded as an important theme in postmodernism. John Millington Synge s book demonstrates that this quest for authenticity has been an important 
This is an excellent book!. Emotinally eating is nothing new--we ve all done it, we ll probably do it in the future. The problem lies in the fact, as this 
Just what it says, for the dummies!. Well, not really dummies, but the very beginner. When you re putting your rig together to get a certain sound and want to 
The Other Sky s the limit. I bought this book from Amazon and loved it! I have been looking to read first hand accounts credible ones from the experiencers themsleves 
Heaven, Hell, or Prevail---Your choose. Joel Garreau s Radical Evolution: the Promise and Peril of Enhancing our Minds, our Bodies-and What it Means to be Human addresses the same subject 
Read this book this summer!. An excellent biography of TR. Very well written and interesting as all get out. However, Theodore Rex does NOT cover the time period after Roosevelt 
The Demise of Blanche!. Reading this Pulitzer Prize winning play set in New Orleans 1947 is like watching a movie. Tennessee Williams provides ample narratives and complete stage directions. Excellent 
An essential for a Chemistry library. I bought this book as a recommended text to accompany a senior graduate two semester inorganic chemistry of the elements course. One of the 
The most important medical discovery ever. Period. Dr. Walker does a stupendous job at explaining exactly what Olive Leaf Extract is and what it does. His medical evidence and research 
The classic translation in affordable format. The Bhagavadgita is one of the world s true classics of literature. Since it is not part of &quot;western culture&quot; it is often not 
Can t wait to read the rest. This was an excellent book and provides a very intriguing opening to this series of books. The book is divided up into 7 
Does America Need a Foreign Policy? ... by Dr.Kissinger PhD. Dr.Kissinger discusses the waning influence of Russia and therising Chinese modernization program. The author asks that wedevelop a bond and 
Table of Contents. Chapter 1: Religion in the Counseling Office. Chapter 2: Toward Psychological and Spiritual Health. Chapter 3: Prayer. Chapter 4: Scripture. Chapter 5: Sin. Chapter 6: Confession. Chapter 
amazing. Nan Goldin captures what it s like to be human in a way that no one else can. Her friends---her family----feel pain and introspection and I felt lonely looking 
This Book Is Magic. I bought Mysterios stranger just days ago after being a David Blaine fan for several years. I have read it twice, once beginning to end. Blaine 
Fascinating expansion on the film. A fine book, filled with gorgeous art. If you are as in awe of Skull Island as I am, is a must-read. It is amazing 
Great book. I took a math class with Rodrigo Cardozo, based on this book and it really taught me how to use propositional calculus while applying it to computer programming.It 
Pretty Book. This is one of the more attractive chess books I ve ever seen. The information in this book is pretty good. Nothing groundbreaking.. Pins, Zugs, Draws, Skewers, etc. 
Animals in Winter - Worth Buying. I am a kindergarten teacher and I absolutely love this book. My students loved it too. I teach a unit on hibernation and this 
Fantastic Book! EVERY small business owner should buy it!. This was a great book! Don t spend one penny on advertising until you read it. It is amazing how many 
Mickley Mantle:Stories and Memorabilia from a Lifetime with The Mick. Wonderful book on Mickey Mantle. Although, I have been lifelong Yankees fan this book had many facts never known to 
what I think about missing may. What I think about Missing MayI think the book Missing May was a very good book it is meaningful and gives a meaningful message. 
a good, light read. It is hard to review a book like this...or is it easy? The book is a collection of modern urban legends and the truth or untruth 
A must read for those interested in psychology. Simply one of the best psychology books I have ever read. It s fascinating. I loved his interpretation of the story Cinderella. 
A Writer s Water. My sister had purchased this book to help her with her grammar. I had no idea that I would start reading this book almost more than 
Some gems diamonds, actually . A collection of baseball stories - or rather, stories involving baseball and baseball players in some way. Kinsella is at hist best when he stays 
This is a great book. Being a college student,I do not agree with the first review at all. This is a great book. It covers the FUNDAMENTALS of college algebra, 
insightful,Informative,easy ready-Great tips. Hi am a mom of a 6yr and 3yr triplets.Though this book is geared toward the birth to 3 yrs. i found the information very informative. I 
Not true to his own theories. This book is one of the most thought-provoking books I ve read in a long time. Koestler presents a fascinating theory that we are 
Excellent. This book was even better than I expected. I like this author and I thought the basic story line sounded interesting so I bought it. It was much a 
Not Your Typical Kidnapping. This book is not your typically kidnapping thriller. In this one the kidnappers are so openly brazen that they can get away that they even let 
Great book for review and supplemental information!. This book is written in a consise easy-to-follow format and went along perfectly with a music history college class I was taking. I 
An Illustration of the Complexities of the War on Terror . Gilles Kepel has produced a significant book that wonderfully addresses the complexities the world currently faces in trying to 
This book was very educational about radio. This book made me realize that radio is not just about playing music. It is about sending and reciving waves to make the 
Well written, with a multitude of unexpected twists. This fifth book of Janette Oke s &quot;Love Comes Softly&quot; series continues the story of main characters Clark and Marty Davis. In 
Excellent book for professionals considering staying at home. This book was incredible. I am an attorney, with a two year old daughter and I am due with our second child 
Sinjun and Colin... First-let s get the issue of the forced sex part on the wedding night-which was dissappointing, disgusting and completely devaluing an otherwise great book-out of the way.Besides 
Ever so mellow. This volume is a great entry to the Chinese take on Buddhism. It consists of a hefty introduction historical background section as well as the text in 
Great Beginnings. I first encountered this book about three years ago when I was looking around for something meaningful to do my Master s degree in. It played a key 
Very Helpful. Just returned from WDW and used book as research before and during trip. Very informative and when used with index you will find what you need fairly quick. 
 ARE WE SISTER, SISTER, BROTHER OR COWARD, COWARD, TRAITOR? . A few years back, Mr. Heaney an excellent poet in his own right caused quite a stir with his 
Excellent advice for the beginner. Mr O Neil gives sound advice to every novice trader, CUT YOUR LOSSES BEFORE YOU GET WIPED OUT! Following simple advice is very difficult to 
A very fair account. This is a very compelling story of a tribal african man and his family before the onset of colonialism and then how they deal with the 
Reassurance in a book. I love this book, and I m only 1 3 of the way through. I had a pretty unconventional relationship - an online, long-distance relationship with 
Best Yet On the Subject. I am a hypnotherapist and have read many books on the subject of past life therapy and I think this is the best yet. Woolger 
User Friendly. I found this book to be completely accessible and user-friendly. The author speaks in terms and in a language that encourages you to read on. I recommend it 
The Secret of how Life Works... The only thing better than this book for understanding how life works is the DVD The Secret. I say that only because it is 
The Reef is Exquisite!. I can t say enough good things about THE REEF! It shows a strong female character in a field that used to be dominated by men, 
I m a huge DS fan. I m huge DS and I loved everything about this novel I even liked the time oeriod it was set in. My heart went 
TRUE STORY. SOME PEOPLE MIGHT FIND THIS BOOK &quot;BLAND&quot; BUT SUCH IS TRUE LIFE! THE PEOPLE WRITTEN ABOUT IN THIS BOOK ARE MY GGG-GRANDPARENTS, THE DE WIT S. EACH GENERATION 
Incredibly addictive!. I ve just got this wonderful book and I can t put it down! I think I may leave it in my gym locker just to encourage me 
Great Introduction to a Wonderful Classic. We have the soundtrack for Les Miserables, and my children 1st & 2nd grade were extremely interested in the storyline. My son was fascinated 
The Bible for New Elementary Librarians, even as Para-profes. This book, which I discovered in a catalog from World Almanac, I believe, was a very useful asset in my two 
a big book. This is a weighty book...literally...I m actually afraid the binding is going to break at some point. I think that several of the essays could have been 
excellent book. There isn t much I want to say in the respect of giving away what the book is about, but I am very impressed with this work. The 
A great Game Show book!. I just love game shows,From Gene Rayburn on Match Game,Richard Dawson on Family Feud,Allen Ludden on Password,Wink Martindale on Tic Tac Dough,Bob Eubanks on The 
Last Oasis: Facing Water Scarcity. For anyone who is interested in water supply issues worldwide, this book is for you. I especially like the way the author is objective and 
I enjoyed this book.... ....but found it confusing since I read Hotspur first. Apparently the author decided to ignore the details in Pete s will in the following books. Doug 
This book delivers!. An intellegent, proven system for resolving any issue currently in your live, even if you are not aware of the problem  
Great plot!. I bought this book a few months ago not realizing it was a screenplay. I tried to read it then, but lost interest, because it was a screenplay. 
Celebrate Self and Life!. I first read Nietzsche s Ecce Homo in August 1988. I bought another copy in October 1989 to read again to decipher more of Nietzsche s 
Ghosts. Gilbert Ryle wrote this classic exposition on the mind-body problem in philosophy with a view to dissipate a myth fundamental to religion and philosophy. His cogent exposition leads us 
First-rate cyberthriller. This 2001 novel of cypherpunks waging a to-the-death combat is a tad dated in terms of its technology, but that doesn t matter. The plot is superb. The 
# 68 on Modern Library s list. Some of the most enduring works of literature live on in our collective memory not because of their plot, or their characters, or 
Review of Church Planting Movements for Pepperdine Missions Class. Because Garrison s book was published in 2004, the stories of church planting movements in all areas of the world, are 
My new favorite cookbook. I bought this cookbook a few years ago, read through it, fixed a couple of cookie and muffin recipes, then put it away. Recently I got 
Workforce Score card. The book has built on the key philosophy underlying the earlier book, The HR Scorecard: Linking People, Strategy, and Performance by Brian Becker, Mark Huselid, and Dave 
buy this right now dont waste time. buy all the interview books they are all better time and money spent than finding out  
Just in time. After a head on collision two years ago, I doubted my ability to recover and whether I would ever walk again. Reading Right Risk provided me with 
Technically, It s Pretty Darn Good. I bought this book to review for a grad. course on children s library services and, thanks to the clever cover, was smiling before 
Great!!. I recomend this book to every new mom. It explains everything that is happening and I knew what to expect before I went to my Dr s appointment. It 
How Christianity Conquered Rome: The Untold Story. Ramsay MacMullen, the author of Christianizing the Roman Empire, is the Dunham Professor of History and Classics at Yale University. On January 5, 
Amazing. This is the best book out there for anyone who has any sort of pain. The Egoscue Method has worked for more people than you could ever imagine. Yes, 
Beautifully written and well researched. As an animal lover who has gotten sick of being attacked for my viewpoints, I undertook this book to inform my self further of the 
A sure besteller!. Robert Carter has brought Buffalo Bill back from near oblivion, and presses his case that Cody was a major American figure in graceful and masterfully written prose 
A lot more than a secretary. This a nice collection of love letters between Albert Einstein and his first wife, Mileva Maric. If you don t know the rest of 
Dialogue of this Time Period May Never Be Better [34][T]. Within a few pages, you know the people of this book well; within a few chapters, you seem to know 
More Than Just History. Like many other reviewers I found this book provacative and profoundly insightful. Mr. Bordewich is to be congratulated for a work well done. Yesterday I recommended 
A MUST READ!. Each arena has it s Michael Jordan. In the courtroom, it is David Berg. And Berg has taken this natural talent and time-honed skill to a new 
Man Alive Blood Alive is the key. THE RAINBOW is the story of three generations of the Brangwen family. Beginning with the first, D. H. Lawrence shows the intricacies of 
Here s a novel with a Twist - Oliver Twist, that is... Like most Dickens books, Oliver Twist is well written and filled with characters as real as the people 
A seductive page turner, but lacking something.... First off, I have to admit: I am 22 years old and read the entirety of this book in one 7 hour sitting 
CLOSE TO BEING A CLASSIC BIGFOOT STORY. Had Jay Kumar approached his novel from a strong angle of horror and blended it with his skillful mix of hunter outdoorsmanship and 
I like this guy. I reviewed one of his books recently, with young Joe Leaphorn as the protagonist. This one was written much later, and Legendary Lieutenant Leaphorn comes out 
The Maturation of a Natural Poet. With this volume, I believe, Franz Wright finally, fully passed from beneath the shadow of his father, the famous poet James Wright. In fact, 
Took me HOME..... This novelist came into my world via Larry Brown..I stumbled upon LB by way of Goodwill actually..as LBs self-proclaimed mentor ...and by all means a fantastic one..If 
Demonic? I think not!. I read this book. It s helped me understand my purpose and that we re not all here for the same reason.In reply to Jay: It 
Organic Gardening 101. Well it is a textbook. It is authoritative and boring to read unless you are into the subject. It has no pictures. It is a classic. Put 
Boyhood dreams become reality. This is one classic must-read for anyone, child or adult, who thinks they can t live their dreams. Homer did, supported by his loving mother and 
a textbook worth buying. I have seen other people s review, and I must say that because people have different needs and expectations, so our ratings and opinions about this 
Prince of Tides by Pat Conroy. I have loved this book from the first time I picked it up, gazed at the cover, and began reading page number one. I 
great. My grandchildren were very happy that I had the newest book for them. Said that they really enjoyed the story and can t wait for the next editio  
Really four and a half stars... This is a fantastic book, both for those who are conscious of their chakras and for those who are unfamiliar with energy work. Choquette 
An excellent book for beginners and professionals. Having spent many years in sales and marketing, and now as an author Windows 98 and MCSE Study Tips for Dummies and trainer 
A powerful and important contribution to Black Death scholarship. This is one of the most important books to have been published on the epidemiology of the Black Death.George Christakos and 
Disturbing, saddening, realistic journey. Not much more needs to be said about this excellent book. As a teacher preparing a class on the 60s and Vietnam, I found myself emotionally 
Designers Must Have. Although the examples of the new design in type seem &quot;far out,&quot; this book is a must-have for any serious designer who doesn t want to be 
Better than Xanax!!. I could not put this book down, and LOVED it. Unlike other books that make you feel bad for not having all the right stuff,this one really 
Great study of the late witch hunts. Although not the definitive guide on witchcraft, this book does do justice to the late Middle Ages and beyond, and describes the evolution 
Not for the Closed Minded. I am a lay person who has a very open mind as to how others view Christianity and all that that entales. Hell is one 
It changed my life. People do not argue with the teaching of George, they simply do not know it. And it is impossible to do otherwise with his teaching, for 
Humor and Biology--A Good Mix. Gary Larson has teamed up with Stephen Jay Gould, paleontologist and taxonomist --Harvard University, to create a biologically funny book. Humor has a purpose in 
A complete system, thorough and effective. I was worried that this would be another time management book that would tell me how to arrange my day using a planner, but 
New World. It was a new world to Drew O Connor. His new wife couldn t even make soap. It was a new world to Lady Constance Morrow. Her new 
Informative and perfect in every way. This is a book about Holy Fathers that were the first to go out into the desert and attempt to live the life christ 
A straightforward, extensive, and sober scholarly resource. Written by experienced film historian and writer Rolf Giesen, Nazi Propaganda Flims: A History And Filmography is an informed and informative encyclopedic compilation 
Fine guide, concise, well written. This Cliff Notes guide provides a clear and concise analysis and discussion of the famous Conrad short novel. The author discusses Conrad s personal background 
A Simple Spiritual Book. Coelho does an amazing job at allowing the reader to reflect on his her own life while reading this amazing story about a young adult trying 
Very pleasantly surprised... I purchased Empire of Wealth to address the glaring deficit in my knowledge of American history from an economic perspective. At the same time, I was dreading 
The Girl in the Fall-Away Dress. I thought this would be just another lame, overly sensitive chick book that my wife brought home. The cover shot is a nice way 
An essential book for anyone who has been diagnosed with cancer. The theme of this book is that with positive expectancy of treatment and the patient s positive outlook, you 
A must for professional service firms. The authors have done a superior job in offering step-by-step guidance in business development processes for professional service firms. It s tough if not 
Comes Up Trumps. The Unofficial Guide to Starting a Small Business is a well-written manual for the entrepreneur whose corporate ambition is focused closer to Everest s base than to 
Lonely Planet World Food: Spain. As frequent world travelers, there are certain &quot;rituals&quot; we perform prior to departure. Chief among these familiarizing ourselves with the local cuisine, and preparing dishes 
Excellent book. I read the review and got the book and fell in love with it. I think Nora is a great writer i have read other of noras book 
Mifune God of Judo!. Fabulous, Fantastic, Ace excellent... Another detailed book about Judo that adds to the quality of knowledge on the art from one of its greatest practitioners.It has 
great aviation novel and media satire. A well-researched look at aviation that reminded me of the novels of Nevil Shute.My favorite chapter was Friday Norton QA 11:50am. A perfect description 
Much needed book!. Hi Ladies,Please read this book even if you do not want to. If you know you should read it, but cannot get past that reader s block 
House of Sand and Fog. When I was first considering reading The House of Sand and Fog I asked several people for their thoughts and opinions. From everone I asked, 
The Book of the Millenium. I am on my seventh reading of this book. I read some out of it most days and find it continuously fresh, insightful, and inspirational. 
The Midwife s Amazing Apprentice. I am writing this book review, because it was assigned as a class project by my teacher.In the book The Midwife s Apprentice a cold 
Entertaining and thought provoking. I really enjoyed this book. It was highly entertaining with a thought provoking concept. Basicly it is about the relationship between a woman and a man 
One of the best in the Lost Era series. Keith DeCandido s The Art of the Impossible is devoted to the Cardassian-Klingon cold war remembered as the Betreka Nebula Incident 
Traversing the Americas. Paul Theroux, in his introduction to THE OLD PATAGONIAN EXPRESS, states that his wish was to make this the ultimate book about getting there. As in his 
One of Five Books Not Stars . I ve read probably close to every book on inluence and persuasion in print in English. This is right up there among the 
Wealth of Information. I recently bought this for a dear friend who has been diagnosed with cancer. In addition to the good recipes, the book contains valuable explanations written by 
The Whole World Was Watching. I received the book today and could not put it down. It really helped me understand the real story in Romaine s eyes and life. 
Still Working. I had a copy of this book when it first came out -- probably still have it, somewhere. I recently reordered it because I recently let my hair 
Best of the easiest, but being dated is showing through. As a perennial instructor of the Programming Languages PL course, I have been using Sebesta for a long, long time, 
A return after decades. Maybe some of you can relate to this.I played giutar in high school back in the early 70 s then left it behind for decades. Recently, 
another hit. clive takes you thru twists and turns, both natural and man made and the danger is really page turning. a GREAT BOOK TO READ DURING A THUNDER STORM 
OPTIONS. Even though I m giving author Woodson s book a four star rating, I m not doing him a favor. My reviews usually get stepped on pretty hard by 
Great book. I loved Merrick. He s all that a man should b  
Can t help myself!. All right, I admit it. I m a sucker for lists. I m a sucker for Christmas. And I m a sucker for all those keen-sounding 
Lessons for many in high-pressure working relationships. This story of greed and glory is one that has been acted out in all types of businesses - large or small, service 
Enlighteningand and entertaining. Dr.Paul O. continues his insightful views on how we see ourselves and others and why. It s a perfect followup toTHERE S MORE TO QUITTING DRINKING THAN 
I still have it memorized!. My favorite illustration is the one where the mother mouse is feeding her son or daughter? an impossibly large cheese banquet, much to his her 
Captivating and tender romance. Thrilling to the last minute with realisic and cultured dialogue, this is an excellent novel of sincere devotion  
Don t miss this read!!. This book by TsiTsi Dangarembga is a powerful book. You will find yourself hating and loving characters as they travel through their life in Zimbabwe. 
A good informitive book!. If a bus could talk is about a little girl named Marcie who steps onto a bus that can talk. The bus tells her that she 
Outstanding!. One of the biggest quandaries amongst Nationalists, Communists and The Left is the lack of understanding on how this country really operates - this lack thereof is predominantly from 
Learning and Loving It. New to running, and inspired by a commitment to my first triathlon Danskin , I borrowed this book from the library. Needless to say, I quickly 
great instruction, even if a bit self-congratulatory. this book follows the tradition of nicklaus s golf my way and tiger s how i play golf, mixing information about the player 
Excellent. My son who is 3 years old loves trains. Actually he is a fanatic of trains and everything which has trains in it. Because of that, I decided to 
This book is great. Jeff Smith has again astounded me with the hardback publishing of the Dragonslayer series. A great plot, witty dialogue, and precise drawings make this one a 
Broadly informed, accessibly presented. Lesa Bellevie s book surveys and critiques a broad, comprehensive, and diverse array of studies and theories about Mary Magdalene, including the recent wave of scholarly 
Ironic and captivating. This is an interesting book on an unusual subject. People like John O Neill are not usually the subjects of biographies. He wasn t anywhere near prominent 
Eye opening. I used this book in a class on social diversity that I took some time ago.It s easy for people to claim that they are simply free from 
Eco s Story is Essential also in English. This comes from a long-time Eco The Name of The Rose fan.. You come to realize that this book is not the 
Some passages are so beautiful you ll read them two or three times. Yes, it s a great story. But caveat emptor: it can be a dense read. However, the 
Changed my tofu life!. Although I have always considered myself a tofu fan, my use of it had been limited to fairly typical stir fries or eating it uncooked on 
Something s out there... This is one heck of an amazing book. I m not going to give away anything, but it s ending is amazing, and powerful.Don t brush 
Teenagers relate to Zits. It is funny and the most well dramatized version of a teenage life  
Don t go to India without this book!!!. Many times throught this book it mentions that India is not for the fainthearted. Amen to that. Please take this book and 
A very complete and well illustrated guide. This field guide is very well organized and illustrated. It is quite complete. With over 300 pages of information this is a must 
An indispensible guide to Heidegger s work. I don t think I could have ventured too far into Being and Time or the rest of Heidegger s philosophy if not 
liberals are inexplicable. This book is intended to show how bad those mean old anti communists were and how noble and heroic the communists were. Except. By showing us the 
I love the tutorials practicing making a website!. Even though I bought 2 other good books on FP 2003, I d probably recommend this one to someone who could only 
 Real Good Reading. Like other reviewers before me, I had been a long time user of the Weber Big Book of Grilling, or the Red Book as it is 
Great resource for college-level math students... I wish I had known about this summary when I was taking my Fundamental Concepts in Math course at the university. I would have 
Fantastic!. This is one of my absolute favorite books. It s one of those that you just cannot put down. I don t want to ruin the end, which is 
Great ideas and pictures... I love this book. The themes and pictures are great. I just think it s more for the higher end crowd.  
Not Bad Not Bad at All. The book I read was called The Wind in the Willows and was written by Kenneth Grahame. I would recommend this book to a 
There s a lot of bunko in this world... ...but Richard Shenkman tries to give us the critical eye to spot it. This book, though dated and somewhat sketchy in 
Terrific Views of Founders. This book is a series of essays on several of our Founders such as Washington, Franklin, Jefferson, Madison, Burr, Hamilton, etc. The essays address how each 
an extremely helpful guide for a challenging game. Bradygames brings us this strategy guide for Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater for the Playstation 2. This is a fairly large 
Unbelievable. I ve never seen a book that covers half of what this book covers on storyboards. I had no idea there was this much to doing storyboards. The new 
Healing Hypertension by Mann. Hypertension is inferred from a blood pressure level of 140 90or higher. Once diagnosed, it is necessary for a physician ormedical provider to probe hidden emotions 
The Gerson Therapy. It is truly exciting to find a therapy that works for seriously ill people, especially when the medical establishment had given up on them. This book presents 
Excellent insight into Lean Six Sigma from a real world perspective:. The first chapters provide an easy to follow overview of Lean. The origins and evolution of Lean are nicely 
excelent buy. i am a fanatic of guiness and a collector of the books so the book gets better every year .......  
It broke me. Nicholas Sparks, with every book he s ever written, has succeeded in making me cry. And so it is, with this book, I cried like my baby 
If you really want an overview of the subject at hand... then this is perhaps the best book to pick up, as an intro... But ask yourself, honestly- why are 
I love this book. I don t normally read children s books, but this one is wonderful! The story and writing are very moving, the illustrations are beautiful. And the 
Quantum Touch Healing Book Review. Service on this book was very good as I received it in a timely manner. Although I am in the process of reading the book, 
The Best Nutrional Guide on the Market!. I ve been using this book religiously for years. I just got this updated version. The advice in the book is invaluable. There 
Having not read this particular book... Maybe it s too easy to take one thing that someone says anyone says and not make sense from it once it s out 
Life Changing. When thoroughly digested and fully comprehended, the principles and their practical application of James Allen s classic will Change Your Life...and more importantly the way you think about 
All I can say is wow!. Another masterpeice by the team of writer Garth Ennis an Iraish crazed, yet genious writer and artist Steve Dillon Ennis s partner in crime, 
A Fable of Life Inscribed on the Plains of the Old West. Actually I saw the movie many years back and, remembering that and recently reading another Doctorow book, I 
The best!. Fredric Brown s short stories are some of the best I ve ever read. They re incredibly imaginative, sharp and often funny. Brown also invented many scifi concepts 
Leave reality at the door. This is not a typical read for me, but I enjoyed it. I read the first 148 pages wondering if this was going to be 
Recipe for roast possum. Everyone needs a recipe for roast possum. White Trash Cooking has one and the book is dead serious. I had a lot of fun and laughs 
Insights into the Victorians. The youngest of the three literary Bront sisters, Anne was the first to die, within only two years of the publication of Agnes Grey and one 
THE REVIEW. I felt that the book was not as objective as i would have liked it to be. I felt that opinions should have been kept out  
Unique Idea, Brilliantly Done! Can t Wait to Read the Sequel!. Fitzhugh s debut novel Pest Control introduced the reading public to a new great author who proved through subsequent 
A fine review of palmistry and fortunetelling. Richard Webster s Palm Reading For beginners provides a fine review of palmistry and fortunetelling, from learning major and minor hand lines to 
If you lost the faith, you are a few pages from finding it!. I am completely sure that every kind of reader will get pleasure from this book; furthermore, I 
Start Late, Finish Rich. Great advice. I had purchased the Automatic Millionaire several years ago and had followed the advice for setting up automatic payments for my 401K and had 
Dancer Bio. A great read. What can I say. Parts of it are a little dry, but Ms. Tharp writes well enough that we can see her thoughts. There are 
A quick easy read for Juniors in High School. A quick easy read with big ideas and great concepts. This and Gladwell s Tipping Point should be on all the 
Great. I really enjoyed packing volume three with me on a recent vacation trip. Feynman amazes me with his clarity of thought, clear explanations, and wonderful sense of humor. Why 
Individuals and Institutions. This book by Robert Bellah and his colleagues elaborates upon the need for re-thinking the relationships between individuals and social institutions. Each of the major topical chapters 
A Powerful Book. I purchased this book at a crossroads in my life. I had lost a job that I changed careers to puruse. At the time I made the 
cool!. Kammy s summer is turning upside down: her father is getting married again. And she has to go to camp for the first time  
An Oasis in the Casebook Desert. Easily the best casebook I have had yet. The cases are interesting and easy to follow. The authors have made a shocking break with 
Wonderful, transformative book - highly recommend. This book offers powerful wisdom, written in an easily understandable style. Mr. Perkins has worked healing wonders on my college-aged son, both physically and 
You have to read this!. As a recovering addict 3 years clean I fell in love with this book. The way he describes his struggle to overcome the addictions, to 
Define Normal . Define Normal is a book about a girl name Antonia who goes to peer counseling and ends up with a girl who is totally different from herself. 
Like no other. No one ever wrote a novel like this. Himes literary novels had an ability to reasonably place his heros up against powerful social forces and powerful personal 
Venice in ruins, I enjoy to rebuild. Coover has no truck with the security, the romantic haze even, the complacent ease with which the story of Venice is enshrouded, and 
1776-Great Book for a Great Year. David McCullough s 1776, an account of the American Revolution from the declaration of war in October of 1775 to the battle at Princeton 
This Is The best biography I ve read. I read this book in 3 days and found it to be the most interetsing and fun biographies I ve read. I 
A Very Important Quick Reference Work For Your Library. Right now the battle for the hearts and minds and souls of our children is being waged between the humanists Christianphobic 
Loved the book!. I absolutely admire Ann Coulter and Bill O Reilly Culture Warrior for standing up for Christian values. I ve often wondered why Americans are not outraged by 
All things considered I enjoyed it ... As a suburban housewife with no experience and little interest in hay, I enjoyed it and would recommend it with some reservations. I 
Good Summer Reading. This is history lite--fun summer reading for those who like American political history. To be fair to the author, anything more would have been a dense academic 
Morgan makes it all worthwhile. The third book in Morgan s Takeshi Kovacs series ought to be a lot worse than it is. The main character, basically a techno-tough in 
Raw and Captivating. A few pages into this remarkable page-turner you ll be wondering why you hadn t known all this about one of America s true maga-stars. A Hollywood 
Prez Reverte lo ha hecho otra vez. Lo que en el lejano 1997 comenz siendo un entretenimiento, un osado intento de que los nios y adolescentes espaoles se aficionaran a 
Much more than your usual photography exhibition. Photography not only shaped art in the last century, it dominated it - and what better to demonstrate and celebrate this domination than 
An On Target Cookbook!. The trouble with a lot of Thanksgiving cookbooks is that they throw so many new and quite exotic dishes at the reader. I think most people 
Science and fiction. The story is lovely, and the facts are true to science. A very nice combination  
Scrabble Players Dictionary. A wonderful tool for the scrabble players. Easy to use and handy to hav  
Are you a seer?. If you are, this book is one of your best guides. I loved this story as a child, particularly as I was a child who saw 
As Expected - It s Fantastic!. Jeffery Deaver never ceases to amaze me with his imagination in creating believable yet intriguing plots. STONE MONKEY is no different.The Ghost is a 
Excellent. I found this to be an excellent reading, having been in Thailand for a couple of years, and visiting prisoners now and then in Bang Kwan Prison, I can 
Finally an original story!. I have been very impressed with the other books I ve read by this author, each one has a unique premise and a completely different progression. 
Miracles happen. Kathleen, a twelve year old Dublin girl, is living among a struggling family in the early depression. When she shows up late to her strict, Catholic school a 
I m So Sorry. I m not at all attracted to biographies of Hollywood stars although I must have read at least one of the many bios of Marilyn Monroe. 
This can be a life-changing book. If you have suffered from a difficult childhood, especially one which included an alcoholic, this book is a must read. Because he lived the 
Very interesting. For all of you who like Ancient Egypt and such please buy this book it is really cool! it is mystical in every way so by it! E.A 
A great novel... When I look back on thr books I ve read in the past ten years, Robert Hellega s The Sixteen Pleasures is near the top of my 
great short story. GREAT BOOK...THIS SHORT STORIE DESERVES TO BE MADE INTO A FEATURE FILM...IT HAS GREAT POTENTIAL. JSUT LIKE MOST OF THE SHORT STORIES FROM THE NIGHT SHIFT COLLECTION, 
Enjoyable read, especially for coffee connoisseurs. Cleo Coyle writes an entertaining, well developed mystery in Latte Trouble. I have long wanted to read one of her books and this one 
A Classic Teaching Tale Well Illustrated. Paul Galdone is on my entering kindergartener s Summer Reading List and I can certainly understand why. He has a marvelous way of drawing 
Cant get them out of my mind. I absolutely loved this book. The characters are wonderful, the story is so intense that I could not put the book down. I 
good book. My daughter loves how large this book is. She seems interested and stimulated by the story. She is 2 years ol  
The Power of prayer and fellowship in Christ. This book was a Masterpiece of a book and I enjoyed every bit of it. I could clearly see that God uses 
knowledge is power!!!. Very intresting book,, it explains the MEDICAL stand point about depression which involves diffrent parts of the brain,,also explains that a diet higer in protein lower in 
Action Packed!. Initially, I would have expected that Rosalind would have been featured in the 3 book, but I understand why she wasn t. I found this to be thrilling... 
Retreat planning tool. This book was recommended prior to a spiritual growth retreat. All retreat members read the book and were very pleased with the information. It is easy to 
Anthropology - not history. David Hackett Fisher s Albion s Seed is an enlightening and fascinating book.The reason it had such a powerful impact on me is because I was 
Wonderful!!!. This is my favorite book of all time. By the time I had graduated high school, I had already read it twice. I wrote a term paper on it 
Women Working Wisely. This book has been an invaluable reference and resource for me. Pat Heim s experience in addressing relationally aggressive behaviors between women in the workplace shows through 
Nazar. I think it is a form of art. Even those who like art, will like this. Excellent quality  
An indispensable book for anyone serious about FLW. This book is indispensable for anyone serious about Wright or american or modern architecture. It contains detailed plans of every known work, 
Not an easy read, but extremely valuable. Although the book isn t quite the easiest to read, the information within is crucial for photographers and painters  
The guide for all. I first used this as a high school student then later at university doing engineering. It s so worn it s due for replacement. Handy size, 
Ever think about creating YOUR own civilization?. I would like to have met Wesley if he was a real kid. He looks like Harry Potter without the scar, but unlike 
Great lifetime diet recommendations. This book is the evolution of the atkins diet and the best low carb and high health diet book availible. As every low carb dieter knows 
Great for starting a copywriting business. Although this book is not new, it is still a great book to use for starting a copywriting business. It helps you establish fees, 
Daphne Du Maurier is brilliant. The poetic language and tasteful suspense makes Jamaica Inn and Rebecca by Daphne DuMaurier two of my favorite books. Jamaica Inn is a brilliant story, 
Spirit Filled Advice. I enjoyed this book very much because of its focus on turning to the Lord to aid in our struggles with stress. Medically the advice is very 
Enjoying the lifestyle. From a converted Atkins fan, comes accolades on this approach to dieting. It does seem similar to Suzanne Sommer s Somersize. It gives you recipes, shopping list, 
Review people!!. Ok, I would first love to address the fact that some self proclaimed experts have taken it upon themselves to lecture us on the big bad Hillary Clinton. 
Pigs Will Be Pigs. I loved this book! The kids I read it to also loved it. They really got into it. They tried to guess how much money the 
Riverfront Resident Finds &quot;River of Lakes&quot; a Scenic View. Bill Belleville s sublime story of the St. John s River was a book I could not put down. A modern 
Loved it!. I had to read this book for a class and loved it. I learned a lot about teaching and ways to improve how I teach math.  
Declaration of independence. The religious veneer of the United States is dominated by larger corporate-style denominations. There are major Protestant denominations - United Methodists, Presbyterians, Southern Baptists and American Baptists, 
This is a very good book. The man who walked between the towers is a very good book.It have details and good pictures.I rated it for 5 stars the book 
A Rare Voice. I have been reading this book and it has been changing my life. I never really considered going out on this particular limb before and I m 
A Touching Life. I live in Thailand and have traveled to Burma sometimes called &quot;Myanmar&quot; . I was prepared to like this book and I was expecting the heroic life 
A Great Psychology Text. This is one of the best books written in Psychology and is often overlooked my many people in the field. It was last revised in 1970 
GREAT BOOK!. What a cool resource. I am an intermediate Photoshop user and this book gave me some quick shortcuts that I might never have known.  
A Must-Read for Latino Studies or Hip Hop fans. I really enjoyed this book. As a Latino who from the Northeast who is now in his mid-20s, I remember the 
Uncommon Traveler Review by Emma Lunsford. Uncommon Traveler is a glimpse into the life of Mary Kingsley. The book takes us from her lonely childhood to her adventurous travels in 
The Iron Heel of the Plutocracy. This then is our answer . . . We will grind you revolutionists down under our heel, and we shall walk upon your faces. 
Miss Pumphius. This is an excellent book. The prose and illustrations are beautiful. Through the adventures of a little girl, growing into a young woman, then into an old woman, 
A Nice Thoughtful Read. Just reading the book jacket I knew what was in store plot wise. But, it is in the details that this book shines. The monologue style 
Fast Quilts from Fat Quarters. My, oh, my. I had no clue how wonderful this book was when I ordered it.My 14 year old granddaughter picked up the book last 
God Is My Co-Pilot. This book is great reading. It tells the personal account of a man who above all things wishes to fly. He takes his flying skills to 
Amusing and worthwhile. This book is both helpful and entertaining. Its style, which amounts to a compilation of aphorisms--some of them clever--makes it an easy read.As a veteran of the 
There s no better!. There is no better source of information about older cameras. With hundreds thousands? of photos and excellent descriptions, if you collect, buy or are just interested 
A PRETTY GOOD WAR THRILLER... This book is kind of unique since it essentially covers only the last day or so in Tokyo prior to the surrender by the Japanese 
The Best One Yet. The third installment in the Alex Hawke adventure series is easily the best book yet, though there were still a few wrinkles that needed ironing out. 
Good, but not exactly what I was looking for. Being interested in the topic made the book very helpful. But I was a bit disapointed with his obvious slant towards 
Winning. This book is one of the best I ve read, because it s obvious that Mr. Welch is a human being first, and a success second. It s underscored 
MUSHROOMS DEMYSTIFIED. A VERY GOOD REFERENCE, BUT ALMOST TOO MUCH INFO TO PROCESS FOR THE BEGINNER  
Recommended to me by a millionaire. This book is a great read- it was actually recommended to me by a self made real estate investor multi-millionaire! lol Very insightful, and 
It s A Relief To Know I Am Not Crazy!. ALL of my life I have had the types of coincidences occur that this author talks about in his book. 
Nice way to ease into an exercise. This book has been helpful to me because it eases me into exercising without overwhelming me with alot of rules I need to 
If you can t be an eyewitness. Beautiful glossies of the past decade s most significant crop circles coupled with an excellent popular scientific approach to the phenomenon.The mathematics of 
The Best Shakespeare Book Around. This book was the best Shakespeare book i ve read. It had great facts and pictures for my Shakespeare roport. Now i read it for 
Gorgeously Illustrated Book on Growing Tropical Bamboos. The authors are among the English-speaking world s leading authorities on selecting, propagating, managing, harvesting and utilizing tropical bamboos as ornamentals and windbreaks, 
So useful and entertaining, easy to read and enjoyable. Roberta Duyff writes with her reader in mind. She offers creative and fun ideas to help people make small nutrition and 
Orwell does Asop. A dark fable about what went wrong with the Russian Revolution. Brillient, has most of the themes that showed up in 1984 as well as ideas of 
Well worth the wait!. Wow! I m speechless, which is a RARE occurance! What an amazing installment! I feel like I ve been waiting a lifetime for this sequel to 
Great Lakes. We are using this book with our Literature Study. The girls have enjoyed all of Thomas s creativity. We have also gotten to experiment with several of his 
Great Book!. I took this book to Hawaii with me and found out very quickly it was a perfect choice. I loved the relationship between the two main characters. I 
Great basic cartography book. Informative, well written, and easy to understand. Great for anyone entering the GIS world or interested in cartography  
The ONLY one you need. Four words: I love this book! If you are looking for something simple and easily laid out, this is the book for you.My sister-in-law told 
sadly and sweetly written. Joyce Johnson s Missing Men is a wrenchingly sad account of her life, coming of age in 1950s Bohemia. An only child, she details her mother 
I love this book... I really enjoyed this book about leadership. The comparison to Tony Soprano s management and leadership ability makes it worth reading and it is not boring.I 
Gives a great overview of the famed amusement park. An enjoyable reading if you desire a history lesson on the famed amusement park. Through great pictures and words the author 
Great book!. This book is great for cardmakers and scrapbookers. A lot of the ideas can also be used on scrapbook pages. The book gives very good instructions.  
Excellent!. Updated version of the classic &quot;A Natural Destination&quot; guidebook. The change in title also reflects a more reader-friendly format profiling &quot;the jewel of the Caribbean.&quot; You ll find travel 
Survivors.... Survivor in death is the 23rd book in the In death series. If you already are a fan of the series, I am pretty sure you will like it 
Deja Vu, All Over Again. RISING TIDERising Tide: The Great Mississippi Flood of 1927And How it Changed America--By John M. BarryJohn Barry s stellar history of the forgotten events of 
Very good. I enjoyed this book very much. In some reviews people comment that the book was hard to get for many years because it glorifies war. I didn t 
saw results in days. I really enjoyed this book and was able to see changes in the behavior of my 3 year old within days of implementing the information in 
unicorns : Coloring book. It s got nice pictures and you can color it any color you want. It gives you neat information about Unicorns. My favorite is the double 
An Important Insight to a Crucial Relationship. Taken on its own terms, this inside look at the deceptive public face put on the crippled President by Wilson and his new 
An Anthology review. I m not a huge fan of the format. It s a compilation of a whole bunch of different articles. Many are interesting, but some just whine 
very helpful!. This is the one book I have been referring to while going on my interviews. Great book with a lot of insight for myself who have not interviewed 
This Book Simply Lands Jobs!. Great book gives you all the insider information that you need to get the job of your dreams. I am in the final interview process 
Great book for the advanced amateur. This book uses complete games to examine pawn structures--their strengths and weaknesses. Marovic uses a conversational tone to explain important points and keeps analysis 
Good basic advice. I think this book should be required reading for any parent and even the grown children should probably read it. In my view the advice is a 
Business. Interesting read. You will definitely identify descriptions of people you work with or have worked with. Some good basic insights  
Wow! Some People Really Don t Get It... I was amazed at several of the reviews here which give this book a low rating. They say it was unreadable , 
We ll have to think of a lot of new adjectives ... In the classic film, King Kong, the character of Carl Denham Robert Armstrong tells Capt. Englehorn Frank Reicher 
Coase is certainly worthy of his Nobel. This book is a reprint of several of Coase s previous works together with an introduction that links them. This line of thinking 
Another Glowing Review. I read this book on the recommendation of a neighbor who is an expert on the beer industry and knows one of the authors . I found 
Sheri Updike has written an awesome cookbook!. I ve been having a rather difficult time coping with lactose intolerance. It s hard being a college student and finding &quot;safe&quot; foods 
Strawberry Girl. Today I just finished reading a book called Strawberry Girl. It is a very good book. It is a John Newbery Medal book by Lois Lenski. Birdie Boyer 
Highly recommended. This is an excellent source of information and inspiration for anyone who is dealing with cancer as a patient, friend or family member. I have given this book 
A message that outlasts time. Yesterday I was reminded of this awesome little book after interviewing someone who listed it as one of his favorite business reads. George S. Clason 
Accessible, significant, colorful, inexpensive ... Greatest Hoosier artist ever? ... is a leading question. The sadly neglected tale of a shy 13 year-old boy traveling alone across the sea and 
Wonderful book!. I ejoy reading this book! The author quite obviously knows what he is talking about. He gives wonderful explanations and provides insights to the Yoga Sutras. I am 
An Excellent Patent Search Reference. Too often, inventors and business owners plunge ahead with an exciting new idea. They invest large sums of money in research and tooling only to 
Enlightening!. This is the first time I have studied the wisdom of Ignatius, and I am enthralled! Dean Brackley does a fabluous job of relating these wise thoughts to today 
fairly - easy to follow. Unlike some tutorials that just tell you what to do, she explains what you are doing and why you are. The book is logical and 
So it goes... Vonnegut in my opinion is both a genius and a madman. Ever since reading Slaughter House 5 in high school I have held Vonnegut in high regard 
skink rides again. I loved the characters as much as I have in his other books I have read. A lot of fun  
Well done !. An excellent guide through trading systems. It helps me a lot in My day trading.Only useful things  
A fabulous and stimulating reading !. Professor Tillich has written a marvelous book that provokes insight, incites thought, and instigates courage. The courage to be makes a great and stimulating 
Books for the home library. Introduced to this book at National Naval Medical Center, although not the text we use at MUSC, I m glad I found it, great buy 
my son couldn t put this book down. When I ordered this book, my son took it with him where every we went. He read it and wrote in it 
Unique book. The only book written on how to build a cathedral. Very informative and helpful to a novice  
Exciting crafts ideas to use your stash of photos. This book has some GREAT ideas for using those stored photographs! We ve already gone through several boxes and made a 
Read with a skeptical but open mind.. I m serious when I say this book changed my life, not in a major epiphany way, but in a compelling and clear 
Sorry reviewer from LA. Sorry reviewer from LA, but at least the previous reviewer who you were surprised could write well spelled Riesman s name correctly....oops! Guess we all have 
Christmas in Cape Light. Once again, visiting the fictional Cape Light for Christmas is almost like going home for Christmas! The familiar characters are like family, and the story is 
Excellent reference and tutorial. Exactly what I needed as I learn more about beading. Good reference source, tutorials basic how-tos and clear illustrations. I like compact size and the wire 
Thank you Mr. Greene. Jay P. Greene has an agenda: the beginning of a modern system of public education. Wake up America, we need change in Public Education and Greene 
A glaring example of depravity. Taming the Sharks is a masterful combination of academic and common-sense notions that every American capable of introspection should read. Utilizing a continuum of sources 
a good book. I read this book when it came out and thoroughly enjoyed it. I liked the fact that it switched back and forth from different time periods so 
Descriptions of book spoil the story!. I love this book and have selected it as one of my book group s monthly picks. My problem is that the Publisher s 
bioprocess engineering:basic concepts ISBN 0134782151. im going to use this book the next semester in the univesity of puerto rico, mayaguez campus, and i need a copy of it to 
a very comprehensive overview. I read this book to get an understanding of the history of korea in the greater sense, and also as one of a group of books 
A funny western full of action and suspense. Billy Christmas writes a goodbye letter to his mother on the night before his thirteenth birthday when he runs away from home. 
why you should read this. I ve read a few RC s now, and while so far they ve all been pretty good reads, I want mention that this one 
This one is classic for brainstorming ideas. If you are at all crafty, you ll get tons of inspiration from these ideas. While you may not do these projects exactly, 
Genealogist s Delight. Anyone working on their family history will delight in this book. It presents questions to be answered by Grandpa for every day of the year. When the 
Beautiful story. I truely enjoyed reading the series and actually hate to have reached the end. I am blessed to see the reviews of other christians who enjoyed the series 
The next best thing to being Santa Claus. Thanks to the Oppenheims, I am the best gift giver in my family. I m not letting anyone in my family know 
The Trojan War your English teacher didn t teach you about...but should have!. An Arrow s Flight is the story of Pyrrhus a.k.a. Neoptolemus , the son of Achilles, fated 
Not a feminist tract but... When I was pregnant with my second child, my first boy, I worried a lot about raising him successfully when I had almost no family 
A moving story well-told. Newfoundland is the easternmost outpost of Canada in the North Atlantic, and in 1962, Farley Mowat, already a well known writer, moved to the town of 
Brilliant, Inspiring and Moving. One has to read the work on Sariputta and Ananda to know that great virtues do live in the heart of mankinds. Especially at the reading 
Still Great. I very much enjoyed Blue Moon. This book focused on the relationship between Richard and Anita. They ve been at war of sorts since Anita left him for 
It s gold to me. I ve spent a long time with this book because I keep rereading passages I love. I quote Bennett-Goleman; I try to incorporate her themes 
The world through the cynical eyes of a 15-year-old adult. Poor Vernon. Sort of a loner, sort of a loser, he stands accused of being an accomplice to the Columbine-style 
One of the best ever written!!!. Swan song was given to me by my older sister and ever since then I have been an avid reader! Swan Song is one 
Lippincott s Illustrated Reviews ; Biochemistry. Easy to understand with numerous illustrations and very good explanations.I think the unique style with which this book is written, will help evena student 
The first World Series. It is appropriate, in this 100th anniversary of the first baseball World Series, that there is a book telling all about it. It s especially appropriate 
Designed for beginners, worth the price for veterans. Dispite being designed for beginners and graduates of the D&D Basic game this box is worth every penny for players of every 
Couldn t put it down!. This was a wonderful book! Elizabeth Berg has done it again with a fascinating story about a an adult woman polio survivor, her adolescent daughter, 
THE instruction manual on teenagers. Every parent and person that works with youths should have this book. It is THE manual for understanding teenagers. Chapman does a fantastic job of 
A BOOK THAT SHOULD BE REPUBLISHED. The 100 has been a life-changing book for me. It has unlocked history for me - allowed me to relate to it and retain 
You might look like a lunatic to other motorists. As a lifelong book junkie, I approached audio books with a hefty amount of reluctance - not because I would prefer 
This Book Was Really Good. Jerry Spinelli was one of my favourite authors. I decided to read his biography for school. Now he is still one of my favorite authors 
A Good Compilation of Writings. While I have read a few Durcker articles before, this has been the first Drucker book I read. I am not going into the TOC 
The Evolution of Evolution. Terry Pratchett is always a joy to read and it is pretty obvious why he is one of the best selling, if not the best selling 
Search for the Perfect Golf Club. Best book of its kind on the Market. A must for ebery serious golfer or for one who wants to get the most out 
Excellent tool. I ve read this book twice now. The first time I was still using and the second when I quit. It was a very comprehensive guide and I 
A textbook on the firm. This book is probably the first textbook on economics of organization. Since published in 1992, it has been widely used in classes. The main framework 
Alaskan artist. The paintings capture light and shadows with incredible beauty and are inspiring to my own watercolor endeavors. The book is a worthwhile addition to any watercolorist s library 
A Nice Mystery... Gallows View was my first inspector Banks mystery and I have to say that I enjoyed it thoroughly. A peeping-tom incident, and a murder and several house 
It reminds me of... More than 40 years ago I was enthralled reading a first novel by an, at the time, unknown writer John Le Carre. It was called The 
A relatively comprehensive though dogmatic reference. As a professional sprouter I have plenty of experience - and - have read every book under the sun on sprouts. Mark s book 
Best marriage book on the market. This book gives excellent examples for any marriage. This book covers a wide array of topics. He is a sex therapist, couselor and medical 
Superb biography of a mad scientist. Nicola Tesla is one of the wonders of recent centuries. A more complex and mysterious man can hardly be imagined. He is known to 
Extensive in Providing Career Preparation. This book fills a niche unlike any other book of its kind in that it provides students with comprehensive information that can enable them to 
Holistic Approach to Aromatherapy. This book contains brief descriptions of about 50 - 60 essential oils and while it does contain aromatherapy recipes for different conditions, they are not the 
An excellent history of the III SS-Panzer Korps. This book was an interesting read about the III SS-Panzer-Korps Germanisches .The book is rather terse and rather detailed which might bore 
Greatly Exceeded My Expectations. As a seasoned internet marketer with more than 5 years experience and an avid reader, I have to say I was completely blown away with the 
A practical look at the cross in the life of the believer. The Inward Journey is my favorite Gene Edwards book. It s simplicity and depth will arrest even the 
aggreed there is no OOA. OOA is some super magic that uml people found it for commercial reasons.As Mr.Hay mentions there is no OOA.there is only analysis of the bussiness.I 
delightful. In between writing what will be a multi-book series Steven Hayward took a break and dashed of this delightful little book. At first it may seem that Reagan and 
Great Reference. This is one of my 3 main sewing references. All 3 by Betzina! The other two are Power Sewing and Fast Fit. I learned to sew when I 
A book that really makes you think... This splendidly written book captivates the reader with compassion for the main character as he stumbles through the mistakes and beauty he has 
No more heart burns. I was a sort of testing laboratory for many doctors for a reasonably good period of time and wasted a lot money and time. Dr Rogers 
Good history, but buy Rheingold s book. This book makes a nice thorough reference of the history of computing post 1945, and is great for use on a course. However 
A Timeless Classic. Finally, after a long train ride you reach your beautiful new home. You have been long waiting to go to a new family, be embraced and loved, 
brilliant and scathing and right. one doesn t want to admit it, but trow is dead-on in this book. these aren t observations that are new in any way, but 
heartwarming message for all ages... This story has a delightful message about the power we have to influence others, even if that influence is out of our awareness. Always a 
Breathtaking action and true love and anti-love mixed with extraordinarily long, dry sections. Hugo s classic is the ultimate un-love story. It presents at least three central characters brimming with 
Margaret Coel shows true spirit. Margaret Coel s latest installment in her Father John O Malley mysteries will entice fans of mysteries and Indian lore. As in her previous entries, 
All Time Favorite. Grandparents - Here is the perfect gift - a funny beautifully illustrated book about a goat, his strange eating habits, and his worried parents. I have read 
The Old Boys. The term `Best and Brightest is usually used, somewhat sarcastically, to refer to the policy makers in the Kennedy and Johnson administrations, those initially involved with the 
AWESOME RESOURCE FOR TEACHERS!!!. This book is something that all teachers should invest in. It is such a wonderful book. It s full of great lessons that integrate writing, history, 
Quiet Brilliance. Elizabeth Gaskell is often referred to as the forgotten classic author and Ruth is a prime introduction into this obviously complex and passionate woman. Ruth is a truly 
Brilliant .. expert storytelling. If you read or saw A Beautiful Mind and think there was drama in John Nash s creative madness, wait until you plunge into the work 
Mastering Yang Style Tajiquan. This is one of the best instructional translation of Tajiquan book.Mr.Louis Swaim has done an excellent job of translating,compiling and giving his commentary.His commentary also reflects 
Best Graniteware Book You ll Find. A teriffic book. Clear and well organized. My only warning to you is, don t expect to get the prices the book suggests. I 
An Encouraging Book. I am the worst artist in the world. I m sure there are some who would contest that claim, but if you were to ask me to 
This book has an unimpeachable reputation at Lomonosov MSU. Should you be a true chemist whatever specialization , get the Carey&amp;Sundberg s book! It features high degree of perspicuity, and 
Great upper body workouts. I have read all of Brad Schoenfeld s books and think he is one of the best fitness authors around. He explains things in a very 
A profound program that s easy to understand. Dr. Luciani has written an amazing program that enables the reader to create the life they want.It is written in a fashion 
If you like Spider-Man, you MUST purchase this!. Marvel Masterworks: The Amazing Spider-Man.INTRODUCTION:Circa 1962, comic book artist Stan Lee s publication Amazing Fantasy was not selling as well as he 
Compelling. I enjoyed this book a lot. I found myself interested in the main character, the L.A. community which is an integral character in the story and the well-written supporting 
a fair and brief biography. I am only an undergrad student, so I admit I m not all that well read. A wealth of literature has been published on Jefferson. 
Absolutely loved it. While the title may be lacking, the book is definitely a must read for anyone who gets paid based upon results, but has ever experienced getting shafted 
Good read, great lessons. Donald Miller has a way of connecting with his readers, even if they cannot fully relate to the subject. As you can see through other reviews, 
Jaw-droppingly good fiction, in my top 5!. If Melville had decided to channel the spirits of the Marquis de Sade and Elizabeth Bathory and then set out to write the 
Fantastic!. Intelligent and provocative story which offers insights into people s motives and behaviour. The cast of characters is interesting, and the writing including changes in voice was quite good. 
Brooke. If you read one you ll want to read the all serie. It s just a great mystery nove  
A seminal force in semiotics Beaudrillard s first book rocks. If you re academically inclined and into semiotics, this book should be part of your library. Any designer of systems, 
Man Thinketh. The concepts are not new and hardly new-age. There are no new ideas in this book, Mr Allan was just the first to present them is all. James 
Hopkins-Rainey transgressions. Speaking as an informed participant in UFO studies, I find this book highly remarkable in many respects. Most importantly of all, it confronts the hardcore data of UFO 
Great little reference!. This is a wonderful little reference book of architectural data, something like what you would imagine Graphic Standards would be if you reduced it to its most 
Exceptional Value ... Highly Recommended. A true how-to book that provides exceptional value for those who have to create and implement a strategic plan. Highly recommended  
Valuable study aid. This volume is a useful aid when wanting to compare the four translations of the Bible covered in this edition. The material is presented on the page 
An Aryan and Jew become friends. This book is not your usual book. It details the lives of Ayran Alfons Heck and Jewish Helen Waterford.Alfons was a member of the 
Life Affirming. I loved everything about A Three Dog Life. Thomas is an incredibly brave woman who I don t believe realizes the extent of her own inner strength. She 
Very cool concept that needs a follow up book. I agree that this is not Koontz s best story but it is a very good one. I love the themes 
Dynamic Growth Strategy. This book provides an excellent framework for a company to understand industry forces and to position itself to grow. The authors describe their theory of growth through 
Loved This Book!. My son and I first came across this book at the library when he was 2. He loved it! Then we didn t read it for over 
L A Rex. Suprisinly good. Was not familiar with the author.Good pacing, characters well develpoped. Lots of gritty action  
Is He or Isn t He a good read? Yes! . If you re cute and the new guy at school, watch out for Anthony and Paige.These 17-year-old bestfriends at 
A must read for Fundamental Investors. Philip Fisher s thoughts and experience are invaluable and timeless. Not as boring to read as the intelligent investors though both are equally important 
More Recipes then Ever on Indian Cooking - Review by Elizabeth and Jameson Thottam. This is a great book to have as a reference tool for Indian cooking. Myself and 
Worthy successor to Three Junes. This is a beautifully written novel with compelling characters who grapple with love and the pain they inflict on each other, set in the time 
Excellent Item. I loved the calendar that I received. It came quickly as well. I will definitely consider buying more in the future  
Priceless! Hysterical and so worth reading!. I am a homeschool mother of two and in my late twenties. This book is HILARIOUS! If only there were more out there like 
A remarkable tool. The authors provide a great model for understanding and diagnosing organizations. Their cultural quandrant methodology also provides a common language for people within an organization to talk 
Fantastic read for all leaders. This book should be required reading for all current and new leaders in all industries. The messages included about quality translate well regardless of your 
A good read for any free thinker. This is a useful and informative read for anyone with an open mind who is willing to possibly rethink some of their erroneous 
I hand out copies all the time. This and its companion &quot;The Mac is not a Typewriter&quot; are so important to everyone who writes a letter, types an e-mail, designs 
Critial ideas in a branded world. I really like this book! It s easy to read and breaks new ground. And it s the type of book that once you 
For the serious student. This book is good because of two reasons: It gives you a lot of authentic and traditional recipes and shows you how to use them. Joe 
Hugsy Goode. As the story unfolds in twentieth century Brooklyn, 2 kids look for something to do. Nicholas and Timmy have re-named them selves Copin and Tornid. As a teacher 
The second summer of the Sisterhood. The Second Summer of the SisterhoodAnne BrasharesDelacortes PressWould you like to know about what four different girls did over the summer? If you do, 
Amazing. There are some books that just stay with you...this is one of them. A great story!!  
A work of art! A spiritual and passionate tale. I love Jane Eyre for so many reasons. The character of Jane is so amazing: so quiet and humble and patient, 
Longing for an ending, but loving every minute of it!. There are a few things I want to say about this novel. Firstly, it is a brilliant piece of literature 
advanced methods. The depth of treatment in this book is more sophisticated than many graphics texts. You should already have a good exposure to computer graphics, at a level of 
A surreal tale of an old woman, yet not this at all. Perhaps known to more as an artist, Leonora Carrington alsohappens to be a superb writer. Few adult novels 
obctive and accurate. I am surprised that there are not more customer reviews. Much of the material about church life style is rather out of date since the book was 
Master and Man. Andelman writes with an excited glee that bounces the story along in hoops and bounds, from one heroic moment to another. After awhile I forgot I was 
An Excellent Guide. I don t have Twilight Princess, but you gotta prepare, ya know? Anyway,this is a great guide. It will tell you EVERYTHING about the game. There is 
A recommended read but has some weaknesses... In this accessible, provocative, and thought provoking text Andy Clark argues nothing less than what the title suggests: Human nature is predisposed and 
Great Strength Gains using Power To The People. I have made great strength by using the methods described in Power To The People PTP .I came across PTP author, Pavel, 
The magic continues. A reviewer above said these books [Burning City and Burning Tower] appeal only to hardcore Pournelle & Niven readers, and added that even they should only buy 
The Thinker s Thesaurus. Fun to reference but some of the alternate words are more flamboyant or erudite than useful  
Betcha can t make just one!. This book has more awesome recipes than you can imagine. They say you only really use about 10 of each cookbook on average and 
you can t call yourself a phan untill you ve read this. A definite must-have for any phan, this book is loaded with information and beautiful pictures of the journey 
A Classic on Piracy of all Times, and in the Seven Seas... &quot;The Pirates Own Book&quot; is written in old, Nineteenth Century English, which provides the reader with an archaic 
Awesome book!. This is an awesome book if you re into Gibson or classic cyberpunk science fiction. The author likes to jump around a lot, so it may be confusing 
Make Peace with Anyone :Breakthrough Strategies to Quickly End Any Conflict, Feud, or Estrangement. This is an excellent book. It really is helpful as far as solving disagreements between people. 
Wonderful Writing Wolff. Tobias Wolff writes a wonderful memoir about his experiences in Vietnam. His poignant writing and storytelling makes the pages in this book flow like a steady stream. 
Brilliant, lucid and concise. I found this guide to the Yoga Sutra to be highly coherent, logical and easy to follow. The author s commentary rings true with my own 
BUY THIS BOOK!. I am in love with this book. Instead of telling me what a slob I am or that I should just toss all clutter, the authors understand 
Loved it!. This was a great idea book. Get this book before your baby even arrives to help give you pointers on what to take pictures of and things to 
Another great book!. Neale has done it again.... with the help of GOD and all of the wonderful people who sent their stories in! He takes the stories and shows 
best backpacking book available. I have tried numerous backpacking books and this is the best one. It has a lot of information and should help you get started in backpacking 
Among the Best. I have a large collection of pizza books, but this is one of the finest. Besides the colorful illustrations, the author provides solid information on making pizza. 
super shawls. Chock full of one beautiful design after another, this book and its presentation make it difficult to decide which shawl to try first. The patterns are inventive but 
dada contra futurism fascism. Does anyone recall that EVOLA, beloved charlatan of Traditionalists, signed the orig. DADA Manifesto?E. Varse, Tr. Tzara, Ph. Soupault,Soubeyran, J. Rigaut, G. Ribe-mont-Dessaignes, M. Ray, F. 
A Must Read!!!. Communication and caring compassion is the key to teaching. Hendricks uses the acronym, TEACHER, to relate his concepts. The examples of teacher-student interaction shared in his book 
Warning. I bought this edition of the unforgettable classic by Jos Hernandez meaning, the one by iUniverse, ISBN 1-58348-811-1 misled by the review below that recommends it as including both, 
Dare to Win. I gave this as a gift and my brother is enjoying the gift  
The Conservationist Bible. This book should be part of every persons education and incorporated into cirriculums everywhere  
something to think about. I am planning a root cellar, and this book was a big assist. I am a little farther south, and so it had a lot of 
 Blue is much better than Borrowed !. I was one of the few that disliked Something Borrowed mainly because I didn t like Rachel and Dex . I read 
Grafton is for Great. This is the second book in the series. If you have an afternoon to spend with a good book- this is it! Reading about Kinsey is 
best reference for natural medicine. I first began natural medicine survey with this book and after reading many its still the best of all.It looks like a medical textbook full 
The Plot Artist. This book is chronologically the first in the Gabriel Allon series.Chronological Order:1. The Kill Artist2. The English Assassin3. The Confessor4. Death in Venice5. Prince of Fire6. The 
A book about life, death, and war. All Quiet on the Western Front is a book about a soldier named Paul and his company, and their trials, adventures, and lessons 
A polished, yet gritty, suspense thriller. Hank and Jacob are brothers; somewhat estranged, yes, but bound by blood and an oath they made to visit their father s grave every 
Factual and not sensationalistic. I thought this was an excellent book on a very controversial group in history. I think the book stuck well to factual accounts of the Templars. 
Deus Vult. Very informative presentation which seeks to unmask Islam and to show that radical Islam and Islam are the same.The moderate muslims are the heretic  
Still entertaining, still educational. I read and reviewed HC1 in Nov 01, and HC2 in Jan 03. Now in Aug 06, I m happy to be reading Hacker s Challenge 
An Excellent Book. This book deftly combines theory and practice. If you are a finance student intersted in M&A this is THE BOOK  
It s an OUTSTANDING BOOK!!!!!!!!!!. My second grade teach has this book and I really like it. It s my favorite poetry book I ve read so far and now 
I felt like I was reading a journal. It was so good that I had to keep reminding myself that it was a novel and not real. I could have 
great book. Being a long term successful trader is about developing and then executing a disciplined plan. This book helped me use my market knowledge and experience to build a 
Eh, ok. i d say this is a good book, set up well, organized, lots of good information, went well into ancient forms of divination, i would have liked to 
Not a review. What does Epipleptic mean? When i try and look it up I keep finding th edefinition for epileptic. I feel like i m missing something obvious.  
This early work is a fine example of Hemingway s incomparable style. The Sun Also Rises is one of the very early works of Ernest Hemingway and it reflects Hemingway 
The book used to make me cry!. I wept the first time I read this to my infant daughter. Now she s a toddler and we read it together several 
A Missionary Must-Read!! Helpful for all Christians. Eternity in their hearts gave me insights into my own Bible and answered questions I dared not ask in college for fear of 
Strong, Cohesive Collection of Stories. Larry Niven really delivers with this strong collection of short stories, all of which are set at the Draco Tavern - a bar owned and 
Review of Thinking in C Vol 1. Intially I liked the book very much, it seemed to have a fresh approach and style, was easy to read, and seemed trustworthy 
Valentine Legacy. Wonderful, I think I ve re-read atleast 3 times  
Eve and Roarke ride again.. The first night out at the theatre for Lieutenant Eve Dallas brings it all home to familiar territory. A murder mystery by Agatha Christie has 
Charlie Eggleston cries out in the book The Skull of Truth. Charlie Eggleston cries out in the book The Skull of Truth! Hold on to your skull !When Charlie Eggleston 
A far-futuristic symphony of ideas. Calling Robinson a stream-of-consciousness author may be unkind, thanks to the label s attachments... let s rather peg KSR as a stream-of-ideas craftsman.Those that made 
One of the better books in the series. The third book in the series, Nicolae, continues the character driven second book, Trib Force, and brings back the action; and Nicolae 
Both DeSmet And Laura Are Growing Up. What shocks me in retrospect is how young Laura Ingalls was when she was given so much responsibility. As this novel of life 
Manipulative Techniques that Are Only Part of the Equation. Leil Lowndes unveils lots of hidden factors that may ignite the love fire from eye contacts, body language of first approaches 
LIFE CHANGING. This book has had a personal life changing effect on me. It has helped me to identify the irregular people in my own life as well as helped 
Great book to read with a young baseball fan. This series in general, and the Jeter book in particular, are great for a 5-10 year old sports nut. I read 
Another Phan s Point of View. Again, Mr Bergman has produced a pleasing book. His drawings are bold and detailed. Yes, he does stay closer to LeRoux than to Kay, 
All That Remains. This tape leaves you spell bound right from the start. Its awesome and a must read for anyone who loves mysteries  
excellent for postcolonial classes. This is an excellent book. i use it in my postcolonial classes in college as a way of introducing colonialist discourse and the way women are 
A Great Read. This is a wonderful book. I was captured in the first sentence. I didn t want it to end  
Excellent portrayal of a Mexican-American wedding!. Although this book is based on a Mexican-American wedding, the theme is universal. A child narrates the book, telling about the events that take 
Note to Do-It-Yourselfers . Let s get something straight right off the bat about this manual, it s the Factory Repair Manual, originally intended for mechanics at the dealership. It 
A great pleasure to read. I thoroughly enjoyed Errors and Omissions. Goldstein aims high - to write a thriller that is intellectually compelling, full of suspense, engaging at multiple levels, 
Larry Elder presents a very interesting view of politics. This book is a follow up to the excellent The Ten Things You Can t Say in America . The topic 
NCMom. This book explained so much! Growing up with foster parents and no consistent parenting has made life confusing. Its been interesting to read that any adult, even the adults 
Despite a glut of leadership books, this one is excellent. Books on leadership are a dime a dozen these days, and often they start blending together. However, John Maxwell has 
A fun book. I had to read this for a class and I have to say I actually enjoyed it. We watched the Anime first, which to my suprise I 
As Good a First Novel as First Novels Get. This first novel by one of modern America s prose-writing treasures is set in a part of California no one associates 
A decidedly mixed review. This is an important, thoughtful, well-written book that I didn t really like very much. On the one hand, it analyzes the current political economic situation 
On my Top-10-Ever list. Frankly, and without embellishment, one of the most sincere and important books I ve ever read. I was desperate for an entertaining and accessible-yet-astute account of 
An excellent introduction. There isn t a single area of Psychology that elicits as much contention as the area of psychometrics. To a certain degree this is understandable, since no 
Real Investing Advice. No Really, They re Not Kidding . When I saw the cover of this book, with Ben Stein and his co-author lounging by the pool, bags of 
Phenomenal Book. The Think & Grow Rich Action Pack is a phenomenal book that will help you to reach your maximum potential, achieve your goals, build your character and develop 
Lincoln the Eloquent President. Wonderful analysis of this remarkable and sensitive wordsmith and President  
Great gift for Texas Hold Em fans. This book was written before no limit Texas Hold Em became the rage everywhere. The author does a good job of explaining the 
10 Conversations you need to have with your children. I am a high school teacher, and in my opinion this makes a wonderful gift, particularly for parents of pre-teens and 
Fresh and original. There are a lot of how to open a restaurant books around, most of them rehashing the same material. This one is fresh and different, based on 
Greater than the sum of its parts. This book is comprised of several short stories, which, like the title characters themselves, often seem like little more than sketches. Although I 
innacurate research?. As one of the authors of Hostile Waters, I skim through now and again to read comments left by readers. I was very surprised to see D. Epstein 
A wide-ranging survey of popular cultural icons and their underlying values systems. Tom and Matt Morris Superheroes And Philosophy: Truth, Justice, And The Socratic Way super-hero figures are more popular 
Sleeping Beauty as you ve never seen her. Robin McKinley s version of Sleeping Beauty is an enchanting book most of the way through. It contains vivid descriptions and an 
Good little book. Reading the reviews, I noticed that Dr. Trinidad gives the novel one star using words like porely, obsure, innanities, and segways. Okay, Pynchon doesn t appeal to 
Quintessential Dickens - satire, comedy, social commentary!. Fresh from his success on Oliver Twist as a political satirist of note, Dickens turns his sights toward the abuse of Yorkshire schools 
A &quot;Must Read&quot; for Those Concerned about Urban Poverty. Rusk s book roots out the causes of concentrated urban poverty, proposes solutions, and provides examples of success stories. Rusk convincingly 
Devils hate it. I was terrified when I heard this sermon. I m highly recommended this to everyone, especially to those who is thinking they have plans to avoid final 
Great Photorapher at his Best!!!!!. I am the owner of 5 Misrach books,if you only by one, CHRONOLOGIES is the best.High quality printed,you ll estimate the value of Misrach s 
Fascinating. This is a most interesting book. I am 75 years old and grew up in Los Angeles, visiting Chinatown many times, and knew nothing of the people who lived 
Fastest shipping ever. Book in great like new condition. Fastest shipping ever. Book in great like new condition  
Great Real Estate book, good Stock book. If you are looking to understand the real estate market, this book is fantastic.If you want to learn about mean reversion, this book 
Communicate!. Author Jordan Paul was my therapist years ago. From him I learned that communication is the way to achieve peace of any kind. That means talking AND listening. This 
Great for undergraduate and graduate students. I used this book when I was doing my undergraduate studies and it showed to be very helpful. This book develops the power systems 
This is a good book to add the your art collection library. It shows you how to draw from the inside out. The artist does not believe in starting the 
Amazing results!. I have bought an extra 6 books and have given them all away to very happy friends relatives! Each one has read and also shares the book with 
Childhood Favorite. I read this book for the first time when I was 9 years old. It absolutely changed my life because it introduced me to the beauty of losing 
Excellent book, but not for a novice. Previous reviews hit this book on the head. If you are a novice gardener with little horticultural with botanical background or experience, you 
Wonderful Nightly Reading!. I enjoyed this book but if you are a person that doesn t like John Gray then don t waste any of our time reading this book 
Teaching Doctors. I am a general internist and public health physician by training and work in a busy county hospital emergency department. Dr. Young s book is one of the 
Truly Inspiring. This book really inspired me to write. See I was in the middle of writing my novel when I started to have writer s block. I didn t 
Couldn t put it down. I read the original hardback before it was out of print and now that it is in paperback I will be reading it again. One 
One of the Great Programming Books. I ve used several programming books to teach me languages. First it was the Learning Perl and Programming Perl books from O Reilly. Then 
An easy way to start. Ms. Lindsay can really explain the basic &quot;how to&quot; in a simple easy to understand manner. At the same time she helps you really enjoy 
Could be called - Addition to Think and Grow Rich . The author calls this unlimited power from within your Inner CEO .This is the same things as your inner 
Right On The Money!!!!!!. This book was written by a woman that has lived the experience that she writes about. This book is worth it s weight in gold. Please 
DARK AND DRAMATIC- BOTH THE STORY AND THE READING. Dramatic, dark, disturbing - all describe this tale by Pen Faulkner Award winner Sabina Murray. Stage, television, and film actress Wendy 
Justice, Injustice, Legal Shenanigans and Lying Lawyers. Professor Dershowitz claims that he has read the original trial transcripts of more criminal cases than anyone else. That s entirely possible because 
Bridging the Gap between Economic and Political Theory. I read this book in the 1970 s when I studied Political Science in Jerusalem. The Author bridges the gap between Economic 
Women Who Try Too Hard. A life-changing book - I would recommend it for anyone who feels they try too hard to please and do not receive the positive feedback 
Classic Welsh. In the tradiotion of Trainspotting, Porno, Filth, and Glue; The Bedroom Secrets is an amazing novel that will trap you between its covers until the ride is over, 
an improvement on an already perfected methodology. This is the better mousetrap. In this last book by Ken Keyes, finished just before he died, Ken introduces EMDR, Harville Hendrix, Ron 
It has changed our lives. We as a group give Burro Genius five stars. The book was based on a true story and it describes the type of discrimination that 
Imagination in action... How about photographing what your mind sees? That s the journey Lachapelle takes us in every picture. Lachapelle, along with a couple of other great photographers, is 
Excellent starting point. This book features high-quality, full-color pictures that will help you identify features that you are looking for in your log home. It also includes a introductory overview 
Variety and diversity of ideas. Impressive to find in one book so many different, easy to make and fun to do, ideas. My children had fun making the painted shirts. 
Buy this if you are already skilled and want an edge. I bought this book as a novice thoroughbred better, and no one in my casual group of horserace friends 
A Balanced And Reasoned Response. This book provides an incredible insight to the issue of UFOs and a Christian s response. It gives a fair analysis of all the relevant 
Rage. I felt that Johnathan Kellerman continued his amazing string of successes with this novel. The twists and turns will keep you on your toes and up all night reading...... 
Tuscan - Californian class!. The Lagoni Bassenian team knows how to put together unique Tuscan design with a domestic flair. I have purchased most of the other Tuscan design books 
The best book i have ever read!!!!. This book was incredible!!! It pulled me in to the romantic world of christy and todd and left me feeling warm and happy. 
An Excellent Contribution. I ve enjoyed Paddywhacked tremendously. This is the only book which chronicles the history of Irish-American organized crime from about 1840 to the present. It s a 
I couldn t put it down! A woman running her orange grove.... This is a smart woman who runs her own orange grove in the 40s and 50s in central 
Koontz At His Best. This is Koontz at his best. Everything comes together in this book; the story, the characters, the thrills and the chills. An ordinary man is forced 
Martin Taragano s Basketball Book Reviews. After pouring over Pro Basketball Prospectus last winter, this volume has become as popular on my bookshelf as any in my sports library. The 
It s All There In Black and White!. What fact isn t missing! Charles Alexander pinpoints the essential Ty Cobb. The research involved must have been painstaking, but thorough. I 
Rich and insightful portrayal of the colonization of a planet. This is a complex, thoughtful and thought-provoking book. The science what I can judge of it is relatively plausible, and 
Outragously funny!. I ve read all of Steve s books, and this one deserves 5 stars for humor and insight into the Mysterious Order of the Goomba. Definately one of 
It Looked Like Spilt Milk. This is a wonderful book that helps children explore the idea that clouds can look like anything; all it takes is an imagination. This book 
Good. The book goes over the same success principles as in other books. It is easy to read and uses many examples from his life. It is worth reading  
Both a compelling story that explores human nature and a thought-provoking social satire. A Clockwork Orange by Anthony Burgess takes place in a dark depiction of the near-future in which 
An engaging tale... Like a great crime drama, &quot;Ponzi&quot; takes you down the amazing road of a simple huckster, and how close he came to making it big. I knocked 
So cool!. I loved this book. Simon comes up to London and from the start, people are trying to get rid of him for reasons unknown to him. Dido Twite 
Another side of the coin. I think people who do not rate this book very highly may be missing the point. To me it is an incredible story of how 
precise and focused. Master Adam Hsu has proven himself to be a master not only of the Chinese martial arts but of clearly projecting their essence through his writings. Sifu 
Kings, Pepper and the Turks: a Time of Transition. This is one of the essential books that bring a solid perspective on what is the reality of history, not what 
Image on the cover has to go, Covers works by Garis, Pister, Brooks, Inoue, Hirose, Furusho, Schaal. Hugo de Garis Artifical Brain Books: Artificial Brains, Artilect war, Evolution of Neural 
A concise text for the student of International Relations!. The field of International Relations is vast and ever changing. This text by Drs. Baylis and Smith is clearly written, smartly 
Play ball!. If you re a fan of the game, you will enjoy reading this book. Big Jim lets us into his clubhouse and read about the pranksters, the good 
Presentation of Deep Commitment. Joyce has given this book her all, and one can feel it. Her dedication is noble and apparent, as she shares her many stories and info. 
Beautiful, Inspiring, and Informative. This is a wonderful book. The kirlian photography is great. The flow of the words is simple and direct. I was inspired to eat some of 
PINK-A-BOO!!. I bought this book for my daughter when she was two because of herlove for pink. For over a year now, this is her first choice inbedtime stories. She 
Book of Pride. I enjoyed this book so much. Coincidently I finished it just before seeing a ceremony in honor of Roberto Clemente with his widow Vera present at the 
Great story, great price. A Tale of Two Cities is one of Charles Dickens greatest and darkest novels. Set in the final quarter of the 18th century, Dickens presents to 
Just as tasty as the first two. I LOVED this book. It was better than the first two. Could hardly put it down. Carl gets more and more clever with 
AMERICAN MASTER. This is a wonderful book on America s greatest living painter. I have alway loved Andrew Wyeth s art, it so singular to him, totally unique. You can 
USE CAUTION IN PUBLIC!!!. What a great book! Full of laughs! Not just the lip curls up, slight smile you get when you read most books. This book provides many 
Delicious and easy. The food is delicious, and the recipes are so easy to follow that even my boyfriend feels confident cooking with them.  
Best of Best. I think it s the best book I ever saw on the subject. It will be useful to amateurs and specialists. It is critical, complete, and honest. 
Makes you think twice about wasting water. Our lives today are easy beyond compare to the lives the desert nomads lived, the Africans who enslaved the crew of the wrecked 
Economically Exciting. I read this book several months ago for a critical essay assignment for one of my college econ. classes. Normally when I read books for reports, essays, or 
A masterpice of short stories. ANGST. This is the best word to describe the human landscape that Rulfo has portrayed in this collection of short stories. A lanscape of extreme 
Very complete... but very complex. A excellent and serious book about self initiation in the Golden Dawn magic system. But it s very complex too. This big book will teach 
if you are reading this, you should buy the book. For those of us who enjoyed Judge Posner s Public Intellectuals or Law & Literature, this very little book fits 
A Great Cultural Historical Analysis. This is an incredibly rich and well thought out book on an often neglected area of American History. Sanchez assumes a strong background in Historical 
A fun cat mystery. When Felicity Pride, author of cat mysteries, finds a dead man and a live cat in her vestibule, she decides to emulate the protagonist in her 
Mandatory reading. This book should be mandatory study for everyone above the teen years. I have spent 3 years reviewing the principles off and on, and it has significantly changed 
Comentary on Understanding and Racism. Having lived in Brooklyn during the riots as well as the afterward subsequent search for meaning among those immediately involved, I find Smith s work 
Indispensable guide!. This is recommendable guide for all those who assumed the commitment to know about the Cinema considered as an artistic discipline. Plenty of abundant information about the well 
Cutting Through the Clutter. To gain the attention of consumers, marketers must cut through the clutter. According to Seth Godin, author of the book Permission Marketing , the average consumer 
Essential Dickens. Great fun. Dickens first novel, the first mass-market best seller in world history coming on the heels of the invention of cheap paper . Essential reading for Victorian 
Not what I expected. I enjoyed this book because of its wide-ranging subjects...the way he related baseball to Paris to philosophy to food to Easter Island to...etc. I thought his 
Extremely lucid account of a difficult subject. The author has a profound understanding of physics which is clearly reflected in his writings. With only small amount of math, this book 
Another excellent examination of Victorian morality. The newly married Mr. Mrs. Monk become embroiled in a nicely complex mystery, steeped in Victorian morality. a missing bride-to-be, a nurse taking her 
Not just a cookbook. The Little House cookbook is more than a collection of recipes. It s full of historical food tidbits. Each recipe if prefaced with an exerpt from 
Really Enjoyed The Twist On The Old... ... and the fesh take each author brought to familiar tales. Definite appeal for the right age group--perhaps eleven and up--and probably more 
Thank God For Peretti... As a Christian, I have always done my best to veer away from much of the Christian fiction that s out... and I ve done this 
Imagine... An eerie photo of John Lennon signing an autograph in a book, as Mark David Chapman looks on just hours before he would shoot our beloved John dead, is 
becoming obvious. If you dislike modern society, read this book to find out why.You ll also learn that there are millions who think similarly. You ll read about the three 
Vital for Historical Understanding. Written originally in 1903 both as a gift to African Americans and a gift from an African American, The Souls of Black Folk describes through one 
A Christmas Carol w Patrick Stewart. I absolutely love this recording. Mr Stewart has such a distinctive voice and carries all the characters so well. I listened to this at 
Probably the Best of AAGBPL Books. While Lois Browne s The Girls Of Summer is perhaps the most complete history of the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League, this book is 
where the cow is. I haven t yet finished this book, but I like it very much so far. It s a succinct, clear discussion of the essence of Buddhism, 
Un magnfico libro sobre la mitologa griega. Este libro puede utilizarse tanto para consulta como para lectura, pues est redactado de una forma muy asequible y cubre toda la mitologa, 
Excellent Instruction for Insight Meditation. Insight Mindfulness Meditation - the Vipassana Meditation of Theravada Buddhism - can change your life whether you are Buddhist or not, and this is one 
Amusing & useful. I love reading her books, they re so entertaining. I bought this one a couple of weeks ago, along with the Baby Bargains book and Consumer Reports 
The Ragtime Era Comes Alive with Pain, Drama, and Hope. A powerful evocation of the pre-World War I period in America. Doctorow painfully dramatizes as well as personalizes the social 
 Your girlfriend s ugly,your wife s a bitch,and your dog can t hunt. . I love political satire and humor,both left and right wing.I can t believe it;but this 
The Winner. Jackie Tortorella expressed my thoughts accurately. However, I would add this: Although this book could be termed a page turner , I recommend that the reader take his 
teaching family comes first. This book has taught me to give an extra smile to my three beautiful children. I am astonished and deeply moved by Neely and Vita Tucker 
breastfeeding dolphins!. This is a beautiful book, and very pro breastfeeding!It is a beginner reader level 3 , but it is a lovely story to read to a smaller child 
For a wide range of ages. I m not a child psychologist, but I believe one of the best things about this book is that it has something for children 
On the way to Soul. First and foremost, James Hillman is a &quot;Champion of Soul,&quot; responding appropriately to the everlasting question: &quot;What is a man profited if he gain the 
I ve been looking for this!. I stay on the lookout for the Boys guides, you know, those old books dealing with science and technology a hundred years old, perhaps, 
Hell in a Handbasket. essential reading for the open thinker.cartoons are like folk music, non-frontal assault on attitudes.people, this the commons , support this guy or he ll do something 
Ms. Stein fires large dusty electronics daily, how satisfying. Looking for plot, conflict and character developement? Then move on, this is Gertrude s free-flowing automatic writing.Ms. Stein is crucial reading 
Absolute distraction. Whilst researching for a university assignment I came across this brilliant piece of distraction.For the record, I chose to cop the late penalty for the assignment  
A Good One-Volume Illustrated Edition. I ll begin with the edition and will follow with the actual story. There s nothing to be reproached to this edition: the paper is 
A BOOK THAT DEFIES GRAVITY!. This is one one of the few but great books on my bedside table. Ever since a sentimental favorite book of mine. Eversince taking up 
Once you start you can t put it down. This is the first erotica book I ve read and I could not put it down after page one. I could 
Couldn t put it down - a fast read, yet powerful. This book changes lives...mine included. It makes one look at forgiveness and the atonement from a totally different angle...that 
Too much of a good thing. Normally hot and slow sound like a good combination but not necessarily so this time. Hamilton as always excels at amazing creativy and storylines, 
Real characters living in a real world. Those who have found John O Hara through Appointment in Samarra and simply felt in love with his work -- just like me 
After contemplating this book for almost 2 years. I need to amend my original review and add that this book has changed the way I see everything. In my humble 
Sail Voyage Planing. It s a book that is a must have for any voyage. I wish the author would have included more maps but still a have to have 
Don t buy used and new from e-campus.com. I like the book, its cute and weird, but I lost mine when I had it with me dining at the mall 
BEAUTIFULLY WRITTEN AND ENGROSSING. There are similarities between Fitch s earlier WHITE OLEANDER and PAINT IT BLACK, which strike me. Both are about a young woman whose life is overshadowed 
Excellent Start. This text is comprehensive in scope. It presents educational theories whose understanding is imperative in today s classroom.It is an excellent beginning for the student who plans to 
Excellent Rehab Book. This book is an excellent resource for any Certified Athletic Trainer, experienced or entry-level. Several rehab protocols are outlined for many common injuries seen in athletics as 
Helpful for me!. This book lists sources of funding or assistance for both profit and non-profit organizations. Naturally, most of these funds are allocated to community development, social issues, conservation 
What a great book. When I received this book I thought I am in waaaay over my head . However, I read the book from front to back minus some 
204 Rosewood Lane. I like her books, they read easy and have good plots but for this one and the subsequent books, even 16 Lighthouse Point, I get tired of 
the definitive reference. As a journalist covering cold fusion, I turned again and again to this book to check or confirm facts, data, dates, chronologies, and other details and have 
The Drug Addled Memories Of Elvis Yes Men . This book was ghost written by Steve Dunleavy and one then has to begin to wonder about the Literacy Level of 
Perfect bio of this ice-queen fashionista. This book is ah-mazing. It gives you all the details on mostly everything you ever wanted to know about Anna Wintour. This book will 
Wow! I love Atkinson s writing. I had read Case Histories and could not WAIT to get another book by Kate Atkinson. I was not disappointed. But don t take 
I love Dean Koontz but.... I must say this is not one of my favorites. With most of Koontz s books they grab ahold of you and don t let 
River Thunder. River Thunder is a very good and exciting book. The book takes place on the Colorado River for 14 days. A group of friends met at the river 
Hard-core book on the physics of musical instruments. This is a one-of-a-kind book on the physics of musical instruments. However, be aware that it is a book about physics ONLY. 
&quot;Every School Leader should Read this Book!&quot;. This books is full of inspiration, information, and hope. I am so blessed to have come across this book in the early stages 
Love the Book Fundamentals of Metalsmithing. Thank you for this amazing book! This book was recommended to me by a friend who does metal work jewelry and she told me 
Useful for a newcomer to the clinical trial environment. As a clinical trials computer programmer, I m not the primary target audience for this book. However, as an experienced programming 
bottom line - it works. I first stumbled across this book over 12 years ago when negotiating my first job out of college, and negotiated a 20 increase over their 
Excellent addition to Eclips-o-phile s bookshelf. Even if you have other eclipse books at home, TOTALITY provides fresh information about this fascinating phenomenon. This book describes in clear language what 
an information rich series. regarding charges of political bias, i agree ... but i prefer these biases unavoidable, really to be out in the open rather than concealed behind a 
True, Fascinating Story. Every boy dreams about owning their own animal. Robert Peck s dream comes true when he receives a pig for helping a neighbor, but while growing up 
Wanted!. This story is extremely great,I would definitely rate it 5 stars because this book is very interesting.In this story there is this young girl name Alice, Her father was 
Imaginative and observant. This is the story of an Indian merchant s triumphs and failures, both business and personal, in a river port town in an unnamed African country. It 
we re all afraid of violence and evil ~ so it s worth learning. about, becoming familiar with...knowledge IS power ~gavin de becker cracked the code on the dynamic of 
A valuable addition to the debate. This broadly accessible book is a valuable counterpart to Justice Scalia s also-excellent A Matter of Interpretation. Indeed, it may be even more important: 
Worth its weigh in Gold!. David has packed so many useful jewels of insite in this small book, it is mind boggling, almost every few pages I ve come across 
your headed in the right direction... This book is not for those who wish to continue living their monotonous and stressful lifestyles. This is meant to make you aware and 
Prinsoners Dilemma. There are four of them. Father, Mother and two sons. This is just one day in their lives. Although there is no way of knowing for sure, you 
Zellini Thoughtfully Distills the Wisdom of Philosophers, Theologians, and Mathematicians. A Brief History of Infinity is a serious, in depth study of man s evolving concept of infinity. Paolo Zellini 
A man its hard not to like. My father , of blessed memory had a great affection for Will Rogers. He always used to quote the famous , I never 
A Very Enjoyable Book!. I found this book delightful! I liked and identified with the main character, Isabel Dalhousie, especially as she sought to do the right thing even when 
Finally someone who really gets it . A second book by author Harvey Thompson that shows his mastery of the real meaning of customer value and loyalty. This book is 
Another Lencioni Masterpiece. Once again Mr. Lencioni takes his expertise in leadership applications and combines it with his story telling style and produces a real hands on book for CEO 
Brad Thor for President...since we can t get Jack Rutledge!. I know that I am about to stand on a soap box, but Takedown is the right book at the 
A &quot;Must-Have&quot; for a Florida Geologist. I had recently moved to Florida and did not know much about the Florida geology. This book was perfect as a comprehensive guide to 
Fills the Hillerman Niche. Other reviews have done a fine job describing the book; I ll just add these few thoughts after reading this, my first Anna Pigeon book. I 
Jury is out!. I need to lose weight, tried Atkins, ended up with high cholesterol. I also missed fruit...a lot. This one was recommended by several people who share the 
A Must for any Writer Considering the Self-Publishing Route. Dan Poynter s Self-Publishing Manual: How to Write, Print and Sell Your Own Book guides you through the entire self-publishing process 
Baseball and Inspiration. Nobody gets anything right the first time, except those kids you never really liked anyway. So most children will be able to relate to Bobby, and how 
A Surprisingly Human Portrait. My mom -- white bread, Communist-fearing, life-long Democrat -- has always had a soft spot for Nikita Khruschev. I just don t think he was that 
Agree or Disagree, But This Is a Great Presentation. Great Prophecies looks at four critical end-times topics from a viewpoint that is little discussed today, but which was the dominant 
It s not as scary today. Beware: The War of the Worlds is nothing like the movie with Tom Cruise; it s better. It s interesting to look back at 
The Thirty Years War. Although I bought a used copy, the book was in excellent condition  
A Great Book, Could Have Used a Little Editing. I really enjoyed this book, which fleshes out for the first time, based on significant new research, the numerous heroes and 
This really really works. Completely amazing little book. The author is wise, and spare in his words thank heavens . This truly works! The only negative is that he is 
Rough Guide worth while. This is the third Rough Guide I have bought to help me plan my trips. And as usual it offers very good guide to the best 
A Wonderful Book!. I first bought a book from an author named Sapphire, but it turned out to be useless and strangely written. It had high ratings that I now 
Red Thunder, Tropic Lightning - The Way It Was. This book is right on the mark and describes the experience of the 25th Division infantryman with candor and accuracy. I 
Untitled. I don t really have anything thoughtful to say exept that after reading this book multiple times, I think that it is tight, but breathes, and is choreographed as 
My 2 year old daughter LOVES this book!. Everytime we read this book about the airport, she notices something new. She points everything out to me and wants to read 
I m positive....this is a wonderful book. I want to take this opportunity to recommend to you Dr. Judith Orloff s book Positive Energy : 10 Extraordinary Prescriptions for Transforming 
excellent. This is a beautiful, colorful book that really draws your child in just because it looks so fun! I m so happy that they made a beginning guitar book 
I can not rate ANY sports book higher. As a frequent reader of sports books of all kinds, I am going out on a limb and say this is the 
On the Run. I always love Iris Johansens books be it a romance or mystery.  
So useful and weighs almost nothing. This is an excellent white coat pocketbook for any student, intern, or resident in medicine or undergoing a required medicine rotation. I found it 
I don t agree with a word he says, but Al Franken is a gifted writer. I ve read many political books - mostly conservative. Michael Savage, Sean Hannity, and 
Encyclopedic work of Gastronomy. This book covers literally everything from A-Z in theknown Gastronomic universe, and it s strength is in itscoverage of European cuisine esp Frech-centric foods andfood custome 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH. Finally a book I can relate to!!! I finished reading yesterday and already finding myself re-reading it!!! I put my scale away and continue to exercise but now do 
Straightforward, easy-to-read and information packed book. Author Dan Poynter has written over 100 books. Think he knows something about publishing? Not only has he written three digits worth of books, 
This book helped me deal with pain........ I have read several of the comments listed and as a personal comment this book helped me deal with the loss of my 
Well Done!. Anything written about the Underground Railroad is positive. It was, and remains, the most singular movement in our Nation s history where Americans decided, through a massive grass 
Some Real Truth. When I first read this book several years ago, I hated it. I saw no reality in the story of Delia Grinstead, a 40-year-old wife and mother 
Makes you want to climb a mountain!. Of all the war novels that I have read, this one seems the most implausible and yet realistic. The story involves an unusual 
An exceptional novel. This historical novel takes place roughly between the years 1898 and 1906. The novel is seen through the eyes of three characters: one who actually existed, William 
Here Lies the Librarian. This is a Christmas present. Haven t read it yet. However, the book looks intriguing  
Excellent, fast pasted, thriller. One of William Bernhardt s best. This one could be made into a movie  
Yummy Muffins!. Muffins are a favorite weekend staple in our household. Sometimes making a huge breakfast is not possible, and whipping up a batch of muffins is the way to 
This is a very thorough reference book. I am a wedding consultant and I use this book to address all types of etiquette issues. No consultant -- or bride -- 
Accessible scholarly book on important new social phenomenon. This book is a fun read; I enjoyed it very much. It s a well written, well researched account of how Dominican 
Great for busy non-native speakers. I was studying for GMAT and did not have much time to memorize a thousand words or even mental capacity even if I quite my 
Incredible force and eloquence........ Frederick Nietzsche writes with a force and passion rarely found amongst philosophers. His ability to coherently place his powerful and ranging intellect onto paper is simply 
power mentoring. This book is a must have! The mentoring relationships described are so vivid and so compelling. This well researched book compels you to find a mentor if you 
Revisiting Deerfield, MA. NEW ENGLAND OUTPOST: WAR AND SOCIETY IN COLONIAL DEERFIELD, by Richard I. Melvoin is an excellent historical account of early Western MA. If you have ancestors who 
Worthwhile Read. Sure to infuriate the more fanatical and intolerant, this book provides a balanced perspective on Hasidic Judaism and opposing views. It is well organized as it presents the 
 The buds of his horns... . If you ve seen Roman Polanski s film adaptation of Ira Levin s 1967 bestseller ROSEMARY S BABY then you ve read the 
Nice Update to Exalted. Better than the first edition. Great for a new Exalted player. Worth getting if you have first edition  
Calling All Frogs!. The real value in this compact field guide is not in the very clear photos and descriptions, but is in the remarkably clear and useful recordings of 
Tyrannical woman dies. Mrs. Boynton is one of Agatha Christie s most memorable characters. She is an absolute tyrant who rules her family with fear and the possibility of losing 
Good Overall Book on Finance and Free Markets. An excellent introduction and review of free markets and how, through finance, they are able to provide the best allocation of resources 
Perfect for Stampers looking for more. As an instructor, professional designer and artist, I strongly recommend this book. The projects are well thought out, innovative and creative. Nancy Curry has 
Second time just as good. I read this book years ago and was entranced with the story. Recently I unknowingly checked it out of the library. I was delighted when 
Powerful. Why we can`t wait is written in the same style as all of Martin Luther`s writings. It is rhetorical and gripping. It states clearly and leaving no room for 
UNBELIEVABLE THOUGHT WENT INTO THIS!. well from the moment i opened this book to the moment i closed it, i was amazed. yes, we can t prove all these points 
What a great little book with a huge message. I loved this sparse tale about letting go of that which really doesn t matter and grabbing hold of that which 
Might is Right!. Rumored to be ghostwritten by the great Jack London, it probably wasn t plaigarized from word for word by the Jewish con man Anton Lavey in various 
&quot;extraordinaire&quot;. Ignore the 5 stars and put 6 stars instead! I am still wandering why it took such a long time for me to review this extraordinary gospel. This is 
Great for men AND women. I ve read many articles and books on health, but my husband has never been interested. I thought his heart attack might be a wake 
The best book in the world.. Well, this book is tedious reading..But to my knowledge, it is one of a kind! Mr. Agee relates the REAL operations of the CIA.Through 
Arguably my favourite Jane Austen. The book tells about the remarkable family of Dashwood whose family home was located in Sussex. The book is about two sisters who are as 
Big results for me!. A few months ago, I bought this book. Its easy-to-follow plan with great recipes inspired me to make some small tweaks to my eating habits and 
From a queer, young girl to an attractive auburnette schoolteacher... Even though L.M. Montgomery did not intend Anne of Green Gables to be a series, she still captivates with her 
Timothy Treadwell was a great man!. [...]We should all be more aware of our world. Here s a man that turned his life around and went from nothing to a 
My son loves it!. My three year old loves this book. He brings it to storytime everyday! My five year old will even sit through this one.  
Gorey &lt;3. Yeah, you might as well buy these paperback books of a bunch of Gorey comics squished together. You truly get a ton of Gorey for your buck that 
A Great Book of Comfort & Hope. This is a wonderful book that reminds us all that Heaven is an amazing place filled with love, laughter, and dancing. This book 
Return to Home?. Dear Reader,The unfortunate Baudelaire children, Violet, Klaus, and Sunny, were last seen driving away from the horrible Prufrock Preparatory School where their dear friends, the Quagmire triplets, 
Interesting look at Orwellian Stasi Service. this story is exceptional, ans depcits the horrifying lengths that the Stasi went to in order to secure their state. Ash s account delivers 
A satisfying bio about an eccentric literary figure. Born Sonia Brownell in 1918, the subject of this book is believed to be the inspiration for a character in George s 
VERY INSPIRING. As always, Dyer and Chopra are very inspiring and give you much to think about, even in one short tape. The person writing another review wants a &quot;how 
Dear Mr. Henshaw. Jimmy carnes book 3 26 07 reviewThere are numerous problems and solutions in Dear Mr. Henshaw. The 2 lager problems are no one is inviting him over 
Humorously heartbreaking. Ruby Oliver is back!E. Lockhart, author of the much acclaimed and popular THE BOYFRIEND LIST, has delivered a sequel that holds its own. THE BOY BOOK: A Study 
ADDICTIVE!. This is one of those books that make me glad my native tongue is Spanish. A warning, tough: This book is full of Mexican Slang Even I, being Mexican, 
A good look at Joyce and his work. This little book tells succinctly a lot about Joyce s life and his work. The author rightly points out that the Church 
A sweet summer Romance. Body Heat is a quick summer romance novel with splash of danger and mystery. Jake is on leave from the Police Department after being shot. Brianna 
Eva Ibbotson...the only author I would gladly remember the name of except J.K. Rowling. wow, 101 reviews? i am NOT surprised. i won t even go over the story, since 
An important, honest work... To tell the story of race in America as it unfolds over a span of one-hundred years is a daunting enough task for anyone. Yet Robert 
Superb-- Much More than a Travel Memoir. The Olive Season, the sequel to Carol Drinkwater s The Olive Farm, transcends the travel memoir genre to create a searing personal narrative.In 
Please read this book!. James Morrow is an extraordinary writer. Who else you ve heard of would think of a plague of Nietzche-positive individuals after the death of God? Morrow 
Great Read. leaves you wanting to know even more about these two great girls. If you like World of Pies you ll love this one. Different, but just as good 
An incredible tale with characters you know and love. I got a 58 on an exam because of this book. I seriously could not put it down. Jane Lindskold writes 
The King of Children gives insight into Janusz Korczak. After visiting Israel this summer I decided to read up on the philosophy of Janusz Korczak. I had never heard of 
Wyrd is wynderful. Wyrd Sisters is the sixth of the Discworld novels from Terry Pratchett, and a very strong addition it is. This is the 2nd of the books involving 
A Bibliophile s Dream. I LOVE Books. But,this book was still full of information and books I am not familiar with...yet! The author s style is easy and interesting. I 
One of my favorites.. Book #12 in the In Death Series.In this book Eve is faced with the challenge of finding a killer who is eliminating members of the police 
Awesome Book. This book, and the others in the Air Disaster series 4 volumes as of Oct 2006 , are compelling and interesting reads.Highly Recommende  
Great Book!. I felt sure that anything instructional by Fons and Porter had to be good and I was not disappointed. Easy to follow instructions for many techniques are in 
Learn to communicate more effectively with your mule. Mules are not horses, in spite of their similar appearance. Training methods used on horses are often not effective on mules. For 
The birth of gauge theory by its author. This book bewitched several generations of physicists and students. Hermann Weyl was one of the very great mathematicians of this century. He 
Best brief review in 2 pages for these 361 college , A Must buy. If your a college bound student , and then your looking glass should start with this.you 
 What kind of f----- life is this??? . I finished this book about a month ago and was thinking about it again today. I really, really liked it. Someone 
Great First Half. Age of Innocence was incredibly promising for the first half of the book. The writing was funny, the characters were developing well, and the relationships seemed fresh 
Untold Nutritional Truth Behind the Media Myths. I ve been sharing this book with all of my friends! I am now solidly conscious of the food and drink choices I 
Steaming hot... Decadent stories to warm you up on a cold winters night. Just the right amount of comedy and sexiness blended together for the right recipe for love. Warm 
What a great historical jaunt. The author is funny, and along the way you ll learn some of the most esoteric historical facts about Presidential assinations. She definitely brings her 
Funny and eye-opening. The lists provided in this book act as a testament to the idiocy of some people. Even those that hold top positions in our society did not 
Possession, Passion, Poetry and Prose. I read this book when it first came out, and read it again, last month.The passion between the lines, in this wonderfully conceived and crafted 
Dr. John hits another one out of the park. If you want to know what Lordship Salvation is about, read this and Ryrie s So Great a Salvation and make 
Magnesium can relieve migraines and many other ailments, please read below. Dr. Cohen s book does the public a great service in discussing the importance of magnesium for relieving migraines. 
Splendid Catalog of Furturistic Technologies!. As a process futurist, Joel Barker is a very familiar name. His earlier book titled Paradigms, introduced the word paradigm to a wider audience in 
best book ever. my son is 5, and he is loving learning to read with this book. I am amazed at how easy it is. we ve spent about 30 
A Hell Of A Read. I am about halfway through this book since I picked it up today. This is a great read, the pages turn themselves. The movie itself 
FIVE STAR GUIDE FOR MEN. In all of the relationships that I have had the advice I would give would be nearly identical as in this book. It is simple 
My favorite book of all time. I was introduced to this book as a kid at a summer camp in PA and later as a college student at a weekend 
A wonderful book for all moms. Shelly Burke has created a comprehensive, beautifully written guide for At-Home Moms. As a Registered Nurse, she knows the importance of caring for yourself 
Now if only people will read it... Jim Posewitz s pocket-sized book on the ethics of hunting measures about 6 inches by 4 inches, and 3 8 of an inch 
My life is much more fun &amp; balanced since reading this book!. It s truly a shame that this book is no longer stocked. Since I first read it, back 
A Shock. This book was a definate page turner. A book that had drama, suspence and mystery all rolled into one. I couldn t believe the ending! Just when I 
Wrapped in Rain novel by Charles Martin . This is one of the best books I have read. It is encouraging and very hopeful. It deals with hardships in life 
It works!!. Although this another tome aimed primarily toward women, as a gay man who is also searching for love, I could not resist picking up this book--and boy am 
The Winner. This story is one of the best I ve read. Talk about a page turner . Downside....I didn t get much else done after I got to Chapter 
Yum Yum. This is probably the best cookbook that I have ever purchased. So far, I haven t found a recipe that wasn t great and easy to make. Unlike 
Good book. It is beautifully done with the author s artworks. But it didn t help me with my brush stroke. Not many examples on how to express form and 
Rita Mae Brown never disappoints!. I loved this book! The combination of personal growth intraspection, Virginia history and horses is just more than I can pass up. The plot of 
Sizer accurately describes the &quot;game&quot; of high school. Sizer has a talent for seeing high school as it really is to the teachers and students. His proposal to reform high 
A different sort of Heinlein book. After reading many of the reviews here, I note that opinion seems divided on whether it s truly a good Heinlein book or not. 
Life Changing. To anyone out there book bashing: feel free to ef off. This book is REAL magic, and REAL scary. You will get results if you use the methods 
Radical approach shows that organizations can make work meaningful. I was drawn to Joy at Work because for the last twenty years or more I ve been looking for the 
Almost as good as the Blue Sword. This is a wonderful book that features a lady hero. It is well written, but doesn t have quite the flow of the 
Captivating and lyrical!. My seven-year old was absolutely captivated by this book. It is a heart-warming story, perfect for those who know how it feels to be a newcomer and 
Pre-Inflation. These days, celebrity authors earn thousands of dollars for a speech, but back in the 1880s, Ralph Waldo Emerson, the first American author known to receive payment for delivering 
Jeremy Thatcher, Dragon Hatcher. Jeremy Thatcher, Dragon HatcherBy: Bruce CovilleReviewed by: Andrea YamamotoJeremy Thatcher was just an ordinary kid, being bullied by ordinary bullies, who had an ordinary girl passing 
SUPERMAN RETURNS MOVIE BOOK. EXCELLENT MAGAZINE, FULL OF FACTS ABOUT THE MOVIE. THNAKS FOR THE PROMPT DELIVERY AND SERVICES YOU PROVIDED  
EXCELLENT BOOK ! This is for Beginners OR Master Cooks. I ve owned The 60-Minute Gourmet paperback edition since 1979. the book is literally falling apart .I ve used this 
Excellent work. Jeremy Cowart is an amazing photographer and he s done a great job capturing the hearts and lives of these people. Jena s captions are thought-provoking and pairing 
Review of The Canon of Judo. An excellent supplement to any Judo library. Mifune is a true master that provides valuable insight into the details of proper technique  
Best Book ever. This is about the best thing I ve ever read. I never get tired of re and rereading it again and again. You just miss them so 
Justifiable Means Review. Terri Blackstock is a master story weaver. Her characters are believable and she keeps you glued to the pages until the very last one  
Excellent. This is a well written and insightful journey into Native American history. Walking the Trail, One s Journey Along the Cherokee Trail of Tears by Jerry Ellis is also 
unforgettable. This is one of those books that, even if you read then at an early age, you ll always remember with tenderness. It has adventure, fun, suspense; it makes 
Integrate beauty and function into your self-sustaining garden... Being in a rural area and living on a small family farm, we aren t overly concerned with decorative landscaping. We try 
Quick and dirty. This book is excellent for those working on theses or dissertations. It is easy to read, easy to follow and makes the whole process less intimidating  
Childhood favorite. Ah yes, the Boxcar Children. I read every single one of the books in the series growing up-probably numbered around 60, at least. Now that I m grown 
Summer reading at its best!. I mean that. Seriously. Not in a Dostoevsky short story collection on the beach just to be uber-literate kind of way. In an every day, 
Excellent book even for dummies. As an Architects and Sound Engineer, this books really helps my jobs. It has a plenty knowledege from basic audio till many-many ways to improve 
A fictional charactor that resonates. I can only approach this book with utter reverance. Read at a transitional time in my life, as a new wife, a new skydiver and 
The Matsubayashi Shorin-Ryu Bible. There are a lot of books out there on various martial arts. Most of which include pictures for their forms. The Essence of Okinawan Karate-Do is 
WOW - really impressed!. What a great collection of CDs! Truly a great find  
Prophecy not only gays, but for all Americans..... This book is based on a speech Larry Kramer made at Cooper Union 5 days after the 2004 election. It is blunt 
Dedicated to my mother .....and yours. The words in the opening dedication page, For my mother...and yours...what a lovely way to enter this gift of love, to our hearts, from 
Great read and not Wicca!. I m a true crime reader and see this book titled Witch on the shelves-- and I am a Pagan. Yup I bought this book. 
Essential Resource. This is a terrific and necessary resource for anyone involved with the design or renovation of a child care setting. The author has clearly and concisely poured into 
Give up the romance for a book or two... I may be in the minority here, but I enjoy Ms Brockmann s SEAL Team 16 series for the plots and 
THE CHOCOLATEY BOOK EVER!!!. FLASHING LIGHTS Roald Dahl dose it again! This is an amazing story. It s about a bot named Charlie, who is pretty poor. Even though he 
Wonderful seasonal book!. We just bought this for our 2 year-old, and she absolutely loves it. The pictures are bold and colorful, reminiscent of Eric Carle-type pictures. This book tells 
Extremely Useful. I m starting my second year of law school. I got this book near the end of my first year, and it proved to be an invaluable tool 
A superbly presented work of impressive scholarship. The Queen Of Mathematics: A Historically Motivated Guide To Number Theory by Jay R. Goldman School of Mathematics, University of Minnesota is a 
a six sigma implementation caravan. This book is a complete reference of implementing six sigma. It does not focus that much on preparation or building infrastructure of six sigma, however, 
Making sense of the Book of Revelation. Overall, this book is an attempt to put the coming events prophesied in Revelation and other books of the Hebrew Scriptures and Christian 
Undecided. I liked TRACK OF THE CAT, but I didn t love it. The idea that the lion is wrongly accused was one I found appealing, but the plot was, 
A Touching Testimony to the Power of Friendship. The writer Anne Patchett was the poet Lucy Grealy s best friend. After Grealy died, Patchet wrote Truth and Beauty as a 
Creator of the Tarzan classics. This is the first novel in the adventures of John Carter on Mars #1 in the Barsoom series , where Mars is referred to as 
Great book. We enjoyed reading all of Dave Pelzer s books. Excellent reading for all  
A King fantasy novel. This was the first King novel I ever read as a child, and I was hooked. Although not typical of King s haunted cars or clarvoyant 
This is a Great book... Anyone who is seriously about their art should read this book. It is a quick and easy read, and does a good job of putting 
More than I Bargained For. I was figuratively rubbing my hands together as I started this book - A Pulitzer Prize winner that would be a continuation of Little Women 
A must-have for beginners and enthusiasts alike!. A great book! This book covers the basics of working with polymer clay, including mixing colors and which tools you ll need. It 
Lots of info, some of it outdated. I am involved in the TITANIC project extensively, and have used Dr. Ballard s book for reference on many occasions. What I have 
It had me in stiches!. THis book was sooo true to life. It had me in stitches! It left me feeling like I wasn t the only one experiencing the 
An enjoyable introduction to a critical discipline. Fuld s entertaining story-telling and clear analysis, and detailed explanations of useful competitive intelligence techniques, make this a book full of aha!s about 
A masterpiece. This book is an outstanding tribute to the way life was in America s west 100 years ago. Tripping from several points of view and through various characters 
Plain everyday wanting to write. I m your plain everyday wanting to be writer. I found, On Writing to be one of the best books I ve read. Mr. King 
I read this book 2yrs ago and it still is special. The first time I read this book it made me cry, I never had experienced so much emotion for 
Reviewing: The Moral Judgement of the Child. As a professional educator, it s always great to review and reread the works of the great theorists such as Piaget. I consider 
Funny again!. I read the first book, and think this one is equally great, if not better. It was a blast to read about all the silly things the author 
I loved it!. Well it would be really difficult for anyone to NOT like this book in my opinion. It is very interesting to hear from Sylvia Browne s son. 
Great Book for Healthy Living!!!. I am an author and a poet and during a leisure trip to Las Vegas, Nevada with my family, we were able to obtain a 
Wonderful sci-fi sequel to 101 Dalmatians. One of the favorite books of my childhood. I vebeen waiting impatiently for it to be reissued  
Must read for every new mom. This is something a new mom can read in niblets, here or there, in those precious moments of solace.... you get the idea. I 
This book changed the quality of life in our home!. I ve bought a second copy of this book because I loan it out so often! Emilie has wonderful ideas 
I THINK therefore I AM NOT !. This is very good book for people who are seeking spiritual answers.It might not answer all your questions but it worth a try 
Kitty is an Inspiration AND a help!. Kitty s book is filled with wonderful sweaters and knitting projects that combine yarns for a look that expresses her personal style. She 
Buffy the history slayer. Unsurpased collection of Harley History. Don t miss &quot;THE SECOND COMING OF AGE&quot; by: Vedrine, the greatest Harley Davidson novel ever writen  
A Pyschological Spiritual Physiological New Golden Bough. Reading the New Golden Bough was one of the most significant experiences of my youth. That book showed the remarkable similarities in the 
9 11 Commission report conveniently leaves out many facts. When the 9 11 Commission report came out I ran down to the bookstore and got 2 copies 45 minutes before 
Taiji Chin Na. As a child in Glasgow I was taught some of the principles and practices shown within this art. After losing my master I crossed trained for a 
Who holds the power? The creator or the creation?. Awesome story! Never did I expect such a disturbing ending, while at the same time it is somewhat promising in a 
A breathtaking, wildly entertaining classic. As always, Pynchon in V walks a fine line between lunacy and lucidity, and we keep waiting for him to go over the deep end: 
A Beautiful Novel for Anyone Experiencing Loss. I loved this book. I found it completely by accident and now feel that it was placed in front of me by some 
History Has Proven Speer An Unreliable Eye-Witness. Speer began his twenties one of the most promising architects of his generation, and ended his days haunted by a life that included 
Just marvelous. I have read so many books, and I am eager to call this one the best, followed by Patrick Sskind - The Perfume .Patricia Highsmith created one of 
Hope she writes a novel. Excellent group of short stories about life after WWII in Japan. It grasps the pain, suffering, and despair of the people of Japan. Some were 
Great Writing & Robert Goddard go Hand In Glove. Duplicity and intrigue run rampant through the once quiet life of Charlotte Landram. The murder of her Aunt Beatrix is only 
Innovative but dubious blologic shocker. Dave Freedman s initial literary offering Natural Selection is a biologic thriller along the same lines as Crichton s incomparable Jurassic Park , but not 
Best of Best. I read this book several times. It s one of the most valuable and precious sources for all of the Iranians to know shah and his thoughts 
You ll laugh, you ll cry. As a sign of how engrossing this novel is, my wife kept rushing into the room worried because I was actually yelling out loud 
Extraordinary, full of love & savage heartache. This magnificent tale of survival will leave you undone!I believe Wally Lamb loves his characters in such generous and endearing proportions that we 
Confusion. The honesty of the author in &quot;This Game of Ghosts&quot; is startling, and refreshing. Joe looks at the experiences that have shaped his life, both before and after the 
Needed resource for every Protestant Christian. A well-written and organized study of the historical-gramatical methodology in simple terms. Once again Dr. Sprould takes a somewhat difficult and complex topic and 
This is King Henry IV Part 1. This is the play where the Percy rebellion begins and centers around the Achilles-like Hotspur. Eventually, Hotspur Henry Percy and Prince Hal Henry 
Book with RESPECT. It seems as if the previous reviewer has not read this book! It seems writer Ross is critiquing an interview he saw on TV and not the 
it grew on me. When we first bought this book for my then two-year old daughter, I could barely get through it the first time. I didn t much like 
Eye-Opener. After reading Passionate Presence, I realized that living in the past & future was such a waste of energy! Catherine s straight-forward advise is something so obvious, but something 
Age of loss. I read and enjoyed this book when it came out in hardback in 1994. As befits the author s own experience, it concentrates on mother loss by 
Live the Dream!. My dream is to have a vineyard somewhere and grow my own grapes and make my own wine. It s a romantic thing, nurtured by too many 
Improved edition. It seems that this was the standard textbook for most university opera history courses at one time at least it was when I took the course in the 
Funny, real, idealistic!!. When you are done reading it, you wish he could have stayed the full 8 years with Clinton, and the book was 800 pages long!!!! Liberal to 
a treat for anyone who takes art seriously. If Hemingway had set out to explicate material culture theory, this would be it -- clear, straightforward prose dense with insight. One 
A great read!. This book was very well written and so much fun to read.Frank Abagnale tells his story with the same flare and finesse that he pulled off the 
Some Hit Dogs Up in Heah!. Mama nem always said a hit dog will always bark the loudest! I guess we have a few dogs up in heah. I say 
Fabulous!. I loved Perry s first WWI novel, No Graves As Yet. I ve been anxiously waiting 2 years for the 2nd installment. It was even better than the first! 
EXCELLENT!!. Forget the fact that the book was written in the 1950s. It is just as relevant today as it was back then. The analysis of decision making and organizational 
A terrific introduction to meditation. Some of the previous reviews notwithstanding, this book is a GEM! A someone who is new to meditation practice, I have been looking for a 
While a bit predictable, still a satisfying conclusion. Filled with the imagery and passion of its predecessors, The Silver Rose follows the story of Miribelle Cheney, the youngest of the 
Very funny !!. It s just a short read that has my favorite characters in it. I love all of her books by the way. This one has a little 
This was fantastic!. This book brought me back to a kid again! The writting was superb and well detailed. I recommend this book to any reader young and old that 
Inspiring. My French was in its infantile stages when I read this book, but opening a dictionary once, twice, or many times per page was a small price to pay 
Off-beat vampire tale. Oh no, you might think. Another vampire novel. Let s see what original twist this one has. Humor, huh? Well, let s give it a shot...hey, this 
ecological economics. A few chapters in, I was concerned the book was too dated . Fromm does talk a lot about individualism as a fundamental human characteristic, and this can 
Well-written...gorgeous full-color plates. The only thing better than reading the essays and seeing the full-color plates was to have been to the exhibit in person. The art is fascinating. The 
I can t decide which chili to make next!. If you like chili at all, you ll enjoy this book. It has a chili recipe from each of the 50 
A Great Book for those Interested in Varying Perspectives. This book is an excellent resource for those who are interested in what the Bible might have to say about same-sex 
Smith shares her amazing gifts with the rest of us. Jacquelin has helped maintain harmony among the animal companions in our household for many years. She has helped find lost 
This book saved me!!. I must admit that Lucinda Bassett s program 15 week taped program and Dr. Bourne s Anxiety and Phobia Workbook are remarkable...but I feel that this 
What a Difference a Day Makes!. Lisa Tucker s fresh look at familial function and dysfunction starts from one day in the life of one family and then tracks them 
Explains the biochemistry in cooking. This book has helped me particularly with baking. I live in a high-altitude city and had problems with baking until buying this book. Harold McGee 
Perfect. This book does exactly what the title implies, it shows how to network your home computers. The hints about cabling and the well illustrated directions for installing hardware made 
Crossover between romance and suspence. I have been reading romance stories for the last three years, and just as I was getting tired of them, Nora comes with something different! 
Politics, government, law and spiritual discovery. This book is timeless. What transpired in the Nixon era is no different than what surely happens with every administration: legal issues, political adversaries, 
Useful toy. For a non-specialist like me, it s a bit daunting to try to develop intuition about how simple molecules are put together. It really helps to have a 
Wow!. I m not surprised - I knew Gowdy was an artist when I picked up her novel &quot;Falling Angels&quot; by accident. This book of short stories is an incredible 
What more can be said?. This book has been read, discussed, priased, and trashed to death. I just wanted to put my two cents in and say that I loved 
Contemplating the past. Nobel-prize winner Gabriel Garcia Marquez returns to the literary scene with another great novel: a story about a man who decides to sleep with an adolescent virgin 
It s All Here... Here is the indispensible Hirschfeld book - a must for any fan of his work, or of line in general. From his earliest pieces, all the 
The definitive study but needs updating!. Although now out of print and seriously in need of a revised edition, this is the best history in English of the Soviet manned 
A very good survey. Surprisingly enough, there are comparatively few quality publications on Giacometti, one of the greatest artists in the XXth century. This catalogue for an exhibition that was 
Keep reading- it gets really good, I promise. This book was assigned as part of my freshman creative writing class. At first, I wrote it off as Oh great, another 
Uplifting and Inspiring. This is simply a refreshing and inspiring addition to the Good Book itself. Designed specifically for women, the passages and devotionals will help guide you on even 
A special piece of Music. A Masterwork of art. Stephen Sondheim is one of the greatest composers in our time and it is a pleasure to play and read his 
A call to action. I was a little disappointed with Franken s last book, Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right 
Absolutely essential reference. This long book is sort of the equivalent of an extremely long review paper, with innumerable references. It is the only work of its kind on Theory 
Harmless sleazy fun. This book was truly one of the funniest I d read in a long while. The sex scenes were a little graphic, but not in a distasteful 
a book about diversity. In his book, The Quakers in America, Thomas Hamm attempts to balance unity with diversity, a task as daunting in the writing of a book as 
Overall a Well Written Book and Worth a Read. No matter how well you manage time, this book will make you better at managing time and return your investment many 
Breathtaking paintings, sketches, and art objects. The collaborative publishing project of art historians and expeters Ann Dumas, Jack Flam, Remi Labrusse, and Hilary Spurling, Matisse: His Art And His Textiles 
Great Stuff. Stage Rigging Handbook is an excellent book on a subject that s often ignored or glanced over in tech theater books. It s very hard to find, good, 
Philosophy of the Body. Reading this book contributed helpfully to my studies of the phenomenology of the embodied experience. The authors argue that we cannot understand ourselves to be isolated 
One of the best books on birth. I love this book so much I give a copy to every friend of mine that becomes pregnant. It is written in such 
Fantastic!. We are using this book with our Singles group at our church. It has given very biblical reason to be a part and serve in the local church. We 
AWESOME ANGEL BOOK!!!. This is one of my favorite books on angels. If you re into learning more about these special, glorious beings, this is the book for YOU! You 
Transformer fan. i was really looking forward to this book and overall it s pretty good. Great art work, great information on the characters.I would of perfered it to concentrate 
Excellent Textbook on Business Analysis. This is one of the most useful textbooks on business analysis and valuation. The content is practical while based on robust theories.The analysis consists of 
Steven Spielberg, please make this book into a movie!. This book should become required reading for any officer in the Armed Services. The hardships that our soldiers faced East of 
Stretches the subject matter of fiction to its limits. I have read sevral of McCarthy s other novels. His best ones stretch something to the limit. In &lt;Blood Meridian&gt; it 
An eye opener for the realists. Would suggest this be listed in the Hall of Fame  
Tragic Masterpiece. This is an enlightening version of the mad woman locked up in Mr. Rochester s mansion in England. If Jane Eyre was a real person, one might have 
Love this series. My 8-year old son has never read so much as when he discovered Horrible Histories. This extra large version has funny visuals and stories that are just 
 The Way that can be spoken of is not the constant Way... . TAO TE CHING is ascribed to Lao-Tzu The Old Boy , an approximate contemporary of Confucius, 
Good for all travelers. SMART PACKING FOR TODAY S TRAVELER By Susan Foster is filled with Traveling Light ideas, Safety and Security Tips, and Packing for Business and Vacation hints. 
Three Fine Comedies and One Odd Misfire. This volume contains some of Sturges best work, including the immortal comedy The Miracle of Morgan s Creek, together with The Palm Beach 
Family Fun. Our whole family loves this book. It is nice because it is simple enough for a four year old and can evolve into making your own world at 
Best I have ever used!!. Well I just took the test Dec 10, 2005 and I got my scores throught the early scores on ACTsudent.org. For the Bright Futures Scholarship 
Must read. For anyone who is interested in how decision is made in Washington, this is a must read. I even purchased two of this book for a friend of 
Great motivational book that puts things in perspective. Great motivational book that puts things in perspective from a Christian Standpoint  
Sound suggestions; actual read takes effort. The 1980s book is continually updated. Stephanie Winston, also author of Getting Organized, presents a wealth of ideas for managing time, paper, and people 
Essential Reading. My wife tried to get me to read this book soon after we got married. Being a guy, I didn t want to read some girly book about 
Thank you, BBB, for this powerful book!. First there was Power Yoga. I remember buying the book in 1996, intrigued by the cover. Once I started reading it, I could 
More for the Canon. A great achievement by the publishers, Little Brown, who are demonstrating committment to Penn s work with terrific reproductions and presentations of his work in this 
An excellent intermediate level book. This is an excellent intermediate level book on the theoretical aspects of melody in vocal music. The book does an excellent job of covering the 
If you want to understand epilepsy in a personal way. This is a great introduction to how a family copes with epilepsy. It is not easy to get through, sometimes 
Beautiful Story. I came across a website that listed this book as a challenging book all college students should read. I finally found it at a used sale, so I 
This is the book for anybody. From the Avengers to Batgirl ever single thing you ever heard about woman in actrion is viividly described here. I truely recomend this book 
An excellent primer for anyone interested in the subject. This book is part of an excellent 5 book series dealing with democratization. In this particular tome, different perspectives are used 
Somewhere in the darkness. Somewhere in the Darkness is a great book. It s about a teenage boy named Jimmy Little, who is suddenly faced to his father he never 
Sir John s bad beginnings. The very early prequel to the Vicky Bliss series. The villian and his sidekick thug - the beautiful tourist - the confused hero - all 
The Children s Homer. As a homeschooled child, I read this book when I was eight and thoroughly enjoyed it; now, at fifteen, I have just finished reading the original 
Dispelling a myth. One of the great myths in regard to Islamic civilization is that it was egalitarian and respected fully the rights of Christians and Jews. In this work 
Highly recommended reading. Compiled and edited by Laurence Kelly son of a former British ambassador to Russia and a regular visitor to Moscow for most of his life , A 
Amazingly eye opening. This is one of the few books I would actually read over and over. It s incredibly down-to-earth and is full of great quotes you keep in 
Bold Medicine. I initially read this book 5 years ago...it changed my life-it changed my entire thought process, I see nothing but beauty in ALL black people, even those of 
Advice of sibling true - they get better and better. My little brother passed away at just 17 years old on July 25th, and I remember when I first started 
The Aryan-Greek Myth Exposed. All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of one candle - A SayingThe concepts of `Greek Philosophy and of `Greek Civilization , as 
Hostile Takeover is a Must Read. Hostile Takeover is very informative concerning what has been happening to our Country and suggests what we can do about it. We have been 
I was hooked through the whole audiobook. Plot: I had never read an Alex Delaware book before, and am always a bit leary picking up a book in a series 
Two Affecting Stories. Both the novel and the story of how it was written and published make this one of the most affecting books I ve read in a long 
www.sportofdistraction.com. This guide will prove indispensable for those of us who lack grammatical expertise. It s the little things that this book provides that are the most helpful. If you 
Big foot strikes again. We live in Pittsburgh, PA, so this was an especially delightful book with references to Southwestern Pennsylvania. Magdelena Yoder, who is a self-acclaimed bigfoot with her 
Simple Yet Effective. I thought this book was great! Slywotzky uses this book as a sort of Cliff Notes to his previous books, all of which are probably the best 
Rather simplistic. It was a good introduction to cats but as a long time cat lover most of the facts in the book I already knew. I had hoped for 
When can I get a plane to Africa?!. If you are interested in other cultures and ways of life, this book is a treasure. Yes, there has to be a 
A Remarkable Tour de Force!. Dr. Kissinger, for all of his hubris and arrogance will truly go down in history as a great statesman. His intimate and sometimes self-deprecating writing 
I enjoyed it!. This is not my first Kellerman Delaware Sturgis novel and therefore, I was able to appreciate the style and plot. We see Sturgis and Delaware reinvestigating a 
Great Read Aloud. This book is a great read aloud for young children. Mine can t get enough. I have found them combing over an atlas a few times after 
Devastating Critique of the Purpose Driven Movement. Bob DeWaay says that Rick Warren has redefined Christianity to make it more pleasing to pagans, but it is not the Christianity of 
Great Story for Kids. I read this book so frequently when I was a child that my copy literally fell apart. I ve now purchased a copy to read to 
I like this book very much. Many years ago, when I was still in college and needed a part-time job, some people asked me if I could solve heat and 
A handy family reference!. I highly recommend this book for anyone who wants to save a doctors visit for minor ailments. I have used several of his suggestions and they 
Shows you the barrels to shoot fish in. This is a book with truly usable advice. So many books on investing get so far down in the weeds that you 
Slippery Slop Starts Slow, But Becomes Better. Like all of the recent A Series of Unfortunate Events books, The Slippery Slope contains a story that gives us readers a few 
Oh Monsieur Lorry!. I hate when people degrade this novel because they expect in their little buttercup-brains that Lucie Manette is going to have a musket-fight with Mme. Defarge or 
Cool Gift. This book quite good or so dare I say. I was educated on several aspects of cooking and cutting that I took for granted and was unaware off. 
Excellent, very easy read. I was very impressed with this book. It was an easy read but showed so much of Afghan culture. While at times I felt angry it 
Great M&amp;A, Valuation, and Modeling Book. While this book covers all aspects of how to do a deal, the chapters on valuation, deal structuring, and financial modeling are by far 
As a filipino-american.... I liked the stories in the book alot. I could understand what several of the characters were going thru almost like a slice of my own life. 
An MIT Physicist s Excellent Defense of the Compatibility of Science & the Biblical Narrative of Creation. The Science of God is a scientifically sound and well-written text on the 
A Simply Elegant Cookbook. I love this cookbook, I use it for many of my basic recipes. It has become a well used standard around my house. I suggest it 
A great help!. Finally! A book that treats my health problems in a sane way and takes into account my crazy hormones. I m so grateful to the author for 
THE PERFECT GIFT!!. I FIND THESE CALENDARS ARE A FIVE-STAR GIFT FOR SOMEONE ON YOUR LIST WITH A ZANY SENSE OF HUMOR. UNLIKE A TIE OR CLOTHING, THEY ARE JUST 
Wonderful!. This whole series is just delightful. Very well written, well developed storyline, well developed characters. Just absolutely great! Huge books, but you ll blow through them fast. Don t 
take note: the average customer rating is five stars!!!. I have been reading Cordwainer Smith stories over and over for many, many years. There aren t that many of them 
A book that everyone should read. I finished reading Triumph of Hope this morning, after starting it two days ago. I simply couldn t put it down. The author, Ruth 
A Litany of Missteps. This is an excellent overview of how the United States got into a situation from which there seems to be no satisfactory exit. Gilles Keppel concisely 
Classic Terry Pratchett. This is another great one by Terry Pratchett. With a different set of characters, but still set in DiscWorld he spins up an intriguing tale of assassination, 
One brilliant Book. One of the brilliant books that i have ever read this book makes one thing about the endless posibilities one has in life and the ease with 
Yummy!. Great easy recipes that taste wonderful! Some ingredients may need to be substituted depending on country availability.  
EXCELLENT!!!. My wife and I finished reading this book in one day. Wish we ve had it when we first went to Lifestyle - so many mistakes could have been 
Reads like a thriller--but it is history!. I first heard about the Cabanatuan raid about 25 years ago, while studying guerrilla operations and special forces employed in the Pacific Theater 
The development of a Novelist... After reading PATH OF THE ASSASSIN, and being thoroughly entertained, STATE OF THE UNION was a natural choice as it picks up the storyline of 
What about Bush Multinationals?. This is an outing of the weakness of the UN, but what about the one world government being created by the Multinationals who are taking American 
Pocket Ref - an indispensable reference tool. An absolute gem of a book. It replaces about ten other much larger, heavier reference guides with a truly pocket-sized, jam-packed collection of 
If you love the show, if you love the movie... I am absolutely crazy about Firefly . I watch the show almost daily. And of course if you re a 
Halleluiah. Thank God for Dennis Lehane. If you haven t read Lehane s illuminated manuscripts then stop what you re doing afer you finish this . Put your mouse down 
25 Years. The CD rom is the selling point here so if you don t have access to a CD rom this is a pass. If you have access to 
A Jewish view of Renaissance life in Italy. This fact-studded book is a sheer delight for those of us who love the Italian Renaissance. Famous characters, Savonorola, Columbus, Martin Luther, 
Warm and Sweet, like a good cup of tea. From the very first page, I felt as though I actually &quot;entered into&quot; the lives of these women, and was a 
A woman s liberation classic. This is a beautifully written and highly enjoyable exploration of the history of women in writing. It is also a plea for the liberation of 
Maybe the best yet!. Hoo-boy, this book was worth the wait. Quite possibly the best in the series. Everything is right: some loose ends tied up, some questions answered, some 
Memory in Death. I enjoyed this book because it filled in alot of the background on Eve. I wondered alot about what happened to her after she was found in 
Not for all beginners, but probably great for some. Annie has rocked my knitting world. I was and am inspired by her own knitting journey and moved to start knitting 
The unknown side of John Lennon. This is a very interesting book about John Lennon as a family man. His sister Julia tells all the truth about the relationships between 
Excellent Book. This is the absolute best guide to Colorado Trails I have ever seen. The explanation of each trail is very good and the directions precise. The book gives 
Fabulous book on structure. I thoroughly enjoyed this book and keep it handy as a reference guide when I study a dogs movement, conformation etc. I could read it several 
WoW. this book is amazing. its one of the best ludlum novels ive ever read. this time thier is no secret agent type but just a plain banker thats what 
Helpful. Interesting to know how Congress has evolved. The book is more than just about Congress though, for Congress is a body somewhat representative of the people. So Polsby offers 
Quick&Dirty. NOT for the faint of math heart. I have started reading it a second time, trying to be a bit more careful as I hit the later chapters. This, 
Check out Ms. Rosenblat s performance. I ve been listening to the Amelia Peabody series while commuting for the past couple of months and have enjoyed the tapes so very 
Simonton s Getting Well . Book is very informative and offers hope and help. It is far too old and needs to be updated to more current situations but many 
Excellent third installment... This is truly great fantasy writing. Compelling, exciting, thought-provoking. It will most definitely take you away from the day-to-day concerns that pressure us all  
Very good escapist reading. Too many people judge books based on an author s previous and best works, when they should be judged on on each book as its own 
First. A lot of character exploration in this collection. A lot of the X-Men being the young people they are have started to couple up. There are also some breaks 
Delicious Recipes. I had been very impressed with many Williams Sonoma cookbooks in the past, but this one is definitely one of the best. I have tried about half of 
A good read. I liked this book. It really takes you to a place in which you most likely would never be at. I have never done SEAL training, but 
An easier diet to follow than most. There are so many diet books on the market that there hardly seems room for yet another but The Reality Diet: Lose The 
Piece of My Heart - Peter Robinson. This was an excellent mystery - a thoroughly enjoyable read and I hated to finish it  
A Great Biography on a Great Man. This work, which I greatly enjoyed reading and studying, was a wonderful book and a fantastic biography on the Prophet Joseph Smith. It 
A very fun, witty mystery that seems like Fawlty meets Christie. Let me start by saying this is my first Bernie the Burglar series, but my mother loves them through 
very cute!. Oh, this was a really cute book. I don t really understand the disappointing reviews that other people are leaving. It was light, fun, and cute. It also 
The Best Play of the 20th Century. Samuel Beckett s play seems to endlessly perplex reviewers: they want to see in it concrete associations that it generally denies them. Is 
Good story, but not a classic. I read this story with my 11 year old daughter and she really liked it, which I think is more important that whether or 
basketball players can be authors. I just finished charles r.smith jr s book rimshots. It was a great book. it was about the authors life of basketball, and he makes 
Read This One. I ve been a Billie Holiday fan since I was in my teens, but I d never read a biography of her. I avoided the Lady Sings 
Forget Saving Private Ryan. This novel, written by a veteran of the Russian Front, gives us through the eyes of his main character insights into the German army of the 
Excellent book!. Lippincott s Review is an excellent review of pharmacology. That s the key point though: it s a review, not a replacement for a true pharm text.It has 
Excellent case for bringing the troops home now. This outstanding book makes the case for the immediate withdrawal of all foreign troops from Iraq. This would meet the democratic demands 
A Great Conclusion - Leaves You Wanting More!. In THE WEDDING NIGHT OF AN ENGLISH ROGUE, we meet yet another Boscastle family member in Jillian Hunter s conclusion to her 
Real. &quot;The Easter Parade&quot; focuses on sisters Emily and Sarah and gives us a window into their lives during a forty year period. Near the beginning of the novel, the 
A charming glimpse of the lives of the country bluesmen. For anyone who is interested in the Blues and needs a starting point for information, this is the book. It 
North Light s Big Book of Painting watercolor flowers. Very nice book,looked like a new boo  
A Great Sequel to a Great Book. Anne of Avonlea was almost as good as the first Anne book. It is about Anne s life as a school teacher in 
great book for critical thinkers. This book is a must read for anyone who loves libraries and is concerned about reading in our digital age  
This one is my favorite of the Anne books after the first . Although I loved and still love all the Anne books - I discovered them as a teen-ager 
one of the best books I have ever read. Robert B. Parket is a great author & all of his books are good. and Stone Cold is one of the 
A Wonderful Way To Read With Your Child. The format of this book and the others like them give a young reader a very enjoyable experience. The adult side helps 
How to Win Friends & Influence People. A spectacular book everyone should have the pleasure of reading  
Great Classic!. I have read this book a few times and absolutely love it. An excellent start to a series of fantasy that comes to span a myriad of books. 
Worth Your Time. An engaging book that twists and turns its way along a compelling story. I enjoyed the characters, their stories, and the plot twists. It was escapist fiction 
A-List 5: Back in Black. I liked this one a whole lot better than the 4th one. Am I the only one who s happy with Ben and Anna getting 
Great book, my boys love it!!!. I have two boys, 4 and 2, and they both love this book. This is one of the books they pick almost every night 
Witty and Informative. I read Bryson as I toured Queensland, New South Wales and Victoria. His stories are at once informative, witty, engaging and memorable. At points I had excuse 
Forgiveness. From a Vietnamese Monk who has witnessed the transgressions and casulties of war, to forgive and teach the very enemy he tried to enlighten about the war-- I am 
Everybody really DOES eat well in Belgium. I married into a Belgian family, and I have to say, I was intimidated by my mother-in-law s wonderful cooking. How would I 
Perhaps the Most Complete Referrence Manual Available. QuickBooks has become a winner in the accounting system software race. As the revisions have gone by, the software has gotten more and 
Best golf instruction book I ve read, and I ve read a lot. By far the best golf instruction book I ve ever read, and books read, studied, and practiced 
Claims of bias are ridiculously off-base. A couple of reviewers accuse Berenson of anti-Muslim bias in this book, because all of the Muslim characters are terrorists . That s simply 
an experiential tool. Rather than prescribing a formula for happiness and fulfillment, Dick sets out a map that guides one s own inner journey. The reflective exercises make this book 
Not to be missed in studying Jane Austen. There are many biographies of Jane Austen available, but I urge readers to include this one. One of the most noteworthy features 
Happy Childhood memories. I received this cookbook from a favorite neighbor in 1962 - and I will give copies to my grandchildren - I have a lot of happy memories 
The Game Through The Eyes Of The Manager. St. Louis skipper Tony La Russa took more heat from this book than any decisions or comments he made during his hall-of-fame 
Irish mystery-adventure withGreeley s blend of magic&amp;love. If this is your first McGrail novel-STOP. Leave now and go buy its three predecessors in paperback. It is worth following the magical 
Scary comicbook series!. Like many readers, I ve been an on again off again comicbook fan for many years... In the last couple of years since the year 2000 I 
A very engrossing book which deals with the sick psyche. I had this book for many years and read it years ago, but I have recently looked for it with 
A survival book for bad relationships. This was one of the first books that I picked up after my divorce 17 plus years ago. I knew that I was giving 
No book has made me so proud to be female as this, READ IT. No woman should not read the bond between women, China Galland has given her readers a 
From Beirut to Jerusalem. Having spent the last year in the Near East, I found that reading this book gave me an incite that was most helpful to me and 
Every parent must own. An invaluable resource. Starting with What to Expect when Your Expecting through the What to Expect the Toddler Years . Parent s should own them all. 
Recommended. America s Right Turn: How Conservaties Used new And Alternative Media To Take Power by political conservative co-authors Richard A. Viguerie and David Franke is an astute evaluation of 
A great complement to tactical play. I like to call this book a work on positional tactics. If tactics are the loops, then this book is the thread. He dissects 
Concise, practical leadership insight. Thompson and Ware deliver a very engaging, extremely informative work with this book. If you aspire to increase your ability to lead successfully at work, get 
A RING-SIDE SEAT WITH LEADING MINDS OF THE 20TH CENTURY. I did not know about this book until I read Jack Beatty s THE WORLD ACCORDING TO PETER DRUCKER. I 
A Hole in One for Cullen. I really thought this was a great book. True, as some reviewers have noted, the plot itself is a little predictable, though well constructed. 
The Neuroscience of Psychotherapy. An excellent book combining the fields of neuroscience and psychotherapy and explaining the effects of emotional trauma on brain development.  
Great book. Good for beginners. Today we were at 12000 feet looking into the Black Canyon of the Gunnison, and we decided we needed a book. Any book. A good 
West. Morris west was one of the best and this last one proves the point. This is his last book and he has proved himself yet again as the master 
the best translation. the poetic edda is one of the greatest collections of poetry of all times. it contains the beautifully vivid volupso , the norse apocalypse poem, the comedic 
Liar s Club - one of the best books ever. I can t say enough about this book - Mary Karr is an amazing writer - you feel like you 
Entertaining Book. This book is not exactly what I thought it would be but it is great none the less. It is sort of a reminder for you and your 
Wonderful Book. I disagree with the previous reviewer. For one thing, the reader inaccurately assumes this book is in the same genre as the Gregg Reference Manual. The Cliffs book 
Green Wilma is hilarious. Children will love this book. It is well illustrated, keeps your attention, makes you laugh, and keeps you wanting to see what Wilma will do next. 
Excellent into to Large Fomat. As beginer to large format, I was looking for a book that would give me the basics of view cameras and their use. I already 
LITTLE BIG MAN. THIS STORY MOVED ME DEEPLY. I FELT HIS PAIN AND LONLINESS  
Terrific overview on harrassment behavior. THE BULLY AT WORK looks at the latest issue in the work place--allowing a manager or in some cases a co-worker to demean you as 
A Great Read. I found this book to be highly entertaining, and an enjoyable read. I would rank it with &quot;The Glory of Their Times&quot; as my 2 favorite baseball 
The choices we chose not to have. I found that this reading was extremely entertaining. As the plot was uncovering I found myself actually wanting to read more and more. 
Master of language. This is my first try with Nabokov, and I must say that I was almost overwhelmed by his masterful and playful use of the English language. A 
Middlemarch is a challenging and relentless book. I spent two months with Middlemarch. It is not a particularly difficult book to read, but it must be read without distractions. It 
Jesuit character. Very well documented book about the vile behavior of the Jesuits within the Catholic Church. It is not defamation to write the truth and document it as proof 
Best Intro to the Historical Jesus Field. As a non-specialist who has read about a dozen books in this genre, I would like to give a hearty recommendation to this 
A powerful story about proper priorities in life. As a young boy, I read this book and it has stuck with me ever since. Though not a religious man, Gale 
the best book on using visualizations for health. I picked up this book recently at the bookstore. I must say that this is the best book written on using visualizations 
A wonderful addition to any collection!. A beautiful collection of paper dolls with excellent reproductions of original costumes worn by some of the most famous and glamorous stars of the 
The Title Says it All... This book is called UPDATING Bungalows! Amazon is a wonderful resource because you can browse pages before you buy. This book should not be a 
Among my most prized possessions. My 1926 edition of this book is among my most prized volumes. The book is a much-compressed look at events, some facts obviously of their 
No budget handcrafting. A beautifully illustrated book with great instructions, but I found most projects were created with no budget in mind. When I think handcrafted I think of saving 
War on TERRORble Diseases. Stem Cell Wars: InsideStories from the Frontlines by Eve Herold provides an excellent account of the forces that have shaped the delay of meaningful federal funding 
Another great one from Beverly Lewis. I have enjoyed many series by Beverly Lewis. This one ties up the stories opened in The Preacher s Daughter and The Englisher. It 
The Connection. You don t have to be an Abraham follower to understand this book, just a human being who realizes somewhere in your soul that we are all connected, 
A great bargain...and my son loves it!. My 4yr old son loves this book so much he took a nap with it! The character voices are the actual ones from 
Can t teach the Constitution without it!. Maestro reviews the reasons for the Constitution, but fails to mention the Articles of Confederation. The text includes the Virginia, New Jersey, and 
The best introduction to the Revolutionary War!. The stories in this book are told by people who were there! The war is described in great detail through a compilation of 
Very Interesting. Perhaps a little to dry for someone not totally engaged in the subject matter, but overall this book is extremely interesting and full of helpfull information to anyone 
A Great Resource. I have no previous programming experience. After only five days with this book, I have already built programs beyond the scope of the book. This text lays 
Very Compelling. Middlesex is a story about what it means to occupy the complex and unnamed middle ground between male and female, Greek and American, past and present. For Cal, 
A difficult secret to keep. Andrew Clements THINGS HOPED FOR tells of Gwen s father, who has vanished from their New York City home. He s left a message telling 
Philosphical Economist. This book is an easy read, but is extremely thought provoking. Francis Fukuyama is one of few economists who is actually a clear and interesting writer. This book 
Visually entertaining with a story and look we grew up with. Tim Egan s books always seem to tickle a spot in me that remind me of stories and great 
Moral values. Hansel and Gretel is my fav fairy tales. Almost all stories of Grimm have moral values and this one is no exception. Fairy tales were told as form 
A persuasive argument. I was predisposed to discount Johnson s argument that popular culture isn t a race to the bottom, in George Will s words. After all, as a 
Essential. As a doctoral candidate in classical philology, I strongly urge all serious Greek students to obtain this priceless book - one of the cheapest of the essential shelf of 
Better scores for writing tests. I have used this book in my classroom for two years, and 97 of my average eighth grade students scored a 3 or above on 
Fascinating!. A strangly fascinating book...didn t expect it to be so engrossing. Lived in Chicago for a time, and find I knew little about the history.The parallel plot was a 
One of my favorite cookbooks!. I looooove this cookbook! It inspired me to buy others by Lorna Sass. The recipes are delicious, you can cook them in a pressure cooker 
Great overview. I found this book to be an excellent resource for those interested in Land Trusts and what they do. I am presently employed by one of the Land 
Tough, Intense. If you re a CSI die-hard or a fan of other pulled-from-the-headlines shows, you still will not be prepared for the real-life drama that occurs in the Bronx. 
Roberto, The Insect Architect is really great. My kids love this book, the story is fun and the art work is great. My wife an I both enjoy this book 
This is really good stuff. If you like contemporary poetry this is the book for you. The wide range of styles contained in the book is amazing. It revived my 
Outsiders should be -IN- your library!. This anthology includes a who s who of horror writers from Poppy Z. Brite but don t call her a horror writer please , 
Blueprint for better relationships. Since reading this book about 6 years ago I ve looked in every bookstore to obtain my own copy without success. I found this book to 
Weird and confusing but it really grows on you. At first this seems disappointing after Alice in Wonderland and Through the Looking Glass. But after a while it grows on 
Maniac Magee as understood by McAmos Paye. Maniac Magee is about a 12 year old boy whose parents where killed in a car crash at the age of three. He 
Great information on nutrition for everyone. Getting kids to eat well is always a challenge, but Dr Wood gives some great ideas for all ages. The book has easy to 
Nice quick reference. I think the book does what it says. I was able to finish the basic understanding of Hibernate 3 within 2 days flat. The language is really 
Wacky Lois Meade strikes again!. Spunky, no nonsense Lois Meade delights as before. Lois s interest in and care over her cleaners is heartwarming. A must read to all who 
Excellent Resource!. Being new to the world of homeschooling, I had many questions and concerns. I don t think there was a single relevant topic that this book did not 
Great Historical Fiction Book. There aren t many stories written about African-Americanpioneers. This story tells how the Muldie family traveled West fromKentucky to Kansas after hearing about the Homestead Act. 
Heads up in the US. Great product but a funny thing i noticed looking at the book: it s published in the UK so that makes the pronunciation examples a 
A must-read for every American!!. This book is absolutely fascinating for anyone interested in our country s racial history, or race-relations today. After reading this book, I believe it should 
Power reading. Great book to read and study. I recommend it to anyone that is thinking of improving your reading speed. Great book every read  
Own your own corporation. This book covers the tax advantages of each type of corporation and the types of liability of each type of corporation. Being sued is a major 
A great world view and a great read. Peter Kash was my father s intern at EF Hutton when I was a little girl. His warmth and zest for life 
Destiny s Child. VOODOO DREAMS is not the type of book that I generally read for entertainment, however, it was what I was carrying around at the time until my 
criminal behavior?. Having read Darkness, and the reviews here and elsewhere, one aspect of this sorry affair seems to not to have been considered: namely, the possibility that, scientific ethics 
Interesting for its background material. If you are reading this book to find out about a ten minute arguument between Wittgenstein and Popper, you re missing the point entirely. What 
fun to read, difficult to understand. i think this book is a metaphor of what Sensei Hatsumi wishes to teach in genenral. his books are chaotic, hard to understand and 
Too Cute. I highly recommend and enjoyed this book. Seems to have the perfect amount of ever emotion. Very well written.  
Great book for understanding the events of Fort Sumter. To tell you how good this book is, I picked this book up almost as a lark. I only had planned 
Incredible Book. Incredible book expressing the principles of genuine success in life. Napolean Hill is a master at describing and articulationg how to become a truly successful human being, not 
As close as you can get. The text is for advance guitarist. Fingering made perfect musical sense. One of the best by far of J.S. Bach lute transciptions. Notation based 
A real page-turner. This book is well written, well argued, and fascinating. It s especially timely now as we try to understand the forces that led us into the Iraq 
Amazing Book. All I have to say is wow, it isn t very hard to follow, but it can become confusing. Except you can understand what she is trying to 
Brings the fun back to Java. I really enjoyed this book. The author does a solid job of explaining everything you need to know to write games for MIDP devices. 
One of his best, pairing eye-catching color motorcycle photos with business and design facts. Ducati is known for its motorcycles among transportation buffs today, but it switched from electronics to 
The Next Level. Wow - this a great book that picks up where The Four Agreements leaves off. In fact the author studied with Don Miguel Ruiz. I love the 
Some Useful Ideas, Some Extreme Ones. I agree with the reviewer that said one should take this book with a grain of salt.The idea of giving a young child lots 
Informative! Fun! Thanks!. Great book! Does just what the cover says and she applies her great marketing skills to the cover - I was walking by after picking out a 
Gun control politics. This latest effort of William Vizzard was written primarily for those readers who have a real interest in the history and future of gun control. This book 
Fascinating exploration of passion. These letters, originally published in 1669 as an &quot;instant success&quot; deserve to become an &quot;instant success&quot; again. They are of uncertain origin and authenticity; however, the 
On the Road. The I Ching has been in my life since I was nineteen. I am now four-four. My interest has not waned. But since I have read C.K.Anthony 
The Insanity Plague!. The Invisible Plague is written by psychiatrist E. Fuller Torrey and examines the issue of the increase in worldwide cases of insanity since the eighteenth century. The 
Revealing biography of Lennon the rock star and person. I went for this book at first because of the photos -- riviting. It was really comprehensive in having photos of 
The Real Deal. As a newcomer to watercolor painting, I have purchased an extensive library of books on the subject to better educate myself in this wonderful media. I stumbled 
Such an awesome book for third-years. I ve been studying Japanese for three years now and I ve been hitting real walls to my understanding. Jay Rubin is awesome! I 
It changed My life. All I have to say is that this book made me come out. It s a great story, and all the little episodes that rainbow boys 
Excellent Reading Material. This is an excellent reading material with good explaination of the concepts  
When are they coming?. This is not just about one dish book! I loved them all! They were all so good and i read them all and i want more!! 
so randomly funny. So the rogers and amelia go on a camping trip but everything was a disaster! The sleeping bags were paper bags, the tent steaks were tent-shaped steak 
The Elites Expel God , Marx and Nietzsche Rush In. William Buckley, long before Leo Strauss and Allan Bloom noted the crisis in the elite universities, decided to defend the 
Yesterday Today: Right Wing Uses Same Tactics. With a former Supreme Court Justice warning the USA today March 10, 2006 about starting down the road toward a dictatorship, it seemes 
Wow! I learned so much about dogs!! Ten out of nine stars!!!. I laerned so much about dogs from this book! Like:1 They are animals2 They are mammals3 Humans are 
really smart and funny. This book is funny and there are so many bits of advice you can really follow and share. The style of writing is really unique and 
Hatching Magic. The book Hatching Magic, by Ann Downer, is about a wizard, Gideon, from thirteenth century England who looses his wyvern, Wycca, through a bolt-hole to a different Where 
The Bottom Line... A great book for those of you interested in a study that goes deeper than just trying to make predictions about the future. THE BOTTOM LINE: It 
Marriage under fire. Roxanne Henke blows away naysayers who rate Christian fiction as sub-par. This story was not mindless entertainment: its sometimes difficult scenes serve as a serious warning to 
Perfect in content and writing. This book is one nobody should miss. Cortzar has an excelent way of sayin things and this book isn t the exception, but the temporal 
Just what it advertises. This book is just what it advertises - it is good down-to-earth and practical advice for those just starting out on their teaching careers. I ve 
A FAINT COLD FEAR BY KAREN SLAUGHTER. THIS IS SUPPOSE TO BE HER BEST BOOK AND IT CAME IN GREAT CONDITION--THIS SHOULD BE A KEEPER AND THE BOOK IS WORTHY 
does what it says. I have worked on 5.5 systems and this book helped me bridge the knowledge gap for an on the job education. It add a few tricks 
THE truth is here. I am going to get all of Keyhoe s books the time has come and is true  
Most appropriate for CS students. As a teacher of the subject, I have had the chance to evaluate numerous books on the theory of computation. Of all the available texts, 
The Good the Bad and the Ugly. I am a huge fan of the sport of figure skating, so when this book came out, I had to read it. I 
The True Lost World. This book started the series and is what inspired Crichton to write his books. This was an extremely entertaining book. My school teacher recommended it to 
Brilliant, demystifying and intelligent. A very useful and beautiful resource, this book has the added appeal of having taken the time to acquire writings with some very sensible, succint and 
this one makes so much sense. No matter how much you have to lose you need to read this book. It is not a diet book but a lesson in 
cool. This amazing book by Matt Christopher is awsome.It s about a boy named Koby who plays for the Cardinals and is the teams best pitcher but to to go 
Just Buy It. If you sell software, buy this book and read it, chew it up and digest it. As the other reviews say, this book is practical. Not some 
Unique and Imaginative. I ve read a slew of animal communication books and find this is the best on the topic. Kinkade s perspective is fresh and enlivening, different from 
Gripping; Chilling. Stephanies book, An Invisible Man, is a spine chilling account of a serial murderer that should have been caught many years prior to his arrest, but due to 
Mitch Rapp: America s Hero. This series featuring CIA counterterrorism operative Mitch Rapp gets better and better. Not only must Rapp find and neutralize two nuclear bombs smuggled into the 
Good book for beginning poets. Every poets needs to begin somewhere and this book is a good beginning. It is easy to read and gives some good advice for those 
Great Gourmet Raw Food Cookbook!. The recipes I ve made from here are delicious and amazing. Be warned though, as some of them can take a lot of time to 
Take Knitting to a New Level!!!. Debbie New s artistic abilities are incredible! While so many knitting books are recipe books with prescribed patterns, Debbie New s book invites creativity 
Highbrow horror. I was led to this book through the author s sister, Poe. Being someone who knows the difference between semantics and semiotics, I figured this looked like an 
For tennis freaks. This book is huge and is not to read for enjoyment. It is a book filled with stats, rules, and tons of information on tennis. Why would 
An excellent source for those who need to protect themselves... As always, I will be frank about the book to the extent of my knowledge and not pretend I m 
The Boy Who Was Raised as a Girl. What a profoundly sad book about such a heartbreaking life. The fact that this poor man s parents were convinced to raise 
Blends experience, business school theory, & practical steps. If you care about becoming a better leader in your work or civic organizations or in your home, this is a practical 
An Underrated Classic. Although A Fan s Notes has its admirers, the book seems to be more of a cult favorite than a recognized classic. And that s a shame. 
Good to have on hand. This book has tons of drinks and recipes. Tells you how to make exotic drinks , nonalchoholic drinks, low calorie drinks and many more. It 
It Tolls For Thee. It is a fascinating tale of Robert Roberto Jordon and his paisonos, caught up in the Spanish Civil War. The story covers only three days of 
Witty and charming. How I wish I could have known Helene Hanff. She s the kind of person who enriched the lives of all around her. As her friends in 
Very practical exposition of the Sermon. I am preaching through the beatitudes right now, and next year, I plan on preaching through the rest of the Sermon on the Mount. 
Wowzers!--Dumas is a Master Storyteller. Not everyone could do it. In fact, almost no one else that I could think of, could construct a story about a gardener whose main 
Thirty eggs? I don t remember laying thirty eggs. The second edition of Birds of Michigan Field Guide has a two-CD set sold separately called Birds of Michigan Audio CD 
Bettter Than Classic! Better than Great!!. How did Gibbon do it?! This book is so good and so rich on so many levels, and the centuries have not made it 
A Wish Book for adults. We couldn t agree on the type of house we wanted so we spent hours inspecting the hundreds of house plans in this book, mentally 
Linda Jo Smith, Book Review Editor, Sisters~Nineties Literary Group. Come Hell or High Water is a well-documented account of the events surrounding the failure, or more accurately the refusal, of 
Awesome. This is my favorite by Tolle. Get it. Listen to it. Then listen to it again. and again. and again. It takes me deeper each time. As do all 
Good Economics book. This book was great for my introductory economics course. It would be helpful for anyone interesting in learning more about this important topic  
great for all levels. this book is a great book for anyone involved with inbound call centers and a MUST for call center management  
Great practical and scholarly guide to working in trauma. This book represents an exhaustive review of various cognitive-behavioral approaches to the treatment of trauma. It is scholarly and founded on 
Great for the confused IVF newbie... I looked at every IVF book around and chose this one to help me through the IVF process. Things are explained in a way 
Excellent primer into theory on strategic management. Are you a MBA student? Management scholar? If yes, then this book is definitely for you. The book is not meant for everyday 
You can t put this one down either!. Liz did it again. Every bit as engaging as the first Bad Girls book. You ve just got to love the way 
A searing classic novel about the hidden costs of discounting the welfare of others in pursuit of one s dreams. Written by a two-time recipient of the Governor General s 
Re-vampled and updated way of looking at your sales force and being customer focused. This book is extremely thought-provoking in how we should focus on our customers and how we 
I can t gush enough!. Michael Collins is one of the best pilots NASA ever saw, but you won t know that from this book. He is a very humble 
One of his best.. This is King in the kind of story he s best at: suspenseful, a little sinister, and really spooky. The story includes all the teenage angst 
Right On!. As the previous reviewers have already stated, this story encompasses many plots; all of which are interesting and somehow tie to one another. Callie Dunbrook, archeologist, out on 
A Thrilling addition to the Women of the Underworld Series. Bitten was unique in the fact that it was a paranormal novel that didn t focus on vampires or witches. 
Great book!. This manual is containing all you need in training internal med.Buy this book  
REAL LIFE:REAL SPICE. This book is undoubtedly the best book I ve ever read. It tells the story of pop music s biggest phenomenon, the Spice Girls. Learn about Mel 
The best book on the subject out there!. &quot;Heartfelt Discipline&quot; by Clay Clarkson is in my opinion the best book that I have ever read on childhood discipline. Instead of 
great history of the Church. One of the best overviews of the growth of the Church from the beginning.  
Good for the organizationally challenged who can t cook. I can t cook and I have been very resistant to learning. I don t know what to make. I don 
the best and hardest to read!. I loved this book, but I had to stop reading for awhile because I knew what was coming...just had to get through it, bawling 
Intense, brilliant. With fiction there is usually some distance between the reader and the action described. After all, the reader is seated in a comfortable chair, one assumes, in pleasant 
Barnett s Transformation is Compelling. Barnett s prior book, The Pentagon s New Map, presented a new explanation for the role of US military in the next decade or two. 
Great Book - bring me more. I loved this book. The plot was suspensefull, full of surprises and extremely well written. Amy Gutman simply lived the life of Kate Paine 
Interesting read, just wanted more of a conclusion. Basically a book on speed. Some of the facts were fascinating, especially when it got into the lengths we go to as 
Can all the rye be caught?. Sunk into the deepest hole of society and rejection, the main character Holden tells his story of a teenage who is tired of the 
diamonds aren t the girl s best friend. But the bones of the man attaced to a case of diamonds are the girl s best friend, and she s trying 
Discover the joys of living a more abundant life on the road -- or home!. In order to get value from this book, you do not need to be an 
Great, but not perfect. The work is divided into neatly arranged sections as follows: 1 The scholarly baggage that has conditioned the study of Roman religion. 2 Definition and concepts. 
Another Jewel from HH dalai Lama. This is a suprisingly deceptive book,deceptive in its depth,breath and scholarship. HH the dalai lama has been recorded and transcribed profusely, yet much of 
Run up the battle flag and drink to the foam !. John Gobbell wrote four enjoyable novels about naval officer Todd Ingram. Set in WWII, each was better than its 
Wonderful coming out story... I would highly recommend this to anyone who is coming out, gay curious or straight with gay friends. This book was written about the time frame 
A workmanlike biography of a conscientious historian. Leckie s biography of Angie Debo 1890-1987 is unusual in that it was to some degree inspired by a film instead of the 
Nice addition to your bible story library!. I like the fact that it delves more into the stories than the typical children s bible- and we really get a feel 
One of the most important books written the previous century. To me this important expose on the begining of the AIDS crises and Reagan s response is extremely important. It 
MAGICAL. It was truly magical how refreshed, alive, and invigorated I felt after listening to this meditation CD.Dr. Gaynor is an expert in tapping into one s body and soul 
Interesting as history. After the publication of Dr. Atkins New Diet Revolution, this older version seems to have been neglected. Mostly this is good because while it s a great 
Great Book but nothing like the movie. The person who only rated it one star is not being fair. The books were written long before the movies ever came out 
You need this one. This book filters through all the technical terms and gives you quick, much needed information for those daily challenges that you definitely will encounter. It deals 
Great Book. This is an interesting and well written guidebook. It was mentioned on NPR I think once and it was well deserved. Finally a guidebook for active but not 
Broad range of information without sensationalism - 4.5 stars. In a very down-to-earth style, the author presents very relevant information on a wide variety of topics. Ranging from fundamental calculations 
Excellent Hair-care book! Highly Recommended!. I received this book as a gift and it has been a hair saver for me! This book is so informative from everything you need 
Paperback Incomplete. The paperback and hardback editions of Taylor s Poems are NOT the same. The paperback has only about half of the poems. It does not even contain the 
Good travel companion. I went to Berlin for the first time this year. This book was in my backpack daily. It made Berlin really come alive for me and make 
Family Classic. Hannah Hurnard s Hinds Feet on High Places is a family classic. We read it after dinner for months, two pages per night, with our pre-teen children always 
Well worth your hard-earned cash!. Frankly, I ve thought that most of the Absolute editions were overpriced and a little too self-aggrandizing. Sometimes a good comic book is just a 
The Sibley Guide to Bird Life & Behavior. Includes all the information our other guides - Audubon, Peterson s, the other Sibley s Guide -- have left undescribed. Devotes many 
Fairly good fantasy. Treasure Island has, by all means, a good plot. Fairly good character development and adequate interesting setting. However, the language is a bit tiresome.I felt Stevenson interjected 
An anthology of great thought from an unsung American hero. President Calvin Coolidge may have been overlooked by history, but conservatives or libertarians who seek the twentieth century U.S. President 
Enjoyable, beautiful. A great book, simply said. Not too wordy, and great artwork to see. Introduce yourself to all kinds of art  
A High-level Roadmap for Building a Professional Business. Flamholtz the author does and excellent job of describing the various stages of organizational growth. In each stage he describes what an 
STIMULATION. This is a good book if vanilla is too old. This book will teach you so much about sexual paraphernalia. After buying this book, my boyfriend and I have 
Good for couples. This book is great for couples to sit down and look at each aspect of their ADD affected relationship, and work out written exercises in the book 
A gem for teachers old and new!. This book is a must for beginning teachers and for pros who need new ideas. It combines street smart practicality with the creative 
Povich is America. Long live the legacy of Shirley Povich. This book brings to the current generation the work of the best, Shorley Povich. It is mandatory reading for every 
Fantastic book on what spirituality REALLY means. Twerski has a very interesting background and training. He was a son of a rabbi, but went to medical school instead and now 
Simple But It Works !. This guy is making millions by selling this very simple advice! I m envious that he wrote this book and is selling thousands of copies 
The Whole Thing Instead. Lew Welch experimented with Life in These United States before choosing the Life of Poetry. Ring of Bone, collected and lightly deftly edited and introduced by 
Best since &quot;Fermat s Enigma&quot;. In 1900, David Hilbert gave an address to the International Congress of Mathematicians that outlined the twenty three most important unsolved problems of mathematics, as 
Pretty good book!. I have this book, pretty good! Has breeding, training, caring, diet, cleaning, hazards, ect  
Deep, yet illuminating. First of all, a book on economics that gets thumbs up from both The Nation & The Wall Street Journal should get a wide readership. In the 
How Photography Made the Day. The 9 11 attack on the World Trade Center was not only the biggest news event in decades, it was also the most photographed one. 
A nice study of irrationality. I enjoyed this book even more than Rendell s The Rotweiller which I also liked.In Thirteen Steps , this author subtly and observantly buids solid 
Her Wits About Her. This is one of the best books about women s self defense. It should be republished  
Beautiful!!!!!!!!!. Thsi book answers all of the question you may have after reading One Day I Saw A Black King. It is beautiful written, poetic. You won t be disappointed. 
Thought Provoking. Very interesting, and Philosophical. James Geary gives brief backgrounds on the authors and insight into their ways of thinking. Keep a dictionary close. I found this book to 
prayer book. I enjoy this small book by Herr Doktor Gershom Scholem. &quot;Zohar : The Book of Splendor : Basic Readings from the Kabbalah&quot; is a collection of passages from 
hear me out. i never thought this guy was actually making a prediction i just thought it was a fictional story based on revelations....lol.....it is a bit of predjudice and 
Smith does it again. Alexander McCall Smith has a knack for capturing characters, breathing life into them and making you want to know more about them. The only complaint I 
From the Publisher. This exquisite volume, illustrated with beautiful full-color reproductions of paintings of women reading, provides compelling inspiration for recording one s private thoughts. Works by Mary Cassatt, Pierre-Auguste 
A Mine of Jewels and Gems. Vyasa s Mahabharata is a massive epic that has no equal in Western literature. The central story of the Mahabharata revolves around five brothers 
Globalization 101. Although written way back in 1990-1, this book was prescient enough and insightful enough to still be relevant today. The trends Reich lays out -- toward globalization of 
For Those Who Are Passionate About Teaching. Cris Tovani has done the amazing job of not only writing a book that is easily readable, but also communicates to parents, teachers, 
Ye olde Marvel, hath you gone mad?. Yes, I did enjoy this work. I have always admired Neil s ability to take us some where else. The name changes I 
hard to put down. Once you start reading this book, it s pretty hard to actualy stop. Kopp manages to make each sentence important and worthwhile, which makes for a 
SO PRESCIENT, IT S SCARY!. A blend of caustic humor and well-written razor-sharp prose that s hard to put down. I spent many a sleepless night reading and re-reading this 
A great book. I found this a stupendous book, and while at times I felt I was treading well-known ground, and at times the account of the efforts of groups 
A Warm and Wonderful Book. This is an all time favorite of myself and my three year old daughter. The gentel reassurance of all the great things parent and child 
This Book was Great In 1970 And It Is Still Great In 2005!!!. This was actually the first Heinlein Science Fiction book that I read when was I was 10 
Ideal for individual reflection. Now in a superbly presented fifteenth anniversary edition, Circle Of Stones is a classic spiritual guide for women featuring meditative experiences drawn from ancient cultures and 
The Real World!. I have loved this book since I was a child and now as I am getting older and my friends and family are having children, I give 
Buy it!. I used this book only to prepare for the test, and it was more than enough. All major areas are covered extremely good.1. Media and Topologies - 5 
A Wonderful Collection. This is a wonderful collection of Blake s later poems is specifically edited to enhance their therapeutic power and comprehensibility. This anthology, more than any other I 
A Great Book to have on the Book Shelf. This book is a very good book if you like mysteries. This is a great book to have on the bookshelf. 
Journey to India for love and fortune. HMS Surprise is the third installment in Patrick O Brian s seminal work of literary art depicting the friendship and adventures of Captain 
I love rats. This book is wonderfully written and recommended to anyone thatis considering incorporating a rat or two in to their family.The history of rats is fascinating. Knowing more 
A core contribution to Native American Studies. From 1880 to 1980 the families of Native Americans were cruelly disrupted by the United States and Canadian governments who forcibly removed children 
The sad story of Paul Pennyfeather. This bitter farce tells the story of one Paul Pennyfeather, a young man who is expelled from an Oxford-like university due to a misunderstanding. 
Quiltscapes Review. Refreshing style. I have viewed some of the author s work at the craft show held each year at the Barker farm and it is breath taking  
Great background on right-wing extremism. This book is an excellent primer on how the religious right wing extremists have hijacked the Republican party and dirtied the face of conservatism. Please 
 Seven is high on my list of favorite historical mysteries. I remember seeing this book when it was first released, and reading the Twin Peaks connection the author co-created 
Well, it s worth the money. I haven t taken the test yet, but I ve been using this book to study, along with my biology textbook, for last few 
glad I got it. I am just now buying a copy of this for my sister. I am  way through and I have to say I am moved by 
Excellent text, shoddy binding. I ve been working through this book to learn C . It is an excellent teacher. I particularly like that it does not assume I am 
Great primer. This book was a fast and easy read that kept my interest throughout the story. Frabato is a great primer to anyone interested in the occult  
Two sweeping plays where comedy and history join. I am actually reviewing both Parts One and Two with this since they should be read together.The reason why I enjoyed these 
awesome!. This is the best book I have found of its kind! A workout plan just for soccer players that is clear and easy to understand. You can use this 
Great Read. The mystery of why every single Carl Hiaasen book hasn t been made into a movie has finally been solved. Suffice it to say that Mr. Hiaasen should 
Amazing Social Scientific Look at Policy. This book has to be one of the most thorough books I have ever read. It is meticulous and has an extremely non-partisan tone. 
Superb Narrative History. David McCullough s 1776 was excellent, but Ketchum s Winter Soldiers is even better. This is the finest kind of narrative history. The mounting tally of disappointments 
Still pertinent and thoughtful. Ms. Sontags collection of texts which I believe were originally published as separate newspaper articles still offer food for thought despite their age. Her thoughts on 
Outstanding global view. These Earth from Above books are truly an outstanding and breath taking view of the the world. They are educational and beautiful all at the same time. 
Good, has needed info on rarer species, with updated names. I found information on fish that I could not find in other basic bread and butter books. While it does 
HORRIFYING. I am from Indianapolis, In. and went to school with Stephanie and Paula. My mom had Paula babysit us on ocassions when we lived in Beech Grove, on the 
A great book. From the first paragraph this book capivated me with it s clever writing and engrossing plot. It touched on issues every teenager can relate to without sounding 
WHAT A BLESSING. This book is exactly what I was looking for. So often we don t have the words for what we want to express to our Father in 
Superb!. I have been meaning to write about this book because it is so remarkable. But I gave my copy to my niece who is studying marine biology. So I 
See No Evil, Hear No Evil, Speak No Evil. If anyone had any doubts as to the relationship between the Saudi royal family and the Bush family, they need to 
One of the Best Books I have ever read. I am not a big reader but I love biographies of the stars. I love to see where they came from 
I was wrong. And right. But skip the salad. I never thought I d write these words: Reason is great.Two-thirds of the way through the book I was sure I 
Investment Science must have. Great book, covers lots of material and goes beyond by using the log utility to portfolio growth. Great buy!!!  
It s about as good a diversion to normal live as they come!. We just listened to this book on CD. We could not stop. We drove around the block 
Good Book. I just finished the book. Not as good as The Pact, but interesting nonetheless. A bit unrealistic but though provoking...I certainly recommend it  
Great Help in Studying Christology. Phillip Yancy does a superb job of bringing the reader face to face with Jesus Christ from a fresh perspective. As Pastors, we must understand 
Faithful Translation of the Word of God. I have studied some Greek and the original texts, and I must say many modern bibles are corrupting the Word of God, no 
Top Book. I am a final year veterinary medical student and this book is fantastic. The procedures are easy to follow and pictures are really great. It reminds me a 
I am Impressed. I got this book for my 10 year old son for his study of Ancient Rome. What a wonderful book. It has the depth of an adult 
Build products not devices. You have to build complete products a product is the totality of what customer buys: device, customer service, etc. , you have to dominate a segment 
Quammen on Darwin. This work focuses on the post Beagle period of Darwins life, and although I would have liked more included on Wallace, Lyell,and Huxley, Darwin was the deserving 
Awesome!. I am graduating college in a month and this book is hands-down the best job book i ve ever read  
Dear Swftshadow swftshadow@yahoo.com . are you really an idiot, or just playing one for the Amazon audience?It is important to keep an eye on our justice system so that more 
Fun chick lit read. The author of the Shopaholic series features a workaholic in this hysterically funny book.High-powered London attorney Samantha Sweeting has just learned she has been made partner 
Another good read in the Wideacre series. The Favored Child is the second book in a 3-book series by Phillippa Gregory. The series focuses on three generations of Lacey women 
A literary novel in disguise. I disagree with the casual, dismissive categorization of Jennifer Vandever s The Bronte Project as chick lit. Yes, it has a female protagonist and, yes, 
A collection of Sin City short stories from Frank Miller. Sandwiched between the relatively short Dwight & Miho story Family Values and the massive Hell and Back which is supposed 
travel far -- and get somewhere -- without leaving your chair. A December afternoon in London --- it s depressing just to read those words, much less be there. But 
Peripheral Vision. As the subtitle of his work indicated, Mischa Glenny s work concentrated on the nineteenth and twentieth centuries. He arranged his material chronologi-cally, with geographical subdivisions within the 
Please, read this book now. It will change you. I am pretty picky about books about the southwest, the meeting of cultures, and AIDS, as I find these three areas 
Zenda-A Classic Romance. The Prisoner of Zenda is a fast-paced adventure romance that rewards the reader with clearly defined characters and moral values. If you want a story that leaves 
Lessons for Modern Times. The history of the Peloponnesian is a brilliant account of a classic war that began as a preemptive attack on Athens by Sparta to prevent the 
Loved it. No B.S. is an incredible book and one I would highly recommend to any entrepreneur or business owner. Written in plain English, Kennedy s style is easy to 
Superb Study Tool. This Parallel Bible is very well done. The type is easy to read non-Large Print version and the passages are side by side. There is both a 
great bedtime reading. great stories to read a few at a time, not necessarily in order. they are like a whimsical sherlock holmes with a definite eastern european bent. i 
Buy this book. I ve read Amazon reviews for years, but never bothered to write one. I have to write a review of this book to tell people how wonderful 
easy & practical cookbook. My son is allergic to dairy, peanuts, eggs, wheat and gluten - I love this cookbook because it recognizes that different kids have different allergies. If 
Can We count the Years. It might be prudent for me to say that the first century a.d. and the 1st b.c. are the same year. there is not year 
Fabulous. This book is a great source of information on natural alternatives to improving your help. Very helpful and a great read, must buy.  
This book changed my life. I was introduced to this book as a part of a required reading course. I use its precepts probably every day in some form or 
Outstanding challenge to live a life worthy of your calling. In life, one of the big questions you have to answer is What am I going to do when I 
THE SOUTHERN SISTERS SERIES IS THE BEST AND YOU SHOULD NOT MISS THESE EIGHT BOOKS. OK, OK, I am reviewing all eight books in this one sitting! Anne George wrote 
The facts about Catch Me If You Can . For those of you comparing the literary qualities of this book with Catch Me If You Can , note that Abagnale 
One of my son s favorite bedtime books. I ll admit that I like this book as much as my son does. It s cleverly written and beautifully illustrated.The story 
Frost is cold. This is not a review of this particular edition of Frost s poems. Nor is it a review of the entire corpus of Frost s work. Rather 
A pleasant summer read!. My Family and Other Animals is about a ten-year-old boy named Gerald who moves to the sun-soaked island Corfu, Greece with his family to escape the 
Definitive. I love this book. I got it about a year ago and I read it cover to cover over the course of a month. It makes great bathroom reading! 
Christology of Divine Identity. This is one of those little books that is able to be absolutely brilliant and groundbreaking in very few pages. In this book, Richard Bauckham effectively 
If you re a gun owner, this is a mandatory read. If you hate guns, this is a mandatory read. I ve met John Ross, and he s as real 
my favorite all-time cookbook. I love and collect cookbooks, and as much as I have learned from Julia Child and the delightfully over-the-top Paul Prudhomme, this is the one I 
Wonderful Series. Nora Roberts writing as J. D. Robb has written a great series with the In Death books. This is the first of the series and is absolutely wonderful. 
I love Abby!. I was wandering through BAM one day, hoping to find a GOOD book that I hadn t yet read and saw the title Abby Cooper, Psychic Eye. 
Halleluiah. Thank God for Dennis Lehane. If you haven t read Lehane s illuminated manuscripts then stop what you re doing afer you finish this . Put your mouse down 
Great for Homeschoolers. This book was our 3rd grader s homeschool reading assignment. He is a reluctant reader, so it took him a while to finish it. The vocabulary is 
Great Book. For anyone contemplating moving into either Medium or Large Format Photography, this is a book well worth buying. I have a couple of other books by the duo 
Good Support Workbook. The workbook provided opportunity for the reader to review and meditate on the material provided in it s associated book, The Peacemaker. It should be used in 
One of the top books for sales people. A selection test guy I think his name was Donald Barnett came to our company meeting over a year ago and gave 
death penalty debated. Mr. Grisham s book puts a very personal spin on the death penalty with the interesting twist of having a lawyer turn out to be the grandson 
Great patterns. As a knitter with few decades of experience I find it hard to discover a book with patterns I do not know yet. This is one of the 
nice layout...concepts expressed simply. This is a book that explains basic concepts of landscape photography -- rhythm, proportion, etc. -- in ways that will allow you to easily understand and 
Fun to read out loud!. My daughter and I loved reading this, along with all the other Junie B. books. The humor can appeal to all ages, and Junie and 
Everything you ever wanted to know about US involvement in WWI. WWI is massive in scope and often, non-fiction accounts can be a cumbersome read. Shaara mixes fictional narrative and 
Finding your Way. I thought that I would receive help from my friends after my wife passed away. I had to turn to books for assistance, but found only one 
Didn t Want To Put It Down. I LOVED THIS BOOK. That said, you ll not find all that much that normally passes for entertainment these days - spy stories, 
Dreams and unusual realities. Gaiman is a writer of rich and vivid imagination. This collection of short stories, short fiction and poems demonstrate his talent on every page. Hovering between 
What they don t tell you until you are there. Scott Eblin takes a great approach to describing the traits that you need to let go of and those you 
Doss writes another winner in his Shaman series. Another in James D. Doss Shaman series which began with The Shaman Sings in the mid 1990s. The series started off good 
An Brilliant Contribution to our Field - Read 2-3 Times. Amazon Buyer,The negative reviews puzzle me completely! I can only imagine the readers were expecting something different or didn t 
Understanding me, you, them and the others!. The format and style of this book is ideal for anyone who needs to understand the subject quickly and without too heavy a 
delightfully real. I became an Anne Tyler fan after reading The Homesick Restaurant and The Clock Winder. Homesick is my favorite so far. Morgan s Passing was more difficult for 
Wallbangin : Graffiti and Gangs in L.A. I thoroughly enjoyed this book! The author s research approach and theory are both novel and intriguing. It is a book that will 
a fun way to lear. The head first books are great. Really make learning fun  
here I come. I like this searies because it is a funny series of this book was a excing series of books in every book it teaches you somthing in 
A bloody battle presented from the American viewpoint. Samuel Zaffiri has done an excellent job describing the background, the decisions and the terrific action of the 10-day battle for the 
Best resource in the industry!. Richard Grigonis has made some very complicated technology much more accessible, much more useful with this fabulous piece of work. He s got everything covered, 
Wonderful series. A spectacular,imaginative, hilarious series. Father drowned in a Porta Potty and returned as first a ghoul and then a vampire , kids abducted by giant ants who want 
Talk About A Strong Recommendation. While at the Keller Williams International Realty Family Reunion convention in Las Vegas last month, I had the unique opportunity to have lunch with a 
Informative Dog Reference. I really liked this book. It was really informative and it s such a large book that it covers almost everything I myself needed information about. Great! 
Poetic Prose, but a Little Confusing. Some of the more lyrical passages in this novel are breathtaking, and the basic story line is an intriguing one. However, the plot twists 
Excellent and highly recommended!. I loved Cesar s Way . It is very detailed, well written and a must have for every dog owner. I am sure that you will 
The Perricone Perscription. The Perricone perscription offers a fresh approach to healthy eating. I found that my skin did get healthier, and since the skin is a mirror on the 
Best Ever. I disagree with all of the low scores for this series I m seeing. I guess we all have different taste!I ve been reading Fantasy for 15 years. 
You own the copyright? : . It s in the public domain now, so not sure how you managed that ;  
brings love to a new level. this book... is a treasure. a wealth of inspiration for persons who are waiting for real love. i wish every teenager in the world 
Wonderful!!!!. I checked out this audio book from the Library to listen to on my way too and from work. I found it hard to get out of my car. 
Great Guide. I have owned the book for years and review the text constantly as a Police Academy Training Coordinator. It is a wonderful guide and reference regarding police use 
Humorous and and highly recommended. According to Bruce s definition, I m one of the fortunate and very, very weird writers. Why? Because I m not cranky. Okay, I m 
Bill Clinton is brilliant !. Why did I decided to listen to an autobiography, I still don t know, autobiography s have never interested me before? However, Bill Clinton s 
Anne Rice Delivers. Not a fan of Anne Rice s vampires I found that by incorporating David and Louis with the Mayfair Witch Merrick gave a unique blend. I highly 
New York Times Book Review May 14, 2006. Who Let the Dogs In?Review by PATRICIA T. O CONNERAs we all know, bad boys are more charming than good ones. Naughtiness, 
Details, details, and more details. This very fine book on the painter Velazquez is full of historical details, details of the master s painting techniques, and many photographic details of 
Pretty Good. Myself being a student of Okinawa karatedo and this book being one by the great Funakoshi Gichin himself, I must give it a good rating, because it is 
Best recipes using ingredients from your shelves!. This book is my new bible for everything from the best biscuits my husband has had since his mother s to baking mini 
A good book for investment novices. Though the title of this book leads one to take it as the sequel to the author s first book &quot;If it s raining 
So You Wanna Start a Revolution?. Common Sense is a must read for all citizens of the USA and world seeking liberation from long established regimes. In this short, but 
A New Marketing Classic. Heros and Outlaws should be a new marketing classic. Among the dozen or so marketing books I have read in the past year, this one ranks 
Windbags Who Say This Book is Evil are Big Bozos. I m writing to refute a long, angry review I just read of this book. The reviewer points out the 
Visual History of the world. Excellent synopsis of the world history. Entire world history within two covers is an excellent idea - though it comes with a compromise also - 
A Liberal TRIES to be fair. Oshinsky gives the most complete review of McCarthy s life of any historian. He tries to appraise McCarthy s controveries and does not take 
An excellent volume, both for practical learning and for ref. Nothing impresses native German-speakers more than hearing a foreigner speaking their language in a technically correct manner, and this Schaum 
If you want to work hard look elsewhere, if you want to be hard read on. I saw some of the negative reviews. While they may make some valid points, 
Is this why she committed suicide?. Although at times I consider myself intelligent, after reading The Waves, I must now concede to being mediocre in my intellect. Upon finishing the 
Superb!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. History at its finest and most alluring--that s what you ll find when you read Maureen Ogle s, KEY WEST. This book is so well-written that for the first 
MY OPINION...VERY GOOD READ!. I personally think if your read her previous books on the Harte saga you can understand all the players in this book. I VERY much enjoyed 
A real pleasure. This is a great book to share for all ages. Kids and adults are fascinated by the ingenius pop-ups. A great low tech reminder of the wide-eyed 
great book!!. How would you feel if you were poor and lived on the streets? I know I would be pretty sad. Well that s what Raspberry Hill has to 
PAGLIACCIO. The Liar is the first novel that Stephen Fry wrote and the second of his novels that I have read. Over the last 15 or 20 years he has 
I don t feel superior anymore. Before reading this book, I hated the so called cholos for giving the mexican-american community a bad rep, but I never knew where they 
What s really important. this book is one of those that can change your life. A welcome relief from pop psychology, this book makes you dig down and look at 
Another great installment in a wonderful series!. One of the best things about Alexander McCall Smith s entertaining No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency series is that these aren t really 
An absolute must read on depression. i was introduced to this book by watching the A&E special on Abraham Lincoln. Andrew Solomon gave many insightful thoughts on Lincoln s depression 
Practical Homicide Investigation:Third Edition. This book is a must for any law enforcement professional.It is graphic, with a number of color and black &amp; white photos. It should be used 
Remarkable work, but not for beginners. Being a beginner myself, I can t say that I enjoyed this book as an introduction to the Egyptians. The lack of a timeline 
The unbroken chain... The Book of Common Prayer is the core of the Anglican identity. Since 1662, the standard bearer has been the primary Book of Common Prayer used by 
A Must-Read Book on Human Sexuality. Jared Diamond raises several questions relating to subjects most of us probably have never given a thought to-why men don t lactate, why human 
Strong and Beautiful. Another book by David Almond that carries you along in the story as miracles slowly unfold beneath the surface. The characters are drawn with tenderness and humor 
A Tour de Force Defense of Capitalism. It is truly unfortunate that Von Mises is perhaps the most overlooked 20th Century champion of free market capitalism. His brilliant observations have 
Powerful and problematic... As a journalist, Robert Fisk has a reputation which precedes him, but one might still mistake this title for a history. It isn t. Fisk has authored 
This Book Is Written By A Sales Giant!. Zig is an accomplished sales trainer and his Secrets of Closing the Sale is absolutely awesome and a joy to read.Although some 
Funtastic. Music is fun for play and doesn t always have to be taken so seriously. These well thought-out games are adaptible for so many different moods integrating the rhythum 
You can have Joy.... I just finished the Landmark Educational Forum which had a huge impact on me. Loving what is came to be at the right time following that 
An Herbal Must!!!. Ma Grieve is one of the best reference herbals around. Not only does it give information on each European plant, but also folklore stories. A must for 
This encyclopedia is fun!. I ve wanted this book for ages and finally got it as a birthday present. A real doll to everyone interested in the English language, in 
Very useful. This book rounded out my new customer service training with the perfect activities. There were plenty of options to choose from in each section. There were so many, 
great book. I loved this book. I never had a favorite fairy tale, but after reading this book this with out a doubt my favorite  
Great book!. I purchased this book during late spring 2005 when I was dying to find an easier way to deal with this thick stuff on my head. :- I 
excellent real-life story. I actually cried at the end of this book. I bought it the day it went on sale and read it pretty much into the night. Marta 
A delight - great food, adventure, wonderful pictures and recipes. I had a wonderful experience of things and places I never knew while reading this book. When a book can 
First, set his fans straight, then write a good bio. Given the fact that this biography begins by addressing what Gould was not and how his fans are so often 
Did NOT come with CD!!. I bought this book for a class expecting to get the Book and CD-Rom. Well, I received the book. But with no CD. So, I 
Finally, enough complaining about Big Bad Wal-Mart !. Mike Bergdhal has declared `the pity party is over and has provided a clear and comprehensive outline for operating a successful business 
Harrowing and hopeful. I first spotted this book at a tourist book shop in Phnom Penh and after scanning its pages, I was hooked. It is an immensely absorbing tale, 
Don Juan, in the 20th century. In this title, G.B. Shaw outdoes himself. Not only does he manage to turn up with a Don Juan play in our modern day 
consult this book as preventive medicine. I bought this book for my mother a 60 year old woman with kidney failure , who required to know the exact potassium, phosphorous 
A wonderful contribution. It must be a good season for new perspectives on native experience. Between Mr. Marshall s book and Kent Nerburn s book, Chief Joseph and the Flight 
Best I ve used. I loved this book and CD combination. The CD makes it fun to play the exercises because you can play along with a full accompaniment. The 
Another skeptical masterpiece from Gardner. This book will delight almost anyone who sees the valueof skepticism, but some of the essays e.g. the one oncannibalism will perhaps even move minds 
Iron Lace. The first book I read by Emilie Richards was Whiskey Island, which I thoroughly enjoyed. I was not disappointed when I read Iron Lace. The story is done 
Get this classic back in print!. This is the standard work in the field, give or take some stuff Keynes wrote on risk and capital  
You will never read the New Testament the same way again!. Walter Bauer spent five hours every day of his scholarly career working on this invaluable lexicon. This lexicon will 
Comparing two translations of Journey to the West . There are, at present, two complete versions of the long Chinese comic novel Journey to the West . One of them, 
Required Text on the Syllabus for Beatles 101. If you read nothing more than this book and The Love You Make, you re pretty much set. I don t understand 
Cultural Anthropology for Business. Good insight and enjoyable reading. End of chapter summaries saves time on reviewing the useful information. This should be read by anyone taking a business trip 
Jim Carry. I would recommend the book Jim Carrey to anyone. The book is a little slow at the start because the authordwindles on Carrey s childhood and him struggle 
The one and only... A MUST... In my search for books on USB development, I came across this one... It provides you with an allround experience on USB-spec. 1.0, and 
DMP won over a new fan. To my great surprise, I happened to win a copy of the third Robot book from the publisher DMP a few weeks ago. This 
Here Lies the Librarian. This is a Christmas present. Haven t read it yet. However, the book looks intriguing  
good and exciting. I think Night Fall is an excellent read. It is so realistic, based on a tragic event that happened not long ago. It was hard to put 
One of the best for night-time reading. I cry almost every time I read this book to my 5 1 2 year-old daughter, who is from Hunan. She doesn t...but 
What a great read!. This is a great book for someone who has read the original series and wants some extra background... I ve also used it to get friends 
Ice Cream. Enjoyable reading that showcases Ben and Jerry. Good recipes. Practical advice  
Review of A Single Shard. The book THE SINGLE SHARD is about two friends who live under a bridge by a stream. There names are Tree -Ear and Crane-Man. Tree-Ear 
A Must-Read!. Absolutely a great read from cover to cover. You ll laugh, you ll cry, you ll get angry. But in the end you ll have no doubts that 
The best book on Cambodia under the Khmer Rouge. If you are interested in reading the memoir of someone who survived the reign of the Khmer Rouge, then I can 
For a first novel, this was pretty good!. My teacher lent me The Edge on the Sword, so out of politeness I felt that I had to read this book. 
Anne Rule at her best. I have been an avid reader of Ann Rule since she wrote her Stunning The Stranger Beside Me. To say Ms Rule was shocked to 
Deal with it is great. I bought this book a long time ago and I love it. I recommend this book to everyone and anyone. It teaches you a lot 
The best Karin Slaughter yet. I have read all the Sara Linton-books, and I am finally starting to like them. Faithless moves fast with a very interesting plot, and it 
You Cannot Proceed Without this book!. I am just beginning my mediation practice. This book stays with me all day. It gives practical advice, plus deals with the emotional issues 
Tales of a Trusted Physician. Although I was never a patient of Ralph F. Hudson, M.D.,after reading his health-related reflections and observations, The Other Side, I do feel I have 
An excellent story. The authors give us a fine story, set in the time between the apparent death of Captain Kirk and the beginning of the Next Generation series, with 
Great resource for historians and genealogists!. This book is invaluable for anyone researching royal genealogies and history students. Highly recommend, along with the Mammoth Book of Kings and Queens  
True Stories of Amazing Phenomenons of the Human Race!!. Loaded with photos and Mr. Jay s learned commentary, this book must be the best of it s kind, a celebration 
Pretty good. You know the person who is shy, talks too much, and always puts her foot in her mouth and winds up offending you? Yeah. That s me. I 
didactic support. This book is truly helping me to understand which reactions my own behaviour will provoke and to prepare my reactions to unexpected behaviours.  
Very good!!. A good book for the job seaker. Probably the best stand alone job book that I have read. Good for the college student or someone already with exp. 
Well-Argued & Narrowly Focused. If there is a hell, Hitchens is going there for this book. So said the New York Press in respose to The Missionary Position, subtitled Mother 
Strong interesting biography of movie legend. Clara Bow: Runnin Wild by David Stenn is a fascinating look into the life of a movie icon. I really knew nothing about her 
Early James, still a cut above the rest no pun intended . P.D. James second Dalgliesh novel, A Mind to Murder. was originally written in 1963. The preoccupations of the 
I don t agree with a word he says, but Al Franken is a gifted writer. I ve read many political books - mostly conservative. Michael Savage, Sean Hannity, and 
A method that put me back in buisness. As a professional Actor,Comedian &amp; Singer I ve struggled for years trying to find a method that would give me the power 
Very informative book. This is a great book with loads of informationabout the motrocycle scene and the motorcycle clubs such as Bandidos,Hells Angels Gypsy Jokers and other australian motorcycle clubs.The 
First and Maybe the Best. The Cold War Swap is the first in a long series of excellent mystery thrillers by Ross Thomas. Thomas s first novel was written during 
The most terrible story I ve ever read--five stars,. This is an aweful story--you should read it, absolutely.I dread the turn of every page, so I m recommending it to 
The Best Ever. I was simply overwhelmed by the sweep and depth of this book. It is much more than a collection of essays about Frank Sinatra, Ella Fitzgerald, Johnny 
Favorite Book From Childhood. This way my favorite book when I was in school, and now my son loves it too. Such a nice simple story  
Good for Beginners. I thought this book was very helpful. I had started a new job with no knowledge of PPC and found this to help me understand the basics 
Outstanding. This is one of the best books I ve ever read. I could not put it down. It s terrifically educational regarding the Crusades in France, it s a 
Great educational book!. I was given this book by my aunt who moved to Point Barrow, Alaska to be a teacher there. She gave me this book to teach me 
The Pill Book 12th Edition . This is a great Home family resourse. It seems to be very complete and informative for the medical pharmacy novice  
fine art of the tin can. has great photos, and ideas. it s a great inspirational book  
Surprisingly interesting ;- . I don t know what made me take a look at this let alone read it. It s not normally my type of book and the 
A Mesmerising Storyteller. The title of this review is taken from a quote on McCall from Henry Louis Gates, Jr. I must admit I do like powerful writers who do 
Great way to see when a house was built cheaply. This book has been helpful to me, but perhaps not for the reasons the author intended.I m in the midst 
What a lovely Johnson. B.S. Johnson is the most important writer you ve never heard of. read his books, learn the truth you little cryptorchid  
Fiction? Non-Fiction? Fascinating Either Way. This is not a novel in the most strict of sense, but rather a collection of vignettes of various people and events within the same 
Fascinating and very readable. Many books on the topic of time, calendars, and, in an unsuprisingly related way, papal history have so much to tell given the vast scope of 
Great read. Having not studied Watergate in school I have always been intrigued by it. I highly reccomend this book. Its very well written and enjoyable to read. Its also 
10 Reasons This Book Gets 5 Stars. 1. Learning about the Excuses they give2. The Standards you ve got to have3. How to deal with mixed signals4. The I can 
Securitization:Most important financial innovation in 25 yrs. The Primer offers an introductory read for those wishing to understand the factors that have been driving the securitization process, how it reshaped 
Turn your students into sentence stalkers . This is a must read for any pre-service English teacher or, for that matter, any English teacher. No more correct-alls and sentence diagramming. 
A totally new view. I love this book. Ithought it was very inventive to write from Guenevere s point of view. I liked the stpry better this way as well. 
Life Begins With This Common Sense Approach. If you have struggled with your weight and feel uninspired. This is the book to read. It s all about renewal. It help 
Asking All the Right Questions. Usually I don t like reading the investigative writings of reporters which are so often dry, but Elinor Burkett s writing is anything but dry 
Gemsone Identifications. I feel this is an excellent book to purchase now in learning as beginners, to identify gemstones. It is in color and has a lot of detailed information 
Have some fun. To me this book just screams &quot;let loose, get goofy and silly&quot; you won t find an ordinary sock patterns here, well maybe one tennis sock but 
Disgusting and Discouraging to women. My friend Tommy who I work with at the Shelter reccomended this to me - he is a gay individual - Now I don;t judge, 
this book rocks. this book sucks very badly! as soon as i was on the second page i threw it in the fire place!!  
Moving. Compelling. A captiving tribute to the victims. Jay Bonansinga has painted a picture of The Eastland Disaster that pulls the reader right into the boat, the river, and the 
EXCELLENT End Time Truth. This is a superb book. It is full of information for anyone who wants to start to look into prophecy and it is also great for 
Good for separations techniques. The only review that I can give for the text would be for the separations sections, of which our class concentrated mainly on the distillation regime. 
I have to disagree with the other reviewers. I first looked at the reviews of this book after I d already ordered it. I m glad I didn t read 
Moving and rewarding. Summer s House is a wonderful novel that engages the reader from the first mysterious page. The three leading characters are all intriguing and complex people that 
Great book for thoose who listen to Loveline or don t. The Book Manages to capture the entertainment of Loveline with Celebrity input as well as Dr. Drew s medical 
Finally, a realistic and healthy approach!. A book that is realistic in it s approach and believes in the power of health. Every woman wants to feel and look beautiful 
Another winner from a fantastic author. Julie and Romeo Get Lucky by Jeanne Ray is the sequel to Julie and Romeo. Jeanne Ray s writing is so spot-on accurate, sometimes 
Great series. This begins the best series I ve ever read bar none. the Serpentwar Saga has been read by me over ten times. Can t get enough of it. 
Knowing God is a Classic!. If you have not read this book, you must run and get it now. Dr. Packer s interaction with Scripture displays his biblical literacy and 
Trains!. Lots of new, technical terms for the young child who loves trains and is learning the alphabet. May be too technical for the casual encounter. Good pictures  
&quot;Lonely Wife SpellsTrouble For Hubby&quot;. I loved this story!!! The action is fast-paced and the romance sizzles! Buy this one a nd then buy a few copies for friends they 
Great Book!. An inspiring and well written book that takes the guess work and mystery out of creating your own fabrics. Mickey s style is user-friendly, approachable and encouraging. The 
Fun to Read-Well Organized-Great to Use Seperately Chapter by Chapter. This book is a really easy-to-read, practical book for those who want some fun ideas on how to share leadership 
Disturbing. This is a disturbing book that tells a disturbing story. Since other reviewers have done a great job providing a synopsis of the book I will go right to 
Simply Wonderful!!. I read this book in just a few hours. It was simply wonderful! It was a freshing page turner  
An Excellent Resource For Parents. Kathy Kater s book is full of clearly-written, practical advice for parents who are concerned about their child s body image. She writes not only 
A GREAT BOOK !. THIS BOOK I COULD NOT PUT DOWN! Emily Evans went to Bible School and answerd the her God given calling. By starting a parish in a 
Brutal, Yet Interesting Read. I am going to refer to the original text version written by Adam Smith: This was absolutely a brutal read; however, it was more or less 
The Master Text. Of course, this is the master text for any true karateka.  
Must read this book, must read it!!. Silberstein and Maser have written a must-read book for anyone interested in local community-planning with a definite sustainability twist. I read it for 
A Great Sequel to Jurassic Park. This novel was amazing. It is just as good as Jurassic Park and I recommend it to anyone who loved Jurassic Park. This novel 
Wow. I have not always been a big reader, most books were so boring to me that I wished that I never had to read them or force myself to 
A Madame Butterfly type theme with a twist. Forester brought his characters to life, however the plot development and character contrast development was a bit lacking. I didn t quite 
An excellent primer into the world of radical politics. The Politics of Social Ecology: Libertarian Municipalism by Janet Biehl. Biehl s previous work looked at the convergence of ecological and 
A good start!. This book gives a good start into portrait lighting. It covers a variety of techniques and gear. The only thing I wish were different is to see 
Great collection of pop culture tidbits.... If you like S,D&CP, you will love this too. There are always parts where I find the things Klosterman is writing about is picked 
A Score on Fire. The score is wonderful to follow along with. As easy as it is to follow it is as easy to read. Outlining the entire Ballet, each 
2.718281828459045235360287471352662497757247093699. This is a wild book with plenty of laughs in each chapter. The writing is top-notch throughout and the author clearly has a unique and wacky sense of humor 
Branding for the rest of us. I am not a CEO, owner, entrepreneur, SVP of marketing, nor do I work in a company struggling to turn a fourth-tier brand into 
Brilliantly. This may seem odd, but to those of you interested enough to read reviews of this short book of essays on Wagner written nearly 40 years ago, my first 
I love Natalie!. Yes, the book is repetitive. But it didn t bother me much because I got to learn more about the star I ve admired for so long. 
High-quality satire is it OK to say high ? . Author James Finn Garner has fashioned a very funny book, purportedly written as an antidote to the sexist, ageist, sizist, 
This is simply a good book. I use this book at school for a class called &quot;golf course organization and maintenace.&quot; It is geared directly to golf courses. The fact 
Get some perspective. Rob Taylor and Henry Barber s epic on the Breach wall of Kilimanjaro is one of the great stories of mountaineering history. Part of that is because 
Just as wonderful as the Toddler Busy book. I ordered the two books together and they are highly recommended. Ms. Kuffner doesn t repeat much in the books so it 
Over 1,000 pages of education. At over 1,000 pages of information, this book looks very intimidating. It s so fascinating, however, and so well constructed, that the pages go by 
A Whale of a Tale. Historical fiction Hollywood style - circa 1957. Film director James Whale Frankenstein and Bride of Frankenstein suffers from mental erosion as a complication from his 
Excellent interdisciplinary study. In Strickland s previous book, American Composers, he demonstrated a broad knowledge of various musics he had written extensively, for example, on Glenn Gould and John Coltrane 
Amazing. When I found out Nicholas Sparks was writing a nonfiction book, I have to admit I was a little disappointed....there was just something about being curled up in a 
A favorite rendition of the classic fairy tale. The kids just hoot when they see the biggest and meanest billy goat gruff dressed like a motorcyle dude in his leather 
Finally a book that looks on children left behind!. This book gives insight into the lives of children who live in transnational households in the Philippines. It illustrates the child 
If you need to learn about Gems, this is your book. I can t believe how much information is in this book. I am just learning about gems. There are 
Art Marketing 101. This guide to art marketing is especially usefull for the individual artist. Concise, precise, very user freindly with plenty of usable advice on getting into the marketplace 
Finishing Becca. I very much enjoyed this book. You learned a lot about the revolution and it had a wonderful story line. The only thing I found in the story 
Chilling. For years I only knew the classic film adaptation by director Roman Polanski. Reading this book, I was struck by how faithful Polanski s adaptation was. Most of the 
Worth the price. There are three great essays in this book that make it well worth the price. They are: the essay on Baptism by L. Gregory Jones; Contemplation by 
Oh Amelia...We Love You So!. This book in the series finds Amelia Bedelia and her employers going camping...as always Amelia s literal minded approach means lots of misunderstanding between what 
A Great, Fast Read. Acceleration by Graham McNamee is a great read if you are looking for a fast-paced and exciting book. From start to Finnish I never put the 
Interpreting Bach at the Keyboard. Thank you to Paul Badura-Skoda for this very excellent and helpful book  
Studies in tape reading. The book is illustrative, it will give a good sense about what to check in the tape and how to use the information obtained from it.It 
For Those Who Enjoy a Dose of Involuntary Laughter! . Why do I love The Onion compilations? Because I can begin browsing through an edition in a bookstore with the 
The Bodhisattva s Way. While it would be hard to find something to say that hasn t already been said this will be an attempt none-the-less to praise this work 
The Standard Work on the Holocaust. After nearly half a century, Hilberg s monumental work continues to be the standard work in the field. Hilberg s research methods, his attention 
Make a plan,work the plan,and keep your eyes&amp;ears open. The Fortune Sellers is an extremely well researched and written book for anyone who prepares or uses forecasts. This book reviews 
Amazing!. This book has adrenaline written all over it! Michael Crighton did an excellent job of keeping readers on their seats. I was blown away. Not only did his novel 
The Best Pregnancy Book of the 5 we used. The greatest strength of this book is the week-by-week format. It outlines specific changes that are pretty close to exactly as 
Where history ends and myth begins... This is a good book for anyone interested in how Mel Gibson s film relates to the Jesus of history, and the editors generally 
Loved by boys and girls alike. This is a wonderful book whose story-telling and illustrations hold the attention of my three- and five-year-old son and daughter with no trouble at 
Great!. I don t think I ve ever seen a book get 100 positive reviews with as many as this one has had, and there s a good why it 
One of King s Best. Masterfully thought out & written. Not your usual supernatural, horror King story. Written in 4-5 completely different chapters there is some supernatural, but it begins 
love this book. this book is a lifetime movie if one was ever written.great plot and character  
None other compares to Jane Eyre. If you have never read this great work of art, then I can only say that once you do, you will never come across 
Books Are The Key To Learning To Read. Nothing and I do mean NOTHING progresses a child or an adult for that matter along in terms of their reading and 
OMG!!110000111. I just wanted to be a size zero and make my friends jealous!!! I didn t want to do anything good for me or the planet!! These gurlz are 
eye catching. This sturdy little journal is compact, fun and good quality. It s so cute ... I can t bear to write inside. Maybe with a pencil.  
great book. A Girl Named Disaster was a very good book. In fact it is a Newberry Award Winner. It lets you travel to Africa without leaving home. The book 
Rave Rave Rave. I have raved about this book to everyone I know. Actually there are two in the series. As a parent, it feels good to give my child 
A fundamental text!. The multifaceted and dynamic world in which we live obligates the actual management to act and react with leonine fierceness, his capacity for being actually in the 
How life changes in one AK-47 moment. Quin has an appealing writing style and writes on issues of great import. They say you should write what you know, and write 
A radical Jesus. We have all been fooled! That was the feeling I had when I put down Jesus and Nonviolence. Jesus is not the weak, nonpolitical, do not rock 
Revisionist history of a great director. Orson Welles is often cited as the classic example of an artist who peaked too early. His great work for the Mercury radio theater 
Great Christian Fiction!. I m a new Terri Blackstock fan, but she has me hooked now! I love the way she manages to get the message of Christ into each 
Warm and wonderful. This book brought tears to my eyes the first time I read it. It is warm and comforting. A wonderful message for children that their mama will 
A good summary of the history of Paganism in Europe. This is a survey about the history of Paganism in Europe since Roman times.There s some material about the traditional 
The most accurate book I ve ever read. Now, first, I want to say that this is the FIRST Star Wars novel I d ever read when I read it 
Good techniques, but must skip the lengthy explanations. The techniques, tips and basic explanations are great. Amazingly, you can teach yourself to significantly improve your drawing just by reading this 
A Cookbook in Reverse. Asian Ingredients is a cookbook in reverse. The familiar formula dictates that a little of the cookbook is dedicated to some cultural background titbits and a 
Easy reading and full of useful info. I ve used visual quickstarts books to get up to speed quickly on HTML, Photoshop, and CorelDRAW and they ve always been a 
Mixed Bag. Mr Oppenheimer s book has some interesting ideas in prehistory of SE Asia and counter againist an entrenched European centric view of civilzation and shows some good evdiance 
delicious and mysterious love story... Like water for chocolate is not a voluminous novel, but it is memorable. Laura Esquivel managed to connect the magical realism in an easy form, 
The Parrot Problem Solver. This is a great common sense approach to parrot behavior. Excellent reading with many great ideas  
chemistry---addison-wesley. Completely pleased. Book in great condition-just as advertised. Arrived quickly. Will use again  
health guru to the gods. dr. phil maffetone should be--and will be-- a household name. his balanced approach to living well will keep all followers out of harm s way. 
Intended audience -- do you fall into that category?. Brame s Come Hither is really for those who are looking to either spice up their love life or those who 
A wonderful book!. The Little Pear stories are fabulous. My four year old loves them and we read them over and over  
Pictures are really clear, simple to learn from. The pictures in this book make learning anatomy a lot more fun. The section on bony landmarks is excellent. The section on 
Great content...poor quality. The storyline and history lesson was linked together very well by Evan Thomas and he obviously did a tremendous amount of research to allow us to get 
Great!. This book has so much info in it it will blow your mind, Great especialy the part on rencarnation  
Great read. Very Fascinating possibilites for the future. This book was very informative, for future efforts in Nanotechnology. Mr. Drexler put a lot of though on the Assembler aspects. I 
Classic Communication Theory Text - Buy Two Copies. This is one of the best technical theoretical books I have ever read. It sets the example for teaching the fundamentals of 
Useful for Thorough Investigation. I m taking a 14 and 15 year old through the book. It s hard sometimes to know if the teens are getting it. Both have 
Heartwrenching account of a wife s devotion. Susan Bluestein Davis is an amazing woman. While allowing the reader a no-holds barred account of her husband s life, she tells the 
The Strongest Strong s Exhaustive Concordance, Value Price: 21st Century Edition Strongest Strong s . This book is a great reference tool to the Bible  
Written by James Randi-type person from American Physical So. That the society is rife with pseudosciences was not surprising at all. After all, about 45 of people in US believe 
Gator Cleans House. This book is about a a little alligator that is named Gator. His friends want him to come outside to go swimming and play, but Gator can 
Insightful. The Day Dixie Died isn t just somebody s opinion about what happened after Lincoln was shot. It is a compilation of excerpts from diaries, letters, and newspaper articles 
The listed title of this book is wrong. The correct title is &quot;The Vulcan Academy Murders&quot;, and it is one of the best Star Trek books out there. A great 
Good overview of antebellum slave life. Slavery is the great blight of American history, the stark contradiction of the freedoms on which the country was founded. In part because of 
Love, Work, and Play --. I was a Kinko s coworker for many years, and though I ve moved on to other things I still refer to the Kinko s 
A Happy Baby for Sure!!. We just received this as a gift for our almost 7-month old son, and he grins from ear-to-ear as soon as we open it up! 
a gift for honeymooners. This little book manages to evoke more passionate emotions, word for word, than anything else you ll find. You ll be confused, frustrated, awed, elated, broken, 
Excellent account of Webb and the collegiate running scene. Chris Lear has done it again! Following an exellent debut with Running With the Buffaloes he comes back with Sub 4:00 
excellent resource!. I came across this book while looking for another title at my library. Even though this book is more of a reference guide, I read it from cover 
With black-and-white photographs of Renaissance era art. The Pagan Dream Of The Renaissance by academician and Western esoteric traditions expert Joscelyn Godwin is an informed and informative exploration of how 
Jesus reaches out to us no matter where we are. Jesus in the Margins by Rick McKinley is a good read about how Jesus reaches out to the outcasts of 
Newt, You re No Ben Franklin. I mention Newt Gingrich only because he has posted his own review of Benjamin Franklin: An American Life . Newt s review resembles himself: 
Get Started Quickly. This is one of the best beginning books on Japanese that I ve seen. Mr. Demente s learn 100 words theory is fantastic. If you re going 
Coins or golden locks? Coins or... George Eliot, a.k.a. Mary-Anne Evans, was a popular novelist in her time, which has immediately made her books classic reads in schools, libraries, or 
This deserves to be enshrined among the classics!. This was a story which I had read as a child, and, unfortunately, forgotten about. Someone recently mentioned it, and I could 
bring your imagination. If you have a small child who is not crazy about books, try this one. I have yet to read it to a kindergarten class who was 
Insightful!. As a consumer group, women represent an enormous opportunity, but chances are your company is missing out on them. Author Martha Barletta says most marketers fail to capitalize on 
how this compares to other flipping books. i have three flipping books, this one, one published by atlantic, and also The Beginner s Guide to Real Estate Tax Lien and 
Fascinating!. Simply an awesome book. Even if this is not even close to your area of interest, you should read it, just for the hell of it, as it is 
Great!. Nora Roberts never disappoints her readers. Her books are filled with humor, romance, intrigue and, in this case, a little bit of the supernatural. Loved this book, and the 
Show-Biz Surfer. Disturbing portrait of an entertainer who glided effortlessly across the national scene for some thirty-five years, whether on stage, screen, or poly-vinyl. All in all, it s not 
botany in several months. This book lays out the general approach through which a beginner can make sense of the vast amount of information he or she faces in learning 
Vol. 13 -- More Action, Some Plot Advance. Volume 13 continues the Mahora Festival School Arc which won t end the first part of Volume 18 for the record . 
A Must Have For All Parents. There are scads of studies linking the ability of children to read well with all kinds of other things: future academic achievement, success in 
The Mystery of the Flight Incident. A charter is going from Hong Kong to Denver. Suddenly there is a problem, the plane dives and passengers are discomforted. TPA 545 makes 
Exceptional Book. This book is a must read! Reguardless of where you are in the debate, you will find this book very well done. Please note that most reviews either 
I find I listen again and again.... Eckart Tolle is wonderfully charming and to the point with his examples of living a life of presence moment awareness or not, as 
It was okay. In the book, If You traveled on the Underground Railroad, it tells you how fugitives got the Underground Railroad started and what they did on the way. 
Hollywood = Dante s Inferno ????. ....To read Nathaniel West s description, it would seem so.Every character in this novel of 1930s Hollywood is a greedy scoundrel. Every character is 
An appetizer, but not the ful meal. This tape set by Brian Tracy is an abridged version of the program by the same name that Brian did for Nightingale-Conant and 
A must-buy!. I ve only read the first 49 so far about 1 7th the total and I m blown away. My original thought was to read one at a 
Its Great!. I love Elmore Leonard and The Hot Kid lived up to my high expectationswith its sparse prose, quirky characters and plenty of action. Myonly disappointment is that the 
You ll be testing your dog s intelligence in NO TIME. The Intelligence of Dogs by Stanley Coren takes a unique approach to assessing the intelligence of our canine companions. 
wonderfully informative and practical. I was captivated by this book from the beginning.First she explains the differences between learning disabilities and normal variations in learning styles.Then she deals with parental 
Can t find the book. Even though I have rated this book, I have never read it. Why? Well its for the simple fact that I can t find it 
Good, but gets off the point. I love baseball. In fact, outside of my wife and family, I cannot think of anything I love more than baseball.That said, I am 
Packed with adventure and Peter H. Reynolds simple, fun drawings. Megan McDonald s JUDY MOODY: AROUND THE WORLD IN 8 1 2 DAYS tells of Judy, proud of her rhyming 
NO STOPPING ME NOW!. For about eight years I have had a fabulous idea for a novel which I shall not reveal here! but I had no idea where to 
Good read, some flaws. This is the 3rd book in the Mitch Rapp series, and the 4th overall in Flynn s version of DC. I was glad to get some 
A Spiritual Journey - A Book For Our Times. A valuable working tool on self-improvement and achievement. This book is beautifully written with authority, compassion and knowingness of the human 
God The Ingenious Alchemist: Transforming Tragedy Into Blessing. Wonderful perspective by John Claypool on living out our daily lives with hope  
Very, very good. This book tries to break the average guitar player out of just playing scales and more towards playing intervals. It shows you how to take something like 
One of my favorite authors. &quot;Having It All&quot; came to me at time in my life, when I really needed some guidance on how to treat my significant other to 
The Adventure Continues!. The adventure continues with the Scarlet Pimpernel back in France again to rescue innocent people from the guillotine. This book lacks nothing in adventure, excitement, and plot. 
Good book to help children deal with feelings!. My 6 year old daughter loves the books by Elizabeth Crary. She likes that there are different endings to the story, depending 
This is an excellent introduction to Adam Smith s ideas. I am sure that anyone interested in the history of ideas will enjoy reading this book for its clear exposition 
Best all-around guide to Yellowstone s trails. This guide lists 109 trails, organized by region and sorted into short, medium, and long hikes. Like other Falcon guides, it provides maps 
Indespensible Advice. Three things that I really appreciate about this book, are its candor, practicality, and humor. One very rarely finds a 19th century man who could communicate truths like 
An excellent entry point into the world of Tomas Merton. As a Catholic monk living in the United States during the turbulent second world war and the sixties, Tomas Merton 
History with Spunk. here s a sentence in the book:Virginians were also angry at Royal Governor Sir William Berkeley, whose high-handed, high-taxing ways they despised and whom they believed was 
I agree!. I m a person that is in love with the IDEA of radio, but I almost never listen to it because most of what I can get is 
Everything you want and need to know. Even if you are a crochet expert, you will find this book useful. Answers just about every question you can think of from 
First time McCorkle. Carolina Moon was my first venture into work by Jill McCorkle, but it certainly won t be my last. I loved the characters in this book: Quee, 
Ausome Product. This ia a cool book. It shows you step by step how to do about anything you want. It answered my questions and taught me more. It follows 
A Fascinating History of Witchcraft and Demonology. The History of Witchcraft and Demonology by Roman Catholic priest Montague Summers provides a fascinating account of the influence of Satan on the 
Outstanding Book!!! It s hard to put down once you start....... I have read thousands of books on a variety of topics and scores of books concerning UFOs Flying Saucers 
An Ocean In A Hole-In -The -Sand St. Augustine? . Mister God, This Is Anna is an enchanted little book which presents to us the very large in the very 
A good alternative. This book is exactly as it is decribed, and if you are waiting for the next Chuck Palhnniuk book but need something to read right now- this 
I want more Tuf! Martin should have kept going with this series!. Originally a collection of shorts published in Analog magazine as a continuing saga, Tuf Voyaging is all the 
Wasserstein Writes on Life of Women .... AND MEN. The finest, funniest, most satisfying collection of essays on contemporary life currently available in the English language  
AMAZING!!. Typical John Grisham...exciting and very fast paced. One of his best. A great insight to what Sam is feeling and going through before being executed and the effort his 
Includes vintage photos as it traces the little-revealed struggles of Prudence Crandall and her students. Protestors broke school windows, put manure in the school well, pounded the doors with clubs, 
In The Eyes Of The Beholder. It has been said that beauty is in the eyes of the beholder. Now it would appear the same can be said about science. 
I loved this book. I enjoy British psychological fiction. Have for years. But I d never heard of Eliz Ironside before this title. After reading Death in the Garden, I 
Sweet childre s litterature. This is the original Winnie-ther-Pooh. The one you fell in love with as a child, when it was being read aloud to you by your parents 
Guaranteed to Cheer You Up. This book is great. Between the pictures and the sense of humor in the text, you can t help but smile  
Blossoming towards Fullness. I found it very interesting that the book was presented in chronological order. It facinated me, because you could not only see Baxter s progress through the 
The Jew s who fought back. This book tells the largely unkown story of the Bielski Partisans. The only Jewish partisans that fought against the Germans in WWII. There are 
Proposal Writing Advice that Works. The book was recommended to me by a literary agent and after reading through it and using it as an example I can understand why. 
Lenin at his best. This book, along with The Revolution Betrayed by Trotsky is the best repudiation yet of the Big Lie of the 20th Century that Stalinism equals Socialism. 
A must read for those who fallow politics. I really cant sum this book up in 1,000 words. I will make this real short, THIS IS A GOOD BOOK FOR 
There was only one love in my heart ..... And that title speaks vollumes because it was not Robert Wagner, initially, that s for sure. I am writing this review 
Betty and Bunny - another winner. What can I say. A pack of Betty Page postcards of such a small price. A must buy for any Betty Page fans. The 
Languid evocation of Rural U.K. ca. 1900. This is a very good place to commence the life of Sassoon, better known in my country as a great poet of the 
Connelly is the best of the best. There is nobody, and I mean nobody who writes this genre better than Connelly. He doesn t muck up Bosch s life with 
humorous view of life s dark moments. In Naked, David Sedaris explores and makes humor out of all his semi-dysfunctional life experiences. He pokes fun at his family and describes 
The scale model rocketeer s Bible. Absolutely the best resource for scale model rocket building I ve seen. Very little measuring to do, and then only when the data wasn 
A Rambo Bond with mental problem. A complex plot that may keep you hooked, but the main combatant Delta Cain is unbelievebly tough -- he beats up or kills countless 
If You Only Got One..... If you only were allowed to read ONE book on management....seriously...this should be the one you should read. I love books that fly in the 
THE BEST BOOK EVER!. Has anyone tried to seize a right of yours? In the Sledding Hill, the main character, Eddie, endures this seizure, but he takes action. After his 
Recommendation. This book was recommended by my MA thesis advisor at graduate course in English. It gave me valuable insights and ideas to develop my own argument. It s also 
on time and in good condtion. the book came on time and in good condition. I am very happy with the servic  
Great Resource. Buying or selling a business is a significant transaction that should not be taken lightly. When you buy or sell a home, most likely you hire a professional. 
Better than Night . A wonderful book with great insight into the moral dilemnas of conflict and Israel s fight for independence.  
Is there a role for a hero in the post-modern world?. I first read Raffel s Beowulf in college and over the next thirty years have read it at least 
Epic tale of 1700 s England and France as bold as Les Liaisons Dangereuses but with more finesse...and viciousness. Not since Gone With The Wind, The Count Of Monte Cristo, 
Pragmatic Process Improvement!. The numerous examples, cases, graphs, and templates give the reader the tools to start the improvements in his or her own organization. Furthermore, the book is fun 
even just reading it is a redemption. This book, Styron s finest, is about redemption. Heralded by the epigraph from John Donne, the intricately structured tale with its Marlowian manipulations 
Help is here!. So this is what motivates Gen Xers! This is an outstanding book, especially the chapter about 21st Century challenges. The content about telecommuting, matrix management, appraising when 
Best of Seuss. A fun book for kids, with some deeper insight as well. When you go beyond Zebra,Who knows...? There s no tellingWhat wonderful thingsYou might find yourself spelling! 
Worthy of the highest praise. This is what we think about when we think about great writing. How can one person know so much about ourselves and everyone? Carver has 
Read this book!. Everyone should read this book! It s truly revolutionary and fascinating. It will change the way you think about animals and yourself. The things animals do to 
A Recipe for Programming. This book opened my eyes. I d finished a Ph.D. in computer science, and had a decent exposure to quite a few programming languages and paradigms, 
A great new series begins with a bang!. Colton Parker has just lost his job as an FBI agent after losing his temper and beating up a criminal. Colton Parker 
Heart Health. This is a good book for all people!! You learn a lot and gain more facts about health. I would give it 5 STARS!! Get this book! You 
Better Than The Film. The reason for wanting to read this book came from seeing the film Capote . It is completely riveting and a must have for any home 
The Seven Wonders of Sassafras Springs- Great book!. I absolutely loved this! There was nothing offensive in it!I think it would make a great family read aloud! I am home-schooled 
The Book - Becoming Vegan . This is an excellent book for beginners who are thinking of turning the tables on vegetarianism, & following a strickly non-animal product diet. I 
Put Your Hope in the Law. A big book on the big topic of how do we all get along by one of the biggest of living philosophers.I ll not 
Wonderful Amish novel. I can t wait for the next installment......This one was great!!!  
From another Professor... I have used this book in a course I teach in a Web Development Curriculum at a Community College. The material is directly on target with many 
Thank you Darla. Darla Shine is amazing!! She speaks for every smart woman who has the courage to be there for her family. She writes how there is NOTHING wrong 
So orginal it s hilarious!. &quot;Why not write a cartoon book that doesn t bother with a main character and where each joke is totally different from the next?!&quot; That 
Great book on Paul. Hays is obviously currently the premier Pauline scholar. This book shows why  
This is a timeless masterpiece!. While memoirs and autobiographical works can be less-than-pleasing at times, this book rises to the top of pile to shine for more than fifty years. 
mahimahi = dolphin?. On page 32, Rommelmann says that Mahimahi is a beautiful blue dolphin, native to Hawaiian waters no, not Flipper, which was a porpoise , with fleshy... and 
The Arms of Zion. Detailing the evolution of the Israeli Defence Force from its pre -world war one beginning as a private company of guards Ha-shomer , through its War 
An Easy Read. Dean Koontz s Frankenstein books, each of which are co-authored by other writers, are entertaining, quick reads. While I am looking forward to the next installment, and 
The Accidental President Revealed. John Tyler was referred to derisively as The Accidental President. Why? He was the Vice-President elected as Old Tippecanoe, William Henry Harrison, became President. Within a 
Great primer on Bruce Lee. I wish this book could have been longer and more in-depth, but I still enjoyed it immensely, primarily for the countless pictures from the Lee 
Best Herbal Reference. This is the most complete reference for herbal medicines that I have seen.It contains many common names as well as Latin names. Being a Certified Pharmacy Technician 
Moving and poignant. A Blessed Event is that special kind of book where the writing is as enjoyable and involving as the story itself. The novel is, at its heart, 
A Good Book. I read this book in fifth grade once for a book report. Once you get into it, you can put it down.It is about a Navaho girl 
A great guide for our college bound youth. Mr Wheaton seems to understand a very fundamental problem that we all share. We are, regardless of whether we believe it or 
The best book ever on our primate past. This is by far the best book I have read about the behavior of primates, including humans, with regards to violence, genocide, 
TURNING DREAMS TO REALITY. Living paycheck to paycheck I thought that there was no way to save any money for our future. PAY YOURSELF FIRST helped me realize that I 
At last a realistic approach to Jesus. This wonderful book now over 25 years old, is intelligent, learned and easy to read, no mean feat. Fr. Nolan presents Jesus within 
Gotta Love Dottie. Dottie is my fave poet and my literary hero. Wouldn t model my life after hers, but I sure wish I could sharpen my tongue to match 
Great Book! Food for daily thought and well worth your purchase. Vickie is amazing. Her story is amazing. She writes her book from the other side of accomplishment of fears, 
All by itself. This is a good novel. If you are a regular Gemmell reader it has many of the things that make his novels enjoyable, but it is also 
An incredible description of one man s journey. Steve Kuusisto gives a moving description of growing up with visual impairments and how he learned both to live with his disability 
Sex, Violence, Betrayal, Ninjas. Too many reviews to compete with here, so I ll keep it short: this was a rollicking read. I can t wait to read the next 
Lakota society in the late 1800 s. Walker knew the Lakota and was careful to try to be accurate, but he also was pressured by the Bureau of Ethnology to 
From a &quot;grown up&quot; point of view. I am 26 years old, but I love kids books still and an old favorite is Judy Blume. I have read every word 
Great War book!. This book should be required reading for military acadamys. To the Last Man is Jeff Shaara s epic novel of World War One. Most people are very 
Not just extraordinary, it s amazing. At first sight, this is a gorgeous book. It exhibits historical maps made in nineteenth century America, and the reader might expect a reverential 
Outstanding Commentary. Andreas Kostenberger has provided us with a genuine treat in his new commentary on the Gospel of John. This commentary is in the Baker Exegetical Commentary on the 
great book out of the gate for a brand new author. Spencer Tillman s first book, Scoring in the Red Zone, is a strong book out of the gate for 
Excellent Service. Fast service and product arrived just as described. Thank you very much  
THE guide for tech marketeers and managers. It s a very simple and clear framework to keep in mind, with VERY practical results in day-to-day activities of product management specially 
My Favorite Book. I got this book on a trip to the East Coast when I was ten years old and fell in love. It was my favorite book during 
excellent, informative, illuminating. This is a premier text for the fields of astromony and comsmology. Thorough, deep, professional, concise, technically and scientifically accurate, but also, imaginative, filled with the wonder 
Book of wood knowalge. All I needed to know, Plus much more.Easy way to learn the tips and tricks of turning.All turners should have a copy on hand  
CD on Learned Optimism is good supplement to book. If you are interested in how optimism can be learned, Seligman s book CD is a great resource.  
Greene s masterful debut. Francis Andrews is on the run because he informed against a gang of smugglers of spirits - of which he used to be a member - 
The first in a long line. Daggerspell is the first of a series of -thus far- 13 books. If you start, start with the first one. In some series it 
Adam is Good: Hetty Is A Flirt: They Have No Choice. When George Eliot published her first novel ADAM BEDE in 1859, unknown to her reading public, she had just 
Queene Exam. I had to read this for an English class, and I must say, it was sheer Hell. After I began to understand it, however, I came to admire 
Makes you wanna do it too... I was lucky enough to read this book when I was fiddling with the idea of starting my own business. The stories of other 
Wonderful Reading. This is not a review but an urgent request to find the most recent book published by Thomas Y. Canby, Sandy Spring Legacy. This is the legacy of 
Jack and Annie in Australia. Jack and Annie are in Australia. The only reason they re in Australia is that Teddy the dog has a curse on him. Jack and 
a must-read classic. Rebecca , the book that gave Daphne du Maurier immortality, has all the features of the novel of its time. Balancing on the thin, invisible line between 
This is a great book. I spent several days deciding whether or not to purchase this book because some of the reviewers on this site hammered it pretty hard. I 
Excellent, insightful work. as a psychologist, i have found this book to be a wonderful resource. i have used it with many patients who have been on the giving or 
Different Persuasions on the Subject. This is a good study of the problem thirty years later. There s nothing to be done now, as it has been perpetuated by those 
Good reading for a internet buff for history. Great book and I read twice. Mr. Clark is an eccentric personality but not greedy like other ones in Sillicon Valley.This is 
Good Baby Shower Gift. I give this book as part of my baby shower gift to new parents.It gives new dads ideas how to interact with their new babies. I 
Excellent Book!. This book looks at ancient history in a way few have considered. What were the giants that are talked about, not only in the Bible, but mythology as 
An important account. An epic account of the Gypsies. Although shallow on some details and not current enough in terms of looking at contemporary populations this survey of Gypsy history 
Beautiful record of Robots evolution. If you are a fan of the Art of Pixar books, Robots is easily on par. It has some of the most talented, amazing and 
Good Book, but Out of Date. I wish Elliott Massie had updated this book since writing it in 1995. It is a useful book, but there have been many improvements 
Great book if you re completely new to programming. The author is a great teacher, does an excellent job teaching absolute beginners basic programming concepts and how these concepts relate 
A must read for anyone who loves herbs. Ms. Hutchens has put together an amazing collection of herbal uses from the First Nations. This is one book that should be 
Nice Selection - Interesting Read. I have purchased a lot of blackjack books and played with a lot of systems. I totally enjoy getting different perspectives on strategies and trying 
Good books. I have just finished this book. I have read all of Vince Flynn s previous books and I have enjoyed all of them. If you are looking for 
Marlowe Chandler Is Back!. I just finished re-reading The Little Sister for the fourth time. I highly recommend this book, and even more, I recommend reading the Marlowe novels in 
great book for kids. This book is derecated to kids on there frist day in the bus  
Going where few have gone before. I was immediately fascinated by the title of this book as I have spent time in Haiti surrounded by voudou very prevalent and a 
More Than Anything Else by David M. More than anything else I want to learn to read. But for now, I must work. More Than Anything Else is a true 
A laugh a minute. Fantastic, fantastic, fantastic. I bought this book to read on a flight from the UK to Australia and it had me laughing so loud I was 
One of White Wolf s Best RPG s. What can be added to what others have written? Its well written, well researched and fun to play. It combines the best 
thought-provoking and practical. I found this book excellent for expanding one s intellectual arsenal of problem-solving skills. As the author himself admits, no single person will benefit from all the 
A deeply moving child novel. I first read Miss Hickory in second grade. It brought tears to my eyes but it also made me smile. Miss Hickory spurred my interest 
Essential Minerals and Vitamins... for those that yearn to understand presidential politicss impact on race & the shortcomings of the individuals that are so often placed on a pedestal--unjustly. To 
one in the hand beats two in the bush.. oh my! Lauren s hilarious book hits right on the money in her game comparison of men to fowl. When you 
Great Read. Even though this book is probably written for young teens, it s still a great book for adults. Well written and fun to read  
Transcending gender and age... A short book born of an expanded speech to a high school graduating class, Maria Shriver has penned a gem for females and males alike. Additionally, 
Fascinating Book from British point of view... This is actually the best book you can find on the epic battles fought on Gallipoli. Simply beacuse the Turkish sources fail to 
West of Kabul, East of New York: An Afghan American Story is a good read. A friend who is working in Kabul suggested that I read this book. Another friend 
The Translation for Our Times........ Simply the best translation of the Tao Te Ching available. Stephen Mitchell has done us all a great service by bringing this ages old book 
Surprised by the Clarity. I ve never been a big fan of either Hogan or Leadbetter. For me, Hogan s ideas always seemed too narrow and dogmatic, tailored to his 
Super Good Book!. I have this book for intermediate students and also have the one with red cover for beginners. Initially bought this and other books to review grammar for 
A very telling and honest account of the deep south. The photographer does an excellent job of using his subject to tell his thoughts. By keeping some photographs on a 
The Reptile Room. In the Series of Unfortunate Events there are three regular children:Violet, who loves to inventKlaus, who loves to readand Sunny who loves to biteViolet is the oldest, 
Bravo. I read The Things They Carried several years ago but just now got around to reading another of O Brien s novels. I liked them both so I have 
Everything AND The Bathroom Sink. While watching Jeopardy in his New York apartment, Howard Mitla hears the sound of a finger tap-tap-tapping in his bathroom sink. Is it coming from 
Great Book!. I am 13 years old and I just finished reading this book. I got interested in programming after playing some of my favorite games, and so this is 
The Dance of Life. New Easy Women is so uplifting -- it makes me feel like I can dance through life! The blend of words and beautiful art are at 
practical analytical tools for relationship jyotish. &quot;Cornerstone analysis&quot; as DeFouw and Svoboda call it, is blessedly simple and a very helpful first &quot;sweep&quot; to start a relationship reading -- before 
Mythology. This book, mythology by Edith Hamilton is a pretty good book for pleasure and it has pretty good information too. The only downside of this book is that it 
Excellent Book for the Beginning Geologist. This is a wonderful book for the beginning geologist or anyone interested in earth sciences. It presents the fundamental concepts of geology in a 
A Fitting Finish to an Astounding Work. I have written a review of the first volume of Braudel s history of the Mediterranean, and here will only say that it 
Like a Reunion With an Old Friend!. Please don t punish me for a brief review, but I think others have done an admirable job of exploring the minute details 
Excellent Reference Tool. This book has helped me out with techniques where pattern instructions have failed. Sure it doesn t have glossy photos, but I ve picked this one up 
5 Stars from me also. As almost everyone before me who did a review on this book I have to give it 5 stars also. Easy quick read and seemed 
Suitable for beginners and advanced students of Yoga. The Hatha Yoga Pradipika is a classical text on Hatha Yoga. Swami Vishnudevananda s book is an easy to understand manual for 
Really fun and spooky stories that made me think!. Ever since I was really young I have been fascinated by the unexplainable. These stories were really cool to read and 
A Book to Treasure. This book is about finally finding your true love and creating a home for him. Anne s House of Dreams is fairly anticlimatic, and does not 
An Unexpected Surprise. The story of Ethan Frome is a wonderful story that pretty much everyone can relate to. A love for something, or in this case, someone, which cannot 
Eve and Roarke ride again. Future cop Lieutenant Eve Dallas rides again to meet a new foe who threatens the one thing she has ever truly cared for. Billionaire Roarke, 
One of the most important book in the history of psychology. In the 1920s Vygotsky had already seen simmilarities between the Old Freud and the Young Piaget, and beguins this 
Great Book. This book was soooooo good, but I suggest that anyone who wants to read this one read the one before this called A Girls Guide to Vampires . 
Great learning starts with knowing you don t know everything. I thought this book was extremely helpsul. It had a lot of common mistakes and cognates that would aid any 
YIPPIE-SKIPPIE, Mrs. Cheney!. With patriotic colors of red and blue, symbolic frames and borders full of educational themed graphics of brotherhood, victories and celebrations, the pages of this book BURST 
Higher sense of being. Magnificient book..takes you to a place where only true art can. Henry James knowledge of the human condition is incredible. His subtlety of thought and ability 
An essential textbook for literary theorists. This massive volume encloses most of the major theorists in criticsm and theory, this book is essential reading for Literary theorists and those people 
Excellent book. In June 2002 I travelled to Florence Italy to study Italian for the summer. My hotel was in the core of the city and on my first night, 
hold on a sec. You gotta be careful with Chesterton. When he s at his best, he can t be beat, but he was also responsible for some clunker novels. 
Hamish Macbeth -- enough said. What is there to say about finishing a Hamish Macbeth mystery? You ve had a delightful read, and the good news is another one sure 
Superb Introduction to Moral Theology. A good book for the layman who wishes to become familiar with moral theology. Easy to read, clear, complete, and useful for spiritual growth  
A work of monumental importance. Creative Evolution is not so much a work, but a milestone in print of a new direction of thought. It is a book that is 
Good advice. This book presents a series of well thought-out and practical points on fiction writing. It is mostly targetted towards the novice writer, but probably most will find some 
Fantastic- A gem out of the past. If you have ever read about life in the south under segretation, you have an idea about how difficult things were for African 
Fell short of my high expectations!!. I say it fell short only because when I got this book I hoped it would delve further into Alice s life, and beyond 
Engrossing read..... I really enjoyed this book. I have an hour commute daily to work on the train and I actually looked forward to it. I really couldn t put 
Straight Up,No Chaser. Mr. Hewitt minces no words in his latest book: Republicans must win big in in the congressional midterms of November 2006 and win back the presidency in 
Powerful, evocative work. The Rwandan massacres seemed to barely make the news cycle in the United States, and while our government shamefully refused to take any action to prevent the 
Wonderful Illustrated knitting patterns. A must have for your knitting library collection.320 fully packed pages of fully illustrated knitting patterns.As per description, Special attention is given throughout to explaining the 
O Brian s Exceptionaly Imagined Seagoing Tale Continues. After finishing this seventeenth installation in the Aubrey Maturin series, I found myself wishing that there were still another seventeen novels to 
Ideas are free, but assets bring wealth... I wonder if the creators of that operating system had this book, would anyone know of Bill Gates or Microsoft; or if Xerox 
Chicken Soup. Warning: Danger of Extreme NostaliaI haven t read a fantasy novel in years. But Dragonlance was always my favorite when I was growing up, and this book had 
Clear explanations. This book describes clearly all the concepts you need to start rolling your AJAX applications. Nice explanations through all the book and examples that will help you to 
Required reading. I was 13 at the time the Nagasaki bomb was detonated and have always wondered about it all. Even when I was in USAF Pilot Training classes 10 
Witty and wonderful!. This book reminded me of Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn. It is so wellwritten. It is full of wit and heartwarming understanding of the workingsof young boys. 
The title says it all. One of the classics on combat shooting by two of the most interesting men that ever worked in law enforcement. Based on practical police experience 
Beauty and the Beast. This is about a successful American businessman in his thirties who leaves the USA, having made his fortune in copper and railroads, to travel around Europe 
when mother s milk turns to brine. This is often a heartbreaking book about maternal abuse and rejection, but it is also about surving tears and trauma. When a child 
Comprehensive in a very American Anglo sort of way. I guess it s to be expected from a book called Geography in America that perspectives outside the American mainstream are 
Foucault and clarity. This is a key text for any of us wrestling with the epistemological change which Foucault created in his own, earlier writing. The work on &quot;governmentality&quot;,for example, 
A Painted House. Fast pace and at times intense. Kept my interest through the entire book  
4.5 stars. I enjoyed this book so much more than the first in the series. I m a sucker for unrequited love stories and If You Desire fits the bill. 
Just Awesome. Technically I should be reviewing the book itself here... lovely print, nice shade of Black, all legible etc... but I think the Musical deserves the real praise. I 
Excellent and comprehensive account of little-known battle. This is a very good account of a sadly ignored part of World War Two -- the campaign by German submarines off the 
contents are good but the printing condition is not good. it was an intresting story...it leaves something to think about life. Mr. Grandet-the vingrower& cooper Eugenie s father- is more 
Meet anybody anywhere. It takes a lot of courage for the average guy to go up to a total attractive stranger in an non-social setting and try to get a 
A Treasure Book. If you want to learn as a novice the tales of Shakespeare, then this is the book to read. A children s novel of his famous plays. 
The Empress Fails to Impress. The Will of the Empress 2005 is the ninth volume in the Circle series. These novels relate the stories of four young ambient mages: Sandrilene 
Written in 1995 - Relevant in 2002. I first read James Kitfield s book in 2000 and have just finished rereading it. I am recommending it to my sons, an 
Poetic. The book was short and very sweet. Though tragic, it was a coming of age for women caught up in superficial relationships. Why is it that we don t 
Essential Reading. Anyone familiar with Lapham s elegant style from HARPER S will need no recommendation to pick up this book. For others, get your hands on a copy and 
Great novel. This is a particular spy novel. If you are looking for action you will be satisfied. Neverless I remeber Berlin in 1983 and later from two sides of 
Excellent. I have ordered two of Stew s books now and each of them have helped me improve my PT scores for the military. I recommend any book that Stew 
MBA textbook. I used this textbook for an MBA Marketing Research class. Very useful complementary textbook  
~Best Book Around Town~. The Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle s series is about a children loving big-hearted lady who is always as happy as can be. Mrs. Piggle- Wiggle is always helping 
Not my will, but His. Our grief workshop leader recommended this book to our group. While it can t answer all questions, it does offer an interesting perspective as to 
Superb Illustarions and Story. This children s book is excellent. The illustrations are somewhat similar to David Kirk s Miss Spider books. The story is rich in colors. Children will 
A delight. Mike Schmidt s love and passion for the game really shine through in this well-written and often funny book. Number 20 s observations on steroids, the Hall of 
Poor Quality Binding. While this book may be a good read, I ll never know because the pages have fallen out of the book like leaves, from the first moment 
I love this book !!!. I absolutelty loved this book. It was a bit long and there was not enough of Rhett, but otherwise an exceptional read. I was so 
Another great installment in the In Death series. Lt. Eve Dallas is catching killers once again in this installment of the In Death series.The story is great, with two identical 
Happy Chang leaves positive message. The story The Smile on Happy Chang s Face really has nothing to do with Happy Chang. The story is about a man named Jack, 
Excellent and clear explanations. Great explanations for Catholics and those wondering about Catholic beliefs. Topics included are where do Catholic beliefs come from , how Catholics understand Church, authority in 
Solid, easy to use. Overall the dictionary was fine. It was thorough enough to have many of the more esoteric theoretical terminology for translation. It is quite large and heavy, 
An odd object, perhaps, but a beautiful one. In terms of quality of writing, the famous cellist might have stuck to his principal art rather than venturing into autobiography. But 
we have invented nothing. If you read this book , and understand the implications ,of what it means, then all our preconceptions ,of prehistoric people are destroyed . As Piccasso 
The Blithedale Romance. Isolation and a refusal to see things straight-on are the main themes of this mildly successful novel by Hawthorne. Narrated by Miles Coverdale who comes to the 
The Young Wan. Brendan O Carroll s The Young Wan shows the beginnings of the matricarch of the Browne Family. Agnes marriage to the Redster is explained in all of 
GREAT Book, but Long title. I saw this book on the shelf at Barnes and Noble, but passed it up with its long title. My bookclub friend who also has 
Tay Gay. Wonderful Insight to Change Lifestyle and Live a Healthy Long Fulfilling Life  
Patterson returns to form. Mary Mary is a step in the right direction for James Patterson s Alex Cross novels following the abysmal London Bridges. I m not a hard 
outstanding story. this book will make you feel, really feel many different and important emotions. it s an outstanding story  
The dark night of the soul. Fragments of Fitgerald here do not really shore up his ruin. The most romantic of American novelists tells the story of why in the 
Essential, thorough and immensely pracitcal guide to OOD. I have used this book in the years since it was first pubished and have reccommended it on numerous occasions.It tackles the 
Excellent ---A Must Have for ALL parents. Dr. Walsh must have known my son. I felt like he wrote this book for my family. His explanations were easily understood and 
Beautiful writing style. Madeline Hunter s writing style is pure joy to read. Even when the plot is not altogether exceptional, her writing is so exquisite that her books are 
The Complete Story Of The Saturn Family. This book is the most complete history of the Saturn launch vehicle family available. Author Roger Bilstein wrote this as an official history 
Excellent. Purchased this book in preparation for the soon arrival of my bulldog puppy. It is extremely informative, with info from chooing the right puppy breeder, to helpful hits about 
Extraordinary work by one of the greatest thinkers ever. An exquisite work which again demonstrates the genius of Seyyed Hossein Nasr  
Classic. I am a tremendous fan of James Lee Burke, first and foremost. I also found this book to continue to earn my complete respect. There will come a day, 
Serendipitous. It is great to have stories about medicine that I wouldn t have known even if I had stayed awake in all those pre-med courses. I enjoyed this book 
boring academic prose but interesting argument. Well, what can I say? It s an academic work read--puts you to sleep , very narrow, that tries to advance the field of 
fascinating read. Very enjoyable book. Frost has a great style -- clear and insightful, but also fun to read. Her text has a really fresh honest vision and is well 
A good guide. I found the book a very good guide and I learned somethings I didn t know before. I believe it did a great job explaining the Catholic 
In the great tradition of British Travel Writers. Over the years, there have been many writers mostly British for some reason who travel the world, writing about what they see 
Improvement. A great improvement on Hal Lindsey s book &quot;The Late Great Planet Earth.&quot; Where Lindsey made things up as he went along, Lorie takes the subject seriously and gives 
Northanger Abbey: Biting Satire That Works. In NORTHANGER ABBEY, Jane Austen satirizes what for her and her late 18th century readers was the Gothic novel. Even before Ann Radcliffe published 
History s Biggest Naval Battle.... This is a superb book. I ve not read yet &quot;Afternoon of the Rising Sun&quot; but I think this is the best primer on the 
A Great Lesson in Seeing. As a digital photographer myself, I found Julieanne s book quite remarkable as a unique project born from a fresh look at the beauty around 
Classic. This classic is one that everyone should read and maybe even read every year!!  
The most epic graphic novel of the 80s. In 1985, DC decided to streamline their continuity by destroying all but one of the many universes and dimensions in the multiverse. 
Another Excellent Entry in Hill s Growing Body of Work. Wildlife biologist Carly Cambridge moves to the south Texas coast to establish a wildlife habitat. When she needs a photographer, 
Hillerman is consistently good... I love the southwest having grown up in Salt Lake City, California, and visiting my grandparents in Mesa, Arizona. Hillerman has created his own unique genre...because 
A great guide with great information. I bought this book because we found the WDW version to be very helpful. This was not as comprehensive, but still had more information 
the ugly duckling is a cool book. Ugly DUCKLING iTS AN AWSOME BOOK.Its about an ugly duck that got made fun of. By all the other ducks. And all the 
this book is great. this book is fantasic...and goes into detail....all I can say is buy this book you will not be sorry....  
Stories From the Heart. I have to admit that I hold a bit of bias about this book, since I have known Barry and Joyce for more than 12 years 
Geared toward the serious athlete. If you are looking for a book with ammo to attack the non-vegans in your life, this is not it. As several of the previous 
Nothing contributes more to my sense of serenity. Let me tell you how delightful I m finding this book! One of the most major problems in our society today is 
A must for anyone camping in TN. This book is excellent. The author lives in East Tennessee and has spent untold hours in the woods of this state. His detailed 
Good Vegas Read. I picked this book up at the Mandalay Bay s Reading Room bookstore during my last visit to Vegas but read it after I got home. How 
A life changing book. If I could give this book 10 stars, I would. I love Stephen Levine s poetic writing style. It is simple and clear as well as 
Surprise Endings. The book I read is called Surprise Endings. It is by Robin Jones Gunn. It is the fourth book in the Christy Miller series. It is about a 
A must have cookbook. I can t say enough good things about this book. The cakes are delicious and the frostings, fillings and more are too good to pass up 
WELL WRITTEN - THE BEST OF EROTICA. Other reviewers have used poetic several times, so that sort of leaves that one out for me. This is though, some of the 
Juicy humor. Susan Swartz combines optimism, humor, and reality in ways few people manage. Sure, menopause signals the end of a phase of life, AND it opens new doors. Her 
A Review of Editing Sky:. Editing Sky is a poignant collection of intimate poems that also seem universal in their appeal. They describe powerful experiences of an Austin childhood, handball, 
Honest look at homeschooling. This looks like another book beating that old conservative drum of Family Values, but here it is a liberal and secular rhythm being played. This book 
God as the supreme good of the universe. Summa Theologica is the masterwork of an indefatigable outstanding man of.letters who, having what is reputed to be the most prodigious mind 
These Three Remain. All of the Pride and Prejudice sequels, etc, this is one of the very best series. The characters really come alive and the author does not try 
A wonderful Christian guide to a better marriage. Wonderful pointers to bless your relationship with your husband. This book helped me fine-tune a few areas I needed to work on 
A great BGP book, but not the first book for the CCIE. I have always felt that I am part of the small minority that just does not see the 
Pastis Best Book. This is the funniest Pearls Before Swine book I ve read. It s flat-out hilarious  
A Great book!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. This was a great book because it s about a kid and a dragon. In this book a kid named Elmer finds an alley cat. The alley 
Good book, but too much violence. As a brunette, I was turned off by the title. I pictured one of those smug blondes who thinks she s got it going 
Still they deny, and lies are not free speech. As a 72 yr. old who lived through WWII and had many friends who were in the Army that liberated the 
good book. I liked it. Glen is a pretty good storyteller, and the dude is crazy. It s definitely about more than just him getting kidnapped by Colombians too. It 
NECESSARY FOR TANTRA ENTHUSIASTS AND RESEARCHERS. I Have read the Entire Book and find it very Interesting and Informative.It deals with the most of Tantra Topics in a Short Introductive 
Excellent. To add to the other reviews, Gullo does address the part of losing weight tht is never addressed in other weight loss material, which is the mindset needed to 
Still Outstanding. I have 3 editions of this- and I absolutely love all of them. When I croak, I hope my kids will love them too. They have always been 
L is for Lawless. I have read or listened to everyone one of the alphabet series and always look forward to the next one. I travel a lot and these 
Incredibly Thorough!!!. As a University professor, I find this book invaluable. The chronology, breadth of information and layout design all combine to make it an extremely valuable tool. I would 
Lovely. I learned so much from this book. I recommend this book for those wanting to learn how to draw,period. I think this author is the best at teaching those 
Excellent Practical History Lesson, But Not Without Faults. George Hunter does an excellent job of tying history into current culture and challenging the church to see evangelism in a new 
Chandler skewers Hollywood. This is my favorite Raymond Chandler novel. After reading the first two pages, describing a bored Philip Marlowe watching a blue bottle fly, I set the book 
An Excellent and comical novel about family. A Late Divorce is one of my very favorites novels. This ordinary tale about the late divorce of a middle-aged couple, one of 
Love s Long Journey. I tried to read this book three times and gave up after a few chapters. Then I decided I was going to read it from cover 
A wonderfully entertaining read. This book is a great overview of American architecture. It is entertaining for the non-architect but full of detail and histry for those who already have 
The Cider House Does Rule. Another excellent book by John Irving. It still doesn t top my favorite A Prayer For Owen Meany, but this is an extremely well-written novel 
A book of information for the Surgical Technologist student. This book is full of information that is helpful. I am in my second term of taking a Surgical Technology course. 
A great tool. Mr. Bryant does an exceptional job of giving lots of ways to get yourself in motion, to keep that motion going and to spawn new activity. He 
Good story, but it won t be satisfying until the final book is out. I loved the first book and said so in my review , and while I enjoyed 
Hit the Oregon Trail!. The Way West is the second in the series of great Western novels by A.B. Guthrie. The story picks up in 1846 in Independence, Missouri, jumping 
Why? What happened? Is this reaaly my life?. I recentley took my teen to counseling for attitude problems respect problems running away leaving when he feels like it ect. After 
definitely not the greatest generation. Just like the greatest generation had their war, our generation those born mid to late 50 s and up to mid 60 s had drugs...tons 
Baseball When the Only Juice was Alcoholic. If there were a Hall of Fame for baseball books, Mr. Greenberg s book would surely be inducted. Perhaps not on the first 
Tolkien meets Ben Jonson. This renaissance romance combines elements of the adventure story along the lines of J. R. R. Tolkien s Lord of the Rings trilogy with satire in 
Add this book to your required reading list. Written for HR Professionals, this book will help you understand how the training industry is changing with the emergence of the knowledge 
good consumer reference; NOT a get-rich guide. Clark Howard provides solid advice on topics such as buying a new or used car, buying a home, buying a computer, buying insurance. 
DAM good book. Extremely usefull roadmap to navigating the new territory of digital workflow. If you are a professional photographer shooting digitally, this book is the essential guide to everything 
An interesting read!. Absolutely fascinating read! Shows us that natural child birth is the most holy and spiritually enlightening experience that any woman can go through.Very easy to read, with 
If Women Ran The World... Let this scene from the revolt of Boudicca fire your imagination: the captured Roman women had their breasts sliced off and sewn to their faces 
Great starting place for reading classics to young children. I am currently reading this to two boys ages 4 and 5 and they are absolutely loving it!!! Not to mention 
Good read... This book can be quite disturbing in regards to how the main characters view the world and feel about the human race, but it is a very good 
I like this book. I like this book. It starts off with the basic rules and quickly gets into openings and strategy. I wish they would put it out in 
The best book ever. A troll named Ed comes along and finds a boy named Christian.Christian ran away from home becouse he did t like his parients rules.So Ed takes 
Marvelous Reading-Cape Refuge. I enjoyed this book so much and will read the rest of Terri Blackstock s books just to see if they are all this good.  
KONG RULES!. King Kong 6.75 hrs, six CDs, audio theater, Full Cast Audio is done in a radio style, multi-cast production. It harkens back to the golden age of radio 
Thought provoking. Having been interested in these issues for a few years, I participated in the official Take Back Your Time Day on Oct. 24. I hadn t bought the 
Bible of Interior Design~!. I m an Interior Design student at Ryerson University in Toronto, and I have never seen a book that is as comprehensive as the IGS. It 
excellent reference!. This book is absolutely amazing. The other day, I was asking questions about sheep shearing in the Middle Ages, and I was recommended this book. This is simply 
The Title Says It All. The baseball stories that make up this book make it possible to call this book the Greatest Baseball Stories Ever Told. These stories have appeared 
A Compelling Connector . It virtually goes without saying by now that M. Abnett is the most talented writer in the Black Library stable of authors. His works have had 
blown away. I am a child of the Seventies and a lover of the disco sound. I was into dressing up, going out and dancing in the clubs back in 
Excellent analysis of the true costs of layoffs to workers and society as a whole. According to the Who Moved My Cheese myth and popular American groupthink, if you become 
Review by Destiny T. 4 stars! Becoming Naomi Leon was a wonderful book that deals with family and culture. I reccomend it for all ages. One thing I did not 
A Stylish New York Romance. Ok, so Sami is an aspiring clothes designer. So she moves into an apartment with a model, Rain. Enter the totally Hott, Vin. Now with 
Good book, but not the only start up book you ll need if you run a service business. This book is very good. However, the bookkeeping and financing chapters help 
Great author!. If you appreciate cats, love mysteries and just want a relaxing and fun read...then read the entire Joe Grey series. Excellent  
Heart renching decision!. Triumph of Hope, takes the reader along with Mrs. Elias as she lives through her every day encounters. The pain and suffering, and also the humiliation that 
Picasso. This is truly a wonderful, insightful book. It reads like a novel; one that is difficult to put down  
Fascinating. My wife and I enjoyed this book greatly, and neither of us are into science all that much  
Brilliant Presentation. The author did a good job of presenting the subject brilliantly so that experienced CLASSIC ASP developers can get a quick introduction to ASP.NET in a few days. 
A Handy Reference. If you are looking for a theology course, you ll be disappointed but if you have questions about the world s major religions, Rabbi Gellman and Monsigneur 
Now, there should be no excuse for those claiming a lack of good historical sources of the first voyage around the globe. For lovers of the non-fiction accounts of sacrifices 
Cool!. My name is Fernando Pita and I am 7 years old. My English teacher read this book to us in class and I thought it was funny. My favorite 
The American Bible. -- by that I mean, our book of books. I first read this in college: assigned reading for a course. For once a chore turned into a 
Sacrifice is the Essence of Love. `Never judge a book by its cover , but there s just something about a hazy full moon in a dimly lit night sky, 
Indispensable. Since attending Seminary, this book is the one I use and refer to most. Short but dense with clear exposition of the Christian doctrine of Redemption. Absolutely indispensable for 
The one that got me hooked!!!. The first of S. Drake s books that I have read, a story of forbidden love and extreme passion. A must read. I could 
Excellent re-telling of The Iliad for children!. Rosemary Sutcliffe keeps the drama and poetic language of Homer s The Iliad alive in this wonderful version. My 6- and 8-year-old children 
Mayes, et al have really done it this time... I fell in love with this book as soon as I took it out of the Amazon.com box it arrived in. 
Get this with My System. This along with MY SYSTEM make up two of the finest chess books ever written covering positional concepts. Certainly best for the advanced player, you 
This Is A Stupendous Book!. This is a book I first checked out from the library in college. I must tell you, for anyone who wants to become a writer, 
Beyond Band of Brothers - The War Memoirs of Major Dick Winters. I ve read the first book, seen the series and now this book - a great follow-up to 
Required reading for all kids!. Every kid should read this book! My German grandmother read my sister and I this book. We used to make fun of my sister because 
GREAT book. This book was very well written and has a deep plot. The themes in this book are not clear but there are themes. On theme is you should 
A Prophecy Hidden As A Novel. One of the most amazing things that jumped out at me about Graham Greene s novel, The Quiet American, was the copyright date. 1955. 
In the Land of the Lawn Weenies: Review by Jon G. This is one of the best books I ve read in a long, long time. The stories are funny 
If you are a boomer you will remember how popular these icons were in your youth. What happened?. Thinking about one s own life by examining the lives of others 
lords of were. whats better then 1 hot were? 2!!!!!! bianc d arc brings the story to live. cant wait for book 2  
The Best Book Ever. This book is creative for little minds because there are kids in the book and dogs and cats.It showes that people can imagin cats and dogs 
A primer of good and fearless thinking. This book is a quiet little masterpiece, where its author shares his observations of his world in a personal way. With the same 
Kevin Proves Himself Once Again. Oh, that Kevin Smith. Here he goes again giving us more Jersey Trilogy comics to go all gooey over. This comic was an excellent addition 
This book changed my life. I work in the MP3 player industry, so the title of my review is only a slight exaggeration. P2P technology created the MP3 revolution. This 
It is one of my favorite books. I just got done reading The Rescue last night. I just didn t like the part when Taylor blamed himself for his father 
entertaining, informative, and insightful. I extremely enjoyed reading this book, and have recommended this book to many of my friends, regardless of whether or not they are interested in drugs. 
Hey, it s not that bad. Having just read some of the past scathing reviews I thought I needed to comment. I started looking for information on Dow about 10 
Paring history down to the essential lessons. I will not repeat the many excellent comments here except that Kinzer writes very well, making the read fascinating and factually solid. Other 
I thought this book was greatThis. This book was the best book I have ever read. It had great detail. I loved it  
amazing and thought provoking. this book floored me. this was the first of artaud s books that i have picked up. what a fascinating guy! in this book he writes 
An Earthly Heaven, in which the Heavenly Father Dwells. Encountering Eastern Orthodoxy:Since 1935, when Bulgakov s, The Orthodox Church was made available in English, two key books were written, both 
Every Solution Brings More Problems. In the early 1980 s Walt Disney Productions was coasting along on the inertia of Walt and Roy Disney. Corporate raiders scented blood and began 
for a KNOW NOTHING fan of star wars. my boyfriend checked this book out of the public library so that i could read up on star wars info before he 
Insightful and Even-handed. Great book. If there were a way to give this book 4 and a half stars, I would have rated it such. Shipler s book manages to 
Mike Kelley: Punk Conceptualist. Mike Kelley s excellent catalog from Phaidon may be the most definitive work to date concerning the merging of Elite and Popular culture. Kelley s use 
Read The First Book First. This book is fascinating. However, you must read The 20th Wife, which is the first book in this story. Loved them both  
Delicious and Different. Great book. Delicious, gourmet recipies. High calories- everything is butter, chocolate, buttermilk etc. but worth the treat once in a while! Who would think cupcakes could be 
Brilliant. It is hard to believe that one of the most perceptive and important books on the shaping of modern society is out of print. This book shows how the 
Wonderful for the imagination!. Right after reading this book just once, my daughter was outside telling me all the different things the clouds looked like! This book really stimulates the 
No Divine Secrets, but still great. Not quite as fabulous as Divine Secrets, but so nice to have another encounter with all the characters..  
An Invaluable Resource. I loved this workbook...excellent ideas in a painless, creative and fun format!  
A MUST-READ!. Once again, Joel Block offers a highly sensitive rendition on the nuances of relationships, opening the reader to new perspectives and ways to effect change with those they 
The most prescient and terrifying work Lewis ever wrote. In this seminal work Lewis identifies what he calls men without chests -- or human beings divorced from the Tao, the 
Big help for those who wait.... My husband I waited until marriage to have sex, so we didn t know anything going into the honeymoon. So...these cards were really helpful 
Excellent resource. This book contains just the right mix of theory and practical how-to-do-it . Overall, it s an excellent work  
Good book for Software Designers. It is a good direction for the Software Engineers to learn about patterns and designing the applications  
A Surprisingly Good Book. I basically picked up this book because I was looking for something non-fiction to read, and I wanted to learn more about the life of JFK, 
He created a concept. In this book Lasch defines a cultural reality and reveals a concept the Western world is living with, and to a degree suffering from today cultural 
Excellent book. Being a newbie to 3D with absolutely no experience I thought it would be best to buy a book to help familiarise myself with the program. Of the 
charlie siringo-one of the west s best kept secret heroes. This is a great book if you re into the American West, The Wild Bunch, or just a detective fan.Charlie 
Highly Recommended. Culture and tradition, funny or deadly serious anecdote followed by a harrowing confrontation with Burma s brutal military regime characterize From the Land of the Green Ghosts. Yet 
Elizabeth Berg continues to amaze me. with her ability to write about characters from all walks of life with truth and compassion. In The Pull of the Moon, she has 
A Timeless Classic. Giles s translation of Sun Tzu is still the best, in spite of the best recent efforts. This particular Special Edition gives you two copies of Giles 
A book as Big as ALASKA. Great, expansive rendition in historical fiction of the turbulent History of the great state of Alaska.A must read if you are planning to go 
Well worth it!. Sunsets Western Garden Book has always been at the top of the list, and now they ve done it again. Even if you aren t an avid 
Insightful!. You would be hard-pressed to find a more honest book about business and the often short sighted, un-productive, arbitrary, and just plain stupid decisions made by &#8220;dumb&#8221; managers and 
When Do Nations Become Assertive?. In From Wealth to Power Fareed Zakaria presents two competing theories of foreign policy, applies his own modifications to one theory, and compares them with 
 Too Many Notes . Do you remember the part in the movie Amadeus when the great Mozart played one of his operas for the King of Germany I think 
Great book. I ve tried a few of the recipes so far and they are all great! Especially the cheesecake. I made the basic cheesecake and topped it with a 
Hellers World of Language books for intermediate readers up. I used Mine, All Mine and the other seven books in Ruth Heller s World of Language series in an intensive 
You can t say machismo . without saying cheese , and this book has the ol provolone in spades, baby! For the kind of fella who wishes to perfect his 
In a Nutshell. This book describes narcissists, their behavior and their manipulations. If you are forced, either by relation or marriage, etc, to be around these people, this book helps 
Chilling information. The first chapter is weak, because the author gives opinions not facts. The remainder of the book is very factual, well researched, well presented.Europe has been very servile 
Informative and easy-to-read. Mr. Nocera has done a phenomonal job of putting the entire evolution of consumer financial products into an easy-to-read story. I would recommend this book to anyone 
Love This Book. I read this book when it first came out and then loaned it to someone. I never got it back so decided to purchase it again. After 
Eye candy for kids. I have read this to both of my daughters many times. They are 2.5 and 5.5years old. They actually sit still for the whole thing. The 
Amazing!. Going Postal is the most important book of the 21st century. Out of everything I have read about workplace and school shootings, I think Mark Ames finally gets it 
One Corpse Too Many. I stumbled upon this series at a library book sale, and bought my first hardback copy for exactly one dollar about 4 years ago. It convinced 
Should be required reading for all military Officers. This book should be on the required reading lists for all Military Officers and for infantrymen of all ages and ranks. I 
A Classic Still Not Dated. As a child, I read and enjoyed the Pippi Longstocking books. Now, as a teacher and director of a school, can have these wonderful, uninhibited 
Best Dickens Ever. This is one of the best Dickens novels I have ever read. The character of Florence is so beautifully developed, and while I was reading, I got 
Maron s 11th outing for Judge Deborah Knott!. Is entertaining and just the right mix of legal matters, mystery, and personal feelings and happenings for young judge Deborah, who, I 
A New Testament for our Time. When I first heard about this book, I was at a point in my life where I was ready to focus on and grow 
best memoir i ve read. this is the best memoir i ve ever read. long, but every page was enjoyable. if you think this outstanding book is boring, it speaks 
A Workshop in a Book!. Cinematic Motion, by Steven Katz, published by Michael Wiese Productions, is another one of those absolutely must-have books for serious filmmakers. The subtitle, A Workshop 
Perhaps they re still out there. Changing tone from the Sherlock Holmes tales, Doyle presents us the eccentric and irascible Dr. Challenger, a scientist that has travelled in the Amazon 
smooth and satisfying. I am adding The Longest Silence to my list of favorite books on the subject of fly fishing. I do believe that some thoughts are too deep 
A Childhood: The Biography of a Place. I would suggest this book to anyone who has ever read anything published by Harry Crews; specifically to those who haven t read 
wonderfully erudite study of the history of life-writing. This is a wonderfully wide-ranging and learned exploration of the history of life-writing. Olney s style is always lucid, elegant, and patient; 
This One s a Winner. These tales evoke a poetical kind of realism. Hunters in the Snow is a tragic but comic portrayal of three bumbling hunters acting dumb but 
outstanding. Muggeridge penetrates to the essence of Christianty--and he does so with remarkably few words--by describing his encounter with Mother Teresa. I feel like I encountered this saintly woman myself--and 
An Inspired work on the Essence of the Catholic Attitude!. I ve read many recently published books on the substance and meaning of the Catholic faith--Weigel, Groome, Greeley, etc. I 
Russell turns into a monster. I think the book was excellent because this kid Russell Crannaker turned into a demon-like creature. He bought a golden ring from a magician shop 
Niiiiccce. I reall like this runaways... not that i didn t like the 4 before it. well any way this one is totally cool because there is another alien in 
Setting It Straight. Its about time somebody actually explained the major benefits and drawbacks of globalization. Far too often these days people will voice their opinions about globalization without actually 
Should you buy this book?. To decide whether to buy this book, ask yourself the following questions:1. Are you in a committed relationship?2. Are you and or your partner experiencing 
Best of the Full series. I ve read the Full books to kill time till the next Stephanie Plum comes out. They ve always been cute stories but not my 
Wonderfully helpful and well written. I have been riding adult bikes for 31 years. This book taught me balance exercises that I did not know. Lots of the book just 
A fun book, but a tad unrealistic. &quot;Road Trip&quot; continues the story of Chloe Miller, a punky teenage rebel-turned-Christian who s in a band, Redemption, with her two best friends, 
Down-to-earth, kind, astute, and funny. My 14-year-old daughter uses this book very effectively to gently prod me on issues that need a little more attention. Every few months, she puts 
Turner s Frontier Thesis Unfiltered. This is a very useful collection of ten essays by University of Wisconsin Harvard University historian Frederick Jackson Turner written through out his career. Edited 
Great book; classic info. Anyone who enjoyed the boy scout handbook would love this book. It s full of all the diagrams and how-to s I enjoyed as a kid. 
Companion Piece. This book must be purchased as a companion to the better-known, &quot;Contempt.&quot; I belive this book is Moravia at his best. &quot;Contempt&quot; is better known only due to 
Different but not bad -- just different. Definitely Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters and Seymour: An Introduction is not J. D. Salinger s most popular and most read work. 
My daughter loves this author. And she doesn t really like to read all that much. But according to her, the story was reality based and complelling, filled with great 
Witty, thoughtful, and controversial. Twilight of the Idols and The Anti-Christ are excellent works. There s no problem with them. Only there may be with my review, given that I 
Funny and Informative. I read this book because of I thought it was going to be funny, and it was. But I was not expecting to learn anything new, having 
The Monumental History of Nazi Germany. This is a brilliant book - tremendously well researched, incredibly well written, and packed full of unparalleled insights. It is highly recommended for anyone 
Excellent Book. Tolpin s advise on a wide range of table saw topics and issues is very good. His fence jig system is excellent for anyone using a Biesemeyer-style rip 
gripping storytelling. Doug Stanton has done an outstanding job of bringing one of the most harrowing stories in military history to life. Quick summary. The USS Indianapolis delivers the ABomb 
Excellent Bio!. I just finished this book this morning, and I really enjoyed it. Having watched &quot;Gods and Monsters&quot; and read Father of Frankenstein last year, I was eager to 
Good Book for Those Beginning Trap Set. My son, who has played percussion in the school band for 3 1 2 years, and recently got his own trap set, got 
Every Painting he did is here. Every painting he did is here. They list the paintings in chrnological order. Each painting is titled and they describe some of the paintings 
Excellent for Bare-Bones Structure. Catron s latest shares excellent information concerning the basics of playwriting. The finest well-known playwriting instructor of our time, this book is second only to Catron 
Very Good. This product is a must for college APA high school students who must use the MLA standards for research papers. A handy tool, indeed  
well written. This book is a great introduction for someone with little background in economics or finance. It is also a good refresher for people that do have backgroungs in 
In Love with Levin... Years ago I read The Boys From Brazil also written by Ira Levin and loved it. This is another great book from a master story teller. 
Beyond description. I can t express in words what this reading experience was like, so I won t try too hard. As you can perhaps gather from the jacket blurb, 
It Helped Me Clean Out My Home Office. I found the advice on the home office section especially practical and useful. This book has a lot of energy and it 
A suberb intellectual history of Western economic theories. The Mind and the Market is certainly a rare bird: a 400-page tract of intellectual history that manages to be lucid and 
the best so far. In my opinion, besides Beyond Bodybuilding , this book is the best value for money by Pavel so far. Two hundred something pages are saturated with 
Did anyone read the publishing date?. I read the other reviews with interest. They all complained about the author s writing style being weak, etc. If they had bothered to 
Very Helpful Hints. I regularly wear suits and semi-casual dress in my profession, but there were many things I learned from this little book. The dust jacket of this volume 
Heart Medicine. This book took a little getting used to This was my first of reading books with recipes within the storylines , but once I did... boy did I 
One of My Series Favorites. This is actually the book that got me hooked on Suzanne Brockmann s SEAL team 16 Troubleshooters series. I loved the character of Ken Wildcard 
San Francisco Eyewitness Travel Guide. Excellent history of landmarks and sections of the city. Great illustrations and graphics.  
Everyone has secrets. The novel is set during the summer of 1610 in France. It is told mainly in narrative form by Juliette, with some additional narration by Guy LaMerle, 
What Jesus Demands by Piper. The author has taken the simplicity and complexity of the parables andtranslated them into modern day practice. The chapter on hell recites theseriousness of sin 
Fine, Especially for the Non Medical Pros Out There!. This book is about as perfect as can be, given the inevitably sad and macabre subject! Starting with the author s 
Well plotted story. Kinsey Millhone, former cop turned PI, is back on a case when an expensively dressed woman hires her..money upfront, to locate her missing sister, Elaine, who was 
A Cut Above. These may be considered cozies, but they have a distinct edge. The characters are fun, but also well developed, and the plots are decent. The characters and 
OK book for the beginner. If taking pictures of orbs is all you re looking for, this is the perfect book for you. For the serious paranormal investigator, this book 
Why Religion Matters. This is a very important book by a highly respected author. It deserves wide distribution  
love Freaks. This is a terrific history of the strange people who are carnies and sideshow freaks. I love these people, but even if you don t, you will find 
makes lots of unlikely creepy but helpful links. Naipaul reminds us of the creepy, unlikely, weird but true links among the southern cities, Africa, Caribbean slave trade, that there was 
Powerful but ... The first three-quarters of this novel are absolutely captivating and unputdowanably good. And yet just when I thought it was about to get even better, Roth shifts 
Which Lie....?. a hilarious account of the politics of hollywood from the perspective of a brilliant writer..  
It s Pretty Good. I like the home publishing and the really good home cooking. I DON T like the plastic comb binding as they deteriorate and break too fast. 
Top-Down Network Design is a MUST HAVE BOOK!. I purchased this book with the intent on gaining a further understanding of the network design process. I really didn t expect 
May change your perspective on combat. As I wasn t familiar with Gen. S.L.A. Marshall s study previously, Grossman s presentation of low firing rates prior to the Korean conflict 
 You may be confusing force and power. . Middle-aged widow Florence Green decides to open a book shop in the small seaside town of Hardborough. The town s last 
Kingdom Hearts ... what more do you want?. Ok firstly this comic book is based on the popular PS2 video game Kingdom Hearts, now that we got that out of 
Don t have metric for start the PMO. I belive, if the book would have metrics and templates for the process start, it is very usefull  
Peterson Writes on 10,000 Loosely Connected Topics But Writes Well . Eugene Peterson has set out to write the initial volume of what he calls a `Spiritual Theology and after 
A cross-cultural journey through human history. Timelines Of World History packs a cross-cultural journey through human history in a timeline format which excels in color photos and drawings. High school 
Hebrews by Barclay. We use this as a reference material in our Bible Study. We have used Barclay s resources for years and are never disappointed. His research and insight 
my favorite book. so i was a berkeley english major who needed a class....i just happend to wander into a course on Proust.it is my favorite book.it is not light 
Wish I had a Jeeves. Not the funniest Wodehouse I have read--but still far better than any other humourist book I have attempted to read by more contemporary writers, in 
Easy exercises for the mind and body. I was surprised at how easy these exercises are and how quickly the results are felt. I m sleeping better and feel I 
A book that revolutionized our thoughts on Wolves!!!. I decided to read the book after watching the movie, created by Disney, of the same name. While the movie is based 
Like discovering the Grand Canyon. Read Mises, Hoppe, Popper, Hayek and be happy. Callahan does a great job introducing you to the Austrian School. Win a large bet that your 
Little Chapel On the River...A Little Gem. This is a simply beautiful book. I picked it up on a whim, intending to give it as a Christmas gift. I decided 
A revelatory look at The Manchurian Candidate -- and the world it came out of. Anyone intrigued by The Manchurian Candidate 1962 deserves to check out this book, which delves 
Great book providing valuable lessons on planning &amp; forecast. It is a great book. It tells the stories of several planning projects that turn out to be dissaters. Hall clearly 
Emotionally Touching. My father deceased was one of the boys on the USS Franklin in World War II. I recently attended a reunion of the Franklin and met several young 
Ideas that shape civilization. This book is a wonderful survey of big ideas that changed how we experience human society. The author begins with the premise that ideas more than 
A powerful and fascinating work. Washington s New Poor Law: Welfare &quot;Reform&quot; And The Roads Not Taken, 1935 To The Present is a comprehensive study of the consequences of the 
still a classic. Weber s Protestant Ethic has here been published along with the author s responses to various reviews; and this is a good idea as it may be 
From the latest new features and tools to new tips on how to customize a PDA. Got a Palm and want to make the most of it? Then Dave Johnson 
Faerie works. This pattern book is amazing. Each faerie has their own personality and the finished products are stunning. I ve made 3 faeries from this book and given them 
The Greatest Book I Have Ever Read!. Esperanza Rising by Pam Munoz Ryan is a wonderful book. It tells about a girl who goes through tragedies. I liked how it 
Pippi Longstocking. My opinion of this book Pippi Longstocking. I thought that the story was very good. I really recommend this book to other people because it is funny and 
Fun non stop action!. The Pelican Brief is one of John Grisham s more fast paced and exciting book.Two supreme court justices are murdered by someone who does such a 
All too True. This is the perfect book for a hardcore Prodigy fan. You learn a bit about the whole band ,their beginnings , and their hardships. All in all 
Revolutions revisited. In my humble opinion, Trotsky s Revolution Betrayed is the best analysis of not only the Russian revolution, but revolutions in general. I have studied revolutions in the 
Worth reading. It is a must read for all of us to appreciate our parents and grandparents and how much we loved the  
Complete--no matter how you bake it. Excellent instruction for everyone. It explains, in detail, how to make the particular recipe by hand, with an electric mixer or with a bread 
Updated General and Technical Detail About a Near-Disaster in Space. This reprint of LOST MOON contains an introduction that updates events that had taken place in space in the decades 
Not as silly as it sounds.... When I read the back, I thought this story sounded ridiculous, but read it as I love other books of hers. It starts off 
Great book for the beach or laying at home sick!. Lori s first book was an easy read, filled with inside the biz information that even people who are in 
Fabulous Autumn Enchantments!. Autumn Equinox, is by far the best and most beautiful in the Sabbat series by Llewellyn. This fabulous book is filled with over 40 spells and rituals. 
Audio Edition Adds Flavor and Dimension to an Old Favorite. A Tree Grows in Brooklyn was a book I read over and over as a child. I so identified with 
My favorite Science Fiction Series. This book begins my all time favorite Science Fiction series: the Gaea Trilogy. I first discovered it by accident in my high school library. I 
How to raise your levels of consciousness: a guide. Spiritual persons often hear of raising our level of consciousness . But what does that mean, really? This book which explains 
Maxium boost. Focuses mainly on do s and don t of kit installation.Has good info on basic turbo setup and intercooler selection. Would have been nice if the book contained 
Liberal or Conservate? Take your pick. I long ago concluded that Thomas Sowell is the most brilliant author in the United States and perhaps the only man in American who 
Intense and thought provoking. This was one of the best books I have ever read. Mamie Till-Mobley was a phenomenal woman who displayed courage, strength, faith, and love through the 
great book,. Great book. My two and three year old girls are too young to get it. I read them only one of the four stories the black and white 
The most poignant travel account that I have read. Freya Stark had an opportunity to visit this remote archaeological site when it was still possible to travel there. This book 
Great Read!. I really enjoyed reading this book about the new work of dogs. Jon Katz writes what I always see in the lives of people with dogs, but can 
Your mind has a mind of its own. Everyone knows why we avoid the stuff we don t really want to do. But why do we avoid stuff we really 
A Great Cookbook All Around. I bought this cookbook for the brownie recipe - incredible and low fat. Alice Medrich has brought a great sensibility to low-fat baking. She bases 
MrCajunBoy. Great book. A must-read for anyone surrounded by libs. I love the footnotes and research available.  
The Perfect Bedtime Storybook. For years, young girls have been entertained by the adventures of Madeline, and this collection of stories only adds to the Madeline madness  
powerful statement about education. This is a wonderful book for anyone interested in education, children, learning, or human rights issues. Kozol describes the horrible treatement of mostly black children in 
i laughed until my sister smacked me... and then when i read to her what i was laughing at, she laughed right along with me.these essays are pure genius. sedaris 
Impressed. I found this book amazing, so insightful and helpful. It opened my mind and awareness of every humans divinity. It brings the tools for us to take charge of 
Milton s English, Italian, Latin, and Greek Poetry. This is an authoritative edition for anyone interested in John Milton. It includes poetry, prose, and commentary.  
coreknowledge.org offers lesson plans to accompany book. One reviewer stated that homeschoolers experience some difficulty making use of this series due to the lack of worksheets. Visit coreknowledge.org for details 
spas to [costly]. This book is great for pampering your self instead of spending all that money at a spa. Also great for gift giving. I d rather make my 
RELATIVITY: THE SPECIAL AND GENERAL THEORY. PROFESSOR EINSTEIN PRESENTS HIS THEORY IN A VERY STRAIGHTFORWARD DISCUSSION, USING SIMPLE GEOMETRIC ANALOGIES, QUITE CONDUCIVE TO UNDERSTANDING THE BASIC CONCEPTS. HE LEAVES NO 
Shy Child a classic. This is a lucid, informative guide to shyness in children written by a distinguished scholar. Here, Philip Zimbardo provides a summary of scientific and clinical understanding 
It s an ok read; 3.5 stars. It is an ok read. I expected something extraordinary when I purchased it. However I must say that it is even better than 
all you ever needed to know!. This book really has all you ever needed to know about botanical illustration - history, mediums, styles, scientific considerations, and more. A must for 
great series. My daughter is two and I love this series of books. Olivia the great is a great book. I bought an extra one for her daycare and they 
Sweet Nostalgia. I, too, grew up on Long Island in the 50s and early 60s two years in Queens and ten years out on duh oyland . I m a 
From the cover:. From inside the cover:Although relatively brief, Philippians is one of the most interesting and beloved of Paul s undisputed epistles. In this book, the author makes a 
Part showmanship, part genius. This is the description given by Time magazine to Feynman s investigation on the cause of the Challenger disaster. And like other books by about him, 
Fun for all ages!. I was a huge fan of Mr Pinkwater as a young adult, voraciously reading all of his work that I could get my hands on. The 
real world advice to help men & women understand each other. This book has become so popular that terminology from this book has entered our popular culture calling a woman 
Masterful detail. Didion produces a masterful detailing of Miami history through Cuban immigration and their rise to power in the city. Highly recommended  
first time cooks. my daughter had no experience in the kitchen so this was the perfect book. very easy to understand with everything a novice needs to know. she was 
Covers everything!!. This book gives good detail and excellent examples to allow various styles to emerge. Very organized and easy to read. It covers so many different aspects that I, 
Heavy on Philosophy. Great book. Refreshingly honest. I read both this one and the other book called Why I Am Not An Arminian. I read this one first. As other 
curiousity killed the cat. This book is the second addition of Bitten by Kelley Armstrong and is just as awesome. This book follows right where Bitten left off to the 
A nuts and bolts book on how to sell better. This book is filled with great information BUT as an executive recruiter Chapter 9 on cold calls is not just 
Owen and his Fuzzy. This is a great book for the child having trouble giving up their favorite baby blanket. It opens up a discussion on the subject for the 
It was a helpful tool for me. I think the book was an outstanding piece of literature full of helpful hints for my business life. I would have to say 
I like it; hopefully next issue I will love it. Mostly I want to respond to the person who complained about not having a pattern for the cute knitted robots 
Lincoln. ISBN 034531221x A very well-written book, and far more readable than the size of it might make you think, I found one problem running throughout the book - the 
Who Owns the Wind?. Mikela and Philip Tarlow invite the reader to deliberate this question by sharing their wisdom and knowledge about the Aboriginal belief in the connectivity of relationships. 
Awesome read. The Final Frontiersman by James Campbell is an amazing story of Heimo Kirth & his family living off the land in Alaska.The author writes as if the reader 
SEARCH & RESCUE NARRATIVES!. As a technical mountain search and rescue team member, the narratives included in all of the Accidents series are great training tools, as well as concrete 
Do You Dread Looking Things Up?. The Elements of Style makes grammatical research so easy, you ll want to look up things you d always wondered about but thought would 
Pretty Impressive Fantasy. I sure don t know what book it was that some of my fellow reviewers read, but it certainly wasn t Voyage of the Shadowmoon. McMullen has 
Great book. You can lose yourself in this book. A long epic tale that keeps you interested from beginning to end.  
God s Love. I just finished both The Present Darkness and Piercing the Darkness. These were my first Peretti books and I truly enjoyed them. I decided to pick this 
Another Nora hit!. Once again, Nora has created a page-turner. While helping us to get to know the Giambelli women, Nora weaves a tale of intrigue, mystery, betrayal and deceit. 
Before the Parade passes by Gower Champion. Having a preference for biograhies of Show People I thought I would buy this particular book and have found it very interesting from 
FODOR S GUIDES ARE SUPER. MY DAUGHTER AND I GOT A FODOR S GUIDE TO NEW ZEALAND LAST SPRING AND USED IT CONSTANTLY ON OUR JOURNEY LAST MAY. MANY HELPFUL 
Slow - Slower - Slowest. The Slow Food Movement is a response to Fast Food and the homogenization of food. The movement seeks to rediscover the conviviality of food, aims 
great artist reference. This book is chalk full of great facial expressions and several angles. The author being an artist created this book for artists at all levels. A must 
A Fascinating Tale of The Kind of Person At The Top. A fascinating life ... a view from the top ...and it makes one wonder ... is it worth it 
WOW. Get This Book! This book has everything a aspiring lighting designer needs. Shelley clearly shows his thoughts with clear illustrations. The first page is his complete lighting design for 
Thankee, Sai!. The entire Dark Tower series of books are my favorite Stephen King works. I ve read them all several times, I might add and can not put them 
You CAN do it!. I first heard about this book when I began training earlier this spring for the Chicago Marathon 2006 . The national AIDS Marathon Training Program, the 
DeSoto points to property rights as key to capitalist development. In The Mystery of Capital, Hernando De Soto, President of Peruvian think tank Institute for Liberty and Democracy, seeks to 
Can t wait for the next one. In this sort of sequel to Tithe, 17-year-old Val is betrayed by her boyfriend and her mom ! . She runs away, taking 
more madness from Bill the junky. having read Mailer s Ancient Evenings Bill takes over where Egypt leaves off. a cowpoke novelette taking place in a desert of unknown origin. 
The Great Gonzo Education Course. I first picked up this volume when it was brand new and I was a freshman at USC, just entertaining the notion of becoming a 
Engage the Postmodern World. There is little doubt left that the word in which we live is undergoing vast changes. The question is how we are to understand and respond 
Falstaff and Short Lived Political Gratitude. The events of ths play follow Richard II. Bolingbroke Henry with the help of Nothumberland and others defeated Richard II and got crowned King 
Taylor on WWII. A. J. P. Taylor presents a controversial view on the cause of the Second World War. In his thesis, Taylor argues that the Western powers were as 
Like, a gnarly work to hopefully be proud of. With characteristic wit, intellect and open-mindedness, Robert McNeil and William Cran explore the protean version of English used in America. Though 
Some Useful Information---Worth Reading!. Napoleon Hill devoted 20 years of his life to researching and writing this book. It s about how to make money but the ideas seem to 
Terry Blackstock writes a fantastic series. My first time into a Terry Blackstock book has me reading everything she has written. She writes the kind of book you have to 
Worth reading The Awakening . This book is certainly not for the illiterate dime novel crowd. It is a story of one woman s struggle to find herself within the 
Great story but a little dark. Kate DiCamillo writes a captivating tale about a mouse that does not subscribe to social norms, and how he bucks all trends in the 
Excellent Presentation of a Most Useful Dish. Buy It. `Rice, The Amazing Grain by Marie Simmons and `Risotto by Judith Barrett and Norma Wasserman are two older books 14 and 
Excellent. How will the information superhighway, or information marketplace as Michael calls it, change our lives? He has been there, seen that done that, and now, he has put together 
Funny, sad - politics, family - open, hidden. As one expects from Sciascia, this is a highly readable book with well-drawn characters, intriguing plot ... all the makings of a 
Fascinating look at the real world of the legendary dragon. Authored by noted dragonologist Dr. Ernest Drake, Dragonology is a short but concise encyclopedia for anyone interested in the winged 
A Story of Hidden Prejudice. As I read this book I was reminded of the Broadway play and subsequent movie 1776 about the creation of the Declaration of Independence. In 
Let s Stuff the Great Helmsman. When Dr. Li s account of Chairman Mao and his private life came out, about a decade ago, it was an eye-opening shock to 
Two paws way up!!. Once again Mr. Koontz pulls on the heart strings. I read this book out loud with my kids and we laughed till we cried. It s 
A Must Read. I m presently deployed in support of OPERAION IRAQI FREEDOM as the Commander of a UH-60 Blackhawk Army Aviation Battalion. Reading John s book, the Passion Promise, 
I &lt;3 THIS BOOK!!. Yeah, pretty great book, I d say. I liked the character of Tess, how she represented innocence lost in a corrupt society. How Angel was the 
Dear Sir Madam. This book is great for showing you how the flow of any type of letter should be. It also shows you how to use proper grammar, punctuation, 
CADAVER DOG HANDBOOK. This is an excellent book! Great for the civilian SAR Dog Handler or a person jutst doing research on the subject.Tremendous resource book especially for the Novice 
Life as it is. I read this book as a young boy and was told that the grammar was very poor. Grammar is secondary in a story if it contributes 
a very thought provoking look at life. Good News for Bad Days - a great title for a book which gives such a deep look into the life of the 
WHY HAS THIS NOT BEEN PUT TO FILM!?!. My brother read this book and showed it to me and it was awsome. But, it raiesed a question that keeps beating 
The sanest book I ve read for ages. The Wisdom of Each Other is highly readable and packed with gems of insight into the work of the Spirit and the 
TRULY SPECIAL LANGUAGE. This is a great read. The spare images have such power and rightness. A kind of serenity too. Might go well with Poems of the Late T 
A Great Introduction. Amir Aczel s book Entanglement is a great introduction to the subject for the non-physicist, or the future physicist, in my case. As someone who is just 
Rick Steves Provence and the French Riviera 2005. One must have this book if they are touring Provence. Makes it liveable and lovel  
AA=Absolutely amazing. This book is definitely one of my alltime favorites, as are most of Emmet Fox books! For anyone who is serious about personal and spiritual growth, this book 
Helpful book. This book has some great, up-to-date information in it, but the girly-girl tone gets old. I turn 50 this month and can t imagine caring about some of 
a new topic in cs and math. In planning a course on quantum computing, an instructor would want to cover the significant highpoints in the subject: Shor s factoring algorithm, 
ALL SHE EVER NEEDED WAS THE MUSIC. All she s ever needed was the music and the mirror and the chance to dance for you . . . Musical theatre 
Today s Pundits have Nothing on this Guy... In this book, the first pundit Walter Lippmann speaks about the journalism, democracy, and the American people - creating a picture that 
a key to understanding contemporary innovations in managemen. In spite of a well-crafted selection of essays from Mary Parker Follett s lectures and writings, it is unfortunate that the subtitle 
Loved to be reminded of the spirit that empowers us. Please send me the written text of the piece about forgetfulness - it was a gem and I would like 
One man s family . . . Although published as a trilogy, Mahfouz story of a Cairo family was originally written as a single novel. Palace of Desire is one-third 
Classical Myth, Fourth Edition. Excellent text. Covers the classical gods and heros, primarily of the Greeks, with a appreciable amount of depth and scope. The text also includes a rather 
A Great Book about a complete Fraud!. I ve always had a thought about REVERAND Jackson, and this book proves it! Jesse jackson isn t black - He s just 
Ender series full review-probably the best of the series. I have read the whole ender series, but with a strange sequence which may have affected the way I view the 
Great Starts. This is an easy introduction to simple signs. I would recomend this book for any one. My 8 month old has been recognizing the signs for eat, drink, 
Thunder and Lightning....together!. Erik Larson is one of those rare authors who can keep the reader on the edge of his or her seat while combining two largely unrelated though 
Excellent insight into the beat generation. This book is very interesting from both an historic and literary view. When I first started reading books from authors like Jack Kerouac and 
Southern Dysfunctional Hospitality. Usually I could jump into an Eric Jerome Dickey book, but this one took awhile for me to get into but it was an okay read altogether. 
Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies. This book is a must read for all social science academics and the like. J. Diamond presents a clear argument for 
Excellent book for anyone in business or professional field. This book was part of my Professional Ethics class. I have to say I was very skeptical as the textbooks are 
Excellent Program. This is a fantastic program for sculpting the entire body using no special equipment other than a pull-up bar. Well illustrated with high quality photos and clear, well-written 
Excellent but incomplete. Excellent description on mathematics needed in economic analysis especially in advanced level. But it do not include some topics such as dynamic optimization, integraion  
A real eye-opener. I was required to read this book for one of my english courses. I felt that it really took me on a journey through the mind of 
Very Informative!. Reading The Survivor makes clear why others have labeled Clinton the Comeback Kid. Clinton et al clearly enter Washington not ready for Prime Time, and begin his Presidency 
Simple Straight Forward Investing Guide That Works. I ve been saving for 20 years - The first ten years I discounted my father s conservative advice and bought the hot 
Great opener for a great series. This book is a great opener for the series heartland. Coming home is about a girl named Amy that looses her mom to a 
Robert Hand, the finest astrologer of all times!. I wish I had put some kind of protection on my Transits by Hand. I did not buy the hardback and usage 
Can We Discuss Religion . . . ?. Recently, I have been involved in research into a number of aspects of religion, in particular how it has been beneficial and 
A Novel Approach that Fired My Imagination with Possibility. I stumbled across this coffee table photo book while browsing the astronomy & space section at Borders. The images were so 
Best book on DSP ever. I am an engineer who has read many books, good and bad, obfuscating and illuminating, and concise and lengthy. This is the best by far 
A Valuable Guide and Reference. The minister of our church received a preview copy of Spirituality Simplified and passed it on to me to review for possible inclusion in our 
A great book! Get it before it disappears again!. I really like de Lint s urban fantasy for its grittiness and despair which exists alongside its hope and beauty. I 
A realistic metaphor for enduring success. Even as we are constantly being pulled in several directions due to competing responsibilities, we all struggle to achieve balance in our lives. Some 
A really incredible translation of a really great story. It s really a shame that Robert Altar has only translated Samuel I and II and the Five Books of Moses 
Hammerschmidt, MN. This book was one of the best books I have read. Anna Lee does a wounderful job telling C.B.Erwins life story while keeping the readers attention. I recommend 
A Must have for Far Side Fans. I laughed when the cartoons were new, and I am still laughing at them. Gary Larson had a rare gift for creating humor 
An excellent book. Somehow my previous review of this book has been dropped. This was my introduction to Mahfouz; I understand why he is a Nobel Prize winner. The books 
A well written volume on a very broad subject. Coyle has put together a very concise and comprehensive introductory work to a timely subject. While some background in science or 
May Change the Way You Cook. This has quickly become one of my favorite cookbooks. I had never prepared food this way but was intrigued when I saw the book 
He puts the bright in Brighton. This is my first Robert Goddard novel, but it certainly will not be my last. This story is wonderfully plotted, fluid and intelligent. Duplicity 
Opera Buffs Take Note. Mary Jane Auch has written a charming picture book, purportedly for kids. Bantam does double-duty, however, as a fine coffee table item for opera lovers. The 
The Real Skinny on the Script-Selling Game. Finally! A highly-readable book that gives us the real skinny about the script-selling game. A true insider, Kathie Fong Yoneda has written a 
Wonderful use of language. I just finished reading this book aloud to my husband, and we were both very impressed, with the marvelous use of language and with the wonderfully 
Eye Catching &amp; Informative. A great find! Throughly informative &amp; well organized. I especially like the &quot;Factoids&quot; &amp; &quot;Tips&quot; throughout the book for easy shortcuts &amp; little tid-bits of helpful 
CAVEAT for NY & CA landlords. CAVEAT for NY & CA landlords, February 12, 2005Reviewer: AlexandriaPhilo Cinelog Berkeley, CA United States - See all my reviewsIf you own in New 
Short? Yes Worth it? Yes Useful? Yes. As a first time expecting father everything has been confusing, even looking for a pregnancy guide that s shorter than The Bible. This 
Truly Inspirational!. It all started with a search for an inexpensive sailboat. Through these efforts, I stumbled across several websites from people that have built the 23 1 2 ft. 
Very Usefull for Korean 101. I am currently taking Korean 101 in college, and this is the textbook we are using. The textbook is very affordable and very easy to 
A perfect fit. My neice s daughter is will be 12 this week and really doesn t have anyone to talk to about girl things. So, I purchased this book 
Using an Art Theft to Illustrate Art Stealing. There were two things that struck me about this book.First of course was the setting in the world of the very rich 
Enthralled. This is probably one of my favorites. She has characters you care about from the beginning and the deceased father s entangling demands to inherit his property and money 
Great for fans of the magic tree house!. My 4-year-old son and I have been reading the Magic Tree House series for nearly half his life; they are among his 
Look out for Cherry Adair. Cherry Adair has a future in writing. Her characters are beleivable and filled with emotion. This was the first one of her books I had 
A Great Future History Collection. This collection of Future History stories was first published in 1951, and it consists of 9 short stories and one novella which were originally published 
Total Page-Turner. Paris Gibson is a late-night radio DJ who plays sappy love songs and takes requests. Paris is well-known all over Austin, Texas for her velvety voice and the 
Inspiration for Romance. ...moonbeams kiss the sea;What is all this sweet work worthIf thou kiss not me? ~Percy Bysshe ShelleyI ve yet to meet a woman who doesn t wish 
Telling Stories at Taipei American School. As an elementary teacher for almost ten years, I ve recognized the importance of telling stories to children and have been telling stories for 
North to Freedom. David, a 12 year old, raised in a prison camp, is allowed to escape with instructions to go north to freedom. From the drab, depressing surroundings of 
It s like &quot;Brief History of Time&quot; in Mathematics. It gives me the same feeling after reading &quot;Brief History of Time&quot;. They both explain some very fundamental thing in Science 
An engaging horror novel, both scary and funny. My first Bentley Little novel was Revelation, a book I enjoyed reading, but wouldn t call great. The Store, simply put, is 
Good Reading. Writing a book on SOA is going to be extremely difficult when you have to take care that you do not get into the mold of FUD. But 
The Emersons visit old friends. GUARDIAN OF THE HORIZON takes place during the missing years that period the events of THE APE THAT GUARDS THE BALANCE and THE FALCON AT 
Devastating and Meaningless. THE UNDERDOGS may well be about the spirit of the Mexican people, as some other reviews have suggested, but its conclusions are quite different. Don t think 
Template for a Math book!. Were all Math books written like this, the number of students majoring in Math, Physics, etc. would rise considerably. The presentation is clear, lucid and 
Keeping hope alive... All I can say is, for the first time, I ve found an author that has combined my favorite genres together! I adore the way she illustrates 
A Manifesto For Change. An incredible eye opener. Sam Harris presents in a logical, well documented fashion, a way of looking at organized religion that, I think, lurks in the 
Great book. After seeing the movie Breach about Robert Hanssen, and this book was a great follow-up to the movie. Provide plenty of well-researched details  
ENJOYED IT THEN AND JUST ENJOYED IT AGAIN!. I read this one for the first time in 1959, a year after it was published. This story has never left me. 
Not a Casual Read. I am a big time Covey fan and have read the 7 Habits several times. Now I am trying to re-read the 8th Habit again actually, 
Anna goes skinny dippin, cuts her hair, and loses her &quot;Ex.&quot;. Anna is in the south again - but this time on one of the islands off the coast of 
Best of 2000. I ve read numerous probably too many short story collections this year which were very good, but Venus Drive gets my vote for the best collection of 
A Great Comeback. After the disappointing third book in this series Rough Trails , this one is just great. The plot is thick, the characters are well developed and the 
Hillerman s fifth Navajo Detectives novel. Jim Chee witnesses a mysterious plane crash on a makeshift desert runway on the lonely Navajo reservation in Arizona. A body shows up near 
Densmore is an excellent drummer, but even better writter. This book will literary knock you down on the floor, how good it is. If you re fan of hippie era 
86 gender it is a great read for anyone. A short and easy read that is incredibly insightful into the psyche of the protagonist. Displays well the troubles of women 
DuBrul and the Corporation rock!. As many of you know, Cussler write the outline for these books, and the other writer Jack DuBrul writes most of the book.I really like 
Great starter book. Directions are clear. The photography is excellent. It s excellent for a loom beginner.  
Vivid and entertaining. When I read this book it helped me get ahead in history amazingly. I may just be one of those odd people, but to me, the 200 
Stuck in a rut?. Good book for those followers of Christ who have been playing church or going through the motions with God.An honest and opened heart toward God is 
Excellent for beginners!. I really loved the way Joyce and River presented an introduction to Paganism. Here are a couple of very grounded and logical people who are also very 
Outstanding review of the Bahian Yoruba-Muslim Revolt. Joao Jose Reis is one of the foremost chroniclers of 19th century Bahian society, and this book is his English-language masterpiece. Starting with 
Gorgeously illustrated masterpiece by Amy Tan. I bought and read this Moon Lady book because I m an AMY TAN ENTHUSIAST and love her work. This is a childrens book 
A frightening true story that should not be missed. The Hot Zone by Richard Preston takes you on a frightening journey into the realm of the planet s most deadly 
Much Needed Reprint of an Exceptional Book. I read this when I was a child in the early 1970 s, and really loved it! It s not a happy-sappy book. 
This book is a treasure!!. This is one of my all time favorite books.I first came across this book when I was living in Holland, and one day, while browsing 
Tall tales but true!. You can t help but love this book if you have any appreciation for trashy cinema and exploitation. Friedman lays out his whole life story and 
Maurice Sendak is the master. My children adored this book, and my grandbabies do as well. It s particularly good for the 3 to 6 age group. It has everything--monsters, 
My toddler loved this book. This is a very cute story. My 2 year old has decided that this is his favorite book. I am looking forward to buying more 
An online review by Courtney and Jenny. This book has opened our eyes to many issues we did not think about or explore prior to reading this book. Richard Rothstein 
Asks Really Hard Questions About God. This guy is pretty amazing. He asks really tough questions of God. He doesn t approach God from an evangelical, everything is wonderful in 
Superb illustrations, intelligent text!. Taschen triumphs again with a beautifully produced overview of Lichtenstein s entire career, with excellent reproductions of his major works and some less wellknown pieces. Essential 
Technique and mindset for the Chef-Philosophe. When a cook stops regarding his work asa process of rote food preparation from basic recipes, andinstead views it as a disciplined craft that 
The Hitchhiker s to the Galaxy. This book is about an Earthman named Auther Dent. The the Earth gets distroyrd, but Auther gets away on a ship with an Alien 
Honest. Honest is the only way to describe Lanford Wilson s Balm in Gilead. The title refering to the biblical verse about a balm to heal the mortal souls of 
Wharton is a writer who paints.....moving, unforgettable. The back cover of my book sites Wharton as a painter who writes. I think it is the other way around. I have 
Excellent history book!. The Balkans: Nationalism, War & The Great Powers, 1804-1999 of Misha Glenny is an excellent history book. It opens the eyes for the circumstances that stay hidden 
Rikki Tikki Tavi. I liked Rikki Tikki Tavi it was a really good book. There were lots of exciting and unexpected things happening. I liked the characters - my favourite 
A good 4. Above the middle; below the top. Quite a nice little book. On rereading I rated it higher than the first time.  
Excellent resource. Even though his book could be more organized, I give Dr. Cutler five stars for his content. I have owned the book for over four years and keep 
Fine overall message, but a bit too complex. Heard THE 8TH HABIT, read and writtenby Stephen R. Covey . . . I liked the overall message; i.e., weneed to find 
Vital information at an appropriate time!. After having read this book, I can t help but wonder how many lives have been damaged by the ignorance of those involved in 
Book Review: The Scientific Conquest of Death. When I heard this summer that the Immortality Institute was publishing its first book, The Scientific Conquest of Death: Essays on Infinite Lifespans, 
The Go To Book to Exploit Your Intellectual Assets. From Ideas to Assets remains the go-to book for intellectual property executives & businesses. It is essential reading for inventors, Boards 
Another Bolt of Lightning. I read and re-read Rick Schmidt s earlier Feature Filmmaking at Used Car Prices book, and it always gave me a charge and inspiration when I 
A True Classic. There is no other story told and re-told as much as P&P. This book transcends many generations with a true and tested story. The characters and story 
Exactly what I needed!. Getting back into the job market after nine years at home is exciting, but creating a resume scared me to death. I looked at several books 
The Romantic Outsider. Although not the greatest of Russian novels, this little book has a special place in my heart. There s just something about the devil-may-care attitude of Pechorin 
A travelogue with extensive details. Where is Patagonia? Dick Lutz provides an engaging and informative account of his trip to Patagonia and experiences of wildlife, history, and its present issues. 
Understanding the Bible better !!!!. I was very excited about the book The lost books of the Bible . We have spoke about this book in Bible study and I 
Easy to read, simple to implement. Perfect timing. The book has given me the information and the tools to take action now so that I can live an active healthy 
Excellent Book!. Meryl Runion has crafted an excellent resource that has relevance for every person who picks it up. She has a gift for finding the rights words for all 
What a great idea!. I bought the original edition of this book in 1994 when I was a teenager, but lost it when I moved a few years later. I 
Interesting Insights into Studying and Exploring Laughter. A purely simple behaviour at a glimpse, laughter has largely been under-studied. Provine discusses how he learned how to study laughter, and provides 
masterpiece of rural american humor. i was not prepared for how outrageously funny this book was. I didn t know a thing about erskine caldwell other than that this book 
Guidance for Daily Life. For over a year I ve been practicing the spirtual beliefs of the I Ching through this book, and I ve yet to find a better 
Absolutely Essential Reading. Although this not is a comprehensive volume of film theory, it s an invaluable resource for serious cinema students.Very highly recommended both as a reference text and 
Easy to Read and Understand. Good book for those new to Risk Management and a great refresher for those with more experience. It was nice to have so many &quot;Tricks 
Great Story. My 3yr old loves to this story and likes to make the noises of all the vehicles trying to get the truck out of the hole he also 
Objective and Factual. This is one of the most well written and researched books that I have read on contemporary Russia. The writer s based their observations on personal interviews 
Excellent book on trading. I have read many books on trading and this one stands out as one of the best. Very detailed, concise, comprehensive, and well written, this book 
Absorbing and Enriching. Loving historical fiction and sceptical of historical accuracy, I was wary of Gracelin O Malley. My fears were completely unfounded in this engrossing tale of honor, courage 
A story whose time has come to be told AND don t be put off by the book s cover!. Being a woman religious and having lived through a good 
A Masterly Work. This is the first novel I have read of Kazuo Ishiguro and I could not resist sighing reading the beautiful prose. The portrayal of the butler, his 
Very entertaining reality-romance novel. This book had the right blend of humor, reality, and romance. This book illustrates a common issue in relationships: Whether it is better to marry someone 
Fantastic. Excellent book. It was very thorough and well written  
A Lesson From Two Older Women. This is not a long read, but very interesting. It shows how a lot came be accomplished with a lot of inner strength . 
A Must Read For Anyone Interested In Epistemology. Not much to add given the reviews already put up. I d just suggest reading Hilary Putnam s RENEWING PHILOSOPHY and THE 
Great fun !. It s a story about three women getting back at their husbands for dumping them for younger and blonder models. They were friends in college, but drifted 
I read it in one day!!!!. From Book 1, I knew Cian was my favorite character. I couldn t wait to get to his story, and I bought VOS the 
Africa is harvesting what Europe sowed. This book fills in the foundations of what we are seeing being acted out in such places as Rwanda and the Sudan. These are 
Jean Grey returns from the dead!. X-Men : Phoenix Rising ressurects one of the most important characters in the Marvel Universe, Jean Grey! the book features the Avengers,Fantastic Four, and 
Love This Book!!!!. I really love all her books!! Can t wait for the next one!  
Wartlord of Mars & Thuvia, Maid of Mars; CONFUSED REVIEWS. For some reason, Amazon has mixed in reviews here that have NOTHING TO DO WITH THIS VOLUME. All the talk 
Finally here !. The missing Warren Ellis STORMWATCH trade paperback is finally here! For the past two years, fans who missed out on Ellis s stellar run on STORMWATCH, including 
Nature and Madness. One of the most compelling expositions on the subject in the ecological literature genre, this is a powerful work. Explaining in passionate detail, Shepard observes how the 
Mystic River. Dennis Lehane s Mystic River is a suspenseful, mind-teasing thriller that keeps the reader geussing and wanting to read more. One of three friends gets kidnapped and molested 
GORGEOUS BOOK!. This book is wonderful! Visually stunning, some of the pictures are enough to make you drool! Filled with extremely well photographed color and B&amp;W photos of museum quality 
Double Zeroes. House wins. The Dead Zone is quite possibly Stephen King s most moving work. Only a short way into this novel, written early in his career, the kind 
Valuable knowledge. I haven t finished this book yet, but already it has helped me diagnose and solve at least 5 problems with computers and in my job as a 
surreal, comic prose poems. this book is a fantastic bargain. it s a lesson in how creative a mind can be when able to free associate, but it still shows 
Excellent Review for Exam. This book is an excellent review of exam questions for those who have some general electrical engineering knowledge. A true novice may need more detailed explanations 
Insightful, eye-opening! It will definitely make you wiser, but. may not make you wise.My immediate response right after finishing the last page of this book: Had the author published a 
 A guy needs somebody to be near him....A guy goes nuts if he ain t got nobody. . Written in 1937, when the Depression was still affecting all aspects 
Finally - straight talk for a frazzled Mommy. It s nice to have a book say a line I ve been saying, I want to sell my child on eBay. 
Nature s meandering landscape [no spoilers]. A magically gifted Orb quests for the Llano, an omnipotent musical score, in Being A Green Mother , the fifth installment of the Incarnations 
Get Well, Get Well, Little Dinosaur!. This fine children s book teaches children about illnesses and how to get over them. Each brightly-colored dinosaur in the book has a different 
A different kind of book on Web Design. As a professional web designer, I really appreciate and relate to where Andy Clarke is coming from in this fantastic book. Web 
A Linguistic Approach. In The Political Language of Islam, Bernard Lewis attempts to trace the development of the political language of Islam from the Mohammedan Era, through the transformation of 
Great Book - If you read with open eyes. I struggled with this book at first, but time spent with the characters ends up being well spent.Yes, it is an 
Excellent Reference. This book makes for excellent reference material for those thinking of investing in a great rifle or simply enthusiastic about the art of rifles today.Exhaustive gun list covering 
excellent. This is really a mu  
Completes Stanislavski s classic series. This is another must-read for actors. This is the third and final book in his classic trilogy, and shows how to apply the techniques in 
One Of The Best Historians From The 19th Century!. Jacob Burckhardt 1818-1897 was one of the most brilliant historians of the 19th century. Burckhardt was a professor of history and 
This Bitch Is Crazy !. Annie Wilkes is off the chain. You all know that this book is about Paul Sheldon who gets into a car accident because he was 
Great for fitness exercise, would like a few more references for serious weightlifters. I would highly recommend this book for people simply interested in exercising for overall fitness, but I 
Satisfying read. A very romantic story. Somewhat graphic with quite of bit of swearing but in a low-key way. I read it and then read it again a few days 
The Truth and Nothing but the Truth. If you want to know the facts about all the information that is circulating about Jesus, Mary Magdalene and early church history, this 
Very helpfull. I m a 3rd-year student in Hotel management and for my Marketing course, I had to realize a marketing plan for a hotel. This book was very helpfull 
YET ANOTHER WINNER BY CHRISTOPHER MOORE. Yet another winner by Christopher Moore. I found myself riveted from the first page! Hilarious, wildy entertaining  
A Rewarding Read. Horgan s book, The End of Science , is sure to arouse curiosity and suspicion from any science enthusiast. Whether Horgan is shooting the breeze with Stepehen 
Most Appropriate for Basel II. If you are Banker Banking Consultant then this book is the closest you will get to understanding Credit Risk from a Basel II perspective. Its 
Good summary of Christian history. For some reason, I have not liked this work of narrative history that Paul Johnson has written, and for this reason I only give it 
The prolific nightmare that is just as true and real today as it was those generations ago. Erich Maria Remarque is one of the most brilliant minds of the last 
Lencioni gets it. It is clear that Patrick Lencioni understands the anatomy of North American business practice and keeps coming up with good books on the subject.He knows what is 
 Amazing is the only word!. This is truly an amazing piece of work written by a genius. Alot of people label Icke as a conspiracy theorist, amongst many worser 
Delicious!!. Centennial and Lonesome Dove remain two of the BEST books I ve ever read! It s like a memorable meal or movie that you just can t forget and 
Tibet s History told by the Dalai Lama in Conversation. History throughout the ages has usually been told through conversations and discussion. But then specialists got into the act and 
Brings presidential history alive. Although this book is about the deaths & funerals of this nations chief executives, it brings history alive for folks like myself who enjoy all things 
Excellent exploration into human nature. It took me a few chapters to get totally hooked on this narrative. At first, I wondered why I d want to read a book 
Entertaining and Enlighting. In this short, focused book Jay Rubin gives us his view on the misconceptions in the approach of many Westerners to the Japanese language and adds a 
Activate Your Training. Mel Silberman is the master of active training. Just skimming his book gave me a handful of new ideas I applied to my training. Reading the book 
A must-have for your Thomas collection. As nearly all of the original Railway Series is out of print, and the ones that are in print have been butchered into a 
Great Book!. I m reading this book right now and I love it! I used to read his articles years ago in Field and Stream and Outdoor Life and Sports 
For the player, listener, anything-piano person. I have been very impressed by this book. It is flat out the single most comprehensive piano book I have seen, and for someone 
best 80 cents I ever spent!. Beautiful works. Major bargain. I read them to my baby  
The Schema Therapy Bible. This highly professional yet clearly articulated book covers the history, concepts, and techniques of Schema Therapy. While this therapeutic approach originated in cognitive therapy, it has 
Solid architectural level work. This is not a software API reference. This is a walkthrough of the architecture of RFID from the historical, through the hardware, and into the application 
jmf. This has REAL information in it and actual application methods. This cd was much more valuable to me than its cost by far  
Beautiful, simple, creative. This is another great book for toddlers by Lionni. It encourages children to imagine and demonstrates different methods to express ideas on paper. My daughter, who is 
A Good Read. An Old Fashioned Girl begins with a teenage girl, Polly who visits her cousins in the city. There, she realises that they are exactly the opposite of 
Honest, In Depth and Heartbreaking. I ve long been very familiar with the 1st Marine Division s history at the Chosin, but until I read Roy Appleman s book I 
Good debut effort from new cozy mystery writer. This book is presented to the world as the first novel of a new writer. It follows the plotting conventions of the 
Rich and whimsical. A wonderfully written story , a masterpiece of contemporary Israeli literature , rich in imagery and deeply human.It is the story of the boy Zayde and his 
cool. it is awsome i recomend it to any i m sure i ll reread this boo  
Dale Brown is the technothriller master. I merely added this to my dale brown collection  
Perimortem damage to both younger lady and teenaged boy. Good book in general, readable, and willing to challenge entrenched opinion. I don t know what Hawass problem is, but from 
Flannery O Connor was reincarnated as this man. Johnson is one of our greatest and most underappreciated living authors yes, underappreciated, even though he has been lavishly praised by critics 
A Comedy and Tragedy. George Orwell in Homage to Catalonia wrote an outstanding book on his perspective of the Spanish civil war not a journalist reporting on what they saw 
Quality thinking for Academic Administrators. It seems some days that there are as many books available on the topic of leadership as there are leaders, all of them covering the 
Pretty good read. Leaves out lots of the details. I like the overall point of this book. I also agree with a lot of the stuff he teaches in regards 
A variety of recipes and excellent nutrition exchange info. A good general cookbook with some of the best nutrition exchange information. Searching bookshelves, I ve been surprised at how few 
I am already perfect... but I can always use a refresher and learn new things to please my wife. And thanks to Mr. Boreth I am now even more perfect! 
Great Read Storyline!!!. This book is beautifully written, and has a great storyline. We also purchased Grandpa Rides a Harley, and had to have this one also  
Great for Teaching the Seasons. I recently purchased this book for my kindergartener to do a book project. He needed a book about the seasons, and this one fit perfectly. 
Must read. This little volume is undeniably one of the most discussed works of ethical philosophy in the Western tradition. It stems from Kant s work on metaphysics, established in 
 can t keep this to myself . I have been an admirer of Wally Lamb for quite awhile now. But when I read that he was volunteering his time 
providing insight. This collection of a series of interviews will give anyone interested in Miller s plays insight into his themes and thought processes, and how his personal life has 
A story that will hit you. There is times when sometimes i don t have the time to watch movies or read books.One time one of my friends had let 
Good Reference for Application Design. As a technical writer in the computer industry, I can only say that I wish every application engineer would have this book on their shelf 
The Ansel Adams Address Book. This is a beautiful address book and the spaces are large enough for email and cell phone too. I love it  
A Rambo Bond with mental problem. A complex plot that may keep you hooked, but the main combatant Delta Cain is unbelievebly tough -- he beats up or kills countless 
For Experts Only!. Don t get me wrong here. This book has the most detailed, true to life 3-Dimensional models around, including the dragon, horse, box of cigarrettes, nut &amp; 
Great Resource. As a first year middle school teacher, this book has been an essential addition to my teacher resource library. I have used many of the material to create 
Intriguing mystery around her death and a fast-paced life. My mom sent me this book - Natalie Wood was before my time. I was surprised at the sex and drugs 
Beautifully presented. Baking with Julia is just a book that must be owned by all baking-enthusiasts because of its concise directions, it s beautiful pictures, and the satisfaction of sharing 
A quick, fair read. This book is a pretty good read. It is not a first person account but stands alone fairly well. It wouldn t hesitate to recommend it 
Complexity of an El Pasoan explained. If there is anyone, regardless of background that wants to comprehend Hisapnic culture, this story is the best source. It gives a good description 
A great resource to conquer or avoid rocky patches. Even if your marriage isn t on the brink, you will gain so much from reading this book. By applying the 
A Good Introduction to Indian Cooking. The Indian Spice Kitchen is a good reference book for learning about the spices that are common in Indian cooking. The information is classified 
An Inspirational Book on the Power of Prayer. I, like many people, started praying when I was old enough to talk. I vividly remember my favorite Aunt teaching me the 
What a delight!. Curl up with a warm cup of of cappuccino by the fire and enjoy a glimpse into the private photobooth sanctuaries of another era. What a delightful 
You Might Be In The Hamlet If ... You ve ever cohabited with a cow you possess a goddesslike ability to enslave men s bodies and despoil their minds-while having 
Briliant and funny. Craig Womak s &quot;Red on Red&quot; is a briliant analysis of the current state of Native Literature. He gives the reader insights and guidance for understanding native 
Some questions remain.. If you have not read this book, please be aware this review contains information you probably don t want to read...I just finished the book and I 
Excellent, Even Handed Book. I listened to Robert Reich s book on CD, and it is excellent. Riech does not preach or act condescending to moderates, who are needed on 
Excellent Book for the Health Conscious Cook!. This is an excellent resource for over 400 easy and elegant recipes. Not only are the recipes delicious, the author teaches you how 
always a &quot;buy and read immediately!&quot;. Lindsey Davis Marcus Didius Falco mysteries offer so many things I enjoy: a convincing street-level view of history, charming characters and a few who 
Still The Best. Receiving my first copy of The Way of Zen in 1959 set me on the path of exploring both the literature and the practices of Eastern traditions 
this is a test. I sent in a review relating this book to music but not sure if i did it under my account name or not  
The Best Book on Stud Poker. I initially did not feel I played at the levels that would make purchasing this book helpful to my game. I bought some lower 
Does the job with captivating interest. German is my sixth formally-learned language. I ve used eight introductory grammars extensively.For me, there might be too much explanation and examples, but these 
Moving story of Chinese family life and the student movement. There are two wonderful things about this book: first, Shen Tong s charming account of life growing up in Beijing 
Brockden Brown s Twisted Imagination. This novel is an excellent journey through the dark, disturbing wilderness of 18th century America and its dangers. The wars that raged between Natives and 
Facts and pictures about butterflies using the alphabet. A wonderful way to learn the alphabet is using nature to represent each letter. Jerry Pallotta has offered yet another text with 
Highly recommended!. I read this book before I got married. This is one of the best marriage book that I have ever read And I read a lot of them 
Car Living My Way. I have a history of living in cars several times less than a month each time well before this book was written. I see the book 
It s ALL good!. If you ve read the original &quot;That s good, that s bad&quot; then you know exactly what you re in for with the &quot;Grand Canyon&quot; edition. 
Ultimate political thriller. In this novel of political dirty dancing and murder, a different side of John Sandford s evil genius emerges. This is not a Lucas Davenport thriller. That 
Take a Big Step Beyond Dogma and Expand Your Mind. The Jesus Seminar is controversial, but deep down I think these guys are as faithful as anyone, in that they 
Wow, These People are...Human. I grew up in the 70 s and I still believe that decade was the last great movie era of Hollywood. THE GODFATHER, CHINATOWN, JAWS, ONE 
Immortal in deed Eve is . I found this book to be extremely entertaining. I am loving how the story line between Eve and Rourke just keeps going to different 
The best!. This is my choice of book accompanying LDraw. This book make an extensive treatment of the basics, which is good, but makes it a bit thick as quick 
It gets the job done. Just remeber that, like most REA Clep study books, not all questions in the sample tests find an answer in the main text. You don 
Both Worldy Paranoia Classics. Both works are inspiring pieces of worldly paranoia, that is truth, quoted well into the twenty first century as the future, and it is, not because 
An author who deserves to be more widely read. I have read all of his books and he seems to me to be getting better and better.Drama City deals with 
1 of the 3 best Novels on VietNam. This book has never gotten the respect due it and that is a shame. This is the best early war novel on 
GET A GRIP POST-LITERATE PEOPLE - LEARN TO READ ALREADY!. First of all, if you really need to see the story about as completely as you can understand in your 
A good primer for historiographical debates. I found this book very helpful in understanding the methodologies behind the different &quot;houses&quot; of historiography. As the first reviewer stated, it can sometimes 
An essential book on Hollywood. Halfway through this title, I thought it was a good read and I was happy I picked it up. At the end of the book 
its suspensful and will keep you reading for hours. this book is very cool! all i can say is that it will keep you reading! a foreign space ship the 
Great for baby. This book is a lot of fun for baby and it introduces them to books that can t be ripped . Highly recommended  
Excellent. Whether you re in prison or you re a millionaire, you ll benefit from reading Proust. Look for Viking s Penguin newest, most complete translations for optimal enjoyment  
A must have for the Organized New Mom. This was the best purchase I made in anticipation of our new baby. I m a first time mom and would have 
Great book, well organized. I ve recently become fascinated with dinnerware from the mid-twentieth centurty and have collected many individual pieces manufactured by Homer Laughlin. This book allowed me to 
A CLASSIC. I find it so sad that so few people have read or reviewed this masterpiece. I m sorry to say it, but if it was on Christianity or 
A refreshing collection of essays pleasurable to read and digest. Christened the best wine writer in America by Salon, Jay McInerney is truly the master of the grape, sans pomposity. 
Pass the mutton!. This is a coming of age fantasy that young teenagers will enjoy and an out and out comedy for everyone else. The main character, a young girl 
Great characters. This is a well-written story combining the elements of a political spy novel with those of a Greek tragedy. Set in Argentina, Greene tells the tale of a 
Only health book you will every need. Everyone should have this book, it is simple and affordable for all to use their health giving uses for sole. It will make 
No frills tuition. I love this book. It s takes a no frills, no mercy approach to teaching drawing. Surprisingly it has very few images but I find the text 
A parable of devastation and perseverence, a Masterful work... Initially I struggled with the story and especially the mechanics of the writer s style. The absence of punctuation took some 
Reviewed by Jim Melcher. Former New York Governor Mario Cuomo, one of the most prominent figures in Democratic Party politics of the late 20th century, has written several books since 
great resource. My uncle, who has been taking vitamins for years, recommended this book to me when I asked him for a single reference that would tell me about vitamins, 
A surprise. This was my first experience of de Beauvoir, and I remember it vividly: I was seventeen and staying at my grandparents house, supposedly studying for my final high 
It s like a jini. I used this book in my operating systems course, and since then I ve always relied on it. I ve read alot of books, but 
A must-have for nature and environmental photography collections. Great Sand Dunes National Park: Between Light And Shadow is a collection of essays and photographs by Boulder, Colorado-based nature photographer John 
Good reference book for intermediate to advanced players. This is a good book for players who already have a good grasp of the blues. It s a great reference book 
No matter what your slant, the book is hard to put down. Right off the bat, the biggest value of the book is Goldberg s selection of target people. Because 
conforming thought to faith. In my mind, this is one of the most important books written in the twentieth century. Strong words, I admit; please allow me to make my 
Can t Handle the Truth. Robert Spencer does an adequate job of sharing the truth of Muhammad with non-muslims. He declares, Many non-muslims cannot accept the reality of what Muhammad 
A solid record. This account of the Wars of Israel from the War of Independence is written with fairness and a real attention to the facts. Herzog can fault Israel, 
Good friends. I own about twenty audio books on the Civil War and countless books and periodicals. I have already listened to this one twice and will probably listen a 
A must read book on history of Quantum Physics. This is the book to read all about the development of Quantum Theory day by day with quotations from individuals, excerpts 
Great book for those of us who will never see F1. It has been a while since I read this book, but I disagree with those who only see it 
This book is a gem!. If you are going to rebuild any engine and want to add horsepower as you go then this book is the ideal book to read 
Emotional, Insightful and Emphatic!. The book is simply excellent. The way author has described the events of a whole day and the way he has highlighted the life of Harry 
Tremendous book!. A wonderful book about baseball in the early part of the century. You can imagine yourself sitting next to the old guys listening to their stories of baseball 
The Difference Between Competent and Incompetent Militaries. Not all books by Osprey Publishing are created equal. This book, however, is one of the better ones in the Essential Histories series. 
Great for Teachers and Students. Superb text. Worked out of this book, page by page with 10 college theatre students. Highly recommend it for academic use and for personal reading. 
cool but confusing. In this sequel to The Book Of Night With Moon, feline wizards Rhiow and Urruah, along with new wizard Arhu, journey to London, England to help the 
Enthusiastic, Excellent Biography. Sam Weller s The Bradbury Chronicles is a well researched, upbeat biography of Ray Bradbury. Weller s enthusiasm is both his strength, and, at times, his weakness. 
 Snow s not simple at all... . This novel is easily one of the best books I ve ever read. After simply reading the very first sentence of Gregory 
Wonderfully Uplifting. I ve homeschooled my children for three years now and was looking for a bit of uplifting and new ideas for us. This book is great and totally 
Amazing. I ve read the entire book and could understand many of the topics of the theoretical physic  
Great for Beginners. I bought this book while deployed in Kosovo and I absolutely love it. The spiral binding makes it easy to look at while performing the exercises and 
Essential. Rawls clearly sucks in great chunks of political thought - Kantianism, Utilitarianism, free market capitalism, utopian socialism, the Enlightenment idea of human progress in this capacious work. At the 
Amazing. This book was utterly amazing. It made me realize some things I have never thought of when reading some of the books he discussed. I found it both entertaining 
Book was very informative and useful. Book was great but I couldn t believe the price when I saw it. I can get the same book for about 20 less. 
funniest play. this farce is flat-out shakespeare s funniest play. the courtship of petruchio and katherina, his shrew, is laugh-out-loud funny. this is more than you can say about many 
The Story of the Rise of a Man beyond natural abilities to greatness. This is by far one of the greatest books I have ever read. It details the amazing 
If For Dummies Means Comprehensible... If For Dummies means, clear, comprehensible, well illustrated, and fun to read to boot, then Excel Sales Forecasting for Dummies is true to its name. 
New Treatment of Old Concept. Consultant s Calling is not the most well written book, but the concept of being called to the consulting profession is new treatment to this 
Must Read Must Do. This book goes beyond a must read to a must do. It provides clear, compelling guidance for growing stronger, better performing companies from within. It challenges 
Love to cook - love to eat even more!. OK...I m not a big fan of Martha, every time I see her on TV I can t help but wonder 
Wow. I d seen this book on the shelves at the library, but I had always passed over it because it was too non-linear for my research. Boy, was that 
This book does not say its all in your head . Nor does it say you are a hypochondriac, or you want to feel bad to get out of work...The 
Elsa Beskow books are classic and heartwarming. In an age of pop up books and over stimulating books, Elsa Beskow books were a wonderful find for us. The illustrations are 
A Really Fun Translation of a Classic.... I have read four translations of this novel and James Falen s is my favorite one. He has translated Pushkin s classic in 
Black and White. It is a stunning story of a 20 year old black youth, Bigger Thomas, born and raised in Chicago slum in a fatherless home. He has known 
Shocking, Engrossing... I rated this as a very challenging classroom text -- and with good reason. Hong Ying s plain, forthright language, and un-embellished, brutally honest description make this book 
Muy bien. I stood in a bookstore reference section and compared 4 different Spanish English dictionaries for about 15 minutes before buying this one. It is easy to use, updated 
Honest, beautiful and sometimes heartbreaking. I had the pleasure of meeting Gessner at a bookstore he made an appearance at. I bought two of his books, &quot;Wild Rank..&quot; and &quot;Return 
A worthy sequel to an excellent book. John Stossel has gone back to press and come up with another winner. Give Me a Break! gave those who believed in government 
In memory of my 3rd grade Teacher - Mrs Paula Neill. The memeory of my 3rd grade teacher, Mrs Paula Neill, inspired me to research this tradegy and, in the 
They Rode Past A Great Many Turnip Fields... This is my second favorite of all Gorey tales, behind only The Doubtful Guest. The story concerns Embley and Yewbert, who, after 
Saunders At His Best. Forget about Saunders previous collection CivilWarLand in Bad Decline -- The Wavemaker Faulters is the only story in that collection that I would consider great. In 
The best introduction to Faulkner!. Faulkner is one of my personal favorite authors. I had to read him in Eng 101 in college, and to my astonishment, I loved his 
Its benefit depends on what you are looking for. I have been a Zope Plone developer for over a year and that is also the total amount of time I 
Haunting tale of Love and Murder. Artist Emma Beck was adopted as a baby. She is now alone since both her adopted parents are dead. She travels to the town 
Sung Buddhism. Studies of Buddhism in China continue to flourish, and this is an excellent collection of essays that showcase the strengths of a historically-informed understanding of this religious tradition. 
The bottom line won t feed your soul. Capitalism improves the lives of people more effectively than any other economic system. But the underlying principles of capitalism, efficiency and the 
Wonderful!. This is a wonderful little book and shows, believe it or not, the &quot;tender&quot; side of General Jackson. While the mere mention of Jackson s immortal sobriquet, &quot;Stonewall,&quot; would 
A FABULOUS READ. I never do this, but I just picked up this book the other day. I started reading it and could NOT put it down. It was very 
Frank Herbert and Robert A. Heinlein on par with each other. I have two favorite authors, first is Frank Herbert, and second is Robert A. Heinlein.Here s something that you 
Humour theory explained. To date, the best book I have read on humour theory. Not ha-ha, but the historical idea that the body s natural state is a combination of 
Delightful. I think it s very funny that she doesn t waste paper by diving right in with tips and doesn t bother to space out paragraphs. I actually like 
Just as good as I expected. So, there I was. I was about to buy a new book and I really had to think hard about what to buy - 
Sensational Sequel to the Peter Pan Prequel! Can t Wait to Read Escape from the Carnivale. Normally adult fiction and non fiction authors Dave Barry and Ridley Pearson have again 
Classic. Awesome! Couldn t put it down. Steinbeck either writes short, tight novels or long, intense sagas. At over 600 pages, East of Eden is the latter. East of Eden 
entertaining and wise. I really enjoyed this book. Matthew Bortolin uses the story of Star Wars across all six movies to illustrate Buddhist concepts and uses Buddhist concepts to highlight 
Excellent intro to Investment theory. I studied the entire book for my Investment Management course at Stellenbosch University in South Africa and found it very complete from the point of 
The Monsters Finally Win. Monsters are Attacking Tokyo is a must for anyone who grew up with Godzilla and his many friends from Toho Studios. It is a book that 
If You Really Loved Me: 100 Questions on Dating, Relationships and Sexual Purity. I gave this book to my 22 yr old daughter and she really loved it. There are 
Stinky Cheese... funny? YES!. The story is narrated by Jack from Jack and the Beanstalk. It is separated into a few short funny stories based on well known fairy tales. 
EXCELLENT SOURCE OF INFORMATION FOR THOSE WITH OR CARETAKERS OF THOSE WITH EPILEPSY. I read the entire book and I have implemented some of the nutritional suggestions which Ms. Murphy 
EXCELLENT End Time Truth. This is a superb book. It is full of information for anyone who wants to start to look into prophecy and it is also great for 
Nate the Great. Nate the Great Goes UndercoverWritten by Marjorie Weinman SharmatIf you like to solve mysteries, you would like to read Nate the Great Goes Undercover by Marjorie Weinman 
My Pick for Best Customer Service Book. I should state that my approach to customer service is unique in that I teach IT Profesionals how to provide better service to 
So Dark. So Beautiful. Zadie Smith has filled WHITE TEETH with cultural tension that drips from every relationship. Samad worries that his sons are being corrupted like all the other 
Well Written an Wortht the Wait. I am late in writing this review , but I needed to after reading one, that was very unfair. Mrs. Jackson delivered as always 
Artemis Fowl sequel. The now 13-year old criminal mastermind, Artemis Fowl, is up to new tricks, and more terrific adventures. Too short but a good read  
One of my Favorite Books on Marketing and Business. In a world of dense, boring marketing and business theory books, The Pursuit of Wow! is a rare standout. The book 
Great reading for all ages. I loved this book! I m an adult, but even so I raced through this story. Maya is a wonderful, spunky character, who s warm, 
Not bad.. I ll start by stating that the book did stick to it s title: The Mysteries of Creation THE GENSIS STORY. To help one better gauge this book, 
a sacred text from the 20th century. A Voyage to Arcturus is science fiction in the same sense that the Bhagavad-gita is a war story. .... Hmmmm, well,... you guys 
briliant masterpiece !!!. classic sci-fi book - must read  
A Defense of Holden Caulfield. It seems like the reviews of The Catcher in the Rye are fairly polarized. Some people identify strongly with Holden Caulfield, while others tend to 
A Fabulous Read. I can easily see why Look Homeward, Angel is an American classic.The story is rambling and diverse, with a host of characters who are strong-willed and self-assured 
Showing Students How to Think and to Not Inherit the Wind. Defeating Darwinism by Opening Minds is directed at a lay audience who is trying to understand how to open 
A delightful blend of contemporary fantasy and satire. There probably isn t too much more to say about this book that the good reviews above don t already say, but 
Money-saving money-making advice for any literate traveler. Now in an significantly updated and expanded third edition, Travel Writer s Guide by world traveler and author Gordon Burgett is a straightforward 
The Perfect Italian Cookbook. This is not a cookbook that is filled only with recipes. Marcella Hazan spends the first 50 or so pages giving you an intimate lesson in 
THE BEST! BUY IT NOW!. This amazing book has EVERYTHING. Is it a gorgeous coffee table book- or an easy to read, invaluable how to ? It s both- and 
Oldie, but goodie!. This is the first sign language book I bought for my hearing children. It still is one I take to the schools when I talk to hearing 
Wonderful book to read and read again!. I keep reading Out on the Rim because of the great story telling ability of Ross Thomas. All of his stories are complex 
Truth behind comedy.... Mr. Doocy has written a howl of a funny book.Yet the best comedy alwayshas a ring of truth behind it.. in particular the honeymoon leper colony.Twenty seven 
Perfect guide. this book is probably the best guide book I have ever used. It has really good info. It has information on both rims of the canyon and some 
An indispensable reference book for all theatre techies !. Working backstage? Asked by your local community theatre to pitch in doing props? Foolishly said, &quot;Of course I can build a 
The Arthurian myths new life. Working from original sources such as the Winchester manuscript and the famous book by Thomas Malory, Steinbeck recreates the essential mythical stories of Britain s 
London Match is a book about espionage in the 1980 s. London Match by Len Deighton is a book about Benard Sampson, a spy working for London Central and his 
Excellent adventure novel. Exciting and highly entertaining story about 3 men who travel to the centre of the earth through an extinct volcano. Here they come across prehistoric forests, a 
Offering picnic fare with a twist: new ideas and dashes of innovation. Robin Vietta-Miller s Picnics: Easy Recipes For The Best Alfresco Foods arrives just in time for summer and 
I could almost believe it. This was a pretty good book. I found the beginning to drag a lot and a few times I really wanted to put it down 
EXCELLENT. Exellently written and excellent information.The best thing about this book is that I didn t really need to read it at all!.But most people from CEO s to students 
Excellent narrative of Billy Beane and his bean counter approach. Lewis has written a fascinating study of the bean counter approach ,used by Billy Beane and the Oakland Athletics to 
F KING BRILLIANT!!!. I expected to be disappointed with this book . . . but it is destined to be a classic! And when I read the section on zombie 
great product. As a second grade teacher I m always looking for fun ways to teach my students. This book is a terrific resource for teaching cursive. The pages are 
Enjoyable read and good information. Enjoyed ONE THING AT A TIME by Cindy Glovinsky . . . its subtitle says it all: 100 SIMPLE WAYS TO LIVE CLUTTER-FREE EVERY DAY.There 
Very Helpful. A big help for anyone who like me is not a native English speaker. The Wrong Word Dictionary has helped me to become a better writer. I am 
Front row seating... This book was awesome, and the whole time I was reading it, I felt as though I was journeying right along beside Chris. A definite must-read  
Bloody Bambi Story. I ve read Watership Down and the Birth of the Firebringer, and I didn t feel this book Fire Bringer was a let down compared to the 
Solitary Genius vs Accumulated Truth . With the zeal of Quixote, Harold Bloom sallies forth into the maw of time and the accumulated cobwebs that shroud the universal truths of 
Accurate Well Written Story of the Man and his Times. A book of politics, and the craving for power that drives some people to do almost anything to get that 
Excellent. This collection of books is wonderful. I just wish they had 16-20 in a set other than audio. I bought them seperately but the series are wonderful  
Great, but... I love McEwan s writing enough to forgive him for the few faults this novel almost conceals. At its best, the prose evokes Fitzgerald s effortless beauty. At 
Great Biography of a Very Unusual Person and Family!. Diana was of the fabled Mitford sisters, and with the exception of her suicidal sister, Unity, the most bizarre. Both were 
Dupin and Holmes = One in the same. The Murders in the Rue Morgue is the short story I read, but it was not from this edition. I have the 
A Very Absorbing Read. So far, I have read Standing in the Rainbow, this book and am now finishing Daisy Fay and the Miracle Man. I really liked them all. 
Absolutely Outstanding !. Not just a great collection of recipes, this book has many wonderful little-known facts of American culinary history, such as the rise of victory gardens, how the 
A Must Have for your cookbook library!. As a volunteer educator of food preservation, specializing in pickling and sauerkraut for the state extension service, I highly recommend this book to 
An excellent reference and in depth look at celtic research. This book is chock full of information. The articles are organized according to subject matter. I like the book because 
Intruiging Novel. Thought this was a very interesting novel. Fantastic writing that you ll need to slow down a bit to savor and fully appreciate.  
Fantastic!!!. This book was wonderful. I saw myself over and over again. Angela has a wonderful way of saying what most feel  
If you like Amazon, you ll like this. I have been fascinated with Amazon.com since its inception. This book is a humorous account of the early days of the online 
Wisdom and Yoga working together. With this book, Suze Francina - Certified Iyengar Yoga teacher, applies Yoga and its therapeutic use to the challenging stage of menopause in a women 
Great book for review and supplemental information!. This book is written in a consise easy-to-follow format and went along perfectly with a music history college class I was taking. I 
Islam exposed. reading this book gives you comparisons.As a Christian,we need to be as informed as possible to other mindsets. Nadia REhmani author of Sharper Than A Two Edged sword,that 
Great Text Book. This was the assigned text for a class I took. It was an excellent text book: clearly written, well organized, and easy to study. The key points 
Corny as hell. Camp, silly, and for adults only. Yet the artwork is well done and if you are a fan of vampires I would suggest it for your collection. 
Market economies perform best. The author demonstrates that market economies perform best. To be able to do this, some prerequisites are necessary:- stable prices low inflation - sufficient laws e. 
We Want Liberty. Communism-Police State in New Guise. We want LIBERTY.LIBERTY FIRST & FOREVER.Communism-Police State in New Guise.Amitai Karl Marx Etzioni is really just re-dressing the old Communistargument in the 
Very powerful book. This, for me, captures the pure terror that often attends childhood, and the process of dealing with things you can t understand. It s also a brilliant 
A Gem. This is a very strange and beautiful book in pictures. It reads like a dream if you tune in to it, and reveals very deep meanings about the 
Sheep on a ship. The book Sheep on a ship is about some sheep that try to sail. The book shows you what happens when sheep try to sail. The 
Fascinating!. A strangly fascinating book...didn t expect it to be so engrossing. Lived in Chicago for a time, and find I knew little about the history.The parallel plot was a 
Lots of fun, albeit with some reservations. This was one of those oh my goodness, I didn t know this was out moments in the store. I hardly ever do 
Giving war a face. War is never a good thing. This book can give us a picture of what we were fighting against. We were not just fighting for our 
Pure Genius. After reading the first book in the series I fell in love with Bartimaeus and his biting wit. I had to read the next one well listen to 
great review and overview. This is an excellent introduction, summary and critique of globalization for anthropologists social scientists individuals interested in such topics. You ll find the text readable and 
A Great Baby Gift. This is a terrific book. My 10 month old got it for Christmas and some people thought it was too young for him, but no way, 
Royal unstoppable force meets ecclesiastical immovable object. What miserable drones and traitors I have nourished and promoted in my household, who let their lord be mocked so shamefully by a 
The Nurturing Touch at Birth: A Labor Support Handbook. In this age of high-tech birth, it is refreshing to have a book that addresses what Polly Perez describes as the 
A compelling short history. This book is an abridged version of two much longer books Pipes has written RUSSIA UNDER THE OLD REGIME and RUSSIA UNDER THE BOLSHEVIK REGIME . 
Excellent!. This book was wonderful. Very well written and hilarious! Even though deployments can be a hard time, I enjoyed that she composed this book with a light-hearted and humorous 
What Else Can Be Said. Hayek was arguably the key intellectual force in the twentieth century. Long after Keynes is relegated to the dustbin of forgotten scribblers, Hayek will shine. 
The Complete Guide to Public Speaking by Davidson. This is an excellent presentation for students of formalpublic speaking. It covers model speakers, target audiences,content, gestures and many of the fine 
Cary Grant as a Definitive Style Icon in a Handsome Pictorial Book. It is simply fact that throughout his lengthy career, Cary Grant epitomized a suave elegance that remains unparalleled 
Yummy!. Do you love goodies? Well, I love bakery goodies that are way better than homemade...and not the ones that taste like shortening was the biggest ingredient. This book includes 
A classic. I love the Dover Trift Editions. They re a bit flimsy, but for the price, they can t be beat. Carl Sandburg s poems paint a colorful, often 
Stunning. There are many assumptions one would have when picking up a book that is essentially the memoir about dealing with the death of the author s husband and its 
Super Calcium Counter. Great book and the recipes are both nutritious and easy. Good advice on preventing osteoporosis -breakthrough medications - Bone Boosting vitamins and minerals and easy to read. 
A great Guide. This is an easy book to read no complicated words just right to the point no misguiding information, plus it has everything you need from top to 
A Beautiful Mind. Dr. Stern s prose is beautiful. He presents, in near poetry-format, a fascinating look into the mind of an infant. Starting at 4 weeks and continuing to 
Business Globalization Requires Positive Thinking. As schools of management extend their brands worldwide, one of the most important elements missing may be cultural awareness. &quot;The Power of Positive Thinking in 
Are you fascinated by history, but tend to struggle when reading historical books? . Books written by Michael and Jeff Shaara just might offer the best chance to bring history 
Knowing God by J. I. Packer. Our small group at church is reading and discussing the book. We are older adults whose ages range from mid-fiftes to early seventys. None 
Tender, nostaligic, haunting. The main theme of this charming novel is how important it is to understand the irretrievable passage of time and to savor the good times that come 
The definitive Emily Dickinson poetry collection. There s no need for me to comment on Emily Dickinson, or her phenomenal poetry that is the content of this book. It will 
Great Book. Just to comment on James LeMay s comment. I respect his opinion, but I think he is way off in saying those remarks about this book. It has 
Superlative. After Mr. Peterson s superb, definitive version of THE LESSER KEY OF SOLOMON, he has followed it up with a superlative edition of Mysteriorum Libri Quinti. This is a 
All You Need to Know to Get Started. Some years back it looked like X-10 was going to revolutionize how houses were built. There would be automatic controls of lights, 
Suddenly the themes in his other books make some sense... This is an autobiographical novel following the authors attempts to make sense of the weird world we inhabit.I have read 
Good humor. Its a nice little book with good humor.I got it for my mother when her health starting declining, she loved it and ordered some for her friends.Definitely irreverent... 
Lean Six Sigma for Dummies!. As the Director of Lean Six Sigma for our company, I was looking for a good primer to use to give folks an overview of 
THE complete cookbook for lovers of ITALIAN. Anyone who has been to Italy knows how different the food tastes to eating Italian in this country.If you want to replicate the 
A Rare Find!. Excellent - A Rare Find! What more can I say  
Some Great Short Stories. This volume contains the nineteen stories that Truman Capote published, plus The Bargain , a story never before published.Reynolds Price, in his introduction, states that Hemingway 
Think and Become Great. Many life coaches and business gurus use most of what Napoleon Hill learned over 50 years ago. Anthony Robbins has built most of his core philosophy 
A MUST READ BEFORE YOU START A BUSINESS. THE AUTHOR COVERS BUSINESS PRINCIPLES IN A MANNER THAT YOU DONT COVER IN ANY BA OR MBA PROGRAM THAT I EVER HEARD. 
Great Ideas--But Beware!. I bought this edition as a teaching supplement, not realizing that it is the folio version of the play. The words quarto and folio refer to the 
Baseball Fan. Take an outside look back at the early era of what would be the beginning of one of the most influential owners today George Steinbrenner and the 1978 
Insights for success from the the trials of experience. This work relates the intangible qualities of a successful sales personality to the tangible principle of lessons to learn for individuals 
A book to give to your manager!. Finally! A book that adresses an important and overlooked area for improving management skills and developing leaders. The book emphasizes and explains the 
Heartwarming. Heartwarming....the perfect gift for any teacher or yourself. You will be encouraged by these stories  
An intriguing surprise. I voraciously read books on the American Revolution and that wonderful, rich pantheon of personalities and talent that the United States was so fortunate in having themcoming 
Wonderful architectural moralism. Ruskin is a master in morality and architecture. This combination, which is very nineteenth-century-like, mixes Ruskin with a wonderful mastery of the English language. The Seven Lamps 
Good but need to be revised for Digital Camera era. The book was printed in 1998. Therefore, you will find about 30 cover in a dark room. I mean the 
TOO IMPORTANT TO IGNORE, YET TOO FLAWED TO ACCEPT WHOLESALE. I feel Larry Kramer s pain. Really, I do. I ve seroconverted. I m a recovered crystal meth abuser.What I 
happy uncomplicated stories. Easy reading for a light mi  
One of the best books of all time. This is the best book I ve read since Life of Pi. Definitely Julian Barnes best yet.  
Straight to the point. I first came across Gunnar s dvd sometime last year, and I decided to buy his book.I have used Gunnar s ab exercises and leg workouts 
Riddles Make Writers. Children love the riddle format of this guessing game book. In the course of reading, they learn about letters and sounds, questions and answers, and predicting and 
It s Jesse not Jonathan. This was a fun read and well written. However, I am addicted to his folks, Jonathan and Faye Kellernan, and Jesse is very good, but 
Rock On White Protestant America!. This book has good pictures that tell a good story, it made me feel real good to read this, to see that some people cares 
Lewis at his best. This book is short but covers the topic well. This is one of the most concise and clear books I have ever read. An excellent piece 
Great. This is the best translation ever. I found this specific Homeric Hymn to be the one that you must absolutely must read.  
What a lovely Johnson. B.S. Johnson is the most important writer you ve never heard of. read his books, learn the truth you little cryptorchid  
Excellent book. This is a great book. Benny Hinn s ministry has done nothing but help the Body of Christ. If you choose to hate him, then keep your ungodly 
Highly Recommended for the Technical Practitioner. In an informal survey held in a recent webinar, over 50 of the several hundred participants ranked Word-of-Mouth as the most typical source for 
A Frontier Immigrant Story to remember. A poignant tale of immigrants on the prairie frontier. Echos of Willa Cather s My Antonia. Definately not a Hollywood ending  
get the knowledge. he is sharing his knowledge but it is not easy to find winners in real racing even with computer  
Weberian disenchantment and the hamburger--yuk!. Expanded reprint of a classic sociological study of the reign of hamburger madness sweeping the planet. The basic idea is the study of the Weberian 
Good Book for those just starting out. I bought this book for my son, he found the book very informative and helpful good for anyone who is just starting ou 
Excellent resource book. Excellent resource book that should be a part of every dog owner s reference library. Handles all phases of dog training from aggression to submissive urination. Question 
Great book. This was an excellent book. If you like trainspotting you will like this book a lot. The scottish slang took awhile to get used to, but after about 
The Secrets of Facilitation. This is the quintessential guide to facilitation. It has everything you need to know to be successful with any group. Michael is thorough in teaching the 
Very helpful. Lays out a printing proceedure that makes a lot of sense, gives great results, is easy to use and makes printing fun because you know for sure how 
Facing death and dishonor in feudal Japan. Laura Joh Rowland s Red Chrysanthemum takes place in 1698 in Edo, Japan. Sano Ichiro has risen to the exalted position of second-in-command 
terrific learning opportunity through fun music. This tape offers kids a terrific learning opportunity of various concepts through music that is lots of fun for kids and even quite enjoyable 
Do YOU Have an Unfulfilled Dream? GET THESE TAPES!!!. If you ve been kicking around an idea or dream but haven t been able to make it become reality, do 
Siscley. This book was incredible! It had all the information my daughter needed for her art project on him. I loved looking through it too. The pictures were outstanding! I 
Hippos Show the Way. This is just one in a fabulous series of books featuring George and Martha, the hippo equivalent of Nick and Nora Charles. Their light banter and 
And you thought you had problems?. Resilient Self focuses on case histories all fascinating of people who came from devastating childhoods, and yet are now leading happy and productive lives. 
Oh, Eve!. Book #23 in the In Death Series.This book had the potential to be the best in the series. But Eve s ever increasing sensitivity issues made ruined it 
great aviation novel and media satire. A well-researched look at aviation that reminded me of the novels of Nevil Shute.My favorite chapter was Friday Norton QA 11:50am. A perfect description 
Fun Review. Very good review of a current sports star. Easy for my 7 year old daughter to understand and keep her interested  
A glimpse into another world. This is a fascinating look into a different cultural world and the friendship of two very different women. It is not for the faint of 
Christmas In Camelot. It is about a boy named Jack and his sister Annie. It is a fun book. It is about them saving Christmas In Camelot. I liked this 
Ruth can do better. Still a great read, but not as good as Tender at the Bone and Comfort Me with Apples. Foodies will love the continued insight into restaurant 
A whole new way to learn to ski. NO DORKY WEDGE TO UN-LEARN. Ugly cover. Great book.Be sure to get the video, too  
Great book and author. I have been reading this book to my daugher, who is now 15 mos. old, since she was a baby. She always wants to read Nina 
Are these reviews for real?. First let me say I have not read this book but was interested in it for my father with cancer. As I am reading all 
Good for young kids interested in journalism. This book is quite helpful for teachers and parents with children who are interested in journalism. It gives several worksheets that allow kids 
Tony Hillerman, Seldom Disappointed 2001 . Tony Hillerman is a great author, and a man has the right to write his autobiography any way he chooses. That having been said, 
The Peru Incas reference book. The Incas and Their Ancestors has a textbook feel and is a good aid to research on the culture. The book is structured around the 
Good Beginning to Series. After working in a church in Boston and another in Washington, D.C., minister Ed Wilcox and his family have transferred to the Consolidated Community Church in 
Into the Characters Minds -- Woolf Delivers the Readers [46][T]. This novel depicts much of early 20th century Britain as others did - but in a very different manner.This is 
Not a General Reference Book. I was a little disappointed with this book because I thought it would have more information on specific plants. It gives very little info on 
untitled. I absolutely recommend this book to all readers. Walter Dean Myers does a fabulous job in showing Jimmy s varied perspectives towards his father. This was a well-written, realistic 
First &amp; Final mutual fund book. My first and final book on mutual funds. I ve read several others, but keep returning to this one. The end of chapter summaries 
Working vacation. Kinsey is going to be in the wedding of her elderly landlord, Henry Pitts, so she decides to take a few days off from her job as a 
A great book about some awful realities. American Dream is truly an excellent read, one of the best books that a wonk like me has seen in a long, long 
The simple but true-to-human-life stories and the drawings are a delight. It s so wonderful to have a book that a very young child can read himself, and then ask 
Handy handbook. What every college student needs . I couldn t write a paper without it  
Style and Wit!. I love her style, and I love her wit. You can t help grinning as you read her honest and poignant thoughts on modern day marriage. Kudos 
Great ideas - helpful resource. As with any tech manual - things change quickly - and you have a wide-variety of audience skill levels. However, this is a great book 
Politics and Sports Intertwined in the Olympic Games. Alfred Senn is Professor Emeritus at the University of Wisconsin-Madison History Dept., and that is where he first developed his course entitled 
Chuck Jones chose wisely. I purchased this book as a companion to the same named academy award winning animated short 1966? by Chuck Jones. It was out of print until 
excellent book. I ve seen some skeptical comments about Tom Brown s alleged Apache teacher, Stalking Wolf. All I can say is it doesn t really matter whether this book 
Claudia and a weirdo. A new girl called Ashley is in Claud s neighbourhood and she is one awful little weirdy thing.She makes friends with Claudia and demands that Claudia 
Innumeracy, A Bit Confusing. Being one of the many innumerate people Paulo pokes fun of in Innumeracy I found parts of his book to be a bit challenging. After rereading 
The origins of civilization. This poem is perhaps the oldest book known so far. It is supposed to have been first conceived by the end of the Third Millenium B.C. 
Respect for the Dying. Kubler-Ross teaches us how to understand the death of a family member or loved one and how to cherish the final moments with them  
very well-researched book. Susal Faludi maintains that, in response to the popularity and mild success of the 1970s women s movement, 1980s America began to push in the opposite direction 
Excellent Recipes!. I was mostly interested in the THEORY of limiting flavors to aid in weight loss and management, so when I saw that half the book was devoted to 
GOOD BOOK IF. A GOOD BOOK IF YOU UNDERSTAND THE LINGO - I DID NOT. THE BOOK WAS WAY TO TECHNICAL FOR MY POOR BRAIN. I TRIED TO READ IT 
Wonderful Book!. My aunt became partially incapacitated by a stroke at the age of 55, and I took on the responsibility of assisting her in her day-to-day activities. I bought 
A Classic on the Path of Individuation. I read Edinger s work in the late 70s after an intense spiritual awakening which was first expressed in Christian fundamentalism in the 
 History is a frog: half of it submerged... . The Secret Histories is a compilation of dozens of documents, transcripts and investigative journalistic efforts, exposing the formerly undisclosed details 
Brilliant Material Puts Modern Comics to Shame. Finally! Although one may quibble over some technical details the strips might have been printed a bit larger, and the color is a 
May I Introduce Joanna Brady... I met Judy Jance in a bookstore in Palm Desert, California back in the mid 1980 s. It was right before Christmas, and my husband 
Real Good Book. This book is very insightful and very well documented. You can tell the author is very pro-Kennedy, but it is still interesting to hear the story from 
good for non-poetry lovers. I enjoyed this book vastly, despite not being a big fan of most poetry.The details in each poem are enough to make it clear the experience 
My Fav When I Was Little!. I had several Richard Scarry books when I was teeny tiny, and I remember loving each one! I am now 29 and about to 
Second Ring of Power--A Key to the Portal of Women s Sorcery. Second Ring of Power is a compelling novel about the special shamanic powers of women. Centered around the 
Don t get into the boat. A great story of endurance and survival after the loss of the Essex. The book gives a great character insight into the individuals involved 
Fantastic!. I am new to watercolor painting, and I found this book to be the perfect medium between advice and inspiration. Each artist has a page of examples of their 
Takes you there. This series is often excellent and this one on Venice does not disappoint. The only chapter that I skimmed was the one on religious connections. Endlessly fascinating 
Powerful and truly real from start to finish, you feel it al. Joyce Carol Oates finds a way to bring you back to this time, to this place and become 
AN EXCITING READING ADVENTURE FROM START TO FINISH!. I had the pleasure of meeting Liz Moore at an author s Book Faire in the little town of Dayton, Nevada last 
For newbies to Networking. If you are brand new to the world of network administration this is the book for you. It covers everything IN DEPTH, and will give you 
What a fantastic book!. This is a very thorough, entertaining, and informative treatment of the subject of mummies. Illustrations in the book were inspired by ancient Egyptian art. This is 
 There s a sort of wrong that can never be made up for. . Adam Bede is a young carpenter living with his mother, father and younger brother in 
A practical guide that works. I really enjoyed this book. It was well-written, interesting and also very useful. The author s approach to Mercury Retrograde is refreshing and different. It 
The Best on the Thirty Years War. The Thirty Years War is a rather obscure war for most American readers. However, if you travel to Germany, you ll hear endless 
Anyone who loves Singer will learn from this work. This work gives an inside view of the daily life and work habits of one of the greatest masters of the 
Hot stuff. Most of the recipes are very high in heat factor, so beware of your guests ability to handle the heat before serving up at a dinner party. Recipes 
Scintillating prose about ghastly times. As an aspiring travel writer who has yet to publish anything, I turned green with envy on reading Bruce Chatwin s novel. In terse, spare 
An enduring story. I read this book for the first time in the mid-1970 s and recently re-read it. It remains as good and relevant as it was over twenty 
Can t beat it for the price. Honestly, for under 10 you only need to get one bargain to make this book worthwhile. You should have no trouble doing that. 
Handy reference work. My Art History department adopted this book as its official style-manual a few years ago, and we assign it as a textbook for our writing and methodology 
Absolutely wonderful, entertaining, informative book. This book is absolutely wonderful. I am only halfway through it and have been laughing, crying, relating, and nodding my head in recognition. Having raised 
it was cool. i love that type of stuff and it was believable to my gullible-ass mind. lo  
the wittiest, funniest sci-fi novels ever written. Douglas Adams is a master of wittiness. The first 4 books are absolutely marvelous, but the last one is a bit dissappointing. If 
Wonderful book to read!. I am a student in Roger Samples Children s Literature class at West Virginia State University for Summer 2005. I chose Missing May for my Newbery 
Finally!. This is simply a great book! I have read any number of books on women s psychology, spirituality, and health. This book continued to engage me chapter after chapter; 
Excellent Book. I am currently a senior in high school and was recommended this book by my English AP teacher. Postcards From No Man s Land is a wonderfully delightful 
Surprising objectivity by an Eisenhower admirer. As a young historian, Stephen Ambrose met with General Eisenhower, on numerous occasions, at Eisenhower s Gettysburg, PA home. If you ever heard the 
wonderful. I ve always been a fan of Susanna Moore s deft and descriptive writing style, but I wasn t prepared to be as fantastically impressed by this book as 
Readable, Breezy Look at Fascinating Hoaxes. David Roberts, in the re-released Great Exploration Hoaxes by Modern Library Exploration, looks at nine exploration hoaxes and one poor fellow Abyssinian James Bruce 
Well Done. I ve seen the movie and now have had the chance to read the book. Recommended, done in Grisham style  
Fantastic Investment. Other than a good French English dictionary I strongly recommend Langenscheidt s Pocket French Dictionary , this is far and away the best investment I have made in 
Good resource. Structural Yoga Therapy is a guidebook for those interested in yoga. I bought this to help identify exercises to strengthen the back of a teen with scoliosis. The 
Classic history reference book. A wonderful history reference book for those interested in colonial era crafts as well as the artist craftsman looking for vintage design styles and techniques. If 
Alright. I used this book at Cornell s school of Industrial and Labor Relations in an OB course. It was ok, but I have seen better. The examples are mostly 
friendships. I thought it was a wonderful book about friendships and learning the meaning of friendships. I thought the book was wonderfully written, and the illustrations were rich and vibrant. 
A reply to the nonsense review. A gentle response to the reviewer who thinks this book is nonsense: For your kind information, Carbon is an atom, not a molecule. Now, 
A Tool for All Actors Getting into the Voiceover Business. This book is a great reference book for voice actors getting into the business. I personally recommend this book to 
The Sagebrush Ocean is the best Intro to the Great Basin. If I were to recommend a single &quot;must have&quot; book about the Great Basin Desert, this would be the 
I ve finally gotten some sleep!. They should erect monuments in Dr. Ferber s honor. After sleeping through the night for a month, my infant son started waking up every 
Dark & Humorous!!!!. I love this book!!!! It s a riot!! It s definitely not for children. Adults Only Please!!!!!!!!!!  
Great book. Nevada Barr leaves nothing to the imagination. She carefully details out the experiences of her characters in whatever endeavor they are involved in. The pictures created from her 
If you are getting a puppy? GET this book!. I bought this book yesterday 7 1 04 and I bought it much higher at a pet store and it s 
GREATEST SPY THRILLER. THIS IS THE TRUE ACCOUNT OF A SPY BY THE NAME OF VIRGINA HALL WHO VERY LITTLE IS KNOWN ABOUT AND EVEN THOUGH SHE HAD A WOODEN 
Riley is a genious. There really is nothing more to say. Everything he says is important and should be taken seriously. Regardless of what genre of music you play, all 
My favorite. I have been looking in all of BC s books for a poem I heard him do in Homer, Alaska I heard it on the radio . He 
personal and challenging. Robyn Vickers-Willis personal account of a mid-life transition is honest and challenging. Robyn s story will resonate with many women and men who are working to identify 
Excellent roadmap. This book is not your everyday self help book. It provides a fail-safe roadmap for tough communications.1. Start with heart what am I acting like I really want? 
Great Book for first time puppy owners. I have previously owned another dog, but this is my first puppy. This book taught me a lot about how to train a 
A favorite book. HUG is one of my all time favorite children s book. I purchased as a gift for a baby shower for my daughter who is expecting her 
What a Change. Drive Me Crazy is a definite change for EJD. First, it is told through the eyes of a male and it is quite suspenseful. Driver is the 
A perfect trust in the unexpected. This is a wonderful book. A simple story about an unassuming man who has turned his avocation of fabricating small machines into a modest 
Powerful fiction. An oblique, perverse novel, &quot;The Name of the World&quot; strains credibility in its attempts to defy reader expectations--Johnson is not one to allow Event B to follow Event 
Remarkable Insight. I wholeheartedly recommend this historical novel to anyone interested in learning about the Civil War. In fact, I recommend this book to anyone NOT interested in the Civil 
well organized and thought provoking. Easy to read, a good introduction that is by now very necessary in learning about the two approaches to human efforts in life creation: Artifical 
Building Darwin. Janet Browne s far-reaching biography misses little in bringing us the life of the 19th Century s most controversial biologist geologist. The first volume of a two-volume set, 
Toolkit for Building Many Other Careers as Well. The IT Career Builder s Toolkit by Matthew Moran Cisco Press, 2005 is actually a useful toolkit for building a career in 
Used as a text book. I bought this book for a vo-tech type course I m taking in electricity building trades. It runs right along with the NEC and explains 
Extremely Helpful. What a great book! I was able to plan, purchase the rightmaterials, and build my backyard pond. The Basics of Water Gardeningalso has an easy to follow and 
If you want to understand it all you MUST read this one. If you seek to understand the Middle East, this is one you MUST read. That s all I 
Typical Steve Kluger. Mr. Kluger has a unique talent for bringing humor, really clever humor, and brilliant dialogue to the page. His characters are always people, even the oddballs, who 
excellent coverage of Ancient Egyptian literature. This book offers an English translation of the major literary works from the Middle Kingdom ca 1940-1640 BC , golden age of Egyptian fictional 
Thought Provoking &amp; Inspiring Insights!. Becoming concludes the trilogy of books containing messages from an anonymous enlightened source, published by George Green USAF, Retired . The &quot;Handbook For The New 
A pleasure to read!. Made From Scratch: Reclaiming the Pleasures of the American Hearth by Jean Zimmerman is a beautifully written book describing the history and current state of the 
This book should be mandatory for all students. Besides being packed with information that will aid research at any level, it is an enjoyable read as well.  
You won t be able to put it down. Fast read. Disturbing, captivating. Thought I had it all figured out by the end, but I was wrong. Puts you in 
New novelist starts off with a bang. Someone s killing fae prostitutes in the Weird, a fringe neighborhood of Boston where the poor and the fae intersect.Connor Grey, who used 
Indispensable. I can t recommend this book highly enough. I read the original book, and loved it, but knew there was more that i was missing. The workbook asks detailed 
THE FIRE THAT WILL NOT DIE. Excellent book, I would read To Sleep With The Angels first and then this book. That is the order in which I read them 
Practical, scriptural, witty--a must read. I have read self-help books and plenty of others claiming to help you live freely and more happily. Lots of them are feel-good reads, but 
Great resource!. If you are new at writing workshop or writing traits, then this is the book for you. My school did a book study with this book and we 
A sweet useful gem of a book.... First let me admit I am biased, since this gem is written by someone I know and admire, here in Northern California. But 
so nice!. I purchased this book as a gift and my husband loves it so much! This book is just perfect, full of pictures, you know, so you can locate 
A FIRST RATE LEGAL THRILLER. JOHN GRISHAM IS ONE OF THE BEST WRITERS OF THE LEGAL SUSPENSE GENRE THAT HAS EVER WALKED THIS EARTH. THE RAINMAKER IS A FIRST RATE 
Parent s perspective - outstanding fantasy series. My son has read this series - and I read them too! It is a fantasy series based around the life of Will, 
A historical chronicle of the rise and fall of American steel industry. Reporter and business and law editor Mark Reutter presents Making Steel: Sparrows Point And The Rise And Ruin 
Very brief but can be useful. This book is a quick reference of major styles of visual arts with a very brief descriptions, most known artists and works. Because of 
High drama at the edge of adventure. Peter Heller will have you gripping your seat as he transports the reader into the Tsangpo Gorge. The story is told with beautifully 
a prelude to the lexus and the olive tree. it would be wise that you read this book before reading the lexus and the olive tree thomas friedman . you 
good, informative, true. i have read many books & know from real life & working experience that what the author says is true, & it is a very realistic & 
Wish there were was more published of 19th century American history at the level of this book. Rather than being a historical account of the famed service, Orphans Preferred serves 
Sorry Daddy, I have to cut you off. Parricide, guilt, cannibalism--what s not to love  
Great Book on Construction. Simply put, this is one of the best technical textbooks I ve ever read. It s basic stuff for someone just starting out in the discipline 
Interesting book about Michael Milken. Intertesting book about the mega-acquisition wave triggered by the creation of the junk-bond market. It will give you some info about the social-working atmosphere at 
Fascinating reading and viewing of the many illustrations . This book--by a real expert in the field--has a unique combination of pictures, words, and topics. It is magnificently illustrated, making 
Comprehensive and beautiful. I found this in the Rizzoli bookstore and had to slit the shrinkwrap to see what the book was like. Then sat down in a soft chair 
Six stars, maybe seven!. This excellent book is the story of one man s journey from slavery to freedom, from ignorance to insight and from childhood to maturity. Written by 
I love this book. This little book I always have handy to dip into. It is totally inspiring and helps you to see things about your life and your attitudes 
-------I couldn t put this book down------. Although THE DIARY OF MATTIE SPENSER is a work of fiction, the author did seem to do extensive research into the history of 
The best resource on the Arab-Israeli conflict. This little volume is one of the best books ever written on the Arab-Israeli conflict. It is almost all maps.The book starts with 
Outstanding book that keeps you thrilled. Other reviews listed here complain about the pace, development and plotting of this novel. I d have to say many people are spoiled by 
A Keeper. I really enjoy this book. I have read it before & it still keeps my interest. Strong lead male female. Interesting secondary characters. It s interesting from the 
very informative, educational about women s rights. Cindy Sherman s Retrospective explains quite well the philosophy and fight about women and their struggle for equal respect in society. Her work, 
A fabulous reference. This book is one of the best crochet books I have seen, it is even much better than alot of the books teaching you how to crochet. 
Star Wars: Dark Nest, Book 2. It is a Star Wars novel. If you are just starting reading the novels, I would not start here, otherwise, read on. If you 
A yachtsmans spy novel. This is a novel written by a yachtsman which will appeal to sailors because of its authenticity. Childers sailed the German Baltic and Friesian coasts in 
Lauren Groveman s Kitchen is passionate,creative and fun!!. It s nice to find a cookbook written with passion and creativity. This is no run-of-the-mill cookbook. It s filled with hundreds 
Amazing. Thomas J. Lucier managed to put together an amazing and resourceful book. I bought it, read it and loved it and now want to read it again.Buy with the 
Change might be ok with a pair of wings!. I adore this book! The illustrations alone make this book come alive and provide the reader with a visual invitation into 
Recommended, especially if you loved the movie. This is a must-read, particularly for anyone who has seen - and been captivated by - the BBC film version of Elizabeth Gaskell 
Major but Flawed. Faulkner s was a self-indulgent, irresponsible, uneven gift. But at his best, as sometimes in these pages, he is a poet and rhapsodist without equal, and we 
You gotta be a Dixie Darling. Cassandra King can capture a Southern Belle and she does in The Same Sweet Girls story. You almost have to be a Dixie Darling 
Interesting Introduction to a Strange Work. Joscelyn Godwin has published a number of excellent books, the most important of which is probably his first ever English translation of the famous 
Great anthology. This anthology presents a superb cross section of Chinese literature, from the time of Lu Xun to the present. The editors have included works from the mainland, as 
Excellent overview of theoretical physics. I recommend this book for final undergraduate and beginning graduate students in the Physical Sciences. As a PhD student in Astrophysics, this book has been 
Belongs on the shelf with the great young-adult fantasy novels. As an author and avid reader of young-adult fantasy novels, I was thrilled with the plot and characters of this 
The Catcher in the Rye. This unforgettable story illustrates the crazy, life-changing adventure of a seventeen-year-old boy who struggles to let go of his fading childhood and accept the phoniness 
No whats funny. I know the one daughter Jackie she s my best fried, her friend came across this book one day and jackie saw it and about died, her 
My favorite Harry Potter volume... After purposely avoiding the entire Harry Potter frenzied bandwagon, I finally gave in. My curiosity was peaked following a news story I saw in regards 
1st book. This is the first book on the conversion process I read. I know some people take issue with Diamant, but this book was a great introduction to the 
Great, as always!. Another winner! Vicki I. puts a hilarious spin on life as a wife, mother and career woman. I own the entire series and besides being funny and 
Very Informative. Although this book was published more than 40 years ago, it s still worth a read. I found it interesting, informative and disturbing. Although I know DDT has 
An epic, legendary tale, rendered beautifuly and poetically...and intelligibly. How many times have you sat down to a poem, some epic of ages past, wanting desperately to read it and 
Very comprehensive and informative!. This is a treatise that extends beyond the normal boundaries of cannabis growing allowing the novice and veteran alike a new and innovative approach. It s 
Mandatory Reading. A Remarkable Business Tool for Business Leaders. Ian MacMillan was my outstanding professor at Columbia Business School, and his keen insights into what comprises entrepreneurship combined deep, practical 
publisher info is wrong. The publisher should be Addison-Wesley, not Prentice Hall as shown in amazon.com page  
Problem Solving with Children s Literature. This book is an excellent resource for elementary teachers to use with math problem solving. Students can use the chess board and rice to 
The book s title says it all!. I highly recommend this book to those who are eitherpregnant or considering pregnancy. Although the book waswritten with home birth parents in mind, 
 I have become a stranger in my own life. . The themes of identity, alienation, imagination and the meaning of love are explored through the stories of several characters 
Excellent read. This book had me from the first line -- a perfect example of real life being more enthralling than fiction. Two stories are told side by side, one 
Great Text for Learning About Catholic Social Teaching. In a very clear and easy to read style, Thomas Massaro gives a summary and explanation of the major principles of Catholic 
Great little collection. This early collection of Martin s stories contains some of his best. Even at just over two hundred pages there are two award winners in here. Sandkings 
Very Pretty. I enjoyed the lovely illustrations in this book. A wonderful companion for the Disney Fairy books  
Adorable story. This is an adorable children s book that is thoroughly enjoyed by children and adults alike! Cute humor is interspersed in this story of a jolly pirate. As 
Back to the 19th Century. It s reading such a book we can understand how powerfull was the 19th Century scientific thought. Maxwell, was a genius as was Newton and 
I agree with that person, buy 10 and pass them out. Wow, after reading this book, I am left speechless. I read this book in conjunction with a Native American 
Amazon has made a mistake. This is a very good collection of modernish horror stories - from the 60 s and 70 s to the 21st century. Lumley s Fuiting 
From calorie charts to insurance claims. Unclog Your Arteries: How I Beat Atherosclerosis is the personal testimony of Gene McDougall, a man who used diet changes, vitamin supplements, prescription medications, 
just plain wonderful prose. mr. ellis is one of my favorite non-fiction prose writers up there with lytton strachey, alison weir, and nick tosches . I buy any book with 
bibliographic data :. Author: Walzer, Michael.Title: Just and unjust wars : a moral argument with historical illustrations Michael Walzer.Edition: 2nd ed.Publisher: New York : Basic Books, [1992]Edition Date: 1992Language: EnglishPhysical 
Timely and Solid Historical Research. As a layman in the field of history, I nevertheless found this book organized and written very well, definitely not dessicating and technical scholarship. Dr. 
Comprehensive visual sociocultural history of Hill Tribes. Life transition ceremonies birth, death, adolescence, marriage , clothing, working implements, personal and abode ornamentation, spiritual rituals detailed. Engaging reading, instructional photos, helpful 
a joyfull and insightful reading experience!. This book of new family traditions is so reader-friendly and so comfortable to pick up and browse that I can hardly get my copy 
A fantastic analysis of the everyday life of a Knight. Since I have an interest in the Middle Ages 900AD-1500AD I was recommended this book by a history professor, and 
 Tomorrow s Battle Is Won During Today s Practice . This book is great and truly inspiring. I read it cover to cover twice in one week and have 
So good I bought two. I bought this book for my Mother for Christmas. She just loved it, so much so, that she insisted I buy a copy for myself.I 
A must for Photoshop 5.0. This really should be included with the program. Shame on Adobe for not including it. This book is the best and I never read manuals. 
Dark, depressing, and WONDERFUL. This book is one of the most interesting and thought provoking books I have read in a long time. I, however, would not allow anyone under 
Awesome. This book is truly a gift..I laughed, I cried...it made me see how lucky we all really are.  
The Essential Portable Drug Reference. I am a clinical pharmacy specialist on an internal medicine teaching service. I have found that Lexi-Comp Drug Information is by far the most user-friendly, 
Surprisingly Entertaining. Although I consider some of the authors assertions to be dubious, I must give her credit for making this subject as entertaining as she does.I have not read 
Great Explanation of Concepts and Detail. Comer s book does an excellent job of mixing details and concepts. While Steven s book is perfect if you have to work directly 
Extremely useful book. I have read quite a few golf books over the last year. I am a beginner and I found this book to be extremely useful to me. 
Heal At Home. Heather Williams has written a book for the private person who wants to increase self knowledge in the privacy of their own home, and at their own 
Explaining the Rules, Both Written and Understood. The income tax laws of the United States clearly allow you do deduct business expenses. But from this basic rule has come an 
Priscilla Diary. This book is one I highly recommend. Gene Edwards brings us to a place where we realize that the disciples were human like the rest of us. Yes 
Great amuse bouche for the entrepreneur. I enjoyed the stories ... but I actually found myself reading the book and relating their experiences to my own as a small business 
My first Grisham Book, and it was worth the Time. John Grisham has quite a reputation as being a very prolific author. Being the best selling author the 90 s 
Amazing!. Thank you, Thank you, Thank you!!! This book has saved my business thousands of dollars! Amazingly it is both comprehensive and accessible. Daily is hugely knowlegable and a great 
History is fun!. A look at the history of U.S. presidential assassinations. Part history, part comic commentary, Ms. Vowell extensively documents her visits to sites official or not associated with 
Hiding the Elephant Revealed. Jim Steinmeyer is one of the finest writers in the field of magic and illusion. Here he traces the development of some of the basic principles 
Magician and Nightkind? Then this one s for you. Unlike the book Vampires: The Occult Truth - also written by Konstantinos and published by Llewellyn Publications in 2002 - Gothic 
get inside mirrormask. if you liked the movie, then you ll surely be interested in this book which details pre-production, shooting etc. i must admit that even though i really 
Good suspense read. DEAD EVEN is the third in the series by Mariah Stewart. Even though DEAD WRONG and DEAD CERTAIN are complete in themselves, this one ties up all 
Brilliant Wit From the Inimitable Waugh. Yes, I d be bold enough to name Evelyn Waugh as one of the world s greatest writers, a true genius when the word 
pretty good. I bought this one for two months now. It s pretty precise and clear.  
Time Lottery. I just read this book and I loved it. Makes you wonder if it can really happen. I can t wait to read Second Time Around. If it 
Well Worth the Buy. This book goes into excellent detail about nearly every aspect of SMS 2003 and also tries to show the reader many of the pitfalls in deploying 
Comprehensive and Understandable. This book is an excellent introduction to the historical, cultural, social, economic, and political backgrounds of the times before, during, and after the beginnings of Christianity, i.e., 
Romantic. This book is magnificent. I found myself so encrossed in the story. I am just amazed at how Nora Roberts can make you feel. The romantic scenes with Margo 
If you really take the Bible seriously, this is for you. Those too used to a fundamentalist indoctrination of Biblical texts will most likely find this book rather frightening see 
Fantastic. I have the complete series of All Creatures Great and Small books now. This was the last one and I loved it as much as I loved the others. 
Excellent in-depth book. I have used the earlier edition of Kaplan s excellent text on Advanced calculus from early 1960 s...I have studied and taught this subject and I always 
Good advice, but please be sure to add supplemental selenium. The cancer-fighting nutrient most proven to date is selenium. A daily supplement of 200 microgram of selenium, has been shown 
Easy to understand in plain english!. This will teach most non-electrician by trade people many useful things that will make their trips more enjoyable. reduce operator error  
Helped me when I needed it. I m the kind of person whose eyes start to glaze over if I try to absorb more than a few pages of social 
You have to get this book. This book is GREAT! It is organized by vegetable. So, in the summer, when you have more fennel or broccoli, or radiccio, or whatever 
One out of three ain t bad . . . The Discworld grows on you. After reading a dozen or so of Pratchett s marvelous stories about Life, the Universe, 
A Great Lesson. This is simply the best introduction to the fundamentals of economics ever written. The book is divided into two parts. Part one, which takes all of four 
I loved this one and loved Sujoya Roy s novel too. If you enjoyed this book, try For Ganesh: Remover of Obstacles, by Sujoya Roy. Both books tell compelling stories 
Vickrum @ Ashley River El. I like the Dinosaur Alphabet book because I like dinosaurs.I think this is a good book for small children because it teaches facts about the 
Hitler, A Short Slobbery Jerk, And Also The Twentieth-Century s Most Over-Rated Human Being. I ve never been drawn to the study of Nazi Germany as so many have, nor 
a great theoretical resource. Harvey is one of the most influential theorists of our times. He has been doing some great work on global development issues. Some of his initial 
Great Book!. This book is a love letter to anyone who has ever loved a dog.I too had a special dog and this book brought back many apecial memories of 
Excellent. I loved this series. The only thing that could have made it better is if I would ve read it in between the Farseer and Tawny Man series. I 
Life among the Oakes. This is only the fourth Oakes novel I ve read. My previous reads included Who s On First, Marco Polo my favorite , and Mongoose. I 
Incredible. This book is a breath of fresh air. A must have for any chef, aspiring chef, cook, or those who enjoy being behind the wheel of exquisite dining. ohhhhhhhhh 
Interesting. This book was very well-intentioned. For the most part, I found it interesting and informative, but I wouldn t say that this book fully teased out the implications of 
Just right. This book really helps with the special needs of a Himalayan kitty. Well worth the money  
A happy book about dysfunction. This is one of those books where the image you have 6 months after reading the book is not the same you have when you 
Insightful analysis powerfully presented. Hanson is one of the best columnists America has. I know books of columns don t sell, and most people believe that they are yesterday s 
Very nice, understated and powerful. To me, MIRRORS OF LOVE is a step above the Chicken Soup for the Soul series. The profiles are more compelling and meaningful. Very nicely 
One of his best. John Camp has been writing these Lucas Davenport novels under the pen name John Sandford for what must be 15 years or so now. He s 
Common sense advice. This book is a useful compilation of common sense, practical security recommendations and procedures for the everyday manager or administrator. It is written in a way that 
Its Simple... If it says IN Fisherman on it, Buy it! They produce some of the best books and videos on freshwater fishing. Period! Full of current, scientific, and practical 
Chemistry. Things you never knew about the developing process are in this. I was quite impressed, and am enthusiastic about re-reading it  
Concise. I have NYC and Philly. The maps are on seperate pages, so it looks like you are reading a book not consulting a map because you are lost . 
A PROFOUND, DELIGHTFUL, EASY-TO-READ MASTERPIECE... My review is simple: buy and read Dr. Murakami s fascinating, funny, simple, moving and life-changing book. What you ll learn about your DNA and 
I looooooove this book. I have now read Something Borrowed , Something Blue , and Baby Proof and I just loved them all. They just hit home on so many 
An Absolutely Reliable Classic. I am a professional caterer and cook.I love the old classics such as Julia Child s Volumes I and II and the New York Times Cookbook. 
Very detailed. This is a very good book on the life of Zora Neale Hurston. It is very detailed and written very well. If you are interested in the life 
Reveals The Truth about Racial Differences. I first read the Bell Curve cover to cover , which finally opened my eyes to the reality of race and genetic differences that 
At last I found answers. All of my life I have searched, at times not even knowing I was searching, for answers to the universal questions. This book opened my 
Charming & inspiring!. I really enjoyed this book, and learned several things that I wanted to know, and several things about which I knew nothing and am glad I know 
Complete 2-book Set : Identical as the books sold separately only cheaper!. The Complete Peanuts is definitely complete! It s a real collectors item! Hats off to Fantagraphics Books for 
superb. I read about three mysteries each week, and this is one of the very, very best. It has history the 20s, when the murder occurred but also a contemporary 
Excellent. A remarkably clear and interesting, though sometimes repetitive work about how science can be done and how a scientist develops  
Another gripping tale by Henderson!. The Truth Seeker is the third installment of the O Malley Series and focuses on the forensic scientist, Lisa O Malley. Being a fan of 
TERRIFIC!. I loved this book. It s short enough that you can read it in one sitting. But don t let the length of the book fool you it is 
Profoundly absorbing writing by a medical doctor. I have read initially The story of San Michelle while I was a medical student in Trivandrum Medical College India way back in 
A hard read...very emotional. I actually bought this book as a gift to a freind who was in the a similar situation but she was the one with cancer. I 
Helped me find my Calling. I read this book with a circle of friends as part of our 20 something men s group from church. Though some chapters are hard 
Truly this was..a last frontier,follow THE! pioneer.... He has to be ranked as foremost deep-sea researcher- Curious &amp; profound addendum: Further readings starts page 315--&amp; goes to 374. Superb photo 
PTSD - Vietnam and beyond. A wonderful book.We tend to associate PTSD with Vietnam Vets, and the term was first coined during the seventies, after the War, but PTSD refers 
One of the best books of all time. I adore this novel and the Baroness writing style. I ll admit that I chose this version for its cover, but had 
Tree of Life. Tree of Life is an excellent resource book on nature. Children are able to view the table of contents and easily find information. The illustrations are drawn 
Good for intermediate perl programmers. To me, this book seemed like two books:1 Shared Libraries, References, Data Structures, Scoping, and other things in perl. -- For internmediate programmers.2 OO Perl, 
Excellent arguments from a brilliant writer. Walter E. Williams is extremely gifted in his ability to present an argument. In More Liberty Means Less Government, Williams presents short articles that 
Excellent Book. After following the 7-day diet plan offered in The Food Doctor Diet book by Ian Marber , one is to follow the Plan for Life . A number 
This book changed my way of thinking. Though this book lacked the details I was looking for, it still was a great read because it changed me from an employee 
5th Edition is another winner!. Once again Cricket and Paul have done a great job in updating the DNS and BIND book. It s the authoritative book for DNS and 
Best Gluten-Free Recipes is an apt title. I have already baked the white bread and the chocolate cake, and they taste almost liked they were baked with wheat flour  
Incorrect Information - PLEASE NOTE. Gordon Williamson states that you can receive a FREE copy of Lipper Inc. s Variable Insurance Products Performance Analysis Survey. That is not accurate. As 
Are you experienced or just very lucky?. This should be mandatory reading for anyone doing moderate risk activities, let alone thru-hikers, backpackers, mountain climbers, etc. It certainly made me rethink 
I m great at Hunt Seat!. Wow! I thought this book was AMAZING! It teaches a lot about Hunt Seat, which I m Very interested in, and helped me understand 
Should be 10 stars!. Dinko Tilov is an amazing young man! His imaginative art has intrigued me for years and I have several of his pieces in my collection. His 
My favorite cookbook. This is a very creative, well-written cookbook. When I want to experiment, I ll look through this book for an idea and I m generally not disappointed. 
Excellent Primer on the Way Life Should Be Lived. This book is an excellent intro to the way one should approach life. It is of particular interest to me because 
Funny, moralistic folk tale. My daughter had this book for a reading assignment during thanksgiving break and I had to get a copy for myself plus another one to share. 
For The Layman or woman . After having my Y and mtDNA analyzed, I wanted to be able to get an overall perspective and understanding to intrepret results and to 
Nice Introduction. Curtin is a prominent historian and one of the founding figures of world or comparative history. His output has largely been relatively focused monographs and essays aimed largely 
Must Read Novel!!!. Three words the sum it up LOYALTY, LOVE & EXCILE which is printed on the book itself or something like that... amazing story one of the best 
Easy Read, Useful Info, & Relatable. I think most of us can relate to the case studies in this book...the case studies are almost like looking in a mirror. You 
Great research; fun to read. The samurai, his sword, and code of bushido are extensively covered in literature, both historical and fiction. This is the first comprehensive book I have 
A Landmark for Theater. Bogart writes from her years of experience and vision in A Director Prepares. Readers merely looking for a book on &quot;how to direct&quot; may want to 
Liberal or Conservate? Take your pick. I long ago concluded that Thomas Sowell is the most brilliant author in the United States and perhaps the only man in American who 
A long haul very illuminating at times. This is a very detailed autobiography. I think the very best parts of it relate to the period of Miller s life when 
A Sociological Classic. A sociological classic. The author shows stigma through the normal lens of everyday living and extends to the extreme. Most sociologist just summaries their theory either at 
A complete and detailed guide for conducting case studies. This book offers a very complete and detailed guide into conducting case study research, which is not only useful for researchers 
Realism About Israel s Early Days. The book tarnishes the glow of the romantic fairy tales about Israel s being founded by heroic pioneers who made an empty desert bloom. 
Starting point. When one starts to study western literature, and puts all of his effort to an neverending task of unravelling mysteries of European literature, one has sooner or later 
Best guide for beginners. The Peterson Guide simplifies bird watching and tells you exactly what the distinquishing characteristics of each bird are. Other guides may have longer discriptions but Peterson 
Harrison s aka Da Cash Cow. Aight, so I will give it up. The book has a couple of facts about medicine, but homie, how much cheddar is this fool 
Hell Is Real - Don t listen to Christian Universalist Heresy. There are several posts here that promote Christian Universalism teachings although they do not come out confess to the 
More Relevant Now Than When First Written. A quick word about the effects of the title to this fine book before the review. As can be seen by a few 
Review - My Heart s in the Lowlands: Ten Days in Bonny Scotland. Have you ever desired to visit Scotland? If you love Scotland, but can t afford the trip, 
Old Man and the Sea. Hemmingway s masterpiece is very well written wiht good plot. The only problem is like many other classics it tends to bore you with its 
Casamassatastic. This is my favorite book over 500 pages. I haven t finished it yet, but when I do, I think I ll like it even more than I do 
Chilling read for summer. I hadn t read Mr. Rollins before and picked up this recommended title. I enjoyed the action paced novel and found his style to be a 
A small but incredibly beautiful world. A candid, insider s view of the fascinating woman-centered Moso culture of southwest China. Yang Erche Namu is a strong-willed, ambitious girl who wants 
Great for Parents. Most summer review and complete curriculum books I have looked at are full of worksheets for the student. This is the first book I have seen that 
Misleading Title. The author admits up front that she got fat in her late teens early 20s after living in the US for a year. She pointed out the challenges 
list of chapters. Barry Wellman &quot;The network community&quot;. Wellman &amp; Stephanie Potter &quot;The elements of community&quot;. Wellman &amp; Milena Gulia &quot;The network basis of social support&quot;. Barrett Lee &amp; Karen 
Great book. I think this is worth a try or read. It takes a no nonsense and no holds-barr approach to weight loss and worth looking into  
An excellent book. When I read this book, I d already been working in music marketing for several years. Someone had asked me for recommendations on music marketing books, and 
More than just &quot;The Metamorphosis&quot;. As someone who had only read &quot;The Metamorphosis,&quot; I found this collection of Kafka s works to be very refreshing. Since I had not enjoyed 
The Birth of Air Cav. This book tells the true account of the battle of Ia Drang. NO book could have captured the intense battles a well as this has. 
To be a warrior in modern society. What it takes and means to be a warrior in modern society is revealed by foreign correspondent and British journalist Max Hastings in 
Praise for Hunger and Thirst . Written with a fresh, new voice and point of view, Hunger and Thirst is a compelling novel that is both funny and poignant. The 
Smart Review. I have read this book in its whole entirety. It is very well written, thorough, and sectionally organized. It covers a diverse range of interesting issues in relation 
Extremely Helpful Book. This book was very helpful for Contracts I and II. The explanations are very clear and helpful, and the examples and problems are great as well. The 
A Holistic Marketing Breakthrough. Like most businesspeople, you don t need more tricks to put in your bag. You don t have time to read vague expositions on a fad. 
Just like the restaurants. Excellent book!!! Great recipies of all types of food!! After looking through a lot of books, glad I chose this one. Lots of good things to 
Robbing the Bees: A Biography of Honey. This is one of the best books I have read. Makes me want to get a bee hive for my back yard. Very 
Every spot!. I think I got the first copy of this book. It s like nothing ever published by anybody, including Mr. T. An awesome amassing of information written like 
Extra Credit - Class Group Book Review. Best selling author Daniel Goleman, who popularized a theory of emotional intelligence EI via his 1995 bestseller Emotional Intelligence: Why It Can Matter 
More than words.... This is an excellent piece of literary art. June Jordan, quite frankly, makes love to the English language. This is how I describe the writing in this 
A sublime historical mystery. &quot;St. Peter s Fair&quot; seduces you into an exceptionally credible mileau and engages your empathy with many-faceted characters. Brother Cadfael, a not overly santimonious, 12th century 
Fun sassy book!. I read The Red Hat Club first but I did pick this one up first at the bookstore ~~ it looks fun and after having surgery, I 
Interesting read for the most part. The book kept me interested from cover to cover. There are some in-consistencies in the narrative. The flow is, on the whole, good. There 
Timely and relevant. This is an excellent book to help people find their center. Given these difficult times, it is a real tool to help one focus. It is well 
Very inspiring and uplifting. We got this book pre-diagnosis; in those scary days when we would swing wildly about reassuring ourselves our son was just fine, only to swing way 
Great fun!. I have read several Krentz books, and I love how she makes me smile through the whole book. Even though I figured out the mystery of the paintings, 
My daughter likes it. My daughter really likes this book. She likes all the books that we have by Eric Carle. My only complaint is, I wish it had more 
An excellent book for family library. Thisis an excellent resource for the family with gay members, or for those who want to better understand gay teens, such as educators or 
difference between a man and woman. It s impressive how well Mark Twain describes difference between a man and woman. It s sometimes funny and often sentimental to love...  
Solid but Disappointed at Times!. I enjoy the writings of Dr. Marshall. He is oftentime solid. But I am a bit disappointed at times with this commentary. I am aware 
Pagan s Scribe. Catherine Jinks has once again managed to turn out a magnificent piece of work. Although Pagan s Scribe is different from the previous three in its narration, 
Heart Stopping!. Fear; Uncertainty; Risk; Reluctant trust; and above all, the ultimate love and sense of protection only a Mother can have. A story that will bring tears of fear 
great book!. All Quiet on The Western Front is a story of World War II told from a very different perspective than we are used to, the perspective of a 
This Book Will Change Your Life. If you are ready to make changes in your life and are looking for guidance, this is the book for you. This book not 
2 Thumbs up... This is an excellent introduction to Chaos Magick... though I have one complaint, not worth mentioning here. Carrol puts in plain words what many other authors try 
Ever Lasting. I ll admit, the book gets off to a slow start - like the first 400 pages are slow.But, if you can make it that far, the novel 
Great book for everyone interested in US Alma Maters!!. Just read this book if you are really interested where it started and how it started! I am very happy and 
beautiful!. This book is a true gem - although the words are few, the message conveyed is readily understood, if you are open to hearing it! At once sad, hopeful, 
Superheroes, as seen through the eyes of the little people... . Wow! I had a lot of fun with this one, which I had the fortune of picking up at 
Best Kept Secret -- A must read for all moms!. Paula Spencers forthcoming and honesty in this book will have you laughing and commisurating with her. We have all been 
A captivating page turner. Wife of Moon is the first I ve read of Margaret Coel s novels, and I m going to read her earlier ones. In Wife of 
Basic Book for Your Folklore Shelf. Walter Evans-Wentz set out to write this book as his dissertation, at the dawn of academic anthropology. Along the way, he became more than 
Very Good. It covered a lot of ground. I feel like I got my money s worth  
who knew he was right?. i was introduced to this book by Mangrove editor Neil de la Flor, who at the time was my instructor in a poetry class. he 
My Cool Review. The book Ben and Me written by Robert Lawson is about Benjamin Franklin and Amos. Amos was a rat. Benjamin Franklin was an inventor. One of the 
the afgan. Like all of Frederick Forsyth s books I couldn t put it down. Without a doubt my favorite writer.  
Hold on for an Insane Ride!!!. Okay, I would like to give it 5-stars! What was I thinking, I can t change it now?!?! A truly entertaining, and somewhat frightening 
Early Hiaasen... still better than most!. A middling effort by Carl Hiaasen still rates as a better than average read, and Skin Tight will not rank even remotely near his 
More than I asked for. I did not really understand just how comprehensive this book is until I recieved it in the mail. This book has everything and it is 
A great reference work on sniping. Can one really learn to be a sniper by reading this book? No. But it does make a great reference volume that could accompany 
Amazing book. This account of Nelson Mandela s life is brutually honest. A complex and totally inspiring person.One for everyone s bookshelf. It really is essential reading for anyone in 
Ben and Jerry s Ice Cream Book`. We tried the recipe with Reeses Peanut Butter Cups and it was wonderful. We did make the custard so we would not be 
I found the book I need. Here the book I need for GNU Linux System Programming : And if you have also Advanced Programming in Unix Environment the you have 
Excellent twist added to Robb s usual pattern. This is the tenth book in the series and those who have been following Eve s cases and personal developments are used 
Informative and update. As a new-comer to Mayan history, I enjoyed the writing in this book. Coe gives a broad description of this complex history while not getting bogged down 
Just good syntax!!. This presents a good overview of language structures to help and assist ina great variety of coaching situations. Easy to use and understand. Everyone should have this 
A Writer to Be Read and Appreciated!!. I was introduced to this writer in The Turning Angel which is a sequel to this book in that it involves Penn Cage. 
Good Basic, Simple, Accurate Advice. As I picked up this book to start reading, the telephone rang. It was a young lady, well she sounded like a young lady, and 
Gods and Generals...from Historical facts to fascinating story. God s will be done. This motive, God s will morality for the four main generals, Robert Lee, Stonewall Jackson, Winfield Hancock, 
Applied common sense which is far from common . Since the 1950 s, W. Edwards Deming has been telling the simple truth about how to do high-quality, productive, and satisfying 
thorough and interesting. Most of the editorial reviews are self-explanatory - a few things that surprised me:1. The hardship that the Great Depression caused for synagogues and other Jewish institutions; 
Very good book. This book is filled with great information for people suffering with intestinal disorders such as ulcerative colitis, crohns and other similar diseases. It is clearly-written, and very 
Fabulous. What a heartbreak all the way around. This book was informative and a great way to read history...without being bored. Not that there was anything boring about this time 
AMAZING. AWESOME!!!!!~~This book was fantastic not only in pure realness, but in non sugar coated love story fashion. i cant beleive i almost enojoyed this as much as Jakes first 
why the weight?: Dare to be great!. A very informative guide which clarified many things I heard before but wasn t sure they were true. Would highly recommend this book 
Highly recommended. Congress shall make no law..., but on this subject at least, the Supreme Court gets to do pretty much whatever it wants. First Amendment doctrine is notoriously serpentine 
To parents of special-needs children. As you read all the reviews of this book here, I suggest you take a moment to mentally classify the reviewers into two categories: 1 
Movin on Up!!. I thought my bedroom career was definitely on the downside of the hill. But after reading this book, I was inspired to start climbing again, and lure 
Weslandia. Weslandia is a thrilling book by Paul Fleischman. In this story, Fleischman does an extraordinary job describing the scenery and plot. The main character is a boy named Wesley, 
A brilliant apology. Change causes anxiety in some, and so rapid change is for them absolutely terrifying. The author though is a self-professed dynamist , and embraces change with a 
Very nice. An excellent book. The approach, working toward the general theory via examples, has some great pedagogical virtues but also drawbacks. It also means the book has drawbacks as 
Buk at his Best. This is my favorite book of poetry by Bukowski. It is an absolute masterpiece filled with excellent poem after excellent poem. Horses, Beer, and Women  
Into the Crucible. If you have an interest in Marine training, especially this very challenging drill that young men in boot camp must master to graduate, then this is a 
Thorough but technically challenging. Renehan really did his homework. He also does a fair job of trying to reduce some of the mischaracterizations and misunderstandings about some of Jay Gould 
A Wonderful & Inspirational Book of Overeaters!. Wow-this book really encouraged me in my journey with compulsive overeating. It is a terrific resource for the beginner all the way to 
This book taught me how to find my voice. I was fortunate enough to be a student in Dr. Trimble s American Liturature class at the University of Texas in 
why out of print. This is one amazing book. As a female and a journalist it brought a new understanding of the so-called terrorist act. It gives a light, some 
Error shockingly missed by the editors. Just a brief comment on a glaring error that I was amazed found its way past the editors. At one point, protagonist Kinsey Millhone 
Inspiring Book!. This book is very inspiring and informative. It presents information that is extremely relevant to today s workplace. This book can help companies achieve a high degree of 
A Perfection of Types. The story of an innocent young woman who falls in love with a mysterious older man with a dark past is tried and true. In the 
Beautiful, fresh ideas with great instructions!!!. I just received this book yesterday, and I can t wait to start on a project. There is a nice variety of projects. There 
Fine overall message, but a bit too complex. Heard THE 8TH HABIT, read and writtenby Stephen R. Covey . . . I liked the overall message; i.e., weneed to find 
Fast-Paced Book. Having read most of Grisham s books, I ve saved a few of his best for last. While it wasn t a 5 star book like I d 
Excellent resource. It is only because of our Western societies lack of willingness to accept the realities underlying the materialistic manifestation we create, that most people are blind to the 
Need a Large List? This is how to do it. Glen Hopkins has produced the quintessential work on how to create a list and what to do with it. I 
A delightful, fun read. A delightful, fun read you won t want to put down. I love it that you can open it anywhere and be entertained.Why I pursued chocolates 
An in depth review of the lead up to the war and the Plame aftermath. Another word for Hubris is arrogance, and this book exposes the arrogance of the Bush 
An Interesting Analysis of the Church Today. There are many, especially those in conservative circles, who would dismiss the book as just another example of Catholic-bashing. After all, the author 
Complete Book of Ayurvedic Home Remedies. It is an easy way to get familiar with an alternative health choice. Most things are readily available in your own home and do 
will keep you and your kids laughing. This is a wonderful book to read along with your kids.There are truly 1000 knock-knock jokes and they are all appropriate for children 
Amazing, graphic, engrossing. Can t say enough good things about this book. Simmons writing has improved so much. This book has all the elements - it s FANTASTIC  
Fascinating, if not disturbing, chronicle. The House of Gucci asserts itself as a singular dichotomy of both highly bizarre personal tales of the self-destructive Gucci family as well as the 
A teacher s review. More informative than Boys and Girls Learn Differently, The Minds of Boys is a fascinating look into the specific reasons why boys are doing so poorly 
A beautifully written book. I bought this book recently in my hotel s bookstore in Siem Reap, Cambodia during a short holiday there to see Angkor Wat. It is truly 
Intimate and Interesting!. Joan Jacobs Brumberg s The Body Project: An Intimate History of American Girls is a fascinating read. As an teacher and researcher on the field of young 
Great book - highly recomended. This is the first Vince Flynn book staring Mitch Rapp and boy de he start with a boom. This is a great fast paced read 
Mom s Favorite. This is one of the best kids books I ve ever read! My twins are at the age that they have a decent attention span, which is 
This is the book... The rest are just paper-weights. As a photoshop instructor for several years, I am constantly asked to recommend books. My first recommendation is always Dan Margulis 
Not as compelling as Collapse but a good read nontheless. Diamond presents a look at the evolution of various Cultures throughout the World and how geography has played an important 
Detailed enough that anyone can build them. In an unusual departure from books of this type the first thirteen pages discuss what children like to do, the type of play 
Good, but very different. This novel is certainly a portrayal of very by-gone days. Days so far removed from the present that this novel is almost laughable at points. Fortunately, 
A must-have for couples. This is such an inspiring book for the person trying to get excited about cooking for two. The recipes are fast, flavorful, easy-to-prepare and guaranteed to 
wonderful true stories. i love this book cause it is true and all teen girls absolutely needs this because it is inspiring and got the things that teen girls would 
Great Erotic Art. This collection of Beau s work is just plain HOT. The images burn into your mind and permit you to construct a pre-quel and a sequel to 
Labor of love!. This encyclopaedia is a labor of love. It is the easiest, most painless way of finding what Edgar Cayce, the father of holistic medicine, had to say 
cool. Waited years before it was time for me to read this book. Wish I had done it sooner. Eye opening and fun little romp around the globe at a 
Excellent book. I ordered a number of books on child educational development, and I think this one may be the best. It is written in a very accessible manner, but 
Leadership for the rest of us. I would highly recommend this book to any leader.Some of the most challenging ideas from the book were the idea of thinking gray which 
Beth Manners Magic French for Kids: ages 2-6 Beth Manners . It s the best of best  
Read It NOW. This is one of the best books, I have EVER read. My favorite, &quot;Searching For January&quot;, in which Reberto Clemente paddles ashore, 25 years after his &quot;fatal&quot; 
More tightly written. In this novel we have the characters we have come to love. The writing is tighter and the plot clear. Not quite as exciting or fresh. Some 
Best Cookbook Ever!. How to Eat by Nigella Lawson is my favorite cookbook of all time, and let me tell you, I have read hundreds of them. This woman is 
Great play about family life, insightful and humorous. I remember watching the movie version of Neil Simon s Brighton Beach Memoirs years back and thought it was fantastic. Now, years 
Predictable But Good. Even though the book was very easy to figure out within the earliest pages, I still found this to be an enjoyable read. It is perfect for 
Rare and Beautiful, but probably should ve kept it for myself. I bought this as a gift for someone I thought was a friend and it did not disappoint. The 
Fascinating Read - Not enough about the combat. This is a very interesting book about an incredibly influential war. Despite the fact that the Crimean War was quite short and 
2nd century wisdom for the 21st century. I have picked this book up a couple of times and am floored by what I read each time. Even in today s 
Excellent. A truly enlightened book. Written by a brilliant man. It is sad that it took 16 years for his votes to be counted when Reagan one the 1980 election. 
Very interesting philosohical exploration. I could feel my brain stretching as I read this book. It is philosophical but readable.The main focus of this book is, as implied by the 
yummy anticipation. I want to taste these goodies and try to cook some of them. Format of region was helpful for traveling in Mexico  
Required reading for parents. This book and its successor, Raising a Thinking Preteen, are going to be required reading for prospective parents when I am king of the world. There 
Amusing Trivia. This book is an irreverent collection of interesting but mostly unimportant historical anecdotes.A sampling of stories that I enjoyed:The fork at least as used for eating was initially 
Another great installment in a wonderful series!. One of the best things about Alexander McCall Smith s entertaining No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency series is that these aren t really 
A Pragmatic Guide to Individualtion. James Hollis Creating a Life is a pragmatic guide to individuation - the creation of a meaningful life worthy of its soul. Hollis no-nonsense straight 
I m impressed. Best of the series so far. Alternating the action between the two older siblings in one chapter and Sunny in the next really worked for me  
The Best Birding Guidebook for Costa Rica!. This is by far the best birding guide book for Costa Rica. Most of the guides working in the country use this one! 
A Must. I highly recommend this book to every parent of children ages 3 to 6, and their teachers too. It is so much more respectful -of parents and children- 
Great book for kids. My daughter is ADHD and really struggles with reading. She is finally starting to read more, and this is the one book that she truly enjoys. 
Very Educational. This book gives insight to how the mind with a purpose of being a millionare looks at everything he does. An easy read and highly recommended  
The plot thickens... again. After GAME, SET &amp; MATCH Deighton ups the pace with a much shorter book. Deighton reveals a little more about his characters while our hero becomes 
A Masterpiece. To say this novel was a mystery does it an injustice, it was so much more. A fully realized literary treat for avid readers of Lehane s Angie 
Great for Horticulture Landscape Students. Dave Fross is my teacher for a native plants class and boy dose he know his stuff. This book is a great reference for students, 
A Wonderfully Modern Myth. Anansi Boys is a marvelous example of how to take something classic, and infuse it with just enough of a twist to make it modern and 
Unforgetable. I was looking at some books by Steel and ran across this one and remember I ve read this one in my 10th grade year in high school. I 
Five Stars. &quot;There are answers to be found in relationships across the board including business, intimate and friendship.&quot; -The answers are here  
character driven, not plot driven book. This spare novel caught my eye since I had worked for many years for a company owned and mostly populated by Chinese. As such, 
Utterly fabulous fresco of a fascinating era. I loved this book. I don t usually like biographies they re all the same--someone is born, becomes famous, dies, etc but this 
True Love. C. S. Lewis is a great thinker and whatever he writes, he writes well. This book compares and contrasts the four kinds of love that one can personally 
The Best Map Of Honolulu And Oahu Available. I have used several maps of Honolulu and Oahu, but without question this is the best of the bunch. Not only is 
Pascal s Pensees. For thousands of years humanity has been searching for the presence of an invisible God. Blaise Pascal s Pensees is an excellent book describing why God s 
Fascinating memoir of ambivalence. This book is very much in the same vein as Geoffrey Wolff s Duke of Deception... a man who was a failure as a person yet 
Another excellent book by Connelly. A very good crime fiction book. Connelly fans should buy this book without any hesitation if you don t have it already. Why it s 
a good book. Daniel Deronda was a great classic by George Eliot. It has a sense of wonder and life challenges. This book actually holds more than one story, but 
Lovely and Insightful. Treasured Friends by Ann Hibbard is one of the best books I have ever read on friendship. It is a Christian based book, and is a book 
The Sinister Pig, Tony Hillerman. Have read the whole Leaphorn Chee series by Tony Hillerman. This is one of the better ones - the subject is topical and the characters 
So, I finally finished it. Plainly put, this book was a ride. Standing back from a distance and looking at what the author has done really can put you in 
plymoth. We were very pleased with our books. They were for christmas.And we recieved them in plenty of time. Im sure we will do business with Amazon again. Thank you 
Things are better now in Haiti. Until this short, entertaining book, part memoir and part travelogue, I d never read much of anything positive about Haiti. Years of political strife 
Funny and informative. It was entertaining, but I also feel like I now possess the knowledge to survive when faced with impending robodoom  
Helped Me Sell My Business. Ten years ago I realized I needed to sell my business and move on but I felt stuck. But, using the techniques in this book, 
Connecting to God by Abner Weiss. A friend told me that I just had to read this book. I told her that I knew nothing about Kabballah. She told me 
A wonderful Christina Aguilera biography. Before buying this book, be aware that this is not your average biography of a pop singer. Pier Dominguez has written a well-researched, detailed, up-to-date 
 Good . This story was a true one. It explained the story of the 2004 World Championship Boston Red Sox. I recommedned it  
A true work of art! The Aloha Shirt : Spirit of the Islands. I loved Dale Hope s new book, The Aloha Shirt: Spirit of the Islands, so much that 
Review by a key participant in the rescue attempt. I was the commander of the MC-130 squadron chosen to participate in the mission. Jim Kyle, author of The Guts to 
Owe my Civ Pro grade to this book... I bought the Glannon Guide instead of E&E sort of by accident, but it was fantastic. The E&E is also a great 
Travels with the Archbishop. Having read this book many years ago, I was anxious to read it again on my visit to Santa Fe and environs in October 06. It 
All aboard This Train. I picked this book up at my local library, and my 2yr old has carried it around ever since, he s had me read it to 
The Spiritual in Art - an absolute winner!. I have owned this book for over twenty years and I never get tired of pouring over it again. It is an 
Marvelous Adaption For Younger Readers. This review refers to The Great Illustrated Classic Edition listed for ages 9-12 of Frankenstein by Mary ShelleyI had to surf the various editions of 
Unleashing Technologies. c Lyle K ang, 2003The major principles of this module deal with ideas and methods to increase one s ability to focus on higher levels of information that 
I ve found it to be tremendously helpful. This book is your own manual for your own body. To be healthy you have to understand all of the various bodily 
worn out. This is among my favorite books. When I first got this book I didn t think I d like it so I just randomly opened it and read 
An Open Letter to Ms. Terri Blackstock. I don t often write fan letters, Ms. Blackstock, but I felt compelled to send this one today.Regrettably, I was not familiar with 
Version 2000. Even the older editions give you a lot of valuable information.I highly recommend it  
Quotable Star Trek. I very much enjoyed this book. The author has sifted through 32 years of Star Trek history, and found the most memorable, and touching words contained therein. 
Falco, the Legal Eagle. This is the fifteenth novel in the mystery series featuring Marcus Didius Falco, an informer and sleuth in Rome at the time of Vespasian. A series 
life changing. This book is wonderful. It was assigned reading for a course I voluntarily took to improve my professional consulting skills. The book is full of valuable information that 
Great book - Don t Listen to the Sceptics. The truth is that Dr. Heber is right about the protein theory. Whether you &quot;like the shakes&quot; or not, well documented, 
Don t Listen to the Bad Reviews. Of course, I listened to the bad reviews of Specimen Days, and so deprived myself until this week of the great pleasure to 
MY BOY LOVES READING. My 1st grader hates to put it down, he would rather read Magic Tree House books, than play video games. He even reads them to his 
At last, some content. Given that most plays should be seen and not read, this play is, for contemporary drama, refreshingly ambitious. It takes on the question of the transformative 
one of my favorite cookbooks. This is a colorful, well-illustrated cookbook with recipes for many kinds of celebrations. The recipes I ve tried work well and are delicious, and the 
Ethical must read material for addictions professionals. Well researched and well written. If you work in the field of addiction treatment you have an ethical obligation to read this book. 
Great info for girls too!. I m a middle school librarian, and started at my middle school in 2005. I was previously in an elementary school where nothing like this 
CRUCIAL TO YOUR HEALTH. As an EQ coach, I am always looking for good books that illustrate the principles of emotional intelligence, and this is one of the books that 
How I love this book!. This actually happens to be my very favourite Dickens, and that s saying a lot since I love all his work so much. The book 
Can we trust our mind to tell us anything about reality?. What is reality? Can we rely on our brains to tell us what reality is? What about our emotions? 
5 for the Book, 3 for the Shipping. Like the other reviewer, my book was improperly shipped, this time in a box too large so it sloshed around on its 
Makes Me Want to Go Build a New House. I review a lot of architecture books, and this one more than most makes me want to go out and build 
Well worth wading through. This large but highly readable work covers the history and context of emerging or re-emerging communicable diseases affecting the world today. As a physician with a 
Three Tales of My Father s Dragon. Wonderful! Wonderful! Wonderful!Our 5-year old loves these three tales as much as he loves the Harry Potter series. We are now re-reading them 
wonderful. 2 of the most wonderful stories EVER written in one volume! How could you go wrong. A must for lovers of chivalry and romance  
Common Sense like we never had before. This book has helped my firm a Raleigh, NC divorce law firm make amazing changes. It s odd in a way because so 
Absolutely hilarious, a classic. Apuleius great work is not read enough. As the story of an libertine who is unfortunately changed into an ass unfolds, we see a satire unfold 
Best in class. This is the best option I ve ever seen to teach Six Sigma DMAIC projects.It is very practical, Easy to Use, perfectly organized and structured, and contains 
An Eye Opener. This is probably the best book I have seen that tackles the theory behind how groups or corporations grow and change over time. I found it particularly 
Before Jon Stewart there was... Imagine Jon Stewart minus the constant snark wrote a book about the White House press corps and political journalism generally as they covered the presidential 
LOVED THIS BOOK!!!. Growing up Catholic myself.......this book really spoke to me! After I read the book, I actually went back and read the first few chapters again...so that I 
A Treasure! One of the most moving books about the Movement. Starting with the murder of Emmett Till and ending with the political activism in the 80s, this book gives 
Insightful!. Martin Luther King, Jr. s I Have A Dream speech was voted the most electrifying public address of the twentieth century. It takes some kind of a leader to 
Robert Mccloskey s best book!. I received this book from my parents in about 1970. I finally visited Maine in 1997 and I cried because the images Mr. McCloskey painted 
So funny i peed a little. The book is a easy read and very entertaining!  
Helpful Textbook. My only complaint about it was that the cover is warped. I bought a new book, had it delivered next-day, and it won t close properly.The book has 
Life Need Not Be A Muddle. When A ROOM WITH A VIEW was first published in 1908, the sun had not yet set on the British Empire. The Victorian Age 
Just What I needed to Know. The project I m working on right now in the hundred year old house I bought is refinishing some hardwood floors. So first I 
Wonderful. This is truly a wonderful book. I can t put it any plainer, and recommend it for anyone.  
Loved this book!. I love Eva Ibbotson whatever she is writing and this has to be my favorite of all her books. Annika is a charming heroine and all the 
quantum computers. The book was published in 1997, and a lot has happened since then. Yet the foundations retain their permanence, and David Deutsch s captivating writing is as fresh 
A true word-of-mouth marketing bible. This is my second book on viral marketing and I am falling short of words for Ben and Jackie s writing style. My first book 
Excellent!. This novel would make a perfect suspense horror film! It is hard to describe it without presenting spoilers but I will try.John Waters used to date Mallory Candler while 
baking wiz says this books has it all. I do a lot of baking and I m always looking for a book that really nails what baking is all about. 
The best of the best!. I ve always wanted to go to one of the Black Hat shows, and I was finally able to attend the W2k show in Seattle 
Excellent introduction. This book is an excellent introduction to religion in ancient Mesopotamia. It is clear, straightforward and written with a minimum of academic jargon. I would go so far 
The Best Danielle Steel Book. I read this book and absolutely loved it! It has a great plot and setting, too. This one and The Ring are my favorites. I 
Good, but tough!. I love this series of trivia questions. As a teacher, though we try to have something constructive to do every moment of the day, sometimes after a 
Michener s Alaska is a Masterpiece of HIstorical Fiction. Author James A. Michener has conceived and written an epic novel about the land we now know as Alaska. Using his 
My kids love it!. My daughter 2 , and son 4 love to read this book. It s fun for the parents to read as well. About a year ago 
Cujo. I bought the recent 9th edition of this book, and on the contrary to the previous reviews, i have found the book very helpful probably the authors made some 
This book touches my life every day!. My mother having read this book sometime before I was born in the 50 s, was so moved that she named me after 
It s Ok. This shows that it s ok to be scared at the hospital. Franklin got hit in the chest at a soccer game. He ends up having to 
Another excellent historical novel. Matthew Pearl has once again woven an excellent tale of intrigue and suspence based on historical records of one of America s greatest writers. In this 
another great McCloskey book. Great book, especially for those of us who love Maine. You can almost smell the sea air, feel the wind coming off the water and hear 
It s A Girl Thing...How to stay healthy,safe, and in charge. This book came at a time of necessity for my daughter whose body is now changing. It is all 
I loved your book so much, Dr. Drew!. If you r reading this,Dr. Drew, I just want to say that your book was probably the best book that I ve 
A well Orson Welles. These interviews... They overlap and conflict with themselves, they run contrary to what we think we know about Orson. However they do make sense. The man 
Excellent Reference Book but Choppy on Its Own as a Story. I bought this book and read it before reading any of the works of F. Scott Fitgerald.The book opens 
Just What I was looking for!. I ve been working for several years to become more self-sufficient, at least in growing my own food, but I have a very small 
Truly Revolutionary. I disagree strongly with the below review. I love Dallas Willard and his writing, but often I find myself struggling through the dense although beautiful ideas and thoughts 
Essential Reading for Anyone Who Takes the Bible Seriously. Whether your interest in the bible is academic, literary, or religious, no serious inquisition into the primary sacred text of western 
Be the best at what you do. When I started in retail, I was a believer in being all things to all people. Fortunately I found this book and learned 
More Moving than the Movies. After spending a disappointing night with Oscar, I decided I needed to take my mind off the Awards for films that just didn t deserve 
Brown-Driver-Briggs Hebrew and English Lexicon. This is a fantastic reference book for scholarly study of the Bible. Whenever I am unsure of a root word, the BDB is where I 
Chicken Soup for the Teenage Soul. Chicken soup for the Teenage soulBy: Jack CanfieldReviewed by: E. MachadoPeriod: P.3Chicken soup for the Teenage soul is a great book. This book has 
Buy the updated version!!. It is a well written book, but this edition is plagued with print errors, and mistakes in at least one chart. Don t make the same 
Just Like Being There. The City of Falling Angels, by John Berendt, is an excellent book. The evocative prose really puts you in Venice. The book is literally a feast 
Where the Sidewalk Ends. This book was my favorite Shel Silverstein book; it was funny, interesting, and very well-written. I love how Silverstein draws his own pictures with his books 
Will Put Financial Planners & Advisers Out of Business; Very Difficult Read. This book is a very difficult read. Simple concepts written in abstruse sentences that make you wonder what 
Cogent &amp; comprehensive analysis of race and class in America. How Capitalism Underdeveloped Black America is an updated edition of Manning Marable s classic in black literature, and has received 
Try the Cannelloni!. As a budding child chef, this was the first book I purchased, in paperback form. I have long since purchased the hardback version, since it s one 
How to Organize Just About Everything. Great ideas and resource for any home or office  
Spinelli s First. Written over 20 years ago, Space Station Seventh Grade was author Jerry Spinelli s first published book. Oddly, he had not originally envisioned it as being written 
Helpful!. I am two thirds through this book, but there is so much advice and consciousness-raising information that is thoughtfully presented and very much need that it s not necessary 
Great book summarizing the greatest works of this century. I thought this book portrayed some of the greatest works of the twentieth century including some of the best architects. Awesome 
The Best Piece of Canadian Literature. The Mountain and the Valley ranks among the top five of my favorite works of literature. I first read this book 20 years ago 
The lady does exactly what she said she d do. I d like to respectfully disagree with those reviewers who criticize Miss Vera s book as too much of an 
Universal Application. This is one man s fascinating and profound journey to master not justarchery but himself. The story is the art of focus and determination, theart of reaching a 
Wuthering Heights: One of the greatest English novels ever written. Wuthering Heights is a cruel,complex, unforgettable look at possessive love. The 1847 novel was the only one witten by Emily 
Last Stands and Origins. In the sequel to the amazing The Long Halloween, Batman Bruce Wayne and Police Commissioner Jim Gordon are out to catch a cop-killer who hangs both 
He saw what it would look like. Boorstin described what he believed to be a major change in culture, the substitution of image for substance. He saw that the ease 
Life of Dreams. Imagine a life where you are completely free to do whatever it is you want. You have no ties to society, nobody to care about, and nobody 
Twain defines himself. This is Mark Twain s semi-autobiographical narrative about a trip he and his brother took to the Far West soon after the Civil War began, first to 
I really liked it. I really liked this book, it told a lot about alternative health that openend my eyes. It is amazing how much more options are out there 
Darwin, Teilhard, Mandelbaum. This is an account of evolution as it occurs in the affairs of nations. An evolution towards markets, democracy, arms control, and finally peace. It takes everything 
Another great book. Mr Butcher s Harry Dresden books are like popcorn. You can t put it down and you can t get enough. See my review for the first 
Best Resource for Zuni Fetishes. I ve been collecting the carvings of the Zuni for some years now and have found this book to be the most valuable and useful 
A Masterpiece. Learn how to paint like medieval artists, right down to the colors and techniques they used  
A genius of major status!. As certain as the payment I receive is inferior respect the value of my sublime work, is also that my name will take across to 
Hilarious. This just might be the funniest book you ll read this year. Lefcourt skewers everything in his path: Hollywood, the television business, the State Department, political correctness and Central 
my review of eldercare 911. This book ia all you need to know about eldercare and elder caregiver responsibilities and options before, during and after any sort of institutional or 
Rich with Excitement and Romance!. HIDDEN RICHES is a tale about an antique dealer Dora Conroy who buys some items for her shop at an auction and becomes the target 
A Kitchen Classic. Think of deep-dish blackberry pie, thin sliced cucumbers in white vinegar dressing, and pound cake to cover with fresh fruit. This book takes us back to real 
 Must read for Tech. Writers Tech. Translators too. When I compared the Table of Contents with that of the 2000 edition, I could not find any changes in section 
An Excellent Read. Disclosure: I m personally acquainted with one of the authors.For parents who have kids who aren t particularly athletic, this book can be an entertaining read, but 
Fills a serious gap between pre- and post-slavery history. This is perhaps the only book that describes how suddenly-emancipated negroes responded to their new freedom before they were forced back 
Sweet childre s litterature. This is the original Winnie-ther-Pooh. The one you fell in love with as a child, when it was being read aloud to you by your parents 
a nice introduction to a subtle topic. This book is the only one I ve found to give a user-friendly entry to the big topic of symmetry in physics. The 
Enlightening, Interesting and Accessible to All. I agree with the above review and would simply like to add my own thoughts. The book illustrates the fascinating way in which mathematics, 
My Favorite King book. I m not giving anything away here. Just wanted to say that this book was still enchanting the second time around. I read it the first 
Different---in a Good Way. Although it looks like it in the beginning, this is no cookie-cutter romance. Nora Fleming returns to her home town and reconnects with Darcy Tate, her 
The Best Pregnancy Book of the 5 we used. The greatest strength of this book is the week-by-week format. It outlines specific changes that are pretty close to exactly as 
Life touches Life. I work in an OBGYN clinic where we have patients that go thru this same thing. The book was added to our library of resources because I 
A deceptively wicked book. George W. Bush made me want to be an American. That s the first sentence of the book Don t Get Too Comfortable by David Rakoff. 
HIGHLY informative, but not always an easy read. Most of this book is a discussion of the vital systems of the horse from the viewpoint of a number of alternative 
Required Reading. This book and the newspaper reports it descibes literly changed my life. It also changed fhe view of all thinking Americans of the presidency and the press. We 
one of the best. This is definitely one of the best books to come out of the 80 s. The information in this book is invaluable. I still use the 
Must Read!. During a meeting at the Cove Piper suggested to me that this book is the least readable of all his books. It is NOT user-friendly to the non-Greek 
Much better than I expected. Coming off Robert E. Howard s original stories, I did not actually know what to expect from Robert Jordan. I have never read the Wheel 
Understand the meaning of fantasies. What I love about Nancy Friday, and the reason I quote her extensively in my own book, is that she does more than just collect 
Read it while you eat a sandwich. Do this and you ll understand.The sandwich just might taste better too.  
Camus eclipses nihilism and brings news of a new age!. I first became interested in Albert Camus after reading a quote from The Rebel online. I rebel, therefore we exist 
Natural is definitely better. This book is very informative, easy to understand, covers any conditions that occurs on a daily basis. We ve used many of the methods mentioned in 
Great Read. This was a great book that had it all; murder, romance, suspense, ect. It is also a very fast read. I recommend this book  
Fun facts to share with others... This is the most fun to read and trivia contest your friends with  
I haven t seen the movie yet , but the book is excellent. Frequently when I read a book, novel or non-fiction, I m typically ready to finish it before 
I started with this book and now I own my own studio. In the back of the book the author asks for everybody who followed his advise and were successful 
Useability for the web - not for print. Great conent about web useaibilty but poorly presented in print. Could have had better page layout and organisatio  
The Bluest Eye. Take a Trip...When Fantasy Intermingles with Reality...When Fallacy Intermingles with Past Pains...  
Irresistible Forces. One of Danielle Steel s more romantic stories that I just could not put down until I was finished... Steve, an Emergency Room physician and Merrie, a successful 
The Death of Secularism. Huston Smith has written a stirring account of the way Christianity has abdicated Truth to science , and Christians have systematically failed to confront the inconsistencies, 
Don t be afraid of maths. If all maths teachers explained maths as clearly and gently as Mr. Thompson, very few, especially the ladies would no longer say I can 
I like it!. I really like the shopping lists. It is nice knowing that after I have been to the store I can prepare a week s worth of menus 
Death is all around. I don t know the absolute chronology of Delillo s novels I m reading them out of order, which is fine but you don t really 
It is just 5 star for yung kids. It is a not real livy but has a great endy. It is a perfect book for young kids. My sister Hannah 
Four stars for the Four Agreements. At 150 pages, this can be a one-sitting read. Being easy to understand makes the material suitable and accessible for a variety of ages.The 
Intellectual, thrilling!. Winter in Kandahar is a sublime novel of international intrigue, spanning not only modern global technology, but also delving into the dark, rich history and culture of a 
Hauntingly Good Read. I finished reading Brian Ascalon Roley s novel, American Son, a couple of weeks ago, and have been struggling with writing about it since. It has seemed 
Two Jews - Marx & Jesus in China. Jesus in Beijing: How Christianity is transferring China and changing the Global Balance of Power, is a personal account of a reporter 
rage against the machine. Carolyn Chute has fictionalized a small Maine town to produce a tale of heartbreak, rage, and even humor. The book is not a series of short 
Good sequel to Phineas Finn. . The Pallisers carry on in this rambling Victorian novel. Phineas Finn s wife dies, and he again enters politics. He picks up with the 
Excellent reading. I recommend this book for anyone who wants to improve their score. Great helpful hints and information  
Gift of the Magi is good Christmas gift. I ordered this story so the special person in my life could read it - we had a similar incident in which 
Great!. This was a great book, and I think it is enjoyable to read. I think if you want good books with more of a down-to-earth base, then you should 
Page Turner. A bit slow to get into at first, then it was a page turner. Similar to Pelican Bried, antoher Balducci movie it could be  
Excellent Perspectives!. Gergen was advisor to four Presidents - Nixon, Ford, Reagan, and Clinton. His book summarizes those experiences, and then concludes with leadership qualities a President must have.Gergen started 
An important work!. This is an excellent and innovative examination of the effects the Marxist approach to time had on the Soviet Union. A masterful blend of historical and philosophical 
A Class Act. Len Deighton is a fine writer. On every page you marvel at the humor and finesse with which he writes. The story pulls you in and you 
General Semantics. I havn t read a book this good sense Wendell Johnson People in Quandaries . In general semantics they teach you the dangers in the word Is when 
Human Relations 101. Contrary to some reviewers, I felt the background of American atrocities added depth and understanding to the book. Does it make excuses for what the Japanese did? 
Excellent. The book came on time and I had no problems.I would buy from again, if given a change.  
Loves it. My 7 yr-old granddaughter just loves this. The key is whats so great. Nice lock and it s pretty  
A must for classic monster movie fanatics. This book brings back memories. If you are a fan of Famous Monsters Of Filmland, love movies like Frankenstein, Konga and House Of 
Excellent!. Just want to add my 5 stars to the rating. A truly masterful story of a person caught between the proverbial rock and a hard place.I am not going 
A response to SOPHIA, and all the other Sophias out there. In response to Sophia s review - and for the benefit of those who might be misled by it 
This book will change your life!. I had to read this book for a religious studies course I took at the University of Houston. I will never look at the 
FANTASTIC MOVIE!! Do NOT listen to someone whose User ID name is Pink Ipod!!!!. This movie is extremely entertaining and daring - I applaud the filmmakers for doing what they 
Wonderful!. The Rain Came Down...which made the chickens squawk, then the cat yowled and the dog barked. A man yelled at the dog and woke his sleeping baby. His wife 
ESSENTIAL for the first time mom. I don t think I can give enough praise for this book. It is so well written with humor and common sense. As a 
BEST MARRIAGE BOOK I VE EVER READ - A MUST HAVE FOR EVERY COUPLE. I ve read a lot of marriage help books over the years, and hands down this 
A thorough introduction to avalanche theory. For backcountry enthusiasts with a science background, this book provides a thorough introduction to avalanche theory. The book is divided into chapters which build 
Dear Zoo:A Lift and Flap Book. I bought the book for my 2 yr. old. He likes it a lot. He really likes animals and has fun making animal sounds. 
HIGHEST ARTISTIC STANDARDS. QUALITY ARTISTIC RENDERINGS IN A VARIETY OF MEDIA AND STYLES - A JOY TO SEE - HOWEVER NO DESIGN INFORMATION OR TIPS ON RENDERING - GREAT INSPIRATION 
 1 2 - more than just a mystery. The Boston based author, Dennis Lehane, wrote a great detective story with a social background so great, it is almost more 
Founding Brothers. Exactly what I wanted and delivered in a timely manner. Good book  
BEAUTIFULLY WRITTEN AND ENGROSSING. There are similarities between Fitch s earlier WHITE OLEANDER and PAINT IT BLACK, which strike me. Both are about a young woman whose life is overshadowed 
Great Insight into the Thought Processes. This book is priceless and was selected as the Book of the Quarter by the board of directors for Parentshelpingparents.info. The key reasons for 
An eye-opener. This book is an eye-opener, and it is a rich, well-written, masterful piece of cultural history. It also clears up a lot of misconceptions, both about gay history 
Incomplete. This is, unfortunately, the only book of Jewish Medieval thought for the secular reader, that I know of. As such, it s a valuable source, but it s incomplete 
The American Author. The first Faulkner book I read was in my junior year of high school. When I consulted my teacher about whether I should choose Faulkner or another 
Brook s Genius. What is great about the empty space is that Peter Brook s theory is relevant to all art forms. The four theatres he describes are basically categories 
Compassion, Love, and Mercy. Those three words, &quot;Compassion&quot;, &quot;Love&quot;, and &quot;Mercy&quot;, need to be practiced more often in our country of America. The author of this book, who I have 
Book two of the Vampire Chronicles ... the story of Lestat. As the sequel to Interview with the Vampire, The Vampire Lestat changes the focus away from Louis, and towards 
Visit Wessex in the Woodlanders and Savor the prose of Thomas Hardy. The Woodlanders is the eleventh novel by Thomas Hardy. Hardy takes us to an obscure village in his 
My all-time favorite cookbook for special occasions. This cookbook is, by far, the most influential book in my life of baking! I bought it shortly before my wedding a couple 
Brains.... BRAINS!!!. Running an undead heavy campaign? This book is a must. Granted it gives a lot of superflous info like undead anatomy still interesting but tottally unnecessary but the 
Possitive and Incouraging. I am about half way through the book and I have been greatly encouraged by it. When I am feeling down and read it it gives me 
Wall Street, Hitler and the games we ve played. This is an interesting part of the puzzle as far as the rise of fascism around the world. In the late 
A soothing tale that builds with each verse. The PBS show &quot;Reading Rainbow&quot; featured this book; James Earl Jones read it; I fell in love with it and have been 
Great Book!!. Be sure to have plenty of un-interrupted time to read this...Not only will you not be able to put it down, but you will definitely want some time 
How a village and its people showed us goodness. We will be discussing this book among others at the Colby College Great Books Institute this August . The theme of 
Best Book I Have Ever Read. By far, I think this is the best novel I have ever read. It is a very amuseing book that is hard to put 
What a miracolous authur poet. I am a resident of Charleston Southcarolina.I have read other books by Mya Angelou, she is an amazing poet and I would oneday be exactly 
Nice read but strange. I have read and enjoyed several books by Ms Cleage. This book is also well written, with realistic dialogue and lots of clever observations.I was saddened, 
A Muckrakers Dream. This book reveals Al Gore s pervasive dishonesty and rampant hypocrisy. Undermines his phony environmentalism by exposing his close ties with Occidental Petroleum and other polluters. Demolishes 
Good PM book. Easy read, good overview with realistic comments about the job of a PM  
One of my favorite books of all time. I read this book when I was in my twenties and it has remained on of my all time favorites even 20 
Informative & Entertaining - What More Could You Want?. I picked up and started this book a few weeks before going to a wedding on the Eastern Shore at St. 
Great reference for all skill levels. This is truly a well made and comprehensive bench side reference for the ambitious fly tier. The first chapter covers in detail different tying 
Sociological Undercurrents. The sociological psychological undercurrents of history have long fascinated me. Problematic and intangible, it is often difficult to grasp the more fragile, subtle details of past events. Often, 
Great book for new mother. I purchased this book for a young friend of mine who was about to have a baby and had lots of questions about not only 
Great History book for kids. This book tells of the history of America from its discovery the world wars. Written for children, it has black & white illustrations and large 
Quintessential Christie Poirot. A classic wealthy-relative-murdered-for-her-money plot, witty dialogue between Poirot and Hastings, and a gripping denouement make DUMB WITNESS one of the most quintessential of Agatha Christie s Hercule 
One of the best books I ve evre read. Gail carson Levine made this book so I coulden t put it down. it made me laugh and made me cry. 
Easy, entertaining reading while learning something new. Although much of this book is not for everyone, as some of the investment strategies discussed are too complex, it certainly doesn t 
Essential to understand oral tradition. A groundbreaking book which redefined the way we look at oral tradition. Oral-formulaic theory developed on Milman Parry s fieldwork applied to Serbo-Croatian singing, Homeric 
From So Simple a Beginning: Darwin s Four Great Books Voyage of the H.M.S. Beagle, The Origin of Species, The Descent of Man, T. Goo  
Very realistic. Not quite as good as Red Mars, or The Years of Rice and Salt, but this book by Robinson has a real sense of place. Perhaps it s 
fun, funky patterns. I bought this book after buying Adorable Knits for Tiny Tots and knitting several items from that book. From this one I have made the teddy, the 
Lots of facts, no analysis. When I found what I believe to be the first edition from 1960 in a thrift store for 1, I had no idea that this 
Best book for Verilog, esp. for beginners. If you want to learn Verilog, it could be a terrible mistake not to read this book first  
Keep this book next to your computer while you trade options!. I ve read and reviewed many books about options on my web site. Guy s writing and organization is 
A clear explanation of design strategies for the web. I found the book to be a clear and simple explanation of the design principles needed to create excellent web sites 
The Best Novel I have Read!!!!!!!. I am a well read physician and yet I had not read Fathers and Sons until this week. First this edition compared to the 
An Easy to Understand Approach to Lean in the Office Environment. Value Stream Management for the Lean Office provides a clear and uncomplicated approach to implementing lean in an administrative 
Kids in the Syndrome Mix of ADHD, LD, Asperger s, Tourette s, Bipolar, and More!: The One Stop Guide for Parents, Teacher, and. Just what I needed. Information was so 
Truthful, Insightful, Motivational - A quintessential heart-to-heart. I had the pleasure of meeting Hill Harper at the Delta Sigma Theta National Convention in July. As both a teacher and a 
Excellent MS on a Most Important Subject. Buy It!. `Robbing the Bees, A Biography of Honey The Sweet Liquid Gold that Seduced the World by novice beekeeper and first time 
Must have along with The Book of the Law. This is a must have to understand The Book of the Law. This book has given me a new outlook on 
Captivating and informative. None of us can fully understand what took place during the Doolittle raid. We weren t there, but Captain Ted Lawson was. He explains what took place 
Must be good--it worked for me. I read this book through a few times and wrote a proposal loosely based on the guidelines therein along with doing my own thing 
An excellent read. This Stargazer book gives us the story of Guinan and Picard s &quot;first&quot; meeting and gives us insite into the deep relationship that Picard and Guinan developed 
AHMAHHHHZING!. You can almost hear Seth speaking the words as you read...great quick book to get you up to speed on what is happening on the Great White Way.  
Most useful cookbook I own. This cookbook is SUCH a good idea! The fact that it has so many menus that total under 1200 calories is so helpful when eating 
A Useful Book. Generally geared towards leadership and organizational traits, this book was useful. One fault I can comment on is that there was an over-emphasis on sports analogies  
Great retelling. Very good book. We get to see the other point of view. The historical aspect is very interesting.  
In Tuscany. If you are the least bit interested in anything Italian then this is the book for you. In Tuscany has a great intro into the lifestyles there and 
Pretty Good. Helped to review all the material that I d forgotten and refresh the stuff that I knew.Good detail and wide look at general marketing. Not a beginners book 
A Great Alice. This production of Alice in Wonderland is pretty fabulous. I loved it as a child. It has a lovely mix of classic stars Sammy Davis Junior, Imogene 
gold mine. There were great tips right from page 1. Its a gold min  
Palmer LaRue. In this book, a boy named Palmer is living in a town that has a festival every year that involves shooting pigeons. In this part of the festival, 
Excellent Book. This book was introduced to me by our pastor s wife. It follows the journey of a begrudging camel and his lack of enthusiasm to do as God 
A Wonderful Book. I absolutely loved this book. It tackles a difficult subject actually several difficult subjects but one is primary in an honest and engaging way. I highly recommend 
Great book. I tried this book in an effort to get back on track. There is a diet for each season and a fat flush diet. I lost inches in 
broadly understandable. Sargent gives a broadly-painted view of nanotech, directed to a lay audience. He surveys the manifold promises for the coming decades. In medical diagnosis, healing, solar cells, computing 
It will keep you squirming in your seat. Something to take note of - you will learn a new way to learn the musical scale that is bound to leave 
A therapy that works. I am a Medical Doctor of Ecuador and I`ve been using the method for a few months and it really works in the percentages that Dr 
Classic Wilson. The great thing about Colin Wilson is that he has some unique ideas and a plethora of evidence to support them. The bad thing about him is that 
Another Massie masterpiece. Robert K. Massie, the author of Nicholas and Alexandra and other great books on Russian and WW I history has done it again. I have read several 
One of the best books ever. i love this book, i m 26 years old, and i have been doing alot of soul searching, this book has open my eyes 
flash and filigree. this was the first terry southern novel i ve read. the frantic irrational tone this book creates is great. the characters are right on par with o 
Insight into the Capitalist Mindset. This book provides an incredible insight into the capitalist mindset and its dehumanizing treatment of employees, whereby employees are treated as objects which need to 
Pretty Birds Review. An absolutely beautifully told, yet dark book. I d seen an interview on morning TV with the author and, based on his first-hand experiences and his discussion 
Many fine stories from Grandmasters of Science Fiction. I picked this collection up on a whim at my local used book store, mostly to get an idea of which other 
The Woodstock Nation revisited. It did bring me back ...to those thrilling day s of yesteryear. I was 18 and in the Army in 1972. I have forgoten most of 
Helped me make some discoveries about our own house. I m so surprised that there is controversy yes! controversy! about this Taunton Press Book that I m in love with.The 
Total fun!. It s nearly impossible to recreate another author s writing style. In fact, Clare Boylan undoubtedly took this project on knowing that it could possibly subject her to 
Outstanding. The item was sent very quickly. Excellent condition. Kudos to all who were involved  
Love is in the Earth A Kaleidoscopic Pictorial Suppplement Z. This is a fine follow up on Melody s other books. I did find that the pictures left a little 
Best Book. I am a person who dosen t like to read. However, after the first chapter of this book, I was hooked!!! This book is so funny and upbeat 
Work of Brilliance. It was about a year ago that my school did a production of R&G are Dead and the book was unbelievable! It was simply amazing how Stoppard 
Reveals More About Baseball. Money Ball was a great book. It shows that you don t need money to win in baseball take that Yankees ;-P Michael Lewis reavels that 
Incredibly Mysterious Twilight-Zone -Like Stories. This book has inventive, creative, modern, surprising stories with great depth. They often have a mysterious eeriness that hooks the reader from the start and 
Great Intro, But Lacking in the Details -. First and foremost, this book is an oustanding, fantastic introduction to the world of infectious diseases. Because of two factors, however, much 
Black Elk Speaks. I am really enjoying reading this book. It is the second time for me but it is as good as the first time. I know it is 
Baby Hearts helped me appreciate my active little Dandelion. Finally, an easy to read book about the rich emotional lives of babies. After reading Baby Minds, where I learned just 
Gift quality. I originally sent this to a friend for Christmas. Then I saw it in person and was enticed to buy one for my own collection. You will find 
Worthy of Pulitzer. Perhaps I am the last to know why, but for some reason, of late, there have been a half score of new tomes introduced regarding the Somme 
A classic for good reasons. Silent Spring - Rachel Carson 40th Anniversary Edition It was finally time for me to pick up the book that is often credited with inspiring 
A Fun, Escapist Sort of Read ... I ve noticed a lot of comparisons between Map of Bones and Dan Brown s The Da Vinci Code, but I read this 
Brief and to the Point. This is a brief and insightful book on the French Revolution. It gives a good broad overview of the Revolution and its wider repercussions since 
Best History Book Ever Written. Remarkably for a book written in 1938, this amazing volume is as compelling today as it was then. Extremely well-written, passionate, and erudite, C.L.R. James 
Brutally Honest, Dark, Funny, Etc. John Falk is a generous writer, sharing his raw fears and shortcomings while riveting us with stories about a war that seems all but forgotten 
Standing up for yourself. Few events have divided America as the Vietnam War. One of the most nagging questions regarding this topic is how and why America became involved in 
Great book for babies. My 8 month old son loves this book. It s his favorite right now, he loves the different textures on each page, the bright colors, and 
The best readily obtained Sorolla book. This large Sorolla book contains reasonably high quality images of most of the artist s important works. The text is story-style and often moving 
Mel Stabin...Figures. An excellent book for those who wish to improve figures in transparent watercolor....One of my favorites....Jack, Ohi  
Beyond Human Endurance. Shipwrecked and held captive by Muslim slavers, this true story is so well written and researched and the story so unbelieveable it is difficult to put down. 
Good Timing For a Great Story. Adrian Wojnarowski must have been one the luckiest writers of 2005--his chosen subject, a basketball team coached by coaching legend Bobby Hurley in one 
Wonderful and Honest Book. I love this story, and every character has specific impact on the life of one strong woman. This was definatly a page turner and I never 
Simple, fast, and pretty patterns. I learned to knit with the help of Percival s Knitting Pretty, so I have a soft spot for her books. I bought Speed Knitting 
Daily meditations empower women. Many books of affirmations speak to creating the life you want - but few address the issues women face like The Woman s Book of Empowerment.Written 
A feast for lovers of Gourmet Magazine. The best of writing from the Gourmet Magazine of the 60 s and 70 s. Writing from the Goumet we know and love 
Why 5 stars!. Because it s an outstanding first novel. I bought the book because I was at a reading by Andy and wanted to find out what happened to 
Study Bible. I really like this Bible. It explains things very clearly. It is a little larger than I expected & a little heavy, but I would buy again. I 
A very useful reference in Multivariate Statistical Analysis. The more powerful and advance research techniques becomes, the more easy it is for an average analyst to go astray. This is 
More, more, more!. No, this isn t a Heinlein. It isn t even a counterfeit Heinlein. What it is, is a thumping good locked-room mystery set in a far-flung future. 
Excellent Book. I am in my 12th week and have found this book to be an excellent resource. It gives just enough information in an organized manner. It s straightforward 
indepth and invaluable. In doing extensive research on the basic, every day living of people in Victorian England, I found this book to be an invaluable source to my work. 
You ll read it over and over again. This charming little book is a great guide for anyone who wants to know the man who is St. Patrick. In this 
Excellent for the beginer and the experienced DP. This book goes back to first principals and clarifies things that many of us have picked up by experience without really thinking 
Scott Plays with Your Emotions. Hard to Put Down. The Washington Post originally reviewed this book by saying, It is remarkable to read such a terrifying work expressed in such 
From an ex-Clemson perspective. Dylan Schaffer is an exceptionally good writer, thoughtful, empathetic. Moreover, he has a story to tell. I recommend this book to anyone interested in, or enmeshed 
Passion!. Romanus Wolter has written an inspiring, yet practical, book for entrepreneurs who want their Dream Job: by launching their dream business. Romanus is an enthusiastic coach and mentor for 
The Lessons of Life in Dublin. The simplest of all of Joyce s works, Dubliners introduces the people and everyday life present in Dublin, Ireland. While the events can be 
I m addicted to gravy now... Ok, so I grew up a northerner who never really had grits or white cornbread or a real live mess o greens in my 
THE ART OF ADVENTURE!. The name J. Allen St. John may be unfamiliar to a lot of people but St. John was one of the first great adventure artists and 
Changed my life really! . Want to be a better writer? You re not going to find a better resource than this. This is not an advice book, it s 
An excellent collection of essays on art by an artist. Based on a series of six lectures given by Shahn at Harvard University in the 1950 s, this collection gives 
Fun, fun, fun!. Miss Fortune finishes Julia London s Lear family trilogy in great style. Rachel, the youngest of the three sisters, is a good friend and sister, a long-suffering 
SIT DOWN AND RELAX. A usefull source for professionals and collectors.Each description comes in three different languages English,German,French  
Excellent odyssey through the human experience!. While this wasn t as suspenseful as Intensity, which I believe is Koontz s best work, this is an excellent story with very vivid 
AUTHOR REPLIES TO ONLY REVIEW POSTED. Schwartz NEO-NOIR is truly a scholarly work...the single review now posted on amazon is innaccurate, immature insensitive and vulgar. There is an excellent introduction, 
PMH Atwater is an authority on near-death. I have read ever book PMH Atwater has written and believe she is the definitive researcher on the near-death experience. Rather than extracting 
Another riveting Arkady Renko tale... Red Square is the third Martin Cruz Smith mystery in the Arkady Renko series. After Polar Star, Renko finds himself back in Moscow and restored 
A.S. Byatt does it once again!. This is one of the best literary works I have read. I cannot fathom the bad reviews here. The story of the eccentric Potter 
Great Book for those looking into 1940 s fashion!. I got this book though amazon s used books, and was completely pleased. Websites and library books often offer a very 
A Fascinating Look at the Old Hollywood Studio System. &quot;The Making of the Wizard of Oz: Movie Magic and Studio Power in the Prime of MGM--And the Miracle of Production 
Raises the enduring and fundamental questions of mankind. This book is an essential compendium of the writings which have most affected 20th century thought, social structures, and politics. Despite our 
Mystery with a heart. Chief Inspector Banks is called in to investigate the disappearance of a little girl named Gemma. Her bewildered mother has let her go with people who 
Real History. David McCullough does an outstanding job of presenting history as a living entity. George Washington, among others, is portrayed as very human, i.e., not always knowing what to 
Excellent and helpful :- . These books are always fantastic. They are choc-full of good information and it s so handy and useful. Inside, it talks about all the top 
Indispensible. For a serious or even casual card game player, this is simply one book you cannot do without. You can very easily and simply handle any dispute by refering 
The real orogin of Price s symbol O -&gt;. This book is the real source of Prince s symbol O -&gt; which he claims to have invented. Another case of 
amazing!. It s unbelievable how Sidney Sheldon draws his characters, I could almost see them and hear them talking. I have read many other novels for Sheldon, this is still 
the legend continues. This book is great but too short. It sticks to the point and facts but leaves you wanting more  
Bust your guts. It s comedy. It s detective mystery. It s good-natured satire rolled into one. It has the potential to become a cult classic, except it s written 
Wonderful, Fabulous,. This is a book that should be read by anyone in sales or marketing. This book would also being very helpful to business owners as well. The book 
From my textbook to my favorite read. This was one of my assigned texts for an English class I took. At the time I didn t even know what Postmodernism 
Refreshing, sweet books you ll love to share with kids!. I have received a little flack from fellow library employees for liking these books, however, I must support Ms. Rylant. 
Excellent overview of globalization. Steger begins by defining the term globalization : A set of processes not a condition towards greater interdependence and integration among the various cultures of the 
Stealth invasion of America. Every citizen of America should read this book to learn about the miserable performance of the Immigration and Naturalization Service in enforcing our immigration laws and 
Successful Work Habits. The author describes key elements to determining success for anorganization and its workforce. The book will help to refine a series of behaviors aimed at maximizing job 
This is an interesting book to say the least. The greatest, most supreme magick, is the ability to abide in perfect happiness, untainted bliss in every moment. Subsequently It is 
Ecology - human, animal, vegetable and planetary. This is a tour de force, a brilliant, densely packed account of human evolutionary biology and ecology, setting the progress of the human 
A good book for investment novices. Though the title of this book leads one to take it as the sequel to the author s first book &quot;If it s raining 
A great new series!. I bought this book because it was by Tamora Pierce and I read everything she writes. I opened it up to find that it was written 
Yoga of the heart. This book is about yoga for the heart, which is rare in our body sculpting culture, yet paradoxically heart diseases are one of the greatest risk 
Carolina Moon - A Very Good Story. Young 8-year old Hope Lavelle is out on a nighttime adventure to meet her very best friend, 8-year old, Tory Bodeen, a victum 
Great Referance Book. I work in telecom and use this book everyday. Mostly to look up the millions of acronyms I come across. Rarely has a term I m looking 
A Beautiful Finale. After the War is a beautiful finale to the wonderful writing career of Alice Adams. In typical Alice Adams style, this novel follows the life of her 
Practical. For each body prayer, there is a description, a posture and a prayer starter or meditation. It s been a great resource to get our people out of the 
New twist for an old theme. This book entertains in an olde, but new fashioned manner.It is a wonderful take-off of the Big bad wolf theme, and my granddaughter loved 
Greatest resource for new investors. This book is the best book on investing I have ever read. It is filled with numerous addresses, phone numbers, and websites with a wealth 
Funny, something else. Stick with the story to the end, and you will find that it is not only a comic novel, but something else, too  
So complete. Not only does this dictionary have a more complete variety of words than many, but it also contains a number of helpful proper nouns which come in handy 
Clear and simple - just what I needed. I am a young entrepreneur. I took an introductory business risk management class to better understand the environment, and to avoid or 
Help at a difficult time. When my father first recommended this book as I was struggling to write a letter to the family of a friend killed by a drunk 
Octavia Butler Could Write!!!. The world lost a true talent with the passing of Octavia Butler - this book is a prime example of it.In Sower, the country is deteriorating 
I Feel Great!. I am a registered nurse and have a pretty good sense of my nutritional needs. Boy was I mistaken. This book made so much sense I felt 
CREEE PEEEE. I won t tell you what this book is about. I ll only say that it was very well done, I couldn t stop reading it and that 
Great starter book for AC s. Of the two major textbooks on ACing, this is the best one to start with. It gives enough information to initiate you into what 
Philip Jose Farmer was thinking leagues ahead of any writer in sci-fi, that s what. First off, this is a review I intend to edit later to give readers more 
Insight on The Concept of Indexing. Mr. Bogle, the founder of The Vanguard Group, does an excellent job explaining the value of indexing and shows historical and relative information that 
A Classic Detective Novel. The Maltese Falcon is a classic detective novel that is a great throwback to the private eye days of the 1920 s. This book is a 
Monumental. On July 1, 1863, leading elements of Robert E. Lee s Army of Northern Virginia, operating in Pennsylvania, stumbled into elements of the Union Army of the Potomac, commanded 
Content Area Reading. I purchased it for a class. However, when I am done with the class I will keep the book for future reference. It is informative and well 
Don t Panic. The Hitchhiker s Guide to the Galaxy is the number one best selling book in the galaxy for many reasons. One it is slightly cheaper than others, 
I have to agree. Like all the other reviews, I used this French phrase book in France and absolutely loved it. It was a lifesaver. Dictionaries were thorough and well-planned. 
Very Interesting Book. I m currently reading Gulliver s Travels for my English class, and i have to say, what a very interesting book. I wasn t a huge fan 
The Great Game Ct d. A nice followup read to &quot;The Great Game&quot; also by Hopkirk , this book details the efforts between the World Wars by the Soviet Union 
One of the most important surviving ancient Pagan texts!. &quot;On the Mysteries&quot; by Iamblichus is one of the, if not THE most important surviving ancient Pagan text from the late 
Did Anyone Else Notice The Bagavad Gita Connection?. Having read the Bagavad Gita, it only much later dawned on me that Carlos is Arjuna and Don Juan is Krishna - 
I highly recommend this book!. I agree with all those who found this book to be a great educational tool. It is direct and to the point! It covers all 
A Must Have. This will take your no limit tournament game to a new level! I would recommed to anyone who plays NLH tournaments  
An enjoyable read. This was an interesting book. It is the first book by Charles Dickens that I had ever read. The language was weird but that was because it 
The complete Dickens. Immediately upon starting Dickens Our Mutual Friend, I was struck by parallels with Dumas The Count of Monte Cristo. Both big novels revolve around a powerful character 
Royko was the best. &quot;Like I Was Sayin &quot; is another collection of great Mike Royko newspaper columns, these drawn from the 60s, 70s and early 80s. Royko was the 
Financial Rapport. Investors who want to survive need to avoid torpedo stocks - the one s you don t see coming to blow a hole in your portfolio. This requires 
Interesting. I find the idea of this book very unique. There are a lot of things in this book, that I wasn t aware before, and I really enjoyed learning 
enjoyable. This was an enjoyable book. Great for the holidays. Not exactly the normal scenario for Stephanie Plum, but still a good read  
Spiritualism Unmasked. This is a brilliant, thoroughly researched, and thoroughly illuminating book. Though the prose and the ideas will be tough sledding for anyone looking for a light read on 
Meaningful. This book is wonderful and inspiring. It is about life, and contains the deepest spiritual and philosophical insights that can be had on the subject. Nathanieal Branden is an 
A nice historical text on the changes in student populations. This history text focuses more on the classifications in the student population as defined by Horowitz and the changes in 
A major contribution to culinary history. Delicious too!. Arthur has made a magnificent contribution to arts and letters with this painstakingly researched book. It is a true sociological, historical, anthropological 
Dicky and Nicky. To put it as simple as possible, Tender is the Night is the story of a man and woman in a codependent relationship. She needs him for 
3rd Grade Reading Group, Newport Oregon Elementary School. If you like action and funny jokes this the book for you.. It tells mewhat it would be like to live in 
A man a plan a canal panama. Just remember A man a plan a canal Panama reads front to back and back to frontGreat book by a great author.  
One of the great ones. At the end of Woody Allen s movie &quot;Manhattan,&quot; Isaac Davis lists the things that make life worth living. Along with Louis Armstrong s version 
Best Sports Book Ever. All I will say is that this is the book that made my wife a baseball fan and that everyone I know who has read it 
Fantastic novel. I disagree with the readers who thought McMurtry s characters are flat and undeveloped. Part of the beauty of this novel is that everything in it works to 
Not as scary as in 1938, but still exciting and VERY interesting!!!. I had never heard the full radio broadcast untill purchasing this CD, but it is VERY easy to 
Lively look at the dueling leaders who launched GM. In this book you ll find eccentrics, misfits and geniuses who made and lost fortunes, founded and lost companies, gained brief 
Important reading for prophets and current criticism. The paper back edition of Wilson s book makes a classic available to current students of the Old Testament prophets. Wilson brought increased 
A must have book. This book by Charlie Gillet has to be the ultimate guide to anyone who has an interest in popular music from the 50 s and 60 
My Favorite. This is my favorite book in the Rose Years series. It reflects a simple but happy life on a farm. Rose enjoys a friendship with a neighbor girl 
A terrific ending to a great series. [warning - major spoilers] I loved this fantasy series, for the characters and generosity of spirit. Some reviews on this site think the 
Set the night on fire. Charlie s parents once needed some money - as college students they both took part in a drug trail.The drug unknown to them had queer 
One of the best showbiz memoirs ever!. In the interest of full disclosure, I must admit that as a teenager -- many years ago -- I was an avid fan 
One of the best books I have ever read. I always thought of Toni Morrison as the leader, the queen, and the matriarch of black women s fiction, but the 
Good Ideas For Small Spaces. This book has excellent pictures expressing the use of water features for small spaces. Gives good examples of &quot;how to s&quot; and diagrams of putting 
My Favorite. This is my all time favorite book! I have never found myself going through so many different emotions while reading one book. It is definately one of Nicholas 
Animal Spirt Guides. This is an outstanding book to take you deeper into connecting with our wonderful animal kingdom. You will also connect with yourself - spirit, truth, and essence. 
A Very Good Place To Start. Upon finishing Dombey and Son this morning, I thought back to the first Dickens work I ever read, which was David Copperfield, as a 
Nice and Creepy. Forever Will You Suffer, a first novel by Gary Franks, plays out like a film, with strong and eerie visuals, some genuine shocks, and a lingering feeling 
Good!. Ideal for scientists or engineers who want to read about physics  
Just a note to the last woman. You say that you now feel 75 and you want to feel 100 , that won t happen. There is no cure right 
Cousins Rock. Ramsay is my cousin and I know he s worked hard on this project...We are so proud of him! I m ordering books for christmas! Congrats Ramsay! We 
Flying Blind - eye opening!. Smerconish says what he thinks, which happens to usually be consistent with what I think and experience. It is a fast read, which reminds us 
My toddler loves this book!. I received this in a lot I won on eBay and I m very glad that I did! It s very simple and short and 
I suppose I should wait until my head stops swimming... I finished reading this book not but half an hour ago, and it s one of the most amazing things 
Do You Want To Live Extravagantly ?. Are you ready for the extraordinary? How To Find, Meet And Date A Beautiful Woman is the key that will give you an 
The Yellow Emperor Learns How to Dream. In The Book of Lieh-tzu - the third and least-known of the Taoist classics with the Tao Te Ching and the book of 
Great straghtforward information and advice. I recently a started an S corp for my software contracting. The book is helpful and worth the price. It won t answer EVERY question 
tom vs. tom of finland is a demonstration and if you re intrested in gay-art you must have this book as soon as you can ....so this masculity is supported 
Must Own. This book is a must-own for actors looking to learn about the physical traning of Viewpoints.It s great, and practical, and you ll find yourself learning.A must for 
Making Something out of Nothing. The estimate of the number of American Indians prior to the arrival of the White man has long been a minor industry. Estimates have generally 
Thought Provoking. This, like any good book, will cause you to think, and for me it was to question something at the time I agreed with. Grisham tells the story 
Jam-Packed Resource for Anyone Interested in Workplace Teams. This book offers a terrific balance of &quot;principles and practicals.&quot; I found the author s grasp of workplace teams and their purpose 
A very big book. Este libro es altamente recomendable. Gracias a l he descubierto a muchos ilustradores que hasta ahora no conoca. Adems tiene muchsimas pginas completas de ilustraciones a 
Not a book for the home cook. The only mistake that ruins the dish I ve found so far is the volume of white whine Bourdain gives for the moules 
How Secrets and Unresolved Grief Can Destroy. Let me say first: Yes, I live in Lexington. No, I don t know Kim Edwards.Okay, now that that s out of the 
Book helps cure sense of helplessness. I found this book extremely helpful. We all feel frustrated by the actions of other people -- be they obnoxious drivers or sales people 
A Real Treat. All you have to do is write one true sentence. Write the truest sentence that you know. Ernest Hemingway in A Moveable Feast Posthumously published memoir of 
Fiction, but non fiction. As a long time Civil War buff I found this book utterly fascinating. It takes the true story of General Sherman and his march to the 
Simply romantic. This is the most romantic book of poetry I have ever read. I was born in Chile only a couple of hours away from Neruda s hometown, so 
As good a detective novel as you will ever read. From page one the strength of narrative and the wisecracking of the PI Bernhard Bernie Gunther is a detective novel 
Wonderful Book. I am a teacher and I purchased this book for my classroom. I felt it was a wonderful book for children, not only for its educational value, but 
Hallelujah for Natural Progesterone and those who support it. Thank you, Dr. Lee for your book! I was on a calculated plan of natural progesterone for approximately 8 months which 
Innovator s Dilemma, Digital Era s Dillema. The American dream has a new name: e-business. But the realities of Internet era business are harsh and unique: a company who runs 
A Good Starting Point. This is a good book full of information and if you re just starting to clean up you life, this is a must read  
Great Book. I thoroughly enjoyed this book from beginning to end. Very relatable drama. The characters felt real and I didn t want the book to end. Not one wasted 
Who was the man in the iron mask?. In life, he was sentenced to a cruel fate--in death, he would become a legend. Alexandre Dumas tells the tale of the 
 A guy needs somebody to be near him....A guy goes nuts if he ain t got nobody. . Written in 1937, when the Depression was still affecting all aspects 
real people, real life, real solutions. this book started off intense and full of political emotion and it never backed down. if you would like a real and emotional story 
The Mediterranean Prescription: Meal Plans and Recipes to Help You Stay Slim and Healthy for the Rest of Your Life. TODAY is the First DAY of the rest of our 
A wealth of useful tools, practices, and explanations, .... As an Oblate of St. Benedict I have read many books on the Rule of Benedict. This is the most useful 
Book Contents. The search inside this book feature was not available when this review was posted. Hope it helps.ContentsAcknowledgmentsHow to use this bookChapter 1 - Problem, Process, and Product1.1 Core 
Excellent review of PCOS!. Dr. Vliet s newest book is a super addition to the others! As a sufferer of PCOS, I found this book to present a thorough understanding 
An unique and welcome contribution to architectural studies. Straw Bale Building: How To Plan, Design &amp; Build With Straw is unique in that it does a great deal more than 
WONDERFUL. This is a great book. I am only on the 2nd chapter and i feel that Patt and Steve Saso are at my house everyday. I really recomend this 
Engaging from start to finish. This book was never boring, not on page 100 or page 1000. The research is phenomenal, and Mailer has done an excellent job of taking 
Western Mayfly Hatches. Everything about this book is first class, the quality of its construction, illustrations and top-rate information. The book focuses on info that can really be used by 
the author is my kind of gal pal. This is a great idea... I really want to meet the author! She cracks me up  
 I tried to do it all, without screaming I am dying with you. . As the novel opens, Ellen Gulden is in jail, on suspicion of having aided in 
read this book!. If you want a good read, and a very detailed and lifelike story, read this. This is my favorite book, and it amazes me how much she 
Easy to follow and understand. To this beginner lao student, I thought it was easy to understand. I was able to work on this independantly, and then refer to my 
Mystery or Romance - Doesn t Matter - It s Great!. HOME PORT is a story about Dr. Miranda Jones, an expert in authenticating artwork. She is attacked in the 
The Antidote to Platonic Love. Constance Chatterley s gamekeeper, Mellors, brings out the animal in Her Ladyship, and he extends the protection to her that he does to all the 
Beautiful and Tragic. I love this series so far, both for the originality of the setting and the power that the story holds. Fantasy-medieval-Japan is well drawn--Hearn weaves a spell 
Is It Really Worth Dying For?. Buy this book! Learn to refocus the positive aspects of your type A personality for success. Don t let the title fool you. This 
very useful. This is a fine book for kids to learn and practice English grammars. Many kids read well, but cannot write decent sentences. An early start in grammar makes 
A master at work. This is a great book by Stephen Quiller who is a master artist in acrylic. His books explains all about how he accomplishes that with ease. 
Haunting Biographical Study. Fans of Patricia Highsmith s dark and disturbing fiction will undoubtedly find Andrew Wilson s biography an absolutely fascinating if occasionally harrowing reading experience. Highsmith s life 
Easy to read & understand. This is the second book by Echo that I have read. I have sentences underlined, pages dog-eared, and notes in the margins. I can t 
Pretty Sweet. This book is pretty sweet. It reveals alot of Houdini s life, as well as some of his magic tricks. I m not sure why the description of 
Family of Fab Five Fans. Having become a Fab Five Family Fan Club, we had to have this book. I m a wife and mother living in an otherwise male 
Organizational design made feasible. Competing by design is a great source for for anybody who thinks about organizational design. After having read it, you will never consider &quot;cocktail-napkin&quot; designs again, 
Much better than Book 1. More of those classic characters and rich geography that I was missing from Book 1: Krondor the Betrayal.Book 2 centers around one of my fav 
Psychological Novel Worth Reading and Thinking About. The Good Soldier is a book not of our time, perhaps in that it requires you to read it discerningly, and in so 
A predictable mystery, but the action and the culture was just gripping. I loved this novel, and while I guessed the Whodunnit, the why dunnit was less easy to guess. 
Bastante Util!!. Es un excelente libro. lo puedes llevar a donde sea, ya que no es de un tamao excesivo como otros, este es un solo tomo, con la informacion 
A quick read to get you started with the Zone. I needed something to get me started and this book was just the thing. This book explains the principles clearly 
A useful piece of American literary history. Noah Webster s book is fascinating reading for today s students and teachers alike, as well as for the average citizen, as there 
A master work from a master writer. I m reading this for the second time, this time for a book club. Jones writes the most nuanced, believable characters. This book 
Motivating Give a Copy to a Slacker Teenager . Through a series of biographical sketches of historic geniuses in a number of fields, Howe argues that they develop their abilities 
Excellent book on natural care of menopause. This book is very thorough in explaining the physical mechanisms behind menopause as well as the emotional issues. It is a very indepth 
Great arrangement of material !!!!. If you are like me, and your eyes fatigue with staring at the computer DVD s or online programs for hours OR... you need something 
Soldier s eye view of the war. Most graphic account of major operations that I ve seen. Gives the flavor of war with superbly written passages. Also emphasizes the blunders 
Thought provoking and truly original. This was a movie I didn t expect to like. I hadn t heard that much about it and wasn t all that enthusiastic about 
Good book. Easy to read, no biology degree required. Helpful insights on how thought influences our health and reality. Brief mention of quantum mechanics  
Detailed, comprehensive and accurate. This is a great book for those who want all the details on how to proect your heart, against cholesterol and other heart disease risk factors. 
Stunning and memorable. This work of comics journalism is utterly stunning. Sacco uses the town of Gorazde as a microcosm of the war in Bosnia. Though numerous pages have been 
Great books. As others have said, this is a perfect book! No more reading from old magazines, newspapers, or the label of your shampoo just kidding . I m so 
Super helpful and informative!. This book included just what I needed to hear. It s not going to be easy, but it can be profitable! So often we as studio 
The sexiest nonfiction book I have read yet!. I could not put this book down. Any student in psychology or biology should read this book. Any man who would like 
A Dynamic Duo for many Years!. This fantastic writing duo has continously given readers awesome fantasy epics for awhile now. Even though I personally believe their first 2 trilogys are 
The Shaman s Apprentice : A Tale of the Amazon Rain Forest. I saw this book on Reading Rainbow today, and I was enthralled by the story and the beautiful 
Buy this book!. As an avid reader of scripture and one seeking all potential sources of God s word, whether directly from his being, or inspired, I take this reading 
Awesome -- best blackjack book in print!. Blackjack For Blood is the best book on blackjack I have ever read -- and I have read just about all of them. 
a beautiful book. Colors of the Mountain is a beautiful narrative. I understand many people didn t enjoy this book based on its incorrect history and such. But me, being 
Aaron Hits A Home Run. In his autobiography, Henry Aaron takes you back to the beginning of his baseball career and makes you feel that you were right there with 
After reading Chandler Burr, read this. This book is a more in-depth exploration of Luca Turin s hypothesis a pretty darn good one, if you ask me that the nose 
Every American Citizen should read it. If you are concerned about the future of our country you should understand the perils it faces. Are we going to rot from the 
Very satisfying. But sure enough, an hour later... This fine reference performs its function admirably, cataloguing the most important milestones in the history of philosophy and explaining abstruse ideas in 
Nursing Documentation. This is an essential book for anyone involved in reading medical records. It provides an overview of nursing charting, with a special focus on documentation issues specific to 
Amazing. This is the best book I ve read in a long time. I Know This Much Is True is a total modern classic. The characters are so real that 
A must for any who would sell - and protect - their crafts. Craftspeople need a variety of business and legal forms to organize and promote their work - and 
Important Life and Sailing Lessons Revealed. What a wonderful book, by a courageous woman. As I read the book, I felt that I was there with her during her struggles 
Real and amazing. This book was amazing. Incredible what these folks go through and the author takes you on a terrific voyage. GREA  
Another must have. If you like the Native American culture you will appreciate this mystery even more. The characters have depth and you can t help but get emotionally involved 
Wow!. I got this book on spur of the moment after reading &quot;The Electric Acid Kool-Aide Test,&quot; and was just awed at everything! A must for any fan of Kesey 
Easy reading for the lay person. I m not a Bible scholar, so I m basing my review on ease of use for the lay person.This Torah was written to 
Jesus Who? Myth Vs. Reality in the Search for the Historical Jesus. Excellent book.I live in Brazil, in a very religious community where often the bible and the new testament 
Another Great Book by John Farrell. John Farrell s brilliant new book is as thoroughgoing a critique of modernism as you will ever see. Farrell illustrates how we have given 
The Business of Baseball. As with &quot;Barbarians at the Gate&quot;, Helyar makes what could be a boring topic into an enlightening read. A walk through baseball s past from a 
amazing!. I have read several Michaels books, but this is one of my favorite. This one I could not put down and finished it in 2 days. These are some 
Network Passed with just this book!. Hi all,I passed network and scored 85 by reading this book 3-4 time and that s it!Quality is all i can say. will use 
Very good learning materials. This book contains many useful examples of real design applications with various coding styles. It is a very good reference for the students who start to 
Excellent Book. This book is both well-written and exhaustively researched. The critique thus far in the reviewer notes on this Amazon site has the strong whiff of disappointed Nathan Bedford 
Best Fitness Book in the History of Time. This book outlines a very readable, very achievable program that is easy to follow, and yet feels challenging enough to feel effective. 
Pretty Damn Good. From the very first page Scar Tissue captivates the reader s attention. Anthony Kiedis is a vocalist of the world famous band called the Red Hot Chili 
Business Globalization Requires Positive Thinking. As schools of management extend their brands worldwide, one of the most important elements missing may be cultural awareness. &quot;The Power of Positive Thinking in 
Ref for amateur and pro in aquatic garden aquascaping. This is a recommended book for aquatic garden aquascaping hobbyist. All informations delivered nicely in simple language & example that even 
Follow where the evidence leads. This book presents Craig s cogent and compelling arguments for theism. After reading this book, notwithstanding Sinnott-Armstrong s arguments, it becomes difficult to be justified 
Everyone should read!. &quot;Mental Leaps&quot; gives the impression of an academic book, and it is. However, it is written so well that [almost] everyone can understand it. It is a 
The Mulberry Bird. We read the original version to our adopted daughter until she was old enough to read it herself. She s now 22 yrs old and still calls 
An Assistant Director Prod. Manager s Dream !!!!. This book is gift from heaven for any AD or UPM. I had the old edition and thought it was great. But 
Among Hillerman s Best. First published in 1973, DANCE HALL OF THE DEAD was and is still considered among the best of Tony Hillerman s Joe Leaphorn novels, a series 
Winslow Homer, A GEM for the Serious Art Student. As an Art student, venturing into watercolor recently, I received this book as a gift. I truly gained much information about 
Understated title, great material. If there were superlatives that have not yet been applied to Martin Gardner, then I would use them here. While most know him as an excellent 
Nice. This book is imformative and nice two thums up. Read it if your in 7th or 8th grade so get if your doing National History Day aka NH  
simple and correct. The concept of this book is simple and correct. The negative reviews forget that this is a book about advertising, and not about finding a cure for 
A witty and entertaining historical novel. The Last Witchfinder is an ambitious and ultimately satisfying departure from Morrow s earlier Towing Jehovah series, usually classified as a science fiction or 
helpful. I have my degree in English... I like reading and teaching with this version as help not as a substitution. It gives a clearer understanding to Shakespeare for people 
Old Books, Rare Friends are marvelous. Given to me as a birthday present on a misty Northwest beach,the whimsical allure of these charmingly self-possessed women residingin one of the toughest 
Challenging, but worth the effort. After reviewing some of the research and modern theory around narcissism, I was drawn to finding something of substance that explained more about grandiose thinking, 
Two Views of Ayn Rand. If you re interested in the life of Ayn Rand read this book, and then Nathaniel Branden s My Years With Ayn Rand. Yes, both 
A read before you go book. My husband gave me this book for Christmas before we went to Venice and it was a great help planning our trip. I read 
The dark side of the American Dream. Most Las Vegans hated this book. We are used to exposes written by journalists who fly in for a few weekends and then 
Finally a page-a-day calendar you will never forget to turn. This calendar is absolutely spectacular. The photographs are vivid, beautiful and printed on high quality paper. Each day has an 
David Downs is better than Mary Poole. One can truly understand what it means to be human after reading this book. David is a wise and practical acting teacher. Downs 
The Gardening Book of Ohio. This is a great comprehensive gardening resource for any gardener, but especially those is Ohio. Written in the same chatty tone as McKeown s WKRC 
Gung Ho Baseball. The best part of The Samurai Way of Baseball is the first two chapters, which follow Ichiro Suzuki s childhood and career. His father devoted his whole 
Fascinating Empress. This book was completely engaging from the first paragraph. Everything else I had been reading that week failed to fully capture my interest, but I was unable to 
Good synopsis of the Iran-Iraq conflict. The Longest War by Dilip Hiro provides a thorough political history of the Iran-Iraq conflict. Those with little to moderate exposure to the war 
Instructional Designer s Handbook. Dr. Clark s instructional methods in this book describe five different areas: facts, concepts, processes, procedures and principles of technical training. It summarizes and applies current 
debbie brown s magical cakes. this book is so fun. i am not a cake baker i plan to take a wilton class or two but i like to craft. 
Victoria at Ashley El. This book is a wonderful book. It teaches you the life of a salmon and what they eat and what eats them. It is very interesting, 
Tobacco Road Rivalry!!!. Interesting read, the history of the Duke-Carolina is very intense. I would agree it is the most storied rivalry in college hoops, but as a UK fan, 
Outstanding Book........But not for the Military Man. This is a very well written book for the new father to be. It breaks everything down Barney Style so you can understand 
You Get the God You Want. It has taken me quite awhile for me to be able to fully accept and embrace the fact that everyone has basically created their 
Well worth the price. One in a series of indispensible DETAIL Construction Manuals, Roof Construction covers a broad range of roof types from modern built-up and tensile roofs to traditional 
Intimate portrait of the Renaissance. There are few books about the renaissance that are as entertaining and rewarding as this autobiography of Benvenuto Cellini, one of the most celebrated glodsmiths 
Cryptography Demystified. Cryptography Demystified reflects refined and fundamental thinking in cryptography. Dr. Hershey s style is enjoyable without compromising subtle points in the field. The book is an excellent reference 
terrific. Like a pretty picture that you cant stop looking at this books grabs and doesnt let go. Mr. Cobens characters are so realistic you feel you know them personally. 
Simply Complex. This is one of several Hemingway books I have come to read, actually in this case, listen to.I loathe idling about so I decided while I wait, wherever 
Great book, but a letdown from Pretty Horses . This is an undeniably beautifully written book and wonderful story, but was a little less of a personal favorite than was 
An eclectic mix...from art to text. I m a postcard collector swapper who regularly sends and receives cards from all corners of the world. This collection of 100 Maverick Postcards 
Must-Read for Every Investor. It s Earnings that Count should be on every investor s bookshelf. Whether you are a seasoned investor with an extensive background in accounting or just 
beats a sharp stick in the eye : . all kidding aside, its a great book. I was a little put off by what seemed to be a lack of 
Is just a part of the last book of the musketeers. I read the Vicomte of Bragelonne, and the story is about Raoul, son of athos. The book contain all 
Great Book. When I first saw this book I was not impressed - it seemed just ok. But my now 20 month-old daughter loves it. It is definitely one of 
Win in Small Claims Court!. If you have a claim involving 5,000 or less, you can easily and inexpensively bring an action in Small Claims Court. But even though Small 
Dramatic, violent pulp art in the spirit of Frank Frazetta!. Ken Kelly was a student of Frank Frazetta and it shows in Kelly s style of art. This 94 page 
No Hair in Omaha. I m so glad I ordered this book. It absolutely reflects so many of my own experiences with cancer treatment  
Impressionism form another point of view. This is a highly readable, almost a page turner, account of the ten years or so surrounding the rise of Manet s fame really 
Maya Cosmos is essential to archeo-astronomy. The foundation of Maya Cosmos is the re-discovery of the Mayan creation myth in hieroglyphs, art, and modern Mayan daily ceremonial ritual. The creation 
A new classic. This book is a terrific compendium of new, classic, and newly classic recipes from a region not usually considered a culinary mecca. Brooke Dojny compiles a surprisingly 
A definite read. Whether or not you already know about the ultra-Orthodox world, this book gives you a good look inside. There are parts that are inspiring. I didn t 
&quot;A Must Read for anyone who didn t attend - or finish&quot;. I have always felt bad about not finishing college and was stuck. This book gave me the lift 
Straight talk in a world of misconceptions. In this book Doug Thornburn takes on 118 common and often pervasive myths about alcoholism and alcoholics. Each myth is defined and explained 
Sensual, beautiful and divine recipes!. I absolutely love Nigella s books, and this one is no exception. The layout is simple and sensual, and the varied recipes are easy to 
Excellent read, personification of Freudian concepts. I make no claim to possession of extensive literary insight nor capability, so I ll keep this brief. Coming at this fresh with the 
A Children s Book?! Hardly.... Ah, the English. Known for Toffee, the Beatles, and one of the rare modern-day monarchys, they are also known for another thing:Scaring the bejeeze out 
A toddler favorite. &quot;The bride s gown was made in town the groom s pants arrived from France the champagne came from Spain while Jake baked the Cake!&quot; As everyone 
The characters come fully alive!. I have read most of Philippa Gregory s books now on print. She has the ability to narrate the story vividly as if watching a 
Must-Buy for Authors and Librarians. School visits can range from abismal to inspiring. It all depends on planning and communication. This book is the perfect resource for librarians and PTO 
Germaine Greer...Not to be taken seriously. I have given this book five stars to try to raise the rating a bit. I read this book way back in the seventies, 
Moving story marred slightly by biased jounalism. For some, Football is a drug. While playing in a tiny school in the lowest division in the state, I saw my share 
Has all the juicy details. I bought this book because I wasn t able to make much sense out of the stuff in TechNet regarding how security worked in Windows 
A truely unbiased perspective?. I ve really enjoyed reading this book. No, it s not a truly unbiased historical account but I ve appreciated his fair treatment of the subjects 
Good Book. This is a great book that looks at marketing from a practical real world point of view.For the people complaining about the book go buy a kotler book 
Whole Lotta JKG. Richard Parker s bio is exceptionally well written and researched. As a non-economist, I found this a rather compelling read. I covet JKG s career. No denying 
The way to write books!. I used this book for two courses that I taught: One was for a graduate course at Carnegie-Mellon University and the other was for a 
This is indeed the french hornists bible!. This book is my favorite of all time-- and for a teenager, that may seem strange. I have played horn for about four 
A history of the Catholic Church from our generation s Hillaire Belloc. Mr. Crocker is our generation s Hillaire Belloc. I ve given this book to converts and cradle-Catholics alike 
educational and somewhat challenging in a fun format. My son has used the preschool version and the Kindergarten version and loves both of them. It is a wonderful quiet activity 
The Family Sagas. In contrast with the Greek classics brand of mythology and the Poetic Edda, these tales of the Norsemen are written in straight-up in-your-face prose. Prose is my 
The encyclopedia of Country Living. Wow!! full of info, ideas, almost overwhelming! I keep it on my coffee table  
Horses for Dummies. This is a great book. I liked the content and was able to get good advice on riding and taking care of my horse. It had been 
A fine &quot;Fantasy Whodunit&quot;. This is the fourth book in the &quot;Joe Grey&quot; series. I think the author has refined her technique a lot since the first book, &quot;Cat On 
An invaluable resource. reading the authors introduction gave me a wonderful walk downmemory lane, recalling how fortunate I was to be brought up by parents who encouraged and supported readingThe 
Strong, Lyrical. Commanding. This writing is so strong, lyrical and commanding, that I am almost able to forget how much I dislike the story. Two boyhood friends fall in love 
Hilarious!. This was one of my favorite books growing up. The rhymes are particularly appealing for young readers. I can still recite certain lines: I am leaving! shouted Nora, And 
Multi-level knowledge. It s almost impossible when reading one of Dr. Lisiewski s books not to drift off into some fantasy land of the mind where anything and everything is 
A Novel Approach to Fiction. I loved this book, I first heard about it when Papadimitriou gave a guest-lecture at my school on the application of game theory to the 
Another Grisham page-turner...not a bad thing, really. A storyteller who can grab your attention and keep it is doing his job , I guess. Grishham is one of my favorite 
Sad but moving. I think that this book; The Privilege of Youth, is a very good book. i dont recomend people who are depressed to read this book. it took 
A Great Study. great. interesting detail on the Me tis culture  
Buddah boy. Buddha Boy reviewBuddha Boy by Kathe Koja is a realistic fiction story of a religious young boy named Jinsen, who is new at Rucher High School. The kids 
A REAL MANUEL ON HOW-TO RUN A BUSINESS. Its a real road map on how to get where you want to go in business.Its content is practical and very useful 
The Emotional House - a review. While not all suggestions in this book are either applicable or practical for our family,there are enough good ones that I am totally satisfied 
Poor Customer Service. Absorbing book!My concern is the very poor customer service of Amazon.com. So far I have been unable to reach anyone at Amazon.com, so will use any venue 
Good for fans of L. M. Montgomery. If you re not a fan of L. M. Montgomery s work, you might not find this book very interesting - for me, 
Non-native speaker. Perfect source to maintain the accent. Learning English grammar and words,most of the non-native speakers ignore the phonetics and correct pronunciation. However, over a few years I became 
A Great Story Well Told. This organization of this book is very helpful for putting the trip to China by President Nixon in the proper context. By interspersing chapters giving 
Great Read. As the VP of IT at a medium-size IT organization we are always striving to be more cost-effective. In the past few years we ve implemented processes like 
Outstanding information, sometimes a tough read. The guy who wrote this seems to like using big words just for the sake of using them. I have never seen the information 
Thou Shall not Grill. I have not read this book yet. But I enjoy all her books.so that is why I bought the book. I give all her boos 5 
It could happen to any of us................................ I sympathize with the previous reviewer... this is a difficult subject to read about, but also to write about. This is an extremely 
Intriguing!. This book is great in that it s both a very personal story about Minor the madman and Murray the professor but also about what went into making the 
Not for Women Only. If you enjoy sharp prose, clever language, and insightful stories about our times, this book is for you -- be you man, woman, child, or monkey! 
Technical but Mostly Easy to Understand. This book gives many good examples of the U.S. Government s dumbing down of America s poor.It s technical side will surely make it 
Adventure literature classic. Adventure literature classic. National Geographic ranked it #57 in its top 100 Adventure Books of all-time.A team of nine, mostly strangers, attempts to be the first to 
From Roman Stagnation to Renaissance Dynamism. This book by the husband and wife team of Joseph and Frances Gies is a labor of love, and it shows. It provides an 
Tom Cat In Love. Tim O Brien is a wonderful writer with great insight and imagination.  
a useful and very funny book. I have read this book at least three times. His advice makes sense and the book is illustrated with funny stories from the author 
Simple, but hearwarming. This is a sequel to Women of the Silk, and is consistent in writing style and interest. In this novel, Pei flees to Hong Kong ahead of 
Simply lovely!. This is the book that pulled me into the world of Anne Shirley -- therefore it remains as the most precious book of the series to me. I 
Bosch A. Handbook. This is a great tool for anyone looking to use a reference manual.I highly recommend this for all engineer  
The History Boys. I saw The History Boys on Broadway. I could tell the play was fabulous, very funny, with exceptional actors. People were laughling and the little I heard 
Fine book. Plot: interesting.Suspence: present.Entertainment: page-turner.Hidden messages: not that much.Book ranking for series: 8thMysteries: Quagmires  
Captains Courageous. Of course an excellent book, truely a classic. I have read it to my children and will likey read it again to them and perhaps their children  
Sweet Nostalgia. I, too, grew up on Long Island in the 50s and early 60s two years in Queens and ten years out on duh oyland . I m a 
Up there with the best World War II combat novels. Scott Turow has transcended the world of the thriller. Consistently since his first novel, he has given us books with 
Photography updated. As an photographic educator I have found this book to be a great tool in planning leasons and teaching not only current photography but it s history and 
Very motivational. Tom Platz is definitely ahead of everyone else in terms of intensity. I admire him for that. This book is very motivational but I feel that this book 
Valuable Book. Instead of wasting money on Iyengar s books, this is safer, simple way of doing PRANAYAMA. This book is worth it s weight in gold.Alternet Nostril Breathing is 
Not As Bad As Some People Say. I love the Repairman Jack series and this story is no exception. Some people do not like that he doesn t do any 
The Search for Miracles in Everyday Life. Although, it took me about 30 pages to really get into the story, afterwards I couldn t bear to put it down. It 
Puts me to shame!!!. I can t give up shoe shopping for one weekend and she gives it up for one month. Truly remarkable. Ms. Carlomagno is my hero. I 
Brilliant! A Possible Solution to a Troubling Dilemma. Richard B. Hays argues that the passage in Galatians 2:16 translated into English as, ... a [human being] is not justified by 
Old Lions Fan. A very interesteng read, If you are old enough to remember all the players  
Great Book. We got This Train out of the library for our 2 year old son, and are now buying it from Amazon.com, because he refuses to give up the 
Great Choice. Think you may have a personality disorder, but you re not completely sure? This book has tests to show where you stand on the continuum of such. From 
Gandhi, A man of Truth. Barrister Gandhi, in his book Gandhi and Autobiography: The Story of my Experiments With Truth is a real account of experiments with truth or what 
THIS BOOK SHOWS WHAT TALENT AND A LOT OF HARD WORK CAN DO. I was sent an original galley of this book and I can tell you first hand, this 
Interesting. Just finished reading this book and found it interesting. There s no question Maj. Winters was a leader, but the author left me puzzled. I m inclined to think 
Provocative and accessible to a broad audience!. This is a very, very good book. It can be a quick read and unlike many other books in the genre of comparative 
A Must Read for Every Man and Woman Looking for Mr. Ms. Right!. Oh, brother, was I ever looking for love in all the wrong people! Until I read this 
Great book for life, for everyone. This book is good for really getting at what you want in life. I suggest it and others from this author for everyone  
Definitive, required reading for this subject. Flesh of the Gods is, along with Harner s Hallucinogens and Shamanism which came out the year after , one of the very best 
Creative Fuel!. This is a great book for anyone looking for creative inspiration. This should not be confused with a craft how-to book. Textile arts in this case support the 
Finally--an investigative reporter takes on the important issues. This book is a terrific volume for understanding what s gone wrong in America over the past 30 years. Unlike many best-selling 
What was left unsaid... While the definitive overall Brontes biography is Juliet Barker s The Brontes , and the various Bronte-related works of Edward Chitham are invaluable in their own 
Great for daily bedtime reading. This is the second copy of this Bible that I ve purchased; the first fell apart from enthusiastic use. My daughter loves me to read 
The Mastering Book for sure. I am an amateur photographer and was into serious photography after buying my Digital SLR a year ago. Till then I was looking for a 
Lessons from a leader. Its important to distinguish the book from the leader company that is Dell. The company and the person are outstandingly awesome while the book is just 
me, myself and I. a certain Rick Stanton previously left a nice review saying that unless you were raised by dogs, this book will teach you nothing.in todays America, there 
Excellent reference for herbal medicines. Being a licensed practitioner of Chinese medicine here in the US, I purchased the PDR for Herbal Medicines, 3rd ed. because I wanted to have 
nice dictionary. I ve been using it to help me in my italian course and it s been very helpful  
Good for beginners. Good guide for begins only but it is a pretty book to have  
Serious Marriage Saver!. Gary Thomas is a man who knows history, culture, literature and his Bible. His book opened my eyes to the selfishness that pervaded my marriage and taught 
Very good!. This one is good, full of explanations and step by step instructions on how to get the desired results. I am a fan of FOED books and along 
The Thinking Person s Resource. There are two ways of modelling business environments.The first is how they like you to do it in tightly controlled organizations like the military -- 
concisely written history and recipes. Well written with beautiful photographs , this book explores the history and appeal of the aperitif.It provides not only the recipes for cocktails, but also 
Beyond Good and Evil. Beyond Good and Evil: Prelude to a Philosophy of the Future is a translation of Jenseits von Gut und Bos by the tormented German philosopher Friedrich 
Great. I loved the book. I read most of her other books and they were all really good. I was not disappointed by this last book I actually enjoyed this 
An appetizer, but not the ful meal. This tape set by Brian Tracy is an abridged version of the program by the same name that Brian did for Nightingale-Conant and 
This is the next best thing for those who have been there. I saw this book on a shelf in a internet shop in Montego Bay. I opened it in 
Great Mem Fox - must have!. This is a super Mem Fox book for all you book lovers out there.My 2 1 2 year old LOVES Where is the Green 
Living for Lust. I should have read this biography sooner. I used to be in love with his paintings, and even fantasized that IF I were to travel back in 
sweet and short. I got this book as a graduation gift... I ve resorted to it off and on since then...the recipes are simple to follow and the ingredients are 
Great for young kids who are about to get an adopted sibling. This book did a fantastic job of covering the wide range of emotions that children will encounter when 
Definately worth a try... I found the first book, Faerie Wars, pretty interesting so I decided to read this one. In many ways it had excellent qualities such as suspense, 
A historical excursion through the Mississippi delta. Blues Traveling: The Holy Sites Of Delta Blues by Steve Cheseborough an independent music scholar and a performer of blues music showcases the 
Another great book from H. John Poole. This work by LTC R Poole is an excellent treatise of not only current events in the Middle East, but also their relevence 
A Classic Book On Healing. Because of his education, experience and compassion Frances MacNutt can speak on this subject with more authority than almost anyone. His book is logical, practical, 
Stunned. I really enjoyed this book, but it has been a while since I read it. I can still remember many parts of the book: The sisters car ride, the 
Everything Low-Fat - etc Cookbook. Love the book- bought 8 more similar titles. Replaced all the cholesterol-laden, fat-dripping, high calorie cookbooks I used for years. Great CookBook. Easy - Tasty 
counting your way to china. This book is an excellent tool to teaching to count in chinese. My daughters ages 3 and 6 found this book fun. It makes learning 
A Lifeline of Hope. How do you handle it when you learn that your child, parent,brother or sister, close friend, etc.is struggling with homosexuality? This book is a lifeline of 
Absolutely essential read. This book is an absolute MUST READ for all actors. I am convinced that no-one should be allowed on stage until they have read this book.Stanislavski s 
Most Important Readings in One Book. This book is a wonderful collections of the seminal essays of Donna Haraway. Thankfully, they are also the easiest to understand though Haraway is 
Great Book!. This book ROCKS!!!!! Great advice. My love life has improved since I have read it. I have a better understanding for what women are looking for. Where has 
George Orwell and his brilliant intelligence !. This is a vignette selection of this admirable English writer. The most haunting esay would be to my mind How the poor people 
Inspiring, Moving, and Exciting...a Great Read. This is the first book I have read by this author but I have to admit, I want to go back and read his 
An excellent book. I really enjoyed The Traveller s Gift which was recommended to me by one of my very successful friends. I am a huge student trainer of Personal 
Possibly the most important critique of PoMo available!. Eagleton debunks some of the central tenets of PoMo thinking in order to re-claim rationality, enlightened critique, the human subject, history and 
The Best of Its Genre. Casino Operations Management is the best book on the market now focusing on operational issues that confront casino managers. It is arguably too much for 
King Shows Off His Range in 14 Excellent Stories or at least 11 or 12 are Excellent... : . 14 Dark Tales require 14 short reviews:1 Autopsy Room Four: A 
Awesome Book, annoying character. I ve read the Chronicles, the New Adventures, and the Second Generation when I started on the Legends series. This is a very good book, but 
Wanted: More Master Li and Number Ten Ox. In case you don t trust all of the other reviewers, allow me to interject my praise for Hughart s World Fantasy 
AN LIGHT INTRODUCTION TO EGYPTIAN MAGIC. Those who want to find in this book something like a &quot;recipient&quot;-book for practicing ancient Egyptian magic, are quite wrong and must look in 
Great Book. I wish my parents had bought this book for me when I was a teen. I have 2 daughters and will have them read this when they are 
Card counting and beating the casinos at their own game. In the mid-1990s, a team of American science students took on the might of the Las Vegas casinos, and came 
good. I liked this book, bit slow going to read, but overall a very good book  
The start of something special. Amanda Davis first collection of short stories gets her career off to a resounding start. &quot;Faith or Tips for the Successful Young Lady&quot; is perhaps 
why would you NOT want to read this.. I picked this book up based on the title. I saw it sitting on the shelf and thought it would be a 
I really liked it!. I just got the book a few weeks ago as a gift. It was so good that I read it within 2 weeks. I wish I 
This is indeed a 5-star book. This is a perfect book. Remini does an excellent job on Webster s great Supreme Court cases, not from a legal standpoint but from 
One of his best!. Along with Songlines, On the Black Hill, is Chatwin s most accessible work. For those unsmitten with Chatwinitis, these two gems of rich storytelling give an 
My Daughter Loves It. My 11 week old daughter loves this book. She stares and or coos at the pictures. It even calms her when she is fussy  
I highly recommend this author s books. Judy Jance was my neighbor in Seattle when she wrote her first book. I ve read everyone of her books and they are 
This book is uplifting without being Pollyannaish. I found the Art of Resilience a worthwhile read, particularly for someone dealing with grief or loss of some type. The format would 
The Best Carlyle- As lucid as Acid. Widely known is the lucid and acid historic sense of Thomas Carlyle. This is what you will find in this book. More accessible 
A superb guidebook. Expensive BUT it works. I am 40 and suffer from ankylosing sponditis a form of rheumatoid arthritis and before I found Dr Murray my back pain was 
The Little Thing Above The i. This book was great, and the end was amazing. If you have read his other books, you kind of expect the suspense, but just 
Found it very useful and easy to read. I am a Life Coach who helps retirees live their dreams in retirement, whatever retirement looks like to them. Steve Vernon s 
Excellent book!. I really enjoyed this book. It is easy to read and provides a wealth of information about various ways to treat and cope with fibromyalgia. It is particularly 
meet the real Lincoln. This is a fascinating read. Lincoln deserves to be on Mt Rushmore.I was impressed with Lincoln s ability to run the political rat race, all the 
Very readable. A good collection to have. It seems as if people have the basic Shakespearean tales, but these are some of his best and many people don t know 
Not to Bad. While this was a good book, I was slightly dissappointed with it. There is alot happening, which is good in the sense that you won t be 
&quot;The Nitrogen Cycle&quot;. This book is the key to the closet, where we keep everything that we never use and rarely want. Tate has a keen gift of putting a 
Literary Classic. Literary Classic. It is a rare that any book you have to read for school and that has been translated can be such a fast pace, thrilling read. 
Amazing Collection. I was never a big fan of short story collections until I picked up Jenny and the Jaws of Life. It s quickly become one of my favorite 
Brilliantly ironic and insightful... I ve only read Tobias Wolff s short stories--both this book and the ones from &quot;In the Garden of the North American Martyrs&quot;--but this collection has 
Perfect all around gardening book. I bought this book to help me plan, and plant a vegetable garden. This book give s you such insight on how vegetable s grow 
Thoughtful and complete. This is a well rounded review of the privatization of government. It provides a good backdrop for the analysis of alternative privatization schemes, while using anectodes to 
WoW!. This book is recommended to every pastor and their staff who wants to reach their community with the real gospel. Every church staff should read this book, and go 
alterities resisted. A welcome cypher to help de-cipher the cypher of Wilson Harris wonderful magical writings  
You should get this if you want to know what the Buddha really taught. I admit it: I find most of the books written by monks interpreting the Buddha easier 
great books of the modern world. one of the great modern books a must for anyone with any sense of humor and wit. if you are serious forget it. if 
A Brilliant Expedition. Charles Fort seems to have regarded all events as morally neutral, or at least morally equal, and so he might have regarded this altogether admiring and swashbucklingly 
Montana 1948 Book Review. The novel, Montana 1948, written by Larry Watson, was an exceedingly impressive book. It was an inspiring story that stands for justice no matter who it 
Excellent. The Circle of warriors continues to train for the ultimate battle as their saga continues. They have achieved one victory over Lilith, but that only makes their foe more 
How We Know. This is a detailed study of what we know about the different atomic weapons holdings and development efforts and how we obtained that knowledge. Jeffrey Richelson describes 
issues of intimacy. mr. real is a superb writer capable of communicating to an audience very effectively. this book cautiously navigates through this touchy subject with examples that pretty much 
CHILLING THRILLER WITH ROMANCE A PLUS. On a cold morning in February three men waiting their turn to appear before a criminal court judge find themselves locked down in one 
One of the Finest. I first read Warrior Scarlet as a youngish teenager, knowing absolutely nothing about it, and was immediately captivated by it. It rates as one of the 
Some of the reviews seem to be missing the point. How can anyone spend a couple of years abroad, anywhere, and expect to portray an accurate historical account of the 
great commentary. Without a doubt the best english commentary written on this epistle. Rich in theological awareness and exegesis  
Don t be put off by the extreme sounding title. This is one of the best books about effective communication I have come across.As a manager of a large teaching 
Go for it, you won t regreat. I bought this book for my school text. It is comprehensive and well organised. Good for beginners...give it a try  
A book long overdue!. This is a perfect book for Real Estate Agents and Home Buyers alike.Filled with useful information, and covering all aspects of real estate, the book is 
From formal subsumption to real subsumption. The Micro-Politics of Capital by Jason Read is an outstanding comparative study of Marx s analysis of the prehistory of capitalism with the postmodern 
Nora Roberts- Born in Trilogy. I ve yet to read something written by Nora Roberts that I have not been completely satisfied with. She s the kind of author that 
Is the series on the Sherbrooks over?. In this &quot;last&quot; novel on the Sherbrooke siblings, Catherine Coulter does a wonderful job on relating the romance between the &quot;priggish&quot; vicar, Tysen, 
A surprisingly strong entry in the series. When I first finished The Waste Lands and picked up Wizard and Glass, I was ultra-excited to continue on with the series. Then 
Must read for hiking Kentucky. I echo the previous review. This book is very informative, well written, and very comprehensive with discussions on 79 hikes. For anybody interested in the 
An emotionally powerful and insightful book. This book has been around for quite some time now but I recently read it and there are so many questions that have been 
Lawn Mowing et al. Pollans description of what is a green thumb and the sysiphean art of mowing reminded me how therapeutic gardening can be and why it cures depression. 
Great Southern Literature. I was drawn to this book by the recommendation by Lee Smith on the cover. Anything that Ms. Smith endorses, I will be glad to try. And 
Everyone should read this book to develop their thought process. A book like this one isn t about the conclusions that are reached in its discussions. It is about the 
A Very Exciting Book. North to Freedom is about a boy named David who escapes from a prison camp somewhere in southern Europe during WWII and travels all the way 
Well written tribute of a great President. A great biography of one of the greatest Presidents of the twentieth century. Lyndon Johnson, whether people like it or not, has left 
A must have for your theatre library. A vitally important book about creating theatre in the 21st century. Those who complain that this book is not a handbook for how 
Eye opener!. This book is a must read - cold hard facts everyone should know  
angels and demons. this second book of Dan Brown is a joy to read. For readers interested inhistorical places such as Rome, this book points out several new facts unknown 
Classic. A must have for all those wanting to expand their understanding of cameras in the process of making beautiful fine print  
A very realistic book. I throughly enjoyed this book. It was nice to read from an author who talked about how she struggled in life and even went to jail 
Should be On Every Feminist Bookshelf, in Every Library. Count yourself lucky if you are able to find a copy of the 3rd Edition. It is extremely rare and very 
Astounded. I love this book! This has brought back so many visions and memories of years gone by which brings me to a safer place. Whoever can claim the idea 
Here s a book with atmosphere. Here s a book with atmosphere. You can almost smell the campfire and the Arbuckles Coffee brewing over it, right alongside the scent of 
Backyard Birder. I am just an amateur, but this book has helped me identify many birds that frequent our area  
Great Book to Have...... I tend to grab this book more and more. Its great to know what all the ingredients are in the facial ptroducts I use. Knowledge is 
British police procedural. When Harry Steadman is murdered, Inspector Alan Banks and his officers are called in to find the killer. Because the murdered man was a genial professor, Banks 
One of the best books I ve read in a long time!. I really enjoyed reading this book. I have been thinking about creating a new small business for some 
Strategies for dealing with the opposite sex. This book not only explains the differences between men and women but also gives strategies to each sex for dealing with those differences. 
Hope From Heaven. Safe in the Arms of God is described on the cover as truth from heaven about the death of a child. In this short, but intense book, 
Now I know why it was a bestseller!. When Rabbit Howls takes the reader through the time during therapy to uncover the horrors the troops of Truddi Chase live with. 
An excellent book. I have read all of the circle books, actually all of Tamora Pierce s books. This is defintely a good one. It is for an older audience 
How Republicans Can Save America!. In 1993, Democrats, with the help of Vice-President Gore, passed the largest tax increase in America. Through 1993, and 1994, there was no success with 
You ll laugh out loud when you read this book. A spirited fantasy warning: this is an adult book--you won t want to read it to your children that will 
An artist of words. Probably one of the more underappreciated novels in American literature. It is unfair to charecterize Baldwin as merely a social critic of the civil rights era. 
Dylan: Visions, Portraits, & Back Pages. This is a superb book. For those, like me, eager for more information on the ever-enigmatic Dylan, this is the book to read. It 
Golden Laughters and Tears. When I am a old lady I shall wear purple........ Remember that poem. Author unknown to me. When reading this book, I cried, laughed, remembered and 
Read?. This was my first english japnese dictionary i never thought i would actually read a dictionary but i would actually sit down and read it if i ever thought 
quick, accurate read. that s pretty much my review. it was helpful, informative & a quick rea  
A complete &quot;how to&quot; workshop under one cover. Bob Adams Small Business Start-Up: Your Comprehensive Guide To Starting And Managing A Business is a complete &quot;how to&quot; workshop under one 
Another beautiful and touching collection of essays - great for anyone contemplating motherhood. This collection of interconnected essays explored Laskas adventures in raising her two adoptive children, Sasha and Anna. 
Truly integrates entheogens in their proper place. This is a fine survey and analysis of Greek mythology. The matter-of-fact balanced integration of the entheogen aspect of myth is noteworthy. This 
I Would Say. I would say that it has bright and lovely pictures that you would love! Buy this book for your children  
Right on the money!. Unlike alot of other books out there, the title of this book is right on the money when it comes to the content of the book. 
We love this book. My toddler has been reading this book since she was 12 mos old and is now almost 3yrs. We sing it to the tune of Beverly 
The Source of My Programming Knowledge. This book is not only what taught me JavaScript, but computer programming as well. I continue to refer to this book today, years after 
Better than Old Macdonald. If you are a fan of Dr. Seuss, you will love Gunnar Madsen s Old Mr. Mackle Hackle. The colorful photos and witty text are reminiscent 
Suspenseful and compassionate. linked to koontz s work midnight, this is another interesting look at possibilities. he artfully portrays the character of christopher snow and his rare disorder with a 
Us Government Field Manual. As a Gulf War Veteran and Us Air Force member, I found this FM to be very genuine to standard military training literature. Actually, I was 
Very Entertaining with some useful information. I like this book, it s a fun mix of silliness and instruction on how to do things that could come in handy one 
A must have. This is an extraordinary, extreme and titillating collection. Nazi sexploitation at it s finest. Not for feminist s or the politically correct. This thick and handsomely printed 
Earth - Mars Connection Found in Mexico. I really liked this book. It is the fist book I ever read about NASA photographing the Face on Mars and all the 
This one is HOT. Honk If You Love Real Men is one hot and steamy anthology. Every story will have you reaching for a fan and a tall glass of 
Deeply Moving Historical Novel. Anne Perry has developed great depth and skill since her early novels. I think if one is expecting simply a murder detective mysteryone might be put 
More than just a list of recipes!. I thought Betty Crocker would be too old-fashioned for me, but this book is excellent for beginning cooks. True to its title, this 
Bravery!. I think Joseph Carroll has written a work that is perhaps too ranging in content. He has an admirable intellect and his knowledge is so sweeping that he reminds 
Pugs! Pugs! and More Pugs!. The cutest collection of pugs I have found in any books.....a great conversation piece for the coffee table or a great gift for your friend 
WOW, this book is good...and I m not Black!. I bought this book to be passed around the Adolescent crisis center where I work. It s an INSTANT hit, with 
The man is a genius!. F. Paul Wilson had me hooked after The Keep, and I just recently acquire this book. He is so clever and versatile, and all the 
A brilliant apology. Change causes anxiety in some, and so rapid change is for them absolutely terrifying. The author though is a self-professed dynamist , and embraces change with a 
Wonderful read!!. Once I picked this book up, I could not put it down. The way Greene chose to set up this book and play out the story is excellent. 
Tripled My Effectiveness!. Awesome book! I used the ideas about the Pleasure Priority to keep relaxed--not attached to the outcome--alternating between precision relaxed and non-precision relaxed; never do I enter 
Interesting and true to itself. I picked this book up as a lark not really knowing what to expect, but liking the title I thought I d give it a 
Rebuttal to Attack-Captain Nemo. This is in response to the scathing review by Attack-Captain Nemo.I have always enjoyed The Number of the Beast- it was actually the first Heinlein work 
another wicked read. its been a long week for Arthur Penhaligan and unfortunatly for him, its not getting easier. only a few days after the defeat of Sir Thursday and 
This is a great book. If you are a law student or lawyer or just anyone interested in the law from a technical perspective this is a great history of 
A caring and compassionate work. The former First Lady s book is a very compassionate effort which can help a person who has to deal with mental illness for the 
A Show-er or a Grow-er?. Bad luck for Shawn Levy that he spent years and years writing the definitive story of Porfirio Rubirosa, calling it THE LAST PLAYBOY, and along 
The reading Teacher s Book of Lists. This book is very help to all teachers not just reading teachers  
The Best One Volume Military History of World War II. Without a doubt, &quot;A War To Be Won&quot; is an impressive achievement from a historian s perspective. It is quite 
Great Book. The book is historical fiction, and the plot is still suspenseful! The characters are outstanding! Vidal is a hell of a write  
Once again, V. Moran spoke to the part of me ready to listen. I m writing this as I finish the last bit of this mind-changing, attitude-adjusting book. Victoria Moran 
Best of breed. Seventeen years after publication, Sheehan s book, IMHO, remains the best single volume about the war. I won t heap even more praise upon it in light 
Excellent source for the Harlem Renaissance writers. This is a fantastic source for essays by many of the Harlem Renaissance writers. Every convievable writer is highlighted in this book, from 
No More Resentment Over Household Chores. I m sold on the idea of getting household help, but many of my friends say they would rather do it on their own. 
SPENSER MY GUY. IF YOU ARE A SPENSER FAN THIS SET OF MOVIES WILL SATISFY A HUNGER FOR A GOOD SPENSER MOVIE. IT MIGHT EVEN TAKE YOU DOWN MEMORY LAN 
Very Good Source For Researching Franchise Opportunities. As the President of Franchise Interviews, we have met and consulted with thousands of aspiring entrepreneurs looking to buy a franchise. Bonds is 
helpful. I have my degree in English... I like reading and teaching with this version as help not as a substitution. It gives a clearer understanding to Shakespeare for people 
Not to be missed. Edwin O Connor is truly a wordsmith. He takes the reader into the thoughtful world of Father Kennedy, and by the end of the book each 
Excellent as both an MMX programming tutorial and reference. Given this book, I was able create several MMX routines for performing high-speed bitstream compression. Each instruction is discussed in great 
A great guide to the whys of toddler behavior. Every toddler does odd things--insists on wearing the same outfit for days; drags a grimy, beat-up blanket everywhere; shouts NO! then 
Hilarious Homage to Comic Book Fantasy. These guys know their superhero lore, and their maniac humor and inventiveness make the Manual a really fun read for anyone who s at 
Lincoln at Cooper Union. Prof Bernstein hits the nail on the head in his review of Harold Holzer`s Lincoln at Cooper Union . Mr Holzer writes fluidly of an important, 
Could be dangerous in the wrong hands. Kevin has written yet another facinating look at how many unsuspecting are manipulated. He will confess that many of the techniques could be 
The Corrido of The Mexicana. I have read every Perez-Reverte novel . . . because he brought to life the worlds of antiquarian books, paintings, old fencing masters, chess, crumbling 
Russell Vorpagel s Profiles In Murder. In this engrossing book Russell Vorpagel instructs a class in death investigation. He uses some known and some no-so-known cases to teach his class 
OSTROGORSKI S &quot;RESSURRECTION&quot;. This is one of the most interesting and realistic analysis on democracy and political parties. The author goes deep into the &quot;real&quot;, factual functions of the social 
completely essential. this is the most useful and necessary guidebook not only for indonesia but for any destination you may have  
Delenda est TV. This book is a revolutionary manifesto, a call to arms against the modern-day Moloch, that pernicious idol television. Read it at your own peril- if you re 
Don t Listen to the Bad Reviews. Of course, I listened to the bad reviews of Specimen Days, and so deprived myself until this week of the great pleasure to 
One line pulls from the next...I was yanked through this story... I apprecite stories like this because they re emblematic of the sort of society we d like to have, 
Excellent addition to any dark world. Mysterious Places is an excellent companion to Antagonists 1588464784 and Ghost Stories 1588464830 , althoughy it s premade settings have more in common with 
Loved the book. Loved the book - love the author. Don t read this book in bed with anyone else - your laughter will keep them awake  
Cannonize this book. I ve read part or all of this book several times, as the multiple highlightings & margin notes in my treasured copy attest. It is readable and 
Saving lives. I train UK crisis negotiators, and was looking for a simple, jargon-free guide to NVCs in words of not more than three syllables. This hit all the buttons. 
Eye Opener. If you are in the advertising business, then you should read this book. Although it focuses on large corporations and their advertising strategy, the lessons learned can be 
Alan Dean Foster s ghost. This was a great read. I read this book as a kid, however, once I started my hardcover star wars collection I decided to repurchase 
Superbly told, heartfelt and uniquely King. Stephen King has an outstanding ability to make his stories come alive to readers, to not only see the story vividly but to see 
An outstanding reference for the 1982-1994 G.I. Joe releases. As a serious G.I. Joe 3-3 4 collector, it has been difficult to find a good reference for figure accessories, and 
Great Ghost Stories. I totally enjoyed this story of ghosts from the past paralleled to the characters from the present. Declan Fitzgerald Boston lawyer turned house-restorer has been drawn to 
Accounting for the increasing boredom. Imagine being bored with what is going to happen to you. What does it take to bore people to death with the very means by 
Learning the truth about the legend. Nat Turner led the largest slave rebellion in American history. That is an indisputable fact. Unfortunately, not much else is known about the life 
A Poem about Wholeness &amp; the Collective Amnesia of our Times. This is a luminously compassionate and brilliant novel poem that on some intuitive level rings &quot;true.&quot; It s NOT 
Not Returning to Chewandswallow. I thought PICKLES TO PITTSBURGH was the sequel to CLOUDY WITH A CHANCE OF MEATBALLS, but I was somewhat mistaken. The children from the first story 
The Definitive CMMI Blueprint. I would have to say that the presentation of the material within this manual is one of the best I have seen. The first 5 chapters 
Well that certainly explains everything. Until I read this book, I thought I just couldn t receive any more enlightenment on Pluto, until this book. I avoided because of the 
Very Helpful Guide to Publishable Non-Fiction Writing. I really enjoyed this book and recommend it every chance I get. I took a non-fiction memoir writing course a few years ago 
The Fashion Designer Survival Guide. my friend, for whose birthday i purchased this book, is delighted and learning so much needed info  
Great Read Aloud. This book is a great read aloud for young children. Mine can t get enough. I have found them combing over an atlas a few times after 
Raven Review. As a fan of this Katharine Kerr series in its entirety I found this book to be a must read, and one that I could not put down. 
Awesome Read and Great Storyline. I absolutely Love all of Nicholas Sparks books. I have read them all and if want a great read with a touching story then he 
Tom Robbins is not one of my favorite writers. But I loved the concept and the story of this book. It was fun  
Brilliant twice. First, this one of the most delightful pieces of writing that ever appeared in more or less English. It succeeds as a sustained exercise in illogic. I am 
Things Fall in Place. Things Fall Apart has been described as Africa s best-loved novel , read widely not only in Nigeria where it was written in 1958, but across 
A Musical Prophet. Like so many other deceased musicians, there are way too many &quot;insider&quot; books about the person. This is the only authorized book by the Bob Marley Foundation 
Way better than CSI. I love forensics! From the very first episode of CSI I was hooked on Sci-crime sleuths. I love the idea of silent witnesses , things like 
Mathematics and Madness. A Beautiful Mind by Sylvia Nasar is a fairly interesting biography of mathematician and 1994 Nobel Prize Winner in Economics, John Nash, that raises more questions than 
 When gentry try to act common they become common. . While keeping faith with August Strindberg s original intent, French s take on this classic repartee emphasizes the arguments 
Worth the money. Great book on different drawing techniques and the basics of perspective drawing as well as more advanced composition samples. The step-by-step instructions are easy to follow and 
GREAT BOOK. We had to read this book in school and I was glad that the school finally picked a good book for us to read! The author makes it 
Still one of the best thrillers out there!. I m not necessarily a big fan of Ludlum s novels and most of them are nothing special, but he sure hit 
A Time To Be. As a fan of P.D. James mysteries, reading her fragment of autobiography served as an interesting chance to get to know the woman behind the words. 
Bullies are EVERWHERE!. I wish I had found Take the Bully by the Horns earlier. It would have helped me deal with a bully that I encountered in a most 
Alexandria: Opportunity Beckons--Become an Honorary Citizen. If your sentiments following reading of this work are closer to those expressed in the second Spotlighted review the reader who forces himself to 
Scattered, Reflective, Relevant. This is my 2nd Andrew Greeley book The Catholic Imagination was the first and I found this one highly meaningful for a few reasons. He tackles the 
Important Study of Fundamentalism. This book is extremely well researched and written. It not only retains its timeliness, but has become even more so with political developments around the world 
Difficult but impressive work. Jung explored alchemy as if it were a mystery novel--relishing every clue, interpreting nominally each symbol as it arose. His conclusion that it paralleled his psychological 
A great read!. FLYNN s books are a mixture of Tom Clancy and Matthew Reilly. There is political intrigue and interference; plenty of special forces action to whet anyone s 
One of Richard Peck s best!. REMEMBERING THE GOOD TIMES is one of Richard Peck s very best young adult novels and deserves to be read more. It is high 
A five-star book plus a five-star book plus a five-star book equals a fifteen-star book. Here are three amazing books, and one amazing saga, all together in one brimming volume 
Major contribution and still relevant after decades. Since its first publication in 1960, the strategy of Conflict is still relevant today. His concepts of strategic moves and random strategy can 
Born to RockS!. This was a really funny book. I like the twist at the end. I think that the VP was a real jerk. I cant believe some punk 
All I needed. For the first time, I ordered my school texts on-line to save money... I am so pleased with the results. Shipment was fast, product was perfect and 
Love this book. I read it over three times and want to read it again. Sidney Sheldon did a very good job on this book  
Any Imagineering Enthusiast Needs this Book. Anyone who has ever dreamed of being an imagineer needs this book. It has interesting construction photographs and artist renderings, however it doesn t 
Phooey on the 11 10 98 review... ...apart from Trojan Gold , this is the 2nd best Vicki Bliss book. My only gripe is that we see so little of 
Incredible. This is the ultimate book for anyone looking for the keys to sound work. The pictures in the book are so beautiful. It is a book that you will 
an excellent introduction to the subject of mythology. Written by one of the most prominent and eminent Egyptologists of the modern era, this book covers, amongst others, creation myths and 
How can we preserve local communities and economies?. Gary Hart has made a significant contribution to the national discussion on the nature of our political system and our aspirations as 
Gaiman story is worth the price. The Gaiman story in this collection is brilliant. There are other bright spots as well, particularly the contributions from Diana Paxson and Alan Dean 
Phenomenal. Regarded as a classic, exposing our relationship to language as analagous to Copernicus discovery of planets orbiting the sun. We are as unaware of the sheer importance of communicative 
Don t miss it. Valeries serious and lovingly book about her life as married to one of Hem s sons is also very well written. For all of us still 
Christmas with Southern Living 2001. A not-so-smart co-worker lent me this book after describing the Sweet Potato Hash Browns. She ll never get it back! Okay, I had to buy 
PHOTOGRAPHIC HISTORY THROUGH RARE RE-PRINTS. Another fine quality book, reprinted from the 1930 s and1940 s Editions. Photographer Heinrich Hoffmann takes thereader through Hitler s Germany in two volumes of 
Dee Bigger Dee Better. John Tyler Bonner is an Emeritus Professor of Biology at Princeton University. This present general consideration of the importance of size in overall evolutionary development comes 
The Best Oates Anthology Since 1994 s Where Are You Going, Where Have You Been. Coming in at almost 700 pages and featuring eleven new stories as well as two-dozen 
Be Prepared for an Eye Opener. Even a few years after it s release, Eric Schlosser s Fast Food Nation still sends a strong message to the reader and exposes 
Thank God for the animals!. This was an excellent read! I was laughing and crying at the same time. It will really touch your heart to read how this child 
I m speechless ..... WOW ....... BRAVO. Within the brotherhood, Rhage is the vampire with the strongest appetites. He s the best fighter, the quickest to act on his impulses, 
Repentant previous reviewer. This is indeed an excellent, full and fascinating biography with much new information about Equiano. I regret having given it only a single star previously because of 
Lords of the Realm not. How the individual owners in major league baseball on a continual basis constantly lose out to the MLB Players Union in the collective bargaining process. 
Excellent resource. This book was my primary study guide for the 70-298 exam. IT S BEEN SAID A MILLION TIMES BEFORE DO NOT RELY ON ONE STUDY GUIDE Although the 
Great Book!. This a great book. I have a 2 1 2 year old daughter and read this because I wanted to be prepared to give her good practical advise 
Uh. Honestly, and I know many will have problems with this sort of thinking, most of the reviewers on this page are obviously just too stupid to understand this novel 
Nature s child. According to the blurb on the book jacket, this fifth book in the Landry series is actually the prequel, and in fact, I m reading it at 
Amazing. Father Thibs is a teacher at my school. He is an amazing man who is truely devoted to God. This book reflects that devotion and shows people how to 
On Dialoque. The book titled On Dialogue , by David Bohm,is an important read for anyone who has the interest to learn and understand the many causes affecting humankind. First, 
Highly recommended. I found this book to be highly entertaining and thought provoking. The author has clearly spent many hours researching and thinking about his subject and this is reflected 
The Truth About Garden Remedies. Finally, the book I ve been waiting for! I m an avid gardner and a curious person. I am always looking for remedies for the 
Gifts for Sabbath. Wonderful recent poems. Some of the poems seem ambiguous, which add to their power. In The Rejected Husband it doesn t matter if he is talking about 
Lost In Delusion. As striking as the level of delusion and omnipotence present in President Bush and Vice President Cheney; and regardless of where one stands in relation to should 
Simply presented, medically correct, fun for preschoolers. A wonderfully illustrated explanation of how our bodies work, presented in kid-friendly language that is comprehensible and appealing to preschoolers. Simple yet medically 
Superb critique of how Idealism confuses scientists. What are you, a ghost in a machine or a living human being? In this excellent book, the authors, a neuroscientist and a 
Austen at her best. I really enjoyed this book. It took me a while to read it, about 2 months, because it s definitely not fast paced. I was glad 
~BMG~. The book Bull Run has eight southern characters and eight Northern characters. Yes the conflict engaged me a lot in this story because there was a lot of commotion 
New Criteria for the Church s Ministry. Many sociologists and a growing number of church scholars have noted that we live in a time of transition--from the modern era to 
I bought this book for my daughter, then. I bought this book for my daughter, since she came home from school suddenly interested in writing poetry and I found it 
The best I ve seen on this subject. Granted, there are not a great many books on this subject, but this is definitely the one to read. It gives great 
Small Tome Bursting With Relevant & Useful Info. Great book for the DIY advertiser.Mike focuses on headlines but covers all the main points of creating an ad that works!And he 
Excellent Resource. This book has been an excellent resource in my learning of the Straight Lead. It is very well written and obviously well planned and researched. The details on 
Something for everyone... and then something MORE. I ve had this book since the early 80s, and I return to it whenever I need a shot of inspiration to get 
This book puts asthma in its proper perspective!. Breathe Right Now! is right to the point. Dr.Smolley puts asthma in its proper perspective and provides a fine analysis of what 
The Lives of the Great Composers. Excellent reading. Have learned not only about the musical aspects of each composers works, but gained an insight into the minds of musical genius. 
THIS BOOK HELPED ME SO MUCH!!. I REALIZE THAT NO BOOK IS A MIRACLE WORKER FOR THE CURE OF DEPRESSION. I WAS GOING THROUGH A HORRIBLE TIME WITH DEPRESSION. I 
YUMMY VAMPIRES!!!!. THIS IS A GREAT VAMP. READ, PLUS IT HAS ROMANCE ,DANGER AND LUST ALL MIXED INTO ONE.... SHANNON DRAKE IS WONDERFULL....  
slow but good. I just finished another Anne Tyler book that was written earlier in her career. Once again I feel like I ve lived with another group of people 
A great overview. This is a great overview of evolutionary thought and history. The chapters are some of his past works improved upon. He explains why there has been such 
Great follow up to The Red Hat Club!. I love this book - such a great novel detailing the friendship and bonds of a group of women over the years. 
Decent read. The book is sort of slow to start with, but it picks up in time. A lot of it is predictable, but by the end of the book 
Nice book if you like mathematics. I am using this book for a course on the Dutch Open University. As I am aleady graduated on Operations Research, it is really 
Epic. Masterpiece. Classic!. Yesterday at 1:00 in the morning I finished The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas who also wrote The Three Musketeers, and I have to say 
Another great Rhyme book from Deaver. No spoilers.I ll start off by saying that with every Deaver book I read I become more and more of a fan. I randomly 
Outstanding Business Ethics Resource. I have long thought other books focused too much on philosophy or large scale ethics problems at corporations. This book gives everyone advice and practical tools 
THE GOLD STANDARD!. With the growth of MacOS X and programmers looking how to take better advantage of the UNIX Darwin Mach underpinnings of the system, there is a great 
I just love Milo. This one starts off kind of dry - lots of technical psychobabble, but itis interesting - in an arid kind of way. Alex is called in 
Designing wit Type: A Basic Course in Typography. The book is in excellent shape and the seller was prompt with shipmen  
Great!. This book by John Eldredge is wonderful. It was recommended to me and now I m recommending it to others. The four streams he touches on one doesn t 
Great. The book came in in great condition- brand new. It was also on time  
Five stars, five sighs. Louis Catron shows readers all too much of what many would call an all too familiar, forgettable life. However. He raises the bar on typical short 
A Must-Read for Anyone Who Enjoys the Unexpected. When you re wounded and left on Afghanistan s plains,And the women come out to cut up what remains,Jest roll to your 
Megan s review on No Space, No choice, No jobs, No Logo, by Naomi Klein. This was a fantastic book and was fairly different from any other book I have 
Dreamscapes Review. I have been wanting to try Andre Gallant s method of creating dreamy photographs. His book clearly demonstrates how he does it...and I have tried it with good 
Hard Truths - Harder Solutions. This book is a bone-chilling wake-up call. The author quite convincingly demonstrates the Nazi Germany analogy in regards to radical Muslims and the threat that 
Great book!. I love this author and this series. The characters are strong and all very believable. What can I say? I am a huge fan!!  
Pretty damned good. This book isn t like american psycho, much closer to less than zero. takes a look at los angeles life, and the overwhelming shallowness of it. The 
A Laugh, a Guide and a Result to be proud of... After 10 years, I bought the book. I visited the exhibition of the paintings in Rotterdam Netherlands back in 
Freedom, equality, fraternity, or death!. A Tale of Two Cities is a story about a family and friends dealing with the events of the French revolution. It spans from 1775 
More relevant today than ever. Reading Tuchman these days, she seems eerily prophetic. The War in Iraq is classic folly--the pursuit of policy contrary to a nation s self-interest. The 
THE ASSISTANT ENDURES. As an author with my debut novel in its initial release, I hope my work endures as well as the work of Bernard Malamud. THE ASSISTANT is 
A terrific book. This is a terrific book! Just as Howard Aldrich was the first to present an ecological framing for the field, this is the first comprehensive work to 
If you live in the north you have to have this book!. The most valuable part of this book is the section that rates each rose. It gives a 1-5 
DONT TELL - WRONG!. Be prepared to sit on the edge of your seat through this entire book! To answer another reviewer s question: Yes, there are men out there 
History does not repeat itself. The authors central point is that the events leading to the war in the Pacific 1937-1945 are contemporary to the early 90s repeating themselves, and 
The How and Tao of Old Time Banjo. This book starts out simply, goes on with advice, help, and alot of songs to try. It then continues with more advanced 
 Did you ever have to make up your mind?...... Say yes to one and let the other one ride? Did you ever have to finally decide? BETWEEN PLANETS 1951 
Downers Grove South s Resaon for Sleepy Students. YO YO YO! Whats up DGS! Shout outs to those is Mr. Mays ADV US class 3rd period. Yeah, this book is 
Very Educational. Well to start off,I have had this book for years since it first published,and I still use it till today.Basically this book is not exactly for the absolute 
An incredible book about a neglected part of American history... This ranks as one of the best books I ve ever read... The Worst Hard Time: The Untold Story of 
Memorable Book!. Even though Glasser didn t witness the combat in Vietnam, he saw its tragic destruction. His stories are haunting and memorable. This is a poignant, thought-provoking, and beautifully 
Not what I was expecting. I was so pleasantly surprised when our copy of Polar Bear, Polar Bear arrived, I immediately read it to my 2 and a half year 
A true classic, Wells gives us a mad scientist thriller. I read this book about a year ago, and very much enjoyed it. I like Well s writing style, and 
Captivating Read About What Men Want From Women, and Why. Genevieve is a fascinating novel about men, women and relationships that addresses differences between what many men say they want 
Including interactive online 3D storyboards. Now in an updated second edition, Film Directing Cinematic Motion is an extensive how-to manual especially for aspiring and practicing directors to fine-tuning the art 
clear writing about a complex subject. Alberto fills his pages with adventures and new possibilities. I ve dabbledbefore, reading extensively about different kinds of Eastern philosophy and spirituality. But this 
Brilliant Referance piece. Integrative Theology is one of the better theological resources because it doesn t just focus on one aspect. Most Theology books look at a system, a few 
An Uncharacteristic Gem by a Literary Giant. This novel tells a familiar tale: old-fashioned man enters a tangled web of wealthy British fashionable types, makes a proposal, and the web 
Gandhian Politics. Gandhi explains in Hind Swaraj some of his fundamental ideas on how to obtain Home Rule in India. One aspect of Indian society Gandhi criticizes is the relationship 
Basic advice helps capture your memories beautifully. I originally bought this when my first child was born, 3 years ago. The chapters were short, easy to understand and left me 
The most usable book on the subject. I have studied the subject at postgraduate level and read several books on this topic but this one is the handiest and the 
Mirror game. One of her shortest novels, A severed head is one of Murdoch s most playful books. It also has the moral weight of the others. What she relates 
Great Illustrations. This book has great illustration for wood framing. Recommend it: however, it would be nice to have a CD on all the drawings illustrated in the book.  
Good Solid Engineering, THE Hydronics Reference Manual. I am a special projects manager for a major tankless water heater company. I bought this book to further my knowledge of hydronic 
Wonderfully informative!. This book is filled to the rim with information on how to store food, prepare food properly, and how to choose the best types of foods and products 
Midnight in death. It was really good, it gives you an idea of what the other J.D.Robb books are like if you have never read one before,this one is very 
Highly Recommended!. In The Divine Right of Capital, Marjorie Kelly has written a thoughtful, somewhat revolutionary book questioning the basic paradigm of corporate capital: maximizing shareholders earnings. She compares stockholders 
Must-have book for anyone shopping for a wedding gown!. Get great information on most bridal manufacturers as well as great ways to save money, such as Discount Bridal Service. I 
Elegant, wise, and humorously self-effacing. I should first confess my bias--I have often been tickled and sometimes awed by Mortimer s way with English prose for 20 years. So, in 
Great for a Christmas grab bag gift. One of the surgeon s I work for recommended this book so I bought several for grab bag gifts for Christmas.It is a 
Beautifully Done. This insightful first novel by Jordanian-American author Laila Halaby shows that the influences that shape the lives of many Arab women are the same ones that affect their 
wise lessons from a confident pig. The message of this self-esteem building book is above my 2 years olds comprehension right now, but the illustrations of this confident pig s 
CAPTIVATING A WOMAN`S SOUL !. THIS BOOK AND JOURNAL IS THE SINGLE MOST IMPORTANT THING A WOMAN CAN DO ON THIS EARTH...........IT`S THAT GOOD  
A must have. To Make a New Race is a must have book for all literary scholars and those interested in African American history. I received it this morning and 
Much Better than the Movie. Nasser s attention to detail in Nash s work and his illness brings a more life-like face to his struggle with genius and schizophrenia. The 
This is a great campfire book that really makes you think. &quot;The Song of Hiawatha&quot; is the best book I have ever beenexposed to. Every time I hear the wonderful 
not worth buying. its a decent read. most of the time the author makes you feel like you are 14 and he is addressing your 8th grade graduation ceremony.he has 
O Neil Does It Again!. This is one of my desert island books on investing. Once again, O Neil treats readers to a dose of stock market reality and a 
Beautiful!!. Without a doubt this book flowed easily and couldn t put it down. I haven t read Durable Goods and this is the first book by this author for 
Lush, decadent and grotesque with great writing . Gwynn and Raule have a price on their heads for their part in a failed rebellion. When they escape and end up 
Quick, Fun, Hot Read. I just found out I am pregnant, so I thought the topic of this book came along at a good time. Mandy has just found out 
 Find your innocence... And never lose it again!!!. There were times as I was reading this book that I cringed and thought to myself How could she be so 
Everyone should buy this book!. This was a wonderful book about the way a family pulls together to save the trees! I cried when I read it! You are crazy 
Meet Jesus, God as He Really Is. I must admit I was surprised by how many people gave this book bad reviews. This book offers a biblical account of the 
Confusion is the only certainty for O Brien. Rather late in Tim O Brien s Going After Cacciato we read, These were hard lessons, true, but they were lessons of 
good starting point. Overall this is a good book to get started in land development buy I wish there were more actual examples taking you through all different problems and 
Biased in favor, but knowing. I think it s great that people are writing in about my husband s book. However, I d like to know how the reader from 
Can you believe people are still disbelieving after 40 years!?. It certainly doesn t take a rocket scientist to understand that whatever inputs we put into a system Earth, humans, 
Return of the Nazgul, a rock n roll story. Certainly not one of George R. R. Martin s better works, The Armageddon Rag still holds it charms for those of 
The more difficult choice is usually the right choice. It is encouraging to see that as I ve grown up, comic books have grown up with me. When I was 
Wow. Why is it so hard for us to give this man the credit he deserves? We ve seen the movies and read the books. And yet, every time I 
The twenty-first century will knock the wind out of you... After reading this book, it could be said with fairness that the author has written it for the reader with 
refreshing. really interesting read. rainey has a way of making something seem very fresh. his plots always seem original, even when they are not. great stories. great descriptions at times. 
So this is what all the fuss is about... Before reading THE STAND I d only read a few novellas and the full length novel GERALD S GAME by Stephen 
5 Good Stories on Audio CD. Included in this CD collection are 5 unabridged tales. The book edition of Everything s Eventual include 14 stories, so if you are a 
Better than I expected... When I first saw this book I wasn t going to buy it. Too many of these survival books just rehash the same info just to 
Dalgliesh Echoes beyond His Reach. Baroness James deserves great credit for coming up with this most unusual and interesting novel. Her detective, private investigator Cordelia Grey, is a landmark in 
Good information, very dry writing. This is a book contains loads of great information. It is a great intro to the origins of country music. However, the amount of information 
From a budding film composer. I am a physician surgeon by current profession. But my hand to God, I have been preparing my whole adult life for my second career 
A fascinating read...easy to read and very very interesting. I m an old house owner and writer! who was searching for answers to the curiosities of old house living, 100 
True to life, and that s a shame. This entire book is a stream-of-conscious reminiscence of a 39-year-old Dublin widow. Nobody else speaks, except through her memory. It is a 
TOC and Lean: The Dynamic Duo. Lean is an excelent framework for reducing eliminating waste muda , in Japanese . But where do we start? Of course both TOC and 
Honest History. This book tells us the truth that has been hidden from most U.S. citizens for so many years. Each chapter tells about a different regime change given us 
An Extraordinary Work. As proud as I am to be an American, this thoroughly documented, utterly revealing book, has for the first time made me look at the extents to 
Delightful and ultimately touching. Having found American Gods disjointed and too dark, I d avoided Anansi Boys until recently hearing that it is more in the vein of Neverwhere. Indeed, 
Going for the Red green, yellow and orange !. At last! Not a &quot;diet&quot; book offering tricky schemes and cagey food manipulations but a nutritional lifestyle program based on scientific 
godlike. The funniest, sweetest, truest book ever written. Political Economy and Science vs. Luck are very short and howling funny. The Diaries of Adam and Eve will make you laugh 
Not Your Average Desperate Cop. i found this book on my bookshelf and read the back with prejudge disinterest. half the books i own, and there s a lot, were 
Alternate Saga of World War II in the Pacific continues. This book is an excellent sequel to the first book in the series, Days of Infamy . It tells the 
Easy Reading. 101 Feng Shui Tips for the Home is a very nice, user friendly &amp; informative book on Feng-Shui. Helpful to both the beginner and intermediate Feng-Shui practitioner  
Mooning over Paris. If you are lucky enough to have lived in Paris as a young man, Hemingway wrote, then wherever you go for the rest of your life, it 
A wonderful read... Light is an absolutely amazing book. I was truly inspired by the stark beauty and profound depth of Harrison s writing. Light ignites with soft bombs that 
The future of christianity. Fundementalists beware, your world may be shaken when you read this intelligent book. Borg is a great scholar and theologian. he has a nice touch and 
This Business of Marketing & Promotion. I did receive This Business of Marketing & Promotion book okay, but this is a duplicate copy. So now I have 2 books underthis 
New ideas in modern bungalow design... This book focuses largely on the updating of bungalows through renovation and even new construction , rather than restoration. While it s not as 
Shaman s Crossing. I can hardly wait to read the rest of this trilogy! Her world is so real I can almost smell the woods, the river, the school. Who 
An easy epic to read. The main thing that makes Steinbeck great to read is that he s actually wise, he has genuine insights to impart to his readers. In 
Corrupting Everything In Its Grasp. Reading this book is not a pleasant experience -- it has more to offer than mere pleasure. It grips you like a vise while you 
The tuning bible for SQL Server 2000!. As both a professional database consultant and DBA, I must agree that this is hands down the best overall tuning book for SQL 
The Bible of human development. GET THIS BOOK AND READ IT!! Read it more than once. Read it and re-read it at least once every year... if not more often. 
Always make sure you re stranded with a hot guy.... That s my new motto. This was a good book. I would like to take the time to complain about 
Go-To Book for Anyone Who Writes. This is one of the finest books there is on writing. Clear, concise, and easy to read -- this is not your typical English 
A great book. This book is essential to anyone who wants to know all the steps that lead to the criation of the Jewish State and its following development.At the 
Fools Crow: Wisdom &amp; Power. An amazing book, by one of the most renowned Holy Men in the Native American Community. &quot;Fools Crow: Wisdom and Power&quot; is bursting with knowledge 
A true American gothic!. I am quite a big fan of classic gothic love stories. Jane Eyre is one of my all-time favorite gothic romances, which is why I cannot 
No work of the devil, this... Was this the face that launched a thousand ships... There are so many great lines in this play! The greatness of Marlowe was recognised 
Previous reviewer missed the point entirely. This book is not about the scientific accuracy of Sagan s predictions and musings. If Sagan wanted to be purely scientific, this book wouldn 
The Masonic Foundation of America. There is a lot of information in this book of 178 pages.The first thing I am going to do now that I have read Greg 
Dented, dog-eared, and torn. I m obsessed with reading. I read all the time and I love it. Therefore I have read a lot of books and whenever I am 
another great treatment from Romm. Romm really does a great job of logically building his case. He provides references on both sides of arguments prior to drawing conclusions. This book 
An excellent reference for every pet guardian. Having been in cat rescue for over 25 years, I have been in a position to have experience with nearly every medical condition 
the very best. Carol Berg, in my humble opinion, is the very best living writer of dependable fantasy...i.e. nothing that offends my sensibilities, but transports me to a place I 
The strongest entry in the series to date. Arthur Bryant and John May are two of detective fiction s most unique anachronisms. The de facto heads of the London Police 
Addicted to Trollope. DOCTOR THORNE is the third installment of Anthony Trollope s Barchester Cycle, preceded by THE WARDEN ISBN#0140432140 and BARCHESTER TOWERS ISBN#0192834320 . You don t have to 
Clinical Cardiac Pacing and Defibrillation. This book, Contains all the main topic in pacing and ICD. included all the main studis in this area. Until this book it was very 
Poems & Drawings of Shel Silverstein. I first found Silverstein in Playboy Magazine over 40 years ago, and have been a fan of his ever since. I love the quirky 
Truly this was..a last frontier,follow THE! pioneer.... He has to be ranked as foremost deep-sea researcher- Curious &amp; profound addendum: Further readings starts page 315--&amp; goes to 374. Superb photo 
Insightful, Logical. Well Written. An exceedingly well crafted and cogent volume, Norberg supplies a collection of essays that each discuss in researched detail the benefits and costs of a freemarket 
Recommend it. This book feature high quality photos and interesting text. It also covers impressionism outside of France  
I just can t stop saying nice things about this book. Years ago, I was in love with Jane Austen. Now, I love Gogol. I ll say it. He makes 
Good book, but not great. Most of the reviews of this book seem to be reviews of Newton, not the book. To be sure, Newton is one of the most 
Beauty and the beasts. I first saw this outstanding volume in the bookstore of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. Now it is on my shelves or by my 
Thought, Causality And The Law Of Attraction ~ A True Story. True Story: One Saturday afternoon quite a few years ago I decided to drive into Hollywood to visit my 
This Book Could Save Your Life. I thought I had kept up with most of the major trends of discovery in the biological sciences. But this book explains research findings 
Lifesaver Book. In the late 70s, an earlier version of this book changed my two-year old daughters life forever. I believe that then the title phrase was hypoactive instead of 
This cook book is awesome. I agree, if you own just one cookbook, this is the one. It has the best recipe ever for Potroast and cranberry bread. I m 
Research book. This is a must have for students. I have really used this in my English classes  
Learn from the past & avoid being swept-away by E-commerce 2. Although tempered by the DotCom bust, information technology is still very real and continues to shake up industry after 
You Will See Yourself and Your Spouse in this Book. Once upon a time Martians and Venusians met, fell in love, and had happy relationships together because they respected and 
Superb account of how the EU damages Britain. This extremely useful book examines Britain s relationship with the European Union. In particular, the author studies the Constitution for Europe, a 
Heart Breaking. I absolutely adore this book! I read it in about four days because I just couldn t put it down!I recommend this book to anyone that would go 
Great Rainy Day Read. This book is a very quick read. Although it get predictable towards the end, you can not help but enjoy this page turner. Not only is 
IBM and Lou Gerstner - Great book, interesting, fun!. This book provides a current and interesting story about Lou and IBM. I enjoyed this book very much, and highly recommend 
This is a Top-Notch book, the second best I ve ever read!!. For those of us that are interested in history -- for those of us that are wanting to 
Young Man Rising... It isn t easy to write from the heart, but Apolo Ohno has never avoided the hard choices. If it is presumptuous to write an autobiography at 
When things go wrong.... Tragic is the key word in this title -- needless might have been another. A good example of how experienced people can make horrible decisions, the 
Another good installment from Mrs. Albert. China gets involved with a serious issue and a murder. This is a good installment from Susan Whitig Albert. Several secondary characters make an 
Great Book. These personal essays are a delight to read. Quammen takes some serious scientific information and then filters it through his humorous perspective and draws some interesting conclusions. All 
Awesome Book!!!!!!!!!!. True Colors is a true way to learn how to communicate and learn how to deal with other people. Being the Blue personality that I am, I have 
On the origins of the Enlightenment. I m going to break with the consensus and state upfront that I was not overly impressed with Rousseau s Discourse on the Origin 
From Cook to Chef to Brand. The US of Arugula closely follows the trajectory of our appreciation for fine food and its makers over the last 50 years. The author 
THE OTHER SIDE OF LITERATURE. THE OTHER SIDE OF MIDNIGHT is silly, insipid and over the top. A mess of a book. But an enjoyable mess. So much so it 
Fiction, but non fiction. As a long time Civil War buff I found this book utterly fascinating. It takes the true story of General Sherman and his march to the 
A brilliant man brilliantly described...too bad the journalism has a gaping hole. I really wish I could give this book 5 stars. The subject matter is fascinating, the science writing 
Stimulating Read. A side of Michael J. Fox rarely seen. An inspiring story of how someone can rise above their difficulties and turn it into a gift to help others 
For the want of a nail ... This book explains manu critical issues in very good detail. It confirmed for me many of by beliefs to be factual rather than 
great read.. it was a page turner for me. if you enjoy works about wartime love and bravery this book is recommended. simple to read, and has a great love 
Gore Vidal..Just About the Best!. Though definitely far from perfect, Mr. Vidal s wry comments, and sharp eye for nitwits and blather, always make for entertaining, and thought provoking reading! 
Foundational Reading. This book was shared with me by a college girlfriend who was taking a graduate Biology of the Brain course at the University of Iowa. I confess that 
Socially conscious business survived huge corporate growth. This is the Tom s of Maine Tom Chappell. His story picks up after Tom s has become just another profit seeking business 
Tom Wolfe Knows. I discovered Epictetus following a library checkout of a book on tape by Tom Wolfe titled A Man in Full 1998 - a story about two men 
Where is the Director s Cut?. With the help of the book I found out that there are many scenes taht have been cut out. This is very sad. I 
Incredibly useful book. This book is terrific. It has helped me go from a novice user of Access, to a very proficient user. It has everything you need to know 
Keep this reference by your side to help your data tell its story. I think anyone who solves serious problems by analyzing data will want to own a copy of 
A Helpful Learning Tool. As a first year law student, I found this book to be a valuable companion to class lectures and other homework assignments, providing clarification, elaboration and 
Great Reference book. I use this book to complement my Disciple Bible Study Class. It is a great reference book and provides more information on the scripture I m studying. 
Where Golf is Great: Make your Step-day happy. I bought this book as a Christmas present for my step-day. He loves to golf and has been wanting to explore Scotland 
Best thus far. This is my favorite of the series thus far. Without wanting to give too much away, this is the book in which you finally learn just exactly 
You mean Revere had more than one ride?. What a joy it was to read this book, and another of Fischer s books; Washington s Crossing. Written in narrative storytelling 
Isozaki, Libeskind, Rossi &amp; Johnson Build in 1997. The second in the series of Bauwelt Berlin Annuals. This book contains the building events which shaped 1997 in Berlin. I use 
Excuse Me, Your Life is Waiting. This book will change your life. There are self-help books and there are positive thinking books and then there is this book. I ve 
BRAVO!!. Bravo!This book is an enjoyment to read. From cover to cover, it kept me laughing.However, I would say that this book is more about a spoiled child growing up 
More Layers to the Rose that is Roland. Wizard and Glass begins with the ka-tet out-stupiding Blaine and ending up in some kind of alternate Topeka, Kansas where a plague 
The Only Book You ll Need For Your ADD Teenager. This book is the best resource for both parents and teachers. I have used alot of this book for help 
Interesting angle on management. This book is a must for anyone considering a serious career in Business or Management. It provides insight on what to look for in groups and 
Best Cosmology. The first time I bought the next addition of any book. It explaines gravity and that makes it far better then any other book on this subject  
Required reading for a rational view of modern Europe. In 2001, 300 billion market-cap Connecticut-based General Electric was moving toward closing a 42 billion deal to acquire New Jersey-based Honeywell. 
The Other Bible. First of all, you must have a very strong faith to begin reading any book that claims to include lost or missed scriptures or Biblical histories. The 
Exciting, steamy, hard-to-put-down!. I loved the twisting plots! Taking Cat s ordinary life with her husband, Patrick, and making it life-and-death struggle with the monarchy puts me on the edge 
Urgent & Brilliant. Franz Wright is a stunning poet who communicates how hard it is to live one single life and who is filled to the brim with raw emotion 
A gem!. Having written articles and fairly long reports, at gunpoint, this was just what I needed to really improve my writing and make it enjoyableinstead of a chore!It is 
Hilarious!. This was one of my favorite books growing up. The rhymes are particularly appealing for young readers. I can still recite certain lines: I am leaving! shouted Nora, And 
Wealth Comes From Within. What these two titans of money have to teach is something everyone can take in and benefit from -- regardless of your age, race, education, or 
Thought provoking. It seems almost inevitable that associated with every fact is a level of fiction. So rather than argue the facts or regurgitate them, let us instead argue their 
Ground Breaking Research; Vital Information. This is a book that can be life changing. It s extremely solid, clearly written, for the lay person, and fully documented, and it concerns 
Cookies and Cakes and Sweets, Oh My... I can t say enough good things about this particular cookbook. I bought one for each family at Christmas and included different flavored 
Read the book - Much better than the movie!. Maybe one shouldn t compare the movie and book versions of a story. But sometimes that s inevetibable. And sometimes the 
Dream Keeper. There are some problems for a kid growing up in New York, especially for David! The Dream Bearer has received many reviews including ALA booklist and School Library 
The Beast in Ms. Rooney s Room. I thought this book was excellent because in the end Beast did his best! In the beginning, Beast was not paying attention. Beast 
Everything is Illuminated, indeed. This book was a bit difficult to get into at first because it is written from the viewpoint of 1 a Ukranian who is a novice 
O.k, but not as good as the first. LaVaughn is a 15 year old girl. Her mother insists that she make it to college. Not the easiest thing to do 
Airline Pilot Technical Interviews. Very helpful review of the basic technical and mental math type questions found in most interviews. A very quick read and a MUST for anyone preparing 
Explosive. Every paragraph in this book is a bombshell revelation, written with passion and scholarly authority. It is a wellspring of inspiration and history for women -- history we have 
It`s fun. What I like about the book is that It`s fun to read it in your house. Maybe if you read it You`ll like it or love it  
A rousing epic of the Old West. At the center of this epic, multi-voiced novel of the American and Canadian West is a lost Englishman and the motley crew that 
Really just fantasic!. When I first saw this book in the bookstore, I debated about getting it for about a month. The moment I bought, I regretted it. This book 
This book truly changed my personal &amp; professional life. WOW! Betsy Sanders truly inspired me to delve deep into myself and fill page after page of ideas for customer service 
No. 1 in the Witch World series is still No. 1 with me!. Have you ever read a book as a young person, found it fascinating, and then re-read it 
Awesome. I loved the twist endings, some were funny, some insighrful, others a little boring, but the overall effect was good. Great writing style, and interesting enough plots for short 
A masterpiece of a novel. It really is. I have read, I d guess, 250-300 novels by contemporary writers since I read a glowing review of FAT CITY in a 
The Conscience of a Conservative. You have to be around my age i.e., older than dirt to remember Barry Goldwater, a right-wing Republican from Arizona who wrote a book with 
hysterical!!!. I honestly cannot remember how many times i laughed out loud while reading this book. A must-read  
Evoked strong feelings... What gorgeous language this author used ! There are lots of descriptions in this novel, and while at times they seem like they slow the story down 
The Face on The Milk Carton. The book I chose to read was The Face on the Milk Carton by Caroline Cooney. This entertaining novel is a mystery suspense book, 
HAVE SOME FUN IN YOUR KITCHEN!. Jamie Oliver s approach to cooking has reminded me that mealtimes shouldn t be stressful, but rather they should be opportunities to get together 
A thrilling thriller... I picked this novel up a couple of weeks back at the local Borders without knowing what type kind of thriller this would turn out to be, 
A great McGee novel. This was a very good addition to the Travis McGee series. A quick read, but very rewarding. Nobody can write so well about the seedy underbelly 
An Excellent Guide for Retail Banking Marketers Entering Lending Business. In market place, there are few books that are easy to understand but comprehensive to cover all respective area of 
Drug Guides vs Drug Guides!. I got this book when I started nursing school in 2003. This year Fall 2005 as a senior, I wanted to get an updated drug 
short but decent novel. This is a very good novel. The story moves right along and is well written. The main character Mason is well written and you actually care 
Don t go without it. If you travel to the Napa Valley without this book, you will commit the unpardonable vacation crime of being uninformed about the must-see, must-taste nooks 
Bundle with Party Italy. Wow, what a blast I had. I found some cool off the beaten path things to do with Rick Steves and then turned to my Party 
Great basic SciFi. This is a great collection of basic Heinlein SciFi. The title story is about basic jealousy surrounded by miscommunication and the physics of living on the moon. 
For reader s who appreciate novels of manners. ...such as those by Barbara Pym. This book will be dull for anyone who wants a strong narrative line and action . 
Powerful glory of the common man. We read THE POWER AND THE GLORY by Graham Greene aloud, and it is the ninth book by Greene I have read.It s not 
The perfect book for London. I read Mrs Dalloway the first time for a class a couple of years ago and fell in love with it on the first page. 
Could NOT Put This Down. I don t usually write a review of a books I ve read because so many others have already but since there are only a 
A Surprising Jesus. Jesus: A Meditation on His Stories and his Relationships with Womenby Rev. Andrew GreeleyNew York: Tom Doherty Associates, 2007 We must begin a search for understanding some 
Finally an eBay Book that is Actually Useful!!!!. Lets face it...most of those helpful eBay books are meant to make money for the author...nothing more. This book is an amazing 
Honour The Knight. This is actually a proper book, not a money grab replete with pictures and a few snatches of dialougue here and there.It is the full screen play 
Real men don t breast feed. While pregnant, I saw this book and knew my husband would enjoy it. He s not your average guy This author covers just about 
A Superb Book. This book definitely lives up to its billing. It tells the harrowing story of the Mau Mau rebellion in Kenya during the 1950s. The writing is superb. 
Wonderful, as Always. Sacher has previously written on such subjects as Zionism, the Jews in Europe between the wars and Jews in the Diaspora. Now he applies his wonderful talents 
a little fanciful. This book, although entertaining, reminds me a little bit of a fairy tale read. It is more like Timothy Treadwell and the Three Bears, where Comet Bear 
The Best Kosher Cookbook You ll Ever Need. Terrific traditional and contemporary cooking, with a lighter California twist. THIS IS THE BEST KOSHER COOKBOOK -- MAYBE THE BEST COOKBOOK OF 
Great book, know your history to avoid future mistakes. This is a great book! A read it about a year ago and plan to re-read it all over again. Excellent 
Funny, something else. Stick with the story to the end, and you will find that it is not only a comic novel, but something else, too  
Tips not techniques.. but this are the tips the techniques do not teach us. My profile Sales Engineer 42 yo-First I want to state that it is my belief that 
A VERY USEFUL BOOK. NOT MUCH TO NOT LIKE ABOUT THIS ONE!. I enjoyed this work from the moment I opened it. This book is not only pretty, it is 
Simple Values = Stronger Community & Nation. I can t tell you how nice it is to read a book that is simple and to the point. Having been involved 
Excellent beginner s guide to the world of herbal medicine. This book is written in a humorous, easy to understand and concise format. It is an great way for someone 
The best herb book i ve ever read. This is the best, bar none. It goes into detail with each herb, telling us the energetics of the herbs, in terms 
Best dog book there is!. This book is one of those books that you wanna read over and over again! It is soooo touching, funny, and... well it s just 
A great 3-4 grade book. I think that a book like this should be read by a sagacious [..]. The protagonist s name is henry huggins. He is in [...]and 
Amazing Story of Survival!. You will not be able to put this book down! I learned so much about sailing from reading this book and the other reviews make it 
Beautiful Book. This is a beautiful little book that would make a great addition to any ocean lover s collection  
Mankind s continuous fight with the microbial world. Wow, talk about a depressing book.The Great Plague is not the story of the Twentieth Century flu epidemic, or about the Black 
I liked this book a lot. Very informative with good guidance. This was my choice for the book to teach me about real estate appraisals. Before my husband and I 
4.5 stars. Again... early King is the best King. This book is so good you ll read it back to back  
Exceptional cookbook for novices and beyond!. I am a novice who was given this book as a gift. I have to say, this book is perfect for beginners like me, 
More Mature Sisters. Overall this story of the four friends of the traveling pants was a satisfying and exciting end to this series. The growth of these characters from the 
Awesome Book, Bought by Mistake. I thought it was going to be about some kind of arctic triathalon. It was soooo much more. Paulsen s prose is earthy and engaging. 
I Played On This Team. I am a member of the 1966 Alabama football team.I strongly recommend reading this book. The author is to be commended for his accurate account 
sweet. I liked Johan, he was funny.But it was terrible what Germans did to the Jews!!!!!! I think that Johanna told the true story well.I could really picture waht was 
Recently read, and very enjoyable. I recently read all the stories in this book over a period of a week. They are arranged in a nice, thematic way, so that 
A book that has changed me to the better. Thanks to Daniel Goleman, this book was a remarkable mark in my personal life. it has helped me alot.After reading it, 
EXTRAORDINARY WORK. Stephen Pinker s revolutionary work and the resultant writings stand at the precipice of a new era of understanding into the marvels of being human and what it 
Great Book!. Incident At Hawks Hill is a great book! It may start out a little on the slow side but once you get into the story, it s great! 
Chicken Soup for the Gardener s Soul. A MUST read for gardeners and non-gardeners alike! This has been my absolute favorite of all the Chicken Soup books so far. I 
Intimate portrait of the Renaissance. There are few books about the renaissance that are as entertaining and rewarding as this autobiography of Benvenuto Cellini, one of the most celebrated glodsmiths 
An Interesting Mix of Reviews ...... but what s cool about that?. The skeptic is typically one of the better Students in any of Davids classes!Psychic Warrior will not make 
It Will Change Your Reality. If this book was fiction I would call it one of the most imaginative books I have ever read, but it s real. It is 
Not for dog lovers only. James Herriot s Dog Stories is written by a man who loves both people and animals. The descriptions of people, dogs, and his humble view 
Sing like a lark - we all need a Hero!. Ah! Taming of the Shrew?Not quite, but close enough.Damaris, lovely name last seen shrieking & threating in the original book 
Wonderful!. I bought this for the purpose of learning some new dye techniques and fell in love with the sock patterns at the same time! This book is fantastic and 
Two sides of one special girl. My mother bought this book for me since I was a very shy and reserved child. She is a teacher and wanted to help 
How Companies Succeed by Collins and Porras. The book separates core values from the operating practices ofcompanies. Ultimately, the core value system is the determinantof success. It is the driver 
Must read fun. I carried this book everywhere one summer in the 80s, reading it repeatedly. After having been introduced to Robbins through Still Life with Woodpecker, I read his 
Excellent book for anyone going into the ministry field. If you are interested in diving into the true Biblical research of the New Testament, and to get a great view 
Cutting the Fat From The Bone. Over the past several years there has been an outpouring of titles dealing with the topic of effective marketing techniques that has spawned a 
Solid Survey. Eckert has provided a solid survey history of the peninsula that stands as a reliable introduction to the politics and culture of Korea in a single volume. As 
Like Reading Throug Red Tape. Hernando De Soto s The Other Path is a much drier read than its follow up The Mystery of Capital. I m glad I read 
This book has been dramatically improved in the 7th edition. The book takes the reader progressively from the most simple concepts to the complexities of logistics. It is true that 
Diary of an Old Soul. Arrived before I could blink, in perfect wrap and condition  
A must for any Black person wanting to go to Africa. This book is amazing and is probably the first of its kind. It combines history, genealogy and psychology with 
Max Tivoli. A heartbreaking story of a man who is born old and ages backwards. He falls in love with a girl and has different interactions and moments with her 
John Andrews is the best. The notes that John Andrews gives on all the Everyman Shakespeare editions that he edits are fabulous. I think his editions are the most user 
A complete guide for beginner and pro alike. After 6 years of telemarketing very successfully, I felt I was ready to write my own book - until this one came 
Sports, Race and Politics: New York 1977. Jonathan Mahler s The Bronx is Burning is really a time capsule and not a book. Turning each page, the reader familiar with 
BEST BOOK EVER!!!!. I m in sixth grade and this was the best book I have ever read. I read it twice over the summer and I am getting readey 
A Classically Beautiful Edition. This beautiful edition accompanies every chapter with stunning artistic photography and Chinese calligraphic text. It makes a good coffee table Tao Te Ching that will capture 
Fabulous Book. The Life of Pi is one of the most intellectually stimulating books that you will find anywhere. It weaves an amazing story that makes you think about what 
Excellent book for young people. My children go to a great parochial school. The one issue I have with the quality of their education is the science. They teach young 
MESSIES, sit up and pay attention!. If you save clippings and articles that you know will some day be important, then can t remember where you filed them, this is 
Comedic Shakespeare. Much Ado About Nothing, by William Shakespeare, is a positive, romantic comedy of how petty scenarios can be blown to epic proportions. The reason I think it s 
Cute cook. My son loves Bob the Builder. I was happy that they sell books also. I try to limit the amount of time he watches TV, so the book 
thought provoking. Think you know what style is in writing? This book looks at every angle till you are humbled. Style is ... voice...rhythm... the man ...conjunction of speech and 
A GREAT WORK BY A GREAT AUTHOR. Annie John is a brilliant work, entrancing and engaging. This work is not great because of the traditional culmination of components--language, subject matter, 
Phenomenal!. I have a strange suspicion that I would not have read Lost in the City if Edward P. Jones had not won the Pulitzer Prize for The Known World. 
Has Stood Up To The Test of Time!. Both the content and the actual book have stood up to many years of use. My young son enjoys participating in meal 
Paranormal meets romantic suspense. Isobel Wright is in the perfect job at the Belvedere Center for Sleep Research. She interprets dreams of deep level dreamers. Isobel finds herself attracted to 
Simple,straight to the point and necessary. Stories about zen masters and anecdotals are all very well. However, a view of their original work is needed to provide a well-rounded view 
Pleasure-filled reading experience!. My first Hiaasen and an example of how useful reviews reading other people s reviews can be. I found out about Hiaasen by reading someone else s 
Error-free Review to Get You Well. With great pride I ve observed Claudia Marek go from ill to extremely well. She is now restored to a highly energetic person. She 
CONSTITUTIONALISM IN A CULTURALY EMPERIALISTIC STATE. Norma Fields eloquently provides a historical look at post World War II Japan. She utilizes personal memories as well as interviews with private and 
Smithsonian Earth by Luhr. This volume has spectacular full-color pictures of the earth.For instance, diamonds, gold, silver, copper and other mineralsare depicted as they are found in the environment. Spectacularsand 
Required reading. If you want to learn how to exploit software, this is is a MUST for your library. An awesome book despite a few errors in the text.The only 
Big Moo - excellent. Great companion to Purple Cow. Short, pithy and actionable advice on becoming remarkable for business and nonprofits  
BRAIN LONGEVITY. FOR PEOPLE OVER FIFTY THIS BOOK MAY BE THE MOST IMPORTANT ONE YOU LL EVER READ. YOU LIKELY ARE LOOSING YOU MENTAL ACUITY AND WILL NOT KNOW IT 
A wife teaching her husband to read and write her lanquage. The Merriam-Webster s French-English Dictionary was a great buy for my husband and I. My husband who is American 
Just a correction. For anyone who gives a darn, John Dewey is not responsible for the Dewey Decimal System - that was Melvil Dewey and the two are not, to 
Amazing stories, great analysis. I d read Braman s other work in books edited by Marc Mauer and Jeremy Travis. This is much more in depth, but presents the same 
This was one good book. As Gould s earliest book, and the first one I readd, this is still a great book. It clearly discusses a lot of evolutionary topics. 
The essential guide to motorcycle maintenance. A practical common sense approach to motorcycle maintenance. Mr. Zimmerman has covered all important areas and added more than a few esoteric comments that 
Great bar, great dog, great old man... Rich, biblical prose. Set in the South. The best bar in all literature, set in a Gap, leaning out over a gorge, swaying 
Yet another alltime GREAT. This guy knew how to write about love, in all of it s phases, yet never or rarely descended into mawkishness. And a lot of his 
Jeff Wilson Bridges the Gap . As a 28 year veteran of professional railroading, with 18 years in the bridge department, Jeff has indeed managed to bridge the gap between 
Not enough copies!!. I devoured all the Brunner I could get my hands on until this one. It changed the way I think, made me look at our society with 
As Good As It Gets. Mary Alice Monroe is a skilled storyteller. Her prose is beautiful and her understanding of human nature profound. I was toally absorbed in the lives 
Excellent but Overwhelming. Mr. Fisk presents a point of view seldom seen in the US. He questions the wisdom of trying to spread Western-style democracy in countries that in some 
If there is a true Judaism, it is as diverse as Judaism itself. Kirsch succeeds in provoking the reader to consider both the historical uncertainties of the Biblical texts mosaic 
JAVA is truly agile, thanks to Anil Hemrajani!. I just read this book, Agile Java Development with Spring, Hibernate and Eclipse, and I find it the best Java book ever 
Nice newbie book. It s a great inspirational book and it has a great deal of easy recipies within texmex, sandwich, soup, salat etc. It s not one of those 
An excellent overview. For me the real beauty of this book was not the illustrated catalogue of images in the Wellesley College collection, it was the excellent essay by Melissa 
Updating labor theory for the age of high technology. Labor and Monopoly Power, by Harry Braverman, brings basic Marxist labor theory up to date for the modern age. Though written 
A Real Page Turner. Even though this book was written in 1991, the story is still relevant today. I read this book based on the reviews here in Amazon and 
I loved this book!. Finding Manana was one of the best books I ve ever read! Written by a New York Times journalist, Finding Manana is very well written. Sixteen 
Battle Royal!. At first Liberalism and Ancient and Modern square off against one another in the dusty city square. They circle, making faints, looking for an opening in their opponent 
Heavy on the O side of the military community. I was given this book as a gift from a dear friend during my husband s last deployment. While I found 
this review provides a synthesis of the dust cover introduction. Wickham Skinner of the Harvard Business School is considered by many the prime initiator of the back-to-manufacturing movement. In this 
Not At All Bad. For people looking for an introduction to the Zen influences on Japanese culture, one would be hard pressed to find a better, easier to handle book 
One of my favorite books of all time!. I have to admit it, I m a huge Bill Bryson fan. I ve read and enjoyed all his books, some more 
Foreign Mud Anglo Chinese Opium War. When we think of Hong Kong we imagin the great financial centre that the city has become. This book takes us back to before 
Great Homesteading Reference. This book offers all a homesteader or potential homesteader needs to know to get started. Given from a British perspective many of the techniques mentioned may not 
A Must for Career Artists!. I had the privilage of studying with Dr. Dunning the last two quarters of his teaching career. I can only give the highest praise for 
Entertaining. The newest entry in the Marcus Didius Falco series. Like many of the other books in the series, it examines a particular facet of imperial Roman society that also 
Embedded Programmers bible!. Math Toolkit for Real-Time Programming is simply the best focused book on the subject of doing maths on microcontrollers, eg PIC 8051, AVR, PSOC etc with limited 
And What a Story Told!. Uncommon common sense in approaching potential clients and establishing the vital basis of trust to move an initial meeting into a meaningful, long-term relationship beneficial 
This Book Changed My Life!!. V. Vale has published a masterpiece. A slice of otherwise discarded and forgotten culture is preserved in this fantastic book. I wonder what s become 
I love this book. The rhymes are so fun to read. I think I enjoy it more than my son  
The Maker s Heavy Hand. Graham Greene wrote novels of ideas. In the best of his books, such as The Power and the Glory and The Quiet American, the ideas 
One of the Russian Master s Better Novels. It should be known to most students and readers of Dostoyevsky that he suffered most of his adult life from a severe 
What can I say? This book was entertaining. Basically, I bought this book because I wanted to read about all of the players he threw under the bus. And boy, 
The Foundational Text on Religion and Violence - General Overview. By focusing primarily on Greek tragedy, primitive religions, and psychoanalysis, Rene Girard attempts to show the inextricable link between violence 
Murder By Month Mystery Review. This was a very good book. It did start off a little slow for my taste. To be honest i didn t think i would 
The Reference in Gulag History. If you read this reference book and then a day in the life of.....you will have dived deep enough....if you want to get a women 
great book, easy to undserstand. I used this book as the main textbook for a college class. It was easy to understand for the non-lawyer. It was clear and gave 
Great insight and understanding will be gained. Weinberg s short interpretations and insights make this a great book. If you are looking for a large quantity of in-depth information on 
A great message for those with cancer. I was sitting at the edge of a lake when I read A Whole New Life. I had finished by own book about 
Increasing in Knowledge. At a certain young age, maybe eleven or twelve, I decided that God, as presented by the Catholic Church, did not match my idea of how a 
Relief for Sufferers... I am one of those people who want to know the where, why and what of medical problems. I have been surfing the Internet for a long 
War, but from the other one. These days, most war stories are from World War II, or the Holocaust. With many survivors and many horrific stories to tell, hundreds of 
Excellent resource for women. The authors provide a much needed and welcome perspective to an area of women s health, too often ignored. They describe the complex interconnectedness of a 
In the name of Iran. Machiavelli was only political philosopher who introduced political doctrines to a ruler.He had a famouse statement: a prince must have qualities of two beasts, a 
Good, in a classic sort of way. This book is not for everyone. If you do not like to read classics with everything that goes along with that such as 
Excellent!. Reflections of South Carolina gives an excellent glimpse into all that is South Carolina. Photographs range from the beautiful beaches along the coast to college campuses and the biggest 
I know this book by heart... My seventeen-month old son will search through his vast library to find this book and the others in this series , protesting when I 
Beware Beware!. The reader who complains that the 8th edition is radically different from previous editions with respect to the definitions of literary terms such as sonnet and ode is 
Revealing Realities - Past, present and future. Peter Drucker reveals Realities and foresee a vision for future with his whiz skills of management. 40 years ago after World war II, 
A must read in this world of pain and sorrow. Ravi Zacharias hits the nail on the head with this one. One of the best books I have ever read. 
Variety of Viewpoints Make This a Winner. Anyone who has read The Da Vinci Code, can tell you that finishing the novel is only the beginning of your reading. Once 
Best thing I ever read!. If you really want to work on your personal and spiritual growth, you will read this book. The author makes it so easy to understand 
Helena, British-style. This is a curious short novel by Waugh, telling the life story of Helena, mother of Constantine the Great - dwelling on her marriage to Constantine s father, 
Outstanding. This collection of Future History stories was published originally in 1950. There are six works of short fiction here, which were published between August of 1938 and September of 
pretty good. This is the first book of this nature i bought, and can honestly say its awesome. It tells you everything you will need to make a novelty license 
A wonderful historical portrait!. Catherine Clinton s biography of Harriet Tubman is a major addition to the American historical corpus. She has fully and magnificently brought to life for adults 
You will understand why she raised to the top and ...fell!. This book will give you some good understanding how Carly Fiorina got the top job at HP and how 
In a Class by Itself.... Brown s An Introduction to the New Testament is a great resource. I will not waste time and space building a case for him, as 
Beyond critique to hope & joy. This picks up where all the critiques leave off -- the book is a treasure hunt into a world of truth, beauty, and goodness, 
Very well researched and written. I am very pleased to see historians reviewing many of the Cold War historical events now that the fury of the Cold War has passed. 
A great, sweeping saga. I read this book just after reading Higher: A Historic Race to the Sky and the Making of a City, having found them both steeply discounted 
One Of My All Time Favorites!. I stumbled across the title of this book doing research on the Black Death. What a find!! I just couldn t put it down 
Positive Discipline by Jane Nelson. The discipline concepts in this book are refreshing! Why do we think that to teach our children how to behave, we have to make them 
Used It, Read It, Loved It. This book was incredibly helpful to me. The maps are awesome. It s organized well. I hiked and did Route 66. The book was 
Difficult to Categorize. This is called a fantasy novel. I suppose it is but it is not in the domain of wizards and elves and such. It reads more like 
Overall I liked it. I really liked how you would see all the activities going on from each different characters point of view. I felt there could have been more 
This is a truly fabulous piece of criticism. Ellmann s work is a must-read for anyone interested in anorexia in literature. As theory, it is remarkably readable, interesting, and compelling. 
Understanding of a Very Old and Honored Practice. Joan Budilovsky and Even Adamson have done a remarkable job of explaining the fundamentals of Yoga with intelligence, humor, and warmth. Ms. 
Great for PE teachers. I teach Elem PE and used it as my motivation for my football unit. The students loved it and were amazed that they really didnt know 
A comprehensive and thoroughly user friendly instructional guide to the art of fabric sewing and textile crafting. Step-By-Step Sewing Course: Essential Techniques For Making Over 150 Creative Home Projects is 
Interesting, but not hilarious. The blurb on the back of the book is misleading. A Salon.com reviewclaims that Jennifer Saginor s memoir Playground is Bizarre...hilarious, disturbing. Bizarre and disturbing it 
A paean to baseball as a unifying, cultural force. In 1949, when Doris Kearns was six and living in Rockville Center, NY, her father taught her how to chart and 
Very Helpful. I loved this book. Its information was upfront and unapologetic. Wonderful. Simply wonderful. It has changed my life. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to look 
Powerful lessons from a man who s walked the walk. In this practical and profound book, Volf gets down to the nitty-gritty of what it means for us as Christians 
Finally. Finally there is someone who is writng about being a parent without being dipsy deweyed. Judith Newman has incredible, sharp, honest humor that will offend sanctimonious people and will 
Interesting Study. Let s be straight. This is a book full of real people s sexual fantasies. It s not guided by some moral code the world imposes on us, 
A fresh voice, but left me wanting more..... I loved Bly s take no prisoners style of dealing with writing teachers, and writing programs, their strengths and their shortcomings. Her 
The Father of History. This is what we are used to call him. Of course Herodotus is not the Father because History existed already long before he was born. The 
you can do pilates anywhere. This is a nice variation on the standard Pilates how-to book. You can do these exercises anywhere, in a small space, without any equipment. Standing 
For adults or kids, Roald Dahl rocks!. Have loved his kids books ever since I was a child and am now reading them with my daughter. This one is for 
Heartland. Heartland Series #16I ride horses and i love them i also have horses and abunch of heartland books that i love. This series is about a stable called Heartland 
Changes for Maritcha. Credit publisher Harry N. Abrams, Inc. with a brilliant bit of promotional packaging. You want to put out a non-fiction book for children about an African-American girl 
A classic book that should be a part of your library. Excellent discussion of Florida s paleo past and photographs of typical Florida fossils make this book an indispensable tool 
A fresh breath of air. This book rings true to Jack London s character - strong, nobel and powerful. It is interesting to see how truly his character comes through 
THIS IS GREAT INFORMATION!!. I have a pretty healthy diet already but this book was a great education for me and I feel like gave me the down and dirty, 
An excellent, myth-smashing academic book. This is an excellent book that does much to dispel both the Eurocentric and mystifying Orientalist myths that have grown up around the relation of 
An Extraordinary Resource for Elite Training Protocols. This book by Coach Philbin is long overdue. High Intensity Training, explains clearly the effective principals of HIT. As a young athlete who 
In awe I reflect. merely reading reviews written by other s who have read this book gives me chills if that is any indicator of qualit  
A great book. I think this book is very,very good. It was a great book about China also a good book for childrens around the world. This book is about 
The City of Marvels Book Review. The City of Marvels, written by Barcelona native Eduardo Mendoza, is one of the most important novels in contemporary Spanish literature. It was written 
A Jumping-In Point. I ordered several copies of this book for my mothers group to use during our summer session.The book has been great to get us talking about both 
outstanding. My favorite playe  
A Masterpiece. &quot;Spirit of the Age&quot; is another achievement by the man that I consider to be the greatest writer of the genre. Ament does a suberb job of chronicalling 
A Fine and Concise Study of Biblical Language. This is just what I ve been searching for: a book about Hebrew and how it works, and the idioms that might 
Great, Timely Read. C. S. Lewis insight and imaginative detail in this story about the next life came at a time I needed perspective.  
Most excellent!. This newest book in the Covington series is not only about Hannah Parrish, who, at the age of 75, is going forward with her wedding to George Maxwell 
BENEATH THE SURFACE LIES TRUTH. They key to understanding Brenner is understanding that Zionism has nothing to do with Jews and everything to do with domination.They used the Jews, like 
A zany story of a boy s adventure. Megan McDonald s Stink And The Incredible Super-Galactic Jawbreaker tells of Stink Moody, who gets a ten-pound box of 23,280 jawbreakers just 
A Classic Written by an American Classical Author!. This wonderful book written by a well-loved American author details his travels in Spain, and more specifically in the Castle Alhambra. These 
You are what you speak. This book gives a wonderful overlay to the reader s self-image: it will either hurt it, or elucidate it. This book basicly gives the beastly 
The best introduction to Auden s later work. For any one looking for an introduction to Wystan Auden s work, there is no better way than to pick up both 
Great starter but a little thin. This VQS book gives a great high-level of a broad spectrum of functionality of Flash but does not go into much detail. Good starter 
Recommended. In The Refinement of America, Richard L. Bushman focuses on gentility and how the desire to become one of society s elite led to the formation of a whole 
I listened to the abridged audiotape of this book. I thought it was well read and moved right along -- I ended up taking the tapes home to listen to 
we must not let the light go out. This tiny 52 page book is one of the most important pieces that I have read in my life. Rachel Corrie s 
Climb harder than Freedom of the Hills... ...but not to the extreme.This book is the second chapter in an aspiring alpinists handbook. I found myself over the years amassing a 
Validating my addiction. I had been scrapping for a little less than 5 years when I bought this book. I never could put into words why it was so important 
Education, Answers and A Practical Plan. I found Dr. DeMaria s site on the web www.DrBob4Health.com while looking for answers for my son s ADD. I was so impressed with 
Excellent. This book is my second fav Steel book. Beginning near the depression era and progressing throughout WWII it talks of life of an American woman living in France. It 
Knowledge worth digging for. This book could stand some extensive organization and editing but, in spite of that, is full of incredibly helpful information and answers that may take some 
New ideas for the seasoned pro. I throw several large get-togethers, plus many smaller, more intimate gatherings every year. In my neighborhood we re known as the party house . 
Puts the Series Back on Track. I missed all the hype about this series, and just happened upon the trade paperbacks at the library. The premise, as the title says, 
Saving Grace. This book was recommended to me by the evaluation team that worked with my son. It is an unparalleled resource for all people dealing with dyslexia. From kindergartners 
Great Book!. I homeschool my 2nd grade son and we just learned about insects and spiders. This book was PERFECT for learning about ants. Excellent pictures and information about how 
A UNIQUE SEQUEL. THE GOLDEN CAT completes the story begun in THE WILD ROAD, and tells the tale of a young male cat s fantastic journey through several worlds and 
Great laughter &amp; cute cartoons to overcome &quot;numerical&quot; fear!. This book is a great hoot for those who can laugh at their fears of numerical weakness. Do not be misled 
Possession Is The Least of Our P{oblems. This series of books is a beast that has possessed me with its great storylines, characters and cliffhanger endings. Kudoes to LaHaye  
Great Side of Dahl. I had only read a few books by Roald Dahl before, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, Matilda and James and the Giant Peach. I enjoyed them 
A good twist on a typical plot!. Bounty hunter Stephanie Plum and her co-worker Lula are off to buy nachos, but in the meantime witness a robbery from the Red 
Two big thumbs up... In a small but growing number of companies, making a profit is seen as only one measure of business success. In these companies, employees are viewed 
Reviews by Nan Kilar and Bobby Miller. If you ve read any other books by Jeffrey Deaver and I ve read most of them , you know what a strange 
Metal Thread Embroidery. I have only looked through the book but it has just what I was looking for and I know I will not be disappointed when I use 
Promising Debut. Emma is great.I agree with other reviewers on the main points and just have one cavil. I don t care how many deep-dyed villains Mr. Lawson puts in 
not much more to add. I don t have much more to add than what was already mentioned in the long other reviews.The most entertaining thing for me was that 
From an idea to 8 million in sales. In the five years I ve been following Michael Masterson s advice, my business has gone from an idea to an 8 
The BEST book I have ever read. This book is the very best one I have ever read on kids and nutrition  
Socrates Fortow: a man of character, we should all learn from his example. Socrates is a man trying to recover from his past mistakes. The story begins 8 years post 
We Love Tacky!. My Aunt who was an elementary school teacher recommended this book to me for our two kids. My boys love it! My 2 year old wants me 
great shape just as promised fast shipping. would buy from again everything just as promised and recieved book fas  
Worthwhile despite some flaws. I recently finished two architectural biographies, Gijs Van Hensbergen s volume on Antoni Gaudi, and Libeskind s book on himself. Neither is especially well-written Libeskind s 
Well worth the reading. Yet another great book in the series. Well worth the reading and study. I have ordered additional copies to give as gifts  
Straightforward and Comprehensive. The book is large but set out in a series of straightforward sections: the first one on drugs themselves under generic names - useful if you re 
Great Bible. Love this bible, am almost thru my first reading, have given two as gifts. Easy to read and understand.  
A &quot;MUST READ&quot; for any business person, inventor, or author. Micheal Lechter has done us all a valuable favor by writing this book! As an experienced attorney dealing with copyrights, 
An exceptional book by an exceptionally insightful man. I m only halfway through reading this in the original German , and I m already recommending it to anyone who will 
Good exam preparation support!. I used this book in addition to RedHat s instructor led training, and managed to pass the test on my first try with a score of 
A classic study and reference for non-classical scholars. Written by a master in his field and well-written at that, it is no wonder this work finds a place of honor 
Great book for couples!!. My husband and I have read this devotional and LOVED it!! The questions after the stories spark deep conversations and it s a great way to 
A written TKO. Bull is one of the most powerful biography s written. La Motta went step by step relaying his life story, in a transparent way. He not only 
of unlimited value to house officers. whether you re planning to specialize in surgery or not, it is invaluable for you.probably it is more useful when you re NOT planning 
3rd in the series, fast paced, erotic and fantasy all in one. This is the 3th book in the series about Princess Meredith of the faerie Unseelie Court. The faeries 
The view from the top. Undine Spragg, the highest-maintenance of Edith Wharton s heroines, is so neurotically obsessed with climbing the social ladder that even when she is at the 
Nicely done. Good travel book even though it provides little in the way of relivent information you will never look at europe or disney world quite the same way agian. 
Sound suggestions; actual read takes effort. The 1980s book is continually updated. Stephanie Winston, also author of Getting Organized, presents a wealth of ideas for managing time, paper, and people 
This book will remind you of why you became pro-choice. This book is an absolute must for anyone with an interest in the history of abortion in the US. Leslie 
Excellent content, poor physical quality. The content of this book is excellent, there are plenty of reviews stating why, my heavy critique is the absolute poor physical quality of the 
Absolutely enthralling!. This is one of my first reviews here. If I had not read the person s review who gave this book one star and wrote such drek about 
A HUGELY IMPORTANT BOOK. This is a book could be beneficial to anyone ... from individuals, to families, to cooperations, to farmers ranchers, to governments.Go to his webiste holistic management 
Cartoon Modern. Absolutly wonderful visuals, with OK text. Text suffers from almost no acknowlegement of foriegn animation that preceded and drove the U.S. animation design, but still very informationl and 
Healthy Southern Appalachian Cooking. Even though this is not a vegetarian cookbook, she does provide a few meatless versions and lower fat variations on these authentic recipes  
Bravo!. Stafford has captured the true &quot;steel magnolias&quot;who live in the south and often operate a businessaround the corner from me and you. We all knowthe ladies. B. Mayo--San Antonio, 
Art is more than paintings. Teach your child!. I have been looking for simple books to introduce my preschooler to Art with a capital A . Most kids in preschool 
Good Resource Material. This book is a good resource for learning about genograms and how to create them both for the professional therapist and student. In its illistrations, it includes 
Great Business Law Book!. This book is very informative. I enjoyed reading the chapters and learned quite a bit more than I already knew. This book was used my Business 
Enjoyable. Nietzsche looks at life and characterizes it without blinking. Not that his philosophy is particularily USEFUL; essentially, you have to come up with your own. He has no answers, 
Very helpful manual. The manual is essentially great for beginners and advanced users. Probably a little bit more illustrations would have inspired me to rate it with five stars  
Best Companion CD Set Ever!. For those who are skeptical of just about anything coming from Llewellyn, I have to say that, if they continue to release EXTREMELY HIGH CALIBER 
Sweet childre s litterature. This is the original Winnie-ther-Pooh. The one you fell in love with as a child, when it was being read aloud to you by your parents 
outside looking in. A good read about a very interesting topic. Because this is a short book, I m sure it missed too numerous to mention other stories. The book 
a necessary book on Vietnam. One will never get a complete picture of the Vietnam war without reading Bloods. Wallace Terry did a masterpiece in writing this oral history  
A terrific present for young dinosaur enthusiasts. I sent this to my 5 year old nephew, who recently transitioned from the usual early interest in trucks and planes into a 
A radical critique of our age. Perhaps Guenon s greatest work, this book analyses the metaphysical roots of the crisis of this age, explaining the causes of the present condition 
Leonaur Ltd. is publishing the definitive Edgar Rice Burroughs 21st century editions. Leonaur Ltd. is publishing the definitive Edgar Rice Burroughs 21st century editions. These usually contain 2 books of 
A Very Strong Case. William Lane Craig shows why he is one of the leading defenders of the Christian faith with this excellent work on the resurrection. I would recommend 
Interesting book, handy reference. This book has been a very handy reference. The Greek myths are presented in plain English, and written in chronological order, so they can be enjoyed 
Fun Learning Experience. This is a fun book for the younger set to learn about barnyard animals. It has wonderful picutures and the kids loved it  
a real kid pleaser. My grandsons....ages 8, 3 and 2...all love this CD. We play it every morning on the way to school and they all sing along. To say 
This is a must read for all Americans!. This is an epic novel about the horrors of slavery as an institution and as a destructive element to the body, soul, 
Advanced Magnetic Healing Techniques. i found this book to be the finest and most useful book to get started with magnet therapy. not only does it cover a wide range 
Scalia at his best. This is an excellent book that makes a very difficult subject, the United States Constitution and an even more controversial Supreme Court Justice, Scalia, easy to 
audio for the car. Good product and great to take on trips in the car, delivery was good and product was in great shape, good selle  
Fabulous!!!. Such a great book to read at bedtime! By the time I was done I was yawning and ready for bed too!!! A true classic  
Keep going back. I purchased this books ages ago. I keep going back to read it from time to time. It is one of my favourite books and so well 
a life changing book. It is amazing how many people I have met who cite John Robbins previous classic book Diet for a New America as the book which has 
The beauty of sex. This novel depicts reality from which we often escape or never admit to knowing. The author shows how enlightenment is a never-ending task. One could say 
Very good, but falls short of greatness. The selections included are fairly standard, but they are great works nonetheless. The translation is excellent. One major drawback is a lack of 
Crossing To Safety by Wallace E. Stegner. This is a powerful book on the strength and value derived from true friendship. Beautifully written and, finding it missing from our library 
Excellent resource!. I am a guidance counselor and have used this book to help students prepare for the ACT. I like how the book lets you take practice tests, a 
Best Resource for Teaching Reading I ve Found... I absolutely love this book for both teachers or parents looking to improve reading skills. My daughter first came home with these 
it s one of the best books i have ever seen. This book is the most popular one in pakistan , and most of business administration schools preffered this book 
Immensly useful guide. A superbly written guide for students and historians on a little covered subject. Highly reccomended for anyone that has an interest in the more obscure Wehrmacht subjects. 
Good Information. The first 2 chapters have helped me, more than I would ve ever imagined. I m on chapter 7 now, and I have a much clearer understanding about 
Fantastic!. The author s own very personal story of healing &amp; growth through imagery and the art process, combined with a very clear, present-moment style of writing was absolutely riveting 
Who We Talk About When We Talk About Carver. The question of authorship should be immaterial to the reading of this work. Do we care what was left out? Do 
who discovered dna?. Sayre s book &quot;Rosalind Franklin and DNA&quot; discusses the contributions made by Franklin in the discovery of the double-helix of dna. It also discusses in detail Franklin 
best nutrition resource ever. I bought this book when it was first published, many years ago. Since then, I have probably bought 5 copies. It still remains one of the 
Never go to the bakery again!. This book is great! If you are really into the art of break baking, this book is a winner. If you need immediate gratification, 
Really Great Insights. I got tremendous value out of this book. While I did not see or connect with all the Great Groups that Bennis used as case studies, there 
Handsome Art Book. This beautiful book looks like a limited edition artist s book, which is what it was originally. It s filled with large format aquatints a form of 
Pawleys Island. As an avid reader, I can t believe I missed finding Dorothea Benton Frank. She s funny and very accurate about life in South Carolina. It is so 
Did Anyone Else Notice The Bagavad Gita Connection?. Having read the Bagavad Gita, it only much later dawned on me that Carlos is Arjuna and Don Juan is Krishna - 
Good Advice. For some of us, Ray Dodd s book is a good reminder of what we know but often fail to apply. To others it may open a world 
Excellent Advice!. I m a professional organizer and I loved this book! It puts in writing much of the advice I give my clients to help them maintain the organizing 
Slowing down life s pace is necessary: here s how and why!. I have been preparing lectures on stress management and came upon the work of the authors Use of 
Testamony. Vera Brittain enrolled in Summerville College, Oxford, in a time before degrees were granted to women. This was just before The First World War changed almost everything for almost 
Amazing and Indispensable. This book revolutionized my writing. That is the single greatest testament I can give to it. Card will break down, piece by piece, how to build good 
The best of the Shadow subseries - deep, interesting, and entertaining. This latest installment in the Enderverse set by Orson Scott Card is a pleasure to read, and is more 
Science Fiction at its Best. If you have read Asminov s Foundation series many eons ago, this is a must read. It gives you an excellent idea of how everything 
Very Interesting!!. This book was so different from what I thought it was about when I ordered it. It still was knowledgeable. It is hard to grasp as you must 
Inspiring &amp; Motivating. Im 22 years old and have been training for 2 years, but recently I hit a slump. I saw Uche and Kary speak one evening in Winnipeg 
quite humorous and ironic, but realistic. I think that most people will view this book with an apprehensive nature. Why? Simply because almost all readers know the basic theme of 
Boldly Inspiring... Simply put, Sonia Choquette is a brilliant spiritual teacher. She is engaging, challenging, thought-provoking, imaginative, and inspiring. Each of these personal attributes shine in this highly recommended New 
Brought Back Memories... Being from West Virginia, this book brought back memories of my mothers kitchen. The recipes appear like old friends we haven t seen in years and my 
A masterpiece for serious students. I came across this book while finishing my MSc at Guelph. The book soon made its rounds among all the ichthyology students and faculty. It 
Long live Marquez!!!. this man s pen weaves wonders!!! just as simple as that!!Marquez you are the voice of a Latin God!  
A Wicked Review. From the first page to the last sentence Gregory Maguire manages to take his readers on an exciting tour of the world of Oz that no one 
Alex is digging himself a deep hole. Seems to me Alex has been getting increasingly obsessive over the years and in this one, he is going over the deep end.Out 
How I got started. C for dummies was the first book I purchased several years ago to teach myself something about programming a computer. Dan Gookin is a great writer 
The Biggest House in the World. This is another great story from Leo Lionni! In this book, a snail wishes that his house would be the biggest house in the 
A satisfied reader. This book has had me captivated for days, keeping me up until odd hours of the morning as pages and minutes slipped by in swift succession. Joanne 
4 Stars for the Newest Work of Art!. Beautifully written, and amazing storyline. I personally did not like the ending, due to an attachment to one of the characters, but 
The return of the beast master. After a long absence, the Beast Master has returned, and it is well worth the wait. It is another great Beast Master story, with 
Fabulous for 9 year old. My son is 9 and absolutely loves this book. We ve limited it to one activity a day so that he doesn t finish it 
One of the best books ever written on the subject of sleep.. I have read numerous books and articles on sleep research and I have yet to come across any 
Wonderful. I adored the feeling I got reading West with the Night.It is difficult to describe the characteristics of its structure or the poetic spirit that is marbled throughout its 
Fantastic Voyage. Engaging, informative, not-too-thick book that deftly weaves a subject I m eager to learn more about - Chinese history, with a subject I never get tired of - 
IT Project Management. Ce livre est idal pour l apprentissage de la gestion de projet. Il aborde d une faon proche de la pratique et nanmoins avec une bonne base 
Sweet story. This book really great. I enjoyed the story immensley. Character development was excellent and descriptions in this story were fully visualized. I really could picture myself at the 
Fantastic Ending!. The Second Foundation ties up the original trilogy and helps make the foundation the greatest series ever written. With a fantastic surprise ending and some great suspense, This 
Clear, Concise, Helpful. This baseball dictionary is clear, concise and helpful, particularly for people like me. I love baseball, but when I was growing up, girls weren t raised on 
more for 9 years and up. While the cartoons seemed corney, even to my child, the information is complete and informative. Our very mature 9-1 2 year old was barely 
match mountains. I bought this book as a gift for a fellow aficianado of Western U.S. history. It s one of the best ever published, as Mr. Stone delivers historical 
GREAT HEALING GUIDE. This is not a book to read just once, but a practical workbook to be used over a period of at least 40 days in order to 
basic psychology. I can t tell if Angry Reader #whatever is for real. He s either a first-rate psychopath or has a very dry sense of humour. Of course if 
Good book worth reading. I like the DailyKos, but frankly I was not optimistic that the crossover to political writing would be a good one. I was wrong... The book 
1000 Stars. Wonderful for armchair travelers and real adventurers alike.The writing in this book is excellent, and will have you feeling like you are aboard a TGV in Europe, or 
long overdue, but something awry. How much we need a book that looks with unjaundiced eyes on the issue of cultural ownership and cultural appropriation. This is that book, but 
To view your fellow man with compassion. In this book by Paul Tournier more than any other you will learn to deal with your fellow man and thusly yourself with 
This is the comprehensive guide to martinis. Great resource. I work at a private country club. We hosted a Martini party for our members and used this book as a 
Great inside guide to the wine country. Tim Fish has written a great guide that even Sonoma and Napa residents use to find their way to the best wineries, tasting 
Surprise, surprise, surprise. Spellbinding takes on new meaning as this tale twist and turns through treacherous waters. Just when you think Grisham can t do it again, he does it 
A great Man, an equally great work on history!. The first book I read about the times surrounding the American Revolution was &quot;John Adams A Life&quot; by John Ferling. It 
Aces all the way. I ve read dozens of books on the subjects of gambling and Las Vegas, and Whale Hunt is by far the most entertaining I ve ever 
In the rivers and the mountains, in the forests and in you, the Goddess is alive and growing... Contrary to what other Pagans may have written on this site, I 
KYSOS Reflection. As a college student, I found this book very helpful not only for my future career in Consumer Services, but also in my currant part time position. One 
BEST SHOW ON TELEVISION. This show is in its 4th Season, and Adam and Jamie STILL haven t run out of urban legends to put the scientific test to. Fascinating 
A Teen s Review. This isn t Judith,this is her son.I have seen the movie MANY times and have the soundtrack,and if you are a die-hard HSM fan,then you should 
If we listen to the patient, they will provide their diagnosis.... Dr. Guarneri s book The Heart Speaks is full of realities in patient health. It is interesting to me 
Excellent Book for Beginning Filmmakers. This book does an excellent job on the basics: how to write a treatment, develop a script thru the process of story outline and character 
Great Read. This book provides great insight into spiritual warfare. It is a rare find that captivates it s audience and is based on sound Biblical teaching. It adresses something 
Horror and humor in this dark novel. The Store has a simple premise that builds from the first page; the residents of a small Arizona town have mixed feelings about 
Be Careful Who You Trust!. False Memory by Dean Koontz is a study of terror...it delves into the deepest part of an individual s sub-conscious and the complexities inherent.It is 
Feynman, A Genius. In Genius by James Gleick, the author writes a complete biography of Richard Feynman, spanning his entire life and achievements. Richard Feynman went to MIT and then 
A Last a Sensible Challenge to a Culture of Mindless Secrecy. Freemasonry is a personal thing, and Brother Lomas s personal testament is well worth reading as it deals with 
loved it. i loved this last installment that pamela did for darcy, it made me go back and read some sections of pride and prejudice again as i had it 
To Conquer or Surrender. This is not just a book about exploring remote places, but the spirituality of exploration itself. The Tsangpo River s gorge through the Himalayas in southern 
Great read. The Gallaghers of Ardmore Trilogy are three wonderful book, I reccommend reading them in order, can t put them down  
Lives up to its title. This is a rather unique book on warehouse design in that it combines some basic warehouse design content with highly detailed information related to costs 
Full Color Inspiration Book. I finally know what to do with all the weird Beads I just had to have for no other reason than they looked different. I love 
More Stephanie Plum Excitement. This book is right up there with all the rest of the Janet Evanovich books. Once you read all 12 .. you just feel like you 
Great. Yoga Mala is written by a living legend with many years of practice and teaching experience. I would recommend this book only to those already familiar with Ashtanga, as 
Great multi-age book!. I originally bought this book to use with a 2nd grade class, but my four year old son just loves it. The colors are bright and bold. 
Good practical advice. This book has very good writing exercises to get you started. I preferred to do the exercises first and then to read the entire chapter explaining the 
Soul Soothing. I got this for a friend suffering from PTSD from the Vietnam war and read it before giving it to him. The author does a magnificant job explainly 
Highly recommended. Chicken Soup for the SoulBy: Jack CanfieldReviewed by: M. KeP.2Chicken Soup for the Soul is a series of short stories that often portray drama. The series would often 
Funny, but should be digested in bits. Dan Rhodes book is peopled by amusing losers, remorseless heartbreakers and the truly clueless. His ability to convey in 101 words what would 
MANSON. HE TELLS WHAT EACH SONG MEANS.HE TALKS ABOUT EACH ALBUM.HE TALKS ABOUT HIS TOURS AND WHAT GOES ON BEFORE,DURING,AND AFTER.THIS BOOKS S VERY INTERESTING.IF YOU RE A MANSON FAN-GET 
Excellent quality -- arrived in good time. The book is in excellent shape, and it arrived in a timely fashion  
From the Play to the Book. I have recently been a part of a school production of the Trial. It was amazing to see high school students grasp the materail 
Hands That Heal. This book takes you through a journey, Echo s journey of how she learned and developed her skills gifts. I highly encourage you to pick up a 
Puts a human face on a death penalty statistic. If you want to look at dry, impersonal statistics, Maria Barbella was the first woman to be sentenced to death in 
Informative and Straight to the Point. I am very pleased with this book. Although I have other books that touch upon some of the same topics, The Expert s Guide 
A MUST READ. AS ALWAYS, GRISHAM KEEPS THE ACTION GOING, COULDNT PUT IT DOWN. LOVED IT  
 ...Love was always love, any time and any place, but it was more solid the closer it came to death. . When they were both young, in another time, 
Great game aid. Its great to have a city book like this. The maps are outstanding. If you re a gamer buy this toda  
Ian Myles Slater on: A Fine New Harvest Reaches the Marches. Lud-in-the-Mist was first published, to both some incomprehension and some critical success, in the 1920s. It opens with, as 
Excellent work. Although this book is not for beginners, it doesn t contain any formulas. Instead it focuses on all the complex aspects of making a market for options. I 
Fascinating study of humanity... ...of course, with plenty of LaBute s sometimes heavy-handed misanthropy. I originally began reading LaBute s plays after seeing Bash, and while I ll say that 
Excellent book for Players &amp; Non-players alike! A . This book is extremely entertaining and educational. I have been playing bass over 25 years, and have enjoyed it completely. Jim 
One of the best books ever!. I am normally not one for reading but this book is so interesting that I could hardly put it down! Very informative and doesn 
A lost art from a great man we all lost. Many Americans will agree that letter writing is truly a lost art. With chat rooms and emails and instant messages, 
Mud  The Fifth Season. This book tells the story of mud season, the fifth season of the year. It describes how mud season appears suddenly, what it looks like, 
Changed my life. This book was really eye-opening. The book was so encouraging. I believe this book will help many people  
Inspiring. I especially liked the &quot;coverage&quot; and photos of the inner-city urban gardens projects in Philadelphia. Ethiopian angels! This book looks at &quot;sacred gardens&quot;, old and new, around the world. 
Consent to Kill: A Thriller. I enjoyed the novel very much. Mitch Rapp is an excellent author, but he needs better proof readers. I could not believe the number of 
Great and hilarous book. This is a funny book for any of you who have been to france or studied thier current culture. Otherwise, you may not understand what this 
Must read for parents of gay children. This book is a great source of &quot;how to&quot; for parents when they find out that their children are gay. The author details 
so you think you know cognitive-semiotic approaches to maps?. My copy of this book is now chock full of scribbles in the margin - not doodles, mind you, but ideas 
To enjoy the art of literature. Nabokov writes about literature the way some write about wine: savoring nuances and discussing it with delight. A writer of elegant books and a 
Great book. This book is a classic. I would recommend it to long-time Christians as well as new Christians or those wanting to explore the basic components of the Christian 
An Outstanding Record of an Incredible Expedition. These books are a remarkable record of Mike Nichols and Mike Fay s trip across Congo and Gabon. A trip that took them 
Kid s Poems: Teaching Third &amp; Fourth Gaders to Love Writ. Regie promised great results with this book and she delivered! The book is a quick read - concise and 
Amazing psychological thriller. This is one of those books I will never forget, one that I will re-read soon. I don t like to recommend books, but I have to 
Research Findings from book. Book: Smith, Paul H., Reading the Enemy s Mind -- Inside Star Gate, American s Psychic Espionage Program , Tom Doherty Associates, publisher, January 2005.Precis: Dr. 
Handy book, but you might need help if you are not technical. When I review Unix books, I come from a totally non-techical perspective. I always look at it from 
Great book with wise advise.... Having bought and read the authors book Your Body s Many Cries For Water and given copies of it to friends I was interested in 
A work of major significance. As a public art historian, I recently revisited Spraycan Art. I am told that the sales on this book are approaching 200,000 copies. In 1987 
Highly enjoyable book exposing elitist propaganda. Three weeks ago, I was traveling with my brother to a Purdue football game. On this particular journey, my brother brought the New Testament 
Moving the Bar Up. As a rule I turn pens when I want a break from more ambitious turning projects. I find the small-scale lathe work relaxing rather than intense, 
My Perfect Lover. I ordered this book hoping to find some new moves or new postitions. I had already known all of the postitions in here, but the reading part 
about beliefs. Not In His Image is perhaps the most important book of the past 100 years, that is, of course, in my view. The crux of the problem is, 
A nice piece of work. I initially bought this just because Mike Mognola did the art, which by the way is absolutely amazing and proved furthermore that he is one 
Very informative but not so well organized.. I think of a book like this as being a reference source more than something you read cover to cover. But you have 
outstanding. Muggeridge penetrates to the essence of Christianty--and he does so with remarkably few words--by describing his encounter with Mother Teresa. I feel like I encountered this saintly woman myself--and 
A booklover s delight. This book is a sequel to A Gentle Madness, also about book collecting. This book deals with the great depositories, from the library at Alexandria to 
Sponge Bob Meets Shakespeare. I m an old man. And the sea is something I know nothing about. So call me ignorant. Still, nearly 60, I just read this book 
Because the Web is Like the Old West with no Sheriff. As anyone who has been around the web for any time at all, the web is not exactly a 
Bud vs. Marlon. The paradox that is Marlon Brando has always been the allure for me, besides the obvious brillance as an actor. I m far from alone in my 
Fantastic Advice. This is simply one of the best books on creative writing I have ever read a sizable list by this point. Gardner not only breaks down the process 
LIFETIME FAVORITE BOOK. THIS BOOK HAS BECOME A CHERISHED RAG THAT I FEEL COMPELLED TO READ SEVERAL TIMES A YEAR BECAUSE I HUNGER FOR THE BEAUTY OF IT.I M SURE 
My favorite old standby. As a rider and instructor, this is a great guide to any style of riding. I have given it as a gift to many of my 
The First of a Great Series. Reading Anthony Trollope is like seeing a great mental movie. If you let the fact that he was a Victorian scare you off, you 
Wow. I read veryyyyyy few books. I can t remember the last. I read this one while at a convention in las vegas. I skipped going out at night to 
Well-researched and engaging. I lived in Shanghai as a Chinese-speaking expat during most of the time Farrer conducted his research. This book accurately captures how the Chinese and westerners I 
Learning who to breath and how to live. There is something about Anne Tyler s novels that is magic. She is one of the best writers able to bring light 
Perspective and its Role in History. History seems to through up years that resonate. 1066, 1492 and 1776 are all remembered by even the most absent minded of school children. 
A must for magicians. And non-magicians should like it too. This is a fascinating history of the golden age of magic from about the last third of the 19th Century 
The ultimate book on its subject. This is a large book full of excellent photographs and drawings which would, on their own, make the book an exceptional coffee table book 
The ignorance of people in times of war. This book has an extremely high cringe factor especially when you remember how old the protagonist is when he s experiencing all 
LOVED loved loved this book. First of all, Valerie Hemingway is a fabulous writer.She knows how to engage the readerby including just the right amount of detail andkeeping the story 
excellent!. I bought this book though not on Amazon and I am very happy with it. I recently became very lactose intolerant and this was just the book I needed. 
A Classic. The French Revolution is among the most important events that shaped world history. A lot has been written about it and Alexis de Tocqueville is among the most 
Fascinating look at a woman caught in the middle. Susannah Nelson isn t happy. She s tired of teaching, frustrated with her daughter s refusal to be more responsible about 
KIds love it. I bought this on a whim because my children love dinosaurs right now just like all kids I guess . It s become a bedtime favorite of 
A refreshing breath of air into a subject old as man. Reading this book is a very eye opening experience. The author is very comprehensive on the subject of psychic 
The Princess Radziwill. If anyone in this most famous dynasty has earned this title, she would be the one. Congrat s to Anthony, John. and Carolyn for recognizing true class, 
Great Book and Great Movie. This book is an excellent thriller that is very well written and moves at a swift pace. While the character development of the Overlook s 
A description of Africa before television. Our 26th President undertakes a safari in East Africa after completing his term in office. He thouroughly covers what he sees and encounters on 
Pelecanos at His Best. After loads of success with his earlier series, Pelecanos introduces two new protagonists in this excellent trip down Washington, D.C. s mean streets. His work on 
Very Explicit, Detailed and Valuable!. Paget s How to be a great lover provides a lot of explicit and detailed instructions, and descriptions. She discussed a broad spectrum of topics 
Wonderful... nothing else to tell. Hi,I ve opened this book few days ago and i have to tell that it s great...After a quite well review of C basics, author 
Outstanding Study Book. Preaching Christ from the Old Testament is an excellent study of referring to the Old Testament in one s sermon of Christ  
No-Nonsense Advice for Any Businessperson. No matter what you think about Martha Stewart, you cannot argue with her business success. She s managed to turn the domestic arts into a 
One of the best!. Mike Mulligan and His Steam Shovel is a great book for kids of all ages. The story is wonderful and the drawings are great too. This 
Powerful. Kids really like this book, what kid hasn t dreamed of flying and keeping a wild bird as a pet. The message is powerful, that humans can gain much 
More Than Just a Pleasurable Read, It Is a Study . Daisy Miller: A Study by Henry James is a coming of age story of western society. With the characters 
Franzen s fascinating debut. The Twenty Seventh City is Jonathan Franzen s first book, but his debut is exceptional. Had I read this book back in the late eighty when 
Deep content, but terrible style. First, I should note that The Wealth Of Networks is terribly edited. Given that Benkler thanked his editor for his Herculean work at the beginning 
Very helpful. We just returned from Panama and Costa Rica and this was the best of all the books I got. Far from complete; but none of the resources are, 
No kidding. My dog ate this book the first day we left her alone in the same room with it. Seriously  
A book that leaves you with options... This book by Eric Carle is a simple book that I believe could be used many different ways. You could use this book 
VENTURE CAPITAL: DUE DILIGENCE is my Investing Bible. For me as a professional consultant to startups and early-stage companies -- and a former successful CEO -- this book to be 
Wow, what a great story!. There s crooks and then there s real deviousness in white collar crime. This is one ride you won t forget. Think about what Shakespeare 
Childhood Memories... I first read this book when I was 6, and fell in love with the story and beautiful pictures. I never tired of reading it and missed it 
Can t Stop The Signal. For those that just can t get enough of the series or the movie this is a great way to keep supporting the show and 
Talented!!!. Few novels have such charm, such fusion. Marsha Mehran takes one of the great staples of literature, food and its creation, and makes it the vehicle of a delightful, 
Hooray for the Sibley. My wife and I are avid birders, and living near a lake that attracts all sorts of species, this has become our constant companion for even 
All in one!. Wow! What a collection of old, new, and fun! It s a collection of poems, short stories, things to do, information from palm reading to word fun. 
Best Yet On the Subject. I am a hypnotherapist and have read many books on the subject of past life therapy and I think this is the best yet. Woolger 
WOW! Never thought I d like it!. I m not normally a memoir reader--I prefer fiction to take me away from reality for awhile, but The Glass Castle was an 
epigrams of Minsky s views on the mind. Minsky has assembled 270 of his essays into this handy compendium. Each is somewhat of an epigram; only one page long, including 
Modern Machiavelli. I thought this was an excellent book and it certainly describes how to achieve power but only to a limited extent. In the final analysis you must ACTUALLY 
TYPICAL OF america. YES, ALL SHOULD KNOW HOW THE NORTH BIG BUSINESS COMPLICITY WITH SLAVERY. ALSO, THAT THE NORTH NEW YORK AND THE OTHER 12 ORIGINAL COLONIES HAD SLAVES, AND 
Disturbingly funny. I went out and bought this book after seeing the author on MSNBC s Hardball . His deadpan style and the satiric nature in which he described the 
Magnificent. This book is well-written, perfectly researched, and a staple for reading history. At first, the book is slightly surprising because it doesn t read chronologically but thematically. When reading 
No denying the facts. Having grown up in Los Angeles, I remember the fun of riding the red electric street car as a small child over 60 years ago. I 
A must-have if you plan to hike on the island of Oahu. Stuart Ball s book is an excellent resource for anyoneplanning to hike on Oahu. In fact, it has 
The most lucid heavy weight drinking companion. A truly stimulating compendium that expresses with comedy and pathos all the romanticism found in the tempestuous marriage of drinking and writers. Containing 
Great Travel Literature... This book is my introduction to Bill Bryson and a fine introduction it is. Bryson is an American who lived in England for twenty years. Before moving 
The Best of a Bad Lot. If you are looking for a writing handbook for a college writing class, this is the best there is. Ideally, you should get the 
The Joy of Not Working: A Book for the Retired, Unemployed and Overworked- 21st Century Edition. I have read several books on retirement, and this is by far the best. 
like a guide book to middle school. I think Space Station Seventh Grade is a great book. I m in sixth grade and reading this book was like reading a 
Another excellent Washington sniper book. Having already read 3 weeks in october by Charles Moose, I was very pleased to find another book on the Washington Snipers, this one by 
Is Newton come on!. What I have to say is Newton.... What else are you lookin for in a Physics book. Ohh yeah the only problem it has that its 
The center of being. It has been over 20 years since we read this book. I read it in preparation for a 4 month trip through and across western Europe. 
the premier guide. The Painter s Handbook is without doubt to artists painting materials. Gottsegen s knowledge and expertise in the field allow for an in-depth understanding of the tools 
From one of the authors... This little devotional book presents the twenty mysteries of the rosary with beautiful icons illustrating each mystery. Each meditation is presented with a variety of 
One of the best books I have ever read. This is a magnificent book that takes into consideration virtually all of the latest scientific research into animal behaviour and the 
Great relaxing reading. Lee Smith once again writes about mountain people and their ways of life. She chronologically takes the reader from the early musical interests of a family who 
Foundamental selling techniques for any business level sales people. Anthony Parinello s book teaches the very basic foundamental concept of selling to any business customers. Before selling anything, any smart, 
Excellent, better than the first. There are a lot of reviews on this site that criticize Caro for making Means of Ascent a seperate volume, saying that there isn t 
The tragedy of American diplomacy, 1945. &quot;Atomic Diplomacy&quot; describes how the atomic bomb seduced the United States government in 1945 into the fantasy that it could intimidate the Russians into 
A Tale of Love and Loyalty. P.I. Carlotta Carlyle doesn t have a family, so she hangs close to those she calls friends and one person she s been very 
A Good, Fun Read. I enjoyed this book, however I agree with other reviewers that Case s previous novels The Genesis Code, The First Horsemen were better. Having said that, 
CHARMING!!! WARMS THE HEART!!!. Thank you, Robert Elmer, for a charming book. It warmed my heart as I followed the storytelling.......and loved each character.I could almost hear the music from 
an awesome accomplishment. This is an astonishing volume packed with beautiful poems. I honestly cannot think of a better gift for poetry lovers or, indeed, plain lovers or anyone else... 
nice overview of a wide range of topics. i give 4.5 stars.many reviewers comment that this book lacks depth, but hey, it just tries to give a general overview on 
awesomely disgusting. Hilarious look at the life of a scottish police officer with lots of problems and a disturbing life  
This is the best planning guide. After I got engaged, I rushed to the bookstore and bought as many bridal magazines and wedding planning guides as I could find. I 
The best of Bird in brief. Here s a perfect short critical biography of one of the finest and most influential musicians in America s--and the world s--history. The book 
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE IT!. I sat up all night readig this book. It is incredible. I am ordering a copy for both my married sisters. I can t think of 
A true prophet and critic of our times!. Wells is right on with his analysis and diagnostics. While the postmodern, contemporary church will not particularly like his suggestion for change, 
The Germs War Within. My attention to this book is from the author who also wrote Grow Young With HGH , another goood book.Infection Protection gives you inside things that 
critical primer on why liberal economic regimes are superior. THis is a very well argued book on why the global economic regime as dominated by the West is the best 
Amazin and fabulous.Cartoony psychodelia. Griffin. Psychodelic strangness brewwed deep within the boiling pot called the human skull.Vivid, colorfull, other worldly. Deeply profound. A religious expieriance in art form. Cryptic and 
Works For Me. Dr. DesMaisons takes complicated information and makes it easy for the non-scientist to understand. I applied her seven step program to my life and the changes are 
Excellent book on Shaolin Chin Na. The author is a competent Shaolin Martial Arts expert. This has been endorsed by the authentic Shaolin Grand Masters on the website www.shaolin.com and 
The Skidmore saga continues... If you ve watched the news lately, you ve probably heard about Skidmore. It s where the woman was killed and her baby was stolen from 
Starts Slow but gets better and better - stick with it. I m not a Shakespeare fanatic, but I liked the sonnets and plays I read in college and have 
Cool!. Cassidy feels left out. She can t run or kick or swing a bat as well as her friends Jeff and Nina. Feild Day is going to be a 
I think an auspicious beginning to a dog lovers series. I really enjoy The Cat Who series as well as Sneaky Pie Brown , but as much as I enjoy 
Helped me give a great presentation!. Even though I have to give a lot of reports, I was asked to speak to a somewhat larger audience that I was used 
At last! An accessible description. I ve been a Waldorf parent for 4 years and have been pleased with the education and life experience my kids are getting at school. 
Incredible 802.11 book. I tend not to read and review books on as broad a subject as wireless networking. I ve read and reviewed wireless security books like Real 802.11 
The Queen of mean, greedy, grasping bitches. Yeah I see all these women defending Martha Stewart, because basically they think it s OK to be a mean bitch as long 
excellent resource. I ve just started using this book and my students really enjoy it. It gives much room to add your own creative projects to the activity. I have 
If you love the movie you gotta have this book!. School Daze is my favorite film of all-time. You can imagine how pleased I am to have a book about 
Confirms What You Suspected. When I read this book, everything fell into place. Companies need workers, and they need customers. They could pay their workers enough to buy their goods, 
Good book on resource geopolitics. My 13 yo son loves it. We all knew that respources, like money, move the world. And that by explaining the concentration, consumption and need 
If You Enjoyed The Talisman ... If you enjoyed The Talisman, you will probably enjoy this book as well. Like The Talisman, it gets off to a slow start, but 
Ahmed Osman Encourages His Readers To Think On Their Own, A Rarity In The World Of Authors!. I have just recently become a fan of author Osman. While some of 
A wonderful escape to your everday life. Now, having read this second book after Peter and the Starcatchers, I m just in awe again. What a treasure of a series. 
hird time and still charming. What can I say after the third re-reading. The book is lyrical, funny, and informative. And, of course, timely to these days. Principally, though, it 
A quick introduction to the Theology of the Body. As Steve Kellmeyer points out in his introduction, In every age, God has brought forward the weapons necessary to combat error. 
Pretty neat. This certain novel has a really complex plot, very many characters, so it is pretty hard to tell if there s a real centre-character in this book because 
Baldacci at his best. Baldacci once again made me loose track of time during a couple days while reading Absolute Power. His story is so gripping, you can hardly wait 
 Money s a horrid thing to follow, but a charming thing to meet. . When Isabel Archer, a bright and independent young American, makes her first trip to Europe 
We love the big red car. My two year old grandson loves the Wiggles and this book was a really big hit with him. Yay Wiggles!!!  
Doctors are NOT GODS. I finally finished this book much to my daughter s delight. She was here 20 minutes after I called and said I m done, you can 
Though it s not really an Oracle, it s still a beautiful deck. Being a big collector of Tarot and other Oracles and Divination tools, and being a Wiccan who 
Stunning. This book is simply amazing, a real page turner. You can t stop reading it until the last page and then you re left gagging for more. Anyone who 
I found this book to be inspiring and empowering. The authors have done an excellent job of pulling together short biographies of dynamic women some famous and some awaiting discovery 
A book destined to launch a thousand science fiction novels. On the one hand, I don t have a snappy comeback for the fact that computation has been getting exponentially 
Read it for the atmosphere. Aimee Leduc is drawn into the Sentier, home of Paris s Rag and Shag trades, now its Silicon Valley. A former terrorist just released from 
The natural way- effective, experience-based learning. ...it s a solid treatment on the basics of drawing, yet it s not geared towards my main interest: learning to draw from memory.I 
Brilliant SF. I wrote a review of ths book as FORLORN HOPE before I got locked out of that profile. I still catch myself remebering scenes from this book while 
Civilization and it s Discontents. A rare instance of a book on the topic of mind control that is neither sensational or paranoid. Scholarly, yet readable, this is a valuable 
Great. Really, I thought this was a great text. I feel like the layout really made a difference, though I can t say that had I another book I d 
Merchandising practical lessons for US culture. A compelling book,loaded with insightful comments of the way customers responses at the retail world, ideas gathered in many years of experience the author 
Great Taste and Easy to follow. So far I have made several things from this book and cant get enough! I cook for my friends and am always trying to 
Diverse and Sexy. What struck me about this book was the true diversity of each short story. I loved the idea about erotic stories from A to Z, and this 
an architecture page turner. This is an abridged version of the original 3 volumes, but a delightful book -- both for the opinions expressed and the wonderful pomposity with which 
Brilliant writing, original story. This novel is a remarkable mixture of history and imagination. A true work of art, the characters are compelling and jump off the pages to pull 
Best book on Pricing for Sewing For Profit!. I purchased Pricing Without Fear after reading The Business Of Sewing. This book is outstanding! It covered everything that I needed on 
A Collection. Nine Stories is a collection of stories written by J.D. Salinger, that were published in other media before he made his mark in literature. Collected in this popular 
Five Stars nowhere near enough. This work has the Truth of all Great Art. as a Brit, and not an American, may i simply, with classic British understatement, say that 
Fun Read. I really enjoyed this book, although I think twice about going out to eat  
EXCELLENT & HEALING. I bought that book having researched the subject early-on. As a doctor I was extremely interested in the subject. This book actually was the last step I 
Who can resist Adam Dalgleish?. This is an old P.D. James that I had somehow missed when I read her continuously in the mid-1990s. Although I love the James character 
wanna work overseas, read this one. This is a really helpfull book. I suggest that everyone who works with people from other cultures shoule read it. great insight s, good 
Disney Treasures. I absolutely love this book! I love seeing replicas of letters, stories, pamphlets, early drawings, etc. When people come to visit they pick it up and are as 
Arigato Nogami Donno!. What do you do when you stand next to greatness? And? You are possessed of an unassuming wit and courage, strength, loyalty and passion? Why you wait 
A Masterpice From A Brilliant Storyteller!!!. I first read this book when it was released back in 1979 Ah, My Sweet Lost Youth!!! and I was so impressed by it 
If you lost the faith, you are a few pages from finding it!. I am completely sure that every kind of reader will get pleasure from this book; furthermore, I 
Serves One: Simple Meals to Savor When You re on Your Own. A pretty complete cook book. The beginning is really good for beginning cooks. The recipes are basic and 
Awesome and inspirational. This is an awesome and inspirational book, what more can I say  
User-friendly for the classroom teacher. Trained as a reading specialist in the 80s, I have always worked as a classroom teacher. This year I am at a school that has 
from the back cover of the book. Fascinating, funny, romantic, wise... This is a stunning exploration of the American Jewish experience - the heartfelt tale of every immigrant torn between 
Harvard Dictionary of Music. I recieved the book in excellent condition and have poured through it for hours. After a 20 plus year absence from playing music, I decided to 
Very Good Thriller--and as to those complaints... I completely enjoyed reading this book aloud, at bedtime, to my teenage daughter. It was difficult for me, and frustrating for her, to 
Engaging. Between a Rock and a Hard Place was an captivating and engaging read that was hard to put down. Weaving his background experiences together with the story that made 
daughters love this book. My twin dughters are 14 months and they love this book!We have tons of boardbooks, but they are constantly wanting to look at this book.would love 
Every character is fascinatingly complicated. Alexie s intelligent depictions of human nature and the Native American experience have yielded a collection of stories unlike any other. His wit is hilarious, 
concepts on love. Ennobling love explores the gradual transformation on the concept of love in medival Europe. Jaeger argues that, from the early to the later middle ages, the European 
Somewhat dated but still a worthwhile read. This book suffers from dated style and tone. Also, its one of those book where nothing much happens until EVERYTHING happens. Still, the 
Great 1930s classic. Cartmell has done a great service to martial artists by translating this classic text. As he says in the introduction, the photos are still surprisingly easy to 
They Did It All. It s an adventure story; it s amazing American history that has somehow escaped all the history books; it s a case history on leadership, bravery 
Laugh your thorax off!. How does one write a review for a Gary Larson book? With an example: if you ve ever laughed so hard at a cartoon that you 
Practical Steps to Do What You Want. I had the good fortune in the mid 1980s to attend a workshop by Barbara Sher which changed my life. I met a 
Just Do It. This is a book about sexual morality as seen through the eyes of a left wing ideologue. Her main fears are the power of the religious right 
well worth reading. The book offers many good thoughts on raising daughters. Although the book is overtly Christian, an open-minded non-Christian might benefit as well.The only thing keeping the book 
Lovely continuation. It s best to re-read the last book if you haven t recently, as I found the first couple chapters a bit confusing, but then we get to 
Awesome Book A Must Have for any Photoshop User. I have read this book and it is a must have for any type of Photoshop user. The tips in this 
Comprehensive and Infinitely Practical--A Must Buy for Every IRA Owner. Ed Slott s latest book, Your Complete Retirement Planning Road Map provides the most comprehensive, infinitely practical, hands-on set of 
For a multidimensional and modern narrative. Many people think that the word interaction is a XXI century concept related to computers and cyberspace, but it as far as literature goes, 
Lessons for Life. This book has been an excellent source of understanding for me. The lessons learned from this book will enable you to understand what makes you act the 
Take Time For Yourself. Dip into Simple Abundance by Breathnach for reminders to take care of yourself, your mind and soul. There is a different essay for each day of 
THE best book on KM. This is THE best book on KM-one that started the field. Make sure you read this one if you have any interest in knowledge management 
Excellent must have for MJF fans. I was given this book as a present - it had been ordered through Amazon in the States and it took about just over 
Very useful and reasonably up to date. The Dummies folks seem to be able to get it right pretty consistently, and they also seem to be willing to update titles 
Easy to follow, uniquely structured guides to publishing. Everyone s doing it. If you want to succeed in the publishing business, you simply have to take control of your book. 
A very critical look at the age of scientific management. This text deals with the period of Taylor s scientific management and the attempt to apply this method to the 
A must have book for new parents!. I have 3 children, all of whom have benefitted from this book 6 1 2, 5 and 11 months . My first child 
Please doing business with you. Item arrived in exact condition as described and arrived quickly. Thank you  
Better than Same Old, Same Old. As a Catholic, I thought Pence too tough on Catholicism when he advocates paid organ sales against charges of commodifying life but, in the 
Quality Read... I originally had to use this book for a course in bible college called, The Pentateuch . At the time the book was just a textbook -- until 
yes what did happen to Sally. I am currently reading Star signs - I am heavyly into numerology at the moment and find it very interesting what Linda has to 
Please Give Me More!. This has been one of the most captivating books that I have read in a long time. This book captured my interest from page one and 
Clear and concise. An excellent book with good examples and without smoth talk and stupid dedication such as &quot;To my love&quot; or &quot;To lord Jesus Christ&quot; ! . It shows 
Charming, Entertaining and Somewhat Sobering. Burns has produced a fascinating book and demonstrated that alcohol, as well as Americans ambivalent attitudes towards it, has been an important subtheme in American 
Its a book of its kind. At first I was suspecious of the nature of the data given in the book as I, like many other students read the AIT 
VERY ENJOYABLE. I love Doris Kearns Goodwin s work, and this book is no exception. It s very different from her other books, but very enjoyable. It brought me back 
Miles Errant. While all of these three stories have been in print before it was nice to see them together. Lois is one of the best writers out there  
The Exploits & Adventures of Miss Alethea Darcy : A Novel. Well, I expected more romance and a little more detail into each others lives, but over all it was 
Any balanced language-arts program. Accessibly written by an award-winning children s author and former classroom teacher, Voice Whizardry: 36 Discovery Activities To Develop Personal Writing Voice is an instructional guide 
Independent Study Homeschool curriculum. We bought these two books to direct my daughter a little more in her screenplay she was already writing. I have looked extensively and this was 
A Great Introduction to Shakespeare for Kids. I love this book! I have always loved Shakespeare and wanted my children to enjoy the bard as well. I always read these 
Worthwhile but short on detail. This is a good overview of the basics of realistic SF aliens. However, I found it a bit too basic, and wished for more specifics. 
Exceptional Class Material. I read this book as a student for my History of Scientific Thought Class. This text was an excellent addition to the course work that included discussions 
charles de lint-always awesome. I have read just about all of his books, my favorites are still moonheart and his collection of short stories dreams underfoot...and there are all the 
It was fast, suspenseful reading. This was the first of Terri Blackwell s books I have read and I wasn t sure what to expect. I could really identify with 
Explains concepts in an easy to understand manner. How beneficial you will find this book depends on your background. If you are a parent, teacher, or college student trying to 
Looking at things differently. This book is a great guide to help you view the sale through the customer s eyes. It has helped me think about the other side, 
Okay - nothing new. This is okay for a fisherman wanting to learn more about bass fishing specifically. Great for a walleye guy wanting to learn about bass  
A good glimpse of history for children. I thought that this book was a really good book. The best part about it was that it had to do with history. 
They Cage the animals at night. Growing up was hard for me. As the oldest of three, eventually five, with a mon addicted to crack cocaine, I moved from hosue 
The Plot Artist. This book is chronologically the first in the Gabriel Allon series.Chronological Order:1. The Kill Artist2. The English Assassin3. The Confessor4. Death in Venice5. Prince of Fire6. The 
London Mapguide - Great Buy. Good map if you want plenty of detail. Large scale makes it easy to navigate through London. Shows many well known tourist spots as well 
Decent biography, not much philosophy. I enjoyed this book quite a bit. However, there are a few reasons why I didn t give it five stars:1 The writing is decent, 
A concerned and conscienscious genius. Wiener was acutely aware of the promise and the danger of the new technolgies he was helping to invent. He worked very hard during the 
Simply Good Advice. A good read with good advice. So many other so-called advice books pit men and women against each other, like The Rules and Mystery Method for guys 
Opens up door to success. This book has made a huge difference in the way I react, work, play and think about things that come up all the time. The 
The Only Child Custody Resource Book You ll Ever Need!. This book is impressive in both its depth and its breadth. It is a practical how-to book, but it is 
Two Great Stories and Several Decent Ones. Out of the handful of stories in this book there are two classics that make it a must-read for any Heinlein fan. Most 
PROVIDES IMPORTANT GUIDELINES FOR SUCCESS IN A HIGHLY COMPETITIVE MARKET. The author uses Enterprise to uncover critical insights that he distills into clearly stated key points. The essential focus of 
Our Family Has A Successful New Reader!. Our son was rated as an emergent reader at the end of first grade. This rating was not up to school standards for 
A well earned Caldecott. Puss in boots is always an enjoyable tale, probably because it is so based on wit.I really enjoyed these illustrations they are glowing and friendly, making 
A great value. THis book was of great help to us within the first few days after it arrived! I cannot wait to use it all the way through our 
No more wrong men in this woman s life!. I went about my life wondering why men had such power over my life and emotions, despite the fact that I 
Cautious Science at its Best. This book contains a wealth of facts, compiled during Darwin s life on matters which were highly controversial at the time. His prior book, Origin 
 Born to Be Evil :One of the Earliest Scientific Criminology. You are watching a new English translation of Cesare Lombroso s book first published in 1893 in Italy. Lombroso 
A great teaching springboard into a hands-on geometry unit!. I use this book annually to introduce tangrams into my geometryunit. The information from the back of the book adds a 
I finally learned how to do Peyote Stitch!. I cannot express how pleased I am with this book...it provided good wasy to follow directions AND the phoroas were very inspiring 
A children s classic. Peck relates growing up in rural small town Vermont with a best friend who gets him into lots of trouble. Humor and pranks abound in between 
Three authors, 1 CD - Good Highlights. Some people on the reviews complained about the book not just being Covey talking...but if you notice the book is written by three 
A strange allegorical tale of the South Seas. Although on its surface it appears to be a travelogue like his first two books TYPEE and OMOO , MARDI is actually 
wonderful for some lazy summer afternoons. this a wonderful book about childhood, memories and finding one s place in the world; and associating the whole experience in food.my family life 
A must for avid fans of Louisiana music. Rick Koster s Louisiana Music is the first and only guide to the variety of musicians in this southern American state: others 
GILBERT AMERICAN FLYER INSTRUCTION BOOK. REPRODUCTION OF THE 1952 INSTRUCTION BOOKLET FROM A.C GILBERTTHIS BOOKLET COVERS TRACK LAYOUTS,TRACK WIRING,MAINTANCE,LUBRICATION OF CARS TENDERS LOCOMOTIVES. INCLUDES DIESEL ENGINE TRANSFORMER AND OPERATION IS 
Outstanding for a Beginning Landscape Designer. A beginning landscape designer, or one who may be self-taught, will find this book to provide invaluable assistance in using scales properly; applying graphic 
GET A GRIP POST-LITERATE PEOPLE - LEARN TO READ ALREADY!. First of all, if you really need to see the story about as completely as you can understand in your 
A quiet space to focus in a busy world. About three years ago my business coach recommended this book. An avid journaler and reader I figured it was right up 
Excellent, positive, practice book of truths. Read it! This book is filled with true stories that clearly illustrate that being nice reaps huge benefits! Most of us have known all 
An amazing book full of mystery, intrigue, and true-to-life characters. Alison is perfect --- beautiful, witty, smart and popular. The girls want to be her, and the boys want to 
Hardcore. This book is for the people who have been workingout for some time, like a few years and races under thier belts. The advice is layed out nicly with 
Excellent. Usually in deep dark corners of the world that rarely get exposed can you get a good look at the depths of humanity. This book is one of those 
An enlightening book!. Just when I was beginning to feel sorry for the celebrities complaining about being hounded by the gossip rags and paparazzi, I read Hollywood, Interrupted and instantly 
Delightful. Lovely book with beautiful illustrations. It s nice to know that Vegemite is useful for something  
Not as good as the first. I liked this book because it had to do with Galen and because I thoroughly enjoyed the first book. The character development was pretty 
Great beginner s resource. This book is really a fine primer for new jewelry chain makers. There are instructions for four chain weaves including the Spiral and Byzantine weaves. However, 
A helluva guy. But so enigmatic -- some readers think he s irish, some think he s welsh, some think he lives in New Zealand. Actually he s from Yorkshire, 
Very well done... If you are a prescriptive grammarian and cannot depart from your sad, grey world of ironclad rules for the sake of artistic expression, then don t buy 
Code Orange Review. I highly recommend this book to every kid that is 12-18 years of age basically in Junior High to High School kids.It is absoulutely great!!!This book is 
THE PRICE OF GOVERNMENT. This book is the best information guide, to anyone who is a partof their CITY,COUNTY,OR STATE budget system faceing a crisis inthis trying era of our 
My all time favorite next to The Cat In The Hat . This was a wonderful little story and one of my all time favorite read aloud books. The girls 
Great Book. This book is a great guide to the topic of pricing. I m an MBA student and I believe students as well as professionals can benefit from reading 
a rare find. a beautiful and intelligently written book that is actually printed on hemp paper This endpaper is 50-percent hemp 50-percent cotton paper and with hemp-oil-based inks!!!When you pick 
Book report for 5th grade on Blue Jasmine. The following is my 5th-grade daughter s review:Have you ever wondered where you are meant to live? Seema Trivedi has that question. 
Aftermath of the Vatican II Council Fictionalised. I write this as an Asian Catholic layperson.Andrew Greeley uses a mystery genre to express his thoughts on some of the changes - 
legal writing in plain english: a text with exercise. I am satified with the servic  
excellent anthology. The nineteenth annual fantasy and horror collection of forty tales is as always consists of top selections accompanied by seven essays. In the fantasy summation, Kelly Link and 
The Encyclopedia of Ghosts and Spirits. I own the hardcover edition of this book. It has cool artwork on the front and contains almost every haunting documented and everything pertaining 
Jane Austen s First Look at English Society. Most people who have read Jane Austen will have read Pride and Prejudice. With a title like Sense and Sensibility, most readers 
How to do Ethnography and Participant Observation. Inspired by the writings on participant observation by Jack D. Douglas, Danny Jorgensen wrote this timeless handbook on how to do participant observation 
Kids Love These Books. I have purchased almost all of the books written and beautifully illustrated by Iza Trapani for my numerous neices and nephews. They are loved by the 
Take charge of your life. For those with Type 2 diabetes, this book will help you take charge of your life and beat the disease. Contains recipes and menu plans 
A non-tragic tragedy. This whole series is really great, but I must admit I felt real reluctance about tackling this one! I thought that so much had already happened to 
It s really fun to listen to - great story. It arrived in a timely manner and in great shape. It played just fine and I enjoyed every minute of 
great novel. I only want to say: if you like this novel, try to get your hands at the Donkere Kamer van Damocles , The Dark Room of Damocles&quot; by 
You Won t Find Fairytales Any Better. Words cannot describe the fantastic quality of this collection of Arabic literature. But don t get the book just to read the tale 
A dish born in South Carolina and elevated to new heights. Nathalie Dupree s Shrimp & Grits Cookbook presents a dish born in South Carolina and elevated to new heights. 
fields of gold. impossible to put down! a book that both inspires and teaches about the human spirit  
Honbu Dojo Practice. An excellent book, for beginners and experienced practitioners alike. The Authors are of highest grade as is their book; there is simply no contest. A review of 
Great Pictures. I am a huge fan of David doubilet. His photography is amazing and awe inspiring. My only quam with this book is that it is too small. Many 
Desert Scars. Lena Jones has issues with bullets. The first bullet scarred her face when she was a child. The second bullet ended her career as a cop. If you 
Clear, entertaining and simple style... My mother gave me my first copy of this book about twenty years ago when I first started to enjoy classical music. It is an 
Well worth it!. This is a valuable companion to Bastianich and Lynch s book on Italian wines. It s small; we have taken it on our trips to Italy the 
Robinson s Magnum Opus. John J. Robinson has by far surpassed all of my expectations with A Pilgrim s Path, his third and final book dealing with topics dear to 
Ken Druse books all rate a 10!. I not only collect plants, I also collect books by Ken Druse. There are so many garden books out there today, and many 
One of my favorite Arthurian books!. This is one of my favorite versions of the legend, and one I recommend for anyone interested in Arthurian legend. It s the only 
OF MANY COLORS is Extraordinarily Moving and Instructive. OF MANY COLORS touched my heart in so many powerful ways. Reading the moving testaments of the families interviewed - couched in 
The Code of Kings. This is not just an archeological study of some of the most important sites of the Maya world, it is an inmersion into Maya philosophy and 
Enjoyable and I am sure true account of Hollywood parenting. I was happy when reading this book to hear about the GOOD Hollywood mothers, of which Hansen meets a fair 
Politically Correct!. Politically Correct Bedtime Stories is a humorous pun on bedtime stories. Free of any bias, the only thing missing from James Finn Garner s fine bedtime tales is, 
Belle indeed. I picked this book up because the cover featured legs in fishnet stockings and the famous title of Belle de Jour. I expected a fun and flirty diary--not 
Happy parent here!. Momfidence is what comes natural - before we re brainwashed by experts and pressured by the mompetition . Was that a quote from the book, or did 
Informative guide to Season One. Though I had watched the first season of &quot;24&quot; on TV, I made sure to watch all 24 episodes straight through on DVD before I 
FICTION. This book was published in late 1939 by a disaffected minor official from National Socialist Germany. It contains some of the more lurid anecdotes of Hitler s life, supposedly 
Great book. Beautifully told. Heartwarming story about a mothers love... and the love of a mother  
Detailed analysis of killer s minds. This book is very precise and detailed but a bit scattered at times. Very good psychological analysis and details without getting too graphic or 
Bravo Laura Restrepo. Una Colombiana maravillosa...Que libro tan entretenido y triste al mismo tiempo. Resptrepo hace sentir tanto como Marquez el tropico con una historia no menos interesante que los 
Textbook is good, amazon description bad. I had the same experience as another reviewer here Todd who received the 2nd in a series of two texts instead of the 1st, 
really great. I m using my Dad s email to write and let you know this is a great book. I m 13 and was wondering if I should lose 
Outstanding!!!. I received this book as a Christmas gift and enjoyed it so much that I had to ration how much of it I read at a time so as 
An outstanding look into an officer in WWII combat. Out of the many books I ve read on the WWII foot soldier and one with a family member buried at 
Clear as water. I bought this book to help me rebuilt the electrical wiring of my sailboat and it is very helpful! All explanations are short and clear. The numerous 
This is where I came in... Stormy Weather was the first Hiaasen novel I read. I picked up a paperback copy at a remainder sale. Never heard the name of 
Gripping Story. This book brings to life a survival struggle that is often hard to fathom. In addition to the sailors story the author adds interesting information on a variety 
Your choice. Nature s way.Two of the most powerful words in the English language. And yet we believe it is completely unnatural to relinquish our three-squares-a-day mentality. After all, what 
A fine collection of five short stories. Small Circle of Beings shows the members of the Roper family in a house far out of town, at the end of a 
Great collection of short stories with western flavor. These aren t cowboy stories, but you can see the influence of Meloy s Montana life in them. Each story is wildly 
History Brought Alive. This story was so well told it was often hard to remember that is was history and not recent. Gregg Olsen made this story so alive and 
Great Argument. This book is a great example of rational thinking. The way Paley states his argument is flawless, and he uses all the resources available by his time. His 
Too much fun . .. A friend allowed me to borrow this book as he happened to buy it the same day I happened to be reading a short story 
Praise God!. God s word is fabulous, and the NIV study bible is a great way to get in touch, study, pray, and research. The leather cover is nice for 
Lucid and engaging history of Maths. This book reads like a mystery novel. Only that the mystery to be resolved is about the universe and the one seeking to resolve 
Wolfe argues that syntax is not content. Does anyone disagree? Apparently so. This book will humorously inform the reader what painting is not. Read Joshua Reynold s Seven Discourses to 
Great Reading. Best research reading I have ever read. Many things I have been asking about have been for years have been made clear, RecommendHighly. One of the best books 
Just take it!. I have read this book and I thought WOW - all the stuff you already knew ! I mean, I m a real =W= fan and there 
A true page-turner!. The Taking of the King is a great summer read -- or fall, winter or spring for that matter! It s quite suspenseful and yet realistic, a 
Interesting overview of prefab homes, past, present and future. In PREFAB, author Allison Arieff presents an interesting overview of prefabricated buildings, past, present, and future. Yet, I would not recommend 
A Great Guide for Entertaining and Teaching Children. This book is great! A fellow teacher of mine showed me this book that she uses every week for planning her lessons. 
It is a wonderful book ever I read. this is a great PHP book for beginner since the codes is very clear and its easy to read. besides, there has 
The American Project. Walter Russell Mead is the Henry A Kissinger Senior Fellow on US Foreign Policy at the Council of Foreign Relations and the intellectual power that he brings 
Disy. For any reader who has thoroughly enjoyed the Gabaldon Crosstitch Outlander series and couldn t help but adore and admire Lord John Grey then I put to you that 
Dream, Believe, Dare, Do!!. Those four simple words are at the root of the Disney business philosophy, established by Walt himself and carried on by Michael Eisner. I found this 
America s Founders and American Ideals. For much of our history, the leaders of the American Revolution and the framers of the Declaration of Independence and Constitution enjoyed iconic, mythic 
A Vastly Enjoyable Author. Byron York is a masterful writer. The subject matter that he has written about is one that I find rather banal. When I started the book 
Thirty years later, it s still the bible. This is my second copy of Joy of Cooking. I had the 70 s printing, but it must ve gotten lost during 
Easy & Fast!. The title says it all Easy Meals in Minutes . The instructions are easy to follow and each recipe is accompanied by a photo, so you know 
The Master Strikes Again. I remember the movie on Sky some weeks back, and as with all well written books, it knocks spots off the big screen version. Grisham s 
An Epic, A Bible, a Masterwork, . . . and Such a Bargain!. I am someone who has to think twice on which is the business end of a hammer, 
Good for kids of all ages. I bought this book for my daughter 12 years , the Indonesian Language version one, and i read it too. It is a good 
Not Your Upstanding, Altruistic Heracles Here. I positively LOVED this book. It s the first I read in Canongate s Myth series, and I m glad I started with this 
Cloud Mountain. I had to write a few words. Every now and then I hit upon an author that pulls and pushes at your heart. I listen to dozens of 
Immigration and the Death of the American People. Alien Nations states the case.The up date is the minute men.The US was founded by people from Britian.The culture has been of 
Still awesome the second time around!. I originally read What was she Thinking: notes on a scandal about two years ago and it s stayed with me all this time. 
A sweet little gem of a book. I came across We Were There in the new books section of my library. I m glad I picked it up -- it 
Goodfellas meets Boiler Room. If you can imagine a book written that blended these two movies together, bada-bing, there s your book. There s your review  
Simple Yet Effective. I thought this book was great! Slywotzky uses this book as a sort of Cliff Notes to his previous books, all of which are probably the best 
Re Audio version of Long After Midnight. I found the abridged reading of Long After Midnight to be a tense twisty thriller with plenty of action. The reading by Carolyn 
A Nest of Vipers. This is one of the better stories in a superb series. A nice mix of warfighting on the high seas and espionage skullduggery, both of which 
Best book on organizational change available. This is necessity for any personal library! I am a PhD-ABD doctoral candidate and have done vast research on organizational change over the past 
great for theorists, not for lazy sundays. Giddens approach to theory takes functional-structuralism and gives it a diachronic facelift. One of the greatest flaws in structuralism sorry LS is that 
You Can t Look for Answers Without the Questions. I initially planned to buy this book as a conversation starter. Thumbing through it, something interesting happened. I realized that the 
Mrs. Warren s Profession. Shaw does a wonderful job at showing her &quot;job&quot; without having to tell you. It gives it more of an off limits feel for the job 
Excellent book tells the story of a war that changed the world. This is an excellent book that tells the story of the Great War - the war that changed 
Ablow s most flawed novel... After reading all four in the Clevanger series, &quot;Projection&quot; is the weakest of them, but still is a good book. It follows up the events 
Inspirational. This book really helped me understand every aspect in auditioning for musical theatre. Honest to God, with this book I feel I have much a better understanding of what 
Not the Definitive Jock Sturges. The true beauty and power of Jock Sturges work is not found in this, or any other book yet published. I have been a fan 
superior science writing. I love reading science books geared toward non-scientists such as I. Bettyann Holtzmann Kelves Naked to the Bone: Medical Imaging in the Twentieth Century exactly fit the 
Best Loved Book. The Best Loved Doll was the first book I fell in love with as a little girl. Even after I grew up I still remembered this book. 
One person CAN make a difference . . . It took me about 2 weeks to read this book. Not because it was that bad . . .but because it 
drawing lessons from the great masters. was well written, the pictures could be more clearly printed  
Very happy with Donna Hay s recipe books. They are beautiful, they have elegant and -- more important -- easy recipes with an international flair. I am considered a gourmet 
Worth Reading. This book is definatley worth reading if you are interested in learning more about the ancient Meditteranean world. While there are some downsides to the book, they are 
Designers will find everything needed at all levels of the process, under one cover. Paul Schuytema s GAME DESIGN: A PRACTICAL APPROACH is for new game designers as well as 
Mark Twain was not lying or exaggerating. This book is too good to put down, too funny. After traveling that same stretch of the US and living in some of 
Again and Again. Ted Dekker refuses to let you down. Good thing too! Obsessed is another edge of your seat read. Even though there is a whole lot of rage 
Comments on Cay Lang s Taking the Leap: Building a Career as a Visual Artist. I found the book to be well-organized, full of excellent advice and an easy read. 
Interesting. Don t let the size of this book daunt you. It reads as breezily as a 500-page PEOPLE Magazine article.I was never a big fan of Capote s; my 
Get guts!. The text of the book was perfect. It managed to combine technical words with a serious scientific tone with a certain simplicity and straightforwardness that was comprehensible, but 
Excellent, unbiased and well-documented overview. This book was on the syllabus of Professor Zachary Lockman s course on Israel and Palestine at Harvard, where I first learned of it. It 
Paul Shepard s Thinking Animals. The original edition of this book was published by The Viking Press in 1978 I know, because I was its editor , and a very 
Excellent introduction for intermediate players. One warning in advance: Tournament and master players who employ the Bb5-systems in their games will be disappointed by this book, which will bring them 
Outlaw Mountain. An elderly woman is found dead in the middle of a stand of cholla cactus. Sheriff Joanna Brady is called into the case and immediately begins investigating those 
A relatively light, but fun, treatment of history. Will Ferguson s best known work in Canada is called WHY I HATE CANADIANS -- a title only a Canadian could come 
Great book - thorough analysis. This book presents a thorough first analysis of the Columbia accident - Not nearly as thorough as Diane Vaughan s telling of the Challenger accident, 
 Now she pays the price . This is one of my favorite series because it blends two of the genres I like most, fantasy sci-fi and mystery. Nevertheless, I 
Add This to Your Witches Library Cont d . I recommend this book as a companion to the 1529 book The Encyclopedia of Witchcraft and Demonology. New York: Bonanza Books, 
Oh the weather outside is frightful... I once read an article in Horn Book Magazine a review source of titles and articles on children s literature that lamented the millions 
A sneak peek into the world of Academia. &quot;The Decipherment of Linear B&quot; does not pretend to be a novel; it is objective history of the most fascinating variety. Using 
Great Book!. I have been working in the SOX consulting field for over two years and this book is the best reference I have seen; thorough coverage of every major 
Excellent Eye-Opener!. An awesome and informative book especially when read in conjuntion with the companion book His Needs, Her Needs . Love Busters talks about how and why problems start 
Haunting , magical ....like music for the soul.... It s hard to put into words how gorgeous the writing is in this masterpiece. It was like discovering a captivating portrait 
good read for young families. This is a good read for young families first struggling with a new diagnosis of Autism. Also good for families with siblings, with advice about 
Chasing RedBird Book Review. Chasing RedBird by Sharon Chreech is a book that creates a world of imagination and excitement! It is about a middle child girl whos name is 
Why We Need to Remember... The Devil s Arithmetic by Jane Yolen is an excellent book at any time of year, but a great choice to read in honor of 
First Century History is a complete mystery to christians. What most Christians know of first century history is limited to the few gospels that the church in 3rd century created. 
Absolutly Fantastic Product. I had ordered The Silmarillion by J.R.R. Tolkien some time ago. I received it only a few days after I ordered it. The product was in fantastic 
A Book That Exposes, Shatters . . . and Rebuilds; Helped Change My Life!. Other reviewers here have done a great job of describing the contents and layout of Your 
By far the best book on Convection heat transfer. This book is revolutionary. It has clearly dispelled the age-old tactics and misinterpretations most widely presented in books of fluid mechanics 
Comprehensive. The authors do a superb job of covering MIDP in depth, in a very concise format. It s nice to see that they didn t follow the trend of 
Great Book for Law Students. Every first year law student should read this book before they clerk for a law firm. The curmudgeon is dead on in laying out exactly 
The new Godfather. Random House couldn t possibly have picked a better, more talented and spot-on choice to write the sequel to THE GODFATHER. This is a brilliant book and, 
A 5,000-Page Story Begins. In 1783, Ross Poldark, the title character to the opening volume published in 1945 of the magnificent Poldark series, the great undertaking of Cornish writer Winston 
Don t Miss Out On What Others Obviously Have. Let me start by saying I am not just a huge fan of this annually updated guide book, I am an 
Should be in every home and high school libraty. This book is one of those rare gems - truly inspirational and with great practical advice. What made this book outstanding 
Literary pointillism. Amazing writing. Sentence by sentence Flaubert takes you from a point A to a point B that you would deride as ridiculous if you were told that s 
The truth of New Mexico. Fire on the Mountain very vividly describes the actual landscapes and realities of New Mexico. The characters enviroment plays an effective role regulating how the 
The Only book that Matters. In the 1875-1876 football game, Harvard beat Yale 4 to 0. The next year it was Yale s turn to win 1 to 0. In 
what a weird trippy book. well, it is hard to describe this book because it is literally unlike anything i ve ever read. i can t even say that it 
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!. I used this book and scored a 770 on the march 12 sat critical reading section. A massive improvment from my original 580. The most helpful part of 
A good 4. Above the middle; below the top. Quite a nice little book. On rereading I rated it higher than the first time.  
A great book to take on vacation. Although I generally prefer true crime, I took a break with this one and was pleased. Easy reading and moves quickly. A good 
a classic evaluation of the paranormal in trustworthy style. Charles Tart, with a strong academic background electrial engineering, psychology has been diving into the depths of the paranormal many years. 
Lessons from the greatest Maven. Michael Gelb has spent a lifetime studying Leonardo. This book distills the key principles that Leonardo lived by and shows how we too may take 
LM DIARY. IF YOU LOVE THE OTHER DIARIES YOU WILL ENJOY READING ABOUT HER FINAL DAYS. I ENJOYED ALL OF THE OTHER DIARIES BUT THIS ONE IS THE SADDEST. SHE 
THE book to read on how to earn and retain customers. This book provides an invaluable education to any business owner or marketing customer relations professional. You ll learn -- 
Ann Tyler is a Genius. This story, peopled by a truckload of the kind of quirky, vivid characters that are Anne Tyler s specialty, is a gem. Obviously, many people 
Literary Fiction Review. I want to say to Anthony Alred and Wayne Davis that if they wish to review such a grand literary novel they should at least edit what 
beatle fans can really appreciate it. reading this book, as long as you know most beatle songs, will give you a better understanding and appreciation for the beatles. someone let 
A statement on death penalty. Victor Hugo `The last days of a condemned man ; more than a distressing tale, is a social comment at the atrocity of the death 
Thought-provoking, if not entirely convincing, thesis. Prager and Telushkin offer a useful historical survey of anti-Semitism and skillfully refute the most common explanations for the oldest hatred. Where I disagree 
a fan of his fiction...I LOVE HIS NONFICTION. This book is a keep-you-up-all-night read. I received it as a gift on Sunday and by Tuesday evening, I was reading Grisham 
Staying Within Limits. The Birthplace of Country Music Was Not Nashville., September 10, 2006Reviewer: Betty Burks Knoxville, TN - See all my reviewsIn 1998, The U. S. Congress passed a 
basic good advice. the best thing about this book is learning once and for all that everyone needs to find their own way to lose weight and keep it off. 
Never too old to fall in love. A witty, lighthearted book, I could nt put it down.My only fault was that it was nt long enough!!Tears and smiles, this book 
The End Game. An outstanding guide to preparing for your death. A blend of emotional, spiritual and financial topics and approaches. Outlines how to plan ahead, and reduce the burden 
A joy to read. A few years ago, my husband and I began reading out loud to each other in the evenings. There are not many books that can stand 
Good But Leaves To Many Unanswered Questions. It is the future and it is not a good one. The government knows everything about everyone. Everyone except the Batman. When a 
Freaky. We reading Romeo and Juliet at our school. It is a little freaky. I dislike the ending of the book. I do but I don t like Shakespeare s 
Not much heat in this fire. Great Falls, Montana, is surrounded by numerous forest fires. Joe s father Joe is the boy narrator of the story has lost his job 
Running Money: A Hedge Fund Honcho Tells Tech Bubble Tales. Andy Kessler managed a hedge fund from 1996 to 2001 that ranked among the top ten funds in history over 
Concerned Moderate Muslim. An excellent book for someone who is interested in understanding how the mind of an a religious fundatmentalist, extremist, puritan, or a zealot works. The material is 
Brilliant! from a Trilobite collector . I have always loved Trilobites, ever since I found a small fossil on a beach God knows why it was there, but it felt 
UNDERSTANDING ALEISTER CROWLEY S THOTH TAROT BY LON MILO DUQUETTE. I first bought this book because I wanted to know more about the Tarot, but soon found that it was 
Great book for SharePoint Developrs. In April of this year, I put my hands on this book and devoured it right away. This review has had time to stir and 
Wonderful Snapshots. As I rule I do not care for essay collections but I found this book to be completely worthwhile. Starting with a snapshot of his own educational issues, 
Reflection on the Great Senators Teams of Long Ago. Although this book was about the great Senators franchise of the Walter Johnson era that included the Big Train Walter Johnson, 
This is an incredible book. This is an incredible book and I recommend it to anyone, whatever field you are in, you live in this world and may as well 
Best Gardening problem solver you will every get. From amateur to pro, this text of gardening problems, from the most delicate plant and flowers to the most complicated forms of 
Monday or Tuesday: Eight Stories. This book of eight stories by Virginia Woolf shows Virginia s mind at work demonstrating her &quot;stream of consciousness.&quot; Each story flows from one thought 
i feel great!. I enjoyed reading parts of this book and look forward to reading it in more detail  
Meaning becomes clear. About icons and their meaning I already had and read a lot in the Russian language, but until now I didn t have content and illustrations in 
A Bad Time for Motherhood. I have been a fan of J.A. Jance since I met her in a bookstore browsing through the mystery section. She convinced me to try 
Everybody should read this book. This book provides an excellent viewpoint on physical problem solving by &quot;thinking outside the box&quot;. I provides great approach to setting up all types of 
One of the funniest books I have ever read. One of those rare books that consistently leaves the reader in tears of laughter albeit at someone else s expense .I 
Not the original!. Important... Please note that this book has been rewritten for a very young audience by Christine Rose. This is not the book as it originally appeared  
Discover Mosley. If your new to the genre of mystery thriller and would like an author whose words grab you from the first sentence, Walter Mosley is your guy. A 
Environmentally Aware!. This book is a fascinating way to help children connect with the natural world while teaching important environmental concepts. It comes with a guide to use the book 
This is the way it was!. This book contains 27 articles written by the very best western history scholars that are working today. All articles are well written and well 
An introduction that does a great job. This book is part introduction to the Dead Sea Scrolls, and part overview of the texts and the work done by scholars since 
USEFUL!!!. A very useful book for anyone considering building their own Shoji Screen or just wanting to know more about this subject. The images would have been better in colour 
Shantaram. This book is great. You feel like you are there with him while he does all that happens in this book. I don t want to say to much 
LITERATURE LITE: ALL THE BIG WORDS, NONE OF THE SUBSTANCE. This book is the literary equivalent of paint-by-numbers. You know how when you see a comedian totally bombing on stage, 
To get a room of one s own. Woolf s argument that a woman must have money and a room of her own if she is to write fiction, holds 
Wheel of Time, Book 9. In Winter s Heart, Rand is on the run with Min, and in Cairhien, Cadsuane is trying to figure out where he is headed. Rand 
Useful study of the terrorist network. This is a good study of Al Qaeda, a criminal organisation whose modus operandi is the murder of innocent civilians. Some relevant background: in 
The Best Piece of Canadian Literature. The Mountain and the Valley ranks among the top five of my favorite works of literature. I first read this book 20 years ago 
Effective. Basically a polemic against Christianity in favor of Islam. The book is well-researched and remains consistent in its argument until the end. This argument is basically that for a 
First Nora Roberts book, really enjoyed it... Well this was my first Nora Roberts book and I just ordered two more. It was very intriguing, I couldn t put in 
Good book, but need solid background to understand. Overall this is a good book for learning transport phenomena, however, if you are lacking in some of the fundamentals fluids, heat, 
There are always stars. I requested my school librarian to purchase a book in memory of my sons grandmom. How delighted I was to read her choice and how appropriate 
An Integrated Approach to Personality. This extraordinarily well-written book encompasses an integrated approach to personality and its complexity. Needless to say, the field of personality is extremely intricate and dynamic. 
Draws children into book to answer their questions. One of my favorite pairs of writers and illustrators for Christian children s books is Larry Libby and Corbert Gauthier. Larry seems 
Review of the Gibbon the Decline and Fall Volumes 1-3. Extremely through, thought provoking analysis of the key events that occured under each Roman Emperor over the period 180 - 
The Pride of Green Bay, Wisconsin. Maraniss writes this book in an entertaining way. The beginning is a little slow, but it keeps building and building as you read. The 
Heavenly. Reading the book made me smile, laugh and even gave me goosebumps. If you love the tv show, you ll enjoy the book  
Basquiat wasn t afraid to be his own man. This is a great book with many of Basquiat s paintings and drawings. It also has various essays by art critics 
Very helpful adjunct cognitive therapy. This book was recommended to me when I went into a major depressive episode subsequent to job loss. I m only part way through the 
Excellent Behind the Scenes Look at A Favorite Novelist. Having read Amy Tan s novels and being a big fan of her novels, I often found myself wondering what was 
great companion to Fountainhead. This book really helps a reader see &quot;the big picture&quot;. I read it when I was about 60 of the way through the book when I 
Really changed my outlook!. This is probably the best self-help happiness book I ve ever read and I ve read many. Some readers could be dissapointed because there s not 
Full of Fun. After devouring all of Janet Evanovich s Stephanie Plum books, I was left wanting more from this fun author. I found a new series that Evanovich wrote 
Translations. To those who criticize this translation, so what?1 What survives translation is the poetry and 2 You say that the German is so much better, where is your proof?You 
A Terrific Story. I was surprised by some of the online reviews here that gave this book low marks. Enough has been said about the theme of the story, so 
comphrensive and to the point. Thanks God, for doctors like Abram Hoffer. His book s have given me great insight into the true nature of schizophrenia. My son may one 
Think of solutions rather than focusing on the product and the value of this book increases. Two disclosures: 1 I have known the author for several years, both as a 
Wonderful book!. Winnicott is so right on with his observations, and in this book his thoughts are accessible to anyone who is interested in learning about how children experience the 
Nice change of pace. In the previous books of the China Bayles Series, Susan Albert did a good job of using the lovely Hill Country of Texas as her setting. 
In the era of H5N1-brand Avian Flu, an especially chilling tale. In the era of Avian Flu, the First Horseman is a chilling tale. The reappearance of the 1918 Spanish 
XX Century Science and the men who made it happen.... This book summarizes the life, adventures and discoveries of some of the best brains in the first half of the 
Safe At Home. Doris Kearns Goodwin took a break from national history to get personal in this 1997 memoir of her experiences growing up a Long Island girl in the 
CEO Tools:The Nuts-n-Bolts of Business for Every Manager s S. Having access only to the Table of Contents and one page of text, I believe that this book addresses the 
Wilt s era and big night. This is a fascinating read about one of the most charismatic personalities to play basketball on the professional level, Wilt Chamberlain. Although the book 
One of the best I ve read. I had no idea what this book was about when I bought it. It was years ago now, and I was given a 
Marriage saver. This book was a huge help for me. My husband wanted a divorce which came as a shock. My therapist recommended this book for us. It contains a 
To Play The Game You Pay The Price. When Edith Wharton published THE AGE OF INNOCENCE in 1920, she was writing of an age from her youth, one that had 
Not as good as other S&S CDs, coverage limited. Prof. Dressler is decent to listen to, but the overview given was too narrow in scope to be of much use 
I couldn t put it down. I confess that when I first picked up this book, I had no intention of bringing it home with me. Who wants to read 
A classic. &quot;Naming and necessity&quot; is a collection of three lectures held at Princeton by Saul Kripke in 1970. So much has been written about this book that hardly any 
Obviously a Classic. &quot;This is the basic difference between the leader and the organizer. The leader goes on to build power to fulfill his desires, to hold and wield the 
This is my FAVORITE COOKBOOK!. I LOVE to cook, I HATED ancient crockpot recipes. They are so bland. I bought this for myself back when I didn t have a 
awesome book. I was in kindergarten in the late 1980 s when I read this and it s still my favourite kids book till this day. I envied moira for 
The premier introduction to professional baseball. Now in a significantly updated and expanded third edition, Baseball For Dummies by Baseball Hall of Fame player and ESPN analyst Joe Morgan in 
Mixture of Love and Adventure. A mixture of love and adventure fill the pages of Love in the Driest Season.Neely Tucker, an American reporter, tells the story of how his 
They Rode Past A Great Many Turnip Fields... This is my second favorite of all Gorey tales, behind only The Doubtful Guest. The story concerns Embley and Yewbert, who, after 
Not an origami recipe book. Dr. Lang delves into the hows and whys of origami design exploring origami the way Alton Brown explores food and cooking.The instructions for creating beautifully 
Not just a tips and tricks book. Barbara Salsbury packs her book with a lot of useful information. She doesn t write about how to choose the freshest produce or 
Spiritual Astrology: Your Personal Path to Self-Fulfillment. Good book, but not for the laymen. A great read though that is very informative  
A taut exercise in psychological terror. This is another incredible book by Koontz which I found very difficult to put down.The story revolves around Susan Thorton, waking in a hospital 
Susan Ashley, Ph.D. Author of The ADD and ADHD Answer Book. As a child psychologist who deals with the most difficult of children I save Try and Make Me when 
Great. I received this book in perfect condition as promised and received it in time. I would order agai  
delightful. I found the story and subtle yet obvious revelations of the green carnation to be a tantalising glimpse into the subtlety of sexuality in the eighteen hundreds. I recommend 
A grown-up tale of wonder & humor. Rebeccasreads highly recommends WITH for a scary, heartwarming & wonderful grown-up fairy tale set in the Ozark Mountains, in which a man bent 
excellent novel about anti-semitism, politics. Yakov Bok is a humble Jewish fixer carpenter living in Russia in 1910. He leaves his small village and moves to Kiev, looking for work 
Useful history. A useful history of the last days of Soviet rule and the early days of democracy in Russia, told through the stories of several, mostly prominent individuals. It 
Strong Willed Child. Best book for understanding the workings of a strong willed child s mind. It really helped me see why they so often seem to choose to do 
Motown &amp; Didi. this amazing piece of litaraure writen by Walter Dean Myers is an extrodinary view of the dicrimination involved in city life, and will be a good read 
playing with large toys. Were there ever six months like these?Present at the creation - and barely after the deluge - Britain s David Loyd George, France s George Clemenceau, 
Not Quite Faust. The edition I read was the original Discworld story illustrated by Josh Kirby--however, this version was only published in Great Britain I purchesed it on-line from the 
Word Matters. This was a book that I needed for school. It arrived quickly and was exactly what I needed  
VAn Gogh & Friends: Art Game. Beautiful card game, BUT the best is the enclosed art book that tell about the style, color, texture, description, etc. at a level children 
A must for serious students of Chinese religious history. This is simply an excellent volume, a solid overview of one thousand years of Daoism from THE expert on the Shangqing 
Well written and absorbing. Although the subject of Dew s novel is well-trodden territory-- a husband and wife, temporarily separated, re-evaluate their marriage and their conceptions of each other-- Dew 
A Scientist with a Heart!. Itzhak Bentov s Stalking the Wild Pendulum should be required reading...not for high school or college students but rather the corporate funded materialist scientists who 
Practical Function Point Estimation. The book is a great asset to those who want to learn and apply FPA method. I am amazed how well the authors have covered almost 
Simply Superb. This bestseller is an outstanding resource for trainers, facilitators and anyone who wants to add zest to meetings  
A very nice kids adults crossover book. I always find it immensely pleasurable to come across writers who can effortlessly write for audiences which cut across age groups. Rushdie s 
A very Novel Cookbook. Buy it to read!!!. `Glorious French Food by leading culinary educator, James Peterson may be a true lost classic, in the cookbook world similar to `The 
a really weird book. this book pulls you in the first 50 pages with a really disgusting opening first few pages. after the first 100 pages, the next 300 pages 
Not just for 12 Step-ers!. I was given this book by a friend who saw me going through some difficult times. This book is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!! The words you find in 
Great book. This is a excellent book for an entry level copywriter or a copywriter looking to go freelance  
thought-provoking. Steve Taylor manages to come up with a seemingly obvious but until now neglected theory about human nature and the development of civilisation. He analyses not only where we 
Good book for Serious Chemical Engineers. I wish I had this book before I took my CHE Modeling class or CHE Fluids class. It s a pretty good book at 
Well written... I love this book. It reads like a diary and you feel what she was experiencing through her descriptions of the areas and emotions of the people around 
Feminists: Read this book!. This book exposes the fear that is at the heart of the modern reproductive rights movement: fear of female reproductive power. We need a women s 
Who knew grandmas wore thongs?. Thanks to her broken down RV Ivy Malone, that spunky little old lady, has found herself stuck in the town of Hello. Her and her 
Dancing in The Flames. I love Marion Woodmans insight! This is an easy read for Marions work, yet no less profound! If your interested in deep personal transformation Marion Woodman 
One of the most entertaining of Shakespeare s comedies. As with all of Shakespeare, the concept of love at first sight is given far too much credit, but other than 
Fat Cat on a Bat Mat. I heard Becca Wilder tell Liz Goldman that she thinks you are on your way out . That sentence was a horrifying statement to 
This book is fantastic. I m currently in seventh grade and just finished reading this story for a English assignmentMy entire class loves it, and it really does get into 
Great Self-Help Success Book for Christian Women. The Confident Woman is a great book for Christian women who feel a calling to do more in their lives regardless of their 
Pleasent surprise. Great book! A must for any fan or aspiring animator. I found the book an enjoyable read and full of info. If cartoony characters and zany expressions are 
Lots of beautifull pics and great info!. It s really amazing the amount of pictures with full details! I found it lovable! The weird feathers they have and the 80s 
Another Great Maestro Text!. Maestro covers the period of Colonialization in an inclusive manner. I feel that she did an excellent job of including multiple perspectives of all people involved 
Guide to a Well-Behaved Parrot. I have to say this is one of the more useful books [...] It gives a great overview on parrot behavior, care and the differences 
Faaaabulous!. Easy recipes to follow... delicious information for both the kitchen and the bedroom  
Good History and a Great Character Study. McCullough s biographies and histories are among the best available, combining superb scholarship with easy reading, and this history of the Brooklyn Bridge 
Laughed hard enough that I shouldn t have been driving!. Great stories of the guys vs gals and a wonderful throw in on a college students response to a candidate 
Excellent resource !. Yes. I do agree that the c makes things a bit sticky if one is already used to the traditional sigma I still write out my words 
Future of marketing... Caveat - I see most things from a marketer s prospective, hence, I read this book in that context. I think the ideas of Prahalad and Ramaswamy 
Start Spreading the News... This book was much more than I had expected. Thinking that it would be more autobiographical, I was pleasantly suprised to find that it was really 
Serious. Possibly our greatest American author on aging and death. Not one of his best for me, partly because the subject matter isn t easy. However, completely absorbing  
Good book for people starting in IT Project management. I m very new to Project management. This book was written in a clear structure and easy to understand  
Again and again and again!. I don t why they bother giving the Nobel Prize for literature to the bleak plays of Harold Pinter 2005 or the dreary novels of 
The ultimate zombie flick. This is the one. And I shouldn t even limit it to that genre: this is one of the must see horror movies of all time. 
Awesome Book for Primary Teachers. Fountas and SuPinnel have written a book that has all the answers to any questions I have ever needed regarding teaching reading with groups. I 
Detailed and Exciting. When I started reading this book, I had a bit of difficulty with some of the nautical terms and some of the marine lingo. My lack of 
A Pleasing Valentine & Fine Introduction. `The Old Ball Game serves as a fine introduction to its subject, which is John McGraw, Christy Mathewson, the New York Giants, and to 
A remarkable text. There have been so many good reviews of this text, adding more praise seems enough. Other reviewers have given brief summaries of what Sefer Yetzirah is about. 
Inspiring Stories. I was a little put-off because Mr. Ziglar sounds a lot like a televangelist, but once I got used to his accent and speaking style, I got over 
Best book available. I am a veterinarian, doing my residency in poultry medicine. This is by far the best book ever written about diseases of poultry. I have the enormous 
Great book, a must have. This book is outstanding in explaining the kinetic mechanistic aspect of reactions and the study of mechanisms in organic as well as in inorganic chemistry 
Excellent Pictures. This book is great. I would not consider myself a bird watcher but we have a bird feeder outside and it s interesting looking the birds up in 
Going To Pot s . Well, I was going to entitle my review, Contain Yourself, but I can see that s actually a real title of a container gardening book. 
Great artwork. Great artwork book inspired in Lovecraft and as such is not for everyone s taste since the imagery is... well... lovecraftian dark, frightening, even disgusting sometimes  
Must read if you have a teenager. I have an acting up teenager daughter, I have a lot of problems with her. I try to learn to be a BETTER 
A great book about a great civilization. I was truly enlightened while reading this book. Not only did it give me new information, but it also got me interested in 
Well written, colorful, informative, and important. This wonderful book was recommended to me by a dear friend who is a professor of economics at the University of Michigan. I purchased 
A perfect sampler for the avid reader. Gumbo is a collection of short stories and excerpts of novels by African American writers. In this anthology, there is something for everyone. 
Pretty Well Done. I think C Programming for the absolute beginner is fairly well written and contains some good examples. The challenges aren t all games, and some of them 
Good old days today. I first read the Social Contract back in college. Then, it was but one piece of philosophy political writings out of many. I ran across the 
Playing at Murder. Ripley s Game by Patricia Highsmith, opens with the following sentence: There s no such thing as a perfect murder...That s just a parlour game, trying to 
an engaging read for students and non-native speakers alike. This book offers an engaging way for students as well as proficient, but non-native speakers of English to grasp the subtle 
EJB 3 Thoroughly Explained. This book provides a very thorough coverage of EJB 3. The authors clearly explain each element of EJB 3 and then provide an example in code 
Spooky. Entertaining. Good read. I loved this book. Hard to read it alone at night, especially if you are the only one in the house. A great horror book! Classic 
Wow!. I bought this book with out knowing anything about it, and by the time I finished it, I was captivated by the author s writing skill! This is the 
Well Done!. Dr. Brand does a very thorough job of researching high quality places to retire. He includes many clear charts and provides lots of information in a variety of 
Among Hillerman s Best. First published in 1973, DANCE HALL OF THE DEAD was and is still considered among the best of Tony Hillerman s Joe Leaphorn novels, a series 
It s easy to understand, just ask questions that frighten you. Ask yourself:Who killed ArchBishop Oscar Romero?How many US mercinaries are there in Saudi Arabia or the Middle East in 
A Real On-The-Job PM Tool. Finally, the PM profession has a follow-on to Linn Stuckenbruck s &quot;The Implementation Of Project Management: The Professional s Handbook.&quot; Lew and Dave have packaged 
A Book about America more than it is about Vietnam. The title of Halberstam s book should clue the reader in to his focus. The Best and the Brightest s 
A good continuation to but not as good as the Artists Way. This is a nice continuation of the Artists Way program, but will not be as effective without having 
Kinsey in the Seedier Side of LA. Sue Grafton continues to keep the reader entertained in her alphabet series with H IS FOR HOMICIDE. Her unique writing style is more 
One of the best books i have read. beautifully written, this book is useful for anyone studying any kind of martial art or any art where high level of skill 
brings it all together!. This is a fantastic book for med school physiology, especially if you find lecture boring and need a book to bring the dry material into a 
Great for those interested Renaissance Venice. This is a great book for people interested in the lives of the upper classes in Renaissance Venice. It can be a dry read 
Very Informative. I found this book very informative and comprehensive in answering my questions and concerns with my trees and how to care for and protect them. I highly recommend 
Fantastic resource for parents!. Wonderful collection of commentaries and suggestions for selecting videos for those rainy days with the kids. I used a highlighter to mark the movies we should 
It is a great book. it is a great book if you had some basic course in probability before  
A very pleasant read. Here, the old dragon has lost alot of his fire, but he still writes very pleasingly. I m 45, and I can relate to the diminished 
Great Insight!. I found this book be very motivating and encouraging. It showed through real examples of trial error how to truly make your ministry the best hour of a 
Best book on Photoshop CS2!. Between the thorough coverage and the authors insights, this book can t be beat. I m a photographer and graphic designer, and I wouldn t 
Best Book I ve Read on This Topic. I ve read so many &quot;self-help&quot; books, I could have been a Therapist if I d had my head on straight! This 
EXCELLENT CHOICE. This book was so excellent anbd inspiring. I loved it and learned so much from it. I would recomend this book to anyone. It is so real and 
Important book for healthy living. Reviewed by Danielle Feliciano for Reader Views 5 06 In Recapture Your Health, the authors have given the reader the power to take control of 
Trying to make it work the second time around. Alison is invited to join an unofficial club of second wives after her wedding reception to Luca is rudely interrupted by 
One of the very best!. I have read other accounts of the Mixica, most notably by Michael D. Coe, but none of them hit upon the complexity involving the meeting 
Conspiracy Facts not Theory- The Title Says it All. Perloff s Shadows of Power is a fact based account of the real power behind the American political system. The CFR 
Important Book. Love it or hate it, the South, and Mississipi in particular, looms large in the identity of America. &quot;The Most Southern Place on Earth&quot; does an outstanding job 
Like a Car Accident.... You think that the children will be better off now that they are in an orphanage. But beware... it only gets worse for the childen that 
insight into Franzen. This collection of essay includes ruminations by Franzen on topics as diverse as cigarettes, prisons, and the demise of serious literature.What I liked about it was the 
Pleasing for many hours!. I want to begin by saying I am only halfway through this novel. I started reading it only two days ago and it is such a 
So Good, I ve Read it Twice. This simply is a terrific book. The author skillfully weaves an analysis of the diplomatic and military aspects of the 1967 War into 
Couldn t put it down. I loved this book and literally read it in 2 days because I had to know what was going to happen next. Enjoy!  
A Modernist Masterpiece. I read The Waste Land and find that most poetry that comes after it is self-indulgent, limpid nonsense. The Beats? Who are they? Rubbish, all of it. 
Great children s book to teach about handling money!. I remember when I was in third grade, I would go to my grandmother s house and ask for her to 
for nice guys hoping to change their situation. I read this book as a beginning text, and I think it s useful for those people who are lulled into the 
Hubby Dub Just Loves when I Cook from this Book. Seven years ago my husband Dub and I sailed into Wangarai Harbour in New Zealand. On our way in I 
Very Informative. Great book. Paints a clear picture of the decade of greed with its characters. Seems relatively unbiased. Although it depicts Dennis Levine as an idiot. The major problem 
The real importance of the Encyclopedie comes to life in this history of its controversies. What was the real significance of the Encyclopedie by Diderot and d Alembert? Many will 
great book. I am a beginner an I found this book very easy to follow. I would recommend it to anyone wanting to learn how to play the blues  
Excellent. I picked this book up from the library at school to explain the underlying principles of microwaves in simple terms. My professors always seem to think that the student 
Great book for cat lovers. I bought this book and 101 Salivations for my mom for Christmas. She loves both of them and looks through them regularly  
My Type of Read!. Five Quarts is an interesting overview of medical history as it pertains to the circulatory system in general and blood in particular. Mr. Hayes examines not 
DON T GIVE UP!. For those who have been down-sized, transferred, re-located, dismissed or trained for a job which disappears because of corporate re-structuring, or those just eager to achieve 
FINALLY: High-Tech Discussions on Wine. I am in the wine trade and a MW student. This book compiles some very high-tech arguments on various topics in an organized, compelling, and 
Complete Dog book review. My husband is a dog show judge and has been looking for this book. As always, Amazon has what I need. This book is 2 yrs 
Excellent surprise!. THIS WAS MY FIRST NORA ROBERTS READ! WHAT A GREAT ONE IT WAS. THE CHARACTERS ARE WELL DEVELOPED AND I FELL IN LOVE WITH KELSEY AND GABE.IT SATISFIED 
Hit the Road of Success. This book was about Chloe, Laura, and Allie. These 3 teenage girls have formed a band called Redemption and in this book they are on 
The next best thing to seeing history in action. Mission Raise Hell: The U.S. Marines on Choiseul, October-November 1943 is a narrative history of the 2nd marine Parachute Battalion s 
Exactly what it says...a crash course. No you won t learn everything you need for the AP exam. Actually, you won t really learn much at all. However, it helps 
The Wide Window. In the Series of Unfortunate Events isn t ahappily ever after kind of story. There are three regular children:Violet, who loves to inventKlaus, who loves to readand 
Review of the Gibbon the Decline and Fall Volumes 1-3. Extremely through, thought provoking analysis of the key events that occured under each Roman Emperor over the period 180 - 
Prefab. Prebrication was the holy grail of modernism: the ideal way to rationalize the building process, achieve economies of scale, and bring good design to the masses. Sadly, the only 
Maybe my favorite. It s really hard to say that one Kinsey Millhone book is my favorite, but it might be this one. I love the Hannah Moore persona and 
Marvelous! A not to be missed book. The writing is superb, a delectable treat. You can almost feel the author s reaching out to the reader to share in the 
Stay single, stay liquid, and travel as much as possible. Former flight attendent Elliott Hester takes a leave of absence after the events of 9-11 and opts to take his 
Daylight and fresh air to a man trapped in a coal mine. Study and believe only those teachings that speak directly to your soul. These words are daylight and fresh 
An important and interesting study. I really learned a great deal from this book and would recommend it to anyone-- gay or straight-- who is interested in the topic of 
Mama Dip s Family Cookbook. As in the first book, this also is fun reading and even more fun making the recipes. Definitely recommend this for you all if you 
Excellent Brief Encyclopedia of Turkic Peoples. It is a good and brief source of information, sometimes, quite detailed about the history of turkic-speaking people from the ancient to modern time. 
Very good. I got this book out of the library. I liked it so much I bought 2 copies. One is for me, the other for my daughter  
One of my favorite Joe Campbell books . Over the past few years I ve become an avid Joseph Campbell fan, my only regret is that I didn t have 
Good God Almighty!. John Krakaur is a genius when it comes to making nonfiction read like fiction. By far the best at doing this that I have read. This book 
Offends the irrational Republicans... Did you know that there was a plan for occupying Iraq? This plan was hatched in 1998. But President Bush ignored it because the neocon cabal 
A Book To Encourage All!!. This book, even though it is fiction, with true history mixed in for good measure was very inspiring! Everyone I had listen to it, loved 
Powerful story by first author with breast cancer. This book was written by a 33-year old with breast cancer. It has a fast-paced, captivating plot. The protagonist s transformation at 
Generic book on new age spirituality. Based on A Course in Miricles, Dr. Jampolsky presents a general feel good book on spirituality. It does lack depth and has a simple 
Focus on China. This books offers a comprehensive overview of the China vs. World Western industrialized hemisphere dynamics. Fishman intentionally does not get into the guessing game of Middle East 
Back to the House of Health. There are many great recipes for people that need some new ideas. They taste fanfastic. Very easy to follow, Kathy, Richland W  
Laughs, Therapy, &amp; English Lit 101 in one book. The authors know their literature. They are witty and opinionated, but kind and amazingly well informed. The book is equal to 
The path toward understanding the universe. I found this book easy to read and understand. It was exciting to follow the line of possessors of the Archimedes file, the events 
LOVE IT!. I just Love Karen Kingsbury!!! All of her books are wonderful! I really really can t wanit until the next one come s out! These book make s 
The Tracker. It is important to know that even though this book may seem fictional, in truth, Tom Brown s account of his early childhood, The Tracker, is a non-fiction 
Making Men Scream in Our Name. This comprehensive and current compilation makes clear that our government has sanctioned practices not only outlawed by international conventions against torture, to which we 
knitting marie. I fell in love with this book. If you are looking to try new things on a smaller scale such as cables, Fair Ilse etc this is a 
Faster Than Therapy. This book made me realize how boundary issues screwed up so many of my relationships. I wish I d read it years ago; I would have saved 
Simple Trading Ideas Really Are Best. Adam theory is basically correct...all that matters is price. The secret of success in the markets is to buy when a stock or commodity 
Couragous Novel; Lawrence is still right about sex. People are often confused about sex, not only when this novel was written, but even in this seemingly oversexed era.DH Lawrence wrote 
A best-seller forever. The emminent Andrei Kolmogorov wrote the first version of this book by compiling his lecture notes in the 1940 s. The overall text of this book dates 
The Male Sexuality. The best book on male sexuality. Truthful and very informative. Any man needs this book to fully understand their own body and a woman s. Great book 
A Must Have!. What a great read! Wong has done it again. If you are a serious blackjack player, or you think that you may want to become one, then 
Excellent read. When I first got this book, I wanted to put off reading it because it s kinda long. Nothing I haven t done before, but school was going 
Give Them Wings. First Steps in Teaching Creative Dance to Children is an excellent tool for the aspiring dance teacher. Mary Joyce prepares the beginning dance instructor and offers innovative 
Olson Sundberg Kundig Allen Architects. In a characteristically perceptive and graceful introduction, Paul Goldberger suggests that the world has caught up with the good sense and refined sensibility of this 
A HISTORIAN S PERSONAL VIEW OF 20TH CENTURY CRISES. Gerda Lerner, one of our most important historians, has written a magnificently honest and perceptive autobiography. She takes us through her 
Locating and engaging one s own energy sources. The Five Wisdom Energies: A Buddhist Way Of Understanding Personalities, Emotions, And Relationships by Irini Rockwell Director, Five Wisdoms Institute is a 
A nonstop page turner!. When I began the book, I thought it would be slow going because it was written about 100 years ago. I was SO wrong! I finished 
Just Read It!!!. This book is well written and it moves at a wonderful pace. I was so sad to put it down when I finished it. If you had 
Good Information. This is very good information that is to follow. He has done a good job on focusing on wellness and how to achieve this. I like most because 
a new found love with the crockpot. i have tried a few recipes so far and totally love it! they are really easy and the food tastes awesome. friends are 
Don t Be A Loser!. This book had such an impact on me that I signed up for his 39 month newsletter just to gain more of his wisdom. Don 
Brings me back to the homeland. There isn t a book that explains Philippine cooking as comprehensive and interesting as this. Recipes are very good. I tried making the pan 
What a fantastic story!. This story was fantastic. The recipes sound out of this world and the story is very entertaining and full of fun facts. I loved our herione 
Wow!. This book transformed everything I had in my head into my classroom. I was inspired-motivated and could not put it down. I raved about it to my co-workers and 
Smart, Funny and Has a Cute Cover. As observed by Amazon, customers who are interested in buying and reading this book will almost certainly be into Meeting Sexy Local Singles. 
It only starts to make sense on the second read. As background, I listened to the unabridged audio version. 1 After I finished the first read, I was disappointed. Then 
History lesson in an interesting format. If you are from the Bay Area, you have to read this one! Not to take anything away from the Pulitzer prize winning and 
A Season for War. Silver May Tarnish 2005 is the fourth Fantasy novel of the Witch World Chronicles. In this novel, the Hounds of Alizon invaded the Dales of High 
a gripping ethnography. Giving birth to a healthy human being and watching it grow into personhood is something most Americans take for granted. Many cultures the world over see the 
My favorite Arthurian retelling. This is an amazing, gorgeous little gem of a book, with surprisingly complex characters and shades of moral ambiguity for a YA book or a lot 
One of my all-time childhood favorites. I m hoping that The Hotel Cat will soon join the other Cat Club reissues. Somewhere over the years I lost my original copy 
Finding your Tao. This is a wonderful book for those not interested in deciphering the English translation, which can be most difficult. It is straight forward, with all the information 
If only more people espoused this type of attitude toward wine. It is so nice to find someone so down to earth, realistic and at the same time picky about 
My Favorite Trilogy!. I loved all three of these books, it s amazing how close you can feel to people that don t even exist. This book has it all, 
It looks boring, but is isn t. This is a collection of essays on the presidency. It doesn t look like an interesting book, but many of the pieces are 
Fantastic Book!. I have absolutely loved reading this book! It was sad to end it,I did not want to let go of the wonderful characters created by Anne Easter Smith. 
The best book I ve read in a long while. I CAN T believe there was a reviewer who said it was boring ! I have bought this book at 
Dreams of Flying. You have to be of a particular bent to appreciate this guy, or not. Maybe any kind of bent will do when you are open minded enough 
My God I loved this book- It was life altering. I just wanted to take the time to review this book since it is a gift I give to so 
Informative and Thought-Provoking. Excellently researched and very well written. William Henry has done his homework on this subject. I was fascinated with some of the facts that he uncovered. He 
In-depth Perspective of The NYPD. Mr. Silverman does a wonderful job here. The author makes a very complicated subject easy to understand and read. Silverman brings you right into the 
A wonderful book. Daring to Dream is the first story in the Dream Trilogy. It focuses on Margo Sullivan, the daughter of the Templeton s housekeeper. Margo s best friends 
Pam Book Club Sin Nombre . Our book club in Cancun read it for April. We can be a critical group, but this one received nothing but praise from those 
My son loved it!. My son, who only usually reads Manga books, loved this one! Patterson, of course, is one of the masters of suspense and action. My son loved 
From another author. Let me start by saying that I m a dedicated fan of this genre. That means of course that I ve read Lustbader, Trevanian, Eisler, and now 
Completes this often skipped chapter of WWII. What do you know about the Battle for the Philippines? Like most, you probably know that: 1 The Japanese invaded, 2 There were 
Good Introduction to Multi-Track Recording. Basic Multitracking is a good primer for recording. It is truly what the title indicates BASIC. This can be a good thing for those of 
This is a fascinating look at Canal construction life. Harry Franck presents a delightful and highly entertaining look into the past and culture of the Panama Canal Zone. I thoroughly 
Ha ha ha Jeter sucks. I endorse any book that demonstrates how bad a fielder Derek Jeter is. You have actual writers in NYC opining that he s one of 
A slightly inferior version of Midnight s Children. I recommend this book only for the diehard Rushdie fans. It has a lot of similiarites to one of his other books, 
The best book I ve read so far this year. I know it s only January but this book is fantastic - an extremely well-written account of a fascinating story 
If Pigs could fly.... I m not sure if most Hillerman fans will like this, but I enjoyed it. I enjoyed how Hillerman has been stringing out the Bernie Jim 
Cut the Clutter, Stow the stuff. I believe this book to be very helpful. IF you are not impaired in the ways of organization, then of course this book would 
WHO NEEDS A REVIEW OF THIS CLASSIC!. THE ONLY THING THAT I CAN SAY IS THAT YOU CAN T BEAT THE PRICES ON THESE BOOKS FROM AMAZON. THEY WERE MY 
Very validating and helpful, too!. I consider myself the very model of a Renaissance Soul: I love to read about lots of subjects; I used to garden quite fanatically; I 
The wisdom of the Egyptians was a proverb with the Greeks. The wisdom of the Egyptians was a proverb with the Greeks, who felt themselves children beside this ancient race. 
A wonderfully different mother daughter memoir. It was such a treat to read this book! I love memoirs, but often you finish them feeling rather depressed about the state of 
extremely dense. but this is really worth reading if you really want to master c . not terribly easy reading though..  
No Fairy Tale Ending, But A Great Story. Many accounts of losing weight, particularly those in mass-market magazines, read as fairy tales. You know the ones: I was miserable at 
Useful, detailed map of the city. This is a nice, detailed map of the main part of Barcelona s city. It has all of the major sites labeled right on 
A Mystifying Event. Curtain is an extemely interesting story with tangled events and twisted facts that lead to three murders. In the first parts of the book, it may be 
A quick, pleasant read. I have to admit that for the second time, I wish Amazon had half point star like 3.5 stars rating, because in all reality this book 
Simply the best... This is by far the best book about Johnny Depp. You can tell that Christopher Heard truly respects Johnny. If you can only buy one book about 
Irony. So Ann is a man, and the whole time, five books worth, he was just being ironic. I bet there are a lot of five star reviewers here who 
5TH EDITION. This is the 5th edition of one of the most inclusive and readable books on American silvermakers. A lot of encyclopedic silver books are mostly concerned with 18th 
Great overall, almost excellent if not for... The book is a good read with the short stories and the relevance to today s world is striking is some of those 
Good, but incomplete. It may be difficult to provide a full glossary of Shakespeare s words in a portable - and inexpensive - format. The authors manage to do it 
Cultural anthropology for dummies. This book is a must for anyone who is trying to understand a culture so uniquely different from ours that it defies belief. It is beautifully 
Night of Many Dreams. Gail Tsukiyama s Night of Many Dreams is a story of the experiences of two Hong Kong sisters. Emma, the younger sister, always valued independence. Joan, 
Stock your mind with an Irish childhood. One of the distinctive signs of a really, really good book, one that you can call a masterpiece, is that it leaves you 
One of the most meaningful... In the Delafield series, this book ranks as one of the most, if not the most, meaningful stories. It didn t have the love scenes 
GREAT READING. For all those who want to know a little more about how we become who we are. Most enlightening, well written and concise!  
Practical and Precise. This is an excellent book for anyone who is or knows a vegetarian. It is clearly written and gives specific and practical advice, accompanied by empathic anecdotes, 
Newer prints of this book are better... I purchased a copy of this book a couple of months ago and was fortunate to obtain a more recent printing than the 
Why have I not heard more?. Why have I not heard about this book until now... and why can t I buy it here in UK bookstores? This book was 
It s HCB!. Very interesting read. I would say a must have for fans of photojournalism and photography in general.Highly recommended.  
Joan of Arc and her secret missions: my review:. A long time ago this girl saved her country against England but the flames of the Hundreds Years War have died 
Promising Beginning; Disappointing Second Half. Josie Prescott is finally starting to get her life back on track. Two years after leaving New York, her new antique auction house in New 
Excelent real life cases. This book does capture the findings from the work of Beyond Budgeting Roundtable in a excellent way. The cases in the book are real and are 
A Great Book. I began reading this book with trepidation, because I worried that a book about the Marines and basketball might be a little too masculine and juvenile even 
Great help. The most comprehensive book on giving speeches I ve come across. Very easy to read and grasp just what helps you  
Another great story collection from Atwood. Atwood s short stories are shocking, vibrant glances at some of her most interesting people. The stories in this collection were published in many 
Down to earth. This book came for me at exactly the right time. I was feeling like a failure because we weren t highly systematic in our homeschooling. But I 
Recipes Easy to Follow. I have used three recipes from the book already. They are simple and there are tips for every recipe so you can make changes if you 
THIS ONE TOPS MY CHARTS. Linda Howard is a amazingly talented author, unfortunately not all of her books live up to her talent. However when she hits it right she 
The best U-boat book available. This has to be one of the best presented and historically researched books of the German U-boat war ever made. It has a great mix 
The First Horseman. This is a very topical issue and extremely intriguing and entertaining.John Case writes a very good tale, and takes you right into the story line.There is no 
Don t Listen to the Negative Drivel... I am a successful copywriter. I was successful even before I bought and read Peter s book. But I m glad I bought 
Thank You Sarah Napthali... ...for writing this book. There is so much wisdom condensed into its pages. I ve highlighted and Post-It tagged so much of this book because there 
On Bullshit. I loaned this little book to a lawyer acquaintance; I never got it back. Need I say more  
Wonderful Read!. Gene Stratton-Porter has written a beautiful book of the trials of Elnora Comstock as she tries to please a mother who obviously has no love for her and 
Inspiring, with a good, real-world process. I m surprised at the negative reviews of this book -- I ve found it very inspiring. While it doesn t lay out a 
Started with a twist ended good. Wildlife by Richard Ford is a good to read, but it also has its twist in the begging of the story. It starts of 
Not buying a powerboat, but. I brought this book because I thought that I would be buying a powerboat. However after discussions with my wife I am now looking for 
Better than darkest chocolate. From the very first word from the book I whispered, this story slowly takes a grip on you inward, then gently rocks you back and forth 
Glorious!. The Laughing Prince - long dead - has returned to life. As he was homicidally mad, this is not regarded as a good thing. So Master Li and Number 
Bravo!. As an expert on creativity, I am very excited about this book as it easily guides parents into nurturing parenting by teaching them to honor the individuality of each 
What a pleasure. It is simply a great pleasure to read the essays of Lewis Thomas. His intelligence, his balance, his sense of wonder, his great knowledge his humility and 
A must read. One thing I can promise you for sure, is that you will not soon forget Ree Dolly, the tough as nails heroine of Daniel Woodrell s brilliant 
6 Regular Guys at the Right Place at the Right Time. The 6 flag raisers were as diversified as you can get. Bradley and Powers do a great job digging 
Grits in Poetry. Turner is an uncommon hero: former Memphis cop, former psychotherapist, ex-convict, having spent eleven years behind bars for shooting his partner. And James Sallis is an uncommon 
A concise introduction to the religious claims of The Da Vinci Code . Having read The Da Vinci Code some time ago, I wanted to read an unbiased book that 
Important But Flawed. I read this book because the Christian community is important to me, and I know little about what Vanessa Sheridan calls the gender variant. I ve known, 
Controversy from the beginning and relevance. I read this book and most of his others when originally published. No question but THIS IS HIS GREAT WORK. As his work went 
Another solid offering from John Scalzi. In this book we learn much more about the Ghost Brigades , the mysterious special forces component of the colonial defence force briefly covered 
no title. This series so far - - The Alexandria Quartet - - has been one of the most interesting and wonderful things I have ever read. Memorable in every 
Simply Stunning. Sandman is such an obvious choice for reprinting in the Absolute format, I m surprised DC took this long to think of it. Previous reviewers have hit all 
Use Caution with Young Children. My son loves Roald Dahl books and I know that some of the content is inappropriate for a 6 year old but he seems to 
These books just keep getting better!. I started this series pretty much by accident after receiving Monkeewrench in a box of books I was given by a co-worker; however, I 
Dead Funny. Waugh is wickedly merciless in this attack, his use of humor morbid and obsene, his wit piercing, as always he leaves no room for empathy or sympathy as 
Delightful and Impressive Book. I absolutely loved this book. It is humorous and informative. The author took time to explain things in layman s terms without dumping it down . 
True Magic. I have found this book to be compelling. I felt quite alone in my thinking world until Mr. Pearce s insights made their way into my heart and 
Outstanding and challenging. This book challenges you to consider the priorities of your life. To value love, family and character more than achievement, wealth and status. To take more risks 
I fell in love with Woodworth s characters. I loved being a fly on the wall in Woodworth s town of Maywood, watching its delightful cast of characters go about 
An insightful look behind the scenes. I found this to be a very intrigueing read, but the reader should have a working knowledge of the history, events and relationships that 
Great Read. The Blacker the Berry tells the story of a dark-skinned female who comes to grip withher skin color. She has to deal with racism from all around her 
An excellent sourcebook for home schoolers. I bought this book 5 years ago, and it proved to be one of the best resource books I have ever seen for home 
Wonderful little book!. My husband and son love to read this book together, and they ve been reading it together since my son was brand new. Each page shows how 
&quot;A MUST Read !!&quot;. Even if your biological clock makeup tell you that you lived in the period addressed by this book, if you have yet to peruse these pages, 
Great collection!. This script book is full of humorous scripts that I use at my church puppet ministry to teach children the good news of the bible. The scripts in 
Into the Black. For fans of the the Firefly television series, this book is a wonderful way in which to hold onto the experience. All of the characters, the stories, 
Essential Reading. There have been numerous occasions throughout my gardening career- in my garden and while working in others- that I have turned to garden design books for inspiration and 
Simply the Best. Read it for yourself and you ll know what I mean, you think you got the killer this time huh!! Well Baby you have no idea, simply 
Valuable, realistic advice for the experienced job seeker. Orrin Wood has done it again--another very practical, straightforward guide to the job search! This book is upbeat without being unrealistic about 
A mind-shaking interpretation!. Beautifully written...an elegant work about relationship between nature and human kind. Strongly recommended..  
Excellent book on this subject. It s hard to imagine another book being any better than this one on the subject of the sinking of the U.S.S Indianapolis. It is 
This Book Is For One Who Wants To Live A Great Lifestyle. You need to discilpine yourself to live a great life. A beautiful woman wants a man who is 
High quality pop-up Xmas card. I first saw these at a store and thought it was a beautiful collection. Each of the 26 cards are different, one for each letter 
Classical Music Guide. This is an extremely comprehensive guide to classical music by over 500 composers and provides authoritative recommendations on the various performances of their works that are available 
Adapt And Prepare. My Job Went To India And All I Got Was This Lousy Book is a examination of the trend of the past decade or so of how 
Imagination, Need I say More?. I did a story hour project for my Children s Literature class and this is one of the books I read to them. They really 
Who Knew Appetizers Could Be This Easy?. I found this book to be an absolute lifesaver when it comes to preparing appetizers for my guests. Whether you ar hosting a 
The Wonderful World of Dr. Seuss. My son was brought up on Dr. Seuss Books! He is now 15 and they were the only kid s books he wouldn t 
Great!. This was also added to my design collection of southwest decorating at its best. This is a very enjoyable book I always look at this for more items for 
The Best Hemingway Novel. hey yall! Ernest Hemingway is the bomb diggity!! The Torrents of Spring is so funny  
this is super useful book. I just discovered this book two months ago and have been using it non-stop. I am new to sas although I have been using it 
Memories. I read this book when I was in the third grade and I loved it!!! I probably read the book 20 times during my childhood. I am now 24, 
As warm as the Mediterranean sun. Carol Drinkwater, actress in my all-time favorite television show, &quot;All Creatures Great and Small,&quot; takes us with her on a warm and wonderful journey 
I liked it... Got Poser 6 for a birthday gift and I ordered this book. Sorry to go against all the 1 star customers who were expecting an Answer all 
A Book to be Read More than Once. I write from the perspective of a Protestant Evangelical who has often had misgivings about some of the Catholic literature I ve 
Perhaps the Most Complete Racing Instruction Book. I think I must have bought almost every book there is on racing instruction over the years, and this book definitely ranks in 
The Humane Economy: Economics as if the Individual Matters.. ~A Humane Economy~ is an astute treatise and insightful look at the social and political framework of the market economy. Wilhelm 
Fun Book to Read. I m always looking for little stories that encourage my children to bounce back from the hits that life can dish out sometimes. This little book 
Excerpt From COMPUTING REVIEWS, published June 1998. &quot;For business, the Internet represents the prospect of change, which, in turn, implies learning to live with uncertainty. It represents one of the 
the misfits by James Howe. This is a 4 star book by James Howe. It is about 5 kids how get picked on and come up with an idea to 
A Sequel That Tops 44 Scotland Street!. If you haven t yet read 44 Scotland Street, I recommend that you read it first before Espresso Tales. Although Alexander McCall Smith 
in the process, but really enjoying it. i m still reading the book, but i m really liking it. it s the story of a young woman who has just 
The very best Hiaasen has to offer!. This novel defines what Hiaasen is all about. It captures a side of reality that few folks think about...politics involved with bass fishing. 
&quot;Charming&quot;. I was completely amazed with the writing in this book. Noah is an exceptional writer. I can hardly wait for the next one  
Uniquely written. With alternating chapters of cartoons and essays, this book gives a uique perspective of experiencing an autistic sibling. The book describes how the authors feelings and reactions towards 
Duke = Aloha, Aloha = Duke... Revealing interviews, as well as many never before published photographs, allow &quot;Memories of Duke&quot; to show the reader know what a better place the 
An absolutely critical issue. Robert Thomas has given a call to evangelicals to realize that in their ranks that some have been changing the rules for the worse, the rules 
Laugh out loud hilarious. Me Talk Pretty One Day is one-third amusing, one-third funny and one third absolutely laugh out loud hilarious. Whether retelling a story about his cussing brother, 
Excellent information regarding Georgia s life. Well written book and excellent research. Enjoyed very much  
An Outstanding Reference Source on Political Economy: A Skilfully Collated 2 Volume Work of Distinction by Professor O Hara. Nowadays, a vast amount of complex information is offered to us. 
interesting, but gruesome, in some places, type of book. This book, part series guide; part primer on forensic science, gives some of the scientific background to C.S.I.. Crime Scene Investigation 
A Fun Holiday Story. Katherine O Connor loves Christmas. So much so that she has turned her ability to write charming Christmas letters into a second job. Understandably, she gets 
Clay Feet, Wrong Bullets, CIA s African War. By the former Chief of the Angola Task Force at CIA, this book is a classic on the Keystone Kops aspects of 
The Truth--Finally!. Haynes and Klehr tell a story that few acknowledge and it concerns the fetish that many of our professiorial anti-elite have towards the Soviet Union. These academics lie 
from 5 stars to 2... On my previous review here, I had read very little of the book. Now I ve delved further into it.Where I had initially seen reason 
Conroy s First Novel...and a Legend Begins... This is a wonderful novel. Published in 1976 when Conroy was 30, The Great Santini marked the debut of a talented writer and 
Death on the Nile Plot Brief and Review. Murder on the Orient Express by Agatha ChristieThis is one of Agatha Christie s most recognized works. Like most of her mystery 
a fascinating and challenging book. This is a wonderful book. Nearly every page introduces me to something new, and thus broadens my conception of what it means to be a 
Not A Book for Couch Potatoes!!!!!!!!. This book should be mandatory reading for anyone thinking about attempting to acquire the Trident Pin. Warrior Elite is very well written and is 
Life changing,Indeed!. I first read this over ten years ago and it blew me away. Still does. It s hard to keep a copy in the house, because I ve 
The Best of Many. Tha Authors are intelligent, well informed, experienced and highly capable in the field of digital photography and the use of Photoshop CS2 at the professional level. 
This is an awesome book. In this book Samantha Power focuses on the history of genocide in the 20th Century and the American government s responses in a way that 
A FRESH LOOK AT OUR WORLD THRU AN EMERGING NEW SCIENCE!. Five AMAZING Stars!! Welcome to the brave new world of Social Neuroscience ! This book may change the way 
U of Chicago economics theory meets the real world, mostly succeeds. Despite what I am about to say about the downsides of Friedman s approach, this is a book well 
The simplest things can be hardest to master. The simplest things can be hardest to master, from telling a story to understanding etiquette: no more, with The Expert s Guide 
Good for brands, good for trademarks. The excellent book The 22 Immutable Laws of Branding, by Al Ries and Laura Ries, states that A branding program should be designed to 
A Childhood: The Biography of a Place. I would suggest this book to anyone who has ever read anything published by Harry Crews; specifically to those who haven t read 
A beautiful work of fiction. This book is written beautifully, the parallels of the narrator and the diaries of his Grandparents are wonderfully portrayed.An engaging book about past and present. 
the book is usefull. I am a gardener for research in China,these days I thought of using ferns on landscafe,I have know few about how to grow the ferns before.By 
A first-rate gem of a book. The marketers and public relations firms of this world are constantly improving the myriad of ways they have to get inside your head and 
Important Distinctions for Leader, Manager, Individual. What a pleasant surprise this book is. I admit I was reluctant to pick it up because in my experience as a management consultant 
This is a Must Read . John Steinbeck is a genius and a master of the English language. Please make sure to include this novel on your list of must-reads 
A Beautiful Enchanted Deck!. Once again, Doreen has put together beautiful artwork from various artists and added inspired messages which are different enough from her other decks that it makes 
An Answer to Prayer. This book was an answer to prayer for me. I think it is just excellent and very understandable for the average person. However, I suggest you 
This book is awesome!. I have been blessed or, at times, cursed with rare insight myself, and am not easily impressed by others who claim to have it. Rob Bell, 
Reading is addictive So what! . It was wonderful reading Maureen Corrigan, NPR s Fresh Air book critic, debut memoir book Leave Me Alone, I m Reading. I was drawn 
Crumbling Plantation house dripping with vines, ghosts..... I went looking for what Barbara Michaels has to offer: I wanted a modern &quot;gothic&quot; romance. I wanted a a creepy old house 
The book that changed comics 5 stars . Frank Miller s masterpiece, The Dark Knight Returns, starts with a ten-years-retired Bruce Wayne feeling the monster inside him grow restless and 
Comedic, Engrossing, and Well-Written. Since there are already many reviews about the actual storyline and characters, I ll focus this on what I thought about the writing and style of 
An Excellent Book. Garrett has an eye and an ear for authentic Texas. The story is told with great depth by a flawed but charming narrator, a man who unflinchingly 
Genuine great introduction by bradmonk. If anyone wants to know how to develop, then this is a must. As a practising medium, clairvoyant and healer, this was a top up 
Typical: One of the best books ever. I first read The Count of Monte Cristo in fifth grade. I started with a five hundred or so paged version, knowing that 
This is where it all began. I am lucky this was the first book i read written by J.R.R TOLKIEN, it was given as a present by a friend who 
Eco at his best. Two essays are gems. First, the comparison of California Getty Museum hyperreality with New Orleans. Reference frame provided by the not-yet-dead-traditions of W. Europe. Second, and 
Great Read. This book was recommended to me by a friend. I loved it. It s extremely funny, beautifully written and a real page turner. It is also serious about 
Magnificent photographs and call for help to text!. I had heard of Mr. Wolfe before,but it wasn`t until today,when I got this book I saw his photographs. I definitly think 
HISTORY! Pearl Buck brought it alive for me in this novel. Pearl Buck did a good job of making me love the Dowager Empress. The story is a wonderful but 
More Substance With Less Speculation. Edgar Leoni does a fine job with this book. Rather than engaging in superfluous speculation and spiritualization, Leoni simply translates the quatrains directly from French 
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix. Rather dark and I worried alot about Harry but everything turned out O.K. I love Jim Dale s telling of the story 
A Fight For Survival ... . We re really doing it, we re pirating the Grand Canyon of the Colorado, said Jessie, a 15 year- old girl at a juvenile 
This is why good authors respected RAH. When the book starts you can smell the scuz on Smythe. When it ends, you ll want to give him a statue  
A Parent s Must Read for 2007. This is truly a Generation of MySpace with over 80 Million users...My wife got me this book as a present and I read 
Wonderful Rain Forest. I felt that this was a wonderful book. I read this book to a third grade classroom and they all loved the story. They especially loved the 
Practical. This book was a practical How to PR book. We created an ew website www.livinginstyleonline.com. We have been using some of Marcia s strategies to promote our site. Incidently 
Great Resource for Teaching Business Math. Great Graphs and Sensational Statistics really made our 6th Grade Business Math unit very fun and interesting. While charting commercials, dangling spoons, taking surveys, 
Fun Read. Recreating the culture and times here is a big part of McCullough s success in writing this great book. Earlier histories emphasized the Roeblings interactions and obsessions, with 
THE book to start with on Breast Cancer. This book has helped so many people I know when they found out that they or someone they loved had breast cancer.Since 
A comprehensive, must-have for every woman leader. Enlightened Power feels like the most comprehensive book ever written on women and leadership. It provides perspective on leadership from over 40 successful 
Good. As one reviewer put it, word on time-management tools as well as valuable tips on organizing your life at home and improving your ability to communicate effectively. Ask my 
Part history--Part Folklore---very entertaining. In the early 1990 s,Graham Hancock undertakes a search for the Ark of the Covenant--i.e. the receptacle holding two stone tablets imprinted by God with the 
A great beach or poolside read. Typical Danielle Steel fluff, but one of her better books. A little of everything: love, betrayal, tragedy, and hope.  
Stranger in your own land. When I read this book, I was a crappy teacher in a crappy school in the South Bronx. Then I read it and read it, 
Recommended for businessmen. The title of this book refers to the international trade set up by Bostonian Frederick Tudor during the 1800s. Mr. Tudor came up with the idea that 
The Watergate Wars. This book is truely well written. Hard to put down. If you have read: President Nixon, Final Days and Abuse of Power this book puts it all 
The book is really better than it looks like!. On teh field with Mia Hamm by Matt Christopher was a very goodbook. I didn t have a very good idea 
A great book. I do not read a lot of book but this was a must read as soon as I started it. John Grisham describes places and people like 
An excellent read. This book is an excellent read for anyone who loves and or takes their weightlifting style seriously and enjoys a good storyteller. The book is composed from 
1st Book is a Winner. Who can catch the Gingerbread Man? A serial killer who terrorizes Chicago, he tortures his victims, mutilating their bodies in horrific fashion while they watch. 
Incredible Color Palette, Rich Collection of Pictures, Best Art Work Guide EVER. To call this book a chronology would be a mistake because the art work of the Genius Alex 
 Vinager Joes Story . For anyone who is interested in a little known theater of WWII. This is a well written and fact filled read. Primarily the story of 
Substitute for college text books. When I took differential equations the college wanted us to buy the textbook for 135 and the solutions manual for 15. They were horrible!! I 
Interesting and Informative. The Day Christ Died tells the story of the 24 hours leading up to the death of Jesus Christ.It takes the familiar story from the Gospels and 
GREAT ONE TO ADD TO COLLECTION. I love this one, I have ordered almost all her books and this is a great read dont miss it. For all you doubters. 
Great beginner book. My son who is almost three loves this book since he has been 2.5  
A Great Gift. This is the perfect introduction to the craft of shrinky-dinks. All of the materials your child needs to complete the project are included, the instructions are clear 
A Pleasure to Read. If you read for pleasure, then this book is for you. A page turner in which you may ignore your favorite television show just so you 
A culinary wealth of wonderful contributions. Compiled by accomplished chef and cookbook author Jerome Rubin, The Cape Cod Cookbook showcases 210 traditional New England recipes drawn from the culinary history 
A Must Read!. This book is a must read. It definately helps an individual unlock the emotional and sexual mysteries about men that we all struggle with  
Those who give negative comments clearly don t know what this book is about.. I would like to state the obvious. From the perspective of a marketer myself, this is 
The Deception. I like the new look of this book. Truth be told it s an awesome page turner. There are full surprises and plots. If you start reading it 
one of my favorites. I have a copy of this book from the UK that is called I Am David. It starts with a man telling David, You must get 
Interesting and enjoyable. This book was a very pleasant surprise. It s not the usual Robert Ludlum but instead a light entertaining read. The characters are funny but lean towards 
The Smells of Home. I should have known from the cover of this book that it was not going to appeal to those, like me, with no patience for a 
Excellent In-Depth Survey of First Amendment Law. Read this book as part of my law school class in the First Amendment before taking Constitutional Law and found it to be 
Good for Every Day, Not Super Gourmet. This is my first Moosewood cookbook, but I have many vegetarian cookbooks.This book is for you if you like basic recipes and or 
Fine little book. This is a good little book to read. Take some time, sit down, and give it a read through. I think you will be happy that you 
Finn is my favorite Callahan. I read all three books in the Callahan Brothers Trilogy, and River Road #2 was my favorite. All the books are fun and romantuc stories, 
Good Introduction to Computer Forensics Investigations. This book is a couple years old now, but the fundamentals remain essentially the same. Kruse and Heiser are seasoned experts in computer forensics 
Man s inhumanity to man!. Enjoyable reading this is not. Gripping, it most certainly is. Eye-witness accounts from actual survivors of some of the most cruel treatments men have ever 
So scary, it s unreal. According to Williams and his reading of his sources Al Qaeda already has the bomb, many times over. Bin Laden purchased the nukes from Chechen 
Good reference. This is a great book to refer to when writing an art history paper. I was an art history major in college, and this was the book that 
 A hoax of exceptional quality. . Where do I even begin? Well, I should probably have the word post-modern somewhere in the first two sentances. Certainly, few books are 
Great For All, Especially For Dads and Grandads. Let s be honest. If an alien were to land and ask how to tell the difference between fathers and mothers, telling 
Jamela s Dress. Jamela s Dress celebrates the youthful spirit of Jamela, a young South African girl. Jamela and her Mama shop for some material with which her mother will 
Informative. Maybe I m a little bias because I know and train with Hock Hochheim. But, like most of his books, tapes &amp; DVDs, he is a great source of 
DEFINETELY GREAT. Guys, I really suggest you to read this. and the first two books as well. this one is the last one. THe end is soooooo sad, i cried 
Chandler s best. This is my favorite Raymond Chandler book and that s saying quite a lot. It has a sense of mystery to it that transcends the mystery genre. 
a must read for thoughtful young people entering police work. Barry Baker was a street cop for 20 years in a very tough town before taking promotion. He accurately reflects 
Suffering For Science. Herzig connects scientists who suffer for their beliefs to religious persons who would suffer for theirs----an incredible connection that is rarely talked about. Herzig s interesting perspective 
Listen and Do. If you both follow this man s advice you have a guaranteed &quot;till death do us part.&quot  
Wonderfully Crafted with dark southern Faulkneresque undertones. Stephen Hunter s books are definitely man books . His characters - both Hero and villain - speak, plot, act and think believably 
triumph forsaken. Outstanding book!! It s about time that someone put the lie to all of the liberal mythology that has been floating around since the late Sixties about our 
I recommend this book. It is helpful, informative, and gives a new way to achieve unusual color patterns. Excellent  
A story of acceptance of God s will and love in our lives. The story starts out rather slow and monotoneous, but before long you will find yourself completely emmerced 
best books available for teaching children how to draw. Finally! A beginning level drawing course that allows children to be successful! Hats off to authors Marie Hablitzel and Kim Stitzer 
School assignments usually bite - this one wasn t so bad. I was required to read this book this past year as a school assignment. First off it s rare 
Should have started with this book. Being an avid reader, by the time I got this book, I had read a TON of baby books. If you are a new 
Terrific spy novel. This is a gripping, well-written and even somewhat sexy spy novel of the good old-fashioned kind: a story, a plot and real characters. I am now reading 
perceptive and unassuming. Marianne Moore s poetry is perceptive and unassuming. She often writes with a dry sense of humor. Her interest in sports, especially baseball, is also expressed in 
The Best Book on Positional Play. This is an invaluable book for a serious chess student. I would higly recommend it for improving one s game and understanding chess at 
Addressing Malarkey. In this age of over-testing and over-dependence on high stakes testing to evaluate schools and students, Testing Miss Marlarkey provides a well needed diversion. Judy Finchler cuts right 
Everything you need to know about AI stretching. I took one of the Active Isolated Stretching classes here in NYC and I can tell you the book is better than 
Great book on a timely topic!. Nothing is hotter in IT right now than integration. The authors have done a great job in not only explaining the term enterprise integration, 
Masterpiece or wonder?. While Darwin s theory of natural selection was accepted in the 1930s, Darwin s theory of sexual selection remains controversial. In Ernst Mayr s recent What is 
Loved it - for software development!. Software development is much like discrete manufacturing--as I learned from this great book. It s a tiny bit cheesy but the writing is ultimately 
My Schema Reference Book. Walmsley s book is the one I go to as the reference for W3C Schema. It is clear and very accurate and reliable. I find the 
Guide to Vertical Caving and Rock Climbing. This book is a must for anyone beginning or experienced in caving and ropework of any type. The basics are discussed and illustrated 
Very well Written... It was the first King novel I ever read, and I loved it-King writes in a very, very literal sense: much like how you would see people 
Accurate and humorous, a good read!. Read this book if you want to know what it is like to live and breathe and be at MIT. Being at MIT is 
Absolutely Wonderful. This book is one of the most responsible books with runes I ve ever come across. Written thoughtfully and carefully, this tool can help anyone connect with their 
Excellent introduction to the subject. I read this book as the assigned text for a course in Quantitative Analysis and found it to be an excellent text for such a 
A Must-Read for Educators. This book is an elegant masterpiece of simple and crucial insights -- and it s a joy to read. I had assumed that it would be 
A wonderful book to read. An interesting book to read even if you have no interest in winter camping or travel. Mr Rutstrum traveled most of his life in the 
Delinquent Girls and their Minders. A pathbreaking work in women s history and the history of deviancy, this book argues if not entirely convincingly for a new interpretation of the 
a great finale. I thought this was a great ending to the set. The story goes well, you get a lot of character development, some great new characters are introduced, 
A Delightful and Ground Breaking Survey and Study!. On an unfamiliar and unfrequently considered subject, we have a treasure and hopefully a beginning! in this book. I m familiar with 
The rapture of Canaan. I loved this book. For starters, the story is so unique it grabbed my attention from the start and never let go. The main character was 
How to describe .... My friends and I read this when it first came out - covertly. We were all very young and just coming out ourselves. Within the pages 
Compelling. The Spiral of Memory and Belonging is a good book but it is not a great book by any means. I was at first riveted and then the fire 
Great book, great price. I am quickly becoming a fan of the Dover Thrift editions of classic literature. They are well-made, sturdy, and a great bargain. All of them that 
Prompts one to think deeply, differently, and then act. REFERS TO CD RECORDING After picking up and putting down the book countless times I finally listened to this on CD. 
excellent source. Since I have the full set of this series in one form or another I couldn t resist getting this one, the latest.The internet has made researxh much 
The best single book about your Galapagos trip. Written by the owner of the tour company we decided to go with, I had ordered of copy of this from an 
Absolutely Brilliant. The bad stuff first: this book almost has to be read twice. The idea of conceptual blending has many different sides the different types of conceptual blend, compression 
Good thoughts. a mixture of essays which sometimes compliment, sometimes contradict and sometimes agree. I have no idea what the other reviewer was smoking when he bashed Driscoll. I read 
Waugh s farce about the newspaper trade and making a name for oneself. Evelyn Waugh s send-up of the newspaper business, and where in other novels he could be bitterly 
An eerily entertaining title. I have purchased Shalamov s short story compilation in 1989 in Hungarian edition. The author s picture was on the back most probably an old camp 
A Great Historical Fiction Book. When my eighth grade English teacher told my class that we had to read a historical fiction book for a book project, I thought I 
An Exceptional Man. I ve never been a JFK detractor or big fan but have always admired the way JFK, Jr. carried himself. This book confirms that what the public 
Must Have World Building Reference Book. My husband is a publisher with little time to read for pleasure, so when I saw that the book he had purchased had quickly 
The Breakthroughs in Modern Cosmology. For the briefest instant at the origin of time when all laws of physics on an equal footing, all nature s elementary constituents, heavy and 
Daring to Dream. I enjoyed this book very much. I am going to read the whole dream trilogy just so I can find out what happens to Josh and Margo. 
Best Victorian Novel?. Most people consider Dickens the greatest English novelist or the greatest Victorian novelist at the very least. While I admire Dickens abilities, none of his novels that 
On Par with Angela s Ashes. Frank McCourt made his bones in Angela s Ashes by recounting the tales of his life in Ireland to the millions who understood where 
What would your narrative say?. Kathy Dobie is a powerful yet simple writer. The prologue immediately pulls you in and touches each of your senses as well as your memory 
Beautiful. This book makes it easy for you to teach your little one about the Gospel of Jesus. It taught me a lot too! It s very similar to the 
entertaining historical who-done-it. Edgar Allan Poe is despondent because his wife, who is also his cousin, is very ill and in danger of dying. Poe s friend PT Barnum recommends 
A Jab Through the Soul. A vivid, compelling tale, replete with memorable characters -- a punch drunk pugilist and pickled crop picker -- in unsettling scenarios. You, I. . . 
A Writer s Best Friend. The Writer s Legal Guide is an invaluable reference for published and unpublished writers alike. Relevant and significant areas of the law are explained in 
Talk to snakes?. Well guess what its Harry s second year at Hogwarts. He s back with Hermione and Ron. He s just discovered that he can talk to snakes 
A good book for a beginner. This is exactly what I wanted ... a great beginners book. Told me everything that I needed to know to start my business. I 
Excellent Resource. This is an excellent resource for imaging development with Java and an altogther beautiful book complete with glossy, color pages. The only downside to this text is that 
The &quot;benchmark&quot; in Customer Service. I initially read this book almost ten years ago, I was impressed then. I have read many books since and reread the book a few 
The Farming of bones. This is an interesting book that engages you in the culture of a foreign land  
best backjack book ever. I have been collecting blackjack books for the past 25 years and this one is the best.Why? Beacause it introduces the simplest effective card counting system 
This book makes the Brooklyn Bridge all the more alive... I have been fascinated by the Brooklyn Bridge ever since my art history professor talked about it s importance back 
Excellent Bible-Based Book. Mr. Hesselgrave is an excellent author and has a very Biblical based philosophy on worldwide missions  
The Elefant and the Flea. Mr. Handy s book sets forth some very original insights on democracy and the current challenges facing large organizations. Most significant to me, as a 
Everything hits at once. Having not been born until the decade was nearly over, the legendary hedonism of the seventies was something I could never experience, so this book is 
Very thorough. I am reading this book to my 10 year old son and it is very interesting to him. He likes the pictures too. It has everything about anger, 
Inside the Skinny of the Big Show. Okay, are you interested at all in the Academy Awards? If you are, even a glimmer of interest, then this is absolutely the 
Greg at his best. it was wonderful to return to Cage s hometown and spend days in suspense. There have only been a couple books written by Greg Iles that 
Good Book For Vienna. Just got back from a weekend drive to Vienna. There is a ton of usefull info in this book. I wish there was a fold out 
very good book, not so good movie. this was the first david baldacci book i ever read. i really liked this one! i was trmendously dissapointed in the movie though. 
Abs-olute nutrition. I live in Boulder, Colorado, the center of the fitness universe, where body fat is considered a physical disability. I hike, run, cycle, spin, do yoga, and work 
A Very Enjoyable Book!. I found this book delightful! I liked and identified with the main character, Isabel Dalhousie, especially as she sought to do the right thing even when 
Best book on the subject. Frankly, there isn t a better book on Middle Eastern cooking. If you want healthy, mediterranean style cooking and are tired of Italian food, this 
A beautifully written account of colonial SC s culture. Robert Olwell, a recognized authority on the early history of South Carolina, has written a fresh account of that colony s 
Welcome departure from the Pattersonian norm. Versatility is no longer a prized quality in writers ;maybe it is the demands of marketeers or a public desire for predictability but it 
Great Book. This is great book for the people who have been following the other books, from Tetsuo, Kwi, and Aisha. I recommend this book to anybody who likes books 
Good explanation. Out of the now almost countless array of books published over the last decade and meant to `explain what happened in Yugoslavia, John Allcock s Explaining Yugoslavia is 
I Really Liked this one. A good thriller, that was very Grisham.Delivered on exactly what you read Grisham for.  
The best book about writing I have ever read. Really. It s a great book. You should buy it. You ll really like it. I promise. Unless you don t 
Coalitions and Movements. Tavis writes what should be an inspiring and enlightening book for us all. He has reawakened a consciousness in all people that portrays the fact that we 
Review from someone who s not known as a handyman. I bought this book to build a 6 privacy fence. I didn t know the first thing about building a 
Solid advice. I found the Backup half particularly relevant and useful for coverage of why booting is important ignored by many backup systems, because it s hard , and why 
Fantastic Book!!!. This book is like an instruction manual for a child with developmental delays. It explains why a child does a lot of the things they do, like falling 
Searching for Alpha: The Quest for Exceptional Investment Performance. Excellent, yet easy read. Yields a brief insight in most of the important topics surrounding alpha  
Family Baggage Deadly Business Sins. I have been the owner of a family business for over twenty five years and found Mr. Flemings book to be very accurate and insightful. 
Affluenza?. Written long before modern realization of how our desire for affluence as part of our right by birth has largely caused such things as global warming and elimination of 
Some tough critics. I can t believe anyone gave this less than five stars. Her earlier work is a bit quirky, but she hits it on the nail here. The 
GREAT RESOURCE!!. A winner in its class! This book is a great resource and value. For under 20.00 it has great visual information for the architect or designer, or the 
Great Book !. This book is full of the kind of infromation I was looking for. While I don t think I want to start shaving braces and tone bars 
A great book to get the dialogue going... I checked out this book from our public library and read it first on my own. The format of the book is 
Packed with Details on Military and Media Relations. This book is simply outstanding for anybody who has an interest in how the military manages media relations or who wants a 
Difficult, But A Worthy Study. Be forewarned. Even if you have read a lot of Shakespeare s plays, this one is difficult and demands much effort to follow. But, if 
Mozart s The Magic Flute. This was a wonderful story well written for a young audience. We bought it for our six-year-old son who began studying violin a year ago, 
A must read. I would put this in the same category as Roaring Lambs, What s so Amazing about Grace, and The Ragamuffin Gospel. John will make you evaluate how 
Did you ever wonder why people wanted to go to the Fair ?. This book was not really what I expected it to be.Rather than giving interesting insight into what 
Flower Paper Dolls. I really enjoyed this paper doll book. I even cut out the little sample pictures on the first page and made them into smaller paper dolls. While 
Outstanding Work Reveals Beauty of India Poetry. This is the most beautiful collection of poems I have read anywhere. Catch these love poems and fall in love  
Furniture Projects Better Homes and Gardens Wood Shop Library . Pros:Book offers a wide range of projects that will keep a carpenter busy for a couple of years if you 
An absolute must read book for all Christians. I wholeheartedly agree with the unanimous 5-star rating this book has received from the other reviewers. Fischer s clean, unflinching, to-the-point style 
Classic of the spiritual life. This book is a great synthesis of the spiritual life and is good for all Christians. P. Marie-Eugene explains all the facets of Carmelite spirituality 
AGE OF TERRORISM!. I had a nightmare last night. I had seen four Arab men with what looked like an atom bomb about to detonate it in the New York 
th 4 seasons. This is truely a beautiful piece of music, is a pleasure to pla  
Tell Me a Mitzi. I read this book to both my children when they were little, then to my grandson, and send it as a gift to the older child 
A Mix of Humor and Fear. This character is a very unlikely hero...A total Geek, who is absolutley likeable.The story fast paced and well written..This was my first Koontz book 
Let your soul find rest in God - good read. Pastor and teacher John Stott puts his own personal thoughts together on the reasons that he is a follower of 
Like a trip back in time. If that slow, plodding Ric Burns series on PBS was the official history of New York City, &quot;You Must Remember This&quot; is the indispensible 
Great study. This book is a great book and a must read for those who are new in the faith to understand not only how to read the Bible but 
A How To for all personalities. One thing you cannot teach, and that is someone Else s skill. I ve seen better talkers, better doers and so on. This clever 
Excellent brief overview. I think Thomas Keneally could make a shopping list an interesting read; he is that good a writer. Certainly there are many biographies out there about Lincoln 
A bible for CAGD people. This book should be considered as a bible for people including students, researchers, engineers and programmers working in the CAGD area. The author placed a 
A wonderful story. This is a beautiful book.I was most impressed with how Greer was able to take what might have been a totally implausable story line and make it 
The author has lots of 5-star friends ... OK, I admit that I m suspicious of 5-star reviews that are only 3 or 4 lines long, especially when you click 
Wonderful and moving. This book of sonnets and poems is just wonderful. Elizabeth Barrett Browning s writing is able to get to the very heart of the reader with honesty 
Sphere is Classic Crichton. I m amazed at how diverse a writer Michael Crichton is.I really liked the concept of this book.Man builds a spaceship in the future, to leap 
Just delicious!. Well, that s what we want in an art book- sensuality of paint, see the brushmarks, really good reproductions. I really enjoy this book.This is a good chronicle 
Architecture theory and history. I didn t find this book until the end of the semester, but it covers what we have been discussing in both architectural theory and history. 
Very Enjoyable with a Nifty Mystery. I am a huge fan of the police procedural and mystery genre. It was only natural that I go back and read one of 
Conrad s Strangest Triumph. So well-crafted, so engaging, so powerfully written - it s hard believing Chance was written by Joseph Conrad. Not that Conrad didn t write great books, 
Kushner Non-Academic Video. If you are looking for the academic lecture video by this same title the one hour lecture delivered at UNC , this isn t it. This is 
Practical, accessible, and inspiring. Skinny on theory. This book takes a novel and practical approach to hypnotherapy. The authors provide compelling examples, transforming this esoteric subject into something that is 
Love this book!!!. Wow, I have the complete opposite take than the other reviewer. I absolutely love this book-it is so in depth and really explains children at every single 
unknown books. whose even heard of this book rite? he talks about this band and no ones heard of them but i can tell you d like it if you 
Really good Planescape adventure. Dead Gods is an incredible adventure for the Planescape setting. The main adventure brings the characters into the plot slowly, but soon involves them in a 
Lincoln s fatalistic resignation as source of his greatness. The book ends with Lincoln s death from a mortal head wound. As depicted by Vidal, Lincoln lived his life saliently 
Great books to read with your kids. I remembered reading one of these books as a girl and loved it. Little did I know, there are 19 in this series! 
One of the best Figaro orchestral score ever!. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart s comic masterpiece &quot;The Marriage of Figaro&quot; has always been one of the best loved and studied operas today. 
Listen to this before you begin trading!. I own the book as well as the set of CDs and have listened to and read over again. I can t say 
Great Game. This is a great start to the role-playing game Vampire: The Masquerad  
Fun book to read and very helpful. Chris Tomlin put many of his own stories in the book, which I learned a lot from. It is also very helpful that 
Brilliant Debut!. Jason Headley has written a wonderful debut novel about one young man s struggle to come to terms with the way his life has turned out so far. 
A Superb IN DEATH entry. Ceremony in Death is the quintessential futuristic romantic mystery. The very best of an excellent series by J D Rob  
Two Jews - Marx & Jesus in China. Jesus in Beijing: How Christianity is transferring China and changing the Global Balance of Power, is a personal account of a reporter 
Want to rething everything you ever believed art to be?. A must for every artist who is doubting their current path. Robert Henri encapsulates the spirit of creativity in this 
Great information for everyone. This is a book that I frequently talk about with my family and friends. I think most people can relate to the situations and Gavin De 
Original, inspiring and beautiful!. Amazing. Schatz captures the essence of line and movement of dance, coupled with the impression of weightlessness. Ballet dancers, many from the San Francisco Ballet, are 
The power of thought. The title of this book is actually quite deceiving, because even though the author focuses on the link between thought and financial success, his principals can 
An Important Book for Today!. This book by Randall Price along with another book by him called The Temple and Bible Prophecy are two of the most important books that 
Pimsleur Quick & Simple Spanish 2nd Rev. Ed. I really like this edition. It has been easy to learn and retain. Thank you  
A Devastating Read. For those of us who like to think that the justice system of the USA is the best in the world, the contents of this book will 
Wagons West Series. It took a long time with others helping me to find all 23 books. They were great &amp; there was plenty of actual information in them. I 
The truth Behind The Rich in Flint. I read the book Bucking The Sarge, which is about a boy named Luther. Luther s Mom owns a lot of houses in 
As much fun as an office full of monkeys. I ve seen Conniff s work before in some documentaries he did for National Geographic. His loving look at praire dogs 
Review of Attwood s book on Asperger s Syndrome. This is a well written book with plenty of information to answer all your questions. It is techinical in spots, so 
Yes, it is cheaper than the University Bookstore. My daughter, a freshman at Indiana University, e-mailed me a list of the books she needed. This was on it... I ordered 
Complete and informative guide for all homeschool ages. This cd-rom guide contains excellent teaching techniques for all ages. The guide steps you though the early years of a child s 
A Must read. Excellent for writing and using as a model text  
Most Comprehensive Mind Training Manual. This book is loaded from cover to cover with practical mind-training exercises - from developing the power of one s imagination, to training different senses 
This was the Best book ever!!. A.L.W.F.C.Book ReviewThis book is called A long way from Chicago. The main charters are Mary Alice, Joey, and grandma. Every August Joey and Mary 
Common Sense for Our Time. With &#8220;All Together Now,&#8221; Jared Bernstein follows in the footsteps of Tom Paine&#8217;s &#8220;Common Sense.&#8221; Before the publication of Paine&#8217;s 1776 pamphlet, colonists either could 
Wow. The end of the trilogy. I finally got my head around part of what makes him so compelling. If you read what the marketers put together, you may think 
Doggone funny!. Smart writing, hilarious illustrations, and highly informative but easy-to-follow content make this one-of-a-kind reference book a genuinely fun read. Formatted like an actual owner s manual, right down 
good value and well written. This is really three books in one, and is quite lengthy and packed with a lot of information at 368 pages. The book is good 
The best rigorous introduction to general topology!. I used to own the 1975 first edition of this title since the late 1990s, but quite recently purchased the new edition as 
On Process. It is a relief to read a film book that refuses to degenerate in to the psycho-speculative ramblings of a [...] filmmaker. This book has the feel of 
Excellent book. Another strong effort from Kahn. Roger Kahn has written numerous books according to his most recent offering Beyond the Boys of Summer he has written nineteen . Seemingly 
Lots of useful information. This is a helpful book for novice investors and those more experienced. The main point he makes is that in the long run, stocks are the 
New twist on an old tale. Charming spin on the Cinderella story! Might be used by teachers as a model to help children retell stories in crative ways. Little girls 
It gets better every time!. I read and loved The Virgin in the Garden and Still Life and I couldn t wait to read more of Frederica Potter and her 
Irish mystery-adventure withGreeley s blend of magic&amp;love. If this is your first McGrail novel-STOP. Leave now and go buy its three predecessors in paperback. It is worth following the magical 
Invaluable. This book is great for artist, it is an invaluable tool of information with many ilustrations. I definitely recomended  
what it is, and what it isn t. I bought this one as a pleasure read. Yes, I know... I was hoping that this would be an examination of the 
Not Jensen s best, but still worth the read. Having read some of Jensen s material before, I had an idea of what to expect. With this book, the authors 
Doyle s adventure into mystery. This will be the second time I have read this enjoyable book. The story involves Sir Arthur Conan Doyle as the main character in a 
Souper Soups and Salads. This is a really great soup book and salads . The recipes have are very well put together. I had been looking for a source of 
A Book Lovers Dream!. Booked to die is every book collectors and book lovers dream. It is a fast paced story about a Denver cop who collects books. It takes 
A must have for any student of the Transpersonal. This books breaks down biblical and religious stories in such a way to bring enlightenment to any layman seeking understanding. Beautifully 
helped me to get my green belt. if you are taking your green belt then buy this book  
This book changed my life. Fortunately, this book was my introduction to Buddhism. Ms. Boorstein has a wonderful way of using simple, personal stories to illustrate Buddhist principles. I actually 
Engaging adventure. An excellent remaking of the Arthurian legend. It s complete as an action-adventure fantasy. The characters are feelable and real, the action is intense, the settings are exotic 
Charles Francis Adams. Charles Francis Adams is best remembered as the ambassador to England during the Civil War who helped keep England and France from recognizing the Confederacy. His father 
An inncredible book. To start of this is an very inncredible book. It is ashamed it had to happen, but that is how life is. The book explains great detail 
thoughtfully discusses: what is &quot;biodiversity&quot;?. Scientists, environmentalists, and laypeople often assume that &quot;biodiversity&quot; is important, and should be &quot;saved&quot;. This book looks at different types of diversity and the reasons 
It s all about the boom. I taught preschool for years and now have a 6 month old. I have read Chicka Chicka so many times that I can quote 
Age of Reason. Paine s Age of Reason was a mind-blowing revelation for me, so I ll focus mainly on that in this review. Although he has little formal education 
Judge it for what it is, not what you thought it should be!. Read the reviews trashing this book and you will see they are not based on how well 
One of the very best. Absolutely superb. Don t read the book copy it might give too much away , in fact - don t even read these reviews. Just 
Great book on a tough subject. I am studying for an M.S in software construction engineering and this book was used for a compiler course. This review is written from 
Innocence lost, or boys will be cruel. Golding is a deeply symbolic novelist who relies, especially in this novel and in The Inheritors 1955 , on ideas from the viewpoint 
Highly disturbing book. When I first read this book, upon finishing it I immediately proceeded to rip it s 1000 pages up into several tens of thousands of little pieces. 
Interesting read for the extreme traveler. I loved the book, but hated how the author seems to be so selfish. Grow up, take care of your kids, and quit trying 
!. Lie to Me was the first book I had read by Mr. Martin. I was in high school about 5 or 6 years ago, I was a freshman. I 
We will never know for sure. I bought this book because one of best friends committed suicide and I wanted some answers. I have read all the reviews and was 
Buddhism and pragmatism confronted. So, what is the meaning of life ??This book confronts two very different views on the meaning of existence in a fascinating way. The first thing 
Great adventure for any child who loves history!. We purchased this for our son who loves historical fiction and it was a wonderful story based on a true story. It 
Glimpse Into Humanity. On several occassions, I found myself getting choked up while reading this book. It is intensly personal and we re lucky to be provided with an up 
This is a great book!. This was a great book with a wide variety of monologues to choose from. The commentaries were extremely helpful when I had to perform one 
Concise and easy to read. In only 202 pages who said professors can t boil things down to the essentials? free market solutions are outlined to address some of our 
A Vital and Prophetic Tool. A wonderful teaching tool. This book, like a solid, trustworthy, open pathway into the future awaits the readiness of men and women who are called 
Superb and &quot;kitchen friendly&quot; recipes for all occasions. In Entertaining Simply, John Sarich and Diana Dillard effectively collaborate to offer an innovative and timesaving compendium of instruction for creating wonderful 
Good Read. This is the first book I ve read by Lois McMaster Bujold. I really enjoyed it.She created a very believable and complex world. She had a nuanced approach 
I m a new dad. Great read for the new dad or the old dad. Have fun sharing the wisdom of our elders.  
To Be or Not to Be Indio. This second book by Jeffrey Gould is a remarkable investigation of the fate of Western Nicaragua s indigenous communities within the ladino national 
A Swashbuckling Romance. That some authors can so quickly descend into disfavor is baffling. Consider Robert Ludlum being forgotten in fifty years.But that was the fate of Rafael Sabatini, an 
Perfect!. I haven t tried all the recipes, but I make the New Year s Challah all the time and it is one of my favorite things. The Hamentaschen are 
A tribute to the people who created the legend. This year marks the 75th birthday of the world s most famous fictional girl detective, Nancy Drew. A fascinating new book 
It isn t all in your head Read this book & learn SO much!!. This book and another, Natural Hormone Balance, are two of the biggest reasons I started my 
Christian mystery. It s so nice to find an author who doesn t have evryone jumping in bed with everyone else and the language was very pleasing to the ear--no 
Truth on the Spiritual Path. This book should be read by everyone, and especially those interested in the afterlife NDE, spirituality, and psychic ability. When reading this book, those knowledgeable 
Astonishingly good book. This is an astonishingly good book, which integrates the best real estate research over the past decade into a practical textbook. It is pitched at masters level 
Trust and Betrayal in the Workplace. I am very impressed with the clear presentation of the complex issues of trust and betrayal. The book is easy to read and filled 
One of his best!. having read many of koontz s works, i have found this to be one of his best. i am biased, though, in that i appreciate koontz 
An amazing book. I loved the book you made. I think Shiloh is an awesome book. Keep writing and I ll keep reading. I love the drama and how marty 
Great Size and Easy use. We used this book for our trip to Italy and I found it to be a very big help. Also the small size made it 
purna swaraj. I learned a great deal from Mahatma Gandhiji 1869-1948 by reading NON-VIOLENT RESISTANCE. This book is a collection of articles written at the hand of Gandhiji for the 
More Than a Carpenter. Wonderful easy to follow discussion of how an non-believer researched the available information regarding the real identity of Jesus Christ. Well researched, clearly stated facts. Great 
 The future is coming and it is older than you think . This is an extremely interesting and important book. It seeks to identify the major social trend of 
The Story of a Stroke Survivor: A Hero, Her Family &amp; Friends. This book should be required reading for anyone in the field of rehabilitation. And it is a tremendously 
After Silence: Rape and MY Journy Back. I had to read this book for one of my Woman s Studies classes at Western Illinois University. I think this is a 
Humorous...if you think about it. This collection of stories and essays by David Sedaris definitely contains a lot of variety. Overall, I found the way the stories were dripping with 
I Am David. The book I Am David is about a boy that was in a concentration camp his entire life. David was given the chance to escape and he 
Insightful essays on the Almost Free Press. This is a serious collection of 10 academic essays about Al Jazeera, the 24-hour Arabic satellite-broadcasting network. In a sentence, Al Jazeera has 
A great translation of a great classic. Admittedly, this is the first translation of The Aeneid I ve ever read, but in some ways that was to my advantage. After 
A great read!. I was a little thrown off by the style of writing, but ceased to notice it after just a few short pages. The story was of the 
this is an excellent book. First off, this book lists all of the major dieties of the Forgotton realms, it gives stats and powers, and explains how the gods work. 
Generation X: A . Douglas Coupland created the name of an entire generation in Generation X, with his look at the lives of disaffected twentysomethings, in lives that lack an 
A very exaustive overview. I ve read many books on this theme,but I rarely came across a treatise so complete,so vast in scope ans so profound and well written, whit 
Comments of book &quot;The New Knowledge Management&quot;. The book The New Knowledge Management addresses some very intriguing concepts and provides some innovative thinking in the knowledge management area. It shows 
Brought bodybuilding into the spotlight. Before this book, bodybuilding was an obscure sport that nobody cared about or was interested in. Pumping Iron changed all that with it s realistic 
Excellent book for team building. This is an excellent book on true team building. I have been a part of ropes courses and other team building activities. In my opinion, 
Finally, a book that is easy-to-understand and apply. Dr. Stanley writes in the easy way that he teaches on this sensitive subject. He shares his own experience of coming to 
Sweet Story!. Wake Me Up In Spring is a wonderful little book to read with a young child. The interaction between two friends, a mouse and a bear, conveys the 
A very useful book. This is a very good book. It has more information on more subjects and record sources than any other book I know. It is generally very 
Wonderful!. Having loved the first four books in this series I was eager to read this one, until I read the other reviews, which were less than flattering. I am 
Chadwick does it again. Once again, scientist author Doug Chadwick has written a book that charms with its prose and intrigues with its message. One of the finest nature writers 
The Magic of Thinking Big. Refreshing audio, letting yourself be open-minded and then relate and apply what you hare to your present situation. This audio cd will is good for 
fun yoga diary. There are not images as I expected throughout the book. But the narrative is light and fun about learning yoga.  
Double Zeroes. House wins. The Dead Zone is quite possibly Stephen King s most moving work. Only a short way into this novel, written early in his career, the kind 
A mixed bag, redeemed by a handful of very strong contributions. The Best American Comics 2006, edited by Harvey Pekar and Anne Elizabeth Moore, is something of a mixed bag. 
GREAT MINDS ON THE SAME PATH. GREAT INFO TO KEEP ALL THE PLAYERS ON THE SAME GOAL AND PAGE  
Why is the golden rule golden?. Disparate as they may be in other ways, the world s constituted religions have all created their own formulations of the Golden Rule. Christianity: 
well worth the trouble. Portuguese Ferdinand Magellan departed the known world in 1519 to find a new route to the lucrative spice islands for Spain. One of his five ships 
A Fascinating Addition to Civil War Literature. This is a delightful book, and in many ways:1. It describes the life of a wonderfully interesting lady who didn t stay just 
The greatest debut ever. Maybe some people will not like it, but this book is as good as they come!. It s plot is superbly and tightly woven; the characters 
Clear, Precise and Actionable. During a conversation in Washington, DC in 1988, I was stunned by how succinctly my former professor Carl Sagan was able to summarize the behavior of 
recommend this for any golfer. great book, well written and illustrated. Breaking 100, 90, 80 will take any golfer s game to the next level  
Grace and Power: Jack and Jackie reign at the top of the White House Hill. Washington insider and biographer Sally Bedell Smith opens the doors to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue during 
Help Raise Your Child s Reading Level. My Child s 1st grade teacher told us that he had not progressed during the 1st grading period. He was still at a 
Enjoyable. This is the first time I ve read anything by Ellen Gilchrist and I was enthralled with her writing style. I enjoyed the stories and liked the characters and 
Telling it like it is.... Jayne Dixon Weber has been there.....she KNOWS what it s like to raise a child with fragile x syndrome. I met her on a trip 
The Rusty, Trusty Tractor. Great book according to my 2 year old son! I have to agree with him but probably our reasons differ -- he loves the colorful, fun 
Seminal work on the state of Native America. This book is the cornerstone of my library on contemporary Native America. As a Quinault-Cowlitz woman who has struggled with maintaining her 
A very useful crowd pleaser. I found this in a used bookstore a few years ago. Recognizing Moosewood as something my mom and oldest sister used, plus loving all kinds 
We LOVE this book!. Call me crazy...but I like this version better than the original. I think it flows much more nicely and my daughter 2 years old can say 
Very gripping, as usual. Bill Meyers has a way of tearing back the veil and showing readers the things that are going on all around us which we can t 
Draw a bubble bath for this book.... I have never written a review before but always read them before I buy a product.I started reading this book during spare moments 
a hard pill to swallow. Wow, what a read! Lots of info, LOTS of info. my head hurts . I started reading this almost completly out of obligation after all 
Great little gift for anyone. I gave this as a gift to a friend who has grown up all over the world and has a very ecletic taste in cuisine. 
Enthralling Speculation!. Will In The World draws the reader into the fascinating world of William Shakespeare. Drawing on the scanty information known about the Bard, author Stephen Greenblatt constructs the 
Wonderful poems. This books is a favorite of mine and memorable since childhood. The poems are sweet and the drawings are beautiful and made with love. A feel good book 
Bass essentials. Having not studied classically, the JS Bach book has helped my technique enormously and I can already see and feel improvements from playing the pieces. Enjoyable and interesting 
Enlightening, yet funny. More than one person has referred to Stark as the David Letterman of legal writing instructors. He advances the notion, also advanced by Bryan Garner and for 
A useful, although painful, reference. Based on documents first available in 1998 when the Vatican opened the archives of the Holy Office of the Inquisition, Kertzer challenges the conclusions of 
After 200 years, Shelley s still got it!. If you haven t seen gimmicky Frankenstein paraphanelia strewn about every grocery store in sight then you ve been living under a 
Amazing Book. This is one of the best books that I have ever read. Ms. Haye takes you through a journey of letting go, moving on, and actaully taking responsibility 
One of the most practical approaches to becoming an actor. This book is an essential to any actor who wants to truly understand that acting is living. His approach is 
Can t get enough of books like this!. The book I read before this one was Rosalind McKnight s Soul Journeys which I loved. Imagine my surprise when I picked 
The Crime is Clear: The Punishment Less Clear: The Motivation Least Clear. Those who read CRIME AND PUNISHMENT by Dostoevsky often approach it thinking that it is standard detective story, 
This is THE book!. amazing writing. Amazing contents. If you want to feel better and be healthier while understanding or at least starting to understand the meaning of life, get 
Great book. As a real live American Sailor I really enjoyed this book. Traven must have sailed as amercahnt marine to have written a book so close to ship life. 
Riemann s Zeta Function. A vey good synthesis of the state of the art at graduare level  
Wonderful. Communism used to have footholds everywhere, and the KGP was the true puppet master. However the KGBs rivals included other deviant forms of communism, heresies if you will, such 
Electrical Engineering Student Review. While the book contains useful information, a great deal of it is available online in various places, though it is a good all inclusive reference. I 
Excellent book for every parent and teacher. As a parent, I found the answers I needed in this book to help my children. My son was told he would never 
So Helpful. I am the co-owner of a growing software supply company. As you may have guessed, my business does not leave much time for private time, much less time 
My husband loves to cook with Giuliano s books!. We love Giuliano s new book How to Cook Italian! A few years ago we bought Every Night Italian and were 
A solid historic book. This is one of the rare historic books reflecting the Armenia-Azerbaijan conflict from both sides. It is reach in historic and political facts, and also reflects 
Catch an Avalanche of Bob Marley. Bob Marley is a giant in the world of music and Catch a Fire is the best available biography on the late reggae singer. 
Born Confused. In this moving and wonderful novel, Born Confused by Tanuja Desai Hidier, the reader is introduced to a suspenseful story of a young girl of seventeen, Dimple Lala, 
An Early Sci-Fi Classic. Edgar Rice Burroughs, well-known as the creator of Tarzan, was also a pioneer in the realm of science fiction. A Princess of Mars was originally written 
Great book about the truth of Islam... Liberals and Muslims usual whining and lies aside, this is a great an honest view of the brutal ideology of Muhammed s Islam....spot 
The Best Poetry Volume I Own. The works these selections are drawn from are out of print. That is a terrible shame, because this collection is stellar. The poems are 
I thought it was a witty, insightful political novel. I thoroughly enjoyed this, the first Jim Lehrer novel I ve read. I found it to be a witty, insightful probe 
To Live a Scoundrel, To Die a Hero. This is my favorite book by Gemmell for one reason and one reason only. Oh, I know that it doesn t have 
Wild and not-so-wild women. Not all the women in this book are wild, some aren t wild at all, but all the brief essays about them are interesting and amusing. 
Memories. It was a fovorite of our children. I purchased it for our grandchildren.A great book for children  
COMPULSIVE!. This is master storyteller SIDNEY SHELDON at his best! The plot is breath-taking. The characters are rich and well described. Unputdownable. Finished the book in 2 day  
Regarding Post? Modern Black Males. Two African-American, female journalists, the Natalies, discuss current topics related to African-American males. Oftentimes, I think journalists don t make quality booklength works. I am 
Are you on the bus?. Tom Wolfe has a very large head, containing I imagine a very large brain, and here he puts it to good use, chronicling the Hippie 
A real heartwarmer. My MIL gave this to me as a gift, and it s fantastic! While in some ways it s advertising for Macomber s novels, the theme gives 
Great book. The Johnstown Flood is a powerful work of historical writing that brings us to a time and place far removed from our present world. Johnstown was an isolated 
good! but not excellent. In this book nita and kit have to save dairine from getting in to much trouble w the lone power you see dairine has become a 
A fine introduction, but... This is a good, basic introduction to the history of math, but its promise of engaging philosophical issues falls short. It s not until Chapter XII 
Cool!. When Mary Anne sees a picture of a haircut, she goes to the parlor to cut her hair. But the BSC don t pay much attention to it. Mary 
LOVED IT!. I loved this story! I am from a large Italian family and I thorougly enjoyed the picture that was portrayed in this book. I could picture the city 
Great book for the beginner and connoiseur!!. Absolutely loved this book. I like to make my own sushi and this book is simply amazing. Excellent photos with very detailed instructions.I 
The best how-to book on storytelling. I have been through a number of the most popular books on corporate storytelling, and this is by far the most useful of them. 
One of the best. I have more than 2,000 cookbooks I m a cookbook editor , and only three of them stay in the kitchen; this is one and the 
Actually, not dated so much at all. I agree with the other reviewers as to the depth of Hofstadter s scholarship in this seminal work. However, in light of George 
Amazing!. Defently one of the best books I ve ever read. It contains 12 different stories that are happy, sad, and some were downright scary  
Love the Bathroom Readers!. They re all great, pack crammed full of mostly useless information! Great Buy  
Buy the book. I didn t think it possible to like Alan Alda more than I already did. It s a great book. Give it a read. You won t 
Atmospheric Amazing. Enigmatic and sublime. This stark noirish nightmare is as good as they get. Baer makes what almost could be called a surrealist hardboiled novel. Without lossing control of 
Excellent book for any eCommerce professional. The book is full of real-world examples and the content would make it an excellent text book for a class on eCommerce or ebXML 
Excellent book. This is an excellent book for any person in the construction industry. For a civil engineer involved in estimate, it is a must  
Great books for Peanuts fans. My 8 1 2 year old son is a HUGE Peanuts fan and I suggested these books as a gift idea. What a great gift! 
Good plot, written well & it all comes together. I find myself preferring the JP Beaumont over the Joanna Brady series by Jance. This book is a perfect reason why. 
Speak. I read the book Speak by Laurie Halse Anderson. Basicly the book is about a girl who is completly ignored in school because she called the cops during a 
This is a good study aid for students of Steinbeck. Many literary reviews and criticisms are so technical they are almostunapproachable, but Owen s analysis of The Grapes of Wrath 
Unique portrait of grief. Subtitled: New Understandings of LossStriking a tone that is neither clinical nor maudlin, author Tom Ellis does a good job of explaining grief in his book, 
Science with a Heart. Beautifully written, Medical Marvels is more than a thought provoking compendium of important medical advances. It is a commentary on the greatest medical discovery of all, 
PURE PLEASURE!!. Since they repackaged two from this series under the title of Harmony, I got these out and decided to reread them, and found I enjoyed them more the 
Gotta Knit It. The only problem you ll have with this book is trying to decide which of these adorable outfits to knit first! Each one is cuter than the 
Understanding Prayer. This is an excellent book explaining the context of the High Holidays. The thinking worshiper will certainly benefit from reading and studying this small volume. It should be 
Charming and memorable. I purchased the audio CDs for Cold Sassy Tree and found myself making excuses to drive around so I could find out what happened next in this 
equal parts smart and hot. i loved Try because it encompasses both the world of the heart and libido and the world of work and solitude in ways that feel 
A good update on Carr s `What is History? . I would recommend this book to anyone interested in keeping up-to-date with the development of History as a discipline in 
Jean-Luc does Dickens. My family has listened to this recording every year since we bought it in 1998. My kids grew up with it, know most of it by heart 
Actually written by people who have done it and know what they re talking about. This book is split into 3 logical sections: architectural concepts, organizational aspects and real world 
A Great Book For People Who Want to Promote Positive Change. As a manager in the corporate world, I found this book extremely helpful in planning ethics training for my 
Whither Europe?. Christ said you will know the works of something by its fruits. And the fruits of Islam?: suicide bombers, subjugation of women, female genital mutilation, enslavement, be-heading of 
Exhaustively researched, crisply written, judicious. Of the many literary biographies I ve read, only Peter Ackroyd s &quot;Dickens&quot; seems to me as &quot;definitive&quot; as Ms. Lee s terrifically compelling book. 
Back to the Basics. Among the many church growth specialists who want us to rethink the purpose of the church, the many theologians who want us to rethink the purpose 
The King of Fright. I got this book a long time ago. I have read it twice. Both times I ve had to sleep with the lights on for days 
A MUST READ FOR WOULD-BE CARS SALESPEOPLE. This is the blood and guts of the business!!! It gives would-be salespeople a great idea of how they would have to mutate 
talented writer. I don t know what it is about this book that I loved so much. Maybe it s just that Chaon is such a masterful writer that whatever 
A really wonderful book. I enjoyed this book immensely. It gave me insight into the psyche of a young man growing up in one of the darkest times in US 
Easy recipes, simple cooking, good humor. I actually read this book after college when I was still on a budget. The recipes are basic, the ingredients are cheap and they 
2nd edition suggestions ???. This is a great book and deserves 5 stars.Something I didn t see mentioned is how recording technology affected Jazz.It seems to me that it affected 
Good, and uncensored... Well, what can I say... If you re a Ghost in the Shell fan, and you don t like getting your mangas censored as in, entire pages 
Error shockingly missed by the editors. Just a brief comment on a glaring error that I was amazed found its way past the editors. At one point, protagonist Kinsey Millhone 
India by Radhika Jha. For those who collect coffee table books, as well as those who have a genuine facination of India, this book is a treasure. The majority of 
walking down memory lane. i loved this book. a great way to bring back old memories of my youth. it was hard to think of something that wasn t in 
Aboriginal Art - Howard Morphy. This beautiful reference book is full of beautiful photography of aboriginal art and Howard Morphy has researched this subject in great depth having lived with 
Excellent Resource. I purchased this book while at Bob Jones University. It covers a wide selection of topics that are used all the time. I have continualy come to this 
Here I go again...defending the underdog... I ll make this short and sweet like the book ...Lots of gore, sex and violence with a fairly original plot device...What more can 
A great gorilla!. When my son was born, two of our friends independently decided that the best way to buy him a baby gift was to take their young daughters 
Finder Is Quickly Emerging As a Major Player. Who has never wished for a higher paying job, a nicer home, more enjoyable or challenging or rewarding work? Wishing for something 
 ISAAC S STORM . NOT MUCH TO ADD TO THE GREAT REVIEWS I HAVE READ HERE SINCE READING THIS BOOK MYSELF . IF YOU ARE INTRIGUED OR JUST INTERESTED 
Helpful. I found this book to be helpful both in a classroom setting and in my own devotional time. It opened the Psalms up in a new way. I ve 
A short overview of history s greatest evil. Elie Wiesel is the writer who more than any other made the world aware of the Holocaust. He through the years has 
2ND BEST BOOK - AFTER THE HOLY BIBLE !. i spent the entire summer of 2006 starting in about may thru till november reading the left behind series in its 
Raw Street Literature with a Slight Twist. Joy put it down in these 2 novella based on Ghetto Love with a Spiritual Enlightenment. Both ladies, Baby Girl McCoy & Harlem 
An amazing life. One Of A Kind is truly an amazing book about an amazing life.On one of my trips to Las Vegas I was at Binion s with a 
Goes beyond playing notes!. This is a book I have read several times over, highlighted important text and applied to my everyday practicing. It is a excellent read on how 
The funniest book I ve ever read - and useful too!. This is Franken s masterpiece. Every single sentence is funny. Of all his books, this is the best  
Galloway s Book on Running. It s a very good book for beginners and advanced runners. It s easy to understand and friendly for reading. I m so happy with 
Marlowe sings with the lilting curve of an angel s wing. Marlowe is in a tough spot. A hulking behemoth who murders some folks and loves others is on the 
Another Elizabeth Berg Triumph. I normally cringe when I read Read by the Author on the front of a book on cassette because so many of them have no idea 
Deserves a wide audience. I found out about this book through the bibliography of a parenting book I enjoyed. I almost did not buy it, because I needed no further 
Sure to become tattered. Whenever I think of the books of my childhood, MIKE MULLIGAN AND HIS STEAM SHOVEL comes to mind. Somehow, it s images haunt me to this 
A Real Treat To Read!!!. I have just finised reading this excellent book and would urgeothers to peruse this earnest, thoughtful, caring and sometimes heartbreaking journal of growing up and 
A Life Less Ordinary. As I live my life, going from one task to another, there is a part of my brain that yearns for more, something a little closer 
4 snaps! LOL!. I had to give this book four snaps! I loved it! I was first introduced to this book after reading and falling in love with Hot Tamara 
Legal & Regulatory Environment of Business. Great Book. Better than the other Legal Business books. Great cases. Easy to read and understand. Great for Business law. Other books are more 
Great book!. I got this book from the library and decided I just had to own it! I love the parenting solutions outlined here and they have really made a 
Great analytical tool!. Beyond the great examples and readable style, this book practically condenses information taught in statistical and data analysis courses ... and presents it in an extremely useful 
Do you want information or clients? This book gives one, leads to the other. I purchased all of the VA books available and this is the only one you really 
A Solid Gold Hit by Greg and Tim. An Avid Disney LP Collector, I ve Been Anxiously Awaiting Mouse Tracks since News Came These Two Exceptional People and Disney LP 
Re-read this to re-live the year 2000 and all its quirks. I always trust Dave Barry to provide me with some quality laughs, and this book does not disappoint. He 
Great guide for parents. In preparing my son for sixth grade, I needed to have a basis for what he may be learning. This book gives an overall picture of 
Day Trading Hot Stocks Short Term. This book is good for the long term investor but it could use a few practical strategies for those interested in realistic short term 
Best Book Ever Made. I thought this book was awesome.If you want to read this book you should first read The City of Ember. It has alot of suspenseful moments. 
A help in times of trouble. Fran Caffey Sandin has done a wonderful job of putting together very important short pieces to address the things that plague Christians and non-Christians 
First-class professional exposition plus deep philosophy. This is a review of the edition of 1965 which appeared in Russian 1967 in my translation. The book contains a thorough exposition of 
Heck of a Book. James Herriot is a remarkable author. He proves this once again in the last of his set of novels, The Lord God Made Them All. In 
A re visioning of the Fifties. At least in my historical imagination, the 1950s tend to stand out as an extremely stereotyped decade. It reads as the triumph of the 
Another wow!. I always like Sylvia s books or CD s. This one is a nice one too. Lots of information in a nice chronological and organized way!!! Loved it!! 
Welcome to my nightmare. Forever Will You Suffer by Gary Frank is a deeply personal kind of horror story that gets inside the head and heart of the characters. I 
It is not for nothing Blake called him the Divine Milton. Milton is justly acclaimed as one of the greatest of all poets in the English language. His work has 
More Florida Post-Conviction History:. First an introduction: From 1986 - 1992 I was employed as an investigator at the Office of Capital Collateral Representative CCR in Tallahassee, Florida, where Scharlette 
Beware-Not a Series for All Tastes. Like many readers, I came to the Portuguese Irregular Verbs series through Alexander McCall Smith s charming Number One Ladies Detective Agency series. Right 
Simply one of the best. Achtemeier s commentary on Romans is simply the best commentary on the market for the layperson. Commentaries written by academics are often not useful to 
most borrowed book on earth. I like it when someone borrows your well-tattered grove press paperback copy of this book with a 20th century I m soooo jaded.. smirk on 
Great for Team Building Activity!. We used this book for a team building activity in our company. It was fantastic! Check it out at www.wilderdom.com games descriptions Zoom.html.  
The Heinlein Devotee s Bible. If you are a hard-core devotee of Robert A. Heinlein s literature not a casual fan, or someone who thought that Stranger In A Strange 
Very informative and helpful. The information presented in this book is very useful. It does a good job of covering the subjects with enough information so you can learn the 
delisherotic. We have lots of books about the economics of food and itsplace in the world s economy. There are books about the dieteticsof food and its relation to individual 
Excellent on Eritrea as well as Ethiopia. Smallchief mentioned that he had used this book in only in Ethiopia; I can attest that the Eritrea section is excellent as well. 
Too much of a good thing. Normally hot and slow sound like a good combination but not necessarily so this time. Hamilton as always excels at amazing creativy and storylines, 
Intensive, extensive, and perculating with possibility. Fortgang s workout Life Blueprint style is all about the doing, proving you re serious with action, and making choices based on gut instincts. 
formal review. i find that the book touches on many of the subjects that our professor teaches us, also between chapters they are not too long which makes reading and 
Joaquin Sorolla by Blanca Pons-Sorolla. The wait is over! This is it! If you are a fan of this elusive and spectacular artist, then you MUST!!!! own this book.The pictures 
Maybe it s an american thing... I find some very otherwise fine Brit writers a tad precious. The kid thing is cute once, twice, but three times and I m 
Old pratchett vs new pratchett. Pratchett books are divided into two categories: the pratchetts of old, with a side-splitting joke every page, or the new pratchetts, which are humorous but 
Very Good. I do think that the book was very very helpful. It had comprehensive information written in a clear and friendly way. I am pretty sure every parent has 
Excellent and extremely thorough. If I had to sum my thoughts about this book up in one word I would say, Thorough. My church group recently finished the Driven by 
Great read!. Wonderful job Kathleen! Great information for potential patients  
What s Hip Today Might Become Passe. Subtitled A Dictionary of Hipster Slang, this is a broad overview of mostly noirish beat slang that will be enjoyed mostly be devotees 
Now YOU can speak the language!. There is the language of America: English. Then there is the language of American Politics: Find all the words phrases in Hatchet Jobs and 
An excellent interdisciplinary endeavor. Miller s book provides the reader with an extremely well thought-out interdisciplinary journey through the issues current in Francophone African literature. His careful analysis is fully 
Every woman should read this!. Five years ago, I picked up Women s Bodies, Women s Wisdom at the library as a book on tape. I was astounded by Dr. 
Hope while growing up gay in alcoholic home. Michael Cart captures well the way an alcoholic parent can shape a child through his teenage years and beyond. His descriptions of 
Another Bosch Thriller!. Michael Connelly shows why he is the best writer within his genre. Harry Bosch receives a call that there is a confessor to the murder of a 
Riders - New Riders. There are two basic styles of English prose. One is that of Dashiell Hammett - short words, short sentences, short paragraphs, short chapters, short novels. The 
Deserves the highest acclaim it gets. I read this book after visiting Turkey and Jordan some years ago and was bedazzled by it in every respect. A remarkable military campaign, 
A great book but published sloppily. This book defines a connection game and proceeds to analyze them. About half the book is a catalog of all the connection games that 
Underground And Out Of Sight... Sort Of. A fan of Kim Baldwin, I was truly looking forward to reading `Hunter s Pursuit. I was most certainly not disappointed. She s 
Spots, spots and more spots!. While this tiny book does offer some important truths, it could be made even smaller if the author s central theme of color spots was 
Excellent Guide for the Beginner. I have never done a triathlon and this book was really amazing at helping understand every aspect of what to do to get ready and 
Excellent Primary Documentation. Author Anthony Sutton has done a remarkable job of documenting the insidious betrayal of the super wealthy American elite, who literally bankrolled the most brutal communist government 
Review of The Number Devil. This was a terrific find. My math hesitant child is actually enjoying the story. The fact that concepts some fairly high level are sneaked in 
An interesting look at Gangrel society. Gherbod Fleming s portrayal of the vampires in this book I found to be very close to what I had always envisioned. The book 
A practical, &quot;user friendly&quot;, invaluable instruction guide. In A Simple Guide to Self-Publishing, Mark Ortman lays out simple, concise, step-by-step &quot;how to&quot; guides for preparing, printing, distributing, and promoting a 
More of a reference. As part of the Dover Thrift Editions, this is a very affordable look into Stoic philosophy and insight into one of the emperors of the Roman 
One of the best available. If you have a modicum of introduction to the law, and need a guidebook on &quot;how to&quot; go about researching a legal question, this book 
Intuitive as it says. It s a great book for probability. Explain the abstract concept in an easy way. You will find out that you go through all those difficulties 
Well done and informative. If you need to understand the way the LA purchase was part of American history then this the book to read. The book does an excellent 
Yippee Skippe Crochet sweaters. Beautiful patterns and every single time I make a pattern from this book I learn something else that I did not allready know. Patterns cover all 
good book. An excellent read. If you enjoy the movie, then pick up the book  
Halley s bible handbook. This is a must have for ALL who would study the word of GO  
Great Reporting and Very Little Analysis. Another review is not needed, there are enough already, except to say this: the reporting is incredible; every page has new facts and new 
Worthy of Study. Popular works of history that focus on a particular year are becoming more and more common. On my own shelves I see the following titles: 1066 and 
Much more than a biography of one singer. Ruby Elzy, on the scant evidence of the one recording that I have yet heard St Louis Blues, in the film of 
A play of intrigue. A group of plays, of which this was a member, won first prize in Athens. Philoctetes had been left marooned on an island several years earlier 
The Forgotten Women. I m not sure why this book didn t win the National Book Club Award. I have read three of the other finalists and this is, by 
Still haven t read this book? And you say you love reading!!. This is a magnum-opus by Sheldon. The author is very much successful in keeping the interest of the 
This book was one of the best graduation gifts I received!. I got this in the mail a few weeks ago from a close family friend for a graduation gift. 
Important Explanation of the Rise and Fall of Spice Envy. `Spice - The History of a Temptation by historian Jack Turner is a work of cultural and culinary history which 
A fine read. Krauss prose has been described as poetic . It s a very apt description. THL is as much an extended prose poem on love, history, and the 
Great Book, Super Writing Style. I found this book to be written in a language that can be understood by an amateur at this subject like I am. His way 
intriguing biography. For us boomers raised on the remarkable 1950s Disney production, AMERICAN LEGEND substantiates much of the Davy Crocket TV shows, but also augments it with insight into how 
Good Usable Info. I ve read the book Getting to Yes and was a little concerned that this may be dry as well. This doesn t seem like a tough 
Solid information on the ghostwriting business. If you have ever thought about ghostwriting but really don t understand the industry or what the opportunities are then you will want to 
Class Action. Review from a reader. This is a must read for anyone considering a civil suit. Unlike the other reviewers, I did not feel this book glorified the lawyers. 
A world undone and another begun. During a recent trip to rural France, I was struck by the fact that every town, however small, had a stone memorial to its 
Good place to start. If you are new to DNS, DHCP, IIS, and WINS, buy this book. It guides you step by step in setting up a intranet internet server. 
WHAT A WONDERFUL BOOK!. This is one of those books that you look for, but seldom find. It is written so that it is easily read, easily understood, and easily 
Fascinating and Disturbing -- Definitely Worth Reading. This book examines the American prison system in an interesting and critical light. Mr. Hallinan discusses a myriad of issues relating to prisons 
Surprisingly easy and effective!. If you re like me, you aren t sure when you became old enough to wake up a little stiff and sore and are wondering if 
One of the best books out there on C# 2005 and .NET 2.0. First I would like to start off saying that this book is far from boring as I 
Love it or hate it. My my my. The hot and cold reviews that this book attracts are a reflection of why Sweeney claims to have written the book, I 
The guy s an expert. Mark Lewisohn has collected some great Beatles info that every fan should know. Every live performance, recording session, and even mixing dates are included here, 
Maze Crazy. Again for my son. He is a Maze Crazy kid and loved this one the best  
General-interest colleges to colleges strong in media studies will want this. Two popular journalists - one investigative, the other working in radio and TV - provide a new book exposing 
A Bit Like A 30 s Serial. Frabato Bardon battles the Evil Lodge on the eve of WWII. This book is written in a Flash Gordon Vs. The Cosmic Meanies 
Not sure what he s trying for. If you read this book looking for ways that your product, company, or whatever could be marketed for wild success then you will 
I have two of his three books and..... .............I think he does a wonderful job at putting these works together. The only bone I have a the moment is that 
The other side of silence... I have read this book, Mr. Moon s &quot;Divide and Quit&quot;, Mr. Khosla s work, &quot;Stern Reckoning&quot; amongst others on the subject of the Partition. 
needs perspective. One review says this book is Part critical history, part personal memoir, part celebration, and part meditation. This is accurate - though some parts are larger than others. 
Could not get into this one. I felt that the writer tried too hard to be hip, cool and funny and because of this, it was difficult to read this 
A Coming of Age Story?. When I finished reading this book I really didn t know what to think of it. While reading it I constantly felt like I was 
Perfect Phrases for Setting Performance Goals. When I order this book, I thought I will get lots of ready-to-use Goals which I can esay to set my subordinate s Goals. 
PERHAPS DEAVER S WORST BOOK?. Is this Deaver s worst book? I honestly don t know because I haven t read everything he s written. However, I can emphatically say 
Not the book that I thought it would be. This book was extremely disappointing. A great volume of the book was filled with details about individuals who have an interest 
Typcial Tripe. Another attempt to blame whitey for all the ills of others. Hey, who enslaved your people in the first place? Answer that! My answer to those who blame 
More of the Same. I was really excited about getting this book, after reading all the reviews. It appeared as if there was something new out there. Then I read 
mostly soldering. I do not solder so this book was not very helpful. If you can solder this book is excellent. I do wirework but with soldering required for most 
Cheesy, corny, lame, hokey. What a terrible story, was unable to finish it, Stuart Woods was at one time a very good author, but when he started with Holly and 
Yuck!. Man, oh man, I think this is one of the worst books I ve ever read. If I could give The Thanatos Syndrome negative stars, I would!Seriously, half way 
The control freak s bible!. I have given Skinner s book I star, because it was required to write a review. I consider its ideas dangerous - for the simple 
Utterly ridiculous - even for fiction. When yours truly was eleven and in Reading class, Incident was required reading. This had to be the most ridiculous book that I ever 
Strengths and Weaknesses. The worksheets are helpful in applying what Malphurs has just covered. The book is loaded with practical hints and tips. The biggest drawback is that Malphurs relies 
aes sedai are sooo boring. the first chapter was awesome... lan gearing up for a battle, there s suspense, there s a promise of action, i was excited to read 
This books sucks. When is everyone going to learn - there is no such thing as a how-to-get-rich book. The title for the book is a joke itself. Trump and 
Reaching New Lows in True Crime Books. This book is all about Melanie Thernstrom, and not much about Bibi Lee.It s incredibly verbose, disjointed, and boring. You could cut it 
Hard to Believe this Author Won a Booker Prize. I found this book entirely lame. I am surprised that the same person who wrote Blind Assasin Booker Prize wrote this. 
Garbage. Evolution is supported by mountains and mountains of documented, irrefutable evidence from educated, professional, intelligent people who have simply followed the course of where their research took them. It 
Started strong, lost interest half way through. This book started really strong and started dying about half way through. The first half flowed pretty nicely, the authors all had very 
Beware - Not for Young Children. This book has been read to my child who is 3 years old. Because of this book my chold has not been able to 
Not up to the usual high standards. The thrilling mystery story that we have come to expect from Anne Perry takes a new twist in this book. Perhaps inspired by 
Oh, John Steinbeck, why?. John Steinbeck is one of my favorite authors. I love Of Mice And Men, East of Eden, and The Grapes Of Wrath. But this 4-part story 
If it looks like a lemon and it tastes like a lemon ... Sad to say, I to agree with the previous reviewer - this book is a real disappointment.Of 
The most disappointing book in the series... When this book first came out, I thought it would be great. I was very disappointed by the brevity and superficial coverage of 
Don t waste your money. Should be printed on toilet paper so you can use it  
Dreadful. Alexander Pope was not of the Romantic period, and any book that thinks he was can be no guide to a GRE Subject Test. This alleged prep text splits 
WHAT????. I was so disappointed in this book. I found it very hard to believe that Jonathan Kellerman actually wrote this book. I found it downright corny the way Alex 
Is Acid Really the Cause of Our Problems?. I have read this book and I do not agree with it. Certainly eating vegetables is a good way to go and 
Beginner Book. Before I get to the subject matter, I must say that this book definitely should have been edited much better. There are small, but distracting mistakes quite often. 
The confusing guide to sprouting. Full of confusing ideas, all scattered information, guides to nowhere. The auther tries to be witty and funny, but his jokes are nothing but disgusting 
A Disappointing Mess. I picked up the first book in this series The Eyre Affair based purely on its premise and was left somewhat underwhelmed. Still, the potential for the 
Goes back and forth between pathetic and funny. Too much of the former. I don t for a second believe that Burroughs is telling the truth about his life -- 
Overly simplistic.. Barber s analysis ignores important facts in order to prove his thesis about how the primary battle in the world being between the free market and religious fundamentalism. 
Another American myth. I haven t actually read the book, but the title says it all...the author doesn t understand economics!Wealth is made by the ingenuity of the people who 
Weak book. This is a bubble gum type of book that does not teach anything about making money on the markets. It is a platform to sell Investor Business Daily 
Basic statistics mistakes abound, a lot in the book is based on errorneous calculations. I can t tell if this book is good guide for investing or not, but it 
Big if you read at a 5th Grade level. Building Big reminds me of a book I owned as a boy called &quot;How do they build it?&quot; Slick pictures of 
Flat and Flippant. Hugh Farnham is a blue-collar survivalist who likes to play Bridge. His college-age daughter Karen, her friend Barbara, his lawyer son Duke, his alcoholic wife Grace, and 
Is is a book?. I was expencting a book the same size as the book by Lee Strobel The Case for Christ. This is only a pocket sized book, and 
Poor Richard. As I was dozing off lightly while reading this book, I thought I sensed a fleeting glimpse of Richard Bach s editor. &quot;Richard&quot;, I thought I heard her 
Off of my shelf a book that chills... I think I never want to seeAnother stanza by A.E.I pity now the friends of Terence,And eke his siblings, pets and parents.For 
I didn t like this book at all. This author leaves so many unanswered questions. The cover should have had a picture of Fabio on it, and Barbara Cartland co-author 
breaking through. ANTHONY JOHNSTONJAN. 11, 2007 BREAKING THROUGH BOOK REVIEWThe book is Breaking Through and the author is Francisco Jimenez. The main person in the book is the author. It 
Aftermath : A Novel of Suspence. This is the longest 466 page book that I have ever read. The the Holy Bible is a quicker read. It was the first 
Flat and uninspiring history of a great city. The book attempts to be more that an architectural history and fails miserably. They tried to use architecture as a way of 
I didn t like it. No color pictures, it has black white &quot;drawn&quot; pictures, but the information about each plant has a lot of detail  
A thought-provoking counterpoint. I strongly encourage the thoughtful reader to consider this book alongside any of the sloppily-produced, poorly-edited, these people are attempting to destroy our country books produced by 
SAME EXACT BOOK DIFFERENT COVER. I ordered two Kitchen Books. Great Kitchens: Design Ideas from Top Chefs AND Great Kitchens: At Home with Top American Chefs. GUESS WHAT? Same book. 
Author ran out of relevant material. The title of the book held great potential. The first half of the publication was okay, however, from there on the author appears to 
Sardonic putdowns ruin the content of this book. I bought this book thinking it would guide me to fun and funky places to visit that were off the beaten track. 
loose sprockets on cassettes. I was disappointed with my purchase. The first two tapes in the series were fine, but when I inserted the 3rd tape into my machine the 
Utter disappointment. Being a fan of such authors as J.R.R. Tolkien, H.G. Wells, and C.S. Lewis, I figured I d try and broaden my horizons by reading a book about 
a sad end. i was as engrossed in the characers of Liath and Sanglant as i was in Darcy and Elizabeth. the first six books were filled with up-all-night story 
Confused Bio. This biography on the Wrights is a confused mess. Adams tells the story by visitng locations where the Wrights made history, but during these travels we learn more 
Structurally unsound, clich ridden, an obvious trajectory. Cold Mountain is an unfortunate novel. It is unfortunate it won the National Book award why did it win? . The novel has 
you get more organized info reading forums. The pages from the book to view on Amazon misrepresent the book, as well as the title. It is a disorganized collection of 
the world of the witches. this book gives an overview of witchcraft in many forms and how it has been viewed over the centuries by differing religius sects. a long 
not very useful. The most valuable thing I learn is from another book: rent a multi-family vacation house with my friends, 16 people for 199 a day. We all enjoy 
Unless you re rich, don t bother with this one!. All I wanted was some simple instruction on how to build good, strong stalls. Not only did the very small 
Dated novel that doesn t ring true on any level. I can accept that this book was a classic in its day and obviously you had to be there then 
Uniformly Bland. A uniformly bland book. The author says in 11 chapters what could easily be said in a couple of paragraphs. And then, in the final chapter, he completely 
Stick with the original. I grew up reading the Chip Hilton books and loved every one of them. A few years back, Claire Bee s daughter and her husband decided 
Mean and Bitter Tone Throughout. Before reading this book, I was extremely cautious to avoid any information review which might spoil and prejudice my opinion. In that I was successful.It 
Sub Par Performance, Desperation Better. First off, Desperation and The Regulators is not the same story. Yes certain characters are used, some in name only but that s all apart 
Wigged Out at 12. I was assigned to read The Bumblebee Flies Anyway for class in 7th grade. And I have loathed it ever since. As I am now in 
Very Disappointed. I was really disappointed especially because I had read so many positive reviews of the book. It very boring and the only exercises there actually were was one 
The Operation was not a success... Philip Roth is a taste I haven t acquired yet. He is lauded by critics - including Harold Bloom, who just happens to be 
Depressing. The characters are all really depressing and it is another one of those styles in which improper grammar and a lack of literacy is used all throughout it. It 
If you are over 12, Don t Bother Reading this Book. This was the first Ludlum book I have read. I bought several and now am thinking I ve wasted 
A SAD PIECE OF GARBAGE. I am in definite agreement with the majority of the reviews. Would I Lie to You is a sad piece of evidence of what happens 
WAAAAY TOO TECHNICAL. Too much time spent on the mathematics of sound transfer and acoustics. Not enough on how to build the studio. Could not find a &quot;complete parts list&quot; 
The Witch s Tongue. The Charlie Moon series is getting more amusing and more spiritual , for lack of a better word, as it evolves. Certainly, Moon has become a 
A tiresome read!. Mr. Hershey has written some beautiful descriptions of the nature that surrounds him. He writes it over and over and over again. This is a tedoius little 
An Exact Copy Of Franz s Other Book. First, let me say that I TOTALLY disagree with other reviewers who have said that this is nothing more than a re-hashing 
Don t like. My two year old really doesn t like this book. I got it since all the other books we have by the same author are really cute. 
Clever and at times entertaining, but disappointing. While I liked parts of this book very much, it needed editing. The sequence near the end in Venice was pure agony and 
A lamb in wolf s clothing. This book will sucker you, and I don t mean that in a good way. It starts out as a hard-nosed, nicely-written discussion of 
Puh-lease!!! Give me a break with the drama!. I could not put this one down- I finished it in one evening, I just couldn t wait to find out what 
Not the usual &quot;Wilton&quot; look in cakes. Jenne has some fun, creative and original ideas for cake decorating. Yes, they do look a bit sloppy, but then these are not 
huh?. While I liked following the new perspectives of an old favorite, it seemed like Tennant was trying too hard to write as a classic. I was often confused by 
Weight Watcher s Vegetarian Cookbook. This cookbook is okay if you love to cook. Many of the recipes have a lot of ingredients and take time to prepare. If you 
Tedious... This book kicks off the Second Foundation trilogy--and makes rather a mess of things. Oh, some parts have virtues. The early history of Hari and Dors, for instance. But 
Not the great book people seem to think it is. This is a book that could should? have faded into history without being a great loss to the world. Yes, 
Informative, but how will it look in my garden?. Although the information in the book is detailed, more pictures are needed to give some idea how these trees and shrubs 
The real playbook is,,,, fake reviews. This is book is clearly a slapdash effort to get published. If it were from academia it would be the product of the publish 
I Hated It!. I realize that I am in the minority here, but this book did not have what Earth Song had. When I read Earth Song, I could not 
Strong in a few areas, but some serious gaps... As someone interested in making a possible career change into the actuarial profession, I purchased this book hoping to get a 
worst one i ve ever read. I really want to write to Dr. B what inspired him to write such a fabulous book!this book s contents are messy. I am 
Impossible to read. Its filled with grammatical mistakes that translate into logical fallacies. It is extremely long winded and repetitive. The author goes no where with the material. I recommmend 
A Hastily thrown together book. I ve heard a lot about MS. Ray s show on the Food Network, so I thought this book might be an interesting addition to 
Red Lily. The story was slow, predictable and boring. I am still amazed I hung in there and finished reading it. It s a dud in my opinion  
Buy a book on probability instead. This book is mostly built around the idea I wish it were true = it is true . While this book has innate appeal 
Okay read. Awful ending. The basic plot was a little incredible - the idea that this junior partner could fake his death and run off with a fortune was somewhat 
might as well be in Greek. Basic primitives? Professor Milner, If you are writing a book for students, it helps if you make it comprehensible. We didn t all go 
Let its title not fool you!. When I am writing a script, I use about 80 of the time making a good treatment, since it is what will allow you 
A Simple Mind. I know a lot of people liked this book, but it didn t work for me. The main character and his buddies run around like chickens with 
Dimly radiant. This one of the worst books I have ever purchased. It does not provide &quot;real answers contractors need&quot; as is advertized on the cover. The information provided is 
kcr. I found this book to be poorly reasoned. While the author claims to have well supported conlcusions, the vast majority of her conclusions do NOT follow from the research 
Throw it away. I thought the book was a bunch of bolagna. I didnt care for it at all and someone should burn it. The only reason i liked it 
the power to change comes from ones self - not in the heavens. I expected a more pure yoga approach to this most serious subject; depression. Some depression is caused 
Good information; poor presentation. The information contained in this book is sound, and the coverage of a variety of topics is relatively thorough. It is, however, difficult to appreciate these 
Did not keep my interest, despite all the right ingredients. I was looking for a real thriller, and thought I would try one by David Baldacci. I had read a 
Not well researched. There doesn t seem to be any voice to the author. This book is like a college term paper on DOGME--I give it a C. The book 
For Wannabee Hippies. I think if you re an old hippie like me you know everything in this book already..Now if you can justttt remember it!!! LOL I think it 
Where are the scripts???. If you release a second edition you need to support a second edition, that includes the publisher s website and the downloadable scripts that go with 
Not great. It was ok. I strongly dislike the character that has an empathy for machines. Just ridiculous. And he was one of the cruxes of the story! Brian Lumley 
Inaccurate advice and some expensive suggestions. I read this book hoping to find another way to try and treat my dogs skin problems and with the interest to start feeding 
Questionable scientific merit on some subtopics. While the author provides a good, concise overview of NFP techniques, she makes some assertions that are not supported by scientific evidence. For example:1 
Wow, how did this ever get published?. This is just a REALLY bad book. First I blame James Patterson, but I really REALLY blame his editor. What editor worth his 
Completely Useless. I was shocked at how bad this CD was. I absolutely loved Mars & Venus so I tried this one. First off he is just talking in a 
Sorry I didn t mean to write a review on this. My mistake, funk music is a bit annoyin  
a mixed bag. While interesting enough to keep me reading, overall the book wasn t what I might have expected. Loaned to me, I had not read any of her 
A clone book of ideas and no reference to others. Reading this leadership pipeline I became really astonished of seeing here all the ideas of Elliott Jaques and Gillian Stamp 
Deceptively racist. The chief problem that I have with this book is that on almost every page, Gordon provides an example of how some phenomenon of Memphis was responsible for 
Peter Smith hardcover WARNING!!!. If you re considering buying the Peter Smith edition of this book, note that it is NOT a new edition in hardcover but the Vintage International 
wanderings of a non-structured mind. does not live up to the hype, no wonder he works with Jakob Nielsen, same thinking structures erm. nice idea seeds, would fit into a 
Product NOT a kit - two heavy books!. Thoroughly disgusted with this order. Thought I was ordering a kit to make some robots, but received two huge books for my 
What is all the fuss about?. I really don t understand why she has been compared to serious mystery writers. The only mystery is that I was gullible enough to 
not so great overall. There is a lot of good info in the book if you could see the illustrations well enough to know what s going on. The book 
Quick read-not much else. My mom left this book at my house.So I thought... Hey, free book. If you read quickly and frequently you should go ahead and give this 
Say What. The book was a disappointment.As a parent I was looking for a book to show my 10 year old not to judge his autistic brother on what other 
a somewhat faulted account of feminist spiritual awakening. Sue Monk Kidd was raised in the conservative South; she went to charm school; several of the men in her family are 
Keep Looking. There are plenty of excellent Play Therapy books out there, this is not one of them. Maybe it s just me, but a play therapy book should be 
reinforced dogma. If you want your dogma reinforced then this is a great book. It blazes through philosophical arguments with proposterous nerve.example 1. The problem of evil is solved thus: 
Truly Disappointing. I am amazed at the people who raved about this cookbook because as a cookbook, it s a dismal failure. The recipes are contrived and uninteresting. Virtually none 
Well, there is NO easier, softer way....AA 101. It boils down to quitting your addiction, cold. And it s hard, really really hard. Personnaly speaking, I m addicted to alcohol 
For Complete Beginners only. I really wanted so much to like this book, but I was pretty disappointed. I had expected something much more advanced. This book is for complete 
Disappointing. I was under the impression that this book was a true to life accounting of events leading up to the Tet Offensive of 1968. I bought the book based 
Where is it?. I ordered this book and eventually amazon cancelled the order because it was not available. The then ask me to review it? Where is it?Rev bruce  
Nice Intro... The best part about this book was the intro. In fact all you need to understand what the late Mr. Bloom was trying to put forth is in 
Self love. I love books about China and so I thought this would be an interesting insight into another life there. What it turned out to be was an endless 
I d throw it away, but then I d worry that some homeless person might get stuck reading it. I can not describe how painful this book was. The first 
Ambition is the death of thought. ``People say again and again that philosophy doesn t really progress, that we arestill occupied with the same philosophical problems as were theGreeks.But the 
Wrong Information. The author of this book needs to check his research next time. He wrongly claims that the early settlement of Auraria grew into the present suburb of Aurora--page 
PLEASE...don t waste your time. I bought this book because of the 4 star rating by readers. Let me be candid....what the hell were they reading? This book is simply 
The New Age Magic Eight Ball. I m a retired Drama Coach, now a Life Coach. Always looking for new techniques with which to help my clients, I bought and 
If you want positive - find another book. Kathy may have been doing dog training for 20 years but she isn t staying current with what s happening in dog 
a book with LOTS OF ERRORS. This is a book for people who do NOT work on designing video devices. If you want to build something based on this book, 
Not so hot -- worst of series. B HI ve liked all of the Dianne Mott Davidson books, but this was the weakest, by far. What a snotty kid Arch 
I WILL TRY AGAIN. I read this book after it was recommended to me and I came with high expectations, maybe too high. While I respect the writer as a 
A Message to the Author and APRESS - Rather Steep Learning Curve. I have rated this book 2 stars as a message to the author. I have bought copies of 
Where did the villain come from??. Am I the only one who read this book?? The Killer s identity is revealed only in the last 20 pages or so. There 
Bla Bla -- Bad Bad. This book of trivia had the most typographical errors of any book I have read in 40 years! The grammar was also questionable on many 
INSIDIOUS!. The boorish broad from Baltimore strikes again! What makes this book so insidious is the way that the heroine peppers her pseudo-intellectual do-goodisms with an underlying capitalist mentality. Given 
More fiction than history. This book enlightens us more about the author, Thomas Fleming - his libertarian and paleo-conservative biases - than it does about Franklin Roosevelt, the New Deal, 
Streetwise Mexico City = Junk!. Worst map purchase ever made, never again.Look like Mexico City is totally incomplete & I know Mexico City.This was purchased for a friend who is 
Amateur-hour scrawlings of a drunk. Poor man was so confused, he couldn t complete a thought and mistook his confusion for enlightenment. If he d only seen a psychiatrist for 
Full of errors, based on Beta version of game. Don t buy this. There s more accurate information online about HOMM5. This is the poorest Game Guide I ve ever 
Severely Outdated & Worthless. The book was written before the peso devaluation and subsequent crisis and is utterly useless unless you need a paperweight. This 3rd Edition is dated March 
Randal Terry proxy. Wolf s religious conversion to the anti-choice cult winning citations from Priests for life among other seedy sources makes her a good candidate for sermonizing at a 
LAME!. I bought this book to learn about switching power supplies. The types are not dicussed. The formulas given to calculate inductor values generate results that contradict each other and 
A good book for indiscriminate followers. If you are looking for a pro socialist but surprisingly anti-postmodern and horribly pessimistic view of American society, I recommend this book. If you 
Very Disappointing. I m a long time fan of Iris Johansen s books, but I found On The Run very disappointing. The character and relationship development was weak when compared 
Entertaining but Incredibly Flawed. What can I say about Eva Peron that hasn t already been said? Her unparalleled power & beauty have become legendary and so has her bad 
Not a Good Tie In. Smallville fans will buy this book because there isn t enough books on Smallville. However, you will be disappointed because there are tons of errors, 
A VERY Misleading Title!. Buyer Beware! This book, titled, Stealing Love: Confessions of a Dognapper doesn t begin to even MENTION the author s dognapping until page 237 in a 
 The Glorious Cause is glorious. This is one of the best books I have ever read on the Revolutionary War. Even though it is technically classified as a novel, 
so what s a 5 piece place setting worth?. Just a simple question, right? Wrong! I paid a lot of moneyhoping to find an answer to my question. This book 
Strange, strange choices. This is not the translation by Arthur Waley which is very good but the one by D.C. Lau. Since Lau s translation was first published, a number 
I guess I don t even qualify as a Dummy . While Stephen Davis is obviously a very competent programmer his teaching skills leave something to be desired. His treatment 
Data, Voice, and Video Cabling. Very dissappointing. The video cabling section didn t discuss splitters, taps, attenuators, modulators,signal loss and many other areas of video installation. The other sections were 
Disappointing!. Varshney had the opportunity to examine the Hindu-Muslim divide in India using fresh glasses, and he has failed at it. His book is a litany of hackneyed generalizations and 
That didn t taste like I thought it would... I wanted to read some fantasy, some high IQ stuff, some thought-provoking short stories I could read on the DART getting 
Post-modern emergent fluff. Doug starts with a warning cry that pastors and spreachers pose a danger to the church. He tells us to re-image preaching but in the process reinvents 
coming out. how bad can she get???? i loved so many of her books....but this one was bad...dont bother....read her older ones.. Echoes is the best book of hers...i loved 
Dont buy from amazon. Attn all students! Amazon promises to send books by a specific date then changes the dates without your consent. Trying to get a refund is a 
Not Received Yet. I have not received this order yet. I am contacting the supplier now  
SURVIVING ON THE RUMORS OF ITS SORDID REPUTATION. I heard about this book growing up but didn t read it until just recently a middle-aged adult and I have to 
Not what I expected... I found the book description somewhat misleading. This is a socialogical study not a biographical look at the lives of Japanese women in domestic service. The 
Disappointing. It has nothing but pre-published photos we have all seen before in magazines. The tats aren t even shown. They talk about how Angelina has a lot of them 
disorganized. difficult for the newcomer to matisse. Ms. Spurling has done a lot of research, and clearly knows a lot about Matisse. But for a newcomer to Matisse, her presentation 
An outline, at best. I ve just taken my real estate exam in Illinois, and I can tell you this book is completely useless with the sole exception of the 
Generic. Poorly written, you could insert any other adventure hero s name and it could be that novel. Personally I used my copy to help me fall asleep a day 
Complete waste of your money and time. I have always been intrigued by Mr.Cramer, when I found this smallish book I decided to read what he had to say about 
eh. eh. i was dying to read this after geography club that book rocks but this one....like i said...eh. it was campy. sigh. i guess campy is is a bad 
A book written by a sycophant for other sycophants . Suggest for all genuinely interested in this topic , to refer to Rabbi David Berger s book , The Rebbe 
Big Disappointment. I tried to stay with this book to the end, but alas, I tossed it with only about 20 pages left. By this time the plot had become 
Book Not Representative of Catholic Faith. This book is pure heresy clothed in feel-good, new age sounding terminology. The author blatantly states that he doesn t believe in the basic 
When have men EVER been the inferior sex? . That s what I want to know. To all you men who are threatened by feminism, don t worry. We still 
Should have been titled - A bum s Life . I picked up this book after seeing David Sedaris on a late night talk show. He seemed hilarious, almost like 
I paid 14 bucks for this?. This is not to fault the vendor from whom I purchased this item used, the price as new was even more. And not to 
Disbelief really hard to suspend!. Mine got unsuspended with the second boyfriend s death.I am a great fan of Nora Roberts and really looked forward to this book. Believe me, 
Gripping, but Misguided. Gail Griffith writes very well and this is indeed a gripping story. Lots of compassion is demonstrated for suicidal and depressed teens. Nevertheless the book is very 
The author reveals himself... The author reveals himself and not the topic. The American revolution was complex like all human dramas. Historians give meaning when they bring to the surface 
A Failed Attempt. This book is sloppily edited, with numerous typos in the equations. Page 91 has two symbolic errors plus a text error.Overbar omitted twice on page 19 giving 
Where is the writer that once crafted Hyperion?. It is amazing that a writer with the skill to craft Hyperion, after that crafts a book like Ilium and Olympus.The good 
Disappointed. I m taking Wilton cake decorating classes, so I purchased several cake decorating books to practice the techniques I ve been learning. This book is an art book as 
Shallow, repetitive, no great insights but plenty of fluff. I am preparing a PowerPoint class for people who already know the mechanics of PowerPoint but need a class on how 
Doesn t necessarily promote health. I read this book and tried the diet for three weeks. Although I didn t feel hungry and thought the shakes were okay, I found 
Please do NOT read. I did not finish the book I got about 70 of the way through before I realized I could not bear to read one more page 
what happened?. This is one of the ONLY books by Nora Roberts I can actually say I didnt like. It was SO dissapointing I got mad everytime I looked at 
Better than book on Iraq. I had read this one before I read the author s book on Iraq and it is the best of the two, but still I 
Not Ideal Models for Kids to Emulate. The Junie B. Jones series represents thoughtful storytelling replete with the sorts of syntactic and semantic errors that all thoughtful parents try to 
Repitious. This is a compendium of several articles. Haught makes the same argument over and over again - that God loves the world so much that he is willing to 
For the plain and simple. This book is oragnized into sections - Getting Started, Organizing Room by Room, Organizing Finances, Organizing Time, Organizing Home Life, and Organizing Transitions.Who needs an 
Ohhhh please..... Amazon should be ashamed to be selling this. It looks like someone ran it through a photocopier. NOT WORTH THE MONEY. A total waste of time and cash. 
many picture ideas, short on substance. A book with a picture collection of ideas, but very dated if not outdated. Many kitchens appear based from the 1960s era. The book 
Not so great. I have read several books from WWII fighter pilots. I found this one lacking in any description of what combat was like except for a few episodes. 
The world according to David Mamet. I found this book pedantic. Was there really a need for so many 5 syllable, grab the dictionary words when Mr. Mamet s stream 
A total misrepresntation representation A JLG admirerer . This small book of dialogues between Godard and Youssef Ishaghpour is, to put it mildly, a total rip off. In their dialogues 
politcal joke. I recently lost a lot respect for michael after he said burn the Mexican flag . How about if we burn the israelie flag. After all it was 
a dose of fantasy. The book will not tell you how new forms of organizing will recreate the labor movement. It isn t even clear that the author is able 
Its All Been Said Before. This was a disappointing book. Besides being long-winded and self-indulgent, if not downright egotistical,the book repeats that which has long been at the core of 
Entire Premise Skewed Toward Extroversion. As a former hospital chaplain, mental health therapist, and one-time patient, I am greatly put off by the author s assumptions and arrogance concerning group 
Less than impressed. This book has a lot of funiture plans in it but the plans are too small with some descriptions lengths etc being so small you needed a 
liberal knee-jerk, anti-American, anti-Christian book!!!!! WATCH OUT!!!. By now we all love Christianity, with its lovable skull-crushing God, deathless Jesus, and the silly angels as well. We especially love the 
I threw this book away. It s true, I threw this book away because I foolishly highlighted it right from the beginning, otherwise I would have just taken it back 
Not even for the airplane. If you enjoy a good, tightly plotted thriller -- read something else. This flabby, clunky and completely unbelievable story labors to its silly ending wheezing 
metonymic overkill. I suppose there is some dramatic action to this novel -- we do have the obligatory scandal and ensuing suicide. And yet the writing feels static, as if 
How can a writer this bad sell so many books?. Someone gave me this book and told me how thrilling it was. Halfway through, I find myself still reading it 
Working Moms Don t Bother. I was so excited when I bought this book. Dispair set in once I disovered the focus was on stay at home moms of very 
She Made It Even Harder To Get By. Ehrenreich is the kind of journalist I despise. One who thinks her insights are so important that it doesn t matter how 
Don t Waste Your Time!. Please do not bother to order this book. The company will take your money and weeks later decide to send you an email stating that 
worthless rhetoric. This book is summarized in a single sentence be a good teacher . All the supporting comments should only take up a paragraph - not a book. And 
Don t waste your time even looking at this book. You get more indepth information reading the help files in a 3d program. Save your money. Also, someone reviewed it 
Didn t get past the first three pages. If those writing negative reviews about this book are Opus Dei members, then those writing positive reviews about this book are limp 
Don t know much about 50 states. I have read and reviewed many children s books in my 28 years as an elementary school librarian, and have found none with 
A Mess of Storytelling. Reading through John Irving s The Cider House Rules, I found myself continuing to read mostly out of a desire to have the book over and 
A disappointment!. We all have bad days, but what was Robin Cook thinking in allowing this book to be published? It is full of errors, and the plot just doesn 
Too much information crammed in one single book. I agree with Keith here on the irritant QUOTE constant referencing of graphs and figures, as well as notations from previous chapters, 
Where s the mystery?. I wouldn t use this collection as an intro to mystery fiction, since it barely touches on the traditional aspects of the genre. It is, however, 
A Disappointing Novel. Reilly fans will probably find his latest novel to be quite a disappointment. For some reason, Reilly forsakes all the things that made his earlier books great. 
more attention please to story construction and dialogue. I preordered this book in hardback, as I have all the author s books since they first started coming out in hardback, 
Of another time. An 18th century author writing about the dark ages. It reads more like incidents within a narrative rather than a single story. I found the ending abrupt 
What On Earth....?. I am a huge fan of Ms Morrison. IMO she should have won a Pulitzer for The Bluest Eye . But I find her increasingly difficult to 
Cook just wanted to get paid. This is a horrible book. I liked Abduction , but Chromosome 6 is a piece of trash in comparrison. The main problem is the 
Planned obsolescence. Copyrighted in 2001, the Cisco CCNP library has already been rendered obsolete by Cisco themselves. Not only exam revisions, but a fundamental structural change to the CCNP examination 
Poor Execution. National Geographic Magazine is famous for their excellent photography; it is the very reason I picked up this volume. However, Wide Angle: National Geographic Greatest Places failed to 
Discerning Readers Decide!. This book annoyed me. To start my diatribe, there were too many characters, each and every one one of whom seemed illogical, stupid, and not at all 
Terrible. This book is not worth buying. If you buy it, get the next edition. It has more examples, less errors on important equations and procedures. Honestly I am considering 
Evil. This book has caused more misery than all the wars ever. Anybody who believes in it deserves to burn eternally in the hell they have created with their metaphysical 
so much - yet so missing. This book could be improved by the following:use devcpp for win lusers and include it on the book cd - it s freemake sure 
It can t be this easy to win an Edgar!. Aside from the cat, there s not an original thing about Tres Navarre. Too many characters, too much plot, too 
rewritten is not better. I am a Nancy Drew fan...for over thirty years..as my mother was before me and my daughter after me. This rewitten version is not up to 
Take it or leave it. I ve just finished reading Boykin s book, Beyond the Down Low. While I find it well written and his observations often on point, I 
Stick to &quot;Film Art&quot; by Bordwell Thomspon. I was shocked when I looked over this book. I had always relied on &quot;Film Art&quot; which is the standanrd intro to film 
Melanie Magdziarz. Mutation, New York Times best seller, written by Robin Cook a medical trainee at Harvard, is a book with plots up to ears and turns and twist to 
who does what to whom and why? and do i care?. o.k., i just finished listening to the C.D. of Predator, which i had downloaded on my I-pod. Well, i 
Downward Turn. I realize that the Stephanie Plum series is primarily written for women and I can appreciate that. Even though I am a guy I had really enjoyed the 
A Tale.... The novel, A Tale of Two Cities, by Charles Dickens, is a story of love and compassion, which takes place during the beginnings of the French Revolution. Despite 
Sensationalism. Sorry folks, this is not a serious book by any standards. Much of what Shenkman has to say is either unproved speculation or purposeful misunderstanding of events and indeed 
Nothing doing. I found stale recounting of very well-known facts about 20th century technologies and their economics, with no insights. Since it covers the gamut from plastics to jet engines 
Not About Dreams!. This book is not about dreams, so if you want to know about dreams, you should get &quot;The Dream Book&quot; instead. I don t understand this book 
this book sucks. I hate this book. It is extremely boring and it is way too long. There are too many characters to keep track of and many of them 
Partial Truth. May be as damaging as out and out lies. I think Crichton is a fine writer who could have written a great novel about the manipulation of a 
The book and the movie are farcical !!!. The author wants to fish out the contents of recent suspicions of the role and `function manifestations of Judas.Their observations may sound 
Give me a break, two pompous dorks travel the world... I did enjoy The Notebook, however this conceited tale of two uncultured Americans left me with a less than stellar 
Not aimed at women who already exercise. I purchased this book because I want to know how I should work out now that I m pregnant. It s marginally helpful 
WHISPER MY NAME. It s been over twenty years, and still to this day no one has been able to match the thunder from Frank Miller s THE DARK KNIGHT 
Not very interesting. My book group chose this book by the interesting description here and review. The idea of a spinster leaving her family to become a witch intrigued us 
Ambitious start, ends up boring. Clearly not the best from this author. The story starts well but does not fulfill its promises. I had a hard time reading it through 
Valid tho incorrect. I decided to pick this book up when I was waiting for my movie to start. I have read book after book after book from the black 
Lost faith in Seth Godin as a marketing guru after this book. GODIN wrote about the new way of customer and prospect communication in PERMISSION MARKETING -- a must read. 
Amazon will never get it to you. While I would love to read and then recommend this book, Amazon will never get it to me to read. I ordered this 
Disappointing Drivel. This is a sad attempt at modern science fiction. I was appalled by the lack of continuity and the plotting errors. Remainder Bin here I come  
100 things to AVOID before you die, like this book. This book is the worst. The suggestions of things to do are just plain aweful. It seems to suggest every 
think rich, be rich?. There is NOTHING of science in this sliver of a book.This book Summed up:You must think RichUse thought to bring form to the formlessThank god so 
Nowhere near A Skeleton in God s Closet . I loved the book A Skeleton in God s Closet, the novel to which this is a sequel of sorts. I 
What would DDT opponents say if mosquitoes carried HIV instead of malaria?. I ve seen many reviewers argue that the use of DDT to prevent malaria deaths in the developing 
Not Dean s best. Most of Koontz s books carry you right along to the end and are enjoyable, but some derail and go in directions that are not as 
Brazen Boy Bleeps Bout Beautiful Brett. The Summary short version The characters...Go to restaurants and drink.Go to bars and drink.Go home and drink.Go to bullfights and drink.Insult each other and 
Three Years Later... It took me 3 years to read this book - should I end the review now? It s not because I am an extremely busy person, or 
A Lot Of Information Poorly Organized. My title says it all. I don t know what I expected this book to be, but I do know I was disappointed in 
Extraordinary Popular Delusions Harriman House . Purchased this book because the Table of Contents under Browse Sample Pages showed the full content of the book. However, the Harriman House Classics 
where do I start?. There is a reason the cliche is so popular. Obviously, a lot of women can relate to the middle aged women getting stronger through a crisis 
Too much..... This book is too much, and I mean that quite literally. It s too long, too heavy and the style of hypnosis it teaches has been around too 
Mildly entertaining only. Initially thought the idea of the book funny, but in the end I was disappointed. I think this is because the book has no real story to 
Don t waste your money. This book has lots of nice pictures.. but for learning home networking it is juvenile and lacks depth of explanation across multiple network routers, connection 
Typical Jeop Fare. The jeop genre depends on a heroine who has no common sense and insists on proving that at every plot juncture. It s hard to imagine this 
A Little disappointing..... If you have really loved the other boleyn girl by the same author...then this book will be disappointing as it does not have the thrill factor like 
pseudoscience rules again!. And here I thought only Lindzen and Singer could write with such deliberate obfuscation in mind. Hooray for the status quo, let s do nothing until it 
What?. I am not sure what to make of this book. The model is nothing new if you really think about it. It s bottled snake oil to some extent. 
Unkindness as Philosophy. THE FOUNTAINHEAD has been described by one of its many followers - yes, followers, not readers, for the book is essentially unreadable -- as a passionate defense 
Really for Gluten Free diet. This book was really written for people with gluten allergies and for other allergies that are common in children such as eggs, soy and dairy, 
My First Real Disappointing Amelia Peabody Book. I just did not like this book, it just did not have much of a point. Even the usual witty repartee between Amelia 
Not one of his better works. This collection of short essays he published in an English paper and meant for an English audience seem to miss the mark for American 
Nitty Gritty but not much!. I am disappointed with this cookbook. I was looking for a basic cookbook to explain times and techniques to cook standard items in a Toaster 
... What a disappointment! There are no projects with directions, and what the author deems inspirational ideas consist of such things as SEVERAL PAGES describing why it is nice to 
Not worth the money. I own a strategy guide for every Final Fantasy game, and this one was sorely disappointing. I think the only guide that has been worse than 
Way too much fluff. I am not a scientist, but in past years I ve enjoyed the stretch of reading the best series. I have counted on really good, meaty 
George W. Bush: Portrait of a Deceiver. One of the best examples of hero worshipping going way over the top. The only time Prez AWOL said bring them on during 
This is the resource you need in your toolkit to stop the glazed eye syndrome?. Hardly. I m not sure what the definitive source on risk managment for software projects 
I ve read this before somewhere...... She took all of this from other authors. Even her section of how to eat chocolate is strangely reminisant of Will Clower s The 
Could win any poor writing award. The work of a 12 year-old without talent. Phrases are tediously cobbled with clumsy, inappropriate similies. Story line is absurd. If this were Koontz 
WOW...just wow. What a horrible book. The writing style of the author is horrendous! Impossible to follow or even comprehend what he is trying to teach. All the information in 
Awful in every which way. This review is of the short story The Legend of Sleepy Hollow only. This is the first story I ve read by Washington Irving, and 
A disappointment. Most of the items in this book were not specifically focused on deals for seniors. I got the feeling that the same contents could have several different covers 
Strange and morose. Pretty darn depressing. I didn t like the author s style which contributed greatly to my dislike of the book. If this is supposed to be stream 
Good Reference Book. This book is an excellent reference book for the serious ghost hunter paranormal investigator. Provides good case histories as well as ghost stories that can be used 
Wow... The man refers to Bel-Marduk as a God of Evil and labels the most well-known depiction of Cernunnos as Levi s Baphomet. That should be enough of a red 
Little of Substance. The first part of the book is unbearably slow, the gender differences of boys and girls are painstakingly boiled down into a litany of boys excel at..., 
Great Fiction, Confused Facts. This is dramatic yarnspinning about Chicago s urban ship wreck that gives a human side to George Hilton s encyclopedic Eastland; Legacy of the Titanic. This 
Forced conclusions, negative predictions. In her section about Lakewood, the author tries to create a connection between Lakewood, the spur posse, and the military-industrial complex that does not exist. She 
Interesting, but not Groundbreaking. Overall, I found this episode in the life and adventures of Randy Komisar to be interesting, but not groundbreaking. Though certainly filled with some valuable insights, 
Line Extension and questionable concepts. I liked very much Trout and Ries, Positioning and Marketing Warfare. Reading this book, I had an impression that most of the professional knowledge the 
Disgusting. I began reading this book quite a few years ago but elected to stop after forty pages. It is aimless, vile, and without any redeeming qualities whatsoever. Be warned: 
too much of a good thing. Do not misunderstand me: this book is fun. Problem is, it is only fun while it could have been really good and I hate 
save your and time this is not a true Cat Who book. I have read or listened to the entire Cat Who series and this one was a so far 
Bogus theory. This mans theories have been taken too far. Sure he wrote the book well but the content is laughable. In order to prove the theory proposed, he requires 
You must be kidding. I wish I could have back the numerous tedious hours slogging through White Noise to the bitter, bitter end. Not since Jane Smiley s Moo has 
Nothing insightful here. Most everything included here is common sense. There are a few important concepts included here, but they are better covered in other texts  
Thesis is not plausible. Disclaimer: I have only been able to sample Professor Butz s work. I looked at those portions of particular interest to me. I read what he 
Johnson Brothers Dinnerware: Pattern Directory and Price Guide. I was especially interested in the different backstamps of the Heritage Hall pattern, I didn t find them. I was very disappointed 
old fashioned and quite boring!. A Virtuous Woman is a book by Kaye Gibbons and is about a woman named Ruby Pitt who meets a guy named Jack Stokes one 
borrrrrring. I gagged my way through The Notebook but thought I would give Nicholas Sparks another try. I read about 1 3 of the book and decided it was a 
Total Rubbish. The last reviwer is a bit daft. In some 70 years of reading History I have never read such lies, distortions, and incoherent gibberish. The author is CLEARLY 
I thought the information in this book was lacking. I did not feel this book gave adequate information consistent with the title  
ANGST WITHOUT WISDOM MAKES FOR A TRIVIAL READ. This book, set in the Midwest in the early 70 s, is unbelievable and ultimately silly. I was a young woman during 
Poor evidence of sources. Maguelonne Toussaint-Samat provides a rather feeble excuse for her limited bibliography and fails to provide adequate citations for many of her assertions. There is an obvious 
No Thanks. On the back cover of the book The book includes: are eight items. For me the books fails to hit the mark on any. For instance, In-depth practical 
Shiny. This is a good looking book but disappointed us, somehow there wasn t a lot of useful information in it compared to other guide books! We sold it when 
better luck next time. could not wait to get my hands on this new mcallister book, the previous efforts being so entertaining &amp; w such superb character development. this one 
Ignorance. The Civil War ended over 150 years ago. Civil rights are now a matter of law. 911 shows us the results of this type of intolerance. Why do these 
Mindless, Maddening Drivel Full Of Stereotypes. A friend lent me Good In Bed when I d run out of ideas for books to read. I read it, didn t care 
Misleading. I have been a huge fan of Michael Crichton for about 25 years. However, this book is misleading and dangerous. Almost every respectable scientist in the world now agrees 
Not quite what I expected... The first twenty pages of the book quickly sparks your interest but soon after that, the story drags until it picks back up again toward 
Grammatically Correct: paperback. I am certain that this is an invaluable book for those needing writing help. Yet, there is an extreme drawback to this book, for no matter how 
Worthless. It has been a while since 1948, when five Arab nations launched an attack on Israel. The purpose of the attack was not to protect anyone. It was to 
80 s Reprint. Another reprint from Krentz s 1980s backlist. Alyssa Chandler is a statistician for a California company but on weekends she becomes a lady gambler in Las Vegas. 
More Pablum For The Dummies. I guess Albom will just keep churning out this psychobabble but I m done with him. At least I can say I never paid for 
Keep your contacts warm. I contrast this book with Buzz Marketing by Mark Hughes.In a nutshell, Mr. McDaniel s signature recommendation is to chat people up to keep contacts warm. 
Fukuyama Disproves Himself -- Ideology trumps facts. I was intrigued by his &quot;The End of History.&quot; I thought his &quot;Trust&quot; was a brilliant book and used it extensively in my 
Don t try this at home. If you are afraid that sociopaths are learning effective ways to kill ,then this book will put your fears to rest. One of Minnery 
Not!. I had to quit reading after the third page. This woman thinks she s humorous, but it s at we clutters expense. The put-downs just keep coming and coming, 
Some good ideas for Western Christians. The main thesis of Ordering Your Private World is that all of life should be planned and managed, eliminating the false dichotomy between the 
Lunatics. The first two-thirds of this story is very good, with wild but endearing characters and an interesting plot. But then, it seems as though the author dumps all the 
Not for Highlander Fans. The premise of this book is interesting; for some unknown reason a few immortals are born here and there around the planet. This is not so 
A spoiled rich woman and a boring story. I started reading this book with the expectation that I would learn about women in a culture totally different than mine. Instead, 
You only need one Atkins book. Dr. Atkins New Diet Revolution contained far more relevant information than The Atkins Essentials. Frankly put, if you already have one of the Atkins 
A Bad Joke. It takes over half of the book to get to the plot, a criminal who passes away after telling his family that he was a war hero 
unbelievable. I look for Linda Howards books as soon as they come out but was dissapointed with this one. An unbelievable plot can be entertaining but this story was to 
Please Refrain. I picked up this book because the story looked interesting; little did I know that this book would be so horrible I would put it down in the 
My least favorite P.K. Dick book. I love Philip K. Dick s books almost all of them, and I m pretty sure I ve read just about all of them 
 Mostly disappointing and depressing. I had read Mendelbaum, and I d read Scott Miller, and yes, even the Banfield Sondheim book, so when I finally got an Ethan Mordden 
Fell well short of my expectations... When I started reading this book, I was hopeful that it would be an insightful commentary on the ridiculous nature of politically-correct word choice. 
Not so hot. This is my 3rd martial arts dictionary. I m not that impressed. The book is largely devoted to more full explanations of the terms used in various 
Patterson readers beware of this dog. The only explanation is that James Paterson churned this dog out to make a buck. I ve read a number of James Patterson books 
Bland illustrations, lackluster text. I bought this book in the hopes that the text would be simple enough for my four-year-old. It was simple enough, but at great cost. Details 
Yuck Yuck Yuck. She never has an appropriate ending. Can she go back to school and learn the ABC s of how to end a novel?This was just lame. You 
powerless state?. the authors argument move away vague, impressionistic and general arguments about the supposed powerless state which globalization is meant to have induced. However, the concept of state capacity 
21 out of 101. Most of 101 ways to promote yourself comes off as filler. While all of these are ways to promote yourself, an individual would realistically be able 
Oh, how shallow. I can t believe how many people rave about this book. I just finished it today and it was probably one of the most shallow, superficial books 
Shallow Interpretations. Although I appreciated Helen McCarthy s inside information from interviews and her filmography list, I found her analysis of these films very superficial. In short, I feel that 
What Joshi believes and why he is wrong. Just imagine if the back cover of this hilarious atheist manifesto featured the generally respected Publishers Weekly review: God s defenders deserve 
There are better books out there. This book was way too basic.It mainly said play super tight and move all in against Phils so they can t outplay you.Tell me 
Overview. Awesome table of contents. Gives you a smattering of everything. A special strength is the section on Arcnet, the hot technology of 1979, that some of us are still 
Not Worth the Money or Time. My sixth grade English class read this book and it may be the worst book I ve ever read. The story is boring. Except 
The kid s 5...and she says she s &quot;in love&quot;!. Junie B. Jones: Kindergartener. She s worrying about having a boyfriend and living &quot;happily ever after&quot; in her strange Junie-like 
Why bother with a history book that is fabricated?. This book should be removed from press; not because of a gun stance , but because it has been shown to 
Could make people feel like animals. Daniels book provides some great examples of how not to manage, and sure, rewarding and congratulating employees for a job well done is always 
Not as good as &quot;The Collector&quot; and &quot;The Magus&quot; .. John Fowles is a talented writer, and I think that if you end up buying this book, you will not 
Getting Worse... I admit I found the left behind series fascinating at the beginning, but I ve noticed a steady decline in the quality of writing in the last few 
A mediocre and oversensationalized story. I had to read this book in ninth grade honors English. I thought the book was one more the more profound wastes of time I 
Student Review. I am a student majoring in Business Administration who recently used this text in an upper-level management course. The book s writing is utterly superfluous. Boredom was frequently 
Just plain awful. Speaking plainly, this is a wretched book. White s commentary is dull, pretentious and stupefyingly repetitious. The snippets of interviews with astronauts are short, scattershot and basically 
You Liars...this books stinks!!. This book was poorly written. The relation between the two stories was minimal. The story was hard to follow, cause I can t read when I 
O Oprah. AS I LAY DYING by William FaulknerI respect what he did, but I read about 15 of this one before I got bored. I don t agree with 
Hopelessly biased. The Competitive Enterprise Institute exists to serve the interests of business. Their mission is to make money, and the more the merrier, and to hell with the consequences 
Good for symptoms, but.... I wasted my money on this book before I read John Sarno, M.D. s book Healing Back Pain . Well, it turns out that Sciatica is 
Who cares......... I just finished reading this book, complaining the whole way how I did not like it. I should have put it down, but I thought it had to 
a germ of a good novel lurks within... Unlike the other reviewers, this is my first Andrew Greeley novel. I was interested in the concept but disappointed in the novel. 
Worthless. Not much substance here, just a collection of stories from other people. Money is best spent elsewhere with an author who has actually done real estate deals, not just 
Not Really Useful for the Users of this Camera. I picked this up based on the reviews here and prior to shooting with the camera. About half of this book 
Sappy, Sentimental, Poorly Written Dribble. I picked up this book in the hopes that I would find something original, something challenging, something other than the evangelical dribble that passes for 
This novel has no mystery , no suspense and no solving involved. The Editorial review states that Dr. Key Scarpetta is back to solve the mystery of the death of 
A Sad Yet Soulful Story. I Do not recommend this book because of the characters, the lack of a clear objective and the ending, that left me depressed and unsettled. 
very much lacking in specifics. This book is more of a general overview rather than a step-by-step process on how to become wealthy. It has some good ideas but lacks 
Regurgitated PR material from business intelligence companies. First of all, the book s not written by Douglas Rushkoff. He only wrote the foreward.The book doesn t have a lot of 
Well I Guess There Is Always One In The Crowd... Everyone else seems to adore this book so I guess I have lost my sense of humor because I just 
Canon reformation fad. Mukherjee is one of the lucky few hand picked by the critics in attempting to reform the classic canon. In trying to provide a voice to an 
not the best~ eniz. I thought that this book was o.k. for the most part, but I really didn t like some parts at all. What really gave the book 
Astonishing this chestnut is still around. The notion that Jesus values were those of corporate America and his charisma of the sort that makes insurance salemen is so laughably a 
Disappointed. I loved Dr. Pert s previous book, The Molecules of Emotion. I was thrilled to hear this new book was being released and couldn t wait to get a 
I d throw it away, but then I d worry that some homeless person might get stuck reading it. I can not describe how painful this book was. The first 
Field Guide for Finding Drugs in the Desert. I find it necessary to include the fact that I read this book for class and not from personal interest.Though I agree 
Woeful. I have been reading Cornwell for about a decade now and in the 1990 s I thought of her as one of the very best of the best writers 
usless. I was given this book as a gift and found it completely and utterly useless. It s just a book full of words of little instruction. Nothing detailed or 
Almost harmful. This has to be one of the worst books on any form of Witchcraft I ve read in a long time. It s bad enough the amount of 
Selling this book is unethical. Badly organized book. Repetitive text and graphs. Stretching theories. Bad analogies. Hardly provide any useful framework can be used in real life. Like the auther 
Very, very basic. The title says it all. One can do better w Appleyard s book  
Funny, but mislabeled. It s troubling--I was in a bookstore recently and saw this thing, picked it up, read a few chapters, and had a good chuckle. It s supposed 
A Work Of Fiction. Zionists collaborating with Nazis? Notwithstanding Brenner s misleading proposal, there s nothing really shocking or explosive here - not if you understand the true nature of 
A prize winner!. If an award were given for the most confused and or confusing historical work written, Stark s would be a serious contender. Starting from the bizarre premise 
No redeeming features. This is a very bad book. It is poorly written, the characters are caricatures in misery, and it is almost impossible to develop any empathy for them 
So-So. This book is very light for those who are engaged in Science of the Mind or Louise Hay s readings.It doesn t say anything new to what we already 
Take critical thinking one step further... ...and use the techniques in this book on the book itself. Sadly, a book with so much promise falls victim to its own PR 
Basically written like agitprop. ,,, instead of dispassionate, reasoned argument. Faludi interprets everything, everything , as proof of her argument that a war has been declared against women. There are 
Does NOT seem to apply to teen adoptions. As the father of 3 open adoption teens and a 4th adoption about to be finalized, I find this book could possibly 
words of a war criminal. Clark ordered the use of cluster bombs over civilian areas, used depleted uranium bombs and presided over the terror bombing of cities bridges, electrical grids, 
Lots of big words and no explanation of what they mean. After seeing all the glowing reviews of this book, I m beginning to wonder if it s just me. 
NONSENSE. Please do yourself a favor and do not buy this book. It is redundant nonsense. This is the best marketing book I have read in years. Yes that is 
Disappointed. The summary and review were not helpful at all and misleading. As a food service professional, I am always looking for new ideas for tablescapes for my banquet facility. 
Repellent. You really have to wonder how a person like Dickie Richards could exist, or why, if he s fictional, anyone would think that a book by such a character 
White Guilt. I read Kozol to actually be amused. It saddens me to think that colleges force students to read books like these. Young minds take this at face value. 
You have to already have a start. Although funny, this book does nothing for the unknown person trying to be famous . Ms. DeLaCruz started this project of hers already 
Nice for Knights. You would be forgiven if this book s subtitle - Profiles of Men of Faith Who Made a Difference - made you think of William Lloyd Garrison, 
Not a handbook for parents. This is a very comprehensive book about the general subject of raising bilingual children, based on a number of case studies. I am sure that 
Mead s Samoa hoax has been exposed. In the unpaginated `Preface [to the] 1973 Edition , Margaret Mead stresses that her description of Samoan moeurs should be read as applying 
Boring textbook. I had to buy this book for a class. It is an extremely boring read and I struggle to keep myself awake while reading it as does the 
It s OK, but his &quot;American&quot; cookbook is better. Though I love his show, this book does not seem to have the outstanding qualities I expect from Jeff Smith. You 
Lame detective. The premise of the story caught my attention -- a man presumed dead for years, whose wife had already collected a large insurance policy on him, appears to 
Lost my time reading it. Im a quite advenced web developer, i bought the book for discipline, you know, one have to read different opinions, but this was a bad 
Hated it. It seems that people either love it or hate it and I belong to the latter category. How did this become a classic??? Having forced myself to read 
a good book to read. The book was interesting to me because the author speaks about life in the Army. Some soldiers got good and bad experience during their time. 
Peck might as well burn us at the stake!. oh my goodness, this book continues the age old ignorance of labeling the mentally ill as possessed...Perhaps it is easier to 
it s ok..... i love this author. this is the least of my favorites of his books though. i just couldnt read the whole thing. i think it was due 
Absolutely not what was expected... When a book is entitled Thailand in Pictures , you expect... well... pictures. Lots of them. Especially when it s a book for children. This 
A Dictionary of Genetics. My opinion can be expressed by a single word: Frustrating As a Scientist who does not work within the field of Genetics, most of the terms 
Not for me. I didn t know why I chose to read this book. Anyway, it was disappointing, really. The book was slow, and it was too long for a 
Too narrow in focus, and dated. If your brick walls are the immigrant generation, do yourself a favor and get a book specializing in that country s research rather than 
Mysteries of Gnostism?. This book is full of mysteries , or so it lays claim, and that only those who ave this superior knowledge can truely know anything about anything. 
Better than a Sleeping Pill. In all of my years of academic reading, I have never come across a book that presents material in a less inspired way. Torture  
I loved this book!. If by loved you mean loathed and if by this book you mean this piece of garbage. I would say the characterization comes off as flat, 
BURN THE BOOK. This is the worst book in the world. After just finishing Jimmy s last book An Hour Before Daylight i could say that he needs to learn 
ABSOLUTELY AWFUL. This is the worst book I have had the mispleasure of reading. The entire book has no point; moreover, it describes EVERY painfully tedious detail that the main 
Sad. If this book really does cost what it says it does, then the editorial review is less than useless. It s sad. Hey, I understand your stock prices are 
More proof that Kerry was is all style and no substance. Only John Kerry would allow a book like this to be printed about himself. John Kerry, the guy who 
Don t!. Possibly the worst book I have ever read. The style could be bested by a not-too-bright fifth grader. The plot is an imbecilic rehash of the Divinci Code. 
A little disapointing. the first 50 pages are good and explore interesting philosophical concepts, based upon Robert Ringer s life. The rest of the book is frankly mediocre. We do 
Myth Buster? or Historical Misinterpreter?. DiLorenzo s poorly-written history novel is little more than a regurtitation of Mises and Hayeck s economic theory, unartfully paired with a selection of historical 
Really wanted to like it, but... I ordered this book based on a laudatory article in the Washington Post as well as good reviews on Amazon. I was disappointed; the 
Read if you must. Reading this book, I find that the author s ego interferes often with the documentation of how America went from Haute cuisine to the modern American 
Please stop repeating yourself. Okay, maybe I am the odd ball, but this author drove me crazy! He should have made a pamplet instead of a book. I felt as 
 ...fanning that trigger. . Gunsligers, snake-eyed varmints, low-down horse rustlers, and lily-livered scumsuckers bit the dust when John Wayne pulled out his six-shooter and started fanning the trigger. p. 
Disappointing. Crudely written. A negative hero deserves better and Wharton has written some fine books. Sadly, not this one.  
Pointless and Misleading. If you want to consult the First Folio, get a facsimile. Freeman s editions are not only pointless, they are profoundly misleading: only someone who was completely 
Rather pointless. This book fails both as a history or analysis of Yugoslav politics or as a critical biography of Tito. The first few chapters, which contain an overly compressed 
Don t judge a book by its titel. What a titel! I expected information about film I haven t heard about, but all I found was a book about underrated, 
What a Waste!. Tim Piazza and Marty Stuart should have limited their ramblings to an article in Bluegrass Unlimited. Not enough here to make a book and certainly nothing we 
Tediuous, repetitive, and altogether poorly written. Sheppard s attempt to capture the American youth angst failed miserably. Instead what he created was a novel that felt more like a chore 
Note to author: check your equations. I browsed through this book in a bookstore and at first found it quite ambitious and interesting, to the point where I thought I 
Not a good choice for your first Virginia Woolf novel. I ve never read any of Woolf s novels or seen The Hours . I recently obtained a copy of 
Marxist Clap-trap. This book is nothing but often-discounted left-wing theories. I have to read it for an International Relations course; don t read it unless you have to  
Deserves no stars. Just another of the many books on the market that were written by going to a bookstore and reading everyone else s books for inspiration, then making 
Path to deception. Be aware that you are not being enlightened but decieved. The Great deciever is behind this and is spreading the lie. Whatever she is channeling is not 
Cute Title But All Downhill from There. This book is just horrible... anti-marriage and anti-man. If you re bitter and you want your daughter to grow up the same way, 
Ouch! Worse than Most Paperback Romances. This book proves once again, that you don t necessarily have to be a good writer to make lots of cash and sell huge 
So-So look at Reagan, lacks depth. The book is just over 200 pages of text, so detail is obviously lacking. In addition some statements ideas are repeated verbatim, as if 
Leave all hope, ye that enter. I was interested in Dante s thoughts on hell, religion, and the afterlife as taught by the Catholic church at the time of its 
Maybe They ll Make A Movie Out Of It!. To put it simply, Freedom Evolves is a philosophical failure, with as many holes as a Hollywood movie. I give the 
Hatchet review. OK but not as good as Touching Spirt Bear. I thought the author just got tired of writng and decided lets save the kid and end the book 
Sadly disappointed. The Other Boleyn Girl and The Queen s Fool are two of the best books I ve ever read--and I ve read a LOT of books, especially about 
A story betrayed by it s author. Maybe at the time it was written I would have reviewed it more favorably. In light of the life Miller led I can 
The first hundred pages really work, but then... The Kite Runner gets off to such a good start, with its blend of history, observations about daily life in Kaboul, and 
ok if you don t have many problems. I bought this book at the recommendation of my favorite magazine...Good thing I used a gift certificate and didn t waste my 
Don t be Misled by the Hype!. I purchased this book a couple of months ago. Needless to say, I am deeply disappointed with Steed s approach. I found his 
Come back later. Even though this is a popular version of the theory, with the considerable advantage of being by Einstein himself, it is not so easy as the presentation 
Very, very undergrad. A graduate program had the audacity to use this as a text. I would say this is a solid community college level text, or perhaps an intro 
How could anyone take this guy seriously?. I heard the author on the radio recently, and he came off as a total ignoramus. He subscribes to the belief that seems 
Inventing the Rest of Our Lives: Women in Second Adulthood. After anticipating the arrival of this book that I ordered some time before publication after hearing of it , I 
Too Psychologically Deep. This book is very hard to understand. It seems as though one has to have a little bit of a background in psychology or at least an 
Caveat emptor. I was very disappointed with this book. The main problem is the Devanagari script is so small that it is barely legible, especially for a beginner. Strangely, the 
Not much new information when you have read Kaizen already. The book Gemba-Kaizen is somewhat disappointing if you have read the book Kaizen already. It gives not much new information. 
crime?. What this book leaves out is that the main cities like Phoenix, Tucson have about the highest crime in the nation  
I guess it s the thought that counts.... Catherine Crier and indeed every defense attorney and state district attorney in the country had no doubts that Peterson did it. Given 
Waste of time. I would have given this no star. I had never read such a boring book. I got hooked on chick lit because of Sophie Kinsella s books 
Not really worth reading. Technically, the book is well-written. Del Vecchio, however, glorifies the war in steroid-fueled adolescent fashion, and actually believes that the torture, rape, and mass murder of 
not enough !. I understand exchange is a huge application but this book try to cover all the aspect but is does not give enough information,I found this book almost 
The Color Purple - A Horrible Demonstration of American Literature. Alice walker, sucks.This book was disgusting.THE END  
This serie is getting worse each book... I enjoyed the first 3 books of the Women s Murder Club. Didn t like too much the 4th of July , but 
Muerte : Death in Mexican Popular Culture. Wow, is this book horrible! Not only are the graphic pictures disgusting, I could handle that if they meant something, but the writing 
Don t Buy This Unless You LOVE Photos of Shaolin Monks. Because that s ALL you re going to get. The book s history section contains little information, and the 
Shocking to say the least!. Troy Taylor is without doubt an inept writer. He rambles constantly about unimportant minute details while letting big concepts pass by. His depiction of the 
So Different From What I Expected. I love most of the characters in the series but this book was hard to admire, or even like. Morvan was so different from 
This was... I had to read this book for a class at University of Milwaukee-Wisconsin, and I will never, ever recommend this... to anyone. Is he really trying to reach 
What First Amendment?. These people are frightening  
Candid Discussion - Bad on Entertainment & Hotels. While Lonely Planet Cuba does a good job of discussing the country and its culture in an objective way, its discussion of 
Night of Many Dreams. I cannot recommend this novel to any reader. It had too many aspects of the countless, over-the-top feminist rants that are becoming so tiresome. It was 
Spare yourself. This is the only Robert Crais novel I ever read that I didn t like. I had to push myself to finish it. It features all the minutia 
Avoid at all costs. This is by far the worst action adventure book I have ever read. I m surprised that aliens didn t show up at the end to 
WHY IS MY REVIEW NOT BEING PUBLISHED. I SUBMITTED MY REVIEW TWICE! WHY IS IT NOT BEING PUBLISHED? PLEASE REPLY  
Save your money... ...if you re truly interested in the subject of public intellectualism. This is the man who, in &quot;Breaking the Deadlock,&quot; excused the conduct of the Bush king-makers 
Same old story, no interesting twist!. The good news is that I paid only 50 cents for this book in hardback at a thrift store. The bad news is that 
No characterization and a confusing plot. I hate to be the only critic, but I feel I must interject here for all the skeptics out there. The reviews for this 
Quick & Easy???. Very disappointed!! I am a very busy mom who tries very hard to cook healthy & low cal for the whole family. When I buy a cookbook 
very basic. this book is very basic, if you have more than a year s work at a clinic you might be bored. A good beginner book for Vet Techs 
History with a flare. I enjoyed this book because of the way she blended history with a good story that keep you readin  
Not up to good standard. I was expecting more from Dr. Phil. Though the book is easy to understand, it was too easy to read. Maybe boring at some parts. 
Wow, how did this ever get published?. This is just a REALLY bad book. First I blame James Patterson, but I really REALLY blame his editor. What editor worth his 
Pleasure reading shouldn t be this painful :-0. I bought this book 2 years ago - almost to the day...I have the receipt stuck in the book...I can only seem 
Unbiblical and bad writing make for one star. This book is so flawed in every which way, it is hard to know where to begin. First of all, we are 
Don t waste your time on this book. I have not written the exam yet. Before deciding on which books to use, I read the reviews, and then checked them 
Needs more work. The plot line simple and at times choppy.Girl in small town.Girl has problems.Nice foriegn vamp Got to have that french accent hears her call and comes to 
A real slog. I know H. James is considered one of the Greats of American literature and I question my taste for hating most of his writing. With few exceptions 
Puff pieces - a real disapointment. I ordered this book hoping that it would indeed be a handbook that would be appropriate for teaching college undergraduates about this exciting approach 
Scratching my head. The title of this book and the cover are incredibly inviting. We checked it out at the library because my 3-year-old loves the piano. We both found 
Woeful departure. I have attempted this book several times, it is abysmal. There are many other horrible books I have read and finished not by Anne Rice , desperately hoping 
Guide to Snoresville. Absolutely boring...my students laughed at some of the suggestions. I just had to return it. My sixth graders would have done a far better job writing this 
Very unbalanced. This book has a bunch of interviews, so I would normally expect it to be okay. But it isn t. There are twenty-one chapters, and we see interviews 
Interesting but implausible. An interesting but implausible tale to say the least. The author writes about the existence of stone platforms on Cape Breton Island CBI that he stumbled across 
This book is not modern. I have had the chance to use the book while living in Armenia and unfortunately the book uses words that are not modern and really 
A Two For Effort. This book is written from the viewpoint of a flaming socialist with the attitude that anything white or European or is overly valued in American history 
War Fiction turns Magic Realism, and loses me. I hadn t heard of the book or the author before I picked it. I read its first few pages andWas hooked. 
Mainly for Thatcherites. We need a one-volume history of European Integration, but not this five hundred page panegyric to...Margaret Thatcher? In Gillingham s funhouse, Thatcher is the key figure in 
Dull and Improbable Fantasy - Nearly a Parody of Mysteries. Unfortunately, I can t give this book - Zero or Negative Stars, that is the only reason I would give 
BORING!. no substance, all fluff. What a waste of 40 minutes! And, I m a slow reader  
Boring. This is one of the most boring books I have ever read  
The beginning of a very mediocre un-Star Wars series. Some minor spoilers A review of Betrayal with a little bit of a review of Bloodlines as well thrown in. There 
The Fascintating Turned Dull. I agree with the other reviewer that this is an incredibly boring book. It should be a crime to take so many fascinating projects, problems, and 
Dynamics of Conflict Resolution: A Practitioner s Guide. I know others have found this a good resource but I found it very dry and tedious to read. I returned the 
X-Files Fans Of The World, Unite!. Dean Koontz delivers a rocky build-up to the closing scenes in Sole Survivor, but it ultimately stumbles badly on the hocus-pocus of evil government 
Nostalgic Pretentious Babble. I disliked this book enough to take time to say so. The style of writing is difficult, circuitous, repetitive, and wordy. It is full of generalizations and 
Good resource, but only if you want to build his kit. I bought this book thinking it would tell me how to program my own robot, and maybe how to 
Garbage. At one point in time I considered myself to be LKH greatest fan. I ve been reading her books since junior high school. I own everybook she s ever 
This book is in tune with men, but not women. This book deserves credit for addressing men s needs for good sex, but is hit and miss for women.A quote 
Between a Wok and a Hard Place. Tamar Myers has too many sidelines in this book. Too much about too many other characters and not enough attention paid to the 
A big disappointment. This is a short biographical essay on John XXIII sandwiched between pages and pages of anti-papal screed and pseudo-history. I have read all of the author s 
Lifeless as a scarecrow and his girlfriend . [Wince.] Noticing that Reilly had been an international bestseller, I bought these audio CDs for a road trip and subsequently found myself 
An Apology for the Homeless. &quot;Rachel and Her Children&quot; is an award-winning compilation of the author s conversations with homeless people, highlighting how the downtrodden suffer in the United States 
BEWARE! NOT WHAT YOU THINK IT IS!!. There has been a book out before this one, by the same publisher, DIFFERENT AUTHOR! with the same graphics and cover layout, with 
A modern, western pro-Palestinian Arab Christian-Islamic anti-Jewish nationalist anti-Bible. It is hard to know quite what Whitelam means by The silencing of Palestinian history .He appears to be suggesting that 
I m a Loser=The Real Mark David Chapman Story Who Cares?. What a waste of space.They should have hung this idiot years ago.Nowhere in the book does it reveal how 
Uninspired, Formulaic. I really like Elmore Leonard and have enjoyed and respected much of his work. But when reading this book I felt that Elmore had really mailed it in 
PLEASE JUST WATCH THE MOVIE. At least if you only watch the movie you will save yourself a lot of time, I on the other hand was not so lucky. 
Noone ever made me angrier!. A pamphlet would have accomplished what this guy said in the entire book! I wanted to strangle him! Repetitive, condescending, overly simplified and so BOOOoorrring!!! 
Connections getting tired. Burke s Connections is an excellent reference source. It aroused a passion within the reader to progress further with this fascinating subject, of how significant events were 
Don t Waste Your Money!!!!. Too bad I bought this book before discovering the author works for the Washington Post. She can t say three sentences in the book without 
Those who cannot write prose write comics. What a waste. Sacco could reach a much wider audience if he had written essays. But, wait...does he have the talent to write 
Terrible. Totally outdated, this work teaches nothing. Rambling, disorganized and often repetitive, the authors do not know how to write at all. Totally focused on a few software titles, the 
To long to be good... Just before the Big War, Louis Seynaeve is still a boy of eleven years. He grows up in the nunnery in Haarbeke, also known as 
this book deserves 0 stars. this book was crazy and disturbing. when frightful has to leave, alice and sam go out and find a goshawk because they can t have 
OK in quality, but there are better guides. I ve read different guides on Japan and Tokyo, do to several trips I made over the years. Even trough there are 
Deceptive packaging. I settled down for a nice read on what I expected to be a good, thoughtful expository writing on the sermon on the mount. The book dove right 
The most ridiculous book I ve ever read. After reading all the good reviews on this book I decided it must be worth reading. While I agree that there are 
Boring. There is a reason 1984 and Animal Farm are the famous ones this book is dull. It is the story of a man who first recounts his life before 
Don t Believe the Hype. It s sad but true--in more ways than one. Yes it s won awards and rightfully so, but if you only ever read one comic 
give me a break. I m sorry I wasted the afternoon reading it....was about the worst thing I have ever read in its category. Would have liked to rate it 
Really?. The book starts by proclaiming that neo-classical economics is adequate for explaining the information economy. This claim is not backed up in the book. First, textbook neo-clasical equilibrium theory 
Review of &quot;Ten Days that Shook the World.&quot;. Although this book may be so brilliantly written by John Reed, I found it to be too laden with historical details, and 
I couldn t finish it. This book was too long and I just got tired of it all after awhile. Where is it going? What can it do for me? 
Mediocre at best. This book was the worst in his series so far.Loved the first three books he wrote, although it was already obvious that he was in trouble. He 
Where should I begin.... This book has no astral projection methods, but meditations methods, this is why Robert is keep telling you, this is an OBE. This is why when 
chick lit, oh no. I picked up the audio book from the library, and didn t know by the title and author s name my first Jance book that this 
wasted opportunity. sensationalist, titiliating, and as a result, a total let-down much like heavier than heaven while Cross s journalistic eye provides some interesting detail re: Jimi s early years, 
A Political Soliloquy. Not one useful idea about privacy. Don t waist your money. From cover to cover Larry Sontag tells about who is watching and how these evil men 
Whole Foods does not = Macrobiotics. Whole Foods does not = Macrobiotics as this author has decided. Whole Foods includes meat, very heartily, as it is a &quot;whole food&quot;. I 
literary masturbation. I picked up a copy of this pretentious garbage at a library used book sale. I paid one american buck for it, which was about 100 cents too 
Disgraceful. This plebian comptemptuous tifling monstrosity book pushes the imperialist capitalist agenda to no end. It is a by-the-numbers course in democratic brainwashing  
Good Title, Old Information!. The author does a good job of disguising recycled safety information under an intriguing title. The book touches on different safety topics but the author lacks 
guide for focusing on the trivial while ignoring the serious - the laxity that led to Enrons. Pointless, pedantic power-point-speak, Bologna and Shaw offer a mindset that focuses on the 
Average photos, disappointing narrative. This book looked promising when I purchased it-the collaboration of a photographer and writer to produce a book that gives voice to the cat. I was 
Unrealistic premise... Joseph Nye keeps repeating himself: multilateralism by global American charm attack. That is simply a stupid assumption. And it is untrue of American history in foreign relations. Nye 
The Most Difficult Book in the World. I m not a literary reviewer or a writer, I m just a third year Sociology student at the University of Windsor who 
Maybe I Just Don t Get It?. I purchased this book on the recommendation of a woodworking magazine writer I have come to respect. Though the book is on architecture 
How disappointing... I agree with the reader from St. Louis. The design of this book is typical of Burdick, hard to read and disorganized. I was surprised that Brenda Laurel 
Sacre bleu!. Someone reported all my 3 negative reviews of Daniel Silva books and got them removed! Hmm, I wonder who that could be.I am rather annoyed at this because 
AT YOUR SERVICE. I KEEP READING THE BOOKS ALSO AND I AM TOTALY DISSAPPOINTED TRYING TO GET UP WITH ONE THAT CATCHES MY IMAGINATION. NOTHING.AND THE AUTHORS ARE GREAT BUT 
It works? NO IT DOESN T! Goal-setting squeezed onto a pamphlet. I understand the fascination with this book. People want to make changes in their lives, find love, money, family, 
Not impressed. I purchases this book after reading the other rave reviews. It does include some interesting words, and I really appreciate the examples of usage in a sentence. However, 
I expected more. Before I started reading Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance, the book had a lot going for it: stellar reviews on the cover, an intriguing title 
watered down. Inventing Money: The Story of Long-Term Capital Management and the Legends Behind It. By Nicholas Dunbar. Wiley, 248 pages 29.95When Genius Failed: The Rise and Fall of Long-Term 
Disgusting. The only book I ve ever read that I tore up and threw in the trash when I was finished. If this passes for an uplifting magical fable then 
Nothing New. I was hoping there would be some new info in this book, but there was none. ZIP!!! I still find it interesting that after running a stop sign 
Everything Old Is New Again. Can you say sanctimonious hot air , boys and girls? This author should know better. I only got through the first few pages of this 
Bad science. I bought this book and his Carnitine Miracle book as well. Now that my cholesterol went up over 100 points in 6 months, I consider his books unreliable 
Ridiculous. I bought this to help with college after being out for 10yrs-almost impossible to install plus it does not allow you to make any adjustments if your professor wants 
Disappointing: New Agey not Authentically Celtic. This book is disappointing from beginning to end. The author seems to be sincere in her spiritual quest and anxious to share her insights 
Not Worth the Time. I skimmed John Gray s &quot;Practical Miracles for Mars &amp; Venus,&quot; but couldn t stomach the hype. The first 150 pages are about the power of 
Rambling presentation. The most interesting information in this book was found on a few pages near the end- a description of the bizarre case that inspired the &quot;Buffalo Bill&quot; character 
Possibly the worst book I ve ever read. Since I loved Jurassic Park and The Andromeda Strain way back in high school I happily picked up Congo at the airport. 
Love His Books - Not At All Impressed With This CD. I have many meditation tapes I love, but this isn t one. I love all of his books, so 
No Sell rules or when to take a profit. Peter Lynch s book held me back about 10 years in my investing success. I used to believe things I read 
A Waste. A waste of an idea, a waste of time, and a waste of paper. It s World War I. There s death and dispair and darkness everywhere and 
A bit disappointing. My first read of a Jon Jackson novel, and after reading the reviews on here I had higher hopes than the book delivered. At times it was 
A worthwhile subject but a flimsy, poorly written book. Strongly not recommended. Black and Blue is the story of a woman who flees an abusive relationship, taking her son and 
Good for Wiccans and Wiccan styles of Paganism. Next to useless for the rest of the Pagan community. Don t get me wrong. The deck is great if you happen 
OK. This is a complex and detailed history chiefly of Cuban exiles in South Florida and the influence they have been able to wield regionally and internationally with and without 
Not impressed!. This book is not worth the money you spend on it. Out of twenty inputs, there are only two training ideas that are worth any time reviewing. And, 
What Goes Around Comes Around. One of the funniest things about Techgnosis: Myth, Magic Mysticism in the Age of Information, Erik Davis s much-ballyhooed 1999 release, was how it skewed 
Propaganda. This book offers a historically very inaccurate, one-sided and propangandistic accounts of the Knights, intended to serve the nationalisitc purposes of the author  
Christian fundamentalism dramatized. Even the avid trekie reader of the Star Trek science fiction novels, movies and television series must suspend disbelief, when he finds Captain Kirk saying Beam me 
giap s mouthpiece. Currey obviously fawns on Giap. Currey has shown no criticil analysis at all in either confirming or refutting Giap s claims. He simply passes them on. At 
Just plain awful. Don t bother buying this one. The author has a serious case of the I s and is more interested in herself than in the subjects she 
This Window is Broken. A bad clone of a great model. In some cases, imitation is not just a form of flattery -- it s a diservice. If you want 
In a word - DRY. Not to put too fine a point on it but this book is DRY - almost like a text book. There is very little action 
Your Last Diet! - or your last diet book?. This time last year I bought Potatoes Not Prozac PnP after I stumbled onto the radiant recovery website. Having suffered from 
When cotton candy goes bad... I thought Fred Saberhagen s Berserker Fury 1997 was redundant. But while Syd Field s Screenplay offers plenty of reassurance to the wanna-be screenwriter, pretty 
Corporate art. The Corporation will find any way it can to squeeze more cash out of any platinum artist . Jewel was a perfect candidate with her bloated, exaggerated tales 
This modern romance novel doesn t do it for me. Twenty-something Bette lives in Manhattan, has a close knit group of friends, enjoys romance novels, and apparently possesses little fashion 
Data Structures and Algorithms in Java. This text is one of the most poorly written I have read on the subject of data structures. The JAVA overview should be removed 
Save Your Money. I read this book years ago and was struck be the volume of errors in the Author s theology. These were fundamental errors too, such as identifying 
Andrew Weil is a crank. I read the first chapter and though this book might be enlightening. I advise anyone who buys this to stop after the first chapter or 
Tough Shoes To Fill. I found this book to be disappointing. The reason may simply be because The Killer Angels is such a hard act to follow.  
Oh good greif... What promises to be an interesting book is loaded with new-age claptrap and vague sourcing. The recipes would be good; if you are a risk-taker  
Hard to care about this protagonist...... I must admit that this book really mystifies me. There is no doubt that Ms. Bank is a talented writer, and there are many 
Thumbs Down for Terri s Family . Anyone gushing over the concerned and loving parent s of Terri Shiavo really needs to read Michael Shiavo s book on the life 
A Let Down. This novel is set in the 40 s, when Elizabeth Short the Black Dahlia was found murdered, her body cut in two. The characters revolve around the 
SHOULD WE ALL JUST GIVE UP..........???. On our beloved Kay Scarpetta and the illustrious Ms. Cornwell? Having been an avid fan of her novels from the very beginning, I simply 
BORING!. This was my first time reading Kellerman and I m not sure if I d ever pick up another book by him.  
Christie did a much better job on The Orient Express. An heiress murdered, her newly acquired rubies stolen, a lover, estranged husband & mistress, a young girl who has inherited 
You love or you hate it!. I have a keen interest in apocalyptic fiction, so when the subject came up with a friend last year, he mentioned RIDDLEY WALKER, insisting 
Even if I didn t know this book was a farce... it would be a very irritating and unbelieveable read. I read this book after knowing it is mostly fiction 
What exactly did Hoffman do for the Iron Game???. While this book does dispel the image of Bob Hoffman as some sort of saint not to mention the fact that 
Flashes of brilliance, long stretches of cloying frustration. This book does have a fairly intricate plot, and I did want to know what would happen to Ned and Verity...that said, 
Practicalities not attended to very well. Ok...so everyone is getting wounded in this tale from Feehan. Seems like no one stays in one piece and about 1 3 of this 
A worthless waist of time. This book was perfectly awful. If it was possible I would have givin it zero stars. I am in the eighth grade and none of 
Despite my fear of being accused of... not being hip, I must venture out and say:Oh my God!!! What???? Who cares? Franny is pregnant. The big twist in this story 
Too much McGonigal, not enough MBV. I was extremely disappointed in this book. Like many other reviewers I had been waiting anxiously for its release and this makes the disappointment 
Banal & Trite: Tired Advice on Style . The fact that you are even looking for a book on style is proof that you are far too sophisticated for this 
Hate to Give it One Star. Is there an option for zero. The worst I book I have ever read. He contradicts himself in his points, hoovers over stealing pears 
mitten. The mitten was a good book.It was a good wen thefunnest part when mitten blew.It was a good book at the end it was the funnyest part  
Verdict from 2002: Onesided and Hopelessly Outdated. A lot has transpired since Richard Rovere died in 1979 that makes his book outdated and irrelevant: Venona and the disintergration of the 
I am so bummed!. I had been looking forward to the two Wheel of the Year books by Ashleen O Gaea and am extremely disappointed with them. The author is 
very few advices... This book was a disappointment... Yes of course McCartney is talking about travel photography and gives a few -good- advices but the book is a real pain 
Perfect nonsense. O please. This is totally yin view on business. Light house example, which they use through the book, shows clearly that author is out of the touch. Light 
Don t waste your money. I bought this book for Dr. Norman s class at the University of California, Riverside. I must say that this is one of the worst 
The Worst Icke Ever. I have a ton of his books. this is so full of balony that I couldn t pay attention to anything else. I find his political 
More for tourists than those looking to relocate. As others note, Doudera is more concerned with clam festivals and kayaking than the nuts and bolts of everyday living. The book 
Extremist! Jane Hersey is nutty!. Jane Hersey is nutty as a fruitcake with food coloring! Any parent knows Anything out of moderation is not good for a child...Hello?? This is 
Limited. This book is not for the novice craftsman. I have some carpentry experience and I did not find it as useful as I had hoped. The lack of step 
Disappointing. I thoroughly enjoyed The Elegant Gathering of White Snows by Kris Radish and was looking forward to another great read with this book. I have seldom been so disappointed 
Very Annoyed!. I give this book a 1 star not because it wasn t interesting - it certainly was, but because the ending absolutely floored me! Aghgh && 7#!!!!! I 
Heresy and it s worst. False Doctines from the pit of hell  
LESS THAN ETHICAL and more..... If you think you are buying a more comprehensive edition each year...take a look at the numbers:2000 has 20,000 entries, 300 new entries, 14,000 VHS-9,ooo 
Completely ridiculous plot. In book two of the Kathy Reichs series involving Temperance Brennan, Tempe finds herself with dead bodies on two continents. Upon examination, she begins to find unusual 
Well done!. I loved it. A bit confusing with all of the names but well done. Stephen White is not kind to the reader, I appreciate this. He kills off 
Wow I can hardly wait for the movie!!!. This is a great read that will have you lol and thinking at the same time.The writer is talented and gifted and 
Caveat for Castaneda s first book. I waited until I had read books 2 - 8 before I read this first book, and I was glad I did, because I 
Brillliant style but too long. I loved the writing style in this book--very bright and lively--but the book, to me, was too long because of the bitter, depressing sex scenes. 
Simply the worst. They should have titled it &quot;Locked in the Arms of a Terrible Author.&quot; That would have been a more fitting title for this aweful book  
Disappointing. I ordered the book thinking that I had found a good resource for starting my event planning business. What I received was a book that would be great for 
The Universal Language of DiSC. Sorry, but I would not recommend this book. As a reference guide I really expected more. Probably a good buy at 19.95, but I ll 
bad. A CROSS WITHOUT HELL IS A CONTRADICTION: READ THE APOSTLE S CREED.I fully agree with the UNPOPULAR reviewer Andy Grey who gave it one star. It is impossible for 
Are the authors qualified to write this book?. It does not seem that Thomas Pauley is particularly rich. One of his best success stories is getting a good loan rate 
totally in error. This book was so full of a trying-to-hard Austen language that it was very annoying. I didn t get past the first chapter. The development of Margaret 
FOR ENGINEERS ONLY. A great adventure story, but beyond the courage of the Astronauts and the intense devotion of NASA controllers, as literature, it is of interest only to those 
Dull as Dirt. This is one of those books where all the best parts can be found on the book jacket! I was intrigued by the book jacket description of 
a List view on lighting. I admire Ross Lowell s inventions enormously. His lights, while not as robust as others and so not so well suited to rental houses, are 
Bukowski: a fake and a hack. What a lousy writer. If he didn t complain about everything and then get drunk and call himself a poet, we d all call 
The new confortable paperback style. I haven t read this book, although I expect that it is probably very good since J.A. Jance wrote it. I have buying all her 
Gnon-sense from beginning to end. Sylvia Brown, accompanied by her spirit partner Francine, have decided to take on the greatest and most lucrative mystery of all -- the life of 
A bone to pick with Skeleton Man !. I ve read only a few of Hillerman s previous Leaphorn Chee novels. I ve enjoyed what I ve rtead, though they 
dumb dumb dumb. Advice on the level of &quot;avoid grizzly bears&quot; and &quot;tigers are dangerous predators&quot;- actual quotes more or less . If this is the level of advice you 
Not Worth the Money. Not worth the money. This puny book doesn t go in depth in any of the subjects regarding photography. Perhaps a good reference guide for beginners 
please do your own research. If you are serious about reading this book, I would strongly reccommend reading David Ray Griffins book at the same time. It shows this report 
Not a page-turner. In a historical novel, I look for immersion in another place and time, and involvement with characters that I can care about. For me, Trent has not 
A terrible letdown. I was so excited when a friend knowing how much I d loved The Secret Life of Bees sent me a copy of The Mermaid Chair. That 
Not for anyone who loves P&amp;P. This book is really not worth reading if you like Jane Austin. I agree with the editorial reviewer who said that it is a 
Tries, but fails. ... I found myself constantly wondering just how brave is it to tell men everything they want to hear, how rebellious to promote the by-men for-men commercialized 
thought provoking but unconvincing!. I received this book from my brother, who in these past years has taken an interest in the Roman Catholic Church, which we were both baptized 
There has to be better... I admire O Reilly books for their uncanny ability to hook me into a lot of advance technologies. I desperately need to get a handle 
Some will find this useful. Those who are engaged in the old 19th century assembly-line teachers pour knowledge into kids heads education model may get some use out of this 
the plot itself could make a movie on Lifetime or Oxygen. do yourself a favor - don t waste your time with this book  
Sappy Romance. It is my own fault, really. I m not a sappy, romance novel type of person. I was cooped up with a cold, and I borrowed this book 
One Star is Too Many. WWJD has some good advice here and there: a little mystery and privacy is more intriguing than telling all, it s not all about you, 
Wealth and Poverty of Nations--Adam Smith. The book never arrived--Instead I was sent 3 months later a small paperback entitled Helping Children Accept Themseves and Others from Better World Books.Perhaps 
You either like it or hate it. This text is very eccentric. I had to read it for an English class, and there was a mix of different reviews. Some 
Not Laymon s Best. To me, Richard Laymon s books read like early 80 s slasher films. Not exactly high-art, pretty misogonystic, and ultra-violent. Some people, like me, like this 
Disappointing. I ve enjoyed the Inspector Banks series in the past particularly Final Account which had a great twist in the last few pages , but Innocent Graves is all 
Genealogy and geneaology but no internet. The title of this book is a bit deceptive. It doesn t focus much on the computer aspect of genealogy; instead it primarily sticks 
I wanted Al Bielek, got Morris K Jessup and Allende instead. Bottom line: I like Al Bielek s version of the PX better. This one is more to the original 
What s all the fuss?. Perry s has been gathering dust on my bookshelf at home for years. I always think of it as the book to go to if 
Really bad ending. I liked this book up until the ending. I expected the judges to be released and taken care of one by one which would have been predictable 
Save a tree. The book is the total chaos, alas, very boring one. I had to return it. So much paper out there waisted. Save the tree  
Disgusting. Harv keeps saying how great the book is going to be, and I was stupid enough to keep reading all the way to the end....and found out there was 
I don t believe it--an Elizabeth Peters book I didn t like!. Elizabeth Peters is one of my top 5 favorite authors ever. However, this book is really bad. I 
I have never hated a book more than I hate Ransom. The majority of this book is empty exposition. People move about meaningless lives without purpose. The protagonist merely drifts 
One of the Worst Books in History. Okay, you may think that I do not appreciate the so-called classics, but I have to be honest--I simply cannot stand this book. 
Like a text book. I have a large interest in this subject, but the book was like a text book to me, instead of a story teller. Could just be 
Very Average. As a purchasing professional, I turned to this book to gain insight to new or advanced purchasing practices that might help me in my work and I was 
No real content. I wanted this book to tell me something I could actually use. It is so lacking in any kind of real content. The chapter on building a 
A one-sided view. I read most of the book last night and was disturbed by several things - The author deliberately blurs the line between Arab and Muslim. He calls 
Reader Beware!. Save your valuable time and steer clear of this train wreck! Worse yet, you could be making the biggest mistake of your life if you make an important 
Antiquated text has been long surpassed... There is no reason to inflict this text on yourself. If you are looking for a primer, or at least a solid piercing of 
Snarky not funny. Bryson is a pretty good writer. His prose is flowing and very easy to read. This book is 300 pages and I read it in 3 days.My 
Please read this before buying The Right Stuff. If you want to know the truth about the time and people portrayed in this book try reading Lost Astronaut or one 
LUCKY LOSER 0 STARS. First off anybody who knows anythying about poker will tell you chris moneyfaker is a lucky FLUKE in the world of poker. If you actually watched 
Brave New Attempt. The main virtue of this book is that it presents all of the arguments in favor of an atheist worldview in one place.The two-star rating reflects the 
 sigh . This is not the Spring-Heeled Jack that jumped really high and spat blue flames in England. Not the evil Spring-Heeled Jack that all of us paranormalists love. 
Not the same as the movie!. I thought I was ordering the book that the movie was based upon. I quickly discovered that I had not. However, I decided to 
Lance Armstrong glorifies himself again. If you are interested in reading this text, be prepared for another journey into the ego-centric world of a man who has decided to define 
Irony. I just find it deeply ironic that there seems to be such an effort to accomodate a Jew who has become Buddhist and insists that this is not a 
Dont waste your time. I would have givin this book a 0 star but that option wasnt availabe.This author really needs to do his research all over again.For instace on 
Not well done. CoT is a rather disjointed attempt at a historical narrative that I strongly suspect was culled from a dozen or so different journals from settlers. This is 
A fantasy. Kimmerling and Migdal are correct in saying that Arabic-speaking people have lived in the Levant since the early days of Islam. Some Arab tribes were in the region 
Not an unbiased review of current theories. I have to agree with most of the previous negative reviews for this book with one caveat - if you are all ready 
this book is a total scam. Please do not waste your money on this badly written, infomercial of a book.Most of the book is about how everything around you is 
Lost me halfway through the book. After reading David Morehouse s Psychic Warrior and a couple of Russel Targ books and having an interest in remote viewing particularly in going 
Victims ignored. As usual, this book ignores the 16-20 million non Jewish victims of the holocaust. This is very disappointing. The holocaust is not exclusively to Jews-as historians have portrayed 
This is not reason, it is ideology. The underlying premise of this book democracy = good, tyranny and slavery = bad is obviously sympathetic. You can t go wrong with 
It s kinda funny, but pointless to the point of upsetting. I m a HUGE fan of the Simpsons. But forty pages into this book I realized this kind of 
totally dissapointed. 1st you can t see any of the tattoos, the photos are blurry and the descriptions of the tattoos are either incomplete, wrong or just not there. It 
Not her best. I think Taft would have been more believable if the story was actually written by a black man. I think it s arrogant for Patchett to think 
Horrible. Not even getting out of the second chapter I ve run across more than a dozen typos and other errors. If I had known there were so many I 
Could have been so much better. This book started out good with clear writing and a scary killer, but, it came to a too easy to figure out conclusion. And, 
A Let Down. I bought this book because I wanted to read the Gospel Of Thomas. What I got was Elaine Pagels recollections of the Catholic Church and a short 
Bad. Really Really boring, don t think anyone should waste their time reading this garbage. Horrible  
NOT to be recommended!. The book is written to comprehend easily, yet touches but the surface of English grammar, badly! Jane Straus is a personal coach, and has got nothing 
Whewww! Not For Me . . . A friend of mine, who is an avid reader of many types of literature like me, highly recommended this book. I made it 
Who believes this?. This novel is absolute dreck, at the best. I don t think I could ever pick up another Grisham novel without vomiting. Pelican Brief was Okay. But, 
A little boring. Maybe I m just not old enough to appreciate this book fully, but I found it to be a boring read. I forced myself to finish it, 
Incredible Waste of Money. This was such a waste of money and my time reading it. First, Ms. Frank cannot write very well. Secondly, it is information that is recycled 
Sexist!!! Stereotyped!!! Objectifying!!!. This is the most sexist book I have ever read. Women are portrayed as an object for men to play with. It stereotypes men as horny pigs 
More Questions than Answers. This was either the result of an overzealous non-programmer editor or a poorly planned outline - but there is more material missing from this book than 
Goes against God. I read this as a relatively young woman, and Lord did it make an impression on me. It features many passages endorsing beastiality, something I find morally 
too much opinion. She has too much of her own opinion which can really get in the way of all the information and it worries me that she left all 
porn for aspirational middle managers. I bought this for two reasons: because I wanted to learn about LBOs, and because I had heard that the journalism was good, and was 
Intro to UML. Perhaps I should have read more into the title, but this book is really just an intro to UML. I was looking for a DB architecture book 
What a rip!. This book is too small to be a coffee table book and the details too minimal to be of practical use. It looks like a 1 2 
get it from the library. I own this book, and I wish that I had spent my money on something more substantial. The good points- these are beautiful, expensive homes 
Plausible but... There are some good things and there are some very bad things about this book.First though, with the good. Although it s far from a literary masterpiece, it 
the world is flat. it is juust a copy of the frist book. if you read the frist the world is flat, then don t waste your time.jo  
Stick to writing copy for your PBS news show, Jim. I ve read a bit more than half of this book, and I can already say that it is probably 
Don t bother with the tapes. Ajalt has done a very good job with the book, but the audio series is worse than bad. The native speakers on the tape 
I have to agree with the others... I was really ready to like this product, because the book is charming, and the presentation of concepts is good. It appears quite 
a hobo stew with Jack London: paid in advance. Frequent with biographies, the subjects by nature or design overshadow their conveyance, the lives greater than the telling. With Alex Kershaw 
Melanie Magdziarz. Mutation, New York Times best seller, written by Robin Cook a medical trainee at Harvard, is a book with plots up to ears and turns and twist to 
Read something else. I actually picked up this book in my church library. While, I m wary of christian romances, this one caught my eye. And I loved it! Dee 
BEWARE the introduction to this edition. I had never read the Scarlet Pimpernel, nor seen any of the films. One day when I didn t have time to finish a 
The best way to predict the future is to create it. According to Miller I should have gotten married last year. I m still single. The myth abouth astrology is 
through. Have used these recipes. she and her recipes are authentic , and well reviewed  
read noah lukeman s books instead. Hey, look: Another book on writing with nothing new to say!Get Lukeman s two books and, if you ve got a spiritual streak in 
Sore disappointment. Ummm..... HELLO! Am I the only one who noticed that 1 Jordan was supposedly in 3rd grade and only 7 years old, but the author often referred to 
A MUST READ. THIS IS THE STORY OF THE 2004 AMERICAN LEAGUE PENNANT RACE. IT GOES THROUGH THE GREAT RIVALRY BETWEEN THE YANKEES AND REDSOX FROM THE BABE RUTH TRADE 
300 Pages of Misandry. If you are a man, you will not like this collection of feminist essays. This book is worse than bad. It is an abomination  
Insipid plot, Shallow Characters. I first heard about this book in a graduate level Latin American survey course. I kept it in the back of my mind and finally got 
A long & boring ode to New York. Winter s tale is a series of connected vignettes taking place in Manhattan and upper state New York, spanning more than a 
Caroline s words. I bought another book, anatomy lessons from the greaat masters by Robert Beverly Hale and Terence Coyle, which contains 100 great figure drawings analysis. Its printing is 
Love anyone?. This book was entirely disappointing for me. I read it in hopes of finding a better understanding and instead found 2 people who sound very bitter and are 
If you are Italian DO NOT READ THIS BOOK. Typical obvious re- placement and recently all too common Italian American as disgusting, classless, filthy villain movie producer makes this book 
Slide show without the speaker. You may at first be tempted to buy this book for one or more of the following reasons: a if you leaf quickly through it, 
Want to waste your money? Buy this book... This format and the content of this book are tedious and unentertaining. Every single money saving tip in here can be obtained 
The Universal Language of DiSC. Sorry, but I would not recommend this book. As a reference guide I really expected more. Probably a good buy at 19.95, but I ll 
Two and a half stars... James Patterson s Violets Are Blue is another of his Alex Cross mysteries, which are always a good summer read. However, some are better than 
Donne Undone Again. This &quot;biography criticism&quot; of John Donne does little more than reveal Mr. Edwards own prejudices. As a theologian, Mr. Edwards showcases his contempt for Donne s early 
Keep it simple, stupid. It is difficult for me to avoid the clich of saying I feel ripped off by Fraud, so I ll just get writing that out of 
first time disappointment. I have often been exasperated with Henry James and his determination to make a simple sentence into a complicated puzzle and an intellectual game. But I have 
Don t waste your money. DeMille has done a rotten job with this book. Aspects of the plot which isn t too bad are never resolved. If you must read 
Beware of Blackstone. While this is an excellent and well written story, the Blackstone Audio version is horribly read. It is painful to listen to. The reader is very nasal 
disillusioned and disappointed. I should start by saying that I when I bought this book I thought it was related to the Center for Tactical Magic, but unfortunately it s 
Robert Wyatt. asks, in one of his compositions, how one might expect a spider to comprehend arachnophobia  
Worst book ever read on Multiple Personality disorder. I m not going to waste much time on this book review except to say that of all the books I ve 
Not a problem with they play, but a problem with the edition. I believe this is a poorly rendered version of Antony and Cleopatra. The organization of the notes made 
If I could only give it a ZERO. Only 38 pages into this book, I ve had to put it down in sheer awe of how utterly inaccurate this book 
Don t Buy This Unless You Enjoy Mumbo Jumbo. A waste of money for those of us who live in the real world versus the spiritual world  
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME. I have several dummies books, from how to build a PC to CCNA. I had to read this rediculous book when I worked for a 
Structurally unsound, clich ridden, an obvious trajectory. Cold Mountain is an unfortunate novel. It is unfortunate it won the National Book award why did it win? . The novel has 
Ponderous to read and lacking concrete information. I really didn t like this book. I bought this and what to expect when you are expecting. I prefered the other. I 
Unrealistic, repetitive, couldn t finish. This book was interesting at first. It shatters what most of us think the typical millionaire looks and acts like, but that only takes a 
Oh. My. God. This books starts with such promise but I find it hard to believe that the people who wrote the glowing reviews were actually able to slog through 
A Big Disapointment. This book is a big disapointment. The begining chapters have some useful information, but much of it can easily be found on the web. The 220 franchises 
The worst book I Have ever read on this subject. Mr. West writes about the Vatican not about the Roman Catholic Church. If he had not been a priest i 
the disabled scholar. This history of the Reformation is a scholarly document and many reviewers have praised its quality. I found it to be comparable to milk in a locked 
Incompetent. First off anyone who gave this book five stars was employed by the publisher to up the rating that simple. I mean look at some of them they are 
Some authors should stick with short stories... While his wordplay, setting and concepts are as usual nothing short of breath-taking his characters and plot developement are nothing short of yawn 
Not her best. Sandra Brown is my favorite suspense romance writer. I always look forward to reading her new releases and this book was no exception. However, I was very 
Not happy. I purchased this book for my 3 year old niece. As I read the story, I came across a sentence that gives a reason for the inability of 
Some things aren t funny... I generally like David Sedaris; in fact he s one of my favorites. But when his stories veer off into the death of children, almost 
Mediocre... good for healthy advice, bad for recipes. Like many of the other reviewers, I found this book frought with recipe mistakes or are they just sloppily written? . However, 
Horrible. If Bell left out any cliches I would be surprised. From terrible dialog, laughable stereotyping of characters, ridiculous plot with an unlikely to say the least coincidence, to one 
Some inaccuracies abound... ...in the previous reviews. This is, simply, a screed. Imagine Ann Coulter on a bad day, and you ve got an idea of the tone of the 
A Coming of Age Story?. When I finished reading this book I really didn t know what to think of it. While reading it I constantly felt like I was 
A total travesty!. I feel so bad for the author, but not bad enough to keep this book. It s being returned. Although the written content is excellent, 10 of 
Interesting... I found this novel aesthetically pleasing, well written and interestingly structured, as well as witty in places, but hardly hilarious as others here have suggested. Regarding the book seeming 
Babble. I like Math, Not circler illogic. Took this course in 1997; while my professor was initially excited since he had known Lay, he soon simply shook his head in 
Better with some revisions. As a brazilian animator I tried to start to read this book by the Latin american section, and comprehensively, by the one that shows the status 
Not an easy book to read...or to like. In &quot;3 Lives,&quot; Gertrude Stein recounts the life stories of three very different women living and dying in the city Bridgepoint. With 
save your money. Not really very good at all. Took me about 20 minutes to realize that I had wasted my money  
Fun fantasy fluff but not much substance. Homeland was a decent enough start to a promising trilogy and this continues on a similar pathway. The cast of characters from the 
Pretty vague about a lot of things. I felt that this book really just skims the surface of so much. Maybe Dr. Brazelton just wants to give a little info 
Not very useful. I wish I could have previewed more of this book before I read it. I find it a gross oversimplification of men and women. The world is 
What stinks in here?!?!?. I wish I had read the reviews before I bought this book. I normally love Katie MacAlisters books, they are amusing and have something new even 
Crummy. I don t know why I do it to myself anymore. Goodkind brought a real gem into the world of fantasy novels when he wrote Wizard s First Rule. 
On a downward spiral. With each book she writes, Jodi Picoult comes down a level in terms of quality. Rather than narrowing the scope and developing it well, this novel 
The picture on the cover says it all. This is yet another book on how to mold yourself into the perfect little military wife. Give me a break. While it 
Far Fetched. I finished this book, but only so I could move on to another. While I like the author s prose, I found the story line to be a 
A Disgrace to Womanhood. As a mother, a teacher of thirty-five years, and a woman who has walked with the Lord since the age of six, I am appalled that 
Shamefully lazy. This is the work of an amateur. Mr. Vachon is able to build a world, but as far as finding a story and weaving his way into and 
Golfing Gossip at a Grinding Pace. I guess I am the only reviewer who found this book tedious and banal. It s more a series of thumbnail biographies of pga 
I gave up!. I missed the book club meeting that discussed this book but thought I would read the book anyway because everyone seems so enamoured with Ms. Cleage. I 
pleasurable kingdom. I was only able to get through the first couple of chapters. I was so horrified about what I was reading I had to put the book down. 
Biderman s War. The Eastern Front was a giant massacre. The Eastern Front story is about cold-blooded Nazi Killers, commanders who sacrificed all their human instinct to the Gods of 
not written with care. This book must have been thrown together quickly: In the area that gives the menus, with page numbers for different recipes, the page numbers are often 
Golf for Dummies - miniature version. what a ripoff. the miniature version is stashed in the details, not placed in the title. the reviews are for the full version. and 
Lizards. The author of this book is an ex English soccer player and sports commentator who had a nervous breakdown and went, well...nuts. He belives, for example, that the UK 
The Worst of Several Genres. I love mysteries set in WW II and like old time radio so I couldn t wait to begin this one. The hero is a 
Not completely essential but worthwhile anyway. I received this book as a gift, or I definitely would never have purchased it. It is lacking any sense of direction, as other 
While Drowning in the Desert. The temperature of the water in one which drowns is as insignificant as the depth of characters and plausibity of this hastily created novel.The biggest 
THE MOVIE WAS A LOT BETTER!!!. To be honest I was very disappointed with the book. Maybe it s because I watched the movie first and then I read the 
Useless format. A Dickens Christmas story is meant to be read in front of the fire with children gathered round. As configured in this particular ebook format you cannot do 
disappointing. I have read half of Jodi Picoult s novels and this one was such a disappointment. I didn t care for any of the characters and just wanted to 
I dont like this book. I want to make a short comment here:1 This book is quite confusing. It mixed up the real story with the make up one.2 Saying 
Fast Paced. The book did hold my interest most of the way through; it definitely was a fast-moving story. I enjoyed the detailed descriptions of the setting and the characters. 
To much Math. To much math and not easy to understand  
Well, Duh! I already knew THAT!. This book s scientifically proven findings made me think it would contain something really life-changing or unheard-of. On the contrary, the book s advice 
Stay Away... Far Away!. There are lots of people dissatisfied with this book, myself included. I really don t understand how anyone can find this book cohesive, and the little 
whom do i see about getting the 3 hours of my llife back?. this is a great book...if you 15 and you ve finaly run out of ravenwolf books to 
I love many cookbooks but this is not one of them. The first thing I didn t like about this book was the number of non-crock-pot recipes. It s disconcerting 
Ultimately unconvincing. With the credentials of these authors, I expected something better. The book is not well-edited; typos abound and the sentence structure is frequently shaky, to say the least. 
some of you guys are being ridiculous here!. Sure this book is interesting, but it is biased and out of date with modern day psychiatry. Yeah they used to as 
Biochemistry as it isn t. With 566 previous reviews perhaps 565 more than the book merits , it might seem that there was little more to say. However, extremely few 
David Brock admits he was wrong about Anita Hill. I do not understand why this book is still in print, or at the very least is not published with a 
a huge disappointment. very expensive and about as inspiring as a book of wallpaper samples. I use this book to keep my cat from going under the loveseat. Sorry, but 
WORD GAMES. AGELESS BODY is Deepak s attempt to neutralize the word old as in old age. The writer has a knack for making common words, like body, mind and 
Please give me more Ms. Morrison. Tony Morrison is an excellent writer. I simply anticipated more out of her before reading this book. Maybe it is my problem as a 
Way too light to be compelling . The debate over God and His existence non-existence is perhaps the most intriguing discussion to occur among human beings. We all have inferences 
Politically correct, insidious garbage. I would call this book nonsense if only the ideas inside of it weren t so off base as to be harmful. Giving kids a proper 
Don t buy this book!. The other reviews saying Repetitve and shallow content are all 100 true.It repeats itself over and over again. Is not only boring but it s 
A sad attempt. Harrison writes as though he desperately wishes he had something interesting to say, but knows that he does not. To cover this lack including that of a 
Art Without Heart. Mark s clever as a wizard but just as cold. For fans of technique only, those to whom concerns for the characters don t matter, but being 
Ooops! I forgot to write a story!. Alice Randall s original concept for The Wind Done Gone was for it to be a parody of Gone with the Wind in 
Mostly unoriginal and generally uninteresting. Primarily Barry Singer s compilation with some re-editing of pieces he wrote for a number of publications, perhaps most notably The New York Times, Ever 
Searching for new medicines in the rain forest? What?. I believe that the author of this book should review it. I did not fine any searching in this book. The 
Not for the Novice. This book has undeniably ignited the enthusiasm of veteran web developers, but it simply cannot be considered a manual for the absolute novice.As a casual hobbyist, 
We need another version of this trip. Pasquale Scaturro and Gordon Brown make the first source to sea expedition down the Nile. It is a splendid adventure that would make 
Confusing. After reading this book, which reads more like a piece of propaganda work, I m not sure whether these poor women were actual brides or comfort women no disrespect 
cute idea doesn t work. The vocabulary is too sophisticated for the target age group. My kids asked me to stop reading it halfway through because I had to explain 
not what you want. look, the secret to law school is finding the 1 hornbook you need to survive your class. this is not it. sorry harvard. this is poorly 
Out of date. I found this book to be very out of date, especially in terms of pricing and logistics in both Dublin and the Dingle area. I went to 
9 times out of 10. The back cover of my copy of Stranger In A Strange Land has a quote on it from the Washington Post. It says that it 
Orion s Hounds - Bark Worse Than Their Bite. I bought and read the first 3 Titan books all in a row, just about as quickly as I could. In 
Poorly tested for machines?; not 100 whole grain. I have the hardcover edition of this book, and I ve only tried the recipes in a bread machine. I wanted to 
A Truly Awful Book. Save your time, money and patience. This may be the worst book I have read since the equally monotonous, predictable Stone Barrington novel The Short Forever 
Too Many Pattern Mistakes. I consider myself an intermediate level crocheter and I really like a lot of the designs in this book. However, I made the &quot;Learn to Crochet 
Nothing New, Just Some Tricks. All the 14 tools in this book are not new to me. The book, however, provides some insights on how to apply them to problem 
Worst Fnatasy I have ever read. What can you say about a book that introdouces three characters in one chapter? Or has a character thats entire vocabulary seems to consist 
Good, but far from convincing. This book by Stan Larson does present an interesting story of Ferguson, a lawyer who had a hobby in archaeology. However, Ferguson was nothing more 
Biased. Unfortunatley, Ms. Ornstein s book is not based on actual research, but rather on pre-established suppositions. The gender climate of a school is best evaluated by looking at two 
Poisonous Misinformation. The most depressing thing about a book like this is not the outrageously inaccurate content, but, based on the high ratings and adulatory comments by other reviewers, that 
probably the most boring book I ve ever had to read. I was forced to read this in 10th grade but could hardly bear reading it. Initially, I d had 
This is worthless. I bought this expecting to get 101 generic rock licks that I could use while improvising, but that s not what this book is. It s just 
Don t always believe what you read. This book is a sad compilation of environmental propaganda. To speak of timber harvests in the &quot;billions&quot; of board feet when the industry 
Teenager s Opinion. One word.... Sentimentality. That word sums up this entire book. This book was on the 10th grade reading list and I can honestly say that I thoroughly 
important but flawed. I was very curious about this book, because John Harris runs the best political journalistic operation the business at the Washington Post and Mark Halperin runs the 
charming, bourgeois, harmless. By chance before picking this up I had just finished The Heart is a Lonely Hunter by Carson McCullers, and was struck by the similarities and differences. 
Nothing against Kaplan, but... Myself, my peers, and my teaching assistant for my math class equally agree that this book isn t that great. Topics have few examples, if none 
Not useful for a normal coder looking to learn Unix drivers. If you are trying to learn how to write Linux Device drivers from scratch, this is probably not the 
Make it stop!. This book is TERRIBLE. It is perhaps the slowest-paced book I have ever read. We know from the back cover that Noble is going to die & 
Boring. The author is reusing a similar plot device than in Twisted : a somewhat obscure reference material that shows up late in the book and clarifies everything. That is 
Paradoxical references. I was very surprised and dissapointed to find so many biblical references in a book with such a title  
A very BIG disappointment. JAK books are, imho, one of the best in the market right now.Her stories are spun from a truly talented mind, with determined yet understanding heroines 
Waste of Time. I thought this book would be a page turner because of my previous experience with medical novels. It was anything but. The characters names and who they 
USELESS BUNK. Obviously, the rantings of a depressed, selfish and self-righteous woman, who for if these issues were not enoughof a challenge, believes in the fraudulent and assaninethinking of Freud. 
Philosophy of bunk. As a vegan, eco-minded, anti-sexist anti-homophobic punk, I m guessing I m supposed to like this, but I don t. This is not THE philosophy of punk; 
Too much detail.. not enough story. After reading so many chick books, I was really expecting something really good out of Carole Matthews, unfortunately I didn t. I thought she 
Details, details, details. I am so used to Andre Norton using just the right amount of details to stimulate my imagination and then leaving it up to me to fill 
The movements may be good - A pity the author is difficult to stand... I bought this book because I became curious after reading the various posted reviews. I do 
Don t read in front of an open fire. Richard Pipes s Property and Freedom, offered by him as the work of a dilettante , is professor emeritus of Russian 
Sad story...even sadder storytelling. You can t help but be sad about this autobiography... but I couldn t tell if it was the story or the writing. If you love 
700 pages of reader suffering. This novel started out pretty good in that I didn t know where Koontz was going with Martie s panic attacks and fear of herself. 
The only disappointing Falco. The only misstep so far in a wonderful series. I was so eager for the book, I got a copy of the British edition, before it 
Not for Single Mothers by Choice. This book is good for some situations, but it is not appropriate for planned single parent families, i.e. through donor insemination or adoption. More 
Very Dated Material. This book outlines a few things about growing cannabis that you may find stunning to read but when you put it into practice you soon find out 
Paranoid much?. I was expecting a historical account of SIGINT, but what I found was on the verge of mysterious black helicopters and alien autopsies. I am not even half 
Contains errors. The forms are incorrect. James Lee was a student of Bruce Lee, therefore the errors in his forms are understandable. If you want to get a rough idea 
A highly agrivating pile of schlock. Frustrated authors take note, you can be published and you don t even have to worry about little details such as punctuation, sentence clarity, 
mildly funny. this book was mildly funny but very juvenile... more of a gag gift sort of book than a hysterical read... i found it boring after the billionth f-bomb.. 
Confusing on audio. Woolf s style of writing changing between several characters thoughts causes difficulty for one to follow this novel on audio. The paperback proved to be easier for 
a very bad reason to kill trees. Ok, first of all, read that ttle again. Don t you love how idiotic grown ups sounds when they try to, like, borrow 
How I Spent My Summer Vacation, Looking for Pirate Women... That should have been the title of the book. I was really disappointed. There was very little about Grace O 
All s well that ends well. This is a novel in superlative style: heroic, magnanimous, exalted, brightly, caressingly, exquisite, fascinating, wonderful, sublime, radiant, delightful ... It confronts and mingles very 
Racist Classist Megalomaniac Talks A Little About Heroin. After hearing some decent things about this book, I was surprised at just how uninteresting and often offensive of a read it 
A Disaster in Chinatown... For those expecting a definitive chronicle of this show, be prepared for a major disappointment. While he has seemingly done his homework, author David Lewis has 
Old School. My tape cassette reads, Updated for the 90 s. Well, on this tape you will learn tired, worn closing lines that were old far before the 90 s. 
sewing and fabrics. This book offers absolutely nothing of value. As a person who sews, I was very disappointed  
preachy and whiny. While this book brought up some very good issues about how terrible overweight people are treated, I found it preachy and many times got irritated with Lara 
Stupid!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I don t like this stupid book! It only teaches kids that strangers are bad people that wanna hurt you for fun, and the only nice people are the 
Barely Relevant. Mr. Ferrazzi ignores the distinct advantage that he has had throughout his career: he is an Ivy-league grad. While I found some of his insights to be helpful, 
At least I didn t buy this book ... No stars should be an option! I picked this out of someone s trash bag on the sidewalk. Which should have 
Pedantera en estado puro. Todos los tpicos tienen algo de verdad, y aqul que dice que Borges es un escritor pedante para pedantes no es en absoluto una excepcin. Sus 
Bored. This story of a chid id poverty-stricken India was hard to keep reading. The lack of plot put me right to sleep. I got a few chapters in and 
Wise Blood. I had to force myself to finish this book. After reading two-thirds I felt compelled to finish it simply in hopes of finding some redeeming value to the 
Poorly Revised Third Edition. I am disappointed with lack of current ESL EFL research that is cited in this text. It appears that the contributors simply resubmitted their original material 
Elizabeth Peters is better than this. I loved every Elizabeth Peters book I had ever read until this one. She is one of my favorite authors and I am a 
Organizing and Filing. I bought this book about 6 years ago and brought it home to read. However, it deals a lot with filing away papers and tells you things 
Rich man s guide to buying sex. I bought this looking for real world applications to meeting girls women looking for sexual fulfillment. The gist of the book was a 
Unbiblical and bad writing make for one star. This book is so flawed in every which way, it is hard to know where to begin. First of all, we are 
Inconsistent from the start. I agree with much that Mr. Johnson observes regarding the decline of the American empire but I feel his work is intentionally misleading for people who 
Cover to cover bs. This book is horrible and chocked full of slanted thinking ? and outrght lies aimed at dividing this country even further. It s a sad, sad 
Pointless posturing... I m not sure what audience this book was aimed at; I never figured out where it was trying to go.I could sum the whole thing up like 
Nicely-Compiled. I have an eclectic taste in my reading material and I was hoping this book would present a neat atmospheric tableau upon which the author spun her facts about 
Nothing New and Not Credible. Virtually all the ideas in this book are already practiced by most successful company s - they just describe them differently. There is nothing new. 
Written 13 years ago, very simplistic and outdated. This book might be good as a simple review for children interested in kennels. I found it to be very simplistic and 
Only half on track. Anyone looking for an authoritative book on Bin Laden would do better to consult either of Peter Bergen s works, or Rohan Gunaratna. While many of 
The very-abstract evil is rising. I clearly do not share the enthusiasm of some of the reviewers here, who will all have to forgive me for thinking that Susan Cooper 
This ain t Starship Troopers, that s for sure... First off, Starship Troopers is one of my top ten books period. Well done Mister Heinlein.This book? In a word--UGH! The 
The British First World War. I found this book quite unsatisfactory. The main focus is always on the Western Front shockingly leaving out the Americans and their indispensable human and 
Not exactly a devotional. With so many other decent study Bibles out there, there is not really a good reason to get this one. Really the only reason is if 
Very much overrated. This book, short and terse, takes a reproachful tone and minimalist explanation style. My biggest crticism, though, is its lack of challenging words. Those who have no 
Disappointing. I was expecting a &quot;kit&quot; based on the title. It turned out to be a 210 page paper-back book. The main reason I bought the &quot;kit&quot; was to get 
Pot Calling the Kettle Black. Objective? The reviewer that called this book objective and factual wasn t reading the same book I read. Factual perhaps, but objective...no way. There are 
Disappointing. I awaited the arrival of this book with much enthusiasm. However when it arrived I was disappointed. I prefer Glynis McCants take on numerology. Her book Glynis Has Your 
LESS THAN I EXPECTED. THE BOOK WAS VERY SHORT AND DID NOT EXPAND VERY MUCH IN A LOT OF IMPORTANT AREA S...THIS COULD OF ALMOST BEEN A START UP BOOK 
DISBELIEF. It s sad what has happened to some of the kids who were victims of no medical treatment when they need it. I m christian so I pray when 
Easy?. This book completely oversimplifies almost every aspect of brokering frieght. It has a few good tips, that s about it.  
Lousy self-promoting, seminar style book. If you re looking for a book that was mostly written by someone other than Kendra, has information about housing markets that is outdated, and 
I HATED IT. I JUST DIDN T LIKE THIS BOOK. I WANTED TO PUT IT DOWN AND NOT PICK IT UP EVER AGAIN, BUT ONCE I START READING A BOOK 
It s no Please Kill Me . Picked this and the new American Hardcore: A Tribal History up at the same time. Despite listening to the West Coast punk bands 
Not careful or helpful. When I bought this book, I was already a pre-trib guy, and a big fan of the Left Behind series. I thought this book would help 
PRACTICALLY PERFECT WEDDING. VERY USEFUL IN PLANNING ANY WEDDING. I VE WRITTEN MY 1ST CERAMONY AND AM VERY HAPPY WITH ALL THE GUIDENESS, ALL THE IDEAS AND HELP FROM THE 
Dull &amp; poorly written!. This is an extremely simplistic historical outline that is very poorly organized &amp; written. DO NOT BUY IT  
Don t bother... I read exactly three chapters and gave up in disgust. Sensationalized & poorly written. This book is headed to the swap table at the dump.If you are 
Unlike his son, at least he can read and write. But, still, don t waste your money. If you must read this, get it from the library and buy a 
Bullcrap. Goad doesn t sound like a tried and true redneck. I can tell that I was brought up in a hillbilly background, and it is nothing to admire. I 
seemingly good reference, but... Lay-out of this book is good, but that s it. Most of descriptions are done by &quot;copy &amp; paste&quot;. It does not contain any &quot;recommended daily 
Inconsistent. I think I would have liked this book if I had read it when I was 14 or 15. Sweet, dreamy, simplistic. But I am much older and I 
Is This a Book?. Is this a book to help out women who suffer from being misinformed about menopause or an advertisement for progesterone cream? Didn t help me at 
Straight to video?. If this had been a movie, it is my belief it would have gone straight to video. It only came out in hardcover because the publishers knew 
Not So Good. I was enthusiastic about this book when I first scanned it at the bookstore. Later, after trying a few recipes and spending more time with it, I 
A Disappointment. Wanted more scientific information. How Cayenne works? How to mix it? Dosages and recipes for its use. Was totally disappointed!!  
No help for beginner songwriters. As a beginner songwriter, this book was of minimal help. It starts with a method of generating ideas, called object writing , then skips to 
Stay away. This book should take a day or two to read...but it took me about two months. The main character is so annoying that I wanted him to die 
Dated and Boring. I purchased the book because I thought that anything Fine Gardening put out would be superb. I thought wrong-as a landscaper I m looking for new and 
Betty s Not What She Used to Be. Time was when the words Betty Crocker actually stood for something good in cookbooks, although the books recipes, for better or for 
DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK FOR THE NEW ICE EXAM!. Absolutely DO NOT use this book if you are taking the new ICE exam. I used this book about 2 
Raise a Citizen!. If you have Kids or Grandkids, who think about politics & like SF ; give them this book!It was One of the many Heinlein Works that helped 
About as interesting as reading a dictionary. Definately only a book to use to look up names. not to actually help you find one.You can find this type of alphabetical 
Save your money for a pepperoni pizza. I bought this book because I wanted to learn more about high performance driving without the cost of going to a school, but 
Becoming A Master Manager - Book Review. I found that the book, Becoming A Master Manager, to not be very helpful in an Introduction to Management course. Although the idea 
Running on repeat. Ken Akamatsu has made a living off of underdog boys and the dozens of girls who inexplicably adore them. But he adjusts his formula a little for 
Who needs morality. Amazing how a writer can attempt to make an immoral organization, the corporation, look moral. Only someone like Al Capone could sympathize with this group on the 
Not a great read. This isn t a great read. The story feels static. Nothing much happens. The narrator Cath goes on and on about her life now, her two 
good grief. Thankfully I borrowed this one from a friend. I vowed 4 books ago that I would never buy any of her stuff new - only used or borrowed. 
Plot full of holes. Did I miss something, or did this guy risk his life based on a promise to someone he just met? Too much irrational behavior to mention. 
Apologist. I was very disappointed by the book.I wanted an explanation for Israels continuing occupation of Palestinian lands but got only apologistic rhetoric from this obvious pro zionist.Much of his 
souls of black folk. was worthless...was not the correct match for my class book requirement. Never used it...if someone wants it you can have it for free  
Wrong couple???. I have to admit that I did like the book, in terms of the writing style. However, the ending was so abrupt and unbelievable. I wanted to know 
I was very disappointed. After reading the &quot;Culture Shock&quot; books for Germany, Sweden, and France for trips, I was extremely disappointed with this book. It is basically a history book 
Not for the Mutton, For the Lamb. These are really, really youthful designs. They are also strongly oriented towards the small-chested and lithely armed. I flipped through this and found 
Subtle victim blaming. David Brame was a chief of police who committed at least one rape of a woman other than his wife--whom he raped repeatedly---and terrorized certain members of 
Disappointment !!!. With all respect to Mr. Hawking - this book should never been published. I m not blaming him, but all others who are responsible it went to market.Let 
This book is difficult to understand. This book is difficult to understand. Tug is poorly describe  
Sorry, but I have not recieved the book yet . Sorry, but I have not recieved the book yet  
Hardly redeeming or redeemable . I suppose I m going to be alone in these reviews in complaining loudly about Ellis s stylistic sloppiness. I recall a particularly amusing section 
Check for error. I am studying Phase Lock Loop. I am current studying 3 books at the same time because I can verify the correctness of the book and get 
Get a Clue. You people really need to read before you assume that the occult is a bad thing.  
Yes, Extremely Biased Book. To all commentators who are trying to justify the biasness of this book, you should be ashamed.This book has a MAJOR tilt to the left in 
 Bored on Thursday . This book will be a lovely addition to my compost heap. I couldn t find any sense in the character s motivations so the whole 
blah!. this book wasn t all that great. and, that s being nice. i love horror, and it had mediocre reviews on here, so i thought i d check it 
Two wrongs don t make a right!. Dershowitz is supposed to be a college professor, yet he consistently cuts and pastes sources from Joan Peters fraud, From Time in Memorial. 
On the problem of modern Anti-Catholicism. Professor Jenkins has written with insight and clarity on a number of controversial topics, unfortunately, while this book raises some important points, it is 
Horrible Ending. This is a book that truly disappoints. The story itself is adequate, but not great. There is more than enough to keep you interested, but it s almost 
Disappointing. I wanted one great dictionary for reference as I just got started with my aquarium a few months ago. I found this to be badly indexed, and since it 
Come On. I actually bought this book thinking it would be helpful, but all the info is in the online documents!!! The book isn t even advanced. It shows you 
Not a developer book. I will have to put myself in the same corner as a few of my fellow reviewers, this is not a developer book, by far. It 
Rather dull. I have a number of excellent books on Flower Remedies and bought this because I thought that it would add a new angle. In fact, it was rather 
A complete waste of time. When I read the back cover of this book the story sounded interesting and gave the impression that something bad would happen in it. The 
This book stinks!. Let me make a simple observation, people by these type of books for the pictures. After all, a picture is worth a thousand words right? But flipping 
Didn t like the dialogue. I used to enjoy the occassional Marge Piercy book I picked up but I was disappointed in this one for many of the same reasons 
I prefer my anarchism without choas. Readers can easily expect that an anthology of poetry about anarchism might be difficult to assemble given that few identify themselves as anarchists or 
An Intro to the PsychK Wkshp: Tells you WHY not HOW to. I basically agree with the reviewer who said this book is largely an info-mercial , BUT the PsychK 
The author failed to explain the basics of financial acct. This book constantly asks reader to jump back and forth between chapters. It failed to present a general picture of 
dissatisfied. This book appears to be useful only for secondary teachers. That was not stated in any of the information about the book and I would not have purchased it 
Is the Beltway Necessary. Filled with insider gossip and scatter-shot observations on the sexes, this is not exactly a work for the ages. In fact outside of the catchy title, 
treat it as fiction. This is an interesting book, in that it might encourage the reader to think about things outside of the one s traditional framework. However, if you 
In the name of truth and objectivity, hypocrite Chomsky maligns his country and its closest ally. Noam Chomsky has thrived greatly in this great country of his, yours, and mine 
Too confusing. This textbook is extremely difficult to follow and doesn t flow very well. I had a difficult time trying to understand the concepts the author was trying to 
Not worth the money. A beautiful looking cookbook, certainly. I was very excited to try the recipes after receiving the book for Xmas. But what a disappointment. Tried 14 different 
Save your money... I am very disappointed in this book.From the Introduction: Common names for plants can be misleading and do not always distinguish among the species. Additionally a plant 
It s all a matter of faith. It always amazes me how seemingly intelligent people can become so irrational when it comes to their religious beliefs. This feeble attempt to 
Sloppy, redundant, although some good info. I was extremely disappointed by this hornbook. I was hoping that this would go along with Rotunda s casebook nicely, but I was sorely 
a good story presented in an awkward format. Although I enjoyed the story itself, this deluxe edition really didn t do anything for me. The book is 9.5 x 13 
Zero stars. All you have to know about this woman is that NAMBLA The Man Boy Rape, I mean Love, Association is a big supporter of hers. I spit on 
She ll Put A Spell On You!. When it comes to looking for titles on catching and stringing along men one of the phrases women probably will not type into 
A mediocre and oversensationalized story. I had to read this book in ninth grade honors English. I thought the book was one more the more profound wastes of time I 
Hateful!. I would have given no stars, but it wasn t an option. I bought this book because I thought it would have some cute little jokes one liners. I 
Ultimately Flawed Analysis. Michael Lind s Vietnam: The Necessary War argues that the Indochina conflict was a crucial and unavoidable struggle within the larger framework of the Cold War. Central 
Classic 15 minutes of fame. for non writers who manipulate everything to suit their conceptions. the FACTS completely debunk this book. Thankfully, these men will fade; the true mysteries remain 
poorly written. PSP X Revealed is a poorly written book with black and white images of screen shots. Trying to associate a black and white screen shot with a color 
poor!. I am very dissapointed at this book. It seems like this is a 4 year old book. But don t worry i am going to order more Baby Sitters 
This book does not stay on target !. The book seems to miss the mark. It just seems like he thought he could slap star wars and christianity on it 
Good in parts, but more often just an absurd sexual reinterpretation. In her book, Kathleen Brown offers a revision of colonial Virginia history. Relying almost entirely upon previously known and 
The Knaves and their New Economy. Harry Dent couples an investment advisory book with a piecemeal economic analysis of the dynamics of the so called `New Economy in the 21st 
time for a change?. I loved the first book,but found little in here to care about.The Bobby B piece is interesting as are a couple other parts but,overall this just 
Hmmmm. While browsing the reviews of this book it was hard to ignore this one: I am a very devoted member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day 
Very dissapointed. I wasn t expecting this book to somehow transform my sex life, but I certainly didn t expect the garbage I read.Yes, he makes some preaty good, but 
Vindictive tone, ridiculous observations.... I have read a lot of Diana books and this is by far the worst. It is such an unjustified trash that I put my Hardcover 
Jargon-ridden and boring. Boring academic jargon at its worst. I have PhD so should be used to this sort of thing, but found it useless. Save your money for a 
The Valley of Monotony. This is a long book, maybe one of the longest London wrote, but no matter, you can take it in small doses, because the book is 
Please, please, stop!. As an avid fan of Hamilton and other great sci-fi writers, I find it difficult to plow my way through Benford s mess. The story idea is 
Mixes truth with falsehoods. Paul Driessen, the author of this book, is a PR specialist who works for two business lobbyist think tanks, Committee For A Constructive Tomorrow, and the 
Really.....Reporter Bernard Goldberg disagrees... First off, In a recent poll, over 90 of the news correspondents in Washington, DC said they voted Democrat.Moving on...Bernard Goldberg has a book out called 
Very dull. This was just a very dull book and difficult to stick with. It was loaded with pictures and facts about Doc Holliday but was just plain boring  
Another one bites the dust. I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but this book, was yet another dread. The instructions were, at times unclear, and my result 
Read with a grain of sand.... I am very familiar with the courts in Santa Clara County CA , having myself been caught up in a nasty custody battle and 
This book is a waste of your time and money. McGraw-Hill should be ashamed of themselves for allowing this book to be published! It meets none of the advertized criteria, 
Bad information in this book. This book should get zero stars because the author makes false statements. She claims that a vegan diet is not adequate for a developing fetus. 
Wotta crock!!. The Frosts version of Wicca is atheistic and almost Satanic LaVey version in its utter selfishness. Use Wicca by which they really mean witchcraft, since they provide no 
Take critical thinking one step further... ...and use the techniques in this book on the book itself. Sadly, a book with so much promise falls victim to its own PR 
poor quality. not worth it. very low quality paper, low quality reproductions, bad ink.... publisher has put his profit over any quailty for the reader  
The Most Boaring Book Alive. The book is called The Circuit. This book is about a boy named Francisco Jimenez who wants to be another person. He had a hard 
What Did I Miss??. After reading others reviews on this book, I decided to buy it. WHAT DID I MISS?? Out of the 10 short stories, I enjoyed and even 
Bad choice of words. I guess I m glad some sissies are loud and proud, but I have a problem with calling anyone a sissy. The book is amusing enough, 
Do you have money to waste?. I bought this because I was excited to learn Nippongo, but this really didn t help me at all. The material is outdated and 
Man, what tough going !. What a slog it is trying to get through this book. I m nearly there I ve read 3 or 4 other books since starting 
I m sorry but NO. Death Before Dishonor is one of the worst pieces of trash I ve ever read. It starts with ex-con Trill Johnson running from the law. 
A PR campaign that failed badly for Kerry. Tour of Duty was just another example of the ineptitude of the Kerry people and how they underestimated the survivors, the real 
A hot book on tape in 2001 proves an embarassment for the authors in 2005. This book on tape was published early 2001 just in time for listeners to lose 
Boring book... This book is literally one of the worst I ve ever read. Seriously, there is nothing you can get out of it. I don t understand how people 
Enough. After reading several pages of this book I encountered a gross insult to the President. This after other negative references to conservatives. Fine. I chose to return the book 
Machado ill-served by ubiquitous Bly. Bly deserves credit for introducing Spanish poetry to the American audience back in the 1950s and 1960s. Machado is a wonderful poet. Unfortunately, Bly is 
Nothing NEW!!. This is a great book if you don t have the two it is copied from; I was TOTALLY disappointed and felt ripped off because I do have 
Why do Authors do this? -50 on the puke meter. First, I don t get the nice rating this book gets; I guess I never understood why people enjoyed Back 
WORD GAMES. AGELESS BODY is Deepak s attempt to neutralize the word old as in old age. The writer has a knack for making common words, like body, mind and 
Boring...tedious...self indulgent. I read both this novel and The Truth Machine because a friend highly recommended them. What a bore...First of all, I give this two stars instead of one 
Disappointed. I found this book amongst my roomate s things when we were moving out of our dorm for the summer. It had been an assigned reading for a Southwestern 
UGH. I loved Girl s Guide and have to agree with most of the reviewers below. I was so looking forward to another fun, interesting read and for once could 
The Erotic Scenes.. .. Were what kept me reading. Those were really explosive and well written, with a careful balance of setting, romance and raw passion. BUT, the story line 
Not a history book. This book was poorly conceived and even more poorly written. Most of the material should have been be presented in a sociology forum, not in a 
No way. The pictures in this book are horrible. Blurry in black and white. There s only simple stitches and nothing exciting. I have not used this book, and have 
What a Load of Baloney. This book depends upon count em five works from the nineteenth century, all of which have been debunked by scholars. It is a wonderful fantasy. 
WOW!. What a joke. Liberals are wonderful people, really. Ha, NOT! They can t argue good politics so they attack someone who can. Nice..what looser  
Did I miss something?. Here s what this book never explained: if you are WILLING to cook at all, you can cook anything you want. So why do you need 
No wonder his wife is friendly with the prisoners. This is the story of Sheriff Bell, an insufferable dullard who won t shut up about how criminals these days are 
Disappointing... There is very little in this book that the average fitness-minded person does not already know. Granted, it does provide some ideas how to properly structure your training, and 
Poor Organization. I am one third through and I am afraid I find the book poorly organized. There are no real step by step examples integrated with data. I have 
A Bloated, Annoying, Cookie Cutter Debut. After many years, I decided to finally give Kathy Reichs Temperance Brennan series a go. So, where better to start than her debut novel 
Scatterbrained. This book is so scattered and disjointed. Topics don t flow, random jumps are made, and the text is written poorly to top it off. If you re going 
approach with caution. Bible Code enthusiasts believe God put hidden messages in the Bible for us to find with a computer, however, when you read this man s book, a 
The only great thing about the book is its name. The only great thing about The Great Fire is its name.This is one of those books that as you read 
Didn t get much from this book. This was one of these books I d usually pick off the library shelf, glance quickly through it and put it right back. 
limited value. For an adult beginner, this book is of very limited value. It cannot be used to learn the piano, but is only a general guide for someone who 
A huge let-down. Don t waste your time or money. I have spent years studying the Knights Templar and have read countless books, both fact and fiction, about the group. 
Poor research. I was intrigued by this book because of the glowing reports I read about it on several homeschooling websites. The entire text is available online, so I thought 
The Crossing - Back and forth to Mexico. The Crossing is set in New Mexico and Mexico in the late 1930s, during the last days of the Wild West before 
Disappointing...unsatisfying ending, unoriginal. I was disappointed with this after reading My Sister s Keeper which I loved .There are too many plot holes in this story, too many inconsistencies. Like 
Good Idea.... I think Mallory and the Dream Horse was a good idea for the BSC series, but it wasn t as detailed as other horse books. I should know 
The guide sucks. You d be better off using the internet to figure the game out. The guide feels super cluttered, it s almost hard to read and it doesn 
Don t Waste Your Money. Unethical review practices aside, this book isn t that great. I had a look at Borders and I was not impressed by either the content 
no buy. the book is not at all thorough, but is thumb nails of so called hybrid buildings. There is no distinction between mixed use projects and hybrid buildings. hybrid 
A disappointment. I got my copy. I love the cover living room. I was disappointed in the book, however. It s a nice collection of pretty pictures, but that s 
Eww!. This is the worst book I have ever read! It is ssssssssssssssooooooo dull! Even Grunt is better than this-- eww eww eww! Go try some real books like The 
It only points out your faults, not how to fix them. This book is a great way to help with analyzing yourself, but it doesn t help you to fix 
Bloody Awful. When I the reviews to this book I thought to myself: this is going to be the read of the summer. So naturally, I went to my local 
Do Not Read This Book. ... unless you really want to. And you better have good reasons in that case. I can t imagine what they could be though. If 
Lehrer should not have bothered. The Special Prisoner has a promising premise: retired Methodist Bishop confronts Japanese soldier who brutalized him in a prison camp 50 years before. What happens 
Dangerous misinformation. Suzanne Somers apparently has no use for modern medical science. Especially as a survivor of breast cancer although of a very early stage she is putting her life 
What a letdown!. I really liked the premise of a reading club, with the themes in the books interwoven into the lives of the readers. But a few pages into 
Ego Visible. I had high hopes when I picked up this book because Styron is a terrific writer and I was interested in the subject. By the time I was 
This person doesn t have a clue. She routinely misrepresents evidence and publishes hearsay along with her own distorted theories. She generally doesn t understand the first thing about computing 
talk talk. May as well buy a grays anatomy. Pictures minimal and loads and loads of words and more words.  
Review of the book, and a response for Cymry9876. The argument that there must be a higher power because there is too much complexity is childish. Just because we believe 
A Puerile Embarrassment. Hailing from across the ideological spectrum twenty-one of the writers who have thought longest and hardest about immigration - what a joke! Only one immigration sceptic, George 
Overly Contrived, Stereotypical. Characters are annoyingly stereotypical, without much depth or substance. Book is dated by its constant references to Rodney King and the typical white vs. black sides-taking of 
Boring. It was like a T.V. movie. It sort of keeps your attention, but ultimately, it was just a way to kill a few hours. I thought the Robert character 
On Drugs. I give this book one star as there was nothing lower to choose from. Save your money. This book is not worth either your time or your money. 
K is for killer... Well, if anything this was a decently written story, with good dialect and character detail. However, this story felt like it was going around in circles 
A major disappointment. The book was supposed to be a translation, but the author has ended up publishing her biases in the garb of presenting it in narrative form. A 
Absolutely Nothing Of Value Here. The content of this book simply mirrors several of Ms. Horner s free webinars on her website. Save your money and go there if you 
Review of non-existent product. I was very disappointed to find that most of chapter 5 Genetic Engineering was incomplete. The chapter was cut off on page 80 and was followed 
Outdated. This book is so old it should not be sold anymore. The so called &quot;updates&quot; are simply token and the whole book is too old to be of help. 
Wasted Space. I was very disappointed with the content and layout of this book. The amount of wasted pages for workspace is excessive, but considering the lack of true content, 
One of the more preachy books that I have read. I enjoyed Covey s 7-habits work, and bought this to add to my collection of leadership books. This is one 
I d throw it away, but then I d worry that some homeless person might get stuck reading it. I can not describe how painful this book was. The first 
Very disappointing research. This book is obviously strongly on our side, but unfortunately it is not going to provide us with serious evidence. Suppose someone challenges me on how they 
Fancy title, weak content. Although it mentions many of the traders I respect, I found the book to be written at an eighth grade level with a lot of redundant 
uh-oh. I feel like a traitor since I love Seton s THE GREEN DARKNESS but this is probably the worst book I have read in ages. The characters are amoral 
Disgustingly cynical. I found the level of cynicism in this book extremely repulsive. Weinberg consults for large organizations that apparently don t really want their problems to be solved or 
Where s the safety info?. Why is there no safety data in this book? I realize that different &quot;experts&quot; in any given field can disagree slightly. However, I saw at 
A biker comments. After reading this book, and the reviews found here, I can t help but believe that all the positive reviews come from:1. Rich Urban Harley Riders2. Friends 
Good for Beginners but... This book is actually good for the beginners. This book clearly shows where the major and the minor lines are and also the exact location of 
Good for the first 25 pages. I bought this becuse it got a great review in the Village Voice and now seeing that the author lives in Brooklyn he must 
Does Anne also suffer from the curse?. As an avid fan and owner of every book she s published I was VERY disappointed in the storyline, plot, sub-plot, character development 
outrageous price. This is perhaps the most expensive book besides collectables. Judging from the size and amount of information, it probably worths 5 - but I had to buy it 
The insufferable Anna Wulf. Like many other reviewers, I struggled with this book. For more than 600 pages, Anna Wulf explores every thought and emotion that comes into her head 
MISSED OPPORTUNITY. With a long-standing interest in military aviation and a rated seaplane pilot, I could not wait to start reading what I thought would be a valuable addition to 
very disappointing. This CD was very uninformative and provided almost no information about the topic it was supposed to address, which is meditation. The speaker is very preachy and rambles 
Martin Fulfilling A Contractual Obligation To His Publisher?. I loved My Life With The Saints and as a subscriber, enjoy Martin s writing in America Magazine. I am also a 
Not Mieville s best work. I m a big fan of both Perdido Street Station and The Scar, compared to these earlier works Iron Council was a huge disappointment in 
Disappointing mystery thriller. Sometimes I ve enjoyed books by David Baldacci WISH YOU WELLand THE WINNER come to mind ; others, such as THE LAST MANSTANDING did little for me 
Factually incorrect and completely unreliable. I know Halberstam has a reputation for being a great writer and nothing I say will change it. However, there are two undeniable facts about 
Another managing book du jour. This book is a quick read albeit not a very interesting one. The primary message I got from this book is that the author was 
not very helpful for a beginner. I think this book is the worst of both worlds as a text or reference manual in that there are no real-world analogies in 
loose sprockets on cassettes. I was disappointed with my purchase. The first two tapes in the series were fine, but when I inserted the 3rd tape into my machine the 
Not a Biography of Benjamin Franklin. Such a disappointment ... such a fascinating individual and yet you will not find that in this book. It is not a biography of 
A Miserable Excuse for a Textbook. Some reviewers rave about the content of this book, I don t know why. It presents all of its topics at such a highlevel 
Censor the Garbage. Crying of Lot 49Flat - Senseless - One dead accumulation of words - In,fact this book is, at times, so porely constructed all reviewers who herald it 
A big disappointment. This book has been on my list for several years and I finally got around to reading it recently. I might have saved myself the time - 
Leftist approval of the new France. Somewhat useful for those ignorant of France. However, Ardagh is for all the modernist leftist ideals. Abortion is good. Feminism is delightful. Socialism is 
The Globalization of Guilt. 1. The persective of most writers is shaped by their own experience. Dr.Steele is an American Black, a baby boomer, a member of the academic elite, 
Jilly s got some good recipies here. JIll gave me her recipies for Prime rib,Yorkshire puddin, mushrooms, brussles spurouts, Pasta melonaze and others years ago and they are a staple 
Teaching Toward...Freedom?. I had to read this book for one of my teaching classes, and out of all the awful books my instructor assigned during the semester, this one was 
Glabrous Gentleman Indeed!. This fanciful tale takes me back to the days of my youth when a good wrestling match with the cyclops was enough to put me right to 
This book ruined the whole series for me. The first several books were great, but about half way through, it just turned into porn. I have never minded a little 
Too Wordy. This book was a little TOO wordy for my taste. I am sure to ALL the FANS of the Hick s absolutely love it, however I did not. 
I can remember when books were better than t.v. If you pick up a mystery at the grocery store, you don t expect Hemingway. Or even Russ Francis. But this 
Natalie Wood. I waited to read this book and was totally disgusted with it. It was more of a history about her mother who was no doubt certifiable . Ms 
A Major Disappointment for this Bryson fan. I loved A Walk in the Woods and In a Sunburned Country . They were funny and witty, and made me want to 
Not near as good as Zoom . If you have never seen any books by this author before then I would recommend purchasing Zoom . It s amazing which made 
Some good info among the political commercial. When Professor Polk describes the sweep of history in Iraq, he is at his best, but the book often descends into a political 
Don t bother. The recipes are poor and the inability to substitute is worse. Plus some of the ingredients are hard to come by. Better off with another cookbook, or 
Not a very okay book. Holly, you are the true jerk. This book is a PC sociology tome masquerading as a historical overview of Halloween. Alexander s okay, Holly; you 
This Book Made Me Fall Asleep!. After reading Why Do Men Have Nipples and loving it, I had high hopes for book number two.I really enjoyed all the chapters in 
Not worth the money. I have come to the conclusion that Ken Burnscannot make a documentary over 2 hours long.He is repetitious and ona soap box throughout this documentary. There 
Fake stuff - why not read the real. This is made-up fake stuff by a wanna-be. Why not read the real - try Marryat s Mr Midshipman Easy , etc. 
Argh... I don t particularily appreciate athlete autobiographies, especially those written by figure skaters and gymnasts. They lack depth, inside information, insight, and good writing.Sasha Cohen s autobiography is no 
Disappointing. The plot is good but there are about 200 pages too many. Why a full chapter to tell us what the protagonists are thinking about the attach case, when 
Didn t meet my expectations.... I d heard good things about this book. This was a quick read. I was irritated by the main character s low expectations in life. 
Only the worst of Eco. I have often joked that I would rather read Umberto Eco s shopping list than many of the so-called popular novels. In this book, Eco 
Self-Righteous and Bigoted. I ll make this short and to the point. This book exemplifies the worst aspect of the so called religious right. It shows that being judgemental is 
Small book, small value. It s cheap so you can t complain too much. But there is not much to the book either. A bigger book with more pages would 
By all the saints purple boils... ...mayhap I have picked the wrong Coulter novel with which to begin. Even still, I cannot say it has been totally without mirth. I 
A Little Too dramatic book. I ve bought this book because I love military aviation. Having read a lot of other books about the subject, after reading this I felt 
Basic Accounting for Churches. This is a very basic manual. Especially good for those with little or no accounting or financial background  
No new info here. Dr Ward divided different ages into separate chapters and gives developmental characteristics for each age. The end of each chapter gives suggestions for interaction with your 
Pointless revision of X-Men history. I tend to like just about anything that Brubaker writes. While I m not as excited about his Marvel work as most others are, I 
Bitter Disappointment. This is a horrible book. This author is not objective at all and does not have his facts straight. What is the matter with this guy  
Misses the Point. After using Dr.Dyer s aaah meditation CD for a month, I decided that I wanted to learn more this meditation. Therefore, I bought the book Manifest Your 
Mediocre, repetitive, irrelevamt. A Consumers Republic is one of those kinds of books that exists on the premise that it illuminates some previously unknown phenomenon. The book purports to be 
Unrealistic book. While I will concede that the book is an easy read, it does talk down to the child and the book constantly contradicts itself.One example from the book:Women 
Read Abba Eban!. As the first two reviews illustrated so well, THIS BOOK IS A FLOP AS HISTORY! The author lacks true knowledge of both history and the soul of 
Consider this!. To anyone who has or is planning on reading this book, consider this. This book has a lot of words which feel good and can make anyone s 
CD-ROM?. As a DBA who travels around the country constantly, my main reason for purchasing this book was the CD-ROM which claims to contain a copy of the book in 
David Hume s Treatise on Human Nature an Antedote. I ll not cover the topics others have speculated in great detail. And that s the point; Rand is an armchair 
Way overrated!!!. When I bought the book I did not know that they already made a movie out of it but I learned about it later on. So I was 
Unbiased Review. I dont take neither stance on Religion nor Science with these comments.I have read the book and I have to admit that it was marketed and was presented 
Lives of Extraordinary Women: Rulers, Rebels. &quot;Well-behaved women rarely make history,&quot; a quote by Laural Thatcher Ulrich, American Historian, are the first words of this book. That may very well 
Disappointing. I was thinking negative thoughts waiting for the book to advise me on positive thoughts.  
The outline to a useful book. Find the Bathrooms First is an outline to what could have been a very useful book. Unfortunately it is light on examples, runs out 
vaguely interesting first half, abysmal last half. I see all the people here like this book, but I don t get why. The first half is unpleasant though intriguing. Styron 
slow and tedious. This is the shortest book I failed to finish. I m sorry, but for a short novel, it was just got too wordy and touchy-feely for me. 
Lacking intellectual rigor, consistency, insight or coherence. Internal Combustion by Edwin Black is an entertaining but uneven history about the control of energy with a purported emphasis on the ascendancy 
DO NOT ENCOURAGE HER BY BUYING THIS BOOK. This just plain sucks. These people writing positive reviews must never have read good SCIENCE FICTION because this ain t it. This 
Techniques requirement. This book provided a method to gather requirement efficiently but the rest of the method should be revised  
very nice book. this book is detailed and very nice illustrated, wunderful book! a must have for everybody!  
 For the time will come when they will not endure sound.... doctrine; but wanting to have their ears tickled, they will accumulate for themselves teachers in accordance to their 
Accurate? Maybe, but not literature. When I started reading this book, I thought perhaps it was a cynical attempt to cash in on the success of recent books and movies 
Ten Steps To Overachieving In Business. Rick Pitino s book on how to overachieve in the business world is nothing that anybody with any common sense hasn t heard before. 
Slow, Boring. The first Jonathan Kellerman book I ve read... And my last. Too slow. I m a big fan of the murder mystery genre but this one is a 
Anna Pigeon is fast becoming a charicature. Take a step back from your revulsion a healthy human reaction, so I do hope you were revolted... to the detailed ritualistic torture 
One of the worst books I have ever read. I have been doing a lot of research into the Da Vinci Code, so I though I would pick up a 
Waffen-SS Encyclopedia. Not expect from this book an encyclopedia , is more an aproximation to the Waffen-SS world. If you don t look for a detail information it may help 
Too Much Talking. The author of this book just can t shut his mouth! He babbles on and on about all kinds of nonsense, because he doesn t know how 
How did this end up on my reading list for an advanced divinity degree?. I only read this book because it was on such a list - and in London. 
I love books and this one is just bad... Boring, outdated ex-patriate story of life in Paris between the wars, focusing on a young American actress, a psychologist Dr. Diver 
involving in a potboiler sort of way, but not surrealism . rikki ducornet shouldn t be mentioned in the same sentence as hp lovecraft or bruno schulz, and certainly not 
Charts, charts, charts...but what s up?. This book talks about statistical approach to horse racing by evaluating the frequency and return of each type of bets. However, the explanations of 
US already a 1 Party State : Republicratic. I tried following the reasoning what of this precious commodity there was here, but can only agree with Mr. Steven Tooley: Left-turners 
Not on par with Hurstons other works. One of the reviewers below stated that admirers of Hurston won t be disappointed by this book. I beg to differ: I ve 
The Shoddiness Continues..... Shoddy. Cheap. Glue-bound. Spine-cracking.Short ribbon marker. Junk. But, inside this inferior piece of work lies one of the finest English translations of the last fifty years. However!! 
UGH!. I m a big Nora fan, but I couldn t even finish this one. By the fourth chapter I began to skim. WAY WAY WAY to much detail for 
A custard pie of a book with a few rocks in it. As a biographer, Simon Louvish is a great novelist. I mean, how else would you draw a conclusion 
Only for suckers. Who would read all these reviews, and then actually buy this book? This book is an unfair attempt at pandering to the doddling whims of a major 
Left Dangling. Anil is plastic - if she has any sensitivity or cultural ties to her birth country, they are hidden. As someone born & raised in Sri Lanka, I 
Frankly, my dears, I didn t give a damn!. This was a horrid sequel; trite and uneven plot throughout.I cared nothing of the characters, nor their actions as I plodded 
no Jane Austen... I read the book based on reader recommendations that equated Belinda with Jane Austen s work. I had high expectations but struggled to read the book to 
Not typical style. I have heard many speak highly of the book, but I just don t get it. There is passion in his style and his delivery encouraging teachers 
Perplexing.. &quot;How Few Remain&quot; started this off, sort of, and was better than anything here. In this series, Turtledove does some things right, some wrong. But I confess I am 
Unfortunately boring. I m a very spiritual person and I was expecting this CD to provide daily inspiration and help me to remember the very few things that are important 
painfully contrived. I don t usually do fiction, but have picked up a few excellent reads in that category. This isn t one of the best. For those who prefer 
Audio CD review: His prose is annoying when spoken aloud. You get your money s worth here--there are a ton of CDs in this audio book. Unfortunately, I found Bryson 
Loosen your belts. It seems all they do in this book is cook and eat! This is the second only book I ve read by this authour. I could care 
Terrible. Terrible. Chose some random girl -why? Kids are more advanced at this age if they are interested. Nothing special. Like to see a book on a true young talent 
Could have been much more. I don t want to slam Mr. DeFord. He s obviously a very gifted writer and has made his career. But I was very disappointed 
A bit disapointed.. I was really looking forward to this book when I ordered it. It seemed like an interesting peice of litreture. However, I found the writing in it 
Misleading. The book has a nice bibliography and is useful for looking up sources for research. However, anyone reading this as an introduction to Minoan civilization will me mislead on 
Mostly Useless. The series started off so well, it s sad to see it end so badly. This book is just a collection of random events, there really isn t 
Not very interesting... Like the reader from Walnut Creek says, this book is essentially a weight training book, and frankly, not a very interesting, thorough, or original one. I was 
poetry in Riis How he oher half Lives. How the Other Half Lives was written over a century ago as an expose of the appalling living conditions in the tenements 
Ego Visible. I had high hopes when I picked up this book because Styron is a terrific writer and I was interested in the subject. By the time I was 
Great Big Book... Not Great Book. Democracy, for Sean Wilentz in The Rise of American Democracy, is solely a question of politics. This is, after all, an explicitly political history 
OH! MY! GOD!. The arguments, reasoning and logic used in this book are so horribly bad that it scares me that the men who wrote live in the same world 
Lacks depth. &quot;When Calls the Heart&quot; had absolutely no depth whatsoever. The character s were one dimensional and predictable. But, thankfully, there was hardly any religious preaching, which I was 
Holy Roman Empire, not explained. I recently read The Thirty Years War 1618-1648, hoping to gain some insight into the Holy Roman Empire by reading about one of its turning 
Not too bad, but waaaay too gross. This book is a decent story that reads fairly well, but the four most important words I can include in this review are 
One sided, nationalistic story - avoid if you care about history. Here s the news:less than half the forces on the allied side on D Day were from the U.S. 
I should have watched the movie. I had to read this book for school. I thought I would love it, but it turns out I was WRONG. This book was 
William Strunk rolls over in his grave. OK. I may not consistently turn out elegant prose myself, but there is a line. This book has crossed it. Opening the book 
Not So Guilty Pleasure. A Feminist Examination Of Mae West, November 24, 2006Pamela Robertson s Guilty Pleasures: Feminist Camp From Mae To Madonna, published in 1996 is a university press 
Don t waste your time!. Don t waste your time or money on this book. It was about as interesting as watching paint dry! Maybe Danielle Steel should take a 
This is what happens when someone reaches beyond their capacity. I think the Linda Howard who wrote White Lies, Sarah s Child, Duncan s Bride, MacKenzies Mountain, Diamond Bay,etc. is 
A Triumph of Hope over Evidence. I bought this book because the authors are very interesting and unusual people. Ray Kurzweil is one of few genuine geniuses of modern technology, 
Short. Too short and full of images I could find on Google Search.Nice quality book, however  
walter kaufmann is an ignorant, pompous blowhard. Nietzsche was destined to be cursed by the vapidity and foolishness of those closest to him: first his sister, and next his translator, 
Not Worth the Time or Money. In his book REDISCOVERING CHINA, Cheng Li quotes a sinologist who said, , If you visit China for two weeks, you want to write 
Disappointing. After Mark Cotta Vaz s adequate first volume, I was hoping for a follow-up from Ruditis that at least matched it and hopefully surpassed it. Sorry. Didn t happen.This 
Other reviewers must be family members - book is worthless. There are a lot of really bad books on portrait painting, and this is definitely one of them. If Amazon 
Very Disappointing. The plot is confussing and weakly held together by the detailed personal stories. I found little that was morally redeeming or outstanding in this book. Having grown-up in 
Too much guess work and very little science. Even though it was fun to read, I give it one star lest the brainwashed academics out their suffer further undue influence. 
Disappointment. I am a huge Burke fan. I have read them all, some a couple of times. BUT, this book was horrible. I started skimming the usual plush, rich, time 
An exceedingly poor, revisionist work of pseudohistory. Only a professor writing for a university press could get a book this poor published. Matthews views are on the most extreme fringes 
Not what I expected. When you see the words Adobe Master Class you might think you are going to learn something. The book is just a series of paintings the 
G is for Gumshoe. The second tape does not move backwards or forwards. I am very diappointed  
too simplistic. This is not the book to buy if you want tips on how to parent the gifted child. Galbraith wastes time catagorizing different types of giftedness and ends 
A big disappointment. Kevin Trudeau leads his readers into believing they will get the solutions they are looking for but when the time for presenting them comes, he sends his 
The most boring work of literature i have ever read. This book is terrible!!! I was forced to read this book for summer reading and definitley did not enjoy it, 
Worst book I bought on Amazon. I did not like this book at all. I speak clearly but I want to be more articulate and hold my audiences attention.The breathing 
Now I remember why I quit reading Mickey Spillane. This book came out when America was all aflutter with the Communist scare. China had gone Red. The Soviets had the 
Painfully boring. Last week, I happened to come across this book in the library. As I had recently bought Writing a Book that Makes a Difference and Writing Creative Nonfiction: 
Lacks depth. If you are looking for a feel good book about baby boomer retirement, this book may have some value for you. But if you are looking for specific 
Fanatic. I knew when I saw this woman ranting on a Christian television program the she was likely a fanatic. Now reading the book I m certain. We must always 
Warning. Do not buy this book unless you have a very high tolerance for new age gibberish. There is factual information here, but it is buried in gushy self-absorption. I 
not enjoyable. I used to think should never judge a book for the cover. But this time I was wrong.The book is plenty of average wedding photos. It s a 
I didn t get it. Man s Search for Meaning is my bible for life. I so anticipateddigging into Volume 2, couldn t imagine it could get anybetter, it didn 
Freak Babylon: You may already have it. If you already own Jack Hunter s book Inside Teradome then you won t need to buy Freak Babylon . The publishers simply 
Not very interesting. My book group chose this book by the interesting description here and review. The idea of a spinster leaving her family to become a witch intrigued us 
Amateurish and poorly researched. I ll put it simply: this is a poor history of the compass. For almost ten years, publishers have been throwing money at anyone who might 
Not Impressed. When I first read the synopsis of this book, I thought that it would be an interesting read. After the first 20 or so pages I was not 
DON T TRY TO ORDER THIS ITEM. This book is always advertised, yet NEVER in stock after you pay for it. I ve tried to order it from 4 different 
In a word - DRY. Not to put too fine a point on it but this book is DRY - almost like a text book. There is very little action 
A Good Beginers Guide But Incomplete. If you are new to Law of Attraction material you will find a lot of good info here. The content of the book is 
best feature -front cover. very disappointing publication-suggest you save your money and check it out of the library before making a decision-the front cover was deceptive in its allure to 
 Journey of Man falls short. Unlike other reviewers, I found this book to be muddled and the metaphors to be over-used to the point of uselessness. At one point, 
Anatomy flash cards. Very time consuming and rediculously organized. The only thing I liked about the product is the free anatomy poster. The cards are not well organized and hard 
John would have laughed. Lennon once made a comment to the effect that every two-bit hack associated with the Beatles would eventually get one book out of the deal, and 
Pathetic. I bought this book while rushing through an airport terminal needing something to read on the plane. Not one of my better decisions. Very wordy, and the dialogue is 
She just doesn t get it. I agree with so many of the other reviewers. Ellie Krieger just doesn t get it. There was not one useful tip in this 
Good Research Does Not Always Produce a Good Book. Watts book is a series of related essays about the social construction of 6 major diseases. He has poured years of 
Disappointing. This is an essential book. I rushed to it after finishing The Double Helix, by James Watson; I was incensed by Watson s misogyny and eager to learn the 
the world is flat. it is juust a copy of the frist book. if you read the frist the world is flat, then don t waste your time.jo  
A Valentine of Superlatives. I d purchased this biography to learn more about a fascinating woman who left an indelible mark on her profession, acting. But my disappointment was great; 
&quot;The Bone Detectives&quot; for the interested 11 year old. Okay, this book was so absolutely basic that I could have written it. I was extremely disappointed with how much I 
Cuban Food with humor. This is an excellent beginning introduction cook book for Maimi cuban food.The recipes are very easy to follow and the ingredients are clearly explained. The only 
On second thought, let me give that 2 stars... I wrote the first review of this book above, but after more consideration, I m downgrading it to 2 stars.This book 
You re Kidding!!. I read this book only because it was lent to me by an unfortunate person who was lumbered with it for Mothers Day. It was the only 
Where are the facts?. Books like this one need fact checkers. Had the writer had some, he would have found that there is hardly a fact in it. This is 
Time to Bury the Black Sox. Now White Sox is World Series Champions again, it s time to bury the eight men forever from our memories  
poetry in Riis How he oher half Lives. How the Other Half Lives was written over a century ago as an expose of the appalling living conditions in the tenements 
Stick with No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency. I adore his series with Precious in No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency and purchased The Sunday Philosophy Club in high hopes.I could not 
Crud. The usual anti tradition garbage. Little biography here more of a thesis of liberal pope=good pope traditional pope=evil pope. Bad biography, any real church historian knows John XXIII never 
Disappointed... I was thoroughly disappointed in this book. It seemed to have so much promise! The main character was completely unlikable- she made me NEVER want to get married! She 
Disappointment. What a disappointment! It sure looks like there s a good mystery in this book somewhere but digging through all the detail and ploding style is just too much. 
Could be a lot better. The reason I am giving one star to this book is because a lot of people have given 5 stars to it. Personally I would 
A Wonderful Novel Ruined by a Poor Translation. The Yangs translation of A Dream of Red Mansions is extremely accurate. That s about the best thing to be said about 
Vast - overrated - dull - affected and utterly boring. This book is a bore. Middle class English in the 60s. Everything that needs to be said has been said. 
Anybody can prattle on and on about how broken things are. [Sadly, many readers base their votes as tohow helpful a review is, on whether it agreeswith their own views. 
Very Dissapointed. While the pictures in &quot;The Jewel Box Garden&quot; are great and may provide the reader with some inspiration, the author s condescending and judgemental text is pedestrian and 
Growing Your Business is really Og Mandino light. Mark tries hard to offer something of value here, and, on some level, he succeeds. But if you want the real thing, 
&quot;A Candidate for worst book ever written&quot;. In only a thousand words??! How could anyone describe how bad this book is in a thousand words? The author starts out to 
The most overrated book ever written. This book is a perfect example of people in ivory towers, and those who are afraid to admit they don t get it, jumping 
Very dissapointing. I bought this book here on Amazon because of its cover and description but had I thumbed through its pages in a bookstore then I never would have 
The Old-Soldier of Art History Texts never dies unfortunately . . . . Gardners has long been regarded as the rather stuffy bible of art history texts, mainly because of 
Well written....poorly argued. Susan Juster s Disorderly Women is well written, but her arguments concerning the &quot;feminine&quot; nature of early Evangelicalism and its transition to a more masculine form in 
Psychobabble Garbage. These are the type of books and garbage that let an actual abuser get away with harrassing an ex-spouse and using a child as a pawn. Doesn t 
Not what I expected. This book was not really what I was looking for. I wanted to think about negotiation generally, and how I as a woman am approaching it, 
A Book to Make Its Readers Angry For the Wrong Reasons . I found The Whole Woman more antagonistic and needlessly controversial than enlightening. Greer makes it quite clear that 
I can t believe someone would read this!!. I found this book extremely boring and very hard to read. The conversations don t flow and the interaction between characters seems 
Not very readable. I have found it very challenging to get through this book. It is written in a very academic style and focuses considerably on previous research. I cannot 
Now irrelevant. Shaughnessy now has to find a different schtick; the Sox have won the World Series, and now we won t have to hear about made-up curses ever again. 
ASK A SILLY QUESTION ... Richard Rothstein is no more qualified to advise on education than the new governor of California who is a body-builder . The objective of education 
It s ok. I was a little disappointed. There were a few tidbits that I liked but other than that, nothing I didn t know. Kind of a preaching to 
Survivor in Death. the beginning of this book was excellent, but dont be fooled, the first few chapters are the only decent part of this book. the rest of the 
From Uruguay South America. I agree 100 with Mr. Steven Epstein s review February 7, 2000 , about Dr America: The Lives of Thomas A Dooley 1927-1961 by James Fishe 
