Imagine Honduran Women makes Clothes in a Sweatshop... ing clothes....think of the Butlerian strategy of it all!Are they undoing gender? Wow! And on pennies a day, too!Think of the androgynous 
Not a page turner. A friend recommended this book to me, so I picked it up. From the start, I had to force myself to keep going. I read the 
Lives not worth living. Other reviews give a good sense of the concretes of this book, so I ll just mention what struck me as the fundamentals: the characters and 
BORING!. This book is a great disappointment. I forced myself to continue on thru the first 300 pages and now I am getting rid of it. What of waste of 
Just a waste. Hi,I purchased this book, and found out I had wasted my money by my own fault, i will admit . There is nothing in this book that 
She Made It Even Harder To Get By. Ehrenreich is the kind of journalist I despise. One who thinks her insights are so important that it doesn t matter how 
Results Need Supporting Evidence. The Scientific Method applied to this book:1 Form a hypothesis: Great managers do something differently than mediocre managers.2 Conduct an experiment: Interview 80,000 managers.3 Analyze data: 
Silly. I found this book was written like a comedy but because it only made me laugh once it was just silly. Comedy is one of those itchy things that 
Poor history lesson. I had to use this book in an undergraduate course. It is extremely biased and the author on many instances goes way over the line into editorializing. 
Too much aimless wandering. I stopped reading after 150 pages. There are three interwoven tales. The first of a serial murderer who wanders around trying to evade a supernatural monster, 
Soapy. This is a soap opera that either wants to be literature, or was marketed as literature. It s a romance novel. Many people over a period of many years 
Disappointing. This reads more like a textbook for an interior design course. It has little to do with the psychology of your own choice of home setting. Like another reviewer 
Is Christianity really interested in an equitable economy? 2.5 s . Ethics - that is, right and wrong - are not ordinarily considerations for economists when analyzing current economic functioning 
Where in hell is my book?. I odered this book a LONG time ago from one of the used Book Dealers  
I wanted to like it. I wanted to like this book, I really did. I thought it had many good ideas for inspiring writing and getting the creative process flowing; 
This book is useless. This book certainly did not live up to the advertising copy I found on Amazon.com. I found this book to be very poor in terms of 
This book was sometimes interesting but. the plethora of percentages and numbers weigh it down. The views of the author were one sided and sometimes a little biased agaisnt the 
Suspends your disbelief. Caveat - I wasn t exactly expecting to finish PE a die-hard believer. That said, I was unprepared for how much of my skepticism stemmed from the 
Never got the book. I waited for 4 weeks and never got the book, i tried to contact the vendor 3 different times with no response. I purchased the book 
Sub Par Performance, Desperation Better. First off, Desperation and The Regulators is not the same story. Yes certain characters are used, some in name only but that s all apart 
Books do not quite cover it.... Why daughters need their moms, I don;t think this book quite get s it. It seems more atitle, just so the authors can make 
Still excellent, but old in the tooth, and preposterously overpriced. Well, I guess it s been a while since I ve been a college student. I m a crusty old 
Not good, not good. This book is not good. The author s style is good but the story goes nowhere.The characters in the book are really more parodies of people 
A Sight Better Left Unseen. This book chronicles a few years in the childhood of a young girl named Hattie whose mother is a severe manic depressive. Unlike other children, 
A Disappointment to Say the Least. As I sat here writting this review my rating dropped from a three star rating to a two star rating, and I now realize 
Do Not Read This Book. I couldn t find any good reading material, so I read Bloods instead. That was a big mistake. This was possibly the worst written piece 
Not so great... While there is some good information in this book, I found the author s style disjointed and a little odd, making much of the book difficult to 
A real disappointment. An admiring though shallow and poorly written account of a unique American genius. Though salted with several good anecdotes, Gordon s book mostly relies on the research 
Read the back carefully. In a rush I read the great reviews on the back of the book and thus decided to start reading this book but I soon realized 
Stunk. Although it had some good parts hence the 2 stars , it was very bad overall. Most of the book was garbage that consisted of applying theories of finance 
Not Fun Activities and it Falls Apart!. I bought this for my daughter thinking there would be actual activities. I was way wrong. There are 365 different things to look 
Read it in one night. This book is really for those who are in the beginning stages of thinking about getting into mystery shopping and covers the barest of basics. 
Good Start.. But tThe Rest Was Bad. I was very disappointed with this book. There were some good reviews but I found that the story could not deliver.It started off 
Left me feeling wanting......... Somehow, if I had spent the time reading the book a little before purchasing, I wouldn t have bought it. He talks extensively about competition rigs, 
Racist. I remember my teacher reading this book to me in the first grade. I thought it was the most racist book I had ever seen or heard & could 
Groomers beware. This is an ok book for new people, but it has several safty issues, and doesn t have the show cuts for many dogs, poodles. It also has 
Too broad and lacks depth. This is something for a new manager with little experience in not only systems administration but supervision. This book may give a clue to someone 
Dreadfully Boring. How can a best-selling author like Simon Winchester take an event as exciting as the San Francisco Earthquake of 1906 and turn it into a tedious snooze-fest? One 
BUYER BEWARE. I am a man with DID and I found this book insulting to those who truly suffer from its effects. The book was written with an attempt to 
Not only same old, same old ... but inaccurate. I have read all of the Kennedy biographies and there is very little new information in this biography. The first part 
OH GOD SAVE US FROM HIM!!!!!!!!!!!. NOT again!!! another get &quot;broke&quot; real fast from the guy who got sued out of dozens of states and lost how many millions then 
Hardly as original as Blood Music. And the micros are psychologically too much like people. But it does raise a number of interesting points, and it s a fun read. 
This Is Not Leather Bound !. Great book, but Amazon have made a serious mistake in the description. They say it is Leather Bound . It is most definitely NOT 
Yes, it did have some humorous remarks... Since I ve read and enjoyed an earlier book by these authors Why Men Don t Listen and Women Can t Read Maps 
A mermaid reference book for the easily pleased. Love research on folklore. And compilations of myth or legend.But this struck me as the ultra-lite version. This book is not outstanding 
Factual and typographical errors. After the third or fouth factual error I teach Ethernet technologies and the fifth or sixth typesetting error missing or partial paragraphs I finally tracked down 
 Pop psychology at its worse... ...Mr. Jensen and his wife have developed a veritable cottage industry replete with workshops, seminars, presentations, publications, certifications -- if you ve got the 
Truly awful book for discussing so many nobodies. The part about the plain soldiers of the revolutionary war being dealt with so much in detail is boring and tedious. Better 
Paint Shop Pro 8 Power ... Not. This book really needs a Glossary. The author assumes too much -- including that the reader has PSP 8 s Manual one does 
Fall, Fall, Charlotte. Susanna Rowson s &quot;Charlotte Temple&quot; is not the first novel and certainly not the last to deal with the topic of the morally fallen woman. Poor, pitiful 
What A Joke!!. What s wrong with all you Amamzon reviewers?I actually quite liked Shutter Island but this was total garbage. The morose tone is totally overdone throughout, and the 
Very disappointing. Not a spy thriller, but a novel about self-absorbed middle-aged men who happen to be former spies. Which is fine, except the book is sold as a thriller, 
I can t see a target audience. Lots of paper, but not much information. Many things are scrated on the surface, but not in a way you can really use 
Save your money. This book is too generic and full of platitudes, plus poor grammar and typos. The sloppy editing gets worse at the end of the book. For anyone 
Doesn t Compare. This book does not compare with 1 Atlas Shrugged, or 2 The Fountainhead. In my opinion, those are two of the finest books ever written. If you 
AWFUL. Despite coming up with possibly one of the greatest ideas of the 20th century, Byatt, in all her annoyingly feminist glory, has failed completely to construct anything which might 
Less than I had hoped for. I picked up, Sheldon Cashdan s The Witch Must Die: The Hidden Meaning of Fairy Tales because I had an idea for a fairy 
The Book of Pretentiousness. Nothing can prepare you for this work. No one in the history of literature has written with more pretentiousness and self-indulgence. How Pessoa can present himself 
Couldn t finish-. First of all, I must say I did not finish the book, despite its minimal size. I began reading this book because I am very interested in 
Bad Theory, Worse Practice. Dr. Moats theories have been excitedly received by politicians particularly those with very strong conservative views and slavishly followed by publishers. These interests claim her work 
Buy the 2nd Edition, this is a rip off. Buy the 2nd edition this is a 2 book rip off with no CD. The 2nd edition is the whole book 
Disappointing. I was in the mood for &quot;chick lit&quot; when I picked this book up, so was predisposed to enjoy it. But although it had amusing moments, I was fairly 
Not a Whole Lot on Homeowners Insurance. I bought the book thinking that I d be getting detailed information about homeowners insurance but the author merely glosses over the subject 
2 1 2 stars. Decent starting point for cooking-impaired college students if they don t mind eating eggs and potatoes often. A little more variation in the recipes would be 
title misleading. there was hardly any mention of Pixel the cat, it was alot of dialog, tried to resemble a fast paced action book, but I found myself skimming over 
Less than was led to believe by the other reviewers. I love art and SF fantasy illustration and I am an admirer of Lovecraft s writing skill and imagination. The 
Unbiblical and bad writing make for one star. This book is so flawed in every which way, it is hard to know where to begin. First of all, we are 
Disappointing. I had high hopes for this book as I thought it would address spirituality in a humanistic way. At first, I thought I agreed with the accepting of self 
Disappointed. OK - I went into this book hoping it would be a James Michener-type epic with sweeping characters and a grand sense of the rich field of Middle Eastern 
Another self-indulgent Heinlein novel. Heinlein loads this book up with hooks in the early pages to catch your attention. Unfortunately, these hooks turn out to be superfluous and lead nowhere. 
Reuters fired Author Joe Maguire for being a bias liar. Joe Maguire never takes on any of Ann s remarks and so called lies, he just babbles on endlessly about 
Bovine Scatology!. This appears to be an attempt to see how many lies per minute can be put in print. Both the text and author are a waste of your 
Zoolander on the Wagon. Interesting observations about rehab and kicking a bad drinking problem, so part of the book is worthwhile and inspiring. About half way through I had to 
A Tale of One City Would Have Been Plenty. Dont buy this book! Or buy it and tear it in two pieces because it is much to long. Wow I 
Typical paranoid nonsense. Typical left wing &quot;vast right wing conspiracy&quot; nonsense. Only the most paranoid Americans looking through the peepholes of triple locked doors would recognize the place this book 
not recommended - there are better novels of Marie-Antoinette. I often wonder how many more novels have yet to be written about Marie-Antoinette- how many times can the same old 
Hubbert s Peak. This book was on a very interseting topic. The author took time in studying this topic. It was about the impending world oil shortage. That is the 
Am I the only one...?. I read this book many years ago, and thought it was terrible. Looking through the reviews just now, I couldn t believe how overwhelmingly positive 
Some Style and No Substance. Alan Deutschman writes in quintessential GQ style...Apple, Pixar, Next and Jobs are given the cinematic attention - Brioni suits and designer clothing take precedence to 
Where s the poker?. If you are looking for a book to read about poker, pass on this one unless you are desperate for any poker read. Do so for 
mixed feelings. Well, straight out I will admit that I am only half-way through this book, but already, I feel really bogged down, and slightly confused.Ms. Myss seems to take 
Holism and Evolution with Sanford Holst s Editing. Holism and Evolution by Jan Christiaan Smuts, originally published in 1926, is one of the great and authentic visionary classics of the 
Ranges from distortion to outright falsehood. Shahak was a chemistry professor better known for his racist, anti-Jewish diatribes. His allegations range from the outright distorted to the flat out fictional. 
Not broke down well. I can t get into this book nor can I find what I m looking for because it s not broke down well. Make up Don 
Disappointing. In today s pace driven world, I was looking forward to a little respite in James Ogilvy s book. Unfortunetely, it didn t deliver for me. What suggests to 
There s only one reason to buy this book. The contempt the author has for writers and the contempt so many of the agents have for writers is the real 
End Capital Punishment then kill abolish all the lawyers, quoth Shakespeare and Zemeckis. ... Ladies and Gentlemen, you do not need an 80 book to tell you that Capital Punishment 
Prose to make you cringe. My favorite from this one had to be the fat guy s comment -- I d be a rich man if I had a dime 
no so good, don t buy this book!!. I am studying calculus currently in my ap class. I bought this book. And I found out there are many misprints and 
Worst ending ever!!. I m giving this book 2 stars because it did keep me entertained for a short while. Then, like many other reviewers, I began to get bored 
One sided, nationalistic story - avoid if you care about history. Here s the news:less than half the forces on the allied side on D Day were from the U.S. 
Horrible textbook. Reads like a dictionary, each page is nothing more than bullet points that alternate between definitions and corollaries. Proofs are typically very short: explained and illustrated in no 
Not Baxter s Finest Hour. Transcendent takes the fun of transcendental philosophy and merges it with the raw excitement of project management. It s not just boring - it s 
Ugh... While I only am a little over half way through this book, I m finding myself hating Will. He s pathetic and boring and not at all a character 
 94 Blackstone Audio is AWFUL. The 1994 Blackstone Audio Book version of Turn of the Screw is read by Pat Bottino. Mr. Bottino s uninspired presentation destroyed the story.Perhaps 
I thought it was a dream... I kept waiting for Stephanie to wake up and realize that it was all a dream, but she didn t. What shocked me even 
high brow advice. Clearly John Gardner is a literary genius, however not being one myself I found that his style was a little overbearing, it does not offer the inspired 
I was also disappointed. I have used LP guides to travel all over the world and this was a major disappointment. I won t dispute that Randall S. Peffer has 
Not What It Appears. If you read the outside cover of the CD Audiobook, you get the impression that the volume strongly will deal with the manner in which FDR 
Not impressed. Eileen Barker seems to spend most of this book apologising for the cult s behavior and practices and every turn rather than telling parents what they can do 
broad, but not deep. I used this book when I took the RF Circuit Design class at Cornell. The experience with this book was devastating. It did not give me 
Culture Shock:Italy. I purchased this book to learn more about doing business in Italy, and I found there was not enough detail. I did learn how vastly different each region 
Cynosure Scallions on the Mountain Look Downwards Upon? the Zebus & Sevens. Really tried to like this book. Premise was grand; story bobbed and weaved; conclusion was flimsy. Discursive scientific 
Don t be misled. The Title of this book is C All-in-One Desk Reference For Dummies .However after reading this book it is quite obviously aimed at users of Microsoft 
Hey! Why don t we go to a teacher when we re sick, too. This guy needs to stop flattering himself. He isn t controversial or innovative. He is merely 
I know it s a classic, but... I know this play is suppose to be a classic and a master of it s genre. But if this is the best 
PS. Heck, why SHD I be sorry for you, Dan - you re sitting on a gold mine  
 How Far Out There Can We Make This? . I think that that is exactly what Neiderman had running through his mind when he wrote this series and book.I 
Count me in the minority. Unlike most reviewers here, I really disliked this book. The main reason is that the entire novel is a gimmick without any real substance. There 
A Disappointment - Well Below Expectations. Perhaps my expectations were too high? Martha produces a beautiful magazine and her new Best of Weddings book is superb so I thought that 
I m usually a Heinlein fan, but.... I love Heinlein. I think that he has a unique voice and perspective in the world of science fiction. I find that his 
A Testament to the Author s Ego and Pettiness. As Michael Rubin said, Losing Iraq illustrates what went wrong with planning for post-liberation Iraq although not for the reasons its 
First review. I often read reviews of books that I am considering for purchase. I read A Brother s Journey and found it to be a better read, that kept 
Totally unrealistic. I have read Open House and enjoyed it but this was very disappointing. Not only did I not identify with Betta - I actually disliked her, and like 
The Japanese Mind: As a Westerner Interpetes It . I read this book because my husband is a professor of intercultural communication and management. I am from the city where 
Not so great ... This book was far to autobigraphical and the author s attempts to generalize her experience felt shallow. I lost my only brother to suicide not long 
Disappointing. I read a lot of thrillers, and this debut by Casey Moreton disappointed me. As a previous reviewer pointed out, there is very little in this plot that is 
Inconvenient and incomplete. If you seriously collect or sell Hull pottery, skip this book. Only the most expensive pieces have color pictures and valuations, but even for many of these 
This book is very disappointing. I was so excited to get this book! I thought: at last, new adventures with my favorite characters! What a disappointment. Not only is the 
Dull, dull, dull. In this book James Hansen manages the impossible by making the journey of the first men to the moon unbelievably dull! Part of the problem lies with 
A Waste of Time and Money. This book is a waste of time and money. It presents nothing that two other more significant works do not already present in more 
Save your time. I bought this book because all the positive reviews convinced me that it might be worth reading. My hunch wasted more than a few hours of my 
Not the best book on WPF. This book was obviously rushed to market. While Charles excellent writing style almost makes up for the lack of illustrations, organization and layout, it 
Am I missing something?. Perhaps I just bought the wrong book for what I wanted to do, or maybe I just don t get it, but in either case, this 
The Afghan. Sorry, have saved for my trip to the Far East starting next week  
Only for diehard Wilkie Collins fans. This book is definitely not another Woman in White or The Moonstone, both wonderfully well-written mysteries. For those who absolutely have to read every 
Dull and Plotless. While comedian Al Franken is normally quite humorous, this novel was a bit dull. There s very little plot and after awhile every page seems like the 
Influential but flawed. This book has many biases and flaws. Other reviewers have already gone into detail on these points, so I won t belabor them. I gave this book 
A true disappointment. This book is very disappointing. Poorly written and with weak descriptions leaves the inexperienced outdoorsmen with a false sense of security. Just because there happens to be 
History as teen soap opera. Why do we think that girls won t learn history unless it is spoon-fed to them in People Magazine form? This book proceeds on the 
Disappointed. I had hoped for much more from my first Cherry Adair book - the recommendations had been so good. But the writing is simplistic, the characters lack dimension, the 
Too skimpy to be useful. This is effectively a foldout brochure laminated with only a few animals birds, and very little information. You can get almost as much information from 
This book listed for 6.99 is not Hardcover as noted. It is listed incorrectly as a hardcover when it s not. The book itself is wonderful  
Couldn t wait to finish. Though I m a great fan of Gleick s other books, I found Faster annoying in the extreme. True, it is replete with fascinating facts 
The Definition of Trash. Trash sells and this is the definition of trash. Unfortunately many readers see this as history instead of fiction. Shaara who may have had a ghost 
Unnecessary harsh corrections. I was intrigued by the title of this book, since I come into contact with all sorts of dogs regularly and am often asked advice about issues 
Hollow and Offputting. When the character who is narrating a lengthy novel is as unbelievable and artificial as Hannah Musgrave is in The Darling , the book is not worthy 
Collective Disappointment. This book was chosen by my office reading group. It was generally felt to be a disappointment. I for one really liked the writing style and prose but 
Weak Modernist Take on Noire Novella. Mr. Auster s Trilogy is strong in stylistic innovation but sadly lacking in imagination. His themes, plots and characters reveal a writer with a 
Sick Book. We were forced to read this book in philosophy class some yearsback and everyone was appauled by her hatred of men andinability of see the beauty and wonder 
A Fine Line Between Being Dead and Being Boring... The author slips over this line once too often to rate the book above 2 stars - and that s in 
Disappointing. While the characters of this story are engaging, there s no follow through. You don t really get an idea of what happens to people at the end. You 
Another Awful Book. Let me start by saying that I would have given this book zero stars if I could. The reviews I ve read are all true. This book 
Who cares?. A good story with strong characters lures the reader s imagination, inspires excitement and anticipation of what happens next. This is not one of those stories. It s 
Disappointing... I was looking for a book of Nielsen s outstanding and unique art work...well this isn t really it. If you are looking for the same you will be 
An entire chapter missing?. This book is very good until just before the end. There are too many things left unanswered at the end.For example - 1 What was the 
dull, occasionally even silly, poorly edited. What a disappointment. I was looking forward to Anne Perry s new series, hoping for another set of lively characters and satisfying stories, driven 
Disappointed. Along with other books, I purchased this one to share with my 5 and 7 year olds. I was disappointed as many of the reviews commented on the appeal 
You won t need this one!!!. I just finished passing my A exams today, and I must say that this book was definately not much help. Overall, as a review, 
Tasteless and Bland. I was excited as I flipped through the pages of this cookbook -- many of the recipes sounded tantalizing, and all the color photos displayed tasty looking 
disappointing and... I bought this book since it had the Betty Crocker name attached to Indian cooking. However the book is a huge disappointment, to say the least. It is 
Lots of spirit, though not much of the metaphysical variety... Although this book didn t really live up to expectations, I will at least say it provided an entertaining read. 
Haven t read the book--just the reviews. One year it s: Eat every 3 hours. The next year it s: Eat every 5 to 6 hours. I WILL try taking 
For those who like this kind of book... If you think you d find a lot of unrelated platitudes interesting, then you ll enjoy this book.  
not my style. too rigid and too religous for my taste. some good ideas if you can get past the pitfalls though  
When does it kick in?. If a story doesn t hook by the middle of Chapter 3, there are other books to open, books that kick in by PAGE 3, 
Horrible book. Did Heinlein really write this?. This book was a rather sordid and ugly look at genders and relationships. Heinlein is so different here than in his good books 
Unconfortable to read E-book. Is the first time I tried to read an E-book and the experience was very unconfortable. Unconfortable to read, impossible to record as a file, only 
Does this man have an agenda?. You bet he does! If you want to read a book by a notorious homophobic, right wing, friend of Dr. Laura then go right 
just so-so. Of the 7 or so Grisham novels Ive read this one is my least favorite.It s not a bad story at all but it s just way too 
Misleading. Totally disappointed with this book. Basically a list of website addresses that offer tips and information but not free stuff. This information could have been easily found searhing on 
A Book of Cliches and Fluff. If you are interested in the entrepreneurial world, you might find this book an entertaining read. However, if you are an entrepreneur or want 
There are no specification about the shrinky dinks papers... I was so disappointed, when I receive the book... I was hoping it has all the stuff together.. I mean the 
Disapointed. I read the first several chapters of this book and found the author didn t have a grasp of the Calvin s basic theological teachings which plainly contradicted some 
not so good. Much is made of dyson s intellectual prowess; this just goes to show you that all things are relative. There are organisms shuffling down the street to 
fairly useless book. The maps were available to look at, but most of the events or special items that were denoted were impossible to discern from the text. As far 
A plush book, in every sense of the word. What you get for your money: a pastel-colored book with a soft plush cover, some watercolor sketches with text on top 
Disappointing. I love Mollie Katzen s earliest cookbooks - Moosewood and Enchanted Broccoli Forest. Dishes I make from those are relatively easy and very tasty. I have tried a lot 
Do Not Use For Self Study. This book is not meant for self study. This book is too theoretical, and it does not give enough basic examples. It is too 
So many pages for so little to read. I am a strong admirer of Alan Dershowitz. I especially enjoyed his books The Genesis of Justice, and Reasonable Doubts O.J. Simpson 
A Waste of Time... Read the first few chapters and the last few pages. As usual, the remaining 300 pages were just repetition. Danielle Steele should come up with a 
Not even close to others in series. For those of you reading the entire series of In Death books this is a real disappointment. I m wondering if someone else 
Blechhh!. Just browsed the opening chapter online in the New Criterion. The words pompous, sententious and bombastic don t even begin to do justice to Kimball s overlabored prose. You 
Scatter brain ranting at it finest. I honestly admit I did not finish this book. The topics jump from one to the next with no focus. The author reminded me 
Beware of this substandard effort. If you re a Ludlum fan, like I am, you will be acutely disappointed in this bomb. After the likes of The Sigma Protocol and 
Some very informative text, ruined by useless formulas. Biggest waste of 35 I ve ever seen ! This was a required text in school , and approximatly 25 of the 
Simplistic and selective. I was a bit surprised that this book essay received such high marks from so many reviews. For all its purported brevity, it is remarkably repetitive and 
Oh, the Things He Doesn t Need to Share!. This is not Al s best work. It s more rambling than usual and not so pithy. I got it for 
silly nostalsgic nonsense. Having spent most of my adult life working in the non-profit conservation field, and as a parent, and as someone who had the good fortune to spend 
Good...but not worth the effort. I felt like this book never took off like most Grisham novels do. It was predictable throughout the novel, and the ending was so abrupt- 
Beverly Hills Sleeper. Definetly not one of Stu s best. I think he needs to stick to the Stone Barrington character, or make Rick Barron s adventures a little more 
A real disappointment..... As a Human Resource professional I was looking for a book that I could use that would help new and emerging managers and executives with their transitions 
Deserves Negative Stars. Jon Katz is an idiot. Anyone who sells him a dog better be prepared for him to kill the dog rather than deal with any issues. Although 
Huntington, Samuel: B-. Had this been a paper written by a graduate student in Political Science, it would have gotten something like a B-. Much like other reviewers have said, 
One Case Where the Film was Probably Better. This is a product of the lazy, latter-day Leonard who knows he s a great writer who can just sit back and 
sort of cheating. This book is exactly the same as Handbook of Technical Writing by same authors. The only difference is in the cover picture and colors. I think it 
Disappointment!. The only reason I made it through this book is because it was our book club choice for the month. Otherwise, I would have quit after the first chapter. 
What Really Works. I find books like this help you with opening remarks, like simple one-liner ice breakers. OK, so they feed you some lines and then what are you 
Unpatriotic. Hodge s &quot;Redefining European Security&quot; does not even dwell upon the fundamentals of defense and military strategies. Its a hodgepodge of basic definitions cut and pasted from some of 
Almost everything Dan Brown taught us about Christ is false!. Books have been written, and will continue to be written, to try and disprove Christianity and Jesus as the Son 
Please Baby Please Don t Make Me Read This Book Again. The sound of fingernails scraping against a blackboard doesn t bother me. However, the thought of having to read 
lazy and lame book. i ordered this, based largely on the concept, which seemed like a book on gay history that was much needed to fill in the gaps. instead, 
Great Plot, Poor Delivery. It s summer, and my reading matter always lightens up significantly! I spotted this book at the library and figured, why not! I know, I said 
Overview but too many small errors. I looked for an introduction to the basics of Office automation and bought this book. Every example code I tried was incorrect and the 
Mega flaw in Mega Best Seller. There is a huge flaw in this book. Below is a quote: When you make any choice...ask yourself two things: First of all, what 
Watch Your Mouth. The author of this book tries too hard to be clever here. If you want a better book that s smart and provocative, go read Lolita  
Trish. I gave this book one star because there are no negative numbers available. The other reviews here are all true! This is a horrible textbook that jumps from subject 
Hogwash. I saw the author this morning on Good Morning America and I couldn t disagree with him more. He said that cardio workout s did not burn alot of 
prepared for what?. this extremely alarmist manual does not offer practical suggestions, but a ritualistic rule of worry that will instill doomsday panic in anyone who tries to follow it. 
AWFUL!. Wow, where can I start? This book was truly dreadful in pretty much every imaginable manner. Not only was the plot completely absurd and filled with glaring inconsistencies, as 
Poor Quality........High Price!!. I am sure the movie will be great, but this companion screenplay is quite lackluster. With such beautiful imagery you would think the book would be bursting 
Childish. This is the third in an expanding series set in a cod-Celtic world focussed on the &quot;kingdom&quot; of Deverry. I was impressed enough by the first to buy the 
Good writing, good idea. The writing is good from a technical standpoint I don t have to jump literary hurdles to get through a paragraph because the words flow very 
for children under 12. this book seems to target children under 12 years of age. It has very few pointers for adolescents. this book tends to be aimed at the 
Poorly written copycat novel. This book is a feeble attempt to reproduce a Tom Clancyesque type novel. Unfortunately, this author has little writing ability and didn t even come close. 
Flopping like New Coke. While I agree in principle that a citation book should be readable and easy to use, I find ALWD to be decidedly useless in the real 
Christian fundamentalism dramatized. Even the avid trekie reader of the Star Trek science fiction novels, movies and television series must suspend disbelief, when he finds Captain Kirk saying Beam me 
Very disappointed. My bookclub picked this out based on the exciting description. It was very diappointing. The main characters, Colin and Mary, are one dimensional and seem to have very 
Record purchase entry of this book as a bad debt. You know, it s too bad these reviews can t be weighted because there s a class of about 40 
outdated - thy name is the Crying of Lot 49. So, being a fan of all forms of literature, more specifically challenging[faulkner], pretentious[d.h. lawrence] and original[kafka] works, I was surprised 
How did Suskind get authorship credit on this book?. If you are looking for a fresh look at some of Broadway s bomb, do not stop here.Suskind wrote very little 
It didn t work for me either. I too read this book cover to cover with high hopes for success. I took notes and paid extra attention on how to 
Peter s Singing Out of Tune. This is the third book by Peter Singer which I have read and therefore I knew what to expect - arguments propped up with 
Bad Book?. This was the worst book I have ever read. It was so boring. I have never spent so much money on such a stupid book!! I can t 
Do not recommend. This book is full of typos; what happened to proofreading...is that a lost art job?This book is also a good example of what Andy Rooney spoke of; 
Grappling for a Christian niche in philosophy. Grenz initially usurps postmodernity as a tool to echo the death of modernism. It seems his primary purpose in this task is the 
Bio-tech Neo-Lidite??. O.K. I didn t buy the book, but I searched for reference to immortality , which, as I suspected would give a very concise philisophical snapshot of the 
The Definition of Trash. Trash sells and this is the definition of trash. Unfortunately many readers see this as history instead of fiction. Shaara who may have had a ghost 
One of Galbraith s shorter and more polemical works. Canadian-born John Kenneth Galbraith is probably one of the most influential economists in the West over the last 60 years. As 
C.R.A.P. This book and Hogg s parenting philosophies if anything induces stress and guilt in new moms. Some of it isn t even really logical. Five archetypes of babies? Take 
It should be called Cower in Shame. Ms Howard is usually a dependable author but she really let her readers down with this one. It s OK to expect a 
Who s the real &quot;Mr. Boring&quot;?. I have read this book through and through, and I have read the brief review pannning the book and the response by the author, 
Replica of her Amanda Quick s Scandal. If you ve read her Amanda Quick novels, this contemporary story is almost the exact replica of the novel, Scandal .Heroine proposes to 
Um, the 50 s are over... Robert Putnam s book bemoans the declne in civic participation among Americans since its heyday in the 50 s and 60 s. Although few 
an austrian primer. This book s title is deceptive in that it suggests the author is going to examine the place of capitalism within formal Catholic social thought. Sadly, Dr. 
TV-sitcom-gone-book. Native Tongueby Carl HiaasenThis book is fast paced, has a lot of energy, and a zany weirdness. No doubt, it is a page-turner. And it is better than the 
A show book?. I have to admit the title and discription of this book was very alluring but it was merely a mask. I have had the book for two 
ties that stress. is it really that insightful?. although elkind does give some insights into the new post modern family, he merely points out and reiterates the obvious. elkind makes 
A self-contradicting and and completely inaccurate book. This book is filled with incorrect misleading information on ways to manipulate the human voice to achieve sounds ie. belting that are scientifically 
Painful!. There is nothing practical about this book. It is a looooong, purely theoretical torture with only a few examples that don t work too well in the real world. 
Hate Book. I was once a christian, no more, I grew up. This book, for what I picked up from the reviews is a hate book, and nothing more. It 
Scattered, superficial treatment. The book is trying to do too much but end up delivering little. There is also not enough code to illustrate the concepts. I would recommend Matt 
Mid-fi with little explanation. This is an extension of Slone s earlier book and it is a little better, but not a lot. He reiterates everything he said earlier-ranging from 
Disappointing. I picked up this book hoping it would live up to its title, but what I found was that it was rather boring and lacking in character development. The 
Spanish madness. Perhaps there is a novel somewhere in the midst of this story of a Seville policeman attempting to solve a series of gruesome murders only to find himself 
Text offers little if any scientific merit... The book was an interesting enough read to keep in my library, but I would not consider it a legitimate argument for the 
Disappointing!. I wasn t too into this one. I m a big fan of Steinbeck s fiction, but this memoir is rather dull. I was looking to hear what he 
I hate this book. This is the worst textbook I have ever bought for any class! It is a huge waste of money and super frustrating to read. This book 
What a mistake... Before I bought this book I read all the reviews, some were bad, some were good... I decided to listen to the good ones... What a mistake 
Unrealistic, repetitive, couldn t finish. This book was interesting at first. It shatters what most of us think the typical millionaire looks and acts like, but that only takes a 
Known as America s Poet, Whitman is not poetic. Walt Whitman s life s work is his Leaves of Grass , enlarged over the years with additional poems. Regarded as 
The word-to-content ratio is dismal. I was hired as a cable subcontractor last summer, under the assumption that the contract owner was going to make me his company manager and 
turned me off to doulas. This book turned me off to the whole idea of a doula. For financial reasons, I was unable to hire a doula but had heard 
Paperback edition blues. Time for a new editor. There are so many publishing errors in the first paperback edition 2004 of Leon Kass s book that it is almost unreadable. 
Please..., Let it go. Absolutely pathetic. I held out hope right up through the last four pages, thinking somehow there would be something there at the end to make up 
One side of the story. This book was published 2001 by Brookings as part of a pair; the other being Unseen WealthLev s book comprised his view, whereas Unseen Wealth 
Nothing inspiring nor new here... Dertouzos churns out the usual information wil change the future vision that dominates books of this nature. Unfortunately, nothing here is really new, nor does 
Not so much... This is the first in the Shopaholic series. Rebecca Bloomwood has a very serious problem. She can t stop shopping. She has crazy money issues, and literally 
sent wrong book. they did not specify that it was the study guide instead of the actual book I needed.  
Blah, Blah, Blah. This memoir was painful. Painful in a oh my God, could it get any worse? .Boring, mundane, cold, flatlined. It feels as though the author is emotionless 
How to coach Tee Ball with out going INSANE. This book is a good book for older kids playing Tee ball. I am coaching a YMCA league comprised of 3 
Not my favorite from Koontz.. I love Koontz but this book fell far from the mark. It started off slow and I found myself thinking, Where is this going? And, 
Nearly worthless. I bought this book because of the excellent reviews it got. However upon reading this I can t see any justification for these reviews. First of all it 
Worst sticker book. Don t buy this book. You need to be a surgeon to be able to remove the stickers from the sticker pages. You then have to search 
Outdated edition. The seller needs to list the edition he she is selling This is a very out dated edition that was sold to me. The seller did not sent 
ONLY FOR D-STUDENTS!!!!!. I will tell you why I did not read this book. The back cover shows it is unnecessary by telling you every single tip you will get 
Really a religious book. I m giving this book 2 stars because of it s engaging writing style, and because Mr. Brady does a good job of identifying and describing 
this is perhaps the weakest book that iles ever written. this one simply is too mediocre not even qualified being good. i ve read all iles complicated yet fasinating novels, 
A Morality Play?. Overall I felt that this book could have been, and should have been, much better. The ever-increasing level of credit-card debt is a real problem, as are 
The Scavengers Guide to Haute Cuisine. Steven Rinella, big game hunter of sparrows and squirrels, doesn t know the first thing about the value of wildlife to human well being. 
Don t!. Possibly the worst book I have ever read. The style could be bested by a not-too-bright fifth grader. The plot is an imbecilic rehash of the Divinci Code. 
Terrible... I guess this is an okay guide if you just want to get the game over with, but why would you waste your time doing that? This guide misses 
There s a sucker born every minute. This book is an excellent example of how creationists approach science: write a book with a lot of bafflegab that sounds scientific but 
Description is misleading. The Amazon description says Vol. 1-3, boxed set, hardcover. That is all true. What they don t tell you is that there are actually six volumes. The 
Horrible Book. The only great thing about this book is its small size and thats about it. The text doesn t do a very good job of explaining the ideas 
If you have a choice choose a different book. I bought and used this book for a probability class and for preparation for the Society of Actuaries SOA exam course 
Baking Recipes Are a Disaster. Have the people who ve written such rave reviews of this book actually attempted any of the baking recipes? My second attempt was as bad 
Groaners every page. This book was difficult to get through. The writing felt very, well, written. Imagine an FBI agent talking for fifteen minutes while apprehending a bad guy. Imagine 
Hawkes Harbor. A terrible book, what happened? Something about an orphan boy meeting vampires and zombies. What s that supposed to mean? The second half of the book is terrible. 
Terrible Mis-Representation of the Baha i Faith. This book has several mentions of the Baha i Faith in it, referring to the Faith as &quot;an offshoot of Islam&quot;, and in 
a tease. A book which is not bad as a quickie read on the basics of Camille, but it comes up quite short as an authoritative source on the storm. 
Needs To Be Updated. Published in 2000, Videohound s DVD Guide is already outdated. Why? Because so many DVD titles -- both old and new-- are being released on a 
For die-hard Conrad fans only. And I thought I WAS a die-hard Conrad fan! He s one of those writers by whom I must read a book every two or 
Snotty and obnoxious. Bryson is certainly witty. But any pleasure in the book was ruined by the author s snotty and obnoxious tone. I can not understand why the author 
Disappointed. This book looked promising when I picked it up, but after struggling through the instructions I now regret buying it. I bought the book to learn right angle weave...but 
Not what it appears to be. The play Into the Woods not only contains sinister elements, but has an overall dark message to convey. It preaches moral relativism as blatantly 
Huge Disappointment. It s hard to explain exactly how horrible I think the female heroine was written in this book. I can not believe any female would ever act as 
Intially engaging, but prys itself from your attention... My initital impressions of American Gods were nearly uniformly positive. Although I had not read any reviews previous, I was aware of 
BOOK IS OUTDATED AND INACCURATE. Evangelists like Lee Strobel and Hank Haandegriff often quote Simon Greenleaf in support of their belief the Gospels are accurate and historically reliable. What they 
The Golden Rule works, This Book Falls Short. The application of the Golden Rule to our everyday lives is something that we can all agree is good. John Maxwell does 
Snotty and obnoxious. Bryson is certainly witty. But any pleasure in the book was ruined by the author s snotty and obnoxious tone. I can not understand why the author 
Not what I was looking for at all. I admit it, the 12 steps to Raw foods should have given away that this book is just a rehash of 12 
Too dense!!. As a student reading this book for a class focusing on the French Revolution I found it too dense for someone who has no previous knowledge of the 
sloppy. I think better information can be gained by reading wikipedia than can be gained from reading this book. As a metalhead, I have the feeling that Moynihan is an 
I do not respect this author. These guys are douches. The author insinuates a lot of nasty stuff about peope I m close to which was utter malarkey considering that 
Historically significant..but that s about it. I gave this book 2 stars because it is historically significant to understand the thinking of the gender feminists of the 1960s.I also found 
A Waste. This book will not benefit anyone. It is repetitive and lacking the necessary detail to truly plan and install a radiant floor heating system. It s unfortunate that 
Not so hot. Page 13. of the book, when I conceived this book I had a brilliant premise: I would take every excersive in the gym and look at it 
Slaughterhouse is Shallow and Not Very Useful. If you know much about the Eastern Front, DO NOT GET THIS BOOK! Although its advertising makes it sound like it is a 
Avoid this prudish edition resurrected from 1932. Despite translating thousands of worthless Latin quotations, the editor of this edition leaves large passages from the section on Love Melancholy, which Burton 
souls of black folk. was worthless...was not the correct match for my class book requirement. Never used it...if someone wants it you can have it for free  
Lost 10. I was waiting for something to happen in this book but nothing did. There is no plot, the characters described very poorly and the writing is definitely unimpressive 
The Real ACT Prep Guide: Bad Buy, Not what you are expecting. I bought this book expecting to have some practice questions and some tutorials on the subject matter that 
The Cover Tells the Whole Story!!. I m surprised no other reviewer noticed! Why did Penquin place Ronald Colman and Douglas Fairbanks Jr. prominently on the cover? In this reviewer 
Into the deep, drowned in the cases. This student textbook assumes a basic of management accounting. Well, I was known with the terms, and understood their examples, but completely lost 
a lukewarm thriller with a pathetic marriage. the on-the-rock marriage scenes are pathetic, making this already lukewarm and loose thriller become even worse. from the very beginning, this female washington 
Awful. I bought this book purely on the strength of its being written by Jeffrey Deaver. However, less than 3 pages into this terrible novel it becomes very hard to 
Fails to get the message across. As other reviewers have mentioned, because of the made-up disease which causes her to gain weight, and failure of the character to really learn 
NOT for beginners. I got a used copy of David Weller s book: Beginning .Net Game Programming in C# from Amazon.First of all, using the word Beginning in the title 
I made it to chapter 3. I bought this book immediately after reading Enquiry, which I liked very much. Unfortunately, I was disappointed with this one. I made it to 
In a word - DRY. Not to put too fine a point on it but this book is DRY - almost like a text book. There is very little action 
Am I having a bad hair day or is this novel boring?. What s wrong with me? I love Eudora Welty s short stories. But this novel was exasperating. The 
Buy Buhllmans Book. Okay, this is the first book on the subject I bought... I found the instructions long and questionable. I think if you want a good book, buy 
Not the best for confronting cultists. If you are looking for Short and Snappy Answers to Defeat the Cultist on your Doorstep , this is not the book you want.While 
Not as good as &quot;The Collector&quot; and &quot;The Magus&quot; .. John Fowles is a talented writer, and I think that if you end up buying this book, you will not 
Perverted. I think that Wayne did a humiliating job with this book. He mostly focused on the [...] things that Warhol did in his lifetime. You know what i think, 
Not well researched and partisan. This may be the worst book I ve ever finished. I was expecting a book that would offer small tidbits of funny information, some shots, 
Hopefully This Series Will Improve!. Unlike Cussler s other series, I found this first story of the Oregon Files slow going at first and rather confusing. There are just too 
other methods. Meanwhile a lot of other people written very good books in a very different stile:Suzanne Clothier Bones would rain from the Sky Patricia McConnell The other end of 
You re Kidding!!. I read this book only because it was lent to me by an unfortunate person who was lumbered with it for Mothers Day. It was the only 
Boooorrrrrriiiiinnnnnggggggg. Inticing beginning, but quickly drops off into the most DULL details of useless information. Even the ending was dull and in my opinion, and unfinished  
Unreadable scholarly techno-babble. This book takes a fascinating subject---the lives of Gypsies in the USA---and reduces it to anthropological formulae and scholarly babble. It might be impressive to other anthropologists, 
So What?. I barely got through this book and I love this genre. Two things kept annoying me in this book: 1 it was poorly edited and 2 poorly written.For 
PPD is serious. This book isn t. This book is written entirely in bullet points and one-page chapters consisting of more white space than text. If it were subtitled Positive 
A total disappointment and very depressing. I ve always been a huge fan of Nicholas Sparks, and I couldn t wait to read Dear John. Well, there was no reason 
Am I missing something here?????. Excuse me, but I see no literacy, historic wonder here, what I read of this piece of trash is: this is a piece of obscene 
Christians !! Be Afraid..... Be very Afraid. I gave this book 1 star because I was so offended as a ChristianI have to admit I am an Evangelical Christian who 
The unorthodox bible to building fat. Apparently the authors don t know the strength of the word bible. If this book is a bible, then I hope that I ll 
Keegan strays from his usual standards of excellence in attempting to tackle intelligence in war. Intelligence in Warfare is a simplistic, arguably inaccurate, and often times pompous attempt by noted 
A More Timid ... It s not our fault . And I suggest anyone reading this take it with a grain of salt.The opening disclaimer of what is and is 
An excellent book but problems with the edition I purchased. I ve read excerpts from this book before, specifically the excellent Judith Butler essay. However the edition of the book 
not that useful. I have read many adoption books, and found this one to be the least informative. Many other better books available for less money  
Not Mieville s best work. I m a big fan of both Perdido Street Station and The Scar, compared to these earlier works Iron Council was a huge disappointment in 
Simple. This book is painfully simple covering only common sense issues. This book is will be redundant for anyone who has studied the martial artts for more than a month 
Really not much here. Sue Grafton has written many good books but this one is weak, weak, weak. Try A is for Alibi or J is for Judgement . They 
A nice companion to McQuarrie s text. I thought this was a terriable book by itself, but makes for a nice companion when reading through McQuarrie s book. McQuarrie skimps 
Don t bother to wake me up. I have enjoyed several books by Anna Quindlen and looked forward to her latest offering. I settled down for an evening of reading 
One of the worst books I ve ever read. good grief! The book is basically a crash course on new age thinking disguised as fiction. Unfortunately, the insights are bad 
Broken. I gave this cookbook 2 stars because although it was exactly what I was looking for, it came in an unacceptable condition. My mother had the original book for 
Not a completely sympathetic portrait. The author is very articulate and humorous in describing the horrible experience of having a life threatening illness and severe disability. She is obviously witty 
weak greene. i have read 5 graham greene books and this is by far the lamest of them. this was conceived of first as a hollywood movie, and it shows. 
Boring. The research was remarkable...almost a minute-by-minute description of George s daughters. Never did I think that research could result in a book SO boring. Dare I admit the entire 
a book without structure. One expects one s textbooks to present material in a structured way. This book is all over the place. It is full of references to material 
NOT A KEEPER. This is a beautiful book for the coffee table but forget the kitchen unless you have a brigade of chefs. Most of the ingredients are special purchase 
Don t waste your money. The other reviewers are right - this dog of a book should never have been published. In fact it seems to have been published by 
Zoolander on the Wagon. Interesting observations about rehab and kicking a bad drinking problem, so part of the book is worthwhile and inspiring. About half way through I had to 
Poor service. Product misrepresented. The book we received was not the full book with the ISBN number we ordered. It was volume one of two with a different ISBN number, 
Way too general. This dictionary may be good for the layman, but it is far too general for a law student or lawyer. Only the most common legal words are 
It works? NO IT DOESN T! Goal-setting squeezed onto a pamphlet. I understand the fascination with this book. People want to make changes in their lives, find love, money, family, 
The Most Boaring Book Alive. The book is called The Circuit. This book is about a boy named Francisco Jimenez who wants to be another person. He had a hard 
A very credible book, except......... It was interesting to read a review that commented It is still true, you can not find any study in those countries about Christianity .That 
A Typical Case of Padding a Thin Volume. Sorry to be the wet blanket at this book party, but I was very disappointed in this book. First of all, here 
USEFUL METHOD FOR CONTROLLING BRAINLESS DRONES. Oh dear. This is another book like the horrible Who Moved My Cheese? that attempts to manipulate grown adults by treating them like children.Like 
Oh Danny Boy... First off, I love Dan Rather. He s a wonderful, passionate man whom I love to watch on the news. The problem is, he s not a 
Silas Marner review. If you do not have to read this book, don t. It is very difficult to understand and catch on to, especially because of the slow plot 
Just a bunch of pictures. and none i haven t seen elsewhere in my other DIY garden project books. I was NOT inspired  
An OK Book. The writer has great style and all, but it s really written for newcomers to this profession.I was impressed by the title of the book. I like 
Don t bother. Rarely do I just write off a book especially of such a prolific writer as Coetzee but this book is such an utter disappointment in his career 
Disappointing and Dismal Writing. Although the premise of the story is a good one, the way it is handled literarily fell very short of expectations. I kept wondering whether his 
Bull. None of these covers &quot;changed the world&quot;. Whether they will admit it or not, the American media don t rule the world. Least of all Life Magazine. If they 
you can find better. I have been evaluating, and managing corporate marketing for years. too much fluff here. save your 10.00 unless you collect branding books  
Now this is just too boring. Kriss Stephens knows one thing for sure: ghosts whatever they are or however you choose to define them exist, and she really knows how 
 SW:... -- is a Grave Disappointment...!!!. Silent Witness:... by Roxanna Ferllini Timms , NY, Firefly Books, 2002 - ISBN 1-55297-625-6 pbk. , 7x10 in., 192 pg., has many photos; 
This Book Rocks Because... I found this book to be very good. The reason I thought this was because it has a great story line of mystery, adventure, and action. 
If I had wanted a romance novel, I would ve looked in that part of the book store. I first picked up on the Anita Blake series a little over 
outdated. I returned this book after opening the cover and scanning the contents. If you are looking for help with computer based recording this is not it  
A Real Chore to Make it Through. I approached this title with all the expectations fostered by many friends endless promotions. I did my best to like it, to find 
Disappointing. Unless you re into spamming folks, who filter out junk mail anyway, you won t find much value in this book. Each chapter has some hypster claiming wild successes 
Series hits a brick wall. This is the third installment in the Mitch Rapp series and the author s fourth book overall. I d suggest reading the previous books both 
Poor writing, short on detail. I bought both this book and Al Linders Walleye book. Save your money and do not buy this book. Al s books are extremely detailed 
unauthenticated foolishness with some good tangents. While the ancillary material on cryptid hominids is well organized, representing a reasonably clean presentation of typically widely scattered material, the lion s share 
Narcissistic Twaddle. All I could think was, Damn, if I had so many friends at my beck and call to talk me down off the ledge, I d never be 
I can t STAND this woman... This was the only Bertrice Small book I could find in the gift shop of an airport. That should have been warning enough not 
Bad Flaps. Great little book except the pictures under the flaps are totally off. This makes it frustrating for little ones to know what they are looking at. Usually Thomas 
Don t read it if you re black. Or gay. Or female. It s fragmented and feels like it doesn t know whether it wants to be funny or serious, 
Disappointing book about a fascinating subject. I picked this book up after after enjoying Savage Pastimes, another book by the same author, and hoped for an informative and gruesome book 
Ridiculous book. I like most of Jodi Picoult s books, but this was the worse one I have ever read. The story line was ridiculous and unbelievable. The main character 
Following your own footsteps in the snow. Crossan regards the Gospel of Thomas as an early, primary source concerning Jesus and uses it to revise the portrait of Jesus found 
Not as good as it sounds. This book is fun to read, yes, no question about that, the problem are the facts inside.In the first pages I found the first 
oh my god, no.... i love music and i love making music, but i don t read music or study it. to me, that would take all the fun out 
Not what I expected. I ordered this for a friend, thinking it was the same Bruce Fisher book I bought when I divorced. It is ONLY the workbook and really 
Good book... for a PhD student. This book, is not for newcomers to statistics. It often assumes a well versed backround in probability and statistics and I suppose a decent 
Repetitive rehash. I loved Mr. Darcy Takes a Wife and didn t want to see it end. So I was delighted to see another sequel by the same author. Unfortunately 
Being Greek. While this book is a relatively interesting read, as a Greek woman I find it extremely insulting. This book takes every stereotype out there and looks for evidence 
Gary - Lost Christianities. Ehrman s work is not for a person of faith. It does not take faith into consideration. It is a wonderful research project based on limited 
Did you all actually read it?. First off, I am an avid reader and love a long challenging read, however, this novel is one of the worst I have ever 
preachy and whiny. While this book brought up some very good issues about how terrible overweight people are treated, I found it preachy and many times got irritated with Lara 
Great Premise Really Bad Author = Awful Book. GWTW certainly was one-sided in its portrayal of the Old South, and I can see how that could be a deal killer 
The book was as rocky as the characters in it. I saw Jessica Hagedorn speak at the 92nd street Y, which is where I recieved her book. Once I began 
Marginal. This is the most misleading of books. The title would have you believe Gouverneur Morris wrote the Constitution. A few more founding Fathers naturally participated. However, Morris was Chairman 
Delayed and Disappointed. The product arrived after the estimated arrival date; it took over 3 weeks for my book to arrive. The book itself was also not in as good 
....why...oh...why. For a teach yourself c book, this book has VERY little actual code in it. IT should be called Teach yourself structure and math of c because that s 
Too much story telling. This book was recommended for me to read by my husband s personal therapist. He s in anger counseling, after coming back from Iraq, and I 
Too basic and touching mostly on the surface stuff. This book was not covered in details for almost very subject in import and export. Some examples are complete mismatched with 
Confused. This book has interesting episodes- Lucknow, Seringpatam , Egypt and the role of France versus the British,-but lacks a logic or argument which would justify the book. It touches 
Needs a parental rating. This was assigned for entering 9th graders as summer reading. The story of a dysfunctional family alcoholism, child abuse is maudlin enough on it s own. 
The Phaidon Press Book is Better. The quality of the art covered in this book is highly uneven and many of the theories are terribly dated by today s standards. 
A FRAUD, A CON MAN, A SOCIOPATH. GIVEN KERIK S REPORTED MOB TIES, AMORALITY AND CASHING IN ON THE 9 11 TRAGEDY, IT S NO SURPRISE TO READ THIS CON 
Not a useful book for learning and reference. This is not the kind of book that you want to keep on your bookshelf for future reference. It comes with relatively 
Did you all actually read it?. First off, I am an avid reader and love a long challenging read, however, this novel is one of the worst I have ever 
MEDIOCRE. I read this book, it was okay but the story flashed back to much, and I couldn t folow all of it but I read all of it anyway. 
Is he kidding?. I m hoping that most of the people who wrote these reviews didn t actually stoop so low as to buy the book. I read a few 
Worst Purchase on Amazon Ever. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT UNLESS YOU ARE A NASA COMPUTER PROGRAMER!! I m pretty computer savy but could never make this work.  
New Age Mitford Book. If you want a Jan Karon Book with adultery, gays, and anti Christian values, read this series! Jan Medlicott has modernized the Mitford series-but included familiar 
More a Mystery than a Comedy. This is a rudderless work. For the life of me, I can t figure out why it s so often performed. It s as 
too much fat. This book has some good information but you have to wade through the fat to get at it. It may be written mainly for aspiring college students, 
Cookbook to fancy. I enjoy food but most of the recipes in this book are things I wouldn t eat in the first place  
science-lovers only.... ugh. as a confessed bibliophile, i honestly try to give every single book its due. but this one was impossible...poetic, but impossible. barrett attempts to weave these stories 
You can t judge a book by it s cover or title. It just goes to show, you can t judge a book by its cover, or it s title 
Waste of time and money. This book is by far the worst book I have ever read.  
laughable. This book will tell you nothing about &quot;history&quot;. It reads more like a novel and uses a series of literary devices which do violence to the material it deals 
sub-standard. I refuse to believe that some apprentice intern ghost writer didn t really write this. I will try to describe him or her. Definitely a vegetarian - possibly a 
Ridiculous. While I think Laura Albert writes beautifully in her next published work The Heart is Deceitful Above All Things, Sarah is very poorly written. Anyone who has ever even 
Readalbe but junky. Timeline is equivalent to a 99 cent taco. It s an indulgent bit of junk food.Timeline starts with a Hillerman-esque scientist turning up in the middle of 
A mishmash of proven lies and half truths. I read this book years ago when it was first published. Mr. Sick allowed himself to be taken in by a collection 
Neopaganism Nonsense. This book is anything but a source of information on REAL magick....Bonewits whose name is appropriate ....claims to be a Druid AND a Wiccan....Although wicca has taken a 
it would be a waste of fire to burn this book... reads like it was written by an elementary schooler during recess and stereotypes every culture character it tries to 
I felt that this book did not provide enough resources. This book did not offer enough resouces for parents. It was also pessimistic in terms of the outcome for dyslexics. 
Nothing too inspiring. I was disappointed with this purchase. The cover is so cute, but the only design that is really interesting is the pink and green hat with the 
Light overview. There s a lot of fluff and useless opinions littered through out the book. Some references to researched material were made but the author didn t expand on 
this book sucks. who is the reader that gave this book 5 stars? this booklet is a bunch of rambling from a guy who knows nothing of the medical billing 
BORING. We read this book in ILA and it was so boring! The character had no emotions and it was very slow moving with no excitement. I almost fell asleep. 
Christian fundamentalism dramatized. Even the avid trekie reader of the Star Trek science fiction novels, movies and television series must suspend disbelief, when he finds Captain Kirk saying Beam me 
Erroneous from the Very First Sentence. If the reader knew absolutely nothing about oil production and read this book, then he or she would believe his claim that global production 
Big Bummer. I cook healthy all the time and just got this book as a gift...I m so unimpressed. I d seen Ellie s show on the Food Network a 
Amazing. So, Butch gets his own book. The question is why? This secondary character introduced in Dark Lover has appeared throughout this series as a weak, pathetic drunk. The meaning 
Borrow or check this one out from a library. I ll start by saying I know first hand that writing a novel is NOT easy...with that said, I didn t 
Good ideas, but fails to follow through. The book categorizes software testing for security defects into attacks on software dependencies, user interfaces, design and implementation. The book focuses on 19 
As authentic as a daytime soap opera. I d heard the buzz both pro and con and thought I d take an independent read. I was dismayed with this book.James 
All s well that ends well. This is a novel in superlative style: heroic, magnanimous, exalted, brightly, caressingly, exquisite, fascinating, wonderful, sublime, radiant, delightful ... It confronts and mingles very 
Editorial Review. I was hoping to purchase an actually funny take on life and the crazy relationship between pets and their owners. All I bought was the comparability between terrible 
Nothing new to offer...available freely on website. There are more than 140 popular chart pattern. I returned this book becuase whatever he mentioned is freely available on websites. I do 
Profoundly dishonest. The careful reader of the book s footnotes will notice that the author admits to concocting pivotal scenes for dramatic effect. Such practices are worthy neither of history 
Warning - Recipes Don t Compute. The book may be easy to read and a good overview of the ZONE diet plan, but... the first recipe I ve tried, vegetarian 
Keep your money honey. Big Boom said everything he had to say in the title of the book. The rest of the book looks good on the outside, but is 
Soul by Soul by Walter Johnson. The principle question that arises from a reading of &quot;Soul by Soul&quot; by Walter Johnson is why was this book written? It is touted 
Nudge, Nudge, Wink, Wink: David Laskin Among the Intellos. David Laskin s journalistic and scatter-shot approach to this group of significant American intellectuals is disappointing. The emphasis is on anecdotes 
Some cowardly Editor who said, Hey...looks fine like it is!. Before all the Graham Hancock fans out there get twerked off at me for the low 2 star rating on 
Why did I waste my time?. I ve stayed away from this series for a few years but chanced on the Blow Fly and thought I d give it another 
Bad Editing, Alot of Errors. This books is fraught with errors that will drive you crazy if you re trying to learn Flash for the first time. It s a 
got insomnia?. this is an interesting subject but it is way out-weighed by the turgid writing  
Maybe later. Snapped this up from bargain books, after reading all the good reviews. I found it boring and trite from the start and then it got worse. After 70 
 The Glorious Cause is glorious. This is one of the best books I have ever read on the Revolutionary War. Even though it is technically classified as a novel, 
Over Rated, Unussually Boring. Some books, in my opinion, are just plain overrated. The characters in this novel are dull and uninteresting. Likewise the tale. The reader takes nothing from 
Is Hillary Clinton a lesbian? Who Freaking Cares. I rarely ever fail to complete a book I ve paid for but after about sixty pages of Edward Klein s docudrama 
Worst Leonard I ve read. This novel comes off like a high schooler wanting to write about the movie and music industries. In between the entertainment biz cliches, the author 
I was disappointed. I had not read Ted Dekker until I read his collaboration with Frank Peretti with the recent House . I really liked that book so I was 
Don t waste your money. The more I read of this book, the more it seemed like a little mind-trip of self-indulgence for the author. It s very difficult to 
Not as good as it could have been. It starts out like Laura Bush s Rules for Driving, but skydives after the opening pages, in which the then 17-year-old Laura 
A Christian Copper Guide to Paganism. A Christian book for Christian police that encourages the police to seek out evil occultists and arrest them. Note how the system does not 
Invented History. Although it is true that peoples had contacts through trade, and therefore the sharing of ideas, however megalithic structures on Malta most likely are not connected to the 
iTrash. All things considered, I must say this is one of the poorer hard-cover book I have ever read, from the standpoints of intellectual content, style, and mis use of 
Stick to Romance, Sparky. Sparks must have had a momentary lapse of reason when he decided to take a stab at suspense by writing The Guardian. This book is awful. 
Implausible thriller with a twist that just doesn t work. Having a novel s narrator turn out to be the killer is a fairly common staple in the mystery and 
Not sure what he s trying for. If you read this book looking for ways that your product, company, or whatever could be marketed for wild success then you will 
Wish I had not Bought It. Great concept; timely topic; wrong author. She is whiny thoughout the book. She buys an elephant lawn ornament but only pays 0.25 to go 
Meticulously researched, but... Meticulously researched, but dry as an official communique from the Foreign Office itself. There s a great story within the panoply of names and facts here, but 
Leonard, how could you?. I can t believe Leonard Maltin would put his name on this compilation of misinformation. He must be spreading himself too thin and hiring interns to 
Does Not Live Up to Its Potential. An important note on what is graphic in this novel and what is not: obviously, the account of Runyon setting himself on fire 
Good Fireplace Book. This is a great book to read by the fireplace. After about thirty pages you can conveniently toss it IN the fireplace! This is the most boring, 
My first review. This is my first review for Amazon. I write this so that some reader can avoid the pain I suffered. The book was the worst mystery I 
A FAIRY TALE FOR ADOLESCENTS. I am a huge Berg fan, but this book did not cut it with me. The main character, Patty, is approaching mid-life and desperately wants 
Disapointing. If you are going to get a book to help you restore your Ducati twin,you better pass on this one and get a good shop manual .There is litle 
It doesn t even deserve ONE star!. This was by far one of the worst books I ve ever read. Who in the world dreams of becoming a hooker? And 
utter garbage. I didn t find this funny, satirical or humourous in any way. Poor drivel and a waste of time and brain matter  
ok,.....but,.....not really impressed,... Hi,...Maybe its me,..but I was not as happy with this as I thought that I d be,...I will keep trying to listen to the CD,...& read the 
Uncle Isaac Asimov Tells It As It Is. After the 1700s, this play fell into obscurity. It was later revived in the mid 1900s. Its period of obscurity does not 
Barely Relevant. Mr. Ferrazzi ignores the distinct advantage that he has had throughout his career: he is an Ivy-league grad. While I found some of his insights to be helpful, 
Perfectly Useless. This book deals with older Palm Operating Systems; so old in fact, that my year-old T5 was way beyond it. It has a copyright from about 2000. If 
Another piece of trash from fringe-left cooks... This is perhaps the most liberal textbook I have ever read in my entire life. The authors come across as subjective and emotional, 
Newberry Winner?. I am a retired teacher and work part-time in a school library. I read the Newberry Winners each year. For the second year in a row, I am 
Boring Disappointment. Don t waste your time with this one. It ll be a long while before I read another Patterson novel  
You ll hate the characters!. This book did not live up to its hype. It tries to do for Guenevere what Mists of Avalon did for Morgan le Fey, but 
This book does not live up to its title of &quot;Making Sense&quot;. Walters becomes very wordy in her second chapter and continues throught the entire book this way. She has 
Why rule of thumb in computer era?. As a desginer, I can not understand the meaning of this book.1.Take any scantling rule of classification societies and compare. Scantlings section of 
Please don t read this. What a terrible book. It s slow and mostly pointless at times. Think of all the excitement you have working in a cubical with situations 
Entirely awful book. Great Expectations was perhaps one of the worst book ever written. I m no Dickens expert, but I do know a little about literature- I don t 
Wise Blood. I had to force myself to finish this book. After reading two-thirds I felt compelled to finish it simply in hopes of finding some redeeming value to the 
Well Researched, Poorly Written, Miserably Edited. In all my very many years of reading, I ve never come upon so haphazardly edited a volume as this one. It reads like 
Guess I m Just Jaded. Maybe I ve read too many of these serial killer fiction novels, but I have noticed that they re always disappointing: He heard a doggie 
Did a six year old write this?. This is the first Patterson novel I have ever read, and it is certain to be the last. Most good authors draw the 
Health text?. A book of words and dubious references by &quot;experts&quot;. I cannot find any important educational references in this book. As an expert in the field of Natural Medicine 
No Student Solution Manual. As a student, how can I study without a solution manual? Is all Abstract Algebra classes this way? I have an awful time to study. I 
Ignore this turkey. Keegan started out years ago with a bang with The Face of Battle, in which the post-Vietnam and, for the UK, a post-Empire spirit made for a 
A hot book on tape in 2001 proves an embarassment for the authors in 2005. This book on tape was published early 2001 just in time for listeners to lose 
This hurts me more than it hurts you. It breaks my heart to write a negative review of a Curious George book. I love Curious George as much as anyone. 
The Witch s Tongue. The Charlie Moon series is getting more amusing and more spiritual , for lack of a better word, as it evolves. Certainly, Moon has become a 
I expected something workable. My expectation from the big book of sales games was to find an informative book that can provide creative ideas for making training more enjoyable. However, 
British Sensibilities. Save your money. Or, if you need to spend it, buy plain yogurt -- you will find the bland white stuff much more exciting than this novel. If 
How Much Help Did Mr. Buffone Really Get?. Mr. Buffone criticizes parents who financially help their children but I wonder, did Mr. Buffone s parents pay for his high priced 
this book has an agenda.... Anytime the Christian Right has a chance to undermine women,it will take that chance and run with it.Please read The Myth Of Gender by Fausto- 
So glad I m done!. This book goes on my list of the worst books I have ever read. It took me 3 tries and a five days to get 
Not one of Stuart Woods best work. I usually enjoy his books, even though they are formulaic, but this one was so thin in plot it was sad. It was 
Not really worth it. I didn t like this book. I thought it was a waste of time and money.  
 An Accountant s Dream or Mozart on the Couch . I read up to chapter twenty about 300 pages and stopped reading the book, realizing I had more important 
Not really interesting enough to be predictable. A group of disaffected Viet Nam veterans cab drivers calling themselves Green Band blows up several buildings in a carefully orchestrated attack on 
Tiresome, simplistic romance. Jane Austen s last novel, published posthumously, receives this year s Clunky Boring Classic Award. Anne Elliot, on the verge of spinsterhood at 27, is reunited with 
Sick and Sad. I was brought up evangelistic Christian, I was forced every sunday to go into church where SOME were turned away.At a very young age I saw such 
Not the great book people seem to think it is. This is a book that could should? have faded into history without being a great loss to the world. Yes, 
character assassination. While there were some interesting bits in this book and it was readable, for the most part it completely undermined the character of Raistlin, contradicts previous books, and 
Whisper of the hatchet... The most telling remark I can make about this book, which I picked up for about 5 off a publishers overstock pile in a bookstore, is 
Bleeding Heart. Do not waste your money. I bought this for class, and almost had to burn it after the class was over. It is nothing but bleading heart liberal 
Militar Policeman in Vietnam. I found this book to be well written and all the individual stories very interesting and factual. War is Hell  
Ouch. Barber is painfully boring and his views are over the top liberal. Read it for school and would not wish reading this on my worst enemy  
Lemony Turns Sour. I don t know about anyone else, but this book was the one that made me completely lose interest in this whole series. This is the most 
A Letter To Sean Hannity... Dear Sean,Thanks for sending me your book Deliver Us from Evil : Defeating Terrorism, Despotism, and Liberalism. Before I put the book down and turn 
Unsubstantiated. I have only read the Neon Genesis Evangelion section for a paper . From what I ve read, it seems to me that Redmond makes provacative assertions that are 
So unbelievable dull.... and annoying. I will usually read and accept anything, but this book is just so beyond fact for even realistic fiction. I could have handled this book 
Bad customer service. I ordered this book and realized the day after I placed the order that my boyfriend had bought it for himself. When I emailed the seller to 
Good until page 86. I read the Subjection of Women for my 17th Century Philosophy class. I found it interesting, but hard to read. Mill tends to be repetative and 
60 Filler, 35 Anecdotal, 5 Worthwhile Information. When I first bought it for myself and skimmed the first few pages, I was very excited about the book and thought that 
didn t live up to my expectations. As it says in the title this book is a lipogram and dictionary.com gives us this definition: A writing composed of words not 
Tedious!. I was very disappointed in this book. I found it tedious, rambling, and disjointed. There were a few interesting facts thrown in for good measure, but you have to 
Not Smart or Low-Carb. I picked up this book because of Rodale s reputation for excellence. However, this one s a real disappointment. The recipes are not low-carb and the 
An Aimless Book. In each chapter and throughout this book, the author writes whatever comes to her mind and therefore, it is hard to understand where she heads and concludes 
Didn t interest me. I found this book boring. Her message was good, but her delivery did nothing for me  
Alright already!. This is a case of a lot of filler to make what could be communicated in a short essay into a book. The basic message The music industry 
no stars. lack of talent leads to jealousy that inspired the author to create his theories .  
Big on inspiration for boys , short on facts. Bell s book has been an inspiration to several generations of mathematicians, encouraging them to pursue the creative discipline of mathematics. 
I thought it would never end -- utterly tedious. I m not sure Byatt had in mind as a prospective readership for this novel. I read a lot and am 
Where is it?. I ordered this book and eventually amazon cancelled the order because it was not available. The then ask me to review it? Where is it?Rev bruce  
shallow self-indulgence. I like to use the Amazon reviews when purchasing books, especially alert for dissenting perceptions about higly rated items, which usually disuades me from a selection. So I 
The insufferable Anna Wulf. Like many other reviewers, I struggled with this book. For more than 600 pages, Anna Wulf explores every thought and emotion that comes into her head 
Left Behind. Certainly a nice looking book. From what I understand, Marvels launched the careers of its two principle creators, and it s definitely not a bad place to start.Alex 
Like a comic book with no pictures, but fun, I guess. In need of a fun, adventure read, I picked up an author I always seem to see on the 
Confusing! I m Sorry but I DEFINATELY did not like this book. This book was extremely incomprehensable!!!It was BORING and it kept bringing new characters in without introducing them or 
Flyboys. I had a difficult time with this book. Having ready Flags of Our Fathers , I had hopes this would be as well written and informitive. However, from early 
Eww!. This is the worst book I have ever read! It is ssssssssssssssooooooo dull! Even Grunt is better than this-- eww eww eww! Go try some real books like The 
Steer clear of this one. When I had first heard of Dream Boogie, a 700-page biography of the late Sam Cooke, I was ecstatic. Up until that point, I had 
Another City - no angels. It just didn t do it for me. Like so many other people, I loved Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil. It was 
Old News. Far from containing any ground-breaking revelations, this book is essentially old news. Except for a few details that Block has added, virtually everything in it can be found 
Back pain no more. I thought the information was useful at times and other times i felt i needed a stronger back ground of schooling to understand the author. Overall 
Facts Dulled By Unimaginative Presentation. This may be a five-star concept, but the execution leaves much to be desired, particularly in the illustrations. The best that can be said is 
too good to be true. If something seems too good to be true, it usually is. That s the case with this book as well. It seems that all of 
Zuh?. How Germaine Greer came to be an authority on Shakespeare, I ll never know. Actually, I can t believe people are still writing about this guy at all  
Stuffy, predictable and annoying!. I borrowed this book a while ago, hoping for an enjoyable light read. Unfortunately not.The main character of this series, Amelia Peabody, is supposedly interesting. Unfortunately 
So very dissapointed. Like most successful certification seekers, I m on a schedule. A delay of even a week or two puts off that final test. I gladly ordered this 
Hated It!!. I did not like this book at all! It was all over the place and I couldn t get in to it  
Practical Design of Safety-Critical Computer Systems. Much of the content of this book is devoted to fault tree analysis and common sense applications of redundancy. The book equates safety critical 
Bad. I was looking foward to this book and then I read it and was so shocked! It could have been a really great book if only the characters had 
Barely Entertaining. I can t understand how this book won the World Fantasy Award. Touted as horror , it was barely scary. Lieber filled his book with a string of 
Long on introduction, short on strategies. I enjoyed this book and very much empathized with the subject matter, but was so surprized when the book just ended and I had 
This is not the textbook. We thought we had ordered the textbook, Microeconomics: Principles, Problems, and Policies by McConnell and Brue. This book however is Selected Material from Microeconomics. The 
already in Citizenship Papers . These nice and thoughtful essays were already in Berry s Citizenship Papers: Essays I wish I had known that before I bought both  
Well...not Exactly. Actually I have not read this book and probably won t anytime soon. I understand there is more than one side to everything but am totally offened at 
Don t buy this for the art. The previous reviews gave me the impression there would be great concept art in this book. Instead the few artworks are completing lacking 
Worst Airline is still the worst. The book may provide a business model but the airline has not come back. Continental is still the worst run airline in the U.S. 
To the devil with it!. When I was introduced to Goldberg at a conference a few years ago, the first words out of his mouth to me were almost a 
I disagree. We used a chapter from this book for my graduate Philosophy of mind class. To be fair, I must note that I was not favorably disposed towards eliminative 
Not What We Expected. Although everyone empathized with June, we couldn t understand her loyalty. We wished she had been as loyal to Aunt Peggy. There were some readers that 
You only need one Atkins book. Dr. Atkins New Diet Revolution contained far more relevant information than The Atkins Essentials. Frankly put, if you already have one of the Atkins 
More than 8 minutes . . . Just a warning - 8 minutes doesn t count warm up, stretching, or the time it takes you to get up from the 
No maps, but lots of oral history. How can you write a book about the Battle of the Bulge and have no maps. I knew when he said oral history 
Why is the cost so reasonable?... ...essentially you get what you pay for. This book is certanly NOT representative of what I have come to expect from National Geographic.I had 
GAVE IT ONE STAR BECAUSE I COULDN T GIVE IT ZERO. There are two types of writers...one writes to inform the reader, the other writes to try to impress other 
Bones. I bought this book expecting to share some fascinating stories and experiences, instead each chapter began a buildup and then suddenly you were left standing there alone wondering what 
Not for me. You can find all the information and more this book provides on the internet. So if you have a little time to search the web, you don 
sub-standard. I refuse to believe that some apprentice intern ghost writer didn t really write this. I will try to describe him or her. Definitely a vegetarian - possibly a 
Don t bother. The Irish culture according to an an Englishman s perspective. Truth? Maybe some of it. Stereotypes? Yes  
2.5 stars for this one... probably the most over-hyped book I ve ever read. No SpoilersWhere to start. This could easily turn into a long review, but I don t 
Don t Waste Your Money. My fiance was a best man in a wedding recently and had never given a speech before. So I bought this book and another one. 
How many VT students are buying this book?. John Lott is a first class wack job. His research is questionable and he even invented a person a woman named Mary 
Boring. I am 15 years old and was required to read this book as summer reading for my school. Let me just say that this is the most punishingly boring 
Dullsville. Perhaps I d put too much stock in all the praise I d seen heaped on Charles McCarry and this book. What a great espionage writer he is, the 
Nothing new. I was hoping this book would help us all get a better nights sleep, but it s the same old &quot;cry it out&quot; method we ve all heard 
MySecret. i was sorely dissapointed when i bought this book. it was so short and the secrets were silly. there was nothing heartfelt about this book. the first one was 
Nothing learned here. Can sum this book up in one word: disappointing. There is nothing artistic in any of the pictures. No commentary given. As amuturistic as nude photos can 
Horribly muddled. This is one of the most horribly muddled thrillers I ve ever read. By the end, I wasn t sure who was winning or losing, nor did I 
Kaffeeklatsch with a curious housewife. After following Oprah s Book Club, I came to the sad conclusion that my gender woman cannot write. Period! Oprah s book club is a 
slow, wordy. i really liked the first one and even went to my mom s house to pick up the second one this at 10:30 at night right after i 
virtually fraud. Be warned. The Office Project program advertised as included is a trial version. The ad does not say this. Now I have to turn around a buy a 
Don t waste your time. It was all I could do to finish this book. The subject matter interested me because I knew someone who committed suicide, so I was 
just so-so. Of the 7 or so Grisham novels Ive read this one is my least favorite.It s not a bad story at all but it s just way too 
Hollywood Movie. No wonder this book has not been translated into Spanish. It would be an absolute fiasco. The Story of Spain was so obviously designed to be a good 
Who cares?. Why do we need another history book about ignorant cowards hiding behind bed sheets? Perhaps include details on the bed sheets thread count  
too mushy. It makes Peter Horry and Francis Marion to mushy. I wanted the fighting side not the staring into each others eyes and appearing to fall in love scenero.Peter 
Fraud. Michael Bellesiles resigned after a panel of scholars from places such as Harvard and Princeton concluded his failure to cite sources for material in his book, Arming America  
Well written, but low on content. I found this book very entertaining and interesting to read. Watts surely excels at presenting his work to as to make it appealing to 
UNFAIR!!!. I usually like this author and have read almost all of her books; however, after reading this book I definitely felt cheated. The book is well written, and the 
Medical Genetics. This book is extremely limited in discussing how these genetic disorders manifest themselves clinically. I would not recommend this book for students who plan to apply their knowledge 
Social Commentary from a Marxist. To appreciate this book you need have at least a general understand of the work of Karl Marx because the book is written from a 
this book teaches that being beautiful is wrong. This book is so beautiful on the outside it s a pity that the words are so incredibly hurtful and wrong. The 
The book sucks, but there may be hope. To rehash about 2,000 other reviews: this book is tripe. Worthless. Offensive to anyone who felt any connection to this series world 
Completely wrong on all 10 reasons. Anyone who is looking for an economic analysis on why the IMF and World Bank something that should be done rigorously should be abolished 
As sick, pretentious and nasty as could be. We all know that O.J. Simpson is 1000 guilty of this horrific double-murder and that he was able to buy justice thanks 
This was a really pathetic excuse for a seller. The first book that was sent to me was defective. The pages in it were out of of order and the 
United States Navy Seal Workout Book. Very basic and largly a disappointment.Too many pictures on free hand excercises .A much better book is Lofty Wisemans SAS Personnel Trainer ,more content 
Overall, there is no need to purchase this card set. The main problem with OrgoCards is that it is not really a set of two sided flash cards. It is 
Really, really bad. This is my first time dipping into Barnes s Carlotta Carlyle series, and I can t say I was in any way impressed. This novel is both 
waste of money. I m very interested in innovation and reading almost anything is out there. This book is horrible. Disguised in an innovative format, it is absolutely useless  
I would not recommend it to an associate. The books attempts to give the reader a short introduction or insight into process mapping. Yet, it would go to in-depth for 
Annoying. The author s failed attempt to be cute and clever is very annoying. I guess he wanted to follow the style of Hofstadter, Paulos, Berlinski, and others. The problem 
Nap time. This was the first and last Iris Johansen book I will read. I thought oh I need something to do at work since its going to be slow 
I get it..... The game of golf is racist and sexist. I get it. In fact, I got it after the first twenty times Sounes whines about it  
There s no future in Murray s dreaming... This book came highly recommended to me. With all the hype surrounding its apparent genius I expected to be blown away. Sadly 
It upset my mother. I bought this book for my mother, who is currently battling ovarian cancer. I bought it to inspire her, and let her know that there are 
Unfulfilled promise. The premise of the store is interesting. How did left tackle become one of the most important positions in football? The first half of the book does a 
It gets no stars from me. My professor for separations was really smart, but like most chemical engineering professors that I have met, they are too smart for their own 
All I Can Say. I ve given up on Dickey, this book wasn t good at all, and I gave an extra star. Nothing like his first books, and I 
Poorly Written. This book is poorly written with no editing done whatsoever. There are constant misspellings and grammatical errors that detract from the book. Although there are some interesting aspects 
He gets important stuff wrong. I come with an axe to grind. I wrote two playwriting books of my own. But one of the reasons I wrote them is because 
Bad Compilation. Although compiled by someone who is supposedly an English expert, the manner in which verses are compiled in the book is much like ready on very long run-on 
King Rat the Worst of the Clavell Saga. James Clavell s King Rat is hands down the worst of his Asian saga. Only related to the other four by the 
Was it worth it?. I found the book A Gathering of Days interesting and filled with small pieces of history, but it was hard to comprehend and hard to read. 
Round holes and square pegs. I enjoyed re-reading the fables by HC Anderson again but by trying to link it to the business world, it seemed like the author is 
In Hindsight. Nearing completion of my first semester of law school, I can say that the gross majority of advice in this book was totally incorrect. It was actually detrimental 
Spare your 4th grader... Let me start by stating that im a 24 year old university educated individual.This book was thrusted into my face and forced into my brain when 
Only Promises What It Delivers. In this book, Byron York only promises to present the evidence of a vast Left-Wing conspiracy - and that is all he presents. The discussion 
Wolf in Sheep Skin. If you are a Christian, this book isn t for you. It is full of blashphemy, concluding that we must ... forgive God and that we 
A Poor Imitation of Michael Crichton!. Iles tries to imitate Michael Crichton with bits of Dan Brown s Digital Fortress in this book. Unfortunately this book does not make it. 
Wow, how did this ever get published?. This is just a REALLY bad book. First I blame James Patterson, but I really REALLY blame his editor. What editor worth his 
Nice idea but poorly executed. While it is interesting to imagine what a great composer would think of the modern day, I have to say that this attempt fell short. 
Polaroid Nudes. Why would a photo artist choose a large format for Polariod-sized pictures? That s what you get with Andreas Bitesnich s Pola Nude. There is not one picture 
Let s act like we have something to hide!. What does it mean when someone gets excessively-defensive?It doesn t express that they have peace or comfort with themselves.Writing sludge like 
Disappointed. I don t know whats going on in the art quilt world these days, but it seems to me that the more you can change the structure of the 
Don t waste your money!. A very poor effort from the point of view of a child. There are many errors in the book that will be caught by a 
Snotty and obnoxious. Bryson is certainly witty. But any pleasure in the book was ruined by the author s snotty and obnoxious tone. I can not understand why the author 
Uninspired. Neither thoughtful nor thought-provoking, this book provides no meaningful information for adults, nor for children. What a disappointment  
Very disappointing, not a good Arthurian retelling at all!. I haven t read King Arthur and His Knights of the Round Table since I was in high school, but I 
Extremely disappointing. It is hard to express how disappointed I was with Divine Utterances. To reiterate a previous review: lets hope that this is not the future of ethnography. The 
Do not recommend. This book is full of typos; what happened to proofreading...is that a lost art job?This book is also a good example of what Andy Rooney spoke of; 
Worst book I have read in a long time!. I have never read a Danielle Steel novel, but my friend bought it when we were inter-railing through Europe last week 
Information you can find surfing the net. Buy this if you want to purchase every book on this subject,or buy The Concierge Manual for 15 more and you won t 
An underachievement. Not very good scholarship. I settled down to read this book, hoping I would find a stimulating rejoinder to Richard Noll s work, and was disappointed. If this 
Absolutely Nothing New. I too have the Photoshop 7 edition of this book and I could not be more disappointed. Same actions, same text, same pictures, same everything. This is 
Elizabeth MacPhearson. This is the weakest book of the series. I have now read them all, through PMS Outlaws. The book has the witty style of the other Elizabeth MacPhearson 
good...but lacking. an incomplete edition. While this story is truly an essential writing of Dostoevsky, it lacks the appropriate context to be read as sold in this copy. If you 
Remote spewing. I first came across the subject of remote viewing one night as I was switching tv channels and found a show about psychic spying . Imagine my shock 
2 1 2 Stars: Gasping for Breath. Elizabeth Berg has written several humane, touching, so real they hurt novels about relationships: patient nurse the affecting Never Change , families Say 
Good Information about the FBI but NOT A GUIDE TO EMPLOYMENT. This book serves a good purpose by giving the reader a general history of the FBI and some war 
fitting finesse. for a novice sewer I found it to complicated to follow  
Not what I expected at all after a long wait to be released. I ve been waiting for this book to come out because I thought it would have information 
Not much of a game , mostly travel log . I read some of the reviews about this book present on this site and was somewhat surprised to see mostly 
Overly heady writing style. I found VERY little useful information in this book...not because it isn t there but because the writing style is too out there . I m 
Falling short of its goals. Ewing s book is about Nora Simms, the successful owner of Brickhouse, a workout center located in Harlem. The story revolves around her struggle to 
No redeeming features. This is a very bad book. It is poorly written, the characters are caricatures in misery, and it is almost impossible to develop any empathy for them 
Expensive, complicated, too fancy for me; Too much fish. More fish recipes than your normal cook-in-advance books. I didn t want to buy the book, but my cat spilled iced 
The relativity of choice. Mrs. Windle s book was very entertaining although not very original. Mostly it consists of a laundry list of the alleged activities by the anti s 
Oops...I Did It Again. A generation before there was a Left Behind, there was The Late Great Planet Earth by Hal Lindsey and C. C. Carlson. This is the book 
More from Mem Fox. I m a fan of Mem Fox. I use her books in my class. This one, Hunwick s Egg,is a little disappointing. The main character finds 
Hardly Extraordinary. Hoped for a higher level Da Vinci Code, but got a weak mishmash of stilted characters with banal dialogue. A plodding plot accentuated by silliness and guided by 
Unfortunately boring. I m a very spiritual person and I was expecting this CD to provide daily inspiration and help me to remember the very few things that are important 
Woefully Lacking. By far the least informative book I ve read on Fibromyalgia. It s far too simplfied and woefully incomplete. For instance, the most diffinitive diagnostic tool for Fibromyalgia, 
Not at all what I was expecting. I am a professional pet stylist, and when I saw this book advertised in one of the Groomer magazines, I immediately went to 
A disappointment . . . As a collector of the entire series, no one awaited this book more than I. I feel let down. Of the 13 stories, and it 
McJihad vs. Reality. This book is inexplicably influential, probably due to its catchy but ultimately meaningless title. Barber fails to convincingly analyze an interesting thesis, instead delivering an exasperating 300 
Interesting theme, but no bridge is built. William Dembski is one of the great names in the Intelligent Design-movement. He holds a Ph.D. in mathematics and philosophy, and have earned 
Not what I expected. The book might be ok for a very young reader. However, from the summary and from the other review, I thought the book would be helpful 
DANTE FOR BIGOTS?. Esolen is neither a Dante scholar nor an Italian language literature specialist. He is an English Teacher at Providence College, a Catholic institution. His retelling of the 
Not in my kitchen, not on my stove!. I fancy myself an expert reader, but confess to barely emerging from my novitiate as a chef. I m busy compiling a 
Thanks...but no thanks. First, Somewhere on Amazon.com I read that the pictures in this book are FULL COLOR. They are NOT. I did not find this book helpful at all 
Much Ado About Not Much. Captain Alatriste is the first in a series and, like a lot of series, you re really rooting for it to be a barnburner so 
Overly broad, too generic for me!. Mr. Edwards book needs some updating. Also, it s a very GENERAL look at the Real Estate field. It s a little too broad. 
What a disappointment. I read the reviews here about this book and loves mysteries.This one is a total bore  
A Little Dry. Good book if you re a Booze Fighter interested in the history of the club. Really the stories aren t that Wild  
Can t I do no stars . This book is just awful. There are such biased misrepresentations of Christians and the Bible that it would be viewed as bigoted if 
overblown connections to Soc. Socrates would cringe that his name is in the title, and that the author attempts to draw connections to his guru self help style, and the 
Should be a 20-page paper instead. As mentioned by many reviewers, this book has a lot of preaching about the invalidity of the concept of races.What interests me to the 
more a reference than a good read. this book is not easy to read. it reads like an encyclopedia, and a bad one at that. i could only bear a 
Scary. The author illustrator of this book has done quite a few other children s books, and my son of 3 years is actually afraid of the pictures in all 
Three Points About this Book. After reading this book, I would like to make three points about it:1. First of all, DON T MAKE THIS YOUR FIRST DEAN KOONTZ BOOK. 
Tired. J. Lee Grady s Ten Lies the Church Tells Women: How the Bible Has Been Used to Keep Women in Spiritual Bondage. is as the title says, VERY freeing.DeMoss 
The LONGEST Test Prep for the AP EH. The review is too detailed to be a review. If I wanted to retake the Euro course, I would suggest this book. 
Not the real thing. This is just a watered down version, by replacing the colorful language they have also taken away part of the beauty of the story. I wish 
Totalitarianism With A Smiling Face and Radio Show. The second that you hear someone denounce someone else s politics or beliefs as an illness , you can be sure you 
Very disappointed, lots of filler with little substance. From the reviews, I was expecting more. The word discipline was used so often without giving a clear definition or clear steps 
Has no solutions. I expected something completely different when I read this book. I was expecting that this book would tell about different ways that the future would get energy 
Drivel presented with enthusiasm and gusto. This is your typical self help, motivational book. You can Do it! , Think you can and you can its all up to you 
A waste of time by a thoroughly discredited author!. . .If you could sue writers for false advertising regarding what they write on bookjackets, you d have a great case 
Not enough. This is the required text for my course. I ve read it thoroughly and it seems great, but it definitely is not getting me the grade I want. 
Good Info, But Trite and Patronising. The book is filled with good definitions about the winding road that is IVF-fertility treatment is packed with acronyms, abbreviations, and science, and the 
Worst E&E Book Out There. This is easily the worst book in the E&E series  
Sometimes the classics can be boring. Oh well, sometimes you get the bear and sometimes the bear gets you. Reading the classics can be boring as this classic illustrates. Goldsmith 
Why do we care?. Our hero,amoral in his love life, refusing to kick his unfaithful ex-wife to the curb, and making mystery solving boring, why continue? Parker can write like 
I am so sorry. I am so sorry I read this book under the illusion it was a mystery type of book. The author has been writing on the edge 
Oh. My. God. This books starts with such promise but I find it hard to believe that the people who wrote the glowing reviews were actually able to slog through 
Sick & Twisted. I wish I could give this Zero stars. It is a very dark book and I can t imagine why anyone would write, publish, gift it, or 
A little to much hype on here about this book. It is a good book for reading but not as a refrence. If you in the trade and want a 
a waste of money. A waste of money and time.Information so general that only a abolute beginner can use it.So called expert tips are common knowledge...tips for a succesful email...1 
If you still think cholesterol causes heart disease, this book s for you. Have you taken meat & eggs out of your diet? Are you still trying to limit saturated 
Sorta Boring. This being the first book I read by Danielle Steel I expected more than what I got since I love the moive verisons of her book. The start 
An Adequate First Draft. I was surprised to learn, after reading Bay of Souls, that this was Robert Stone s first in five years, because it seemed hastily thrown-together. I 
Completely pointless. As a long time and avid knitter I m thrilled with the upswing in the popularity of the craft. With that comes both the brilliant and the boring. 
NOT a work of scholarship. I returned this book. I was hoping for a work of scholarship in which the author would carefully argue for his views by presenting documented 
Ponderous reading!. This is one extremely ponderous book to read. The author makes several well intentioned points, only to get bogged down in his own research and wordiness. Read it 
Where did JA Jance go?. I own and have read all of JA Jance s JP Beaumont and Joanna Brady mysteries and eagerly look forward to the next episodes in 
Journalistic Propaganda. This book was nothing short of journalistic propaganda. Indeed, Goebbels himself would be proud of Mr. Krakauer with this little number Under the Banner of Heaven . To 
I Feel Cheated. I was anticipating a wonderful diary of an amazing journey by an Englishwoman of privilege over the Western Plains of the American West--what I got was a 
Fictional Thoughts of a lunatic. The book is poorly written, full of fictional rantings and generally liberal recapping of other historial history books. The author rants like a lunatic and 
Same old stuff. In a time of heady progress in biochemistry and pharmacology, along comes a clinician to tell us once again that addiction is a state of mind that 
Dreadful. I believe this is the second worst book I ve ever read, although having not bothered to finish it, it had potential to rank higher on the list. The 
I WAS DUPED!!!!!. OK, people, here s some advice before you think about buying this book. Don t just look at all the 4 and 5 star customer reviews - 
Bad Parenting 101. Looking at the reviews here, it seems that a lot of people can relate to the author s experiences. Basically what that tells me is that there 
What the....!. I grew up with this story - what happened?! Somewhere in this grossly underproduced version they forgot that even in a kids story you need talented actors. Kids 
Disappointing. Very disappointed in the book. Too much drama & not enough history. Felt like I was reading the script from a made for TV docudrama  
Definitely not for beginners. Like another reviewer, I had a hard time following these recipes. Many ingredients are given in Hindi -- for example, brinjal or hing powder . I 
Hack writing makes best seller. I read this book because it says it was a best seller, and the author is supposed to be one of the best at suspense. 
Too Drawn Out. Normally I don t take the time to write a review, but this book just bugged me. When I finished I felt like I had run a 
Boring. Sorry, just plain old BORING! Don t get this book  
all you need to know about this book. Finishing this book was a lesson in patience. Don t bother with this waste of paper, there are many other fine writers 
Disgusting. The only book I ve ever read that I tore up and threw in the trash when I was finished. If this passes for an uplifting magical fable then 
Not even for the airplane. If you enjoy a good, tightly plotted thriller -- read something else. This flabby, clunky and completely unbelievable story labors to its silly ending wheezing 
Condescending Racist Fantasy. This book is a perfect example of a reigning culture in this case Western Caucasian dressing up it s post-Slavery Era losses and expanding Colonialism as benevolent 
Didn t make it past the first 10 pages. I generally make it a point to finish every book I start, no matter how awful, but this was just impossible 
There is academic work on this topic -- this is not it. Devon is right -- emotions are human adaptations. But this is not a new discovery he came up 
Form over Function. The language is beautiful in form. Inspirational is the best way to describe his ability to describe any one moment. The internal mechanisms that move a story 
The Truth Shall Prevail. I would like to thank Joan Peters for confirming that concocting a fraud is still an American tradition. The fallacious arguments presented in Peters thesis are 
Very disappointing sophisticated knitting book. I had very high hopes for this book after reading all of the good reviews, so maybe that s why I was so very disappointed 
Review of &quot;Ten Days that Shook the World.&quot;. Although this book may be so brilliantly written by John Reed, I found it to be too laden with historical details, and 
Good for browsing. I ve had this book for several years, but I found that it rarely had the formula I needed. However, it is fun to read, so if 
Unscientific. Lots of pretty pictures, but there is no evidence that any of these creatures will exist in the future. The concepts of things like the Ocean Phantom have no 
On Beauty. I was really disappointed in this book. I had heard such rave reviews but it definitely was a book I struggled through and only finished since I bought 
don t rush to do any of this. Ric still assumes you can get 10 on investments. Right. And your Enron retirement plan will keep you cozy until you re 
Straight Line Depreciation, from Five Stars to Two. This book was probably five stars when it was published - in 1997. However, too much has changed since then, obviously through 
Hannity and this book are an example of nonthinking. American lives. Hannity receives his talking points every day from the RNC, and then repeats them like the Summoner from Canterbury 
Was she really that GOOD of a mother?. I don t feel that Miller made much of an attempt to prove that Anna was in fact a good mother. Like 
Not my idea of a good time. I found Lewellen to be very wordy and dry. I read the book for Contemporary Anthropological Theory at my university and had to 
Very Poorly Written. This book is very poorly written. There are a number of flash backs that if my teacher hadn t pointed out, no one would have that it 
This IS a Rehash of the CMMI v 1.1 document. As the lead in implementing CMMI within my organization I was very disappointed in the contents of this book. It 
Thin and Padded Out. I ve always enjoyed Sara Paretsky s novels, despite the left-wing preaching. In the past this has been subordinated to character & plot. But not here. 
I hate this book. This is one of the worst books I have ever read. I understand that is fine writing, but the book is tasteless. I find Rodriguez arrogant 
Horrible mistake in regards to PERSIAN GOLF . What the hell is going on... I wonder wich rich royal family in the mid-east has funded this unbeleivable mistake!!!For your info, 
Delusional at best. Welcome to the SEALs where author James Watson could be expected to lie, cheat and steal to get the job done. PROVIDED THAT JOB WAS DRINKING! If 
Horrid. This book is the biggest pile of excrement ever written. It is also full of cryptic run on sentences that waste paper and ink. This book should not be 
If I could give a 0 I would do it!. I am a graduate student and a software developer with 5 years of experience in the industry. It may not 
Entertaing, thought-provoking, but kind of silly. The Future of War predicts US dominance of warfare throughout the 21st Century, as a result of US advanced technology in general and precision 
Potentially good plot but sloppily written. This is a book by JA Jance? This book took a potentially good storyline plot and made it seem stupid because it was so 
Didn t do it for me. The author writes well, but the stories are just a little too absurd to be interesting. The first story is quite good, but the 
Biased and unbalanced. This book is badly written and not based on much logic. The arguments are entirely unconvincing  
Choose another book. Me and my boyfriend found this book to be slanted toward the Jewish person who is having trouble with the mixed relationship. I think this is a 
easy money maker for author!!. since their are not many digital photography books for instructors,they pick what they think will fit the bill-it s irritating when they don t even 
Left me empty. My kids started reading the Left Behind Kids books, and because I was concerned about the message and theology of the books, I started reading them also. 
Rose REd. I have admittedly not read the book BUT the TV movie was a steal on The Haunting of Hill house  
where s the action. If you are looking for a book with action, I wouldn t recommend this book. Though some people under age 9 will like it, I must 
Painful to read. I have enjoyed Baldacci s work before but this book was simply awful. I couldn t believe any of the characters and the storyline was terrible. I 
Tedious Reading..... In the beginning this book seemed to have potential. It told of the direct Msonic influence present in the foundation of the Untied States. This was the preface. 
Couldn t wait to put it down. All the ingerdients for a satisying space opera - put together, as dull, dull, dull  
Porn movie?. Reading this book is like watching a porn movie: all sex and no plotline.Another thing I found unbelievable is that Helen took back her maiden name and became 
Pandering to the greed in all of us... Readers would be better served by reading &#34;The Intelligent Asset Allocator&#34;, which has the same core recommendations with regard to saving and 
Seconding the review by Skisko . I agree 100 with this review. The premise behind the book has great promise; but is a very painful read and a great disappointment 
Disappointing. I picked up this book hoping it would live up to its title, but what I found was that it was rather boring and lacking in character development. The 
Almost one too many. The third book of the Bourne trilogy just does not stand up to The Bourne Identity. He lost his character! He never comes close to bringing 
Survivor in Death. the beginning of this book was excellent, but dont be fooled, the first few chapters are the only decent part of this book. the rest of the 
Just plain horrible. If you re looking for writing that is as clever or as witty as Dean Koontz s, take one pace back away from this book. If you 
Theocratic Trash!!!!!!!!!!. Leon R. Kass, M.D., P.h.D., is chairman of the President George W. Bush s Council on Bioethics. This book was intelligently written without any reference to religion but 
Don t waste your time. I very much looked forward to the ending of this book not to see what would happen but so that I could be done with 
The Victorians. A densely packed book with many bits of interesting information but terribly organized and loaded with names, places, institutions not properly identified that are complete blanks to a 
Not what I expected.....Slow, boring.... After reading and liking the Analyst, I picked up the madman s tale. I found it slow, boring, a little confusing....The 100 pages were good.... 
For Trophy Wife Want To Be s. I had completely forgotten about this book until a friend mentioned it the other day in her drunken St. Patties stupor. This book 
Interesting but Lacking. This is a good book for someone who has never delved into the subject. I find that it follows the same track as others in making the 
A worthless book. Home made and thoughtless. Interesting only for its defense of the slaughter in Tiananmen square.  
Surely Not Noir -- Simply an Unanswerable Mystery. King certainly lends a high-profile to this collection of latter-day noir writing and tough-guy procedurals, but I believe he created something a 
Simply awful!. Let me start by saying that many will think this review is not helpful and I don t care.Have I read this book? No.Did I spend the worst 
Inevitable Surprises. Good current trend analysis. Personal political bias reflected. Technical errors: Thinks methane is a fuel - it is not, Thinks is clean - actually causes more pollution to 
Painfully bad writing. I was assigned this book as preparation for an A.P. English class, and I was incredibly disappointed with it. Although it features some stirring stories of bravery 
Not the book to buy. I cannot recommend this book. Each chapter is written by a different author or authors. Some of those chapters are extremely good. Others are very 
Blue Light. Walter Mosley is normally a detective writer, known for his Easy Rawlins stories. Blue Light is a diversion into a genre that would fall somewhere between science fiction 
Trying to finish it. This book is very hard to read. Excruciatingly painful in dull plot as well as the overly wordy text. I am going to finish it as 
Glad to be done with it. Predator is the worst book I have read in 2 months I read a lot of books . It is too dis-jointed and incongruous 
Horrible. This book is horrible. It is not true to the original classic stories! Most of the endings, of the stories I ve read so far, are different. I don 
Threw it Away. The good first. There is a lot of good. I enjoyed and agree with every chapter except the chapter about men keeping a visual rolodex of sexual 
Not far enough. The Wisdom of Menopause provides an accurate description of what happens to a woman s body during and after ovarian failure menopause . This book describes in 
Master of Mixed Metaphors. Don t believe the hype. This book is not a masterpiece, but if you are able to stick through the piles of metaphorical images that are 
A Tale of One City Would Have Been Plenty. Dont buy this book! Or buy it and tear it in two pieces because it is much to long. Wow I 
Sex belongs in the bedroom NOT in the library!!!!!!!. This book is filthy. I had to take a shower after I read it. Why doesn t he get a job? 
Boring textbook. I had to buy this book for a class. It is an extremely boring read and I struggle to keep myself awake while reading it as does the 
Not what I thought this would be. Like other reviewers listed here, I thought this book would focus on the trials and tribulations of cooking recipes that are half-a-century old 
An Unproven Thesis. The title appears to be a ripoff of Pete Hammil s book, Why Sinatra Matters . A more accurate title to this book would be, Why New 
Errors, errors. This book allots much space to stuff you find everywhere - what is a pivot table, for example - and on matters of conjecture and taste -does a 
Badly written. Badly written book  
Why?. I ve never understood DnD s reasoning in any of its incarnations for building the particular planar structure that it uses for all is worlds. if the Greeks and 
nothing stirs up hate like calling people nazis. authors should find real jobs instead of creating witchhunt after witchhunt looking for those evil militia people who want to blow up 
Cute pictures, but... I m expecting my first child, and my mother gave me this book because she knows I like animals especially the cute babies! After reading the book, 
Ideological Claptrap. As a professional art historian who teaches twentieth century art at public university, I find this book to be virtually worthless. Not only do the authors leave out 
It s a Comic Strip!. Man, was I disappointed. This book is a comic strip. It may have had a lot of meaning, to those involved at the time it 
Have not read the book, and no desire to. I just have something to say to those arguing on this review page --- Wicca is a peaceful religion. However, just 
Poor excuse for a thriller. Rising Sun was a terrible read. Crichton uses one device throughout: the old hand knows everything an hour before the young guy and slowly reveals 
title misleading. there was hardly any mention of Pixel the cat, it was alot of dialog, tried to resemble a fast paced action book, but I found myself skimming over 
I expected more... Another book I read for class. I knew a little about Margery Kempe beforehand, like she had 14 children. I didn t know that the first autobiography 
More harm than good. Although I appreciate that the author would share her story of moving from a scary M.S. diagnosis to a more positive health path, I found this 
From 1963 - Info now on the Internet. The article that the author originally published appears as an appendix in this book reprinted in 1988. Although the author is to 
Not Catherine s best book. I love Catherine Coulter books but this one was disappointing at best. The formula for the book which involves female slavery has been used over 
Corrupted analysis. You ll never get the straight story about nationalism out of Eric Hobsbawm, who himself appears to try to reconcile his own ethnic identity with the topic. David 
no no no not this book. If you know x.p. pro in supporting enviroment then this book will be good for you. but if you are new to the helpdesk 
patient of ellen cutler. We all know that close friends, relatives or colleagues who have something to gain write the 5 stars critics. They are really objective.This book is a 
An odyssey into dodgy cultural analysis. This is simply one of the worst books on horror I ve ever read.Before you purchase this book, know what you are getting: the 
some useful information, but disappointing on the whole. I m a big fan of Dan Poynter s book The Self-Publishing Manual, so I expected that this book would be of 
760 Pages of Torture. Would you stand in line at an Applebee s for three hours in order to eat a hamburger when you could get a hamburger just as 
The Economist?. I agree with much that has been said about PJ s pathetic attempt at explaining economics. PJ is a humorist and should stick with that. In fact, if 
 Fear the Offense . I really hoped this book would live up to its promising title. Unfortunately it turned out to be not only all over the place in 
bought it based on review in Saveur. I bought this book based on a review in Saveur. It did not give me the information that I wanted and at 50 
Wish I could get my money back... As a strong proponent of attachment parenting and a rather radical unschooler, this book was a BIG disappointment!!! I bought this book after 
Read the KJV please. This bible is not the true GOD S Word. It has been changed too much. I believe that the KJV is the true Bible. God died 
This book should be classified under Historical Fiction. This book is one goofy rumor after another. With hardly any verifiable sources, Epstein goes crazy throwing out every possible conspiracy idea 
A New Low for B.S. Brad Sugars . This shows all the hallmarks of another rigging of the review process by shameless spruiker Brad Sugars.Notice all 5 star reviewers have 
Horrifying hero ..!!!. I would have rated this book with no star if I could. Severin was such a horrific character. Forget about the rape scene, what about the one 
Research and Theory Construction. This book s title shows that qualitative research is its primary subject, and developing grounded theory is its secondary subject. The opposite is true in the 
The Chocolate War. The chocolate warThe chocolate war was one of the best books I have ever read...NOT! The chocolate war portrayed a very inappropriate scene. The boy jerry was 
GREAT MIND SERIES IS ABRIDGED!?? or at least incomplete . Another reviewer is correct in that there are SIGNIFICANT PORTIONS of the book missing in the Great Minds Series green 
&quot;Wartime America&quot;. This book took me three months to read. It was so dry and boring it put me to sleep. The book contains no charts, no photos, nothing but 
Useless. This is a bizzar of prorietary code TradeStation Language , and 20 yrs old fortran code at the Appendix. I am wondering who will be using this code? Lot 
cliched, predictable. I haven t read any of the real Robert Ludlum before, but I don t think I will be starting if this is his style.The action scenes, with 
Hard to Read. Loved his other books but this was all over the place, hard to read, and to apply  
Who is really writing these??. I ll be honest, the last three novels have me thinking that Patricia Cornwell has sold off the franchise of her name- the voice the 
Mark s Standard Handbook for Mechanical Engineers. I have a slightly older copy and I have found that for the PE exam this is a good reference however, if you 
Factually inaccurate. If I were in Hoboken, having a Chicken Emergency, I wouldn t panic. It is hard to feel empathy for Arthur, the main character in this engaging but 
Really bad. Gee whiz, this is just a not so great book. The problems are much harder than the actual GRE and test abstruse stuff and your knowledge of specific 
Poorly written self help garbage. Snakes on a plane: the book.If you ve just read Dawkins books such as The Selfish Gene or The Blind Watchmaker and think this might 
Another Tim O Brien sham. Another book that is written like hearing a narrative. I would not recommend this bok for any reader  
Not my first choice. I m sorry to say, mr. Beitler appears to be a really nice guy, but the book is often basic, broad and opinions are not always 
Not Exactly Faithful. During Season Three of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer, viewers were introduced to Faith, a bold Slayer who loved breaking the rules and testing the 
Remote spewing. I first came across the subject of remote viewing one night as I was switching tv channels and found a show about psychic spying . Imagine my shock 
I should have watched the movie. I had to read this book for school. I thought I would love it, but it turns out I was WRONG. This book was 
Unlimited Power is so much better. I read this book several years ago. Just recently, I read Anthony Robbin s Unlimited Power. If you re choosing between Awaken the Giant 
Interesting subject matter, bad book. The subject of the is book is very interesting, so I struggled through to the end with plenty of skimming , but this guy can 
Hillariously Nonsensical Plagiarism. The worst book ever written about the Middle East is probably Joan Peters From Time Immemorial; in this book Alan Dershowitz not only attempts to usurp that 
Don t judge a book by its cover. I bought this book for my Pre-K class, to go along with our weather unit on Rain. The cover looked so nice 
pass. The author s method of &quot;revealing...deeper organizational characteristics&quot; is to arbitrarily circle arbitrary sets of notes, assign them meaningless names like &quot;4-17&quot;, and make trivial assertions about the integers 
Nazi apologist. While not specifically apologizing for the nazis, what this author is essentially doing, is making the incredible argument that it is somehow wrong to make war on, or 
There are better books. Deepak is looking at God through India glasses, tinted differently than rose-colored perhaps, but definitely different than the God I know and love. There are better 
Unanswered Prayers. Having never read a book by Danielle Steel but seen and liked a few of the movies adapted from her novels, I was looking forward to reading Answered 
Agree with Scott Tessier. This book was assigned in a graduate level international relations class. While the aim of the book is laudable - to give practical solutions to foreign 
Disappointed. I have read many of James Patterson s books and have never been disappointed. This book however, was a big let down. I almost didn t finish reading the 
False facts, uninformed, waste o dough. If you want to believe an illusion, go for it. Some readers say he is well informed. Whoa. This guy talks about science without 
Boots. The original. He was kind of cool, but now he ain t; people using his backwardness against us. Forget this dude, or perish. 1896 speech was a total sell 
A Not-So-Practical Guide to New Urbanism. The suburban landscape of the United States is the subject of this book, advertised as the first practical guide to creating communities that truly 
It s awful!. I read this book this last year in highschool for English class. It was awful! First of all it s really confusing and second of all it 
Not what I expected. After purchasing this book, I found that most of the TVP products needed to be purchased from an online store rather than making it yourself. Unless 
Ho hum. After a promising start the entire story moved along with such linear precision that it may have been written by a mathematician. Never did it deviate from a 
Historically significant..but that s about it. I gave this book 2 stars because it is historically significant to understand the thinking of the gender feminists of the 1960s.I also found 
bias, baloney and balderdash. Astonishing to see Amazon promoting this anti-Israel, anti-semitic book, from an organisation that prides itself on just those prejudices. This book skews history, totally ignoring the 
Did not hold my attention. Three gal pals bride-to-be Rachel, commitment-phobe supermodel Yaslyn, and newly divorced Carrie Ann head to the sunny shores of a Turkish resort for a relaxing 
Overrated. This is by far the most known novel Bryce has written, and there isn t much to comment unfortunately. It s a classic in Peru as far as I 
The Assassin Trail Stops At The Feet Of One Murderer -- Lee Harvey Oswald. The late Jim Garrison s book On The Trail Of The Assassins was in large part 
Filled with errors. This has been a great reference book for years, but hasn t been getting better, instead getting filled with more and more errors. The new Fiesta, Harlequin, 
Eh--- not so much. I am a doctoral candidate and basically this book is not telling me how to write my dissertation and complete it giving 15 minutes a day 
Not a book I would recommend for tequila aficionados. In my opinion to flashy, they are only taking advantage of the popularity of tequila, you can not even find it 
Interesting, but.... While this is a well researched and thought-provoking piece of literature, I do have some critical comments to make.Firstly, it is apparent that the author s own holocaust 
Pretty crappy in my opinion. Not only are the things listed in this book cheap trinkets but most everything in the book you have to pay 1.00 or 2.00 for. 
Not sure who the intended audience is. I have an extensive math background and found this book tough to read. Not because the math described is particularly complicated it is 
Good book for a historian. I love camping and eating by the fire and was looking for a good book on dutch oven cooking. This book is not it.The back 
Another Bogus Book from Coren. Do dogs understand language? Do they have their own syntax and grammar? Stanley Coren thinks so. Or maybe, as with many of his other books, 
Sean Hannity should be arrested. When the truth about 911 is known he must not escape justice. He is a criminal and must be treated like one. Christian Peper  
Unable to deliver. Unable to deliver this calendar, Now I have been told that it will be until March 2006 until I might receive it. Imcompetant compan  
If you need a book like this, you can do better. I have two books currently which are much better than this one. I m not really interested in spending 
I d laugh if it weren t so pathetic. Book starts of with Is this a Con? like it s a hint of what s to come. Childish stories about 
Kessinger Publishing s Version is horrible print-wise!!. THIS REVIEW IS ABOUT THIS PUBLISHERS EDITION NOT ABOUT THE BOOKS CONTENT ITSELF.If you want to know about the content--- be aware that 
Head in the Clouds. This is a fantastic book for those people who are slowly losing their grip on reality. While some of the basic underlying concepts are good I 
Love for a Lifetime: Building a Marriage That Will Go the Distance. I found this book to not only be shallow and poorly written, but also insidiously demeaning to women. 
A story betrayed by it s author. Maybe at the time it was written I would have reviewed it more favorably. In light of the life Miller led I can 
MEDIOCRE. I read this book, it was okay but the story flashed back to much, and I couldn t folow all of it but I read all of it anyway. 
Very Disappointing. We were recommended this book by our pastor as a part of our reading for premarital counseling. While it does contain good information on the basics of male 
Reverse Racism is not the answer. Referring to nice white people as demons who are just trying to hold the black man down is not an answer to racism. Akil 
Laughable cliches, horrible EGO... There are numerous, laughable cliches peppered throught this novel. One example that actually had me giggling out loud in embarrassment for the writers was where we 
Proofreader Needed !. The layout and content of this book is perfect for the individual who basically understands project management but wants to forego a more massive text to pass 
More government propaganda. We can add this book to the numerous articles done by CNN,ABC and NBC and the many other government mouthpieces that have given us plenty of sensationalism 
It was so-so. I found the book had some ideas that helped, but it was unrealistic in many ways. I am spiritual, but I didn t appreciate the religious opinion 
Individualism without mercy and without pity. Ayn Rand s fictional story about when the engine of the world stopped is rather poorly written. The philosophical perspective presented in some of 
No help at all. This book did not teach me anything and was a waste of money. page 364: Principles of Long term investing: Chapter 8 shows that among the 
Terrible. It s boring, slow and dull... and stupid. Turn of the Century is so boring and slow moving that it s not worth reading. In the first half of 
Disturbing statements about homosexuality. For one thing Cantor claims the ancient Greeks were so gay. I dipute that. I think ancient Greeks were just living in a very temperature-wise hot, 
A Complete Time Waster. To appreciate Bill Porter s life and success it is far better to see him portrayed in the movie Door To Door featuring William H. Macy. 
His other books are better. Once Upon a Time is a lament of the loss of the old ways. While it does have Sloane s trademark illustrations and observations, it 
149 VS 92. There are 149 5 star reviews and 92 one star reviews. This is more representative than an analysis based only on the last 20 reviews. But what 
Trite tripe. This is a sad effort and sadder still that these ideas were published. The fact that any publisher believes that readers of social history would be interested in 
Racist, Misogynist, and Dated. These writings seem quaint and offensive by today s standards. These are wholly disappointing stories from a mediocre writer, like a second-rate Steinbeck. Cooper seems completely 
Good Characters, Bad Mystery. I always like to give new authors a chance, so I read &quot;When Death Comes Stealing&quot; hoping for a good mystery. What I got were 2 
Mixed bag---a few bombshells, but mostly hyperbole. This 1 4 thick, 4x6 index card of a book touts itself as a take-no-prisoners expos when it is, in fact, merely a 
Dreadful. Nathalie Dupree is an adoptive Southerner -- she was born in New Jersey. Now there s nothing wrong with that; we welcome everyone down here, but she is not 
Disappointing. Anyone who has read Cosmopolitan has read this book! It is little more descriptive than the popular mag and the photos look VERY STAGED which they are .  
over it. Okay so I thought this book was supposed to be really great, but when I read it, it seemed very outdated; almost as if it were written hundreds 
Talk is for sissies CM will tell you why in 300 pages . Having read All the Pretty Horses, Blood Meridian, and now The Crossing, I feel a little compelled 
Movie Guide. The book is comprehensive. Very seldom you try to look up a picture or video which is not in the book. The reviews are sometimes too short, however, 
Buy something else. I ve been doing the E&E books in preparation for law school, and they ve all been accessible and comprehensible. This one, however, is the exception. Maybe 
History with a flare. I enjoyed this book because of the way she blended history with a good story that keep you readin  
An interesting science book by a reporter. For the most part, the author seems to have pretty good information for the time of the book s printing, but for anyone 
Chomsky: the CIA s favourite dissident. Chomsky s pseudo-dissidence is revealed by, among many other lies found throughout his oeuvre, his repeated insistence upon the CIA s unwavering fidelity to 
No Wit- No Sense-No Vote. This book was not enjoyed by either of my children. It is so ridiculous that children in the age range for whom its written think 
EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED. I am sorry I bought this book. Perhaps the author has an artistic vision which works for her, but these photos of her quilts look very amateurish. The 
class mothers lacks class. This is a very superficial, shallow, juvenile novel seemingly written in haste to take advantage of the motherhood boomlet and the success of books like The 
Torrid and frustrating. I generally really like well-researched historical fiction, and have been a big fan of Dorothy Dunnett and Philippa Gregory though the latter takes a lot of liberties 
does this book help you make money...no. i have read just about every popular book on horserace betting and the acid test is: does it help beat the races?the name 
Dislike. I did not like the book because it skip around too much between characters. I could not understand the characters. It wasn t really abour roller skating. I just 
Disappointing, to say the least. The Pursuit is a sequel to Johanna Lindsey s wonderful love story Love Me Forever. In this book, Lachlan and Kimberly s daughter Melissa is 
This book is very misleading!. &quot;A Medieval Feast&quot; is a children s book on a feast held during the Middle Ages. Since I was looking for a book on Medieval 
A Too Early McBain. The Gutter and the Grave is a re-issue of an early McBain who had not quite hit the stride that makes him an immortal of the 
what s the real price to our society?. Lent to me cause I m such a mystery fan. But I couldn t get over the fact that Anne Perry is 
Disappointing. I have loved many of Jodi Picoult s other books, but this one seemed too far-fetched. I did not feel the evil depicted in the comic book drawings was 
Disappointed. By reading all of the other reviews I thought that this book would be right up my alley, and the actual story line was, but the execution of the 
Nothing particularly new here. This is just another themed deck that adds nothing special to the Rider Waite family of imagery. Yes the pictures have an Eastern flaire...the insights pretty 
Tedious and Boring and self-centered. Oh my gosh. This book starts out tedious and self-centered and just gets worse with each page. When the guy describes how he throws a 
This is not the original story. This is a shorter, much simplified version of the original story that was published by Pantheon books in 1983. I m not sure what 
fun read, lots of hyperbole, quite biased, selectively documented. trying to make an exciting context, the author exaggerates and connects dots that are not ther  
More legal charges problems for Dr. Almy!. Here are some additional charges brought against Dr. Gary Almy See Chicago Tribune 5 March 2005 . Hardly the work of a Christian 
an innocent abroad jilts Clio. Christopher Catherwood, a professor affiliated with Cambridge University s Institute of Continuing Education, has written this book on the modern history of what has come 
fun read, lots of hyperbole, quite biased, selectively documented. trying to make an exciting context, the author exaggerates and connects dots that are not ther  
what!. i don t why anybody liked this book. the story line wasn t bad it was just that is was way to vague and not enough interaction with the 
Waste of Time. If you do not have infinite patience DO NOT buy this book. While it contains over 800 pages of nutritional information and is very comprehensive it has 
This just sucked. I think I m done with the Mrs. Murphy books. This one was so bad I couldn t even finish it. I actually threw it away. It 
no!. Bill, when will you just die?if you read this feel free to email meevan.fett@gmail.co  
A Perfect Letdown. I ve read over 150 thrillers mysteries during the past 5 years and this novel ranks as one of the five worst. The story is a complete 
Warning!! Bobke Triple Regurgitation Fraud!!. I am a big fan of Bob Roll, ever since watching him face plant in a NORBA race at Big Bear. After enjoying his column 
Couldn t have gotten any worse!. I couldn t put this book down, not because it was so good mind you, but because I wanted to see just how bad 
Same as the blog... but fun if you haven t read it. Ditto another reader s observations on this. If you ve been reading along with the blog these past 
Dissapointed. I watched this movie in Religion and was dissapointed that it didn t follow the book. I read the book as a child and saw almost every version of 
Civilized Discourse Leaves Discontented Reader. There isn t much I can add to previous reviews of Civilziation and Its Discontents. My own reaction after 2 cracks at it, one in 
Disappointing. Monday morning, on release day of this book, I stopped by a B&N to pick up this book. When they didn t have it, I drove an hour to 
Not an impressive diet book. tells you nothing you don t already know and really didn t offer much advise  
Junie B. Jones Cheater Pants. Junie B.Jones came back to school and she forgot to do her homework and the teacher called her up in front and told Junie B.what 
Come back later. Even though this is a popular version of the theory, with the considerable advantage of being by Einstein himself, it is not so easy as the presentation 
Sorry, Rey. Sorry, Rey. I see you took the time to write a review. Next time I lend you abook I ll be sure to read it more closely first 
Old book - Old Ideas. I bought and examined this book thoroughly. There are so many old concepts I wonder whether the author has ever re-read its current second edition. 
I hope I ll be able to find something better than this book. I have found this book very difficult to enjoy. To begin with, the first chapter is spent 
Good Plot---Poorly Written--Almost Annoying. While Black and Blue does bring to light and make the readers aware of the depths and secrets involved in spousal abuse, it is rather difficult 
Hocus Pocus. Investing world we heard Warren Buffett 57-69 Dow 152 Buffett Partnership 2794.9 , Charles Munger 62-75 Dow 96.8 C.M. Partnership 1156.7 , Bill Ruane S&P 14yr 70-84Q1 270 
know where your information is coming from... i have not read this book, i stumbled across the listing on amazon and looked at it, so i can t actually comment 
Incredibly Biased!. The China Threat references President Clinton, ALWAYS in a negative manner, almost as much as China - despite this edition having been written after President Bush took office 
Unendurable. This book was on somebody s Amazon.com LISTMANIA for Sea Turtles, so I hunted it down. It is only vaguely about sea turtles, in that it is set on 
After race. After reading this book I ve decided to write a book called: No More Blackness How the Hip-Hop Culture moved back to Africa.  
Find better information online. I m not even going to go into how basic and well... bad this book is. I recommend you go search some free websites on how 
The unaware Zapruder filmed a closed-set staged-event. It was filmed before a live audience .When some of the witnesses , didn t respond to the gunshots and the aftermath,it just 
NAMBLA Members Line up For Blocks to Get This!. Now that Hannity has gone on the record as a pedofilia apologist and defender of child molestation. Thank God for Hannity! 
OK but need to know astral projection. This book is fair. It assumes you can astral project. Most of the advanced subjects are for use when you astral project. The 
Horrible. After reading Inheritance of Loss, I immediately turn to read Salman Rusdie as a way of reminding myself what great Indain writing is.This novel is awful. It seems that 
wannabe. Mr Davidar thought he was writing the great Indian novel. Unfortunately, what came out at the end was a schoolboy effort, characterized by Raj cliches, prose that sounds like 
The Listless Word-Finder. This was an extremely frustrating book to read. There were many gaps in the word lists. The two letter word list only contained 85 of the 96 
Scattered, Repetitious, Vague. I ve always admired Norman Cantor as a historian. However, this book is terrible. It is scattered--I could never tell what was coming next or how ideas 
This is the worst Cat Who... book yet!. This is the most boring book I ve read in the series! I ve read all her books and I couldn t 
oops!. I bought this book on a friend s recommendation. If I had been in a book store and could have read a page or two I would have known 
Airy-fairy stuff. I believe that life is too short and books that really deserve to be read too plentiful not to mention movies worth watching, games worth playing, ... for 
1 star and for good reason. Take advice from somebody who is able to easily win over others easily. The advice and beliefs shown in this book are just wrong.If 
bad language.. please away.. I ve studied in IT major and my professor use this book as the main text for this subject. Even though I m not English USA 
The only dummy is the person who buys this book. Just read the 7th edition--it only took a couple of hours to go through it. It is a schill for 
Misguided attack. Mr. Horowitz has a valid thesis -- that classical music in the United States was taken over by commercial interests -- but he subverts that thesis in an 
Carr promises the earth, the moon and the stars but of course he cannot deliver . Once again, Carr s central truth is: To know how the addiction works is 
Left Behind Series. The Left Behind series is the best reading I have ever read. I admit my reading is not all that much, but when I read the very 
missing book. today i have not received this book yet.could you inform me when this book would be delivered, please  
My first - and LAST - Kinsey Milhone debacle!. It s tempting to spoil the end of this novel in order to describe how BAD it truly is, but Ms. 
Hopefully This Series Will Improve!. Unlike Cussler s other series, I found this first story of the Oregon Files slow going at first and rather confusing. There are just too 
Not for the Vegan Baker. First, this looks to be an excellent book -- if -- you eat eggs and dairy. If you follow a plant based diet, this is 
A big disappointment. After all the rave reviews, I thought this would be a great book on practice management. What I got was a book by Deena Katz on Deena 
Complete???. I was very disapointed that the cards were not the most current. With the publication date of October 2002, and this coinciding with the release of Onslaught, I thought 
Follow up on Amit Gupta s review. I totally agree with Amit s review. For a practitioner s perspective Bruce Tuckman s Fixed Income Securities: Tools for Today s Markets 
Special Topics in Calamity Physics. This seemed very pretentious, with an unnecessary amount of literary references. It was convoluted and felt like wading through mud - difficult to get through 
Propaganda and a lousy thesis. If my eleventh grade son had written this book, I would have given it a D-.When Rashid Khalidi write it, it gets a triple F.The 
deceptive advertising. 101 Bulletin Board Ideas is the only item I have bought from Amazon that displeased me. It is religious in nature, yet there was no mention of that 
Inelegant, ill-written and unreliable. Having read Kerry Downes standard monographs on Hawksmoor, Du Prey s &quot;Architecture and Theology&quot; is very disappointing. Du Prey does not, to begin, bring the book 
Wolf in Sheep Skin. If you are a Christian, this book isn t for you. It is full of blashphemy, concluding that we must ... forgive God and that we 
Very disappointing. This is the story of Cassie, who is found wandering helplessly in a cemetery by a young Indian policeman who just arrived in LA. Cassie suffers from amnesia 
Somewhat........ terrible. To start with, I have seen pretty much all of the Wolf s Rain anime, I may have missed a few episodes and it wasen t all that 
Superficial, irrelevant, and irritating. Let s see - I graduate from law school at age twenty, work as an attorney, a real estate developer, venture capitalist, and a banker over 
Disappointing. Katzenbach is a good writer. His The Analyst is one of the best thrillers I ve read. And Hart s war and The Madmans Tale are well written gripping 
Not one of Irving s best. I am a big John Irving fan and have read almost all of his novels. This book was a big disappointment for me, though. 
The Low GI Diet Cookbook: 100 Simple,. I did not like most of the recepies that were in the book. They were too exotic for me. A couple of the 
waste of time. I think when Silvia first started writing she was good but I m sorry her last few books including this one are sarcastic and weak. The depth 
Do NOT Read This Book. Do not read this book. I attempted to read this book for a college class. This book should be cut down to the size of 
Un-informative. The book is not good. It claims to be about the &quot;Director s Vision&quot;, but each exposition is mostly made up the authors personal feelings about one film of 
A terrible text. This book is dreadful. My students hate it and I m sorry I ever subjected them to it because it makes music and music education seem completely 
MISSING THE BOOK. The problem with this book is that the author completely overlooks the culpability of the U.S. in the acts of genocide discussed. The U.S.bombing of Cambodia although 
Cult Propoganda. The truth is that a newly-sober alcoholic named William Griffith Wilson -- a down-on-his-luck former Wall Street hustler who put on airs of having once been a prosperous 
Sloppy by and large. Some chapters the basic Spring are ok even good. Many advanced topics are covered in a sloppy manner. Further the editing is generally bad. I must 
insidious. . . . and I use the word in its strictest sense: more harmful than is apparent. The only reason Esposito has been able to rise to the heights 
Drivel. As a huge fan of Chiefs , Stuart Woods first novel, I decided to give Dark Harbor a try. What I found was a predictable plot, gratuitous sex, and 
A Good Compilation of early 20th century Physics. This is a good book, but most are under the impression that Einstein actually CREATED the content of the book.Einstein actually compiled 
Needs a more clear diet section, this was not worth buying. I have read on Hypothyroid and this is not the book I was looking for, as to help me 
Good concept, badly written. Like all James Patterson s books, this was a good story idea, but poorly executed. Patterson s characters are interesting and his plot lines are clever, 
All reading and unclear pictures. Usually when I buy an exercise book I expect clear concise directions and maybe a picture to illustrate what exactly the correct form would be. 
Unbelievable.... Waller is usually awesome...but I think he missed it on Puerto Vallarta Squeeze. Not that I wasn t entertained, because I was...in a mindless sort of way. The book 
Heart Healthy. Excellent book. Gives background information about a heart healthy diet and some excellent recipes. I love it  
Couldn t finish this one. It s rare that I don t finish a book. I realized after getting 1 3 of the way through it that I just couldn 
Tamar Jacoby needs to come to her senses. The Melting Pot has worked for 200 years.Just because an Invasion of Illegals has brokenour borders,our prisons,our hospitals,our schools,laughed at our laws 
non-delivery of order. i have not recieved this book. i have had surgery and forgot about it. can you please chec  
Not one of Patterson s better novels. This novel highly disappointed me and I m a big James Patterson fan. The usual short chapters don t bother me, but this 
It Bites the Big Croque!. Horrid. Just Horrid  
The Labrador Shooting Dog. If you like stories then this is the book for you. Gould does not discuss training until you are half way through the book. The training 
Not as good as others here suggest. The Maverick guide to Bermuda didn t meet the high expectations set by other reviews here.There isn t a whole lot to the 
200 Pages of Total Immersion Italian. The is by far the weakest Grisham novel I ve ever read. The first two hundred pages creep along at a glacial pace as 
Not very helpful after the first chapter. Had I realized that this book was less about business and more about this man s faith I would not have bothered. He 
On Drugs. I give this book one star as there was nothing lower to choose from. Save your money. This book is not worth either your time or your money. 
NOT TO SURE~!. This book was a definite let down fo me.This book was good but not terrific. after reading best sellers like Why we want you to be rich 
Low-end. I study leadership, politics in business organisations and emotional transactions. I bought this book thinking it would be factual, conclusive and real. On the other hand I found it 
Fast start to boring predictability. I was very excited to read this book. And I was immediately enticed right into the story. I loved the color of the story, the 
Buyer beware. This is the only book I have ever given a bad rating. This book not only has useless information on the occult but has a negative and unappealing 
Un-inspired attempt. This is an un-successful follow-up to Culture matters . Cases are generally boring, and attempt to answer the how culture matters failed. We will have to wait for 
Ridiculous waste of time. I had high hopes for this book. I was sorely disappointed. The author kept going on and on with his theories about why the Roman Empire 
agree with father - a giant step backwards. This wonderful insighfull Dad mentioned women in Afghanastanprogressing,well actually in the future they will probablyprogress way beyond American women since they aren 
Boycott Robert G. Allen!!!. Robert G. Allen is a notorious and relentless internet spammer. If you should happen to somehow end up on one of his email lists like I 
Stereotypical adventure genre. This was my first Wilbur Smith book. I thought it was all right for an adventure genre. There is enough historical research to add color. And it 
If you like hopeless.. This book is for you if you enjoy hopeless and depressing. Also, if you have the ability to enjoy the twist of words without being wrapped 
Mainstream. This book was a disapointment for me. I am going to vacation on the northern California coast this Fall and was hoping to learn something from this book, but 
Good on process, low on recipe s. The book covers the process of smoking well. Good information on brining, sausage making, and processing smoked foods is provided. It lacks fundamental 
Required Reading. Full of holes and alot of overbearing personal philosophy. I found myself crossing out lines of this text, as so much of this is conjecture and hyperbole. The 
Like Jon Stewart, but awful book. Have you ever gotten that embarrassed feeling for someone? Y know, you just want to cringe and make it stop. Well, that s the 
This Rorschach. When a book that is so provably fictional as CROW KILLER is praised repeatedly for being true and accurate, the review says more about the values and fantasies 
Sooo Lifetime!. If you like this book you will probably like Bless the Child by Cathy Cash Spellman. They are very similar. This book can be summed up in one 
Disappointing. I thought this would have more actual crafts inside. I expected the projects to be dated obviously, hence the kitsch factor , but they were plain tacky and a 
Too difficult to obtain these superfoods. I find that it wil not only be a big hassle, which is to be expected, but also expensive and too difficult to find 
I Threw This Book Away. I seem to be in a minority here, but I disliked this book so much I didn t even finish it. It now resides at 
Sorry, it annoyed me. Not that she writes poorly, but Julia Glass completely failed to captivate me with this book. It took me three months to finish it reluctantly , 
Little on Detail, Big on Boring. I love true crime and that s probably the only thing that kept me reading this book. This book provides very little detail on 
Boo-hiss : . This book was disappointing. It s title lead me to believe that it would be an extensive and thorough compilation of most, if not all of the 
A Scientist s Faith in Naturalsim Run Amuk. There is no question that this book is the product of an unbounded thinker of possibilities. Lee Smolin s opening description of 
Im in agreement with Dr Stinkface. im moving over from vb to c#, so naturally I would like to see examples written in c# so I can get the semantics 
Convoluted and lame plot, definitely not his best. I have been reading the Navajo mysteries for the first time, in chronological order. I was sad when each ended, and could 
Just very odd...... This story should have and COULD HAVE been really good. It presents a great concept, but the story is just so poorly crafted. It is VERY sexist, 
Does D.S. know any other law schools besides, Harvard and Yale...I am so tired of her books...this is it. Does D.S. know any other law schools besides, Harvard and Yale 
Boring Boring Boring!. How could anyone sit and read this boring work of fiction. I am actually listening to the audio version and I am almost falling asleep and cannot 
A bit of a disappointment. I have read all of the books in this series prior to reading Sold Out. I enjoyed the series immensely and would have recommended the 
Interesting story, but the writing is awful. Did this woman really receieve a degree in communication? Well, I m not sure what sort of communication it was, but as a 
so disappointing... I am glad I read this book before I saw Johnny Damon in a Yankee uniform, because the book is boring and could have been written by a 
boring tale about flakey mean people. I had to quit reading this book approximately half way through because I had no interest whatsoever in continuing to read about these snobby, 
Where did JA Jance go?. I own and have read all of JA Jance s JP Beaumont and Joanna Brady mysteries and eagerly look forward to the next episodes in 
If you want to win in Vegas don t buy this book. I started playing craps this past year and really enjoy playing the game. Naturally, I wanted to develop 
Overdone. This book is unfortunately as tedious as the last book in this series. The plot and cast of characters are a bit more real than last go round - 
The People, Yes. Sadly, Chicago Poems 1916 , the author s first published work, is the book for which self-styled folk poet Carl Sandburg is best remembered today. The collection 
Not serious, poorly edited, error-filled, but amusing. If you are deeply concerned with what various second or third rate actors and television personalities of 5 to 10 years ago did 
Substandard reading- Not worth your money. This book sounds like a sales person yelling in your ear. The author is NOT an experienced photographer, nor does the author offer any 
They Shaved an Ape and Called Him Sean. Sean Hannity s rise to fame proves that an ignorant illiterate can rise well beyond the level of incompetence in this country, 
You will finish the book. I had to finish it- even though I knew exactly what would happen. He grabbed me at the beginning and I looked forward to reading 
Big disapointment. I was very disapointed in the book.Basicly the writer took bits and pieces from books written by others,twisted their words and put his own spin on it.It repeats 
Lots of footnotes--but not enough. Cutsey and annoying writing wrapped around appealing, but ultimately empty ideas. Nimmons made comparisons when it supported his opinion, but when it wouldn t, he 
No, no, no!. Oh dear. This is a really poor book, and I d advise you to save your money and buy something else.Bourg s first book on game development 
Absence of Content. It is rare to see an author tackle such a rich and interesting subject, and write a book so vapid and lacking in content. The material is 
 Pin the Tale on Brigham : Smoke and Mirrors to Slander Brigham Young. So lets see if this makes sense:-Mormons are forcibly expelled by Missouri Militia Gov. Boggs infamous 
Not worth the .01 ..... Pure rubbish !!. This book is one of Dean Koontz s worst. Not as bad as THE TAKING, but right in there. OK, here is 
It seems so boring to me... to see science used as poetry. As a sequel to Math Curse, you d probably think Science Verse would be equally as good. Actually 
Weak effort. We recently heard Laurie David speak and purchased this book later. I can t say we got much out of it. First, I guess you can say it 
Gregory has done better. I couldn t tell you who this book was about, but it certainly wasn t Elizabeth I. Portrayed by Gregory as a dependent almost stupid neurotic, 
Nothing but a promo for X2 the movie. It reads in the cover that it is the updated edition but it actually cut bios about other mutants that came in 
Needed a hero. Well, considering all the exciting things that have been happening in my life, I was surprised that reading about the life of the universe was so dull. 
Poor Text, Poor Reference. The only thing that comes through cleary in this book is the author s arrogance. The reader will get a very good sense that Lang understands 
Please Stop. If you had a son or daughter take their own life, would you try to profit from it? This is a sad sad story of a sad young 
Only For Children. I m not impressed with this book. It was written quite a while ago. It s not as true to life as most of Heinlein s work... 
Taunts, not facts. Any resemblence between what is stated in this book and what s actually going on in the Middle East is purely coincidental. What the reader gets instead 
Alrighty then... I ve read through Rolling Stone s 500 Greatest Albums guide and it has some real problems, all of which add up to it being extremely unhelpful for 
Too much vernacular. It might have been a good book but I got tired of reading the dis , dat , dem vernacular and finally just gave the book to 
The grunting pig. Having read much of Ann Coulter s book Godless, I was impressed with her energy, but dismayed by her hyperbole. Her basic themes about the Godlessness of 
A Tale.... The novel, A Tale of Two Cities, by Charles Dickens, is a story of love and compassion, which takes place during the beginnings of the French Revolution. Despite 
Mom of 3. After reading this book, I can now see why Washington State s OSPI is in such a terrible state. Could someone please set Washington s educational system 
Misleading. I have been a huge fan of Michael Crichton for about 25 years. However, this book is misleading and dangerous. Almost every respectable scientist in the world now agrees 
Jane Fonda. Anybody who would name Jane Fonda as one of the most important women of the century under any catagory except traitor I would not buy or read any 
The good soldier. I know that I will outrage alot of people with this review but here goes... This is one of only 2 books that I have ever read 
buy it used, or not at all. I ll start out by saying that this book had a co-writer. That s not usually the end of the world, but in 
The most horrible book. This is the worst book that you can have at home. It has a lot of negativism and not good things. For school I have to 
Buyer Beware!. If you suffer from physical problems similar to Ms Selak s, you will find this book useful. If you do not, you will have wasted your money buying 
geez luis. this book wasnt as fantastical as i thought it was going to be. I had heard puzo was a good writer so picked it up and got bored 
Overlong and Overwritten. The message is good. While I strongly agree with the message of this book, I cannot recommend it. The theme of the book is that you need 
Overpriced and of little value. As a former Novell MCNE I was expecting the same excellent coverage Novell provided in their CNE and MCNE certification books, but I was shockingly 
Not a happy book. If you really love cats and hate to hear about them being in pain then dying..DONT READ THIS BOOK.Camuti is very preachy sounding and makes regular 
self-knowledge??. The only paragraphs worth reading are the once Heller got from other books, I d suggest you d read those if you want to know about the Tsangpo s 
Jackie s Wild Seattle By Danielle. Have you ever read a book that has a wildlife shelter, a boy obsessed with natural disasters, a girl that carried a 40-pound seal 
Just bad. This book just drowns in the satire it tries to create. It takes extremely long just to get to the real plot of the story and throughout that 
Thanks to this I ve memorized every truthful word that s come from your mouth. How can one man be endowed with such knowledge, how to cure every single disease 
Pornography! And I normally love Sabrina Jeffries. I won t go into the plot synopsis here, since it s been pretty well outlined by the other reviews. But all I 
Full of Loose ends. Things that didn t go anywhere:The figThe burned notebookthe pile of e crement next to the bodythe cloak in the tree how and why did it 
Ho Hum. Sorry...it s not what I expected. I kept thinking, where is this going??? It just wasn t funny. It reminded me of something written 100 years ago. But 
one long ad for Nike and Brand Jordan. There is no one in sports that I love more than MJ, being a Bulls fan since the 1960s. I still love 
Has been. Found recipes dated, layout makes it difficult to use and although some of the how-to is useful, its generally from another era. Bought Gourmet cook book instead  
Poor Execution. National Geographic Magazine is famous for their excellent photography; it is the very reason I picked up this volume. However, Wide Angle: National Geographic Greatest Places failed to 
It shows its age. I have serious misgivings about the facts presented in this book. The original French text was written in the 20 s. I was given this book 
Don t buy!!. Don t buy this book. The book simply teaches you some basic thoery  
not worth the time. The writing is pedestrian and the plot makes no sense. I thought something might change, that it might become an interesting ghost story, or there might 
Awesomely bad. I have never been a fan of Danielle Steel s books and have only read a couple in my lifetime, and those many years ago. I m not 
If not for Voltaire, THIS book gets burned. Alas, there are not few enough stars to rate this book fairly. It is a vacuous, bad joke. Who picked this small-minded 
Make it stop. Trying to break the cycle of reading a book until the bitter end whether I like it or not and if I like it, there most certainly 
Uneven narrative, couldn t get into it... I thought I was getting a treat with Mortal Love. After all, this interwoven story that starts during Victorian England and ends in 
not worth the paper that it is printed on... What trash and aimless drivel. You ll find more truth at a liars anonymous gathering. This book is not worthy of 
Plot? What Plot? Characters? Don t Me Laugh. I am a big fan of Dick s. His short stories are his strength, his imagination is superb, but this novel is 
awful textbook. Obviously I am a disgruntled chemistry student. I will be graduating Cum Laude this spring, and I just suffered through Quantitative Analysis using this book. The problems do 
A book for women who need God in their lives. Joanna Weaver, the author of Having a Mary Spirit , also wrote Having a Mary Heart in a Martha World. 
It just didn t grab me the way I expected. I actually read this novel about four years ago and didn t really like it, but after reading all the 
lazy and lame book. i ordered this, based largely on the concept, which seemed like a book on gay history that was much needed to fill in the gaps. instead, 
As I read, I was filled with hope. In the end I was disappointed. Throughout the book two separate stories take place. One is a record of Bob Dubois, whose 
Not what I had hoped for... I had heard of the importance, and significance of The Education of Henry Adams for a long time. I finally determined I needed to 
Well.... The writing is very good, but the true and simple test of a novel is to ask oneself these questions: Do I care about the characters? Can I stop 
vaudeville. She seems to have been heavily influenced by both azuza street crowd i.e. much of today s pentecostalism charasmatics i.e. the toronto brownsville blessing a history which is fraught 
Not much of a plot. Oh, dear.I must be missing something here, given the superlative reviews others have written. Where s the plot? Where s the character development? Where s 
worst book i ve ever read. This book was required reading for my advanced placement english class. I consider myself a lover of the written word. I dream of someday 
A Dismal Effort by Dinosaur-of-a-Philosopher. Derrida, the renowned French postmodernist and author of, among other things, Writing and Difference , is at it again in his latest effort, Adieu to 
Everyman s Library edition is also ABRIDGED!!!!. Beware of the Everyman s Library edition of this book green hardcover, ribbon marker, isbn # 0-679-40564-X . Book V dealing with the 
Not Impressed by Cabot. I expected great things from Cabot s books. I was let down. I did not care for her writing style, nor did I find her information 
A map that shows you half the city. It just seems that they forgot one half of the map...????????  
Underwater close encounter of the boring kind. This 1987 thriller focuses on Norman Johnson, a psychologist who specializes in large disasters like plane crashes. As the novel opens he is 
O.k. Interesting to see about the actual people who were involved in the Harlem Renaissance, but the author uses so many names that it gets confusing  
Should have never been written. This book should never have been written as the ending to Hyperion was perfect in my opinion. This story feels rushed and Simmons completely changed 
Very disappointing. This is the story of Cassie, who is found wandering helplessly in a cemetery by a young Indian policeman who just arrived in LA. Cassie suffers from amnesia 
Roughly written. Morris Lamb dies suddenly of what appears to be plant poisoning: his plants. When his house is sold to an Episcopalian priest and her deaf dog companion starts 
Witty yet ultimately shallow. I have to study this play for my A -levels, and would like to inform readers that this play is NOT worth reading. It is filled 
Same old Robicheaux. Despite the beautiful poetic descriptions of nature which are peppered throughout his books, James Lee Burke falls short as a mystery writer. An author shouldn t concentrate 
Disappointed. I was hoping for a book that had actual plans and dimensional drawings of various coops. Instead, this book is more of an ideas book or a grand tour 
Trashy Life Styles of the Rich and Famous. This book relates incidents from the lives of 4 famous women during the 1920s: Edna St. Vincent Millay, Dorothy Parker, Edna Ferber, 
Lecture Bomb ed . Generally I wouldn t review a book I didn t finish. I only got about halfway through this snoozer. Still I tasted the food and it 
a bestseller??. bestseller-Stupid plot-horrible plot-dumb charactersI have one conculsion Matthew reilly was trying to buy up all the copies of this book to save himself from embrassmen  
Pointless. As someone who has read several books on Watergate, I have to ask: why was this published? It contains no new research, no new interviews, no revelations. The entire 
Well thought, poorly written. The quest for the limits of deduction is a well-precedented and exciting topic, and is worth of deep study. If this is your opinion, then this 
Not Good. I m new to the Shannon Drake Vampire series. The first 4 books - 1. Beneath a Blood Red Moon, 2. When Darkness Falls, 3. Deep Midnight and 
Dangerous book for orthodox Christianity. The above book was truly one of the first big people books I read about 2 years ago. This may surprise a few people, but 
Tedious. This has to be the most boring book I have ever read. Well, I haven t quite finished it yet as it s taking forever to push my way 
Will Someone Get This Man an Editor?!?. The Cobra Event is a jarring book, not because of theplausibility of the plot nor because it goes intoexcruciating pains to describe dead 
Illegal surgery and the medical community. The daughter of a prominent Boston doctor is dead, apparently from a botched abortion which was illegal in the late 60 s . Dr. 
Don t Even Bother With This One!. For all those people out there that are required to purchase this book for a class in undergraduate level psychology, you had better 
Big Disappointment!. The storyline and the characters were intriquing enough to keep me reading all the way to the end. However, they were never fully developed and nothing was explained 
Tough read for those new to the subject. This book was first published at the beginning of the century, and the expected audience was educated Englishman. This means that Trevelyan 
Not what I expected. I was looking for a book that showed how to make a cake to look like a character, not how to make a character for the 
An Aggressive Attack on Research and Scholarship. Media Violence and Its Effect on Aggression is a very peculiar book. It is written in the style of H.L. Mencken--but without the 
Tasteless. Wholly unappetizing, to put it in cookbook terms. Thematically ripped off from Dobie Gillis, but without a whiff of the charm and interest of the original. You really don 
Convoluted but almost generic. Clive Cussler made his reputation writing books with plots that are barely believable using characters that are totally unbelievable saving the world over and over again 
This one s no good. Where s the flash book we all need?. I have to add my vote to the reviewers who consider the book pretty awful. The pictures 
Where s the GAUGE???. Ever other knitting book magazine pattern etc. has stressed the importance of knitting gauge. Unfortunately, the patterns in this book don t even offer a gauge! 
Fast Fun Read. Not a profound book. Lots of story-telling to make a few good points. A fast and fun read.  
wishful thinking disguised as history of science. This book should be titled something like, the decline of the gene, and good riddance too . It s really just a potted 
Scruton the Apologist. Roger Scruton is a polemical kind of philosopher, in many ways similar in style to John Searle. When Scruton does philosophy, it s a joy to read.But 
Quasi-science at best. This book is awful. It is full of speculations and just bad science. I am going to quote one egregious example. The comments in brackets [ ] 
this book is out of date. The book is 17 years out of date.Donald writes, Broca s region and Wernicke s region are convenient fictions, the truth being that aphasia 
Writer s political view is in the book. I am extremely disappointed in The Inside Ring by Mike Lawson. Injecting his personal political views into the book as a way 
BREAKING NEWS!! SUPERPOWERS ARE NOT REAL!!!. I haven t done this in awhile, but I don t think I could review this piece any better than the other reviews I 
I keep trying, but can t.... Despite all the negative publicity, and my insistence that I wouldn t buy anymore of these books, I did. My new rule ended up 
Reads like a Junior High History Assignment. I am an avid Michael Crichton fan and have read pretty much everything he has written aside from his nonfiction books. Crichton s 
No surprises here. After reading an overview regarding the plot of this book, I decided to give Ed McBain s latest novel a whirl. After 20 minutes into the book, 
Insulting to mentally-healthy boys and men. This book starts out with the affectation of being somehow applicable to modern man. The author assumes modern men are broken and therefore must 
Take a pass. I tend to like books like this. Sadly, not this one. As a 30 year Chicago Police veteran, with my last assignment in the Detective Division I 
Not What I Expected. I was disappointed with this novel and expected something completely different. I found it to be a little too out there and had to force myself 
One small man, one giant book about him... If the demon is in the details, then James R. Hanson s First Man has slain every demon in sight. The real 
Go see Austin Powers instead. OK, this is NOT a recommended title, but I couldn t resistsaying a few words about it here because of its high entertainmentvalue. For 15 
Not Good Introductory Textbook Material. This is a required book for an introductory lighting class I m taking. Since we are solely relying on this book and it isn t 
Ho Hum. Sorry...it s not what I expected. I kept thinking, where is this going??? It just wasn t funny. It reminded me of something written 100 years ago. But 
Chanukah IS NOT the Jewish Christmas. With such wonderful illustrations, and a mostly enjoyable text, it s too bad that this book gets its inspiration from Twas The Night Before 
The Problem with Lust In Particular to the Sexual topic . Author Joshua Harris, who have scored no pun intended, mind you a great hit with his first book on 
Atrocious. It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a married man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a son and heir. And that is how 
mr. poynter, this is unfortunate. I am a fan of Dan Poyter s, and I have learned a lot from this author s monumental work, The Self-Publishing Manual . I 
Too many errors in array design tchevysheff . I teach antenna course and have found that students get confused when problems are incorrect. At least 2 problems 6.40, 6.46 design 
First in a Series...?. Has anyone recently pointed out...that Teddy Kennedy s dog is named SPLASH???Maybe they should make this a series of books. Bill Clinton can be featured in 
Less than enthralling. I was dismayed to find that this audio book is simply a laundry listing in an &quot;advice o the day&quot; format of tidbits of wisdom. The wisdom 
No more than a start. Joseph Ellis is a learned, competent Revolutionary era historian. While this book is a fine introduction to Washington s role in the Revolutionary War era 
Gender of History. This book fails to present any new argument for the treatment of women historically. It does point out that women have been ignored over the centuries but 
Gregory Disappoints Once Again. What I find so troubling about many of Gregory s books is her failure to present a heroine who isn t insipidly weak. This book, The 
To Much Detail;. Temperance Brennan is an American forensic anthropologist .The author is a anthropologist in real life and I feel she gave to much detail as to body parts 
The Origins of Totalitarianism?. This book nicely discloses the ghost of Heidegger in much of Arendt s writing. In short: forget your banal bourgeois jobholder worries about material things! leave 
SO so. I read all 12 of these things. Armageddon has it s moments but as with most of this series is sorely lacking. Nicolae and Leon are pretty lame 
A character driven novel where the characters don t deliver. I picked this up because it s considered a classic and I knew it had been made into a movie. 
What A Joke!!. What s wrong with all you Amamzon reviewers?I actually quite liked Shutter Island but this was total garbage. The morose tone is totally overdone throughout, and the 
Would prefer to rate this as 2.5. Biloxi Blues is nothing like Brighton Beach Memoirs, so if you re hoping for more of the same, don t bother. Eugene is 
Neither organizing nor simplicity . I was disappointed with this book. There were a few worthwile tips such as going to bed early to take advantage of the more productive 
The only thing hidden is why people like this book. Read no further if you don t want some spoilers. I don t recommend the book, though, and the whole 
Another Me, Me, Me book by Yancey!. Mr. Yancey better clean up his act. This is another me, me, me book by Mr. Yancey. He has no respect for Jesus 
Outdated information. I did not check the copyright date 2000 before purchasing the book, which I hoped to use as a resource in a seniors internet class that I teach. 
BOOOO....... RIIIIING!!!!! Not only boring, but poorly organized, executed and written and, did I mention, boring?? After struggling through a few chapters, I tried skimming ahead just to see what 
Two stars because of its legacy... ...I mean, after all, this is the Ironman series we re talking about...but for content, avoid this. Rather, do yourself a favor and pick 
Paranoid and unhelpful. Should you be afraid of your microwave oven? This book discusses that non-issue for several paragraphs, before concluding that no, you probably shouldn t be afraid of 
Get the whole picture elsewhere. It certainly is no surprise with the development of technology and expansion of capitalism that knowledge-based workers are the future in American Society. It seems 
Very Disappointing. Today I looked at the genuine leather edition of the ESV single column. I love the translation, and the format. But the paper is so thin there is 
Do you real science?. Read some Cavalli-Sforza. This is pseudo-science on its worst, with fake, manipulated results from a scientist that has no commitment with coherent data-analysing in order to 
Poverty : My Opinion. The key to getting out of poverty, is NOT to get into poverty to begin with. Examples include having children, but not having the financial stability 
Blood-Soaked Fantasies. I ll start with the positive: The main character is a classic hero in every sense of the word - tall, good-looking, smart, humble, etc. The story was 
It was more about Christine than Erik!. The story was disjointed and lacked the title character. He introduced so many characters that he did not have time to bring Erik 
Crusader The Wayfarer Redemption, Book 6 . I found this book to be of little enjoyment, I feel it strays to far from the rest of the series and leaves 
Did they leave the main city ever?. I read this book on my way to Mumbai and when I arrived I thought the plane landed in another country or city. 
Mel Levine is an idiot. I found this book to be insulting to children and to educators. This man obviously has no idea what he is talking about, his ideas 
This book is a shameful attempt to ignore the real causes of election fraud. This book is nothing but a shameful and disguised attempt notwithstanding his denials to discredit Democratic 
lacking in details and intimancies. i ll be the first to admit that i m biased based on my expectations from shaara s father s great book, the killer angels. 
You Can Do It. Jonathan Pond doesn t provide a financial game plan. He rehashs the obvious information readily available. The disappointment, in the end, is that his advertised website 
Pray You Don t Need this Book. This book is an extremely difficult read. Paragraphs repeat often on section headers. So often in fact, it s apparent that no one 
Duveen. This book was horrible! There was no logical order to the book because it is just a bunch of stories put together about Duveen. It is so boring, all 
Oh Snap. What is with this trend of good kid s books being followed up by seemingly rapidly produced, poorly thought out sequels? As bad as sequel s are in 
Flawed Alternate History. To qualify as an alternate history, there must be a critical point which results in a completely different future. The problem that I had with this book 
Better to watch the films instead. This is not a biography but rather a discussion of each of Hitchcock s films. For each film there is:- Detailed synopsis- Cast and 
Funny, but often misses the point. Rock Til You Drop is the quintessential screed every &quot;hip&quot;music journalist has against &quot;Dinosaur Rock&quot;. Trouble is, he doesn t even examine his own 
Might be good if written by a high school student. I would really like to know the average age of the reviewers who rated this book favorably.I read 210 pages 
Negative stars. Contains every trendy lefty misconception there ever was about the war. Totally and hopelessly untrue  
meandering and plotless. i was disappointed after this book was suggested to me. nothing ever happens. there are a lot of long winded descriptions and background and very little story 
Wrong content for young children. First, I hardly ever write reviews...but after this story, I needed to state something. Second, I am not considered a conservative and relatively open minded. 
Not Worth the Money. As is sometimes the case, the title of this book is somewhat misleading. Having read several books which were generally favorable to Greenspan I thought this 
cliched, predictable. I haven t read any of the real Robert Ludlum before, but I don t think I will be starting if this is his style.The action scenes, with 
Just OK. I gave this 2 stars b c I liked the author, but the story itself did not appeal to me. I found I couldn t identify with Ali 
Voodoo Physics. Gary Zukav states in his introduction I had never studied physics. In fact I didn t like science and I had no mathematical aptitude.On Opra TV he admitted 
Why is there no ZERO star option??. I remember reading this book when I was a teen, at a time when the church I was attending was very much into 
Open house. This is another of those books for me that was very middle of the road . It was not terrible and it was not great. It was a 
Stay Back. Reading this book was exhausting, confusing, and extremely unsatisfying. Sentences and parqagraphs ramble arround with confusing descriptions and conflicting information. Some major elements that are introduced are left 
Smile and have happy thoughts. I expected a lot more profundity about this topic. There are much better works out there than this. The book is evidence that one cannot 
Interesting But Flawed. This is a messy book that succeeds to the degree that it does so despite its flaws. Some of the subjects are covered well, some covered poorly, 
The Power of Your Subconscious Mind - Abridged CD. The book is AMAZING! The CD is HORRIBLE! Stick to reading the book yourself. I have over 45 audio books...and this 
Way overrated!!!. When I bought the book I did not know that they already made a movie out of it but I learned about it later on. So I was 
A Waste of Time. I don t believe I ve ever read such an unhelpful organizing book. Much of the book is spent on describing the assumed state of the 
A monstrous and hilarious botch. This stands as a testament to the mediocrity and imbecility of Lenin as a philosopher. It is a overtly lengthy, dull and plodding work. Lenin 
The book description says it all. As an African American gay man, Gomes is interested in re-viewing the biblical passages on sexuality and race Without even picking up this book, 
Dumpster-diving at the Nivens s. How can you know that you are really, really famous? One strong hint would be that people are willing--even happy--to pay good money for a 
The Wind in the Willows. This was probably one of my most favorite books when I was young. I remember my mother reading it to me and how wonderfully Mr. 
Queen Alex. We get that she is very connected and all that jazz, but the writing is exactly like she is writing this as a term paper. Would it have 
Poorly written and poorly understood twaddle. I have nothing but respect for someone who learns enough art and enough physics to write a proper book on the topic. Unfortunately, this 
Where is the Glory?!. I dragged myself through every novel in this series with soap-opera like compulsion, always looking forward to the climatic appearance of our Lord. Therefore, I anticipated 
Confusing. Ann, an aspiring writer, knew of Lucy, an aspiring poet, when the two of them were students at the same college. Actually, everyone knew of Lucy. She was the 
Drama and Negativity. I was hoping for a really good guide to the business side of Interior Design from an expert. This book was reccomended to me by another professional 
Priests and Padres: A Very Narrow View of Reality. As an active duty chaplain in the military I had a significant interest in chapter 9, Priests and Padres. First, I 
An honest opinion. After reading this book and reading most of the posts, I can say that the ones who disagree with S. Hannity stole my thoughts. S. Hannity is 
Pagan yes, wiccan no. Wiccans find another book. There are SOOOO many GREAT books about wicca out there I certainly wouldn t waste my money again on this book, and 
Not worth the money. This book seems hopelessly out of touch with Black culture and US culture in general. It also seems to be pandering to people who want to 
hugely disappointing but essential for d&d 3.5. I was hugely disappointed with this book. While some of the new 3.5 rules features are nice, those familiar with its 2nd edition 
Not Worth the Read or the Money . This is really an unfortunate book. It reminds one of those town hall events that the White House orchestrated for the foolish 
Disappointing instalment of Jack Ryan. I d loved all the other Jack Ryan stories I d read though I hadn t read all of them . This was a little 
You might want to choose a different anthology. This anthology will serve those who don t care about the information that footnotes would provide, and those who already have that 
Just one long justification. Typically, I enjoy non-fiction, anecdotal books about a subject I can relate to--like mothering--but this book feels like one long justification of the mothering style and 
What a disappointment after Friendship Cake. This book really fell flat. Lynne Hinton s first book Friendship Cake what such a good read. I was sincerely disappointed in her second 
Far from the standard of the Delaware series... Two huge problems with this book. One, this self righteous club is leaving clues to a killer and traveling and learning when 
New to Irving?? --> try another one first. John Irving remains one of my most favorite and respected authors, in spite of, not because of this book. After reading Garp, 
Cat s Eye Witness. What happened??! I have really been enjoying the Sneaky Pie Brown series - up till now. Found this one to be extremely disappointing and far off 
A highly agrivating pile of schlock. Frustrated authors take note, you can be published and you don t even have to worry about little details such as punctuation, sentence clarity, 
I love Stone Barrington books - but not this one. I had this one figured out by the second chapter. Too predictable and shallow. Hopefully, the next Stone book will 
Disappointing... Simon Winchester s journey up the Yangtze river is often poetic and overruns with historical detail every eddie of the way up the river. If anything, this is an 
Lacks Soul. Yawn...another self-help book this one is geared towards the would be business leaders of the future. I had to read this for a graduate class and if it 
Dressed Up Postmodern Metafiction. The first book of Auster s New York trilogy was originally published in 1985, and in 1994 was adapted into this graphic novel. I ve never 
My eyes glazed over.........FELT LIKE I WAS IN LATIN CLASS!!. Read both books and all the reviews of 2 books with basically the same name and if you want more 
The Templar Papers. This is the 3rd book I have read on The Templars. The text is a hodge-podge of interesting facts and spectulations on The Knights Templar. The disorganization 
Where is the real Anne Rice hiding?. Being a day late and a dollar short, I finally decided to buy this book despite the poor reviews.I could not get past 
Sort of awful. The biographer is so obsessed with Eliot s enigmatic inner state that she forgets to mention the things that happened to him during his life. Gordon speaks 
Its lousy. Did not work for a relationship of marriage with a 1 time affair involved. Book was good to start a fire with though. Make Dr. Phil rich. I 
For tru-fans only. The novel was a badly-researched and badly-written third-rate airport thriller. This illustrated edition is an expensive and attractive badly-researched and badly-written third-rate airport thriller.For tru-fans only  
learned but dull. This densely written book gives the patient reader a few of the same insights that one can get from a good Chumash Torah w commentary such as 
Zoolander on the Wagon. Interesting observations about rehab and kicking a bad drinking problem, so part of the book is worthwhile and inspiring. About half way through I had to 
Trees of Pennsylvania. This Field Guide to the trees found in Pennsylvania is typical of a field guide that is written by an author not intimately familiar with the region. 
The worst book in this series. Sadly, this series has been in decline and has hit a new low with the Cherry Ceesecake Murder. A movie company comes to film 
Betty s Not What She Used to Be. Time was when the words Betty Crocker actually stood for something good in cookbooks, although the books recipes, for better or for 
Racist through and through. Wolfe hero worships the Irish, and all others rank below them.The Irish detective Martin, DAs Fitzgibbon and Caughey can do no wrong. The Italians, Jews and 
Don t bother. Bennett has little if any understanding of children, myths, fables and fairy tales. In this book he tries to bludgeon children into being good his version of 
Who is really writing these??. I ll be honest, the last three novels have me thinking that Patricia Cornwell has sold off the franchise of her name- the voice the 
A Little Knowledge Is a Dangerous Thing. This is one of the three books I commented for a book review assignment of a Korean history class, taught by a very 
Pure Pablum. I have long been a Dowd column reader, along with a half dozen other opinion page writers, and picked up this book at our local library. There are 
Needs to be more accessible. Conscious Acts of Creation: The Emergence of a new Physics by William A. Tiller, Walter E. Dibble, and Michael J. Kohane.Publisher: Quality Books Inc.pages - 
Save your money. . . . This book is nothing but a sales pitch for their newsletter and most of the info is both sales 101 and found freely on 
The information is a bit out of date. Since this book was kind of recommanded with Cakewalk s Home studio so I took it then learned that the Home Studio 
Much ado about nothing. There is very little of substance to this book with regard to concrete suggestions on strategies a person can use to work with ADD as an 
Yawn. I read about one hundred pages and then, when the consistency of the plot did not improve beyond that of an extra runny rice pudding, I quit. This was 
This book is seriously dated. The prof at my college chose this book as a textbook for a OS course. That is a mistake. This book is too dry. The 
what a bummer..... I was on my way out of town and pick this book up on a whim as I breezed through a book store...I love western romance, but 
A poor book. Unfortunately this is a poor book, and if you are a busy person I would recommend you find something else, something that is well organised instead.This book 
More towards knitting. I bought this book but I did not really read carefully, this book has knitting, and more knit than crochet and the crocheted scarve are nothing worth 
My Life Frying Peanut Butter & Banana Sandwiches. Another attempt to cash in on the I knew Elvis before he weighed 475 lbs craze. Who really cares? The man was 
Minus 10000 stars. This book is complete garbage. There is nothing in it that is factual. If you want to read tabloid material please go buy &quot;National Enquirer&quot; or something.. 
Pleasing but not thrilling. The twin stories of this book are entertaining and interesting - although not exactly enthralling. However, it s not very well written; Peel s descriptions are 
Bummer subject to be writing about!. No one alive today cares that NY had fires in 1741 UNLIKE THE CHICAGO fIRE OF 1871 . Why did author Lepore choose to 
Save your money!. Remember those fluffy Life 101 books - the ones written on only half a page, with some dippy quote on the other page? Fisher s books use 
Preaching to the Choir. I was very excited to read this supposed classic of sci-fi but was left very disappointed. How does one take the midieval idea of the devil 
Who wrote this? Surely not Hillerman. If Tony Hillerman wrote this novel novella actually , I sure can t tell. I have been a Chee Leaphorn fan for many years, 
An Essay Concerning Human Meandering. Not just simple ideas in this one but stupid ones too. No one should ever read this colossal waste of time unless by reading you 
For absolute beginners. This book could easily have been called How to swap out modules in a computer monitor . It is aimed at too low a level to be 
Meh. First of all, I just need to state that Odd Thomas is one of my favorite novels ever. That said, Forever Odd was a pretty big letdown. It lacked 
Pull-ease. I m with the reviewers who thought this book was ruined by the ending. I m all for twists, but this was completely ridiculous and incongruous and dumb.The book 
Vauge. The stuff in this book is explained in a complex manner. Though it is well organised it lacks clear representation. It looks like linux man-pages are explained in an 
Not so good... I just didn t like this book very much. While it may have been a case of personal taste this book didn t seem very engaging or 
i want my money back. I m really surprised the authors became so famous as the new gurus of CRM or 1to1 marketing. This book is just a collection of 
Save your money. Poorly done character work provides no insight into this weakly timed and tasteless rendition of a low caliber shot in the dark at a horror novel . 
Too painful. Ms. Headley really does seem to be just thrilled with herself. That s fine, but I was far too bored with her life to want to keep reading 
These Bleachers are HARD!. I was very disappointed in this selection. Maybe a MALE football fanatic would find something appealing, but I was VERY bored! Take me back to court, 
Sometimes you CAN judge a book by its cover. I wanted to love this book. I looked forward to reading it, and I found some value in it. HOWEVER, after 
Disappointed. This book was as much the author s opinion and imagination as anything else. He makes claims that are not substiantiated by facts, biblical or otherwise. I will not 
Disappointing. Positives about this book is that, unlike other books which offer cure , nowhere does Null states or implies that the book is intended to cure or eliminate any 
Presumptuous. The first page of this book reinforced my belief that no one should attempt to reproduce Jane Austen s writing style. The cumbersome results always sound as if they 
A promising title, but ... A book that is promising a lot, but just doesn t deliver at the end  
the perfect title for this bit of self-indulgent madness. If one reads this, they might do it with one of those foam collars about their necks that people use for 
The formula is getting old. Jack Du Brul is a good writer, he actually is a very good writer; but he also is a Clive Cussler clone. And that may 
Please Be Careful. Bio-identical hormones are not all they are cracked up to be. They have serious, dangerous impacts on the human body. Please, if you are going to try 
Booooooring. I had never heard of this author before and picked this book on cd up at the library. It moved at a snails pace, the book jacket made it 
Cheap Imitation. Eng has a lot of facts about the life of Jimmy Buffett but that s about all. Those of us who have been fans of his since the 
Depends on Your Point of View. Grabhorn starts with the assumption that our feelings can change the course of events around us. While there is some truth to this assumption, 
Disappointing and long. I found this book disappointing. Its pages drag on and on but never deal with the topic. It addresses why, but not the how. I was looking 
Skip This One. I ve read most of Sandra Hill s books and I ve enjoyed the saga of the Eriksson and Magnusson families. The story of Madrene and Ian 
Enjoyable...if you can accept Weir s bias in advance. Reviewer Alianore s opinion Rather too indulgent of its subject is a very accurate portrayal of Weir s work. I will 
Don t read this book if you want anything with depth. The more I read this book, the less I like it. It s an entertaining enough read, if you 
NO!!!!!!!. On the whole I wasn t satisfied with the book. In all fairness I did take DE as a summer class. Maybe that s why I don t have 
Susan is no Ann Coulter!. Why would anyone spend money for this book? It is just more whining. Susan needs to get her own material and stop trying to be 
Couldn t get all the way through the book -. I was sadly disappointed to find I did not like this book at all after all the glowing reviews it 
She s not the author I fell in love with in 03 . I really liked Boyd s first book - smart, passionate, opinionated and well-paced.Since then, the bar has 
An unfortunate disappointment. I bought this book with the expectation that it would be another &quot;Mists&quot;. Unfortunately, I was quite mistaken. I found this book to be so boring that 
Not for a modern economist. Book is out of date with modern economic thought. Essentially restates classical economics and provides little in the way of acceptance of the need for 
Read this first... http: www.quackwatch.org 11Ind perricone.htmlAn excerpt: Dr. Perricone would be more credible if he could show us a study demonstrating that people who followed his prescription lived longer, 
Pathetic, weak effort - someone ought to be fired over this. So, after 86 years, the Red Sox finally break through. And, for this special, long-awaited moment, does the once-august 
A disappointment. I have read several of Mr. Dickey s books and really enjoy them, however this one sas a disappiontment. A friend whom read this book said it was 
Compelling Moments, but Disappointing Overall. I can see how some readers might be put off by all of the science and detail in this book, though I was personally not 
made me feel. icky. I like MNS. A lot. I like the things he says in interviews, I like his movies. I don t think they are perfect, but they 
A basic computer primer light on the garden. A third of this book is devoted to basic computer concepts that can be learned elsewhere and better . The garden part 
about as deep as a magazine article. I was very disappointed in this book - I felt I could have written it myself, using platitudes and the type of jargon 
ugh. I started loosing interst in the newer spider man books after this comic, i found a disturbance with the second one that was more artist than story but volume 
Help!! I keep falling asleep reading this book.... I have always loved the Kinsey Millhone series, they used to be fun and entertaining. But this book is different, it just 
Lemony Turns Sour. I don t know about anyone else, but this book was the one that made me completely lose interest in this whole series. This is the most 
self-knowledge??. The only paragraphs worth reading are the once Heller got from other books, I d suggest you d read those if you want to know about the Tsangpo s 
great topic but literary-esque treatment of it. I like cross-disciplinarity, the world needs it, but when one crosses to fields with rigorous methods, highly standardized and specified and well competed 
Perhaps the Most Over-rated Book of All Time. Under Mark Twain s definition, a classic book is one which people praise but don t read. By that definition, Tribe s 
blach. This is a childrens book and it is supposed to teach a positive message. It should have been tiltled the jewish Mother tree or something. So the message was 
Outdated and biased. This book was published in 2001. Five years have passed and there is no sign that China is about to collapse anytime soon. The author was blinded 
The House is Not a Home Run. The pretentious photo of the author in a flowing ballgown on the back cover should have been the first warning. I ve never 
worst book i have ever read in my life and i read lots!!! . i thought this was the most boring uninteresting book i was ever fourced to read in 
Boring, boring and more boring!. MAn, what a boring book! Ok, anyone inhis right frame of mind by now has already undertood that Bush has been practicing foul play all 
Rubbish. Read Thomas Sowell s. This guy is a civil rights movement [...]---making a living off of divisive, racist dialogue. The blame for slavery depends on the perspective one takes, 
Froud s work is terrific but book s quality is terrible... I m a long-time collector of Froud and a WOF member. This book was purchased by my husband from 
Only For Beginners. Nothing could be more trite and predictable that almost every detail of Above Suspicion. If you even occasionally read crime fiction, you ll recognize every plot device 
Too many animals and blankets. I bought the book because I liked the title but was very disappointed. The book has too many animals and baby blankets and few really 
worthless rhetoric. This book is summarized in a single sentence be a good teacher . All the supporting comments should only take up a paragraph - not a book. And 
Too female-centerd. This book is really geared toward women who are into feminism. All the quotes in the book are from women in her groups. If you re not into 
Really bad ending. I liked this book up until the ending. I expected the judges to be released and taken care of one by one which would have been predictable 
Power of Intention vs Secrets of the Power of Intention. I listened first to the Power of Intention, which was the reason I purchased the Secrets of the Power of 
Hey I ve got a great idea. The Da Vinci Code is a worldwide phenomenon, staying on the New York Times Bestseller List for over 2 years. I think I 
Toxic writing. This book is so one sided that it s nearly worthless. Stauber and Rampton accuse the PR industry of presenting cooked facts to convince the public. Ironically they 
Can we say gay. uh......... no this book had litle to be desired and its just not cool with all them big words i mean come on. Whats a sherry 
Not factual enough. This book is a terrible book in my opinion and anyone who thinks that it is good needs to question their intelligence. It is not based enough 
A wimpy superficial protagonist!. I wish I had read all the reviews before I bought this book. The later reviews were more accurate at depicting this book. At least it 
Awful. I really don t understand the fantastic reviews this book seems to get. I thought it was horrible. I was incredibly dissapointed after I picked it up. I thought 
Pass. I enjoy books on skepticism and I was looking forward to reading this one.Unfortunately, I had to force myself to finish it because it is very boring.Don t bother 
Terrible. This is the first Grafton book I ve read, but I m pretty sure it will be my last. Simply put, this is the worst book I ve read 
listen to your heart. Send in your query or your three chapters to fifty of these guys and then wait. First, they don t want to read them. They hire 
Book in need of an editor!. I ordered this book because I am extremely interested in theuntold stories of the Partition of India even though thereviews told me not to. 
Doesn t live up to the hype. As a stand-alone story not a prequel , this book is relatively fun - if you can ignore the countless glaring grammatical errors 
LOST fans, don t bother. Choose Watership Down or other. Fans of the ABC-TV show LOST will probably be buying Our Mutual Friend in droves after having seen Desmond keeping 
Great Story, Awful Acting. While a wonderful story, this movie ruins it with two child actors who make the movie painful to watch.A bit hard to understand why the child 
This girl thinks too much. The title and cover page of this book provided a great deal of promise, unfortunately the contents delivered very little pleasure. Pierson waxes on way 
Worthless. This book is another attempt to capitalize on a name brand Porter; Harvard as opposed to providing a substantive, insightful take on what is happening in Japan and what 
Not bad, but not really good eithier... This was my first reading of Jamaica Kincaid. She has a short, concise style, which made me often feel like I was reading 
New Country Home- Waste of your . I was excited about getting this book but what a disappointment!!Photos were mediocre at best and there was nothing inspiring that gets the 
Worm-ridden Wormwood . G.P. Taylor struck out with his much-hyped debut, the tepid religious fantasy Shadowmancer. And the follow-up, Wormwood, is even less engaging than Shadowmancer was -- while it 
Biblical Fiction. This book is not really a commentary but an explanation of Tim LaHaye s view of the end times which is not thorough and leaves tons of holes. 
Disappointed. Both of the recipes I tried were total flops. I made the Savory Scraps on p. 55. It is supposed to produce 9 squares from an 8 X 8 
There was a reason it was in the 3 for 2 section in Borders. What could have been a hilarious, informative account of breaking outlandish old-fashioned laws and getting or 
It s all a matter of faith. It always amazes me how seemingly intelligent people can become so irrational when it comes to their religious beliefs. This feeble attempt to 
Very dissapointed. I wasn t expecting this book to somehow transform my sex life, but I certainly didn t expect the garbage I read.Yes, he makes some preaty good, but 
Terrible Book. This book is full of errors and the subject matter presentation is far from an introduction. I used this in an intro class and it was one of 
All that glitters is not gold. A long way out in the deep blue sea there lived a fish. Not just an ordinary fish, but the most beautiful fish in 
Bland Book. I had a hard time forcing myself through this book. I gave it to my 10 year old son, who is a Francophile and a voracious reader, and 
If you re over 35 and trying to conceive do not buy this book. My husband and I tried using this book and it s methods for almost a year 
Disappointing. Most of the recipes not at all simple, as claimed in the subtitle. I know hors d oeuvres are frequently finiky and labor-intensive, but I wanted to believe the 
Bald self-promotion. I read the first two chapters, scanned the rest, and decided not to waste any more time; there are too many good books to read. The premise of 
ASK A SILLY QUESTION ... Richard Rothstein is no more qualified to advise on education than the new governor of California who is a body-builder . The objective of education 
Not Funny. I have read several of Hiaasen s books and loved them. They were very funny. This one is not. It is an endless description of naked strippers. I 
Not very good... I could only read an hour of this. I always hate doing this to my own brethren but I can t recommend this  
Too complicated. I think this book may work for those who are really against letting their babies cry, but I have to say, if you are truly sleep deprived, trying 
Who fact-checked this thing??. This book is terrible, riddled with mistranslations, gross generalizations, and mystifying pseudofacts. A lovely idea, with poor execution  
Disappointing. John Hodgeman is great when he s on the Jon Stewart show. The book, sadly, is boring even as bathroom reading  
good, but not great. I ve been taking an intensive German translation course this summer and because I haven t taken any German before this, I didn t have any 
Lots of good advice but poorly organized. The book is filled with plenty useful advice but it is so poorly organized that its potential effectiveness is marginalized. I had hoped 
Easy read, a very visual novel, could have gone deeper. As a debut, this novel is noteworthy, and the author paints a highly visual picture of the Africa she knows. 
In a Word, Generic . This is the first book I ve not been able to put down - not because it was so riveting, but because I couldn t 
A lesser work. I find the mostly 5 star reviews of Adam Bede rather puzzling. I am a great of lover nineteenth century English lit, and have enjoyed the other 
Narrative Equivalent of Home Shopping Network. Saul Bellow won the Nobel Prize. And after his recent death, numerous respectful eulogies proclaimed that the BIG issues of soul and conscience were 
Doesn t deliver what it promises.... The back cover claims the text &quot;provides everything you need to know to set up and manage an Ethernet network.&quot; More like everything you 
An interesting mix of good and bad. Im not really writing this review to sway anyone s opinion of it. Tastes are different from person to person. Some may love 
I m outraged!. First of all, shame on the women who gave this book glowing reviews on the first few pages! I was completely shocked had to re-read the passages 
inflammatory, there are better books out there on the subject. The things that most struck me was the book was more attacking than setting up positive models. I found the 
Liberal Bias? Complete Nonsense... Wow..What lies. I NEVER hear any kind of news channel favor the left...NEVER. The media, especially FOX News, has a right wing bias..its 100 FACT, proven 
lisa from sgs. i thought that the book was a fair read. it wouldn t be worthwhile to me to read it again and it hasn t been added to 
Don t waste your Money on this. I did not find this book helpful at all. I guess I should have known better, but I thought maybe it would have 
Not what I expected... A bit cheesey... I felt like I was reading a fluffed up self-help book! If you are a fan of The Da Vinci Code looking for 
Just ok . I started reading The no.1 Ladies Detective Agency but could never really get into it. I liked the idea of this book however so decided to give 
God Hater s book- Think carefully before buying!. This trilogy is indeed diabolical. The temptation- a captivating, nicely written story- but beware of the message- the world view that the 
Not Very Practical. While the concept of this book makes sense, application in the life of a mother doesn t. I have four children and can t possibly retrain myself 
Horrible. I think this book was the boringest, and dumbest book ever!But I have to say that the movie was pretty good and funny so you have to give that 
Not worth the .01 ..... Pure rubbish !!. This book is one of Dean Koontz s worst. Not as bad as THE TAKING, but right in there. OK, here is 
Very Amatuer. What a waste of time it was reading this book. If you are not very familiar with FW IPS or VPN then this may be helpful, but if 
Hearsy to disprove hearsay. The author of this iconoclastic text claims that the Sinclair legacy in Scotland is based on hearsay and then he proceeds to use hearsay to try 
A Painful and Slow Read. This book reads like a graduate thesis. It manages to bury interesting ideas with overly drawn out explanations and arguments. Each chapter should be pared 
Slow convoluted read. Lacks any gripping force and it is an effort to work thru i  
Vapid. I found this book incredibly boring. While it is obvious that Leddick gets into his characters, I did not. I found them two-dimensional, hollow cliches lacking in authenticity. Mr. 
Mistakes in the editorial reviews of this book. I strongly recommend the two major reviews of this book on this site one by D Roberts, and the other by Alyssa 
And Now a Lean Dictionary. This pricey little 5 x 8 spiral bound listing of lean manufacturing terms Lean Enterprise style is a good and the only one that I 
Data appears unreliable. We used a previous version of this book when my first child was applying to colleges in 2003, and found it helpful. The current edition was a 
DOES NOT TEACH HOW TO MODEL. I bought this book thinking it was going to teach me how to model a Female Character...I WAS DEAD WRONG!!This book DOES NOT teach 
Where are my red slippers?. Oh.... my.... God!!!! There is another Patricia Kennealy running mad through the streets and shouting about high schoolish love fantasies that exist only in her 
Sooo slow. One word: boring. This book took 40 pages just to describe people dying everywhere and that the remaining survivors ended up in a hall together. After that, no 
Unfortunate display of Robbins abilities!. I unfortunately could not get through this book. T.R just went on and on, getting a bit carried away with his own wit and literary 
I ll Keep Looking... Before I move into my actual review, I want to correct a factual error in another review. The criticism was made that Edelman uses too much 
Don t waste your time..... I thought this book would give a better insight into the world of the HA, but I came away disappointed. Quesnel s story is interesting 
Not good for Music Appreciation text. I ve used this book for three years and am eager to trade it for something else. Why? 1 Musical examples are chosen seemingly 
the cover is the best part?. Kind of a snoozer, despite at times reading like a pep rally. Wait till the price goes down  
Read This to Glorify Surfer Magazine, Not Surfing. Just as sad and unfortunate as missing the wave-of-the-day on the last day of a lifetime surf expedition, The Perfect Day missed 
Terrible book. What a waste of paper. Some people should abstain from writing and Pinnock is one of them  
Text heavy, poor editing and design. I picked up this book after reading the great one-page summary in Outside magazine. My suggestion is to go and buy the January 2006 
ARE YOU KIDDING ME? THIS BOOK IS HORRIBLE!. I cant believe that I actually paid for this book. Anyone with a brain knows that if you buy low and sell 
HORRIBLE!!!. I hate this series, so boring, dumb characters, FREAKIN CRAPPY NINJAS! DO NOT BUY THIS MANGA! Such a waste of money! I prefer magical girl mangas, that don t 
Lacks depth. This book really only covers a general concept of the computer animation field. For people wanting to just unearth the mere basics and lingo, the glossary at the 
Pamuk s First Novel is a Disappointment. Like many others in my book group, I had been looking forward to finally reading something by Pamuk. And like most of my 
Overblown claims from Cassandra. Doomsayers are nothing new. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, when Jewish populations were growing rapidly in many parts of Europe, anti-semitic politicians and 
Tired rehash. I m not sure there is anything here that was not originally in Simple Abundance save for the description of her recent moves and marriage. It all fees 
Plowing Through. I never made it past the first three chapters even though we were assigned to read the whole thing . The long, drawn out epistomology the study of 
Truly awful. I hated this book! I usually love Coulters work and her heroes, but Anthony was just revolting! The rape, the beating, everything about the way he treated her, 
Disappointing. I am sorry to say this book is a great disappointment compared to the other very good books in the series. The author comes across as arrogant instead of 
Not worth reading!. This was a waste of my time! I sat there and read about this boy and what he could do! Then read about more kids and what 
An odd little book... This is a strange little book. The intention is good, love conquers all, dealing with aging, etc...However,it is full of negative images, and frankly is...creepy. When 
A Perfect Storm it Isn t, A Perfect Bore Maybe. I really enjoyed The Perfect Storm. So, I gave Ms. Greenlaw the benefit of the doubt and started her book. 
Something to read on the can, otherwise skip it. I have several dozen books on various aspects of success and failure and this book is the most mediocre of them 
Longest Runway in the World. The story takes forever to take off, after an almost interminable, and, it seems to me, unnecessary, set up about pulps and pulp writing. The 
Not a good book for first course in fluid mechanics. I was a part time instructor over the summer at a certain university in Midwest and found this book extremely 
 pretentious, moi? . Elaine Risley was bullied by her friends as a child and was scarred forever after. Pile up as much philosophing and moralizing as you want, in 
Historical Perspectives Politcal Messages. Gay Talese s work on his family s journey from Italy to America is an involved tale that delves into a difficult historical period for both 
Boring. Don t get me wrong, I do enjoy Card s writing, especially his, uh, Enderverse . I loved Ender s Game, I absolutely adored Speaker for the Dead, I 
A dry and uncritical introduction. Zahlan covers the history of the Gulf states with special emphasis on the history of the various monarchical families. Sadly, her attitude is unflinchingly fawning; 
To much detail. Moore, told a good story, but when the action would get going, and you start getting ready for something big, STOP IT ALL, with a flashback. At 
Hardly spine-tingling. It has all the right elements: Nazi conspiracies, international intrigue, duplicity galore...but they simply don t gel together in the breathtaking way I ve come to expect from 
too much Italy...what about the rest?. Grisham is one of my favorite authors. However this one is not one of his bests! We all understood that he loved Bologna and 
Known as America s Poet, Whitman is not poetic. Walt Whitman s life s work is his Leaves of Grass , enlarged over the years with additional poems. Regarded as 
Great Book, Ghastly Paper. Since when is beautiful art presented on crappy, low-grade glossy paper. These artists are incredible and deserve so much better than this stock chinese manure. It 
Hated It!. I m a huge Jeffery Deaver fan and until this book had never read one of his tomes that I didn t absolutely love. Bloody River Blues was 
Wow... what a bad book!. I was very disappointed with this book. I was hoping for a clear and concise overview of world history in order to gain a general 
Offers Nothing New. This book takes you instead of the manhunt for the Washington area snipers, but offers nothing that has not previously been reported in The Washintgon Post or 
Flowery prose in a dull, pointless, illogical story. Robin Hobb knows how to write well and proved it with Assassin s Apprentice. Unfortunately, she seems to be in love with 
Very repetitive- and, let s face it... She s not quite a master yet. I am an elementary school art teacher, and over the years I have observed more extraordinary 
Did not like at all. Very surprised at the ratings on this book. I thought it was very poorly written and really boring. Actually, just the first 100 pages were 
Great title, bad book. This book is way too long for the substance it provides. I expected to read a book that would help me work with smart executives. Instead, 
don t snatch it up. The foundation of success in a horror story is a strong, original beginning. The author must grab your attention and earn your suspension of disbelief. 
Loved the book, hated the reading. This review refers to the Audio-book. I m a huge James Lee Burke fan, but I found the reading of this book to be 
Written Too Much Towards Evangelicals. Although Scott s story is interesting, I had a hard time relating to it even as a Protestant who is going through the process of 
Utterly uncritical, and duller than dishwater... The problem with the book is that it s utterly uncritical of the entirety of Stephen King s work - it s simply a 
Terribly subjective and superficial. While this series is cute, and useful to get a flavor of the differences between schools, it cannot be used to compare schools apples to apples 
Two years later.... I read this book with an open mind in the beginning of what would be a lengthly ordeal that changed my life, my ex-wife s life and 
interesting plot but bad details. This book could have been so much better since the plot is really good. The writing here is a knockoff of Michael Crighton and really 
Booked to Die: Painted by Numbers. John Dunning s Booked to Die was a New York Times best seller, and also won the prestigious Nero Wolfe Award. It is one 
Pathetic. I bought this book while rushing through an airport terminal needing something to read on the plane. Not one of my better decisions. Very wordy, and the dialogue is 
More of the Same. I have read all of Bryson s books and loved them. Intuition said to NOT but this book since reliving childhood has been done time and 
A disappointment. Some of the Reacher novels--such as The Killing Floor--have been incredibly good, but I was genuinely disappointed in this one. The author describes Reacher as heroic, a loner, 
pretentious garbage. i tried reading it, and made it about 3-4 pages. i m pretty sure that s a bad sign. i seem to recall mr. sedaris writing about his 
Very boring. I really was interested in the topic of Arab history but found the writing so boring I had a hard time staying awake. I finally gave up. I 
good ideas, but beware. This book has great ideas for cupcake flavors and frosting fillings, but the cakes themselves are lackluster. In 3 attempts, I have yet to make anything 
POORLY WRITTEN REVIEW OF A VERY INTERESTING PREMISE. Janet Malcolm takes a very interesting premise--the relationship of a journalist to his subject--and turns it into a trite essay on the 
Working Moms Don t Bother. I was so excited when I bought this book. Dispair set in once I disovered the focus was on stay at home moms of very 
A finance textbook full of errors and holes. I am a postgraduate student in finance and this book is on my reading list for corporate finance. I must say that 
Disappointed reader. This is the worst How To book I have ever read...The author never makes a definitive statement about anything. Instead he says you could do this or that, 
Don t weigh down your luggage with this book!. This book is more of a storey book than a guide to use when you are in Florence. I went to 
inexplicable. i couldn t even get 1 2 through this novel. documenting the rock n roll industry and band dynamics is undoubtedly a difficult task. some have done it successfully, 
Basically Improper. If you have had little or no exposure to North American culture or media, this book would provide you with all of the fundamentals of the upper class. 
Just plain dumb. I am having a hard time understanding why people have raved about this book. I guess everyone is entitled to have loyal fans, but I just don 
A real downer!. This book is such a downer. Besides the ridiculous sibling rivalry between two grown-up sisters, and all of the complicated problems between Julie & Romeo s families, 
Misleading to Business Owners and Sales Professionals... First and foremost, let me say that I am a Graphics Professional with over 10 years experience in the advertising arena. My company 
The Problem with Lust In Particular to the Sexual topic . Author Joshua Harris, who have scored no pun intended, mind you a great hit with his first book on 
This book [was bad]!. I don t know what Kluver and Powers were thinking, but it was obvious that they have never even VISITED china, or spent any time around 
Readers are spoon-fed this one... I was soooo disappointed with this one that I had to quit reading. I felt that the authors insulted my intelligence as a reader -- 
Don t be fooled!. Sounds up to date, and I bought it thinking it new, but tired forecasts from 1990 can easily be beaten by anyone of average thinking from 
Fails to look at all angles... After thoroughly analyzing this book for a college paper I can say that I am no less than disgusted with the content of this 
Choppy.... This novel reads more like an outline with big holes in both the character development and the plot. Unlike the professional reviews, I didn t mind the excerpts that 
I Agree!. I agree with the reviewer who wrote the parental warning. I tried to submit a similar review when I first got this book in December of 2000, but 
Essay on Gen X, WTO, and other flashbacks from the 90 s. Turner s book relates a collection of his opinions and personal anecdotes regarding 90 s culture counterculture, and 
not very good. I am Laotion and wanted to be up to date on my language skills, so I purchased this book a couple of years ago to expand my 
Sooooo Last Century s News. The only reason to go for this book is if you are a real collector of sex instruction books and need to have this to 
This is one of the worst economics textbooks ever. I have to say that this is one of the worst economics textbooks that I have ever read. The font is 
Another Dorling-Kindersley children s book. A good book to leave lying around in dentist s waiting rooms, but if you actually want to concentrate on reading about Shakespeare you ll 
Not top quality. This item was worn on the edges and didnt live up to what was promiced, but you get what you pay for  
A highly agrivating pile of schlock. Frustrated authors take note, you can be published and you don t even have to worry about little details such as punctuation, sentence clarity, 
Sloggish, Boring, and trite. Not a very good book on any level. Not horrific, but overall really lame. A whodunit that you could never predict, because there was nothing to 
don t read if this is your first scifi book. It was my first and it was quite disjointed. I didn t finish it. Not a beginner scifi book even 
Utter disappointment. Being a fan of such authors as J.R.R. Tolkien, H.G. Wells, and C.S. Lewis, I figured I d try and broaden my horizons by reading a book about 
The spokesman for the Church. This book is merely a hundred something pages long and yet 99 of what the two authors said are in defense of the traditional church 
Missed the point. Sorry guys.....but this is a very POORLY written book. It has a tendency to bounce all over the place and leaves the reader wondering what point are 
Intelligent but Dated. This 1998 book examining the war between Russia and its breakaway republic Chechnya is a product of great expertise and tremendous thoroughness. The war is examined from 
A Definite Bonk !. I am not often motivated to rate books, but this one annoyed me. It is dull, repetitive, disorganized and discouraging. As another reviewer noted, I guess 
Suzanne Somers is giving middle aged women false hope. Suzanne Somers is partial scam artist. She claims that if you follow the advice in her books, prepare her recipes, use 
The writing almost ruined the story. I d suggest that Ralph Helfer hire a professional writer to get him through the next account of his interaction with exotic animals. Although 
Excellent Writer.....Poor Plot. West is without a doubt a superb writer, however I found The Shoes of The Fisherman to be a great dissapointment. In spite of the fact that 
Self-indulgent piece of crap. I m all in favor of silly, irreverant books, but this book is just so pointless. The author doesn t show any skill as a writer...it 
find an old edition if similar. find an old edition of this book if the editions are similar. The cases in it are old so the law isn t really 
Written too soon. I got this book on remainder, very cheap. It was not worth what I paid for it tho.This was quickly written..or ghost written...by Larry Garrison and his 
I don t agree with the other reviewers. I was not convinced. Having tried Mr. X it had such a must have look about it and found it seriously wanting, 
I just wasted my money. This book is not for those who want to either learn mathematica graphics or extend their knowledge, as in my case. It is not clear 
A Disappointment. I have enjoyed almost all her other works but this one was a waste of money and time. I couldn t force myself to get to the end. 
Spew and Nonsense from A Sleaze Merchant. James Baker, of F The Jews infamy, claims that he never wanted to involved in politics. It might have been better for all 
Pompous Windbag. I was asked if Umberto Eco was as much a pompous windbag in Foucault s Pendulum as he was in his other novels and responded:I would say his 
Wow... what a bad book!. I was very disappointed with this book. I was hoping for a clear and concise overview of world history in order to gain a general 
Well Written But His Theories Still Need Work. I have to admit that this book is well written, but it presents a very definite bias. It builds a case for 
Full of perhaps and maybes . Admittedly I wasn t reading this book for pleasure, as I had to read it for a class, but it is very poor indeed. 
Frustrated - can t give any star, but your system insist. I have ordered the items twice and still have not received it by now, because your shipping department have 
Good sex, no plot. I just finished reading Laurel K. Hamiliton s latest, `Danse Macabre . I was very disappointed. The novel gave a good sense of her true strengths 
Save your Money!!!. This book is awful. I have read the entire thing, and it says nothing that is useful. I have been in public accounting for 10 years, and 
Make sure you know what you re getting. Be warned....this book has little to do with modern plagues and more to do with a left-wing environmentalist agenda. Even worse, Mark 
Disappointing, self-centered, and unchallenging. After multiple shopping excursions leave her captivated with Amish dolls and quilts, affluent American Sue Bender attempts to impose herself on an Amish family in order 
Overated Book. While some of the book is interesting it is more geared for the beginner in investing. A lot of the issues brought up are nothing more than common 
Not what it appears to be. The play Into the Woods not only contains sinister elements, but has an overall dark message to convey. It preaches moral relativism as blatantly 
What a difference!. Evereyone has an opinion on a book, so I thought I would share mine. Yes, this book has a ton of information, maybe too much for the 
cumbersome. I find it much more difficult to navigate this book than, say, Moreland and Fleisher s book of Latin grammar. Furthermore, it s verbosity is frequently difficult to penetrate. 
The only Europeans you will find in Belgium, live in Brussels. After hearing so much about the book, I must admit to a disappointment in its contents. As a Belgian 
Unfortunately this one didn t work for me!. I must be getting old since I ve never done this sort of thing before, but I was so frustrated after about 
Some Good Techniques, but Totally Off-Base on Theory. In this book Bash Dibra, the self-styled dog trainer to the stars, recounts some of his experiences raising and training an actual 
Completely ignores phonology and completely unsuitable for a beginner. This book and CD are a grave disappointment compared to the other Teach Yourself books I ve used. Although it introduces 
Misleading, mis-informed, missed the mark. Much of the coverage is incomplete and misleading. Souder, in his 1984 work entitled Project Selection and Economic Analysis provides a much more useful, cogent 
iteration reiteration. back and forth and back and forth. im happy. im sad. happy. sad. love him. dont love him. love him. dont blah. blah blah. we re poor. we 
Be aware of faux liberals!!!. Colmes is an invention by FAUX NEWS!!! He cant even be considered a FAUX liberal because he was invented to be Pawn Hannity s...uh pawn 
Shame on Lesko!. I found this book completely useless except for a paperweight or doorstop! What I did find interesting is that Vickie Adkins-Marcum seems to review all of Matthew 
Politically independent?. I bought this book after seeing Mr Florida talk on CSPAN-2. He does have some interesting things to say about creativity, but...I found it very difficult to finish.Mr 
As authentic as a daytime soap opera. I d heard the buzz both pro and con and thought I d take an independent read. I was dismayed with this book.James 
A Bit Like A 30 s Serial. Frabato Bardon battles the Evil Lodge on the eve of WWII. This book is written in a Flash Gordon Vs. The Cosmic Meanies 
Overrated. I bought this based on the effusive praised heaped by other reviewers here, but it was a waste of time and money. Don t bother unless you like your 
Dreadful. I can t fathom why this book is beloved. It s just awful. Alright, that s a little strong. The first third-to-half of the book is just awful: tedious, 
Random. I listened to Naipaul s nobel lecture, and found many of the things he touched on in that speech echoed in this short work. Naipaul speaks at length about 
Tell Me Something I Didn t Know. This book may be somethat interesting for polisci majors when they are first starting out, but once a person has their degree and 
Too wide,incomplete and expensive. After spending too much money, not only you end up with 4 rows of tabs which make it hard to find anything but some of the 
This is Basicly New Age Demonology. I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. Philippians 4:13Put your faith in the bible and Gods wordsNOT THROUGH SHAKTI GAWAINTrust Jesu 
Not worth the paper it s written on. I read the book, came to this site to write a review, and was flabbergasted by the people that wrote positive reviews. 
Asinine with Vapid Characters. If this were a satirical view of Regency books, I might have bought the far-fetched storyline, the flat, idiotic characters, and the absolute silliness of the 
Avoid. Only to be used if you want to learn to converse a bit in Japanese. I used this for couple weeks- and I found that Japanese Step by Step 
Dull, trite, maudlin &amp; cliched. This is probably one of the worst books ever published. 1st of all,it is trying to be allegorical when it really isn t. Kafka is 
Very inadaquate. The text doesn t come close to describing any of the terrain rendering algorithms adequately. For this, the author refers the reader to whitepapers on the companion CD 
Please read why I give this book one star it deserves less . I have the Institutes and I have read with careful atention Calvin`s Doctrine of Salvation. He teaches 
Big Trouble Starts Early On. Interesting experimental fiction. In Big Trouble, Barry employs the technique of shifting protagonists so well that in the end the reader isn t sure who 
Horrible.... I am taking Calc II and am using this book. This book is horrible! I missed a lecture and when I tried doing the homework I got stuck. There 
only 1 star. I simply could not get into this book. Maybe I am being picky, but why do words have to be italizied in every paragraph  
It didn t work for me either. I too read this book cover to cover with high hopes for success. I took notes and paid extra attention on how to 
Simplistic. I read this book two years ago hoping that it will give me an insight and an interesting frame of reference for my thesis. I was disappointed. The only 
No real strategies for making money in all markets!!!. This book is full of historical facts graphs and charts but when it comes time for the author to expose her 
For musicians only. I am a moderate guitar player with a Hamburg type Rickenbacker guitar and wanted to learn a little more about the guitar cords used in Beatle songs. 
DO NOT BUY THIS!. I would like to reiterate what s already been said. The questions are not helpful and do not reflect the actual questions on the GRE physics 
Boring Book. I read a lot of books and have been doing a number of reviews and this is one of the only books that I couldn t finish. After 
Don t waste your time or money on this... ...unless you ve never read any of his other books. Don t get me wrong, I can t say enough good 
Very overrated Lincoln biography!!!. I generally enjoy reading biographies, but this one was an exception! A very boring read! I did not think that Lincoln was being portrayed as overly 
LACKS OF DETAILED STREET NAMES. I use this book occasionally, but it is lacks the detailed for use by itself. Where I do use it is with mapquest, that tends 
the literary equivalent of candy corn. The success of this book might be chalked up to the old axiom how no one ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the 
Extremely Dull. Jensen s biography of Schumann is a merely adequate portrayal of this most extraordinary composer. The prose is incredibly flat and repetitive--the &quot;insight&quot; that Schumann loved children--hardly original 
Avoid at all costs!!!!. I am having to use this book for an Accounting Grad class and it is perhaps one of the worst txt books I have ever laid 
I feel sorry for Isaac Asimov. If he were alive to see what Allen did to his Robot Universe, he would strangle the guy. This is a perfect example of 
Too slanted. This book is so slanted to the left that I could not finish it because I ended up on the right.The endless accusations of fascism and nazism to 
Shipping cost. When I ordered the books and checked out, there was no indication of the shipping cost. Since I dealt thru Amazon before, I assumed the shipping to be 
Brain Dead Main Character Kills Story. This book was simply not up to Baldacci s usual quality. The story goes all over the place, but doesn t get anywhere until 
Don t All Religions Lead to God?. This book implies that the reader will learn about other religions, but brings few facts or new information to the reader. The content 
Ambition is the death of thought. People say again and again that philosophy does not really progress, that we are still occupied with the same philosophical problems as were theGreeks.
Stop-- This is a must not read. You really need to be careful when reading this book. Understandingly, people facing the challenges of ADD ADHD are stressed out and overly 
Do you believe in etheric formative forces ?. This is total BS. Absolutely nothing grounded in reality. These people or completely mad. Unless you believe in magic and hocus pocus, 
Waste of time. This book is pretty pathetic. Writing style is cheesy and even ridiculous at times. Waste of time  
Misleading Title, Too Academic for Rock and Roll. Unfortunately, many so-called rock journalists are nothing more than sociology majors who let their devotion to an artists or group cloud their 
Angry judgmental words. The tone of the book starts off seemingly angry, cynical and sarcastic. For these reasons I may not be inclined to recommend this book to anyone who 
Very biased and Anti Communist Propaganda book. I m not a big fan of communism, nor of Stalin. But I cross checked the facts mentioned in this book with facts 
Read Blindness and Pass on The Plague... Dr. Rieux, the main character of the novel, moves throughout the book in a detached surreal hopeless manner. He goes thru the motions 
Too old to matter. This book really should be removed from circulation. While basic MIDI information is in there, it is so out of date it just makes it hard 
Outdated Advice. I m getting married again after 20 years of being single &amp; was looking for relevant advice. It was not to be found in this book. It s 
Magnum Obfuscation. If you absolutely have nothing better to do one day, try wading through Eisenman s prolix and heavily befogged dissection of his own crudely assembled `theoretical positions. It 
Please buy our advertisement. Skip this book. It s simply an over-glorified advertisement for the store of the same name. Reading this, you can enjoy page after page of &quot;To 
I didn t like it. Samantha seems a lot like Becky. A young woman whose life is very out of balance and doesn t know how to face up to 
Ouch. I m a Pagan, and I do not hold this book in high esteem. And there is plenty I could say about the book and its author. I ve 
mixed praise for an important work. This book is composed of two stories. The first, called Folded Hands is nothing short of brilliant. Jack Williamson created a rather bizarre, almost 
Yuck!. Man, oh man, I think this is one of the worst books I ve ever read. If I could give The Thanatos Syndrome negative stars, I would!Seriously, half way 
Useful Historical Tool. This book doesn t exactly have an original premise; a West Point graduate named Philip Dru fights for the rights of the oppressed by overthrowing the American 
Fans of Island of the Blue Dolphins: Stay Away From Zia. Longtime fans of Scott O Dell s classic Island of the Blue Dolphins, do yourself a favor and avoid 
An Absolute Travesty--Deliberately Misleading. I bought a copy of the report feeling that I ought to research the government s account of the events of 9 11. That is of 
Thin and Padded Out. I ve always enjoyed Sara Paretsky s novels, despite the left-wing preaching. In the past this has been subordinated to character & plot. But not here. 
WOMBAT - Waste of money, brains and time. Don t bother - complete and utter rubbish. Too bad this cannot rate zero stars, it s not even worth that  
A major dissapointment. I bought this book nearly as soon as it came out, and I absolutely loved it. The cartoons and the layout of the book are superb. I 
Full of information, needs editing, and focus. The first four chapters of this book are very useful, but they are short and jumbled. The information in the appedicies is more 
Disconnected. This novel is narrated by a senior at an exclusive boys boarding school, portrayed as the type of place where all of the students are hiding their true selves. 
The book is not complete and at times can be misleading. Being a student of photojournalizm in Moscow, Russia, I looked for the most complete book on photographic composition that 
What a disappointment... Let me start by saying I had no less than 4 books I consulted on a regular basis during my pregnancy and my favorite was the week 
Manufacturing error. On the one hand, I loved the book, since I am a big fan of Thomas Paine. However, my particular copy was missing the last 50 pages or 
Futile Coming-of-Age Tale Where the Hero Learns Zilch. If Tom Perrotta meant Joe College to be a coming-of-age story, he fell flat on his face. Danny the protagonist comes from 
Lots of Information - poorly written. Ths book contains lots of information about what ought to happen in order to make a good golf swing. However, the writing style is 
A Real STINK Bomb. I can t believe I wasted as much time as I did on this book. This is perhaps one of the worst slap-together-a-story jobs in recent 
Whewww! Not For Me . . . A friend of mine, who is an avid reader of many types of literature like me, highly recommended this book. I made it 
A Potent Soporific. This book s tongue-in-cheek title led me to expect an entertaining and informative history of one of the world s great foods. I discovered, rather, an informative 
forget it. This wasn t any good as a hardback and reissuing itin paperback doesn t change matters.To get an idea of what you are in for, see the reviewsof 
Poorly written and edited, nothing new here. I wish I hadn t wasted my money on this book. I used to work for Rand for twelve years and was always 
Ewwww....... Let me start off by saying that I m not a fan of contemporary art. That being said, this book is incredibly difficult to read. For me, each sentence 
Readable but not worth the money... This book was on the bestseller s shelf at my local bookstore. I asked an employee about how books were selected for that shelf 
Hard to Swallow. I tried to read this book, but only made it about 50 pages. Despite the many rave reviews and status of this book, it did not ring 
As an adventure the story falls miserably short!. The hullabaloo surrounding the book will lead one to believe that this is an epitome of all adventure suspense stories. In reality, 
I caught a fish, this big!. In Let Freedom Ring, Sean Hannity sends out the subliminal message that he and his writing are about truth, justice, and the American way. 
An expensive disappointment!. I ve admired Mr.Faudree s work in Traditional Home magazine and just knew I would love the book. Unfortunately, most of it was a rehash of photos 
Well-written, terribly researched. This was the first book about Ottoman History I ever read. Having now read litterally hundreds of books about the subject, I re-read Kinross and have some 
Well, his heart was in the right place. There are parts of this book which are utterly engrossing. Rosemont constructs a fine narrative of events. Perhaps I should say events 
the whole rambling mess... After the hype on this book, I was extremely disappointed at how it rambled along with extraneous detail that never made a cohesive whole. I kept 
Not her best effort. I m a Tami Hoag fan, but this book was weak at best. The plot was predictable; the characters stereotypical and 2 dimensional. The reparte between 
What happened?. What happened? Magic Tree House series books 1-28 were great, with educational tales filled with historical relevance that used just enough magic to make the story work. Buy 
Boring. As someone who loves graphic novels and who has traveled widely in Asia, I wanted to like this book. Unfortunately, the vignettes lack feeling or meaning let alone structure 
Unpardonable Error. Unfortunately, my copy of edition 3 fell open to page 81, in which the author compares forces from a piston engine to forces generated by living tissue. Unfortunately, 
This Book is NOT Very Good. It s about a boy who started out in kindergarten. He found out that he would be in school a long time. He had 
Heinlein s Worst Sorry . Standard Heinlein Disclaimer: Heinlein is a frequently-polarizing figure in American literature. The people who dislike his work e.g., A. Panshin seem to really dislike his 
Disappointing!. I ve read several other mysteries by this author, but was quite disappointed in this one. The writing seemed padded --i.e. paragraph after paragraph that did nothing to advance 
Not Worth the Money. As is sometimes the case, the title of this book is somewhat misleading. Having read several books which were generally favorable to Greenspan I thought this 
Lacking in Practical Advice. If you are looking for inspiration or motivation to travel with your child ren or maybe just encouragement that it can be done , then this 
Not Much of a Storm. The Approaching Storm does not reach the level of the first books in the Star Wars Expanded Universe. The book is a tale of two 
Sensitive types. Highly Sensitive People HSPs are already sensitive to the role a book like this can play in their ability to take an active approach to self-understanding. Once one 
A long-running series has run too far downhill. It s not unreasonable for authors to give the characters in their mysteries background lives, and to have those lives evolve in 
Deeply flawed. The shortcomings of Doniger s general Indological scholarship have been detailed by Michael Witzel and Rajiv Malhotra. This book suffers from the same flaws. The translations are idiosyncratic, 
Nut case. Type Cooper s name into Google and learn about what a nut job he really was. He allegedly threatened a neighbor with a hand gun. A court issued 
A once great book whose time has passed. Once upon a time, I could not recommend this book highly enough. That s the problem-- once upon a time . In 
Revisionism. Sheila Fitzpatrick has written that the total number of those murdered by the Soviets is in the low hundreds of thousands. In other words, she is a crank. There 
MaryJanice, what happened????. The first two Betsy Taylor books were short but packed with humor and action. I ve re-read them both several times, and still love them. This one? 
Anti-Western new age nonsense. Zukav has a decidedly anti-Western tone and is obviously biased in favor of oriental thinking. This is new age gobbledegook passed off as a bare bones 
Welcome back my friends, to the show that never ends... When will it end?? NEVER! MUWHAHAHAHAHA! REVIEW CONTAINS SPOILERS First off, up until this point, I found the series moderately 
Avoid this one. The original Changewave Investing came out in 2000, at the height of the dot com boom. The book touted the New Economy or Techonomy , and how 
A poorly organized book about a fascinating topic. Psychology and Alchemy has a lot of interesting information, but it is not presented in any sort of organized fashion. Alchemy is 
boring dog trainer. The book is fine, except I had to skip lengthy descriptions about the dog trainer. She s such a boring character. She s young, but not motivated 
Okay for a beginner. I found this book rather...well...lame. To me, and this is just me, the information was nothing that you could not find on most basic websites. I 
ServSafe Coursebook - disappointed. I am very disappointed in this purchase. The only reason that I bought this book was to receive the NEW Scantron test! The Scantron test that 
Type too tiny to bother. I d heard about this book on some cable show and eagerly ordered it with the intent of reading a passage or two every day. 
What a silly, immature book. What a silly, immature book. The publisher should have packaged up some rabid froth to go with it.  
the plot itself could make a movie on Lifetime or Oxygen. do yourself a favor - don t waste your time with this book  
Late. As i still have not received this book, which is long overdue, i can not review it!!  
Paul and Roman Mithraism?. Per the editorial review: In his own writings, Paul draws from Mithraic vocabulary and symbolism. That s interesting, considering the earliest Roman mention of Mithras was 
almost boring. i just finished reading the book. there is nothing in it about velocity... It s boring, predictable and has lots of filler text  
We should all thank Ravi Batra. We should all be for Mr. Ravi Batri. By selling enough copies of this book and its sequel &quot;Surviving the Great Depression of 1990&quot; 
Action Adventure:YES Compelling:NO. Although his interesting childhood kept you glued to the first quarter of the book, the rest is just a basic cowboy s life written with little or 
Nostradamus: Prophecies Fulfilled and Predictions for Millen. Order the book Nostradamus by Stephen Skinner Francis King. Than  
Who wrote this?. I have read every Leaphorn Chee book by Hillerman more than once and am a great fan. I just finished this book and discussed it with a 
Almost Useless!. As an engineering student, I found this book very theoretical, which makes it more difficult to read than an actual PDE textbook. Also, unlike other Schaum s series, 
Did you all actually read it?. First off, I am an avid reader and love a long challenging read, however, this novel is one of the worst I have ever 
undone. i would just like to say that diane s recipies are not my personal favorites but whatever that marielle woman has to say is probably untrue. that was rude 
If you ve read GTD, you can probably skip Ready for Anything . Key points:1. One should read Allen s Getting Things Done GTD before reading Ready for Anything RFA 
No, NO, NO!. Menstrual bleeding, personal stories of abandonment and enlightenment, blah blah blah, a bunch of rubbish from aging people who were abused and now are better. Join a 
disappointing. I can t believe this book was written by the same author as Like Water For Chocolate. That book was brilliant. This one starts off promising but soon falls 
Don t waste your time. This book is beyond weak. I would like to give it negative stars if possible. The characters are confusing and little goes on with them 
Several important points, but de Soto oversells and is mind-numbingly repetitive. De Soto fundamentally argues that the reason poor countries are poor is because they have bad property rights: it 
An unreliable guide. When you are a big movie fan it s a good thing to get yourself a reference book to keep track of all things film. Although this 
The operative word here is Lightweight . I m still searching for a really amazing, knock my socks off Adobe Acrobat book, that will take me beyond what I could 
this is the most suckiest book i have ever read about algebra. this book sucks, it taught me nothing, because of this boook i faild algebra.DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Worthless. This book, as the other Olivia books, is witty and creative. Unfortunately, the book is rendered worthless and inappropriate by the poor content. Olivia lies. Yes, all children enjoy 
Did I miss something?. Did I miss something? Clearly from the title alone Dr. Sarno believes tension and tightening of muscles is the cause of most back leg pain. Where 
The horror... the horror... That was pretty much how I felt after finishing this terrible book.I m a Buffy fan something of a purist - as I don t like 
Hello my name is Bertie Wooster- I mean Jason Bourne- I mean... This poor unfortunate book has a tragic case of identity crisis. It is Wodehouse dressed up as MI-6, 
A Little Disappointing... I bought this book because David Sedaris recommended it at the last reading I attended. The stories are all on the dark side and they do not 
Some good stories, Not a great Collection. There are some good things as well as some bad things about Micro Fiction. The good thing about this book is that it 
 What to Expect way off the mark. I read this book after reading What to Expect When You re Expecting and was very disappointed. I liked Expecting, most likely 
Less credible than Christian orthodoxy. As a somewhat unorthodox Christian, I am not opposed to efforts to revisit the earliest sources of Christian tradition in order to discern the original 
Skeeter is Jar Jar Binks. Rabbit Redux is by far the worst of the Rabbit series and for one reason - the character of Skeeter. Never have I read a 
What amazing insights from a guy who talks to God snicker . Sorry for the sarcasm, but I can t help thinking just how uninspired this book is. Imagine a 
No longer standard! Do not use!. This dreadful anthology was once the standard English edition of Plato. I had to assign it when I taught courses on Plato because there 
Cheap, totally junky, do NOT waste your money!. We got this for our kids who are big Pirates fans. This toy should never have been released, it s a piece 
Lovely Topic. It s A Shame It s So Poorly Written!. This is perhaps the most poorly written general history I have ever read. Assigned reading in a Modern Indian 
poor investment. A redundant and poorly written tome that does not answer the important questions  
not the best self-help. The self-improvement books How to Win Friends and Influence People and Talking the Winner s Way are both way superior to this short book. Most of 
Review on what?. If this is an item you are interested in, forget about it. At least, forget about ordering it from Amazon. I ordered it in mid-January. It is 
All common sense. everything in this book is common sense. There is really very little to learn from this, and it is overpriced  
Obsolete. This is a civilian reprint of the 1983 ST31-91B. The issue version with it s waterproof pages is a collectors item and not worth much else. Both versions are 
ABC-CLIO STEALS FROM THEIR AUTHORS. ABC-CLIO STEALS FROM THEIR AUTHORS, PAYS THEM NOTHING, AND ROBS THEM BLIND. DO NOT PURCHASE BOOKS FROM THEM OR FROM THEIR SUBSIDIARIES. BOYCOTT THESE THIEVES!! 
Just enough truth to deceive - avoid this poison pill. Yes, childhood sexual abuse is a real problem, and those who were victimized in that way need to have the 
Down On Main Street . Is it really my failure, or theirs? Carol Kennicott asks herself this question nearly 250 pages into Main Street, regarding her impossible relations with the 
Not a good book. My daughter is into the Civil War so I bought this book for her. I read it first and am glad I did. I cannot recommend 
Designer. This is a very nice coffee table book, and for a beginning art novice there are some secrets . But, for artist with general high school level education this 
still shopping. I could have written this book in six words.......&quot;Because it makes you feel good!&quot  
Weak arguments, full of Hubris. Adams uses typical arguments meant to disarm traditional theists. Too bad the arguments are weak and tired. By the way, the only person who can 
thoroughly disappointing. Watch the mini series, skip the book.If you are a fan of history, and I m certain you are if you re reading this review, skip this book. 
Worthless Book - NO table of contents and pathetic index. We couldn t find ANY of the collectibles on which we needed information - and the index was the WORST 
Same as: Picture Book of the Continental Soldier. If you think this is a new title, beware. It is a new title on an old text: Picture Book of the 
Your Average topology student will be frustrated... This text is very very difficult to read for people like me, your average topology student. A difficult subject to grasp, the layout 
dissappointed. how can you have a book about past new orleans and not mention shotgun houses a very bad decisio  
High hopes - not fulfilled. I was really looking forward to reading this book after several warm recommendations, but I was sadly disappointed. The contents was reasonable giving, but the 
Shoddy Reserched Novel. I purchased this book a week ago and hardly impressed by Mr. Laurence Gardner s extremely shoddy scholarship and laughable gullibility. The book reads more like a 
I m Really Sorry,. I tried to read and love this book several times , and I have a degree from Columbia in Literature and I read a lot of 
Don t buy it. It a waste of money. This book is so lame... I regret every minute I spent reading it.  
Good information buried in fluff. This author needs to take two classes at whichever university she teaches: 1 instructional design and 2 writing concisely. This book has quite a lot 
Sooo Lifetime!. If you like this book you will probably like Bless the Child by Cathy Cash Spellman. They are very similar. This book can be summed up in one 
Not appropriate for MBA level. Somehow this book ended up being a required text in my full-time MBA program. We complained so much that this was a 1st year college 
No ZERO stars option?. Does anyone even care that the Author John Miller, formerly of ABC s 20 20 and then the head of counterterrorism for the LAPD, is currently 
Well played Nick, you took our money and didn t deliver. City girl and I recently read the six books. It was a delightful, warm, fun time, drinking wine and 
don t waste your time nor money. Terrible book.I followed the Scott Perterson trial, and I agree with a guilty verdict.So I thought it would be interesting to read what 
Beauty is skin deep. Such beautiful pictures, and they are great inspiration. Makes you want to spend the day in the kitchen. There it ends. I tried the white chocolate-candy 
What a Boring Book. Shadows on the Rock was a really really boring book! It didnt focus on any one subject and kinda just drifted from story to story. Why, 
Stuffy, predictable and annoying!. I borrowed this book a while ago, hoping for an enjoyable light read. Unfortunately not.The main character of this series, Amelia Peabody, is supposedly interesting. Unfortunately 
I don t know what s to like about this book!. Interesting and suspect that there is only one review and of course its &quot;raving&quot;. This book has not merit 
Title Contrary to Content. My husband purchased this book so that we could both spend time for devotional reading in efforts to build and maintain a stronger marriage; only to 
Despite my fear of being accused of... not being hip, I must venture out and say:Oh my God!!! What???? Who cares? Franny is pregnant. The big twist in this story 
Worset movie ever. I can t stand this movie, it s one of the worset.The acting is horrible, it s dark, gloomy, and so boring.It s fun to watch and 
A Bit Disappointed. I have read several of Nicholas Sparks books, but this one was different for me. It was a very very slow start. I was more than 150 
boring and inexact. the recipies in this book are plain and uninspired. they are also inexact. in the recipie for Tuna Noolde Casarole it calls for a bag of pasta. 
Not for beginners. I am a beginner to real estate trying to understand pros and cons of real estate investment. I wanted a book which would explain me step by 
Better for a good laugh than anything..... Thankfully, I found this book at a secondhand store so I didn t pay much for it. It is not worth the money. 
legalism to tha max. justifaction, santification and holiness, are all linked to one thing the finished work of christ. guys like this say we are justified by faith but were 
not very good... i ve read close to 100 outlines on bible prophecy. watcher s a sincere but sadly poor guide. the information s winded. sorry marilyn hickey  
WHY IS NEWT PERPETUATING THE JESUS FREAK CAUSE? OUR FOUNDING FATHERS WERE NOT CHRISTIANS!!!. This propaganda is by a guy who tried to impeach Clinton while he himself had an 
One of the worst novels I have finished this year. Maybe it is me but this novel was about as exciting as watching the grass grow. It is the first 
The protection of the Remnant. Petra of all places. Supernatural protection, persecution, on ad naseum. The one drug on, and on, and on, and on ......Same tired story, persecution by 
Not Krentz s best!. I usually really enjoy Jayne Ann Krentz and her alter ego Amanda Quick, but I actually returned this one to the library unfinished. I found it 
Save your money. I have not read this book either and do you know what? - I ve found that all the best book reviews at Amazon are written by 
Does not start the job well. This book does not do a good job of getting the small experiments running. And w o that, it is difficult to get any 
An easy read to kill the time, but not much more. Reading Dark Harbor is like watching a mediocre TV show that you can t be bothered to turn off. 
very dissapointing. I was very dissapointed in this book the only good story was Sherrilyn Kenyon s and it was far too short!I was really looking forward to this book 
Many important topics not discussed. This is supposed to be a concise book, but it sadly does not tackle the most practical aspects that are needed for front-liners.Example: when talk 
Okay, but there are better books out there. If you get this book, do so for one of two reasons:1 You want entertaining tidbits about weird stuff2 You already own 
Boring. Don t get me wrong, I do enjoy Card s writing, especially his, uh, Enderverse . I loved Ender s Game, I absolutely adored Speaker for the Dead, I 
Don t expect much~. This book is the first one you will reach for if it is your first pregnancy. Save your cash and get it from the library. Then 
Really lousy attempt at depth and humor. This is the kind of garbage they teach you to write in college--imitations of what s on the shelf right now, only smarter, 
Very Basic Info. Wow. This basically boiled down to a waste of about of the book s purchase price. Before you buy, beware. This would probably be a good book 
Tiresome recap of an exhaustive list of life events. President Clinton s autobiography reads as a near endless series of events rehashed from his diaries. It frequently appears as though 
For those who like this kind of book... If you think you d find a lot of unrelated platitudes interesting, then you ll enjoy this book.  
Avoid if you have a working brain... Actually, I would give this book NO STARS, but there s no tab for that.Let s begin with the title to Chapter 29: 
I disliked Anna. I can actually understand Morvan s character better given the 14th century backdrop of this novel. However, Anna sounded more like a 21st century feminist to me. 
Don t waste your money. First, it took forever to get this book shipped and then when I did receive it - what a disappointment. Most of the photos are 
Not What I thought. As a student starting law school I thought that this book would give me an advantage in my legal research and writing class, boy was wrong... 
a cynical author who hates animals. I decided to give this book a chance, but wish I hadn t. The author has a hateful attitude toward animals that is simply 
Lacking Insight. If you re lookiing for valuable insight into how great businesses were conceived and executed this is not the book for you. Each business is given only a 
dont buy. My goodness this book droned on and on about belonging and longing without any real wisdom coming through. I will never buy a book again because someone else 
Ultimately simplistic. This book has its good points. The editorial review mentions dynamism, and the lectures are certainly that. Also, when the review argues that this book is a sort 
Great Marble Ilustrations, but try and find the description!. This book has fabulous marble illustrations, but absolutely no cross-referencing so a user can look up the description of the marble 
Can we give 0 stars?. After seeing Ted nearly amputate his own leg on TV while cutting down a sapling that a boy scout could ve cut down with a 
Not-So-Real Stews. This book reveals just how precious and convoluted the process of cooking has become for the self-consciously culinarily sophisticated. As a previous reviewer has mentioned, many of its 
for the coffee table, not the kitchen. I got this as a gift from my son, since I had just visited Tuscany last year and loved the food. I am 
An interesting... something. Someone should really recommend a dictionary in addition to this book.Words like dearth , didactically , enantiomorph , cancan , croon , corporeal koan , cachet , 
This book is not worth the paper it s printed on!!!. This book should get 0 stars; speaking as an artist myself, the theories laid out in this book are 
Johansen is obsessed with showers. The characters in this book are forever taking showers. When they re not taking showers, they are either planning to take a shower, wishing they 
Let s get real. This is the kind of art that show me the power of fiction over reality. Why did he use those sizes? Wow! Did you see them? 
Poor scholarship. I have often enjoyed this author s work; however, this time I believe that the author uses her evangelical Christianity to mask unexamined prejudices. I believe that, in 
Terrible Book. Oh my, all the terrible reviews for this book are true!! Ms. Steel is excessively repetitive....I mean EXCESSIVE. Ms. Steel goes into too much background on the characters 
Highbrow Negotiation Techniques. Although I admire Howard Raiffa s book Smart Choices, this book doesn t appeal me at all. I felt his approach to negotiation too theoretical and extremely 
not really what i wanted. i was kind of disappointed in this book. the format was really neat, but i thought i would really love it and it was just 
a waste of paper. I thought this book was very unrealistic and insulting,for one thing the girl s name is spelt wrong.i had trouble finishing off the book because it 
too much ego. For someone who has spent so much time ostensibly obliterating his ego, Pinchbeck uses the words I, me, and mine with surprising frequency. Breaking Open the Head 
DO A GOOGLE SEARCH FIRST. Before you buy this book cut paste the following words into a Google search: Hank Hanegraaff financialThen come back to this review.It makes me weap 
 Dear god please think of the Children or Falafel. . Amazon truly did you all a favor by mercifully offering you an excerpt of ten whole pages of Mr. 
soldier-poet wannabe. This book has a great cover and not much else. If the actual combat could be condensed into a smaller book, it would be about 15 pages long. 
[Misrepresented]. This book was not written by Hayek. It was written by editor and confidant W.W. Bartley when Hayek was sick and incapacitated. The only parts written by Hayek were 
High expectations, bitter disappointment. As a prospective Brittany owner I have been researching the breed for about 6 months and from the outside, &quot;Living with Brittanys:A Survival Guide&quot; seemed like 
Check this book out of your public library. White author Andrew Hacker mercilessly flays Whites and shamelessly sucks up to Blacks. Two Nations is for Whites who want to feel 
A Failure of Nerve?. Yes, there are worthwhile portions of this book, such as the author s dissection of some of the idiocies of free market capitalism and the children 
I Agree With The Others. I defenitly agree with all of the others. Some of the stories were good... Like 3 or 4... the Sarah Dessen one, Sarah Mylnowksi one, 
Underwater close encounter of the boring kind. This 1987 thriller focuses on Norman Johnson, a psychologist who specializes in large disasters like plane crashes. As the novel opens he is 
The writing never really comes together... This is a collection of short stories revolving around the new founder of her own detective agency. The book spends a fair amount of 
Pass on this one. It s not just algebra, there is some statistics also. For the most part not well layed out. I would pass on this one  
this book is garbage. i had to rate this book one star because there was no ZERO ! This book is complete garbage and the worst investment you can make 
NOT a history book!!. This book should be placed in the historical fiction section. It is NOT a history book! The author was so skewed and biased that it was 
A lot of pages with little to say. In all, I think this story could have been written in about ten pages in The New Yorker, or some publication like 
Disorganized. I found this book to be poorly written and disorganized. It also mentions some products in general terms but never tells what the products are  
Throwing the baby out with the bath water... This book makes some decent statements. However, Korten goes way overboard on his assault, and in doing so ends up throwing the 
Sholarly and deeply considered? NOT. I am so appalled that I contributed even one penny to this blatently anti-semitic, history denying xenophobe. I only wish I could rate this a 
Voodoo Physics. Gary Zukav states in his introduction I had never studied physics. In fact I didn t like science and I had no mathematical aptitude.On Opra TV he admitted 
don t waste your money. I should have listened to the people who wrote negative reviews, this book is a complete and total ripoff, it tells you nothing , save 
amazingly naive vibration. This is a truly amazing book! This is a book written by a highly uneducated person for even less educated reader. As the author says in the 
Biblical Creation attempts to be a science. Morris believes that the Bible can be scientifically proven. This is impossible, since the Bible is a religious text. It is an interesting 
Disappointing. General common sense advice on confidence and self-improvement, but nothing very specific or useful.There are other books much more helpful if one wants to learn how to approach and 
Profound Disappointment. Perhaps I had been expecting a true sequeal to the original. I was so excited when I saw the book but instead of a taut, touching tale I 
Civil War history lite.. skip it. Treats some of the stories of the Civil War in the west without explaining the larger issues. This is an inexpensive book, but not 
Great story - poorly developed... I ordered HOW I STOLE HER HUSBAND after reading all the positive reviews here and thought I would get get a fun breezy romance type 
Outdated and Jaded. This book is a nice overview of various options available to those having difficulty conceiving. Unfortunately, this field changes quickly, and since it s publication it s 
Deviance or Brilliance?. Mr. Irving is a renowned writer who has pleased readers with books like, The World According to Garp, Prayer for Owen Meany and Cider House Rules. There 
Good Grief This Was Bad!. I am an AVID reader, pretty intelligent and read at least 1-2 books a week more when on vacation . I have read books about 
G is for Gumshoe. The second tape does not move backwards or forwards. I am very diappointed  
Disappointed again. I think, like many readers of the Anita Blake series, one question keeps coming to mind. Why do I continue to read her? The reason is that there 
bloodless and draining. This book should have been better--it s a comprehensive collection of journaling ideas--but the final effect is bloodless and draining. Sadly, the author saves significant journal writing 
Absolute trash. What sort of racist trash is this? As an Asian, I was extremely insulted by the occasional racial slurs against Asians in this book. Chinese people like nothing 
Based on Impractical Assumptions. The benefits of an armed society can never be adequately weighed against the detriments for a variety of reasons, the chief one being a dearth of 
Went in with high hopes... ...and was left putting the book down every two seconds because I was annoyed by it. It is not marvelously written; in fact, I found 
No Pressing Instructions???. After I cut out all the pieces for the My Heart Belongs to Chocolate quilt I discovered that there are no pressing instructions for this quilt and 
Huge disappointment and overly simplistic. I was really looking forward to this book as a fan of some of his earlier books, especially five dysfunctions of a team, which is 
For the Choir. Santayana has a flowing style and is a master of rhetoric. Do not read this work if you are looking for a well argued thesis. He lets 
Poor service. Product misrepresented. The book we received was not the full book with the ISBN number we ordered. It was volume one of two with a different ISBN number, 
Good book, bad reading. Unfortunately some audio books are read in monotone-very dull indeed-but in this audio book the reader goes too far in the opposite direction by reading an 
Very Disappointed. I am very disappointed with the recipes in this book. I love to cook, love to try new recipes, and bought this book on the strength of others 
You are kidding right?. This book proports to be a serious expose of a vast conspiracy involving the space program. The landings and moonwalks that we watched worldwide were, according 
This book is Bedlam!. The back cover to this book was intriguing, and captured me immediately. The writing, however, was so plodding, so inconsistent, and so non-sequential that it was 
More than a disappointment!. I wanted to cry when I put this book down because I miss the Danielle Steele that wrote Thurston House , Family Circle and others. For 
Instructions Not Included!. This book is for very experienced quilters only, in my opinion. I didn t see instructions regarding how to sew the various block parts together to make 
Shows the weakness of the Catholic church. Amy Welborn has written a kind of book that I find hard to believe exists at all: A book written specifically in reaction 
Wow this product really sucks!. I was very interested in this product when I read the description. However, after recieving the product was disappointed to find that way in which 
Save your money. Don t buy this book. The Magic Lantern Guide, late though it is, is a much more comprehensive book.The book s title is misleading. It s not 
Rechy s mosting disappointing and retch inducing novel. Open this book to any page and you ll be bombarded with one graphic, gratuitous, poorly written, laugh out loud sex scene 
If this is classic nature lit, then maybe its just me... I am going to resign from critiquing this book on a literary scale, and just say that I didn 
Hey I ve got a great idea. The Da Vinci Code is a worldwide phenomenon, staying on the New York Times Bestseller List for over 2 years. I think I 
Bit More than a Kiss. . In the Long Ago Far Away, I remember reading some of the Anita Blake series, but being no fan of mysteries or detectives I 
Avoid at all costs. This is by far the worst action adventure book I have ever read. I m surprised that aliens didn t show up at the end to 
Long and drawn out. This seemed too long and too drawn out  
Dissapointed!. I was very dissapointed by this book, but maybe it s because I love bright, vibrant colors...... Traci uses dirty , muddy colors, and I think this book looks 
Prescient but dated. Although I can certainly understand the appeal of this groudbreaking precambrian cyberpunk novel, the story and language are hopelessly dated to a modern reader. In a way 
This will BORE you to death!. Im a regular reader of Forbes Magazine, and theres nothing i love more then reading about inspirational stories of entrepreneurs, businessmen, tycoons etc so 
a story about ideals versus self protection; fear versus identity. In this novel, Ha Jin writes like a Chinese Michel Houllebecq- the language is simple and direct, and the ultimate 
All is Lost, Indeed. I ordered this on the faith of the title, but reached the last pages at least I reached them rather... lost.Often spiteful, occasionally prurient, more often 
Probably my last Elaine Flinn book. I too really enjoyed the first two books in this series and was saving this installment as one I was sure to love. But 
Not that well written. I usually really hate to critize a book like this, but this book was not what I expected it to be. This book was to be 
Be ready to fall asleep. I have previously enjoyed all of Suzanne Brockmann s books but this one is a departure from her usual interesting fiction. I have struggled to 
Author is not very smart. After reading this book you will realize this guy doesnt know what he is talking about. Very close minded and not open to any changes. 
760 Pages of Torture. Would you stand in line at an Applebee s for three hours in order to eat a hamburger when you could get a hamburger just as 
Not much better than astrology. While this book may give some basic ideas that are useful to keep in mind while you are trying to understand your relationships with others, 
Why continue to be deceived... Tim LaHaye, Jerry Jenkins, and others in the Pre-Trib circle, such as Ed Hindson, Tommy Ice, Chuck Missler, etc., continue to put forth the same 
I don t care what critics say...this book was horrific. While it may have been well written, this book is disturbing and disgusting to put it mildly. If you or 
Skip this book and go to the source... Dr. Cutler barely mentions the acupuncurist from whom she learned her methods, but it was probably Dr. Devi Nambudripad or someone trained 
unfinished. Seemed like a good start, however pages 25 - 57 were missing and I had to return it, Am waiting for you to send it to me and I 
Worst book on FX that I have ever read. I would agree with the prior review that states that author has not even tested whether what he advises works or 
Not sure what the fuss is about... I just didn t enjoy this book. I don t mind so much that a book isn t plot driven if the language 
What exactly is of the essence here?. &quot;Everything is an echo,&quot; Ilan Stavans wrote in the essay Lost in Translation. &quot;To live is to plagiarize, to imitate, to steal.&quot; And 
Big disappointment. Sorry to be a naysayer, but I wish I could have seen this bookbefore I purchased it. It has many pages devoted to nothing littlewords and big cartoon 
Avoid this book like the plague that it is. This book is horrible, plain and simple. It is repetitive, there is no point to it, and it has almost nothing 
What?. The writing was very disjointed in my opinion. I had to read and re-read many sentences to figure out what the author was trying to say. It was a 
Underwhelmed. I, too kicked myself for falling for the marketing hype that surrounds this mediocre book. As others have noted, the text is uneven, hints a multiple authors, and is 
Stephen King Was My Teen Years. I d read most of King s stuff during the uh decade of my UTe. Salem s Lot and Pet Cemetery being the hook 
What good there is undermined by bigotry. Though Mr. Steyn does have strong opinions and some good observations, his judgements are tainted by an anti-gay bias he titles one chapter 
One star for being short ... ... but one star is all it gets. It lacks sufficient depth for such an interesting topic and drags needlessly over obvious arguments. Those 
READ THE BOOK, SKIP THE AUDIO VERSION!. I am reviewing the audio version of the book. I would give this zero stars if I could, only because of the narration. 
A waste of money. This ghetto dude glorifies a life of pimpin,druggin,and other illicit business s he spends about 2 pages in the book talking about his so called new 
Stop killing trees. I am always interested in the intellectual history of science, particularly the Faustian dilemma. Often we want to sell our souls to the devil for an article 
Terrible! Don t buy it!. The box looks like the calender is in color , but it is black and white. The jokes are not funny and the pictures are 
disappointed. I have twin 5-year olds and we travel every chance we get, from local treats, National Parks, and campouts, to the Smithsonian, old forts, and amusement parks, but I 
Didn t Hold Up Over the Years. What was an exciting adventure novel back in the 1970 s for a young pre-teen was I ever so young? on re-reading now 
Book of Reprints. Be forwarned, this book merely reprint articles from past and some may say ancient issues of Model Railroader magazine. An expert model-railroader could probably create some of 
Mixed feelings. I would be the first to praise Alice Walker s skill as a story teller, and her prose always entertains me and makes me think. That s why 
House of Kolor Advertisement. Overall the book didn t flow well. For instance, there were pictures on pages that the text didn t relate to. It did have some good 
Rip-Off. This book is a joke. For a beginner looking for a comprehensive guide for investing, don t buy this book, unless you want a lesson in being ripped off. 
BORING!. I was able to finish this book, unlike Gilead but this author is soooo boring! Will not read another by her, no matter what the reviews  
Oh , Do Enlighten Us John. Yeah, I happen to agree that the Bush administration is incompetent. Bush spends like a drunken democrat Teddy K.? and he s even slower 
Too old fashioned. This book provides an interesting framework but lacks the modern thinking of the Third Wave by Smith and Fingar and contains more of the old Business Process 
Don t buy me!. Listen to all the other reviewers. It s THAT bad. I was at the airport facing a nice relaxing trip & saw the book & bought 
Sophie s Choice Gone Wrong. This is the story of Stingo, a 22 y o aspiring writer in NYC in 1947 who meets a pair of lovers, Sophie and Nathan, 
For Jabber s sake, what a disappointment!. China Mieville s first two novels set in the world of Bas-Lag gave him a well-deserved reputation as the most important young writer 
Creed of Iron needs sources and better artwork. Do not get me wrong... The book is an interesting read and should at least help wake the millions of slumbering folk 
Prosy or clunky, and not as faithful as it might be. First, it ought to said that, as poetry in English, this translation of Rimbaud fails utterly. Mason indicates in 
Don t waste your time. This book belongs to the George Steiner school of writing - extremely pretentious, aggressively obscure, frustratingly allusive, barely grammatical. How can Cambridge, home of Russell 
Turgid and slow. Researching the history of race relations between Korean Americans and other groups, I purchased this book because of its subject matter. Although it describes some key events 
Don t waste your time and money !!!. This book is neither good contents nor sharp predicts. What is this book?I think it is just garbage. If you want get 
How to Start and Manage a Coin-Operated Laundries Business. This poorly bound, poorly written book is practically stealing from people who buy it. It is a pre-fab mess. There is 
A real farse. I read the other reviews and thought wow, a good source of knowledge. Instead I got a book full of ridiculous so called tools to help in 
Dull and Plotless. While comedian Al Franken is normally quite humorous, this novel was a bit dull. There s very little plot and after awhile every page seems like the 
Advice from a ghost. Don t the reader reviewers of this book realize that Charles Givens settled numerous fraud lawsuits against him and his orginization in the early 1990 s? 
Bait &amp; Switch. As a raw foodist, I hoped this book would help me sort out fact from fiction about cooked vs. raw, providing me with ammo for the many 
The book is a joke and a rip-off. The book is very poor. The technical part is useless. The author is either totaly confused or he s doing this on 
Novel has obvious flaws in plot and structure. The Murder Book is one in a long series featuring Alex Delaware, and only the second I ve read, and most likely 
Too much preaching. There really should be a disclaimer on the back of this book; the description given doesn t prepare the reader for the incessant preaching. What could have 
not for me. Tsukiyama knows hwo to write beautifully, BUT her metaphors and poeticisms feel too contrived. This novel is for lonely, flighty housewives. If you enjoy daytime soaps and 
Eyeless in Gaza. Hey! I gave Elizbeth Royte s book 5 stars not 2 ! The secret wonders she works in this book! Elizabeth Royte is a transformative writer, an 
Unendurable. This book was on somebody s Amazon.com LISTMANIA for Sea Turtles, so I hunted it down. It is only vaguely about sea turtles, in that it is set on 
Risque designs with little instruction. Most of the t-shirt designs in this book are just plain bizarre... A lot of large holes cut out of the t-shirt or jagged edges 
Waste of time, waste of paper, waste of money. This book does have one merit. The thermodynamic tables in the back are extensive and easy to read. There is a 
Old woman rambling. I think the Annie Dillard name is the sole reason for this book being published. I write the word book in quotes because to call this a 
Let s reinforce gender differences from the start. It s great that little girls who are being potty trained are learning that they have a pee pee and all, but 
Confusing but amusing. My 1 1 2 yr old laughs but I don t think it s bc the airplane is inside the airport. This RS I would not buy 
Blah Blah Blah Blah....too much talk, not enough action. This book is putting me to sleep! I bought it a few days ago and have spent that ENTIRE time reading. 
Interesting Tests, Not Insightful Results. This book has some interesting tests to take-- how romantic are you? How much do you know about Sex? How aggressive are you?I was hoping 
Short-Changed. I was excited when I saw this book at my local book store and after flipping throught it made an immediate decision to purchase. I wish now I had 
The Audio book of this title sent me to sleep!. First of all, I want to make this clear that the two stars I give to this title has nothing 
Not helpful. This book looks good only at first sight. However, try and solve the exercises and you see there is more to VaR than the author wants us to 
Living in a bubble. I read this book with absolutely no knowledge of Barna, his revolution, or any biases in relation to it. I would like to make the comment 
incoherant and inconcise. Using this book as a required text for a brush up seminar course for an MBA program, I ve found this book did not do enough reviewing 
The mystical magical wonderful book. The book was about a girl named Jennifer and a toad that she bought from a magic shop for a school project about pets. The 
For the rich and dedicated. Deals mostly with higher demominations of chips. Many people like myself collect as we travel and only collect 1 chips  
Katz does have a problem but it isn t a midlife crisis. Jon Katz does have a problem but it isn t a midlife crisis. This is a book about 
This probably isn t the book you re looking for. If you re looking for the text of the Gospel of Judas, you want the one edited by Rudolphe Kasser, 
 The Bell Curve in new clothes -- empirical lies and logical fallacies included. I jotted down more than 200 words of notes on just the first 10 pages of 
Don t waste your money. After spending a lot of money to buy the book and the ingredients for recipes in this book, everything I tried was a tasteless flop. 
Confusing Nervous with Dishonest. This man obviously knows nothing about human behavior. Most people know that just because someone can t hold your eye contact does not mean that they 
Digressive is right. The cover of the book calls it wildly digressive. Too true! I want to read this book but I find myself becoming infuriated with the writing style. 
Don t waste your time. Fontane s examination of upper class Germany in the nineteenth century ultimately proves to be a scathing indictment of the &quot;me first&quot; mentality, but, and 
Very Hard to Replicate. Beautiful pictures, but the dishes were nearly impossible to replicate and some were overly arranged. Food as art. Some of the ingredients are unavailable or overly 
Pompous wannabe adventurer doctor. Kamler, makes me want to puke. this pompous, arrogant wannabe adventurer writes like he is gods gift to high adventure. Maybe being the onsite doctor is 
A very credible book, except......... It was interesting to read a review that commented It is still true, you can not find any study in those countries about Christianity .That 
My First Koontz Reading. For the first 15 or 16 chapters of Sole Survivor, I was intrigued and interested. I found myself, as I usually do, trying to visualize where 
A Big Disapointment. This book is a big disapointment. The begining chapters have some useful information, but much of it can easily be found on the web. The 220 franchises 
A total disappointment and very depressing. I ve always been a huge fan of Nicholas Sparks, and I couldn t wait to read Dear John. Well, there was no reason 
The PC Version of the End of the World. Max Brooks has written a must-have history for Romero or just Zombie fans every where. Unfortunately, while the story starts off 
My kids won t eat this stuff... This might work for families with older teenagers, but my kids 10 and 13 just won t eat things like baked fish or 
Utterly Average. I was scouting around for a new British crime series to start and heard good things about Peter Robinson. So, when I came across this second in the 
questionable claims and an impractical way to eat. If your body has no problems with insulin insenstitivity and you have terrific will power, then maybe this plan is right for 
some of you guys are being ridiculous here!. Sure this book is interesting, but it is biased and out of date with modern day psychiatry. Yeah they used to as 
not too good... maybe it s because i didn t read avengers disassembled, but i just didn t buy into the house of m and its story. felt more like 
A Long, Depressing Journey. When our book club selected this novel, I was enthusiastic ~ the premise appeared to leave so much room for the development of great characters and 
Overindulgent Narrative. Anyone hoping to encounter the same unflinching brilliance found in Everything is Illuminated will be sorely disappointed. The narrative is tedious, overindulgent, and, at times, utter nonsense. Maybe 
THIS BOOK IS HORRIBLE. Okay, now, for all of you who are expecting a book that teaches interesting morals and cool things in it, put this book away right now!!! 
Faster: A List of Facts and Speculations. I obviously did not conducting enough research before buying this book. I am seventeen and this was an easy read, but I was 
Uninteresting. While the concept was certainly revolutionary at the time this book was written, I found the story itself uninteresting and sexist. I would not recommend this book.  
Not the best... I would have to say that I don t particularly agree with this book. I mean, in my opinion, the most important thing about an apple is 
There is a problem. The problem is: If you are not familiar with 20th Century Irish history, you will be lost reading this book when Part 1 ends. Doyle provides 
The title says it all... I m a business planning consultant and a client just gave me a copy of this book. Way too basic, not enough help on the 
Disappointed: Lacks practical application. This was my first Kay Arthur book. I am comparing it to the impact Philip Yancey s and Max Lucado s books had on me. I 
Worst Book Of 2004 - 2005. Recently I got into a conversation with the guy next to me on the plane about some of the memorable books we had each 
Cosmo Style of Writing - very basic info. This was a painful read. The writer writes as though she s writing for Cosmo magazine, almost patronizing style of writing in 
Too abstract. This book is full of excellent information with tools and methodologies for future systems analyst work BUT the information is so abstract. There are no real practical examples 
What s with all the kvelling?. So far I ve seen 67 out of 68 positive reviews for this book, and I say Hurrah for Richard Russo for all his 
A Big Blowhard. This guy may be a good gin player, but he s really full of himself.His advice is excessively basic.Also, he admits that he cheats at cards for 
not the well rounded book you would expect from the title. This book is part of the Everything series of books, so you would expect it to have a little 
Ultimately a Dreary Read. This is the only one of Myers book that I read. I disliked it early on - but I was determined to see it through. The 
hard to grasp. I love to read christian fiction but this was a bit disapointing. For the first time I actually wished that the main character, Jessica, would just go 
Disappointing but readable. Two-and-a-half stars. In Requiem, Faulkner pens a sequel to his sensational novel Sanctuary, attempting to navigate the troubled marriage of Gowan and Temple Stevens. He delves deep 
The Marketing of Evil. The only thing I have to say, is that it should have been listed as pure fiction  
not for bread makers. I bought this book doing a search with two phrases, whole grain and bread machine. The book promises to easily convert her recipies from oven to 
Not very simple!. Great Book for domains with child domains but for simple starters it is not what I thought it would be. Limited detail in the migration and even 
Imitation scholarship. Yes, Rifkin s descriptions of the cultural differences between Americans and Europeans make interesting reading, but the vast majority of what he says is anecdotal, if not inaccurate. 
this is hard to write... but not as hard to read as this book. I ordered this and The Favorite Game, taking advantage of Amazons buy two and get a 
Bill s AssKissZone. Read Andrea Makris law suit at www.thesmokinggun.com all the dirty details are there, and should be required reading for anyone who reads O Reilly or takes him 
Couldn t stand it. This is the first book I have tried to read by Kingsolver, and I couldn t finish it. The first 100 pages as far as I 
Who wrote this? Surely not Hillerman. If Tony Hillerman wrote this novel novella actually , I sure can t tell. I have been a Chee Leaphorn fan for many years, 
a good story presented in an awkward format. Although I enjoyed the story itself, this deluxe edition really didn t do anything for me. The book is 9.5 x 13 
Warning!!!!. This review is for the audio edition. No stars is the true rating of a silly conversation with an old guy who cannot talk. The level of the meanings 
Oh, How This Book Doesn t Work for Its Market. If you can endure Franken s cycle of hilarious writing to crap to writing about how crappy it is before 
Boring. What a waste of time. This book is good for one thing. It reminded of something I need to work on. My stubbornness. Sometimes I can be just too 
Quality of the delivered product. While the reason for buying the book was met required text book for university study the condition of the delivered item was very substandard. When 
Quite a surprise!. I went to the library with my 4 year old son and just grabbed the book. We have read Pinkerton stories and have always loved them and 
Love Me Daddy. A killer for a local mob boss, who is also the goon s surrogate daddy, kills his way through a long tedious book. There is time out 
Thinly Disguised Demagoguery. By title, this book claims to be a how to guide. The first section, however, belies this by explaining that you should leave it to professionals. Having 
Slow paced. I recently read I , K , and L in succession. Compared to Innocent and Killer , I found Lawless to be slow paced even though this edition 
Disappointing and Unconvincing. I thoroughly enjoyed the author s earlier work on how the Irish saved civilization. But this book was a disappointing compendium of Greek myths, legends and history 
The Three Pigs. I would not buy this version of the old classic for very young children. In this version two of the pigs get eaten by the wolf, and 
Not the most useful. As a student of many books, I can safely say that this offered less information on the subject title of any book I have read. It 
This book was far to outdated to be helpful. I was disapointed when I saw the cover but figured the information would still be helpful. I was wrong. The list 
Just Plain Bad. David Guterson weaves a tale of religious mystery in his novel Our Lady of the Forest. Ann Holmes, a 16-year-old runaway, claims to have seen the Virgin 
Pretty bad... Why did I think a book about a blue shoe was going to be an interesting read??? I can hardly give this book a one star. I ve 
Propaganda. I have never read such bull in my life. As an educator with her recent Masters in Education, I debunk Greene s theories. I suggest reading actual research done 
Tiresome, tiresome, tiresome . . . Though I was intrigued by the novel after reading Eco s The Name of the Rose, I found the book unbearably dull. It took 
Not a smooth read. Maybe it redeemed itself eventually but this was one of the few books that I quit reading 3 4 of the way through. For whatever reason, 
With whom has he been interviewing?. I did not count, but it did not seem as though I read 201 answers, but fewer. In many years of working and interviewing, 
A Little Dry. I found the book informative while reading it, but also a bit confusing and a little dry, best used for a college course and not for recreational 
More Disinformation, good for fireplace. More garbage that subtly steers the reader away from the idea that Washington had No Idea about the 911 attacks and that they merely screwed 
Totally pointless. The essays were moderately amusing, but not a good use of my time. If you want short amusing essays, go for something like Gig or I Thought My 
have a hot plate. This slender paperback has a lot to offer in the food category, which is the main point. The recipes were more gourmet and ethnic than I 
Why continue to be deceived... Tim LaHaye, Jerry Jenkins, and others in the Pre-Trib circle, such as Ed Hindson, Tommy Ice, Chuck Missler, etc., continue to put forth the same 
Great story but poor edition screen play. Heads Up-This is not a novel or book. It is a small paperback, stapled-together screen play edition. Print is very small and difficult 
Giving Up on Steel. Danielle Steel used to be one of my favorite authors. However, Wanderlust was the last book of hers that I really liked. I bought The House 
Strange book. I too was required to read this book in the 6th grade. I couldn t understand how this book could be an award then or now. I m 
One more in a series of ... books. What is with these British anthologizers? How perverse a talent it is to find short, comedic stories which are not funny. Sweet 
piece of ... Those other reviewers are probably people that helped write the book. I had to search all over to find the right instructions to each exercise. Some of 
I haven t drunk the Kool-Aid... ...Meaning, I am not enamored of this book. It was overlong, silly, poorly written, repetitive, it had cardboard characters, and was nothing but a 
Terrible. This book starts of interesting however the book goes on and on and on about scenarios involving people over the phone,it rarely mentions person to person or online scams.The 
Don t buy anything by this guy. This guy is a convicted felon and crook.Note: all positive reviews only have one review in the history.  
Voodoo Physics. Gary Zukav states in his introduction I had never studied physics. In fact I didn t like science and I had no mathematical aptitude.On Opra TV he admitted 
Hug Away Your Homosexuality???. [...] This book is absolutely NOT about science. The book completely ignores or dismisses a number of studies that have been done by Christian and secular 
Same Sh Different Day. Clearly this book was written to shock and disgust the reader. It largely succeeeds.The overriding weakness of the book is that all the characters basically act, 
Torture is Good for the Commonweal. Noted civil libertarian Alan Dershowitz joins forces with noted civil libertarian Dick Cheney in Why Terrorism Works and calls for the judicious use of 
Important story, poor book. I give James Bradley much credit for making this important, though unpalatable, story better known. We need to realize that as human beings, Americans are not 
Why continue to be deceived... Tim LaHaye, Jerry Jenkins, and others in the Pre-Trib circle, such as Ed Hindson, Tommy Ice, Chuck Missler, etc., continue to put forth the same 
Worst Vampire book of 2006. Story had potential, but the heroine was totally unlikeable.She continually made what were supposed to be smart and sassy comments, but came across as snarky 
2.5 stars for this one... probably the most over-hyped book I ve ever read. No SpoilersWhere to start. This could easily turn into a long review, but I don t 
revelation stretch. A Christian Fundamentalist interpretation of Islam as the Beast of Revelation. There are better sources for an understanding of the relationship between Christianity and Islam  
Zen Reflections not Tea Parties. I purchased this book while planning a Tea Party. The statement 15 seasonal Tea Parties on the front of the book is misrepresentative of the 
souls of black folk. was worthless...was not the correct match for my class book requirement. Never used it...if someone wants it you can have it for free  
See the movie instead. Good Eastwood-Streep movie, but terrible book. The plot itself is fine, but the manner in which the book is written is amateurish and just plain sappy. 
Blaming the victims. Andrew Mango is a well-known denier of the Armenian Genocide and this book is unfortunately predictable both in the facts it highlights or suppresses and in its 
Missing content. This is a little fun thing to read, but it provides too little content in my mind  
Not for everybody.... If you are looking for a book, where you can read and enjoy the stories... this is not for you. The way it is written, is so 
Beautiful Beginning Painful illogical Ending. I hope the ending is illogical at least and is fiction. If thoughts are that powerful, they need to be resrained earlier. I don t 
I don t get it!. It s TM for golfers with a Scotish accent. Can t believe this book has a following  
2 stars for content, 0 stars for poor writting. Absolutely terrible. So many good points all jumbled up. It felt like it was written, by a grade 8 English student 
Don t expect much~. This book is the first one you will reach for if it is your first pregnancy. Save your cash and get it from the library. Then 
only adds to the madness. Gary Demar s dumbed down book says every thing occured in 70 A.D. Demar claims that Matthew 24 word for word describes everything that was 
a waste of money. We are simply told how the truth has been sold to us. I don t see why a historian should write a book to tell us 
Something interesting about the other reviews. I read the glowing reviews listed for Dr. Katz s book, but noticed that all the reviewers seem to come from just two places--Salisbury, 
Writing is good - but the stories awful. I agree on the following points:Great concept.Great writing style.Good command of language.But for the rest - the stories were too bizzare. They 
boring. This book was extremely short, relying on large type and large margins to fill the book. It was devoid of any real plot and left me with a bitter 
Rambling Text, No Meat. Reading this book is like running in sand - much effort is expended with little progress. Generalizations and qualitative rather than quantitative facts abound. A chapter 
Certainly a book for idiots. This book was a waste of time and money. The author spends nearly 350 pages revealing things that are obvious to absolutely anyone. He tell 
Sophmoric nonsense. This is a horrible example of sophmoric witty commentary paired with the idiocy of stat-based evaluation. If irrelevant asides were not enough, they are mostly wrong as regards 
Hatred begets hatred; i.e. reap what you sow. Phyllis Chesler shares what she perceives as an alarming new trend among leftwing groups. However, the groups that merit alarm for becoming 
They Shaved an Ape and Called Him Sean. Sean Hannity s rise to fame proves that an ignorant illiterate can rise well beyond the level of incompetence in this country, 
What is prerequisite before reading this book?. I bought this book a week ago and spent one and half hour for quick overview.I m studying intermediate Calculus with linear algebra.Well, 
Another Bogus Book from Coren. Do dogs understand language? Do they have their own syntax and grammar? Stanley Coren thinks so. Or maybe, as with many of his other books, 
A Horrible Book with Lots of Terminologies. This is a horrible book with lots of un-popular terminologies and using abbreviated words, I believe that we can live with &quot;it is 
A Disappointment. I have enjoyed almost all her other works but this one was a waste of money and time. I couldn t force myself to get to the end. 
The Most Boaring Book Alive. The book is called The Circuit. This book is about a boy named Francisco Jimenez who wants to be another person. He had a hard 
Seaside Atmosphere. The only good thing about this book is the seaside atmosphere. The seaside restaurants were enjoyable. The storyline was acceptable but not my favorite  
Not that great. This book is not very good. It basically repetes the same information many times. For example, it gives the species descriptions twice, but only has about five 
some weird choices. It s always easy to criticize somebody s personal choises when it comes to the movies and the stars, but this book is dedicated to the most 
Something old, something used. Two of the short stories in this book, Running out of Dog and Gone down to Corpus are not new stories. Running out of Dog is 
Large book with complex and boring language. I am studying for an M.S in software construction in Denmark and this textbook was assigned to a course covering Software Engineering this 
Don t be mislead. The book is like an ocean, poorly organised. No pictorial representations which I think is very important when we discuss data modeling . I bought this 
Difficult Read. I am an avid reader, and I will finish a book no matter how difficult it is, or how boring it is, and I couldn t finish this 
One star is as low as I could rate it, really it should be less. Had this book been the work of a novice Sci-Fi author it would have never 
CF.Adams: Homicide Investigator. This Color Book is a disgrace to every African American. As a Homicide Investigator who has worked many murders of young Black teenager males this coloring book 
inaccurate in its review of at least one country. I can only judge the article on the the government failure in Tajikistan, as it is a country I both lived 
Could be so much better than it is!. Although the book, with its illustrations, sidebars and accompanying cd, seemed so promising, in the end this is a disappointing compilation. The 
Misleading, generalized, and distorted. These authors take the reader through a journey in time as well as history to set a foundation for the use of permanent magnets. Included are 
If you like books about unicorns, read this. I ll put my opinion first, so there won t be any doubt in your mind. I don t believe that you 
Not Good. This book is disappointing. I don t think Broderick understands the technology or its social impact, which is a major problem considering the book is an attempt to 
Not recommended. Yet another historical novel into which a lot of research and work was clearly put, but the result is dissatisfying largely because the author doesn t know how 
Not her best, or even close. The sad thing is, I am a major Andre Norton fan, and I didn t enjoy this book very much. I trudged through it 
Nothing Insightful. Just plain common sense. There wasn t profound thought through out the whole book. I finished in thirty minutes  
Not A Mention Of Islamic-Arabic Art? Wow Sombody s Biased. The Global Art book barely mentions an Iraqi and Iranian piece of art however it chooses to limit the children 
Inadequate. I acquired this book as a referesher subsequent to completing my MBA program. It is a suprising disappointment, and I do NOT believe it is an MBA in a 
horrible. Kevin knows how to SELL a book, and he knows how to keep the money. He doesn t know anything about the subject he supposedly is writing about, but 
Cute concept, bad book. Title says it all, play to your strengths . No need to read the book , or if you must, simply skim at your nearest Borders, 
Shallow, simple-minded, and ultimately dangerous. This man should have never appeared on Oprah. He s not an AIDS activist but a slick businessman making a quick buck by fanning the 
Slow start set the pace . . . This book started off slow and I read about 1 3 of the book until I was interested in the story at 
Just a bunch of chess articles. I am rather disappointed after buying this book. It contains just a bunch of articles about different chess topics, illustrated mainly with the author 
Less Than Expected. Some very basic information provided regarding natural hair. Not what I expected from the book  
1300 pages are too many. Quigley was a Georgetown professor who was permitted access for two years in the early 1960 s to the private archives of the Committee on 
The book travels well-worn trails. I ve read O Conner, Stone and Sinclair s biographies of London, plus big swaths of others, including his daughter Joan; additionally, I ve read 
You Can t Trust Relatives!!!!!!!. Karen was a girl who had been to no exotic places so when her so-called &quot;cousin&quot; Blanch nvites her to England saying her dad gave 
Could have been better, I think. Well, the fact that I m writing a review about this book, while it s sitting open on my desk next to my computer, 
Just wondering. If anyone realizes that if Koreans in North Korea at the time before the Russians came that if you were Korean in North Korea that you needed to 
Not Very Good... This book would be for any girl that hasn t been on a date... I ve been on many dates, so this wasn t helpful to me 
A tepid polemic. This book uses a canon to kill a flea. Sympathetic as I am to the rhetorical and discursive analysis of cultural formations, such a project requires depth 
Very Slow Story!. I was absolutely bored to tears while reading this book. I think that a lot of the suggestions towards better leadership are very well intentioned and are 
The worst book I ve read this year. I have read a lot of DS books and this is the worst one yet. It was repetitive; the story was totally 
Disappointment. I m not sure who s writing these reviews, but I read repitition after repitition after repitition, with a lot of confusing fluff. Asking hard questions to solve complex 
souls of black folk. was worthless...was not the correct match for my class book requirement. Never used it...if someone wants it you can have it for free  
Success Secrets of the Online Marketing Superstars. I bought this book for my wife but after having looked at it I should have bought some flowers instead.The book was bilge 
Did I miss something?. This book started off very good, but as I read on the reading became ardious. I found it hard work to finish this book. I don 
Only if you can sew... While this book does have a few pictures, they seem quite old. The one or two items I liked didn t have any instructions for. 
Slow. Melissa was just an average gossip reporter for a NYC newspaper looking for love in all the wrong places. Fortunately her elderly next door neighbor was attacked in her 
The Face is Ugly. I`m trying to remember what made me pick up this book. I know I wanted some light reading for the summer days sitting on the beach 
Imitation Bat. Abandoning the reinterpretation of the initial epoch of Batman, like the previous writings of THE LONG HALLOWEEN and DARK VICTORY, HUSH instead is a tale set in the 
Not nice. I fell in the pond once, and it really wasn t very nice, and this book brought back horrible memories for me, especially with its overly descriptive passages 
I would rate it ZERO STARS. Not to be disrespectful but are you people for real? I can t believe this book is getting 4 and 5 stars. There was 
A real letdown. What a disappointment this is, after the superb Pitt and Monk detective novels set in Victorian times. Someone at the publishing house should have had the courage 
Longitude. This is without a doubt one of the most boring books I have ever read. You need to take notes to understand it. It is very disjointed; it feels 
Let s at least give a. I m getting a little concerned about this review system because people are clearly misusing it and reports of abuse have gone ignored. I 
Bloody Awful. Please save your money! The so called Heroine was so annoying I sided with the bad guy. Enough said.  
Average romance novel. i m a nora roberts fan, so picking up a book of hers to read is something i look forward to. after reading born in fire , 
Misleading. I have been a huge fan of Michael Crichton for about 25 years. However, this book is misleading and dangerous. Almost every respectable scientist in the world now agrees 
Can t Get Started. I d read all of David Baldacci s novels and anticipated settling down for a good long read, however, that wasn t the case. This is 
bad, bad, bad. Who published these weak translations? Yup, they are on newsprint and get smudged immediately. How about using real paper? B&N needs to stop thinking opportunistically and start 
UGH. I loved Girl s Guide and have to agree with most of the reviewers below. I was so looking forward to another fun, interesting read and for once could 
Meh. Been there, read that for the most part. Not a bad book per se, but the least helpful I have read  
Enough!. So annoying to be told again and again how the British treat dogs better than the locals... and all the rest! Even complaining about the food he gets for 
Informative and Deeply Flawed. I realize that all the previous reviewers are from other parts of the world and I am from the part of the world so peculiarly described 
One star is too many. I read My Side of the Mountain as a child. It remained one of the few children s books that I reread once a decade 
Disappointing. I was not enchanted. With such an ambitious title, I expected a more lively and fulfilling work. Instead, I was left waiting for Moore to take ideas to a 
It s All About Me and the Booty. I just had to read and write a review about this book based on my niece s meeting with Sean. But first, 
Dreadful Mishmash. I have to say I truly hated this book. The premise sounded interesting so I decided to give it a try. I ve read all her other books 
Yuch - one of the worst. I m am writing this from Palawan in the Philippines where a friend arrived a few days ago, somewhat confused, with this guide in 
A bit slanted. I have to say that of all the books I ve read on the Romanovs, this one just plain made me angry because it s not very 
had to force myself to read. I really wanted to read this book. I ve read a lot about the Nazi persecution of Jews, as well as their persecution of 
NOT A VERY GOOD BOOK!. I guess this wasnt the type of book for me... it was boring, not surprising, and it felt like 3 months had gone by since 
Pretentious. Self-indulgent. Don t bother. This book has to be one of the most pretentious and self-indulgent books I have ever read. The author seems to care very little for 
Don t Bother - No Value Added. I read two-third of the book and I feel less intelligent for it. Mr. Hoque used the letter &quot;e&quot; in front of every 
 Pop psychology at its worse... ...Mr. Jensen and his wife have developed a veritable cottage industry replete with workshops, seminars, presentations, publications, certifications -- if you ve got the 
A book of little inherent value. I have to disagree with every review written about this book thusfar. It is not well written, for one. The style is amateurish, and 
Hate Monger Preaching More Hate, Devisiveness. This book, not unlike, Mr. Robertson s other views and preachings, tries to polarize Americans to not be respective and inclusive of each other. 
Disappointed, but what else can you expect?. I m really disappointed in this book, because the author seems to imply that you can have ANYTHING you want, but that is 
Interesting information but poor commentary... I m the type of person who is interested in the story after the story. So I was anxious to read Gettysburg: Memory, Market and 
That s it I m done with her. I used to love Iris Johansen s books esp. her Eve Duncan books. The last few though have been terrible. On the 
Not very professional. I agree with the first review one star... . However, the book could be useful for someone who is starting to make his way in learning in 
Too Complicated. Thau over complicates her points. The book is too difficult to understand. I am an attorney who has been investing in stocks and bonds for over 10 years. 
I kept turning the pages, but was ultimately disappointed. I am a John Case fan - and I had high hopes for this novel. I enjoy novels that take the 
A Complete Waste. Did anyone bother to check any of the recipes in this book? I think not. Not only are some of the ingredients difficult to get a hold 
i dont think so. In the bokk Space Station Seventh grade by Jerry Spinelli a kid named jason wants to build a space station.Ididnt really like this book because the 
Boycott Robert G. Allen!!!. Robert G. Allen is a notorious and relentless internet spammer. If you should happen to somehow end up on one of his email lists like I 
The complete Greek Cookbook. Boring recipes, but the history of cooking in Greece makes the book a worthwhile purchase.  
For Long Time Readers Only. Another enjoyable read, quicker than most because you don t have to think. It s not much of a mystery, and the Siamese cats really 
Revisionist history at its worst. This is a work that pretends at objectivity, but is written with a clear agenda in mind. Pappe totally identifies with the Palestian Arab cause, 
the chicken soup for the writing-it-down souls. This book may be as well called the chicken soup for the writing-it-down souls . The author illustrates her points by telling many 
super disappointed. let me give you a word of advice about some genuine self help you can put to use in your life immediately: don t buy this book. i 
Regret. Ever read a newspaper article to find half of it is taken up by useless information? e.g. &quot;Dr Kenith E. Browner MBA, BAS, winner of the 2002 SoandSo award, 
Better off playing outside. I did not find this workbook relevant to 7th 8th grade curriculm for science or social studies and overall way too basic for math or english 
Good writing, good idea. The writing is good from a technical standpoint I don t have to jump literary hurdles to get through a paragraph because the words flow very 
What a disappointment. I have been reading the Anita books and loved it ever since Guilty Pleasures. That is why I m thoroughly disappointed with this book. I m halfway 
Forget the racism argument....what about the drownings, executions, burnings at the stake, suffocations..... Racism is not the problem with this book - sure...5 Chinese brothers look alike -maybe they look 
gross. &quot;Everyone Poops is a tasteful classic. &quot;The Holes In Your Nose&quot; is not. We were given it as a gift, but I put it aside after only one reading, 
Different world. I bought the book thinking that it would be accurate and helpful in everyday conversation. I feel that most of what I read is simply not factual. As 
Not worth the tree to make the paper. I must say, selling a dated book like this when you re talking about Websites is a shame. Sure some ideas might 
Deliberate Misuse of Data. One example will illustrate how this author knowingly misuses data to mislead his audience. He points to the statistical density of Los Angeles as evidence that 
The Innocents Abroad live!. Talk about a typically clueless American. I threw this book away after reading about half in exasperation  
the most boring book i read in a really interesting class. Getting Married in Korea was one of the 3 books my Cultural Antro professor mandated us to read. The 
Great material flawed by credibililty questions. A subject of eternal fascination especially for basketball &quot;nuts&quot; who grew up in New York. We idolized the terribly tarnished CCNY &quot;Wonder Five&quot; who 
The Same Old Lies, Repackaged. This one s easy. The lies start showing up even in the book description. The Zionists established a sovereign Jewish state in 1948. Had they 
Tedious academic compilation. There were a few good nuggets of information in the varied chapters; however, most of the content of this book is hopelessly dry and academic. Seemingly written 
Master of Mixed Metaphors. Don t believe the hype. This book is not a masterpiece, but if you are able to stick through the piles of metaphorical images that are 
Not useful for day-to-day calorie counting. I bought this book so that I could easily figure my caloric and nutritional intake with a pocket-sized book that would be easy to 
Semi-BORING. This book seemed politically written. The &quot;right&quot; word took center-stage over the substance  
Truly Horrendous. This is a poorly-reasoned, simplistic screed of a book. It reads more like a fundraising letter than an actual piece of analysis or reporting regarding what is a 
attention to detail sometimes a distraction. As far as crime dramas go, this is firmly mediocre. The story is okay and requires suspension of disbelief only sporadically, but the author 
Nearly useless, very abstract and badly edited. Audition apparently seems to be some kind of unwanted stepchild of Adobe, based on the scarcity of resources Adobe seems to have dedicated 
Not recommended. The premise, the title, and even the cover art are all misleading - this book does not really explore the world of Internet dating beyond 3 or 4 
Disappointment!. This book starts out telling of the sack of Rome and grabbing the reader s attention. It s all down hill from there. The next third of the book 
bad bad bad bad bad. SAVE YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY!!!One of the worst books, i have ever read. I will never ever buy another omar poopre book ever again.  
made a mistake i can t forgive. In his Authentic Buffalo Hot Sauce recipe he says to use Tobasco. He either has stock in Tabasco sauce or honestly doesn t 
Total Fiction!. It simply scares me to think that some who read this book will believe that what it says is true. While this theory of economic imperialism isn t 
Disappointed. I was disappointed like many of the previous readers, mostly having to do with non-existent character development all clones of each other , insipid dialogue and no real suspense 
Living to tell the tail by Gabriel Garcia Marquez. This is the weakest book Mr. Marquez ever wrote-a living proof that autobiographies written by the writers are sentimental drag. His 
&quot;POOR SPIRITUAL KNOWLEDGE BY THE AUTHOR&quot;. In John Coleman`s book The Committee of 300, his publisher has book advertisements for some occultic topics; the worst being Nostradamus. Nostradamus constantly used 
DOUBLE TAP. This was the first audio book I ever listened to. Perhaps that is why I found it rather boring and unexciting. Maybe I would have enjoyed it more 
Another self-indulgent Heinlein novel. Heinlein loads this book up with hooks in the early pages to catch your attention. Unfortunately, these hooks turn out to be superfluous and lead nowhere. 
Not a book for those curious about Asia. One question that might come to mind while reading this book is Why? Why in the world would one bother to travel 
The idea is good, but... The idea is good. The characters are really good, with a few exceptions. BUT.1 This book s plot is extremely repetetive. Oh my gosh, she 
This series is getting old now. Just finished reading this novel this morning and I think it is probably the weakest one of the lot. Like a lot of reviewers, 
contains intriguing ideas concerning apocalyptic events. This is a presentation of the possible events that will usher in the reign of the Antichrist. Key event is a worldwide financial crisis 
From the Same Minds That Brought You Joel Osteen. I purchased Eldredge s Wild at Heart , and I didn t think it was scripturally sound. I was given Waking 
So Bad I Don t Own It Anymore. What really turned my off on the book was the online examples of animation work the authors had done. A lot of 
Changing minds deviates from the topic. Harvard psychologist Howard Gardner s book on the art of changing minds and affecting opinions has an appealing pull. Written by a qualified professional 
Don t Be Fooled!. Don t be fooled. This book has a title very similar to The Ultimate Book of Kid Concocitons book I saw on PBS. I bought this 
Pass On This One. I was very disappointed in the overall content of the book. Very little insight into the game of football. The author s view of race, religion, 
Hypocrisy Writ Large. Describing the Democratic Party as the party of death is classic phony-con propaganda designed to attract attention without engaging in intelligent debate. The notion that the Republican 
Highly disappointing. If you are a fan of Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice, and Mr. Darcy in particular, do not buy Mr. Darcy s Daughters. I had to force myself 
Very Disappointed. Wow, I hate to go against the tide but I felt very strongly about this book and unfortunately, not positively. I read this book aloud to my 13 
STUPID. Stupid review of a woman Hillary who has allowed women s rights to be lowered, so much for Chelsea and her future  
Boring!!!!!!!!!. This book is considerably boring!! It provided me information that I already know. I definitely recommend this book to amateurs only!  
It tastes very bland. Why did they not republish the first edition that tasted of strawberries and cheese. This new version, with it s claims of a &quot;lighter nuttier&quot; taste, 
One Star for this incredible mathematical disinformation. This book and volume no.1 deserves no any star, however because the incredible lies it contains makes it get 1 star as an 
What?!?. OK, 72 pages of cliff notes for a 144 page book? That is absurd! Night is a classic work, filled with vivid metaphor and intensely emotional characters. You could 
Worst of all Laymon s novels. I ve read about 20 of Laymon s novels, and they were always at least entertaining. But this book goes so far into the 
I have been diagnosed with PDD NOS. And I find this book to have the same problem as all those other autism spectrum books. Discrimination.They talk about PDD NOS as 
Power of trivial writing. It takes indeed some real power to get so many five-star reviews for such shallow writing. This book is a very poor way of handling thw 
I was coerced into buying this. What sort of psycho would ever buy a book like this if they weren t forced to, and where do these sadists get off 
Freud must perish. I was hoping to gain insight into the repercussions of incest. I couldn t get past the beginning of the book, as it was filled with Freudian 
Arrogant and Annoying. I recently purchased this book on the advice from a fellow photographer that critiqued my work as an amatuer photographer. He said that this book helped him 
First Grade Takes a Test. I bought this book because I read other customers good review comments. I have to say Don t buy it ! The book is only 
Good Zeal, BAD Science. This book is revealing a Typical Young Earth Creationism YEC . These people have a good and great zeal to defend the Christian Faith. I commend 
A Superficially Selective Journalistic Survey of the Church. Written by the same author as Cults, New Religions Movements, and Your Family, as well as Defending the Faith: A Beginner s 
Can you predict what I am going to say about this book?. I love to people watch. I adore the human body and appreciate all the different forms and characters 
A disappointment. It is distressing to see how many people are fooled into believing that one can awaken consciousness in a healthy way through lust and desire. This method clearly 
Pass on it. Catchy title, but you d do better without it. The only thing hidden in this book is the information. Try finding, for instance, the Garden of the 
Oh boy, more lets understand the terrorist garbage. The religion of peace is at it again! In response to the popes words, muslims all over the world respond with violence, 
medical ageism is extermination of the weak. Callahan s arguments for healthcare rationing based on age are neither valid, nor logical. More importantly they are not consistent with the United 
Dont waste your kids time!. I recently read this book for a ELAN class @ UGA. I thought it was terrible and pointless. The characters lack depth and the theme 
I m done with Baldacci. Since the reviews printed on the inside cover of the book all are blurbs, here are my blurbs: Really hard to get into ... tough 
Badly written. I did not like this book. At all.Lyanka and Gitana were both disgustingly perfect. Beautiful, talented, fantastic fighters . . . Mary Sues. Both of them. Ick.The story 
A big let down. I was very disappointed by this novel. Roth is a talented writer, and I had hoped that he would be able to create a truly compelling 
Interesting theory, but it didn t work for us. When my husband and I decided to start a family, we agreed that we would be happy with either gender, but 
Too verbose. The insights Jean Liedloff gained while spending more than two years living in the jungle with Stone Age Indians are fascinating -- if you can discern them through 
You Will Learn Basic Crockpot Skills. Hoffman s recipes sound delicious, but in fact are often flavorless. If you use her recipes, you WILL learn slow cooking tecniques stacking meat 
Do not recommend. I purchase books online based on the reviews so lets be honest. Debby DuBay s book Antique Limoges at Home is the book to purchase. Gaston s 
Go to church-- you ll learn more. I bought this book hoping for a Christian perspective on the Christian-themed The DaVinci Code by Dan Brown. What I paid for is 
Borderland?. Unfortunately the author did not get the basic premise correct. Ukraine does not mean borderland. The oldest use of the word found in written text is in the 10th 
Not good. I thought the title was interesting so I bought this book. Wow, what a disappointment. This is sappy and poorly written. How does Mitch Albom keep getting on 
Not as helpful as I hoped. At a risk of offending Joseph Campbell cultists and fantatics, please know that I am both an admirer of Joseph Campbell and James Joyce. 
Neither organizing nor simplicity . I was disappointed with this book. There were a few worthwile tips such as going to bed early to take advantage of the more productive 
An unwieldy translation. In a nutshell: Don t waste your money on this version.The original version of this translation dates to just after the turn of the century, but the 
Misleading Waste of Time. This guy thinks collectors want to see his own creations of what rare prototypes are. What a complete waste of time. Collectors want to see the 
Not the great book people seem to think it is. This is a book that could should? have faded into history without being a great loss to the world. Yes, 
Beware of Book. Beware of this book. I opened it up and read through it and packed it up to return the same day. Rather than offering practical activities to 
Out of date!. I didn t realize how out of date this book was, or I would not have bought it. The book makes 80s-era references when it comes to 
Home Winemaking Step-by-Step. The book contains some interesting winemaking tips. Unfortunately, the quality of said information gets lost in the twisted tangle of grammatically challenged pages. Two stars for the 
Probably your best option for now, but . . . Having just returned from three weeks in China and Taiwan, I can report that the Lonely Planet Guide to Taiwan 
Does Not Deliver What It Promises. I would not recommend this book for people who are trying to get their life together after a diagnosis of diabetes. I bought this 
Not recommended as primary LSAT study guide... If you d really like to learn about how the LSAT questions are structured and if you have time to memorize the techniques 
Don t pay for advertising. A very dissapointing title from Taunton. Basically a series of near-advertisements for systems you can buy and simply install. The few do-it-yourself projects look like 
Mailing it in. I ve been following the Alex Cross series from its beginning, and after reading Cat & Mouse, I m wondering if Patterson has taken these characters as 
These Bleachers are HARD!. I was very disappointed in this selection. Maybe a MALE football fanatic would find something appealing, but I was VERY bored! Take me back to court, 
Too Graphic-Too Long to get somewhere. This book was so different from the usual NR story. The burn scenes were too graphic and the rape scene was too graphic. If 
Sigh. Hung in there through page 89, then realized I m not immortal and don t have time to deal with this. Am willing to start a charitable foundation to 
Unreadable. This is not meant to serve as a useful review but as a warning that the positive reviews here at amazon are not reflective of the actual quality of 
Disappointed. I was very disappointed with this book. The author continually tells the reader to be kind and gentle with children, and then recommends alternatives to spanking that are simply 
Not the best fantasy novel ever.... I read this after reading Karen Hancock s Christy Award-winning series Legends of the Guardian-King and enjoyed it at first. After reading the second 
not worth the paper it is printed on. I did not like the book, which is fundamentally flawed from the concept and proposition. Sorry to have wasted my time going 
not a page turner. This was my first Carlotta Carlyle book, and I thought it was boring. I will not read another one. I love murder mystery books and this 
Antidotal History that Morphs into an ETA Apologist Tract. For the first two thirds of this book is basically an antidotal cultural history of the Basque. The light style and 
Fast paced but predictable. While Edgar winner Walters psychological thrillers in the Ruth Rendell vein are among my favorites, this is her weakest effort to date. British war correspondent Connie 
It doesn t get any more predictable than this... The concept of this book could ve worked, but Sparks didn t develop any other characters to throw the reader off 
Only for suckers. Who would read all these reviews, and then actually buy this book? This book is an unfair attempt at pandering to the doddling whims of a major 
just ok. although there is an intense void in the subject of trans and gender queer writings this book does little to fill it. there are occational glimering voices of 
Too fast! Non-stop reading of scripts!. The content is full of valuable information on selling. But this Audio CD is not my favourite.Ziglar speaks so rapidly and non-stop! I guess 
Would not recommend. Not what I expected, studying Angels in Bible Study, this book too vague and not all backed up by scriptur  
Very pedantic tomb about two worthless pieces of ice. The author and New Horizons Principal Investigator, Alan Stern, is obviously excited i.e. worse than a creationist zealot about Pluto and 
WHERE WAS THE EDITOR?. That Robert Coles heart is in the right place and that his experience working with children is extensive, no one can dispute. But his writing is 
Too much hyp for an okay book. I have heard that this is a children s book and perhaps there are abridged versions , but I have no idea how 
Great title, but dissapointing content. The book grabs the reader with an interesting title then immediately starts off with a look at a boring movie and then reviews of even 
Weak and disappointing. The description sounded promising, but in fact this is one of the least well-written books I ve read in a long time. The prose iss stilted. Sentence 
I d return it, if I wanted to waste more time because of it. A 350-page book of which the last 238 pages are appendices, a glossary, and an index. 
It s Not THAT Bad...Then Again, It s Not Too Good Either. If this is your first Barbara Taylor Bradford book, you may never pick up another one. I, on 
Lack of detail. What can I say, this book lacked all the details I wanted to read, and was pretty darn predictable to boot. I could tell that it was 
Wait for the Cliffs Notes. This book was recommended by someone a lot more financially successful than I am. But while I was reading, I kept asking myself, When s 
Don t waste your money. After reading this book, I still haven t decided whether the author is a genius or a nutcase.Most of the main characters ultimately die a 
Brutal Trip to the Arctic. This is a first person account of a trip to the arctic in the 1860 s narrated by a Civil War deserter. Within the first 
I don t think so. If you think every man thinks the same way, does the same thing, has the same desires, and is just lumped into one cateogry, then 
A hurried and uninformed look at an important film. There is something for everybody in this book because it seems to have been mainly a cut-and-paste editing project without any 
dangerous information. I really liked the book, the drawings are great and the words are fun. I was rappeling not too long ago using the prusik to make me safe 
How the mighty are fallen. I m afraid, very afraid for the Preston Child team. I loved their early books and recommended them to countless friends. But their latest offerings 
zzzzZZZZZzzzzzzZZZZZZzzzzz. Cynical AND boring - quite a combination!Quick question: you are interested in power, male-female relationships and female friendships in the Big Apple. Yet somehow, work gets screwed up, relationships 
What happened?. How utterly disapointing... I had no idea that there was a non-musical version of Jack The Giant Killer.Terrible acting, awful costumes, lame plot, without the songs this movie 
absolutely worthless. I have had this book for many years, and never actually found any useful information, not one time. Granted, there is a lot of material in there, but 
Interesting read, but not realistic... This book either needs a re-write, a re-vamp, or a recall. So much of the information seems out of date.For example, Whitney gives a pretty 
Corporate co-optation of the Constitution. The problem with the Supreme Court is the same problem with virtually every U.S. institution, it is being coopted by corporate interests. The watershed decision 
Bah, humbug! Caramba! Mein Gott! Baka da na! Sacre bleu!. Ever wonder for which bipolar monomaniac the Sorcerer s Apprentice worked? Now you know. Drier than Dryden, boot-licking admirer of 
not what was promised by the seller. The book was advertised with CD, i received no CD in it. When i contacted abebook, they send me e-mail that i have 
Sadly, this is a message that further divides the world. I heard an interview with Dr. Kushner on NPR today. He explained how the comfort in the 23rd Psalm lies 
She s supposed to be a bright cop, but she does dumb things ... just to make the plot work. Not very realistic. If you want a realist cop character, 
Not geared for the CCNA exam. This book is good as a primer if you want consider achieving a CCNA. This book is not good as a study guide for 
Patterson readers beware of this dog. The only explanation is that James Paterson churned this dog out to make a buck. I ve read a number of James Patterson books 
This story has been proven totally false. Do a search on the true story. Find out what really happened and how her therapist actually created and named the personalities. Also, 
A doctrinaire view of biology. Most books that set out to explain why organisms behave as they do describe observations of behaviour on almost every page. The books of Richard 
The Canterbury Tales by a modern hack poet. This set of CDs is a fraud! Nowhere does it say in the ads that it is not Chaucer that is being 
almost unreadable. The text is thoroughly unorganized, it has almost no coherent linear progression. The author often repeats himself, uttering the Final Solution of the Jewish question over and over 
 Writers get some help! PLEASE!. If it s true that everything is good for something, even if it is a bad example, this book might by used accordingly, otherwise, 
little powerful thoughts, lots of non sense. There are about 20 power thoughts in this CD Book and rest are unpractical nonsense. Nonsense like: I love every cell of my 
Lousy little yoga book. Not expensive, but not worth much either. Ultimately, IMHO, doing asanas in bed is a bad idea--much better to do poses on a firm surface, i.e., 
NO, NO,NO -TOO MANY ERRORS AND MISINFORMATION. Masquerading as a text on correctly using infrared, I found this book very poorly written, loaded with errors and containing amatuerish photographs. I 
Too Much Detail. The book contained too much detail on manufacturing. I would have preferred the book to cover less ground. The review entitled &quot;Words, words, words&quot;, encompasses my view 
Not worth more than 9 USD. This book gives some basic information, but 75 of the text refers to the PMBOK, which you also have to buy to read it. 
Useless unless. This bool from the evil russian is useless if you already own naked warrior .Good techniques and informations nevertheless  
the lerning process. as a loan officer in training this book has been a great tool in my lerning ,it explain in detail and clear how to do your job 
Not much help. Don t waste your money on this one. It was recommended by Rich Dad advisors, but doesn t tell you how to get going. And unless you 
Don t choose this book if currently in a life crisis. An extremely convoluted read. Another reader mentioned dizzying and I concur. Chock full of psyco-babble and others personal stories 
Some Good Ideas But Mostly Gobbleygook. TAFTP has its moments, but I dont think this book was the godsend others make it out to be.An example of a good point 
Not much I would cook.... I returned this book as I did not see that much that I would cook  
This book tries too hard. I was really looking forward to settling in with this book and having a good laugh. Instead, what I found was a pretentious book where 
Opportunity Lost. I found this book rhetorical and in some areas misleading. While I can sympathise with the authors attempts in trying to make sense of the management problem that 
Good information - but watch out for the bad. I found most of the information OK. But there was stuff in this book that made me wary. Prozac for PMS? 
Sort of like Shag Carpet. It s really sort of a trip back in time reading this book...so much of it probably worked pretty well in 1985 when this was 
Out of stock. After weeks of delaying my shipment I was told Amazon could not get the book for me ..  
Outdated and not very informative. I was hoping to learn things I hadn t seen in other books, but I didn t. Not only is the book outdated, but it 
A little dated. I really don t understand what all the fuss is about this book. I once took a class called &quot;Meat Analysis&quot; when I was at Southern Houston 
Anti-Western new age nonsense. Zukav has a decidedly anti-Western tone and is obviously biased in favor of oriental thinking. This is new age gobbledegook passed off as a bare bones 
Too Drawn Out. Normally I don t take the time to write a review, but this book just bugged me. When I finished I felt like I had run a 
A sinister plot, worthy of Dr. Evil. The book starts out well enough when banker Ben Hartman, in Switzerland on business, runs into an old college buddy who tries to 
Disappointing. I really loved The Fall of a Sparrow and greatly looked forward to another beautiful novel by the same author. Unfortunately this one fell apart about halfway through. Unlike 
Super basic. I m an ACE-certified personal trainer and was looking for some good information and new exercises to use with my client who is in their 60s. This book 
The Epitome of Depressing Eighties Writing . This is going to be short, but sweet. This book was by far one of the most bothersome collections of short stories I 
A Disappointment. When I read a review of this book, I was interested and checked it out of the library. It was a quick and easy read, and, unfortunately, also 
Interesting theory...circular logic. I ran across this book at a local library and it picqued my interest. Tipler s theory of immortality, in a nutshell, is the following: 1 the 
A Disillusioning Waste Of Time. Nicely drawn characters; good writing; different and compelling story. Why don t I like it, then? Because of what the author did with these things. 
Okay. For some reason I don t believe this book. The whole book seems like some kind of hoax - a planned event. There are several wonderful places a man 
History or Fiction ?. Reynolds attempts to anchor the development of Dzogchen in history rather than myth and he fails. His style reminds me of a Christian fundamentalist - and 
Really old and outdated techniques. This book turned out to be another release of the original book from the 1980s and it shows. It is full of seriously outdated information 
replacing old stereotypes with new ones. this book is as much about the gypsy communities as it is about confirming the author s own preconceived notion of what eastern europe 
Read the tunnel vision review - I couldn t have said it better. I was looking for an unbiased factual account of the crusades, and I definitely did not find 
More Like A Walk Through Boredom. Someone s trying to sabotage the making of a documentary. I thought it might be interesting. I m sorry, I was wrong. Unfortunately, the 
Beautiful Beginning Painful illogical Ending. I hope the ending is illogical at least and is fiction. If thoughts are that powerful, they need to be resrained earlier. I don t 
Not worth the price - any price. My garage is a mess, and I was hoping this book would give me ideas for getting it organized. It gets off to 
Is James Patterson lending his name to somebody else?. I can t think about any other explanation for this silly, stupid thriller if you want to call it that. I 
Chuck, Chuck Palahniuk, Wrote a Book and It Did S ck. July 9Today, the reader from Harrisburg finished Chuck s novel Diary. The novel that never really convinced him was 
Diary of a madman. It s not too difficult to understand how Behold a Pale Horse has become the best selling underground book of all time according to a blurb 
Trite. I had heard great things about Ram Charan, so perhaps my expectations were set a bit high. I realy got very little out of this, indeed, I didn t 
Also Horrified. Like Horrified above, I was appalled by the glibness with which this book rationalized Diana s support of fascism and Nazism . The author treats Diana and Unity 
Art is great, story....not so much - Buy when paperback comes out. The general feeling I had left after reading through this graphic novel was, That was it? Costing anywhere 
What is the societal impact?. This is a book about our society and yet I am left wondering how everything bad for us actually affects our society. I believe the 
Too long. This is a great book, but it is just stretched way too long. It starts out great and keeps the reader glued to the pages. Then the book 
Very muddy reveiw of global violence. Mr. Laqueur fails to adequately distinguish the different types of violence and prefers to lump them all together under the title of terrorism. Far 
Premise has potential, but...Disappointing. The premise of people with animal DNA I thought had potential for interesting differences and conflicts. Having read and enjoyed other paranormal and romantica novels, the 
Not Krentz s best!. I usually really enjoy Jayne Ann Krentz and her alter ego Amanda Quick, but I actually returned this one to the library unfinished. I found it 
Actually manages to take the fun out of reading and texas holdem all in one go. I was hoping the book would be good. most reviews are. However the topics 
Not a useful book... This book is really not useful. The idea of thinking your way to happiness is interesting and imbues a connotation of a potentially introspective read. Unfortunately, 
I listened, but I couldn t hear an echo!. Having read a few Bosch books already The Closers and Lost Light , I realized that I should probably start at 
TI must have cut Mr. Hornsby a big check. I m taking a precalc class that uses this text as a refresher before beginning an undergraduate degree in Physics. In 
A good, but biased, introduction to globalization. In this work, Bhagwati offers valid arguments for globalization. He is takes some of the strongest criticisms of globalization and is able to 
Not her best. I was waiting to get into ths book...then I realized I was halfway thru it. I always stick with Berg...you never know when you ll get hooked. 
a bad book. This book was a reading for my 3rd grade daughter. I have no idea how or why this book EVER won an award, unless it was for 
Review of non-existent product. I was very disappointed to find that most of chapter 5 Genetic Engineering was incomplete. The chapter was cut off on page 80 and was followed 
Yow to Open your Own Restaurant...A Loser of a Guide. This is a very skinny book written by two men who obviously have restaurant experience, but who have very poor 
If i could give it no stars, i would. Maybe i m not as cultured as some of the people who rated this book, but i have read the likes 
Disappointing and Insulting. Thomas M. Disch approaches what should be an engaging topic to any SF lover with a holier-than-thou attitude that is both condescending and unappealing. I purchased this 
SKIP THE BOOK, JUST WATCH THE MOVIE. Need I say more than the above title suggests? Okay, so the upside of this book is that it has important life lessons 
I didn t like it. This book goes into the hearts and minds of the ancient Greeks led by Odysseus and Achilles, who are guided by their gods. The Trojan 
disappointed... This book was suggested to me by a dear friend. Though, the concept of servant leadership is strong, I am sure I don t want to read this book 
HORRIBLE!. this book did not define any good portrayal of anything. it is severley overpriced for a paperback and ran me about 30.00!!!! THAT IS REDICULOUS. I WANT A REFUND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Too theoratical. I agreed with Pareto there. Like him, I bought this book because of the review, but I was disappointed with the content of the book. This book might 
This book has a special place in my heart. This is one of those rare treats in the literary world that grab your attention, keep you enthralled, and refuse to 
Even if I didn t know this book was a farce... it would be a very irritating and unbelieveable read. I read this book after knowing it is mostly fiction 
Sad reality of the cultural revolution. Fast, easy page-turner I read it in one day that gives interesting insight into what it may have been like growing up during the 
Shallow roots. Based upon other positive reviews I had high hopes for this book being informative, but it bases its data more on speculation than on fact. When this book 
Another MLB authorized rip-off. Another book of pretty pictures from MLB, complete with a sanitized text that mistakes acheivements for moments and re-writes history to sell more t-shirts and other 
No Details. This book is a great idea, but is very skimpy with the details. The interviews consist of two questions the same for each person that cover general advice, 
MEDIOCRE. I read this book, it was okay but the story flashed back to much, and I couldn t folow all of it but I read all of it anyway. 
a fake. if you want to buy this book it s your chioce, but you have to knwo first that the Sevillian school of edge weapons is near the bus 
Examining a boring life through a high-powered microscope. First, let me state that I have been impressed by all the Canin I have read prior to starting &quot;Blue River.&quot; The 
some people, some other place. I belong to a book club comprised of mostly school teachers and other professional older women. 21 members read this book and not 1! liked 
Biased, outdated, inaccurate, and full of grammatical errors. This book is a big disappointment. Buy this book and you will regret it. First, the writer is biased. Second, the book 
Disappointing!. I have read all of the Boscastle series and I was thoroughly disappointed in this book. I loved the other siblings especially Chloe s but this one is dull 
Very Weak Entry in the Series. Like many others, I m a big fan of the Ladies No. 1 Detective Agency series, but this is a really poor entry that 
Way, way below standards. This book is the last straw for me. I m an ardent fan of JG s since the Clayborne brides. Heartbreaker and Mercy were quite good 
waste of time. Buy &quot;How to draw comics the Marvel Way&quot; instead, as Stan Lee and John Buscema cover all the necessary points in a few pages, as opposed to 
naive, simplistic, and general. Mr. Dietrich, whatever his academic credentials, joins the ranks of many a China scholar that so romantasizes China that careful research and balance are rejected. This 
caution other reviews. I would give this book 2.5, but you can t give half stars. It had to be 2 rather than 3, because I think all the other 
Miss Julia Getting Senile?. Wow, for a series which started off with a strong independent older female character, Miss Julia has really really let herself go. I knew it would 
I guess it s the thought that counts.... Catherine Crier and indeed every defense attorney and state district attorney in the country had no doubts that Peterson did it. Given 
Eat Great, Lose Weight Miniature Edition . I was very disappointed in this book even though it was a miniature. Some of the pages were blank, having not even been 
Terrible. This book starts of interesting however the book goes on and on and on about scenarios involving people over the phone,it rarely mentions person to person or online scams.The 
Betty s Not What She Used to Be. Time was when the words Betty Crocker actually stood for something good in cookbooks, although the books recipes, for better or for 
Words you don t want to see in your copy. I bought Words That Sell and the companion book Phrases That Sell based on a recommendation from a new letter 
Look a little deeper. The subject matter of this book is fascinating, no question about it. I found myself looking beyond the professional-speak to try to get to the heart 
It s the one book I couldn t get through. I read Halldor Laxness Independent People and loved it so much that I ordered all the out of print books 
I wish I read the reviews 1st. I normally don t write reviews, but I wish the authors of this book would have put their selves in the shoes of 
VB VBA developers beware. If you are attracted to this title thinking that this will help you how make the jump from coding in VB VBA for MS Office apps 
Difficult to read. I had to read this for Book club and HATED IT!The author writes in a dialect that is barely legible and makes the story less important than 
Just not enough...VERY VERY Basic!. I bought this book, hoping it would go farther than getting into the front door of DMing. I kept reading, telling myself, no it is 
help. I have not recieved either book yet you ask me to write a review for  
Phallic Narcissism at it s finest.... Gary Schwartz writes like a classic Phallic Narcissist, a clinical term used to describe people who elicit his type of behavior.Isn t it curious 
Brain Dead Main Character Kills Story. This book was simply not up to Baldacci s usual quality. The story goes all over the place, but doesn t get anywhere until 
Not as good as the other reviewers think. The Spirit of Laws is a passionate and eloquent statement of liberalism. But it is only that: a statement. It is not 
Not Impressive. I have to strongly disagree with the editorial and reader reviews on this essay, even though it was a national bestseller. The book is touted as possibly the 
As if by magic!. Daniel Dennett s excellent book Consciousness Explained extracts a very funny cartoon from Scientific American, in which two professors stare at a blackboard showing a formula 
Predictable. I read the back cover of this book and immediately knew most of what would happen. As soon as I met the character who would turn out to be 
Love is not a game. This book did not work for me. I believe that natural chemistry and relating to one another are the hallmarks of a mutual and intimate 
Disappointing. I had high hopes for this volume- but like many other reviewers, I was dimayed by the author s profound ignorance or economics, and even more profound ignorance of 
Reads like a Junior High History Assignment. I am an avid Michael Crichton fan and have read pretty much everything he has written aside from his nonfiction books. Crichton s 
One step above, or below, pulp fiction. Most of these stories were writen for the Saturday Evening Post and later compiled in book form the copy I have is a 
Nothing spectacular. Unfortunately, for all the name brand that this book conveys, I think the cover seems to be the most intriguing part. There are much better ways for book 
Another waste of money and time. This is another example of someone trying to make money by marketing old ideas in a time when the ethanol industry is on the 
NOT worth reading. In the begining of this book its was adventursum and kept you on the edge of your seat but I started to get board around the middle 
Rather poor attempt at a Boxing top ten list compilation. Some interesting lists mixed in with a lot of either fanboy or totally confusing lists of top fighters, etc. with 
Stay away!. I ve never read any of her other work, so it s actually possible that the author of this book is as awesome as all the reviews posted 
Same Info Is Easily Available Elsewhere On web . Somewhat useful book in that it pulls together the info that is readily available on the internet, particularly from state government 
More Bridget Jones than Debra Messing. The book was okay, but I really loved the movie. There are major differences in the book that completely change the tone. First of 
Excruciating. The Zahir started out well, but about 100 pages into the book my interest level dropped. It, in no way, mentally stimulated me. I could not read one more 
Predictable, slow. Very slow book, very predictable, oddly written sometimes I had to reread a sentence a few times just because it sounded so odd .  
Warning: Magic Decoder Ring Not Included. As a graduate student in history, I was intrigued by Sahlins subject. However, Sahlins does his best to hide his subject from any reader 
Wonderful book. Very thoughtfully presented material. The responsibility of carrying a firearm is stressed as well as the opportunity to serve those around us  
Elegant but Still Empty. Among the most provocative comments on Heaven is a cartoon that appeared in The New Yorker years ago. It showed the pearly gates with a small 
Not as Good as I Expected. My house was a total loss after a fire. I needed info on home insurance so I got this book. BIG disappointment. No help 
No redeeming features. This is a very bad book. It is poorly written, the characters are caricatures in misery, and it is almost impossible to develop any empathy for them 
Worst diet book ever!. Although Roizen and Oz have a great premise here for loosing weight what they have to present gets lost in the presentation. The book is full 
Outdated don t waste your money. I bought this book for last minute prep for my exam and I foundout it is nothing like the real exam, It doesn t 
The book says all spirituality is imagined!!. The book states that all spirtuality is imagined, and anyone who believes otherwise is a fool. This is very Atheist and offensive. I 
Done With Dean. I have listened to a bunch of Dean Koontz books. While listening to the second one I saw so many similarities, which really turned me off. And 
Boring. A serious snooze fest. Of course, if you are a huge Kim Newman fan, you ll be pleased; literally every other story in the book is one. If you 
Very Disappointing. This book was very disappointing. It was written in a stream of consciousness style with bizarre attempts to integrate modern analogies and to compare David to modern figures 
Boorrrrrriiiiinng. I m a Grisham fan but this one caught me snoozing. The story was predictable. The characters were ones I feel like are in my hometown which made it 
WORST BOOK EVER. This was the worst darn book I ever read. I read it last year and never want to read it again. It was about a person who 
Good songs, but book is not very user-friendly. I ve been a They Might Be Giants fan for several years and I am about to become a teacher, so I 
A Dull Psychoanalysis. As an avid fan of Desperate Housewives, I am really not all that impressed with this book. While some of it was interesting to read, the majority 
Do not waste your time....lousy. This is one of the worst written books I have ever read.I wish I had saved my money and my time.The book is full of 
Contrived, convoluted plot twists with no backbone. Contrived, bloated, disconnected, unrealistic to the extreme. The good Wolfsschanze, the bad Wolfsschanze, the Nachrichtendienst, the Odessa, the Sonnenkinder, the Rache...good god, what 
Waste of time. People who enjoy this book seem to characterize it as an original work of sci-fi fantasy and a thought-provoking exploration of insanity, which interests me very much. 
Real Philosophy or Social choice?!?!. Yes it s true. The book of Sen it`s too much focused on the theory of social choice and it never makes an analysis of 
Worth every second, every page. I m not going to waste your time with a book review that s as long as the book itself, so I m going to 
Movie is better than book. This is one of the few instances that I have found in which the movie version of a novel is better than the novel itself. 
What s the point?. Very little plot, which is boring.The reader should be paid by the page, if not by the word, to read this book!  
Too many typos. I m surprised that the previous review did not comment on the number of typographical errors; as far as I can see there is only one edition. 
Not helpful. I returned this book. It is boring and seems very old fashioned. More like a textbook than a parent guide which was what I was looking for  
The Battle of Gettysburg tension, excitement... boring!!!. When I think of the Civil War I think of excitement and danger. I expect to read a good rich book about it. 
NOT THE BEST MOUSE BOOK. A MOUSE LOOSES HIS FAMILY MEMBERS & THEN FINDS THEM. IT S JUST AN OK BOOK, VERY UNDERSERVING OF ALL THE 5-STAR REVIEWS. A BETTER 
Grad student s review. I am a graduate student at ASU. This book is part of the required course materials, since Montgomery is affiliated with ASU. The quality of this 
A rare Heinlein travesty. This is the ONLY Heinlein work I don t like and have read only once, and I ve read everything he wrote that I could get 
First edition is what you want, not this one. The book is a big disappointment. I picked this book because I had bought the first version few years back and 
waste of money waste of time. Wow, I bought the book thinking it would be a helpful how-to-guide, it was more like a BAD novel of someone who had spent 
Too good to pass up, and also useful. This book is an enormously easy, fun read. As a side benefit, it will improve your grasp of the English language. I 
Where are the flags? And sound effects?. I remember hearing about this book by the great patriot Sean Hannity sometime in 2001, then it was a mere idea. From that 
Just Awful. Instead of a testament to his climbing expeditions, this book might best serve as a testament to what seems to be Jim Wickwire s blatant misogyny and egocentrism.After 
the literary equivalent of candy corn. The success of this book might be chalked up to the old axiom how no one ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the 
Terrible, worst book I ve read. This book was terrible, and I would not recommend it for anyone, especially young teens. Although I do understand the author s intentions, the 
Worthless for Word. If you just want to switch from VB to C# and are looking for a good how to reference this is not the book for you especially 
Just OK. I bought this book hopeing to get into shape for my wedding, I find it dificult to follow. Yes she does map out a plan but you have 
A Disappointment. This attempt to extend a masterpiece of poetic philosophizing on matters a woman ponders at mid-life is a whiney and disappointing series of personal complaints in the self-congratulatory 
A Bit Disappointed. I have read several of Nicholas Sparks books, but this one was different for me. It was a very very slow start. I was more than 150 
Betrayal of Trust. I received what looked like a nicely preserved used copy.The book literally fell apart from the binding the first time I read it. It continued to come 
Just an Over-rated Mediocre Mystery. At best Dan Brown s Da Vinci Code is just a mediocre modern day mystery with religious conspiracy overtones. The characterization seems like it came 
Bad Television Show In Words... If you are a cop or in law enforcement this book might be worth your while. However, you re better off skipping this one; there 
Too simple, bad photos, not Hawking. I m not a cosmologist, but Stephen Hawking s Universe was so simply written it is essentially condescending. The language is akin to the 
Whinniest Author EVER. Oh. My. God. If you ve ever wanted to read a book written by someone who is ungrateful and whines and thinks they are better than everyone 
Frustrated - can t give any star, but your system insist. I have ordered the items twice and still have not received it by now, because your shipping department have 
On the problem of anti-Catholicism. Professor Jenkins has written with insight and clarity on a number of controversial topics, unfortunately, while this book raises some important points, it is rather 
Ridiculous climax. I listened to this on CD in my car...driving around western Virginia.-The author is not a very good reader...her rhythm intonation is off...but I didn t mind the 
And the point was...?. I was excited to read the book because it talked about even how unattractive or intelligent women can be seductresses. However, all the author talked about 
Horrible. If you MUST read this book, get it at the library. Don t waste your hard earned cash on this boring To Be Continued rag. I cared absolutely nothing 
Not worth the effort. I found the book disappointing in that it depends on the interpretation of experience being a legitimate means of proving the existence of a deity. I 
A botched extension of a great short novel. Having read some of Gregory Benford s work, I was greatly disapointed by &quot;Beyond the Fall Of Night.&quot; His attempt to spin 
Rubbish. First let me say I am a beleiver in the UFO phenomenon. However, the special on saw on TLC absolutely proved to me the Phoenix lights were flares. But, 
How about a zero star rating!. Very disappointing and BORing! NO likeable characters, VERY uninteresting story. Could Would not finish--too many better books waiting  
If I could only give it a ZERO. Only 38 pages into this book, I ve had to put it down in sheer awe of how utterly inaccurate this book 
BAD, VERY BAD. This book had potential, but the terrible character developement and choppy flow of the book blew it. The end leaves you with more questions than the LEFT 
Read like a cookbook. I bought this book as a text book for a college course. I was extremely dissappointed because the style in which Mr. Edwards writes is an 
A narcissist s view of 9 11. In the years since September 11th, 2001 many authors have tried their hands at the 9 11 novel, with all of its delicate 
Don t buy another CRC book. This is a partial copy of the Mathworld material online at the Wolfram Research web site.http: mathworld.wolfram.com It makes for a decent mathematical enclopedia, 
Too technical for the layman. I should start this out by saying Howard Bloom is a genuis, and I am a big fan, but that is what makes this review 
Waste of time. The Heart is a Lonely Hunter is simply a compilation of character sketches loosely strung together. If you are a student of literary characterization and the methods 
Amusing but completely unreliable. This fat volume about food and cooking, packed with anecdotes and trivia and stories, is amusing but completely unreliable.As a source of information about the history 
Trite and banal. I wonder how long it will be before Frost s literary stock is devalued as much as it deserves to be. These are trite and banal poems 
Only read half of it. I picked this book up at my public library because I had put it on my reading list a while back when I saw that 
Painfully boring. Last week, I happened to come across this book in the library. As I had recently bought Writing a Book that Makes a Difference and Writing Creative Nonfiction: 
Crimes of Omission. Disappointingly, this uneven collection focuses on relatively marginal writers e.g, Minette Walters instead of Elizabeth Peters , and has odd emphases. Does the reader really care in 
keep your money. This book was not enlighting, alot of the information was out date. The phone numbers to the locations were disconected etc  
Only for diehard Charlotte Bronte Fans. Although the spark of creativity is there, it still takes some time to appreciated this novel after reading Janes Eyre. The main character Crimsworth 
Overrated. I have read both of Hyland s novel and I find her to be completely overrated. She uses the same voice for the main protagonists in both books: one 
cool idea but not a good book-in fact bad book. When i bought this book it had a lot of good reviews but it was nothing like what i expected. 
Everything that rises must fall. Flannery O Connor s novel is a blending together of nine short stories, all independent of one another working together to achieve a common goal. 
Mind-numbing garbage. I ve read all sorts of books throughout my educational career...from James Joyce to dry sociological texts. I ve read books so dull I could feel them sapping 
Not much useful information. This book is not very useful. Its very simple and real advice is missing. You learn more from prison life by wathing a good prison movie.For 
remember this is the old version... Having not seen the orginal Rudolph TV show in a very long time I forgot what the story line was... remember that in this 
Completely outdated!!. I purchased this book in October 2003 and, even though I was a total beginner, I quickly realized that it is completely out of date!! DO NOT BUY 
OK if you can t be bothered to search. Although much of the information contained in this book is available through other sources--www.onewedding.co.uk, for example--it is likely to be useful 
Poor, Even for a Statistics Book. I found this book to be poorly organized and poorly written. Within the chapters, the authors jump around between problems, text, definitions, etc. The 
I HATED IT. I JUST DIDN T LIKE THIS BOOK. I WANTED TO PUT IT DOWN AND NOT PICK IT UP EVER AGAIN, BUT ONCE I START READING A BOOK 
Macintosh Users Beware. I would have rated this book zero stars for Mac Users, but I was forced to choose a number ... so I chose 1 star. This book 
This was ok... I know there are many different Jewish beliefs and approaches. I am not Jewish. The author makes an honest &amp; straitforward approach. A decent read  
A disappointment. I m a fan of Koontz but this book was a disappointment. First of all it seems that not much happens. Molly, the main character, goes around worrying 
Needs a companion book. While this is a good quick reference guide, I have found that I have needed another book for most things. This would probably be good for 
ASK A SILLY QUESTION ... Richard Rothstein is no more qualified to advise on education than the new governor of California who is a body-builder . The objective of education 
Not My Cup. My stars are generous. I liked this memoir the first time I read it, but upon reading it a second time I could only wonder what I 
A Book About Highschool Drama. After reviewing the novel, Teacher: The One Who Made A Difference by Mark Edmunson, I would give it two stars. This book was about a 
OJ Should Hire Posner. This book is uniformly praised by ignorant people who want to believe the Warren Commission. Posner saw an opportunity to take their money, and he took 
Hated It. I love the Scarpetta books, but I had to force myself to finish this one. The plot was disjointed, and the use of the English language was atrocious. 
Not as Sweet as I d Hoped~. A Recipe for Bees reminded me a lot of the novel Vinegar Hill. In both stories, a wife is living in a dark, 
Wrong wrong wrong. Someone should actually read this book before reviewing it. Like Bill Gates, Popcorn is as wrong as she is right. Visionary? I ll tell you who the 
Posing for high school seniors. I bought this book to try to learn some useful poses for my subjects, and given most other people s ratings, I decided to give 
There are better guides. While I had high hopes for this guidebook, I found it a bit topical and overgeneral. Nonprofit organizations would do better to invest in a more 
ONE SIZE FITS ALL DIET. Once again Gary Null Phd recycles information into another GN book with his one size fits all vegeterian diet and vits and supplements. Gary Null 
McDonald s - How to Build a McEmpire While Making People McFat. Funny how people always vote a review to be not helpful when the reviewer expresses an opinion the 
Disappointment. I am not sure why the author thought he had something to offer on this subject. There was no original thought or useful lessons on the topic that was 
Good book for someone who only likes to read. I buy most programming books with the expectation that there will be some step by step modules geared toward developing some 
Iran. This book began to contradict on matter of King of kings Ismail. In one Chapter author wrote that King Ismail was a great King and was the best thing 
Anxious Billy-Bully. Infant mentality from O Reilly, this time in context.We all know who you work for, Billy Boy. History will tell. And you know it  
Not for complete idiots. I have a Ph.D. in philosophy but could not follow the descriptions in this book of how to use a compass and topo maps in conjunction 
Where are the first 8 stories?. I bought a dog-eared copy of this collection &quot;Trouble is My Business&quot; at a book sale for 1.50 a year ago. The copy I 
The im practical approach to DW design. If you work for a large corporation which has millions of to spend on DW projects, maybe you should look at this book 
Silly!. Great cover, enticing premise. I couldn t wait to read this book...BUT... Every one-star review before mine lays my feelings out perfectly. Let me add a couple more. Frannie 
not for beginners. I had to buy this book for my class. This book doesn t instruct how to input equations. Not enough example answer codes for each problem. Less 
Lazy Man s Way to Riches. There is supposed to be a companion Web site that is not available and no contact with the author seems to be available. Very 
Much better cookie books out there. I picked this book up at a store and ended up returning it. Some cute ideas but was disappointed by the many recipes that 
What Is Truth?. The author of this book states that Ellen G. White spiritualized away Christ s second coming. I would like for him to give chapter and verse for 
Something like an enema. I m going to wait until it gets cold enough to burn this guy s book. Oblivion, couldn t be a better title, while reading these 
One of the most cliched Lackey books. Up until I moved on to other authors, I had read pretty much everything Mercedes Lackey had written. My opinion is perhaps a 
Perhaps, maybe, suppose. An entertaining, though frustrating look at the Victorian era. Wilson s habit of using 5 words where 1 will do and never writing an unequivical sentence grows 
Ageless, I think NOT!!!. Tonight I saw Mr. Chopra on television. I was stunned at seeing a man who hardly looked healthy never mind younger or ageless!!! Common folks, put 
Not Science Fiction. Boring. Couldn t get through it. Robert A. Heinlein, a leading writer of science fiction, wrote A handy short definition of almost all science fiction might read: 
This book is out of date. I don t know why Amazon is still pushing the 3rd edition 4 months after the release of the 4th edition, which is much 
Great Book, Bad Edition [Penguin]. This is my favorite book. I ve been through three different copies: a now out-of-print Classics Club copy, the Loeb Classics Library copy with the 
Barron s is Bull. The book is pretty much useless. The one thing that will come in handy is its dictionary. The questions are badly written and confusing, and the 
Find no secrets here. A monster book of 641 pages. Proof that Eco s editor was already dead, or the book killed him. It is filled with lots of esoteric 
Unbiblical and bad writing make for one star. This book is so flawed in every which way, it is hard to know where to begin. First of all, we are 
Just Okay. I would rate this book as okay. It doesn t delve deep enough into the subject matter and he tells too many personal stories.Also, he says that evil 
Ennobling Ambiguity. Obtuse, ill-concieved, and at times poorly organized, this book was the bane of my undergraduate Medieval EuropeClass... I found it to have little value in understanding the cult 
Terrible. Having read - and absolutely loved - Ms. Gilman s hilarious memoir, Hypocrite in a Pouffy White Dress , I naturally expected this book to be a great read 
A popularity contest for ideas. Shermer s book is an attempt to classify various lines of research into science, nonscience, and `borderlands science, but he follows no rigorous methodology. Instead, 
Lame. I was excited about this book, then i read it at the bookstore. Trust me, you don t want this. It really looks like it was thrown together with 
Least interesting and helpful book on the subject thus far. I have read many books on MPD DID, and this one is the least interesting and helpful thus far. I 
Hated it!. This is sad for me because I love her other work. And even though that last couple of books aren t as funny as they were in the 
Decent class of cover....that s it. Approximately 250 pages of hybridised vacuity build from snippets of information coralled together. I can best describe this work as almost entirely cliche ridden. 
Poorly written. I am very disappointed in this book. After reading only the first couple of chapters, the poor editing and grade school sentence structure becomes exceptionally annoying. By the 
No go. My 9 year old son did not like this book. He said, you got me a book that says I hate Match, but then the author says that 
Too Little Too Late. I was very dissappointed with this book. First of all the title is a little misleading ... Taking the Leap. I was more interested in a 
A hoot!. Some of these reviews are great. Some are hilarious and show just how little each gender understands about the other. My favorite review is the one that says 
Big on marketing, short on details. I have over 30 year of woodworking experience building tables, chests etc. I bought this book as it sounded like everything I ever needed 
Witty but devoid of content. In the midst of life I felt the need to look for a little guidance in the gentlemanly . This book delivered very, very little 
TO THE PUBLISHER OF THIS BOOK BELOW. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion concerning what they read. Amazon.com graciously allows these opinions to be viewed online. The joke that 
The Path to the Dark Side. I don t know how it happened. Whether he was threatened, bribed, or just accepted a super offer from the dark side. However it 
Too Primitive!. The disigns elements were too rustic for my taste. I was looking for more of a casual elegence.  
Accurate but BORING!. Other than the chapter on the Driods, this book is not worth your time. Better to read Kip Thorne. How the author could have taken such interesting 
horrible. war books are not my favorite, but even so this book sucked. i will admit when i am wrong about a book but i was not wrong about this 
Better Has Been Written. I m going to catch flak for this, if only because looking at others reviews I realized that this is the lowest the book has gotten. 
Two words - Henry Hazlitt. You can waste your time reading this book, sure. Go ahead. Or, you can pick up Henry Hazlitt s The Failure of the New Economics: 
Not helpful - not worth reselling. I just threw this book away. Not even worth trying to re-sell. Wish there were negative stars for ratings ....I got this book when 
The Time Machine. Well The Time Machine was an ok book. It could have been better. Wells does a great job at describing the future from his view point. High 
Enron cited often. Some good ideas on driving innovation, but in hindsight, some of the cited companies haven t passed muster if one tracks their long term business performance. One 
We were unable to use in our schools because of the content. We ordered this book on the good reputation of the author, but were very disappointed in the author 
Poorly explained. I have a university maths degree and found the book very obvious and drawn out for the first few chapters. In spite of this I looked forward to 
This Book is Obsolete 0 star rating . The book s case studies, code and build files assume that J2EE 1.4 comeswith the PointBase database server. J2EE 1.4 currently only 
Did you all actually read it?. First off, I am an avid reader and love a long challenging read, however, this novel is one of the worst I have ever 
I don t agree with 5 stars... There is only one reason : Stephen Thornton has spoiled Marion s original masterpiece. If you can get the 2nd edition, which Thornton 
My first - and LAST - Kinsey Milhone debacle!. It s tempting to spoil the end of this novel in order to describe how BAD it truly is, but Ms. 
DON T BUY THIS BOOK. This book is a hastily cobbled together piece of worthless junk. Written in &quot;bullets&quot; so disorganized as to render the content meaningless, it includes such 
Rima needs to read Keynes s GT,especially chapter 20. There are just too many errors ,of interpretation,omission and commission,in this book to justify purchasing it.In this review we will concentrate 
Coffee table chicken coop book. I was aware that there were no building plans based on other reviews , but I wasn t too worried because of I can make 
SURVIVING ON THE RUMORS OF ITS SORDID REPUTATION. I heard about this book growing up but didn t read it until just recently a middle-aged adult and I have to 
Daft. This book is really, really daft, because to date there is only a minute number of mobile phones available on the planet which implement MIDP 2.0. You can t 
Some textbook!. This is the longest textbook I have in my collection and it is also a bad investment book at that. I know some readers really enjoyed the detailed 
Action Packed?. The reason I decided to finish this book is because by time I had read to page 400, I figured I might as well keep going. This book 
Not at all what I expected. I thought this book would be more technical, with more details about glass itself. It s really just about the Renaissance and Greek revival. 
A sloppy critique, One of Zizek s Worst. Zizek s failed encounter with Deleuze will prove to haunt him since Deleuze and Guattari provded a framework to get outside of 
Convicted Watergate Felon Decides to Judge the rest of Us?. Give me a break. It must be nice to find Jesus in prison and then spend the rest of your 
Perverted. I m sorry I wasted the money. I can see by the reviews you either love it or hate it. I m not squeamish by nature, but this book 
Disappointing, but redemptive at the end. One would think getting a starred review meant the book was spellbinding, but I did not find that to be the case. The idea 
same ol same ol. I am not excited about this purchase because it is just another hints book like all the other authors. I wish someone could come up with 
You can fool some of the people, all of the time. Have you ever read a study that contains tiny bits of truth usually things that are obvious but the 
Sometimes Witty, Often Wrong. Mark Steyn in Broadway Babies Say Goodnight Musicals Then and Now has accomplished an unique objective. He has written a book that is meant to appeal 
Disappointing. I saw The House of Doors recommended on the page for the movie Cube. With Cube being one of my all-time favorite movies, The House of Doors immediately caught 
Not Bad. I use The Notebook and A Walk to Remember as optional films in my upper division sociology courses. After hearing many positive student responses, I was curious about 
Waste of money. I wish I had read Maya s review sooner see earlier post !!I found this on the shelf of a Wild Oats grocery. It was an impulse 
Does unconscionable violence to the integrity of myth. This book s author is one of an ilk that cannot abide to leave the stories of other religions than her own 
what you dont know. this is basically a walkthrough but they dont tell you that i was dissapointed when i finally get it, but thats just me its up tu 
Not Useful. Nobody questions that Feynman was one of the great physicists of the 20th century. In my lifetime perhaps only Gell-Mann was more accomplished in his results of physics 
Grrr!. Mars and Venus Together Forever is one of the most ridiculous, stupid books that I have ever had the gross misfortune to read. I probably should have expected what 
Christmas Pleasures. I am very pleased with this purchase. The photos are so wonderful and makes one feel so relaxed and into the Christmas spirit. Have already tried a couple 
Unreadable!!!. I was given this book for my birthday and I tried to read it. I had such a hard time reading the book which seemed to drag on and 
Cover blurbs do not accurately reflect contents of book. This is a history of packaging, not the psychology of packaging as I expected. Thus, I found it entertaining in places 
 Pauliana and the yellow brick road . Does Ms Davis live in the here and now?. I am a 40something male, diagnosed with MS 10 years ago. Ms Davis 
not good for learning, OK as a reference book. i am currently subjecting myself to finance curriculum at a quant-heavy, top-5 bschool. this text was recommended for my Intro Cap 
Unexpected Trash. l love reading Lawrence Block s Matthew Scudder novels and many of the author s other works. But this particular effort is, in my opinion, pure out-and-out trash.Now, 
state of analytic philosophy of mind at the end of century. I sympathize with many of Searle s views about the inelliminability of the intentional character of consciousness, and the 
How can a writer this bad sell so many books?. Someone gave me this book and told me how thrilling it was. Halfway through, I find myself still reading it 
What the....!. I grew up with this story - what happened?! Somewhere in this grossly underproduced version they forgot that even in a kids story you need talented actors. Kids 
Anti-American Propaganda. Shooting People is a small thesis on how America exported reality TV to Europe and gave them bad habits. It blames the US for everything.The last time I 
Not Worth Purchasing.... I found the recipes in this book to be simple and bland. I am actually in the process of returning the book. Anyone who cooks can come 
Discouraging. I was disappointed in the contents of the book. Although some of the information was helpful, each chapter ended with how difficult it was to be an independent IT 
Not A Good Idea... I ve read all of Slaughter s books since her first, BLINDSIGHTED, and each one only became better than the last. I raced through FAITHLESS which 
THIS BOOK IS TRASH. This book is the biggest piece of literary trash I have seen in a long time. It is a collection of peace-mongering propaganda that seems to 
Fluff. This book is garbage. Filler to make money. A travesty. All the others were awesome to OK. But, let s face it - Get on with it! I m 
Nanny Diaries=Devil Wears Prada. Really, there s no difference in these two books. They both have whiny main female heroines who invoke ZERO sympathy! This book was not funny, not 
Poor service -- very poor follow-up. As part of a 250.00 order, I ordered the Michelin France Provence map in English, and the Michelin 2006 Red Guide France: Hotels and 
Look again. I found this book completely unhelpfull and a waste of money. I know nothing about the travel industry and looked to this book as my introduction into it. 
I like the red one more.. I like the original red structural package designs by Haresh Pathak.  
Book Description. This book comes after Devil s Embrace and is about their son and daughter. The in print version has been RE-WRITTEN  
Essentially because she found religion. If you are into religion, this may be a good book for you. If you are not, it is not  
authorware 6. This is a HUGE mistake in buying this issue. Wait until the reviese edition comes in, there are too many mistakes throughout the book. Its fustrating not being 
dissapointing ! mainly material from other books !. This is a great dissapointment from the respected author and the respedted publisher. In the book there are 18 sections of problems. 
Terrible. This is the first Grafton book I ve read, but I m pretty sure it will be my last. Simply put, this is the worst book I ve read 
GOLDEN BUDDHA. I normally enjoy the Cussler books, especially the Dirk Pitt stories. This one, however, is especially contrived and very confusing. There is virtually no character development, so keeping 
Uninspired. I approached this book with great anticipation after reading a glowing review. I found I had a hard time sustaining interest in the book. I did not find the 
Pure, unimaginable BOREDOM!. This book has about one or two mildly interesting parts, but it reminds me too much on Jumanji. This book was recommended to me by a friend, 
Just about unfinishable bore. The Bourne Identity by this author was great but this is a contrived, monumental bore. Intricate plotting is only worth following if the themes and characters 
hard to extract the meat of the topic from this book. It is no doubt that this author loves animals. That is apparent. What also is apparent is that the 
Shallow Characters, Snarky Remarks. I did not care about the people in this book. It seems to want be a romance story but fails. The writer sacrifices any chance of 
Don t Bother With This One. I saw this at the bookstore and read through it. I can t imagine who would have use for this book. It is an 
A big disappointment... Unfortunately the book didn t uncover any secrets whatsoever as the title alludes to. The information contained in this book is very basic. I found one major 
This one did not work for me. I think this book might be helpful for the professional interior decorator. It was just not what I was looking for in a 
anti-minimalist?. For someone who claims to be writing a book which supports historicity of the Bible, and an anti minimalist stance, Dever s work is a disappointment. According to Dever, 
Female Chauvinist. Our church book study group mistakenly purchased this Bad Girls of the Bible instead of the one by the other author.While I had great difficulty getting through the 
Gloating, Biased. Is the main goal of EVERY male evo-psy writer to attack feminism? Here s an experiment for you: Juxtapose the ideas in this book and, say, Pinker s 
Blow The Whale Down. What is this book about? Whale revenge? What is that? I read the whole book and all they do is ride around in a boat. And 
Poorly written and boring. The most boring business book I have read. After 95 pages, I have yet to gain any nuggets and am disappointed with the poor standard of 
Spoilers....if that s even possible!. This will be short and sweet--I read this about three years ago....this book had potential but sucked. Forget the fact that there is a graphic 
Be Warned. Once upon a time Tami Hoag wrote romances. This is a rather simplistic romance and not one of the mystery suspense novels that she now writes.She is better 
Obvious attempt at selling a novel to the movies. I wish writers who attempt to write historical thrillers would take the time to READ a book that was actually written 
Starts off OK but really pushes the boundaries of common sense. In many ways, Yungen s book is good. It rasies serious questions about the influence of Eastern thought and 
Series crashes with third book - be warned. After reading the trilogy, I was left wondering what the hell happened? I have just read all 3 of the His Dark 
Some useful information. I am building my own house and find myself frequently referring to this book. There is much useful information; I only wish it were more up-to-date. It 
Amazon lead review misleading. Amazon reports 8 27 06 that 282 of 288 persons found a review by Damian Nash, Durango, Colorado to be useful.The reviewer states: I am also 
Bad, really bad. When I started reading this book, I was reminded of the excellent Silverberg s little novel &quot;The World inside&quot;. However, a few more pages into Oath of 
A tough slog that s more about quarks than jaguars. I picked this up because I thought it was going to have some information about Ecuador the Jaguar section in 
Likable read- no direct skills. I thought this book would offer more in the way to make changes in your home, instead it is a nice narrative of people who 
The 360 degree leader. I am disgusted with Maxwell s inability to actually write a book rather he takes quotes then compiles them in the last two thirds of his 
Are Cliff Roberts and David Owen related?. This is a wonderfully researched book and well written as you d expect from Mr. Owen, and I enjoyed reading it. But wondered 
Very basic historic reference work, not much more. I bought this book expecting to learn more details on the design and development of this rifle and to have a reference 
It s a tad on the Euro-Socialist side, but Marcus isn t a bad artist. I thought the art had a certain charm, and used strictly as a picture book 
One of Lightman s lesser works. If you have read Reunion or Einstein s Dreams , you ll be quite upset with this novel.It seems rather limited in its scope, 
Pete, You Still Don t Get It. Don t read this book. I wish I hadn t. It ruined Pete Rose in my eyes, not because of what others have 
As authentic as a daytime soap opera. I d heard the buzz both pro and con and thought I d take an independent read. I was dismayed with this book.James 
Not written by actual students! And lots of inaccurate information. This book isn t written by students. Read the fine print. What a sham!They get a LOT of their facts 
vaudeville. She seems to have been heavily influenced by both azuza street crowd i.e. much of today s pentecostalism charasmatics i.e. the toronto brownsville blessing a history which is fraught 
LOW-FAT, LOW- SODIUM, LOW-SUGAR. This book still have the magic and mysticism of a distant planet, but is rather insipid and simplistic. Very low-reading  
CHARACTER, LOYALTY, COMMITMENT???. aban uses the words Character, Loyalty & Commitment throughout this book...Obviously this is a clear case of, Do as I say, NOT as I Do . Mr. 
Disappointed. You would think by now I would have learned not to judge a book by its cover, but that s exactly what I did in this case. The picture 
Are You Kidding Me With This?. I really don t mean to sound judgmental but this was the very worst book I have ever read. I mean even Nancy Drew 
Obvious ideas. I was forced to read this book because of a teacher of mine, for a topic at the university. She came to the classroom with this book, as 
When used as a self-study text ... When used as a self-study text, I found the book to be lacking a sufficient quantity of example problems solved in adequate detail 
slow, wordy. i really liked the first one and even went to my mom s house to pick up the second one this at 10:30 at night right after i 
it gets 1 star for the cover of the book, which I liked. This book was so horrible. It was given to me by one of my friends for Christmas. 
Not Anne Tyler s best. I usually really like Anne Tyler and I do like her consistency in telling stories about characters that are real, but not necessarily likeable but 
awesome book poor size. This is one of the best children s books ever written but it is a mini version of the book and was not portrayed as one. 
more fiction, than fact-- a wasted ot money--. This is a book for a novice, as no serious student of John Brown would consider the author has done any serious 
700 pages of reader suffering. This novel started out pretty good in that I didn t know where Koontz was going with Martie s panic attacks and fear of herself. 
Miller s NYT reporting needs to be remembered. Anyone who s read this book, or is considering doing so, should consider what has come to light about Judith Miller s 
Trash Book and the trash networks it covers. If you can read something that looks like it was written by a five year old child, as well as not get 
The silver kiss. In my opionion The silver kiss was a good story. Its just i really didnt like how fast it went or how it ended.... . But dont 
Unpleasant Reading. After 20 minutes of reading I just couldn t take Epstein s self-absorbed writing style anymore. When buying I really wanted to like this book  
Very disappointing!. After reading reviews here I decided to buy this book. I love books by Indian authors I am Indian myself , and really like the simplicity portrayed in 
A poorly writen book with many glaring ommissions. This is a poorly written book with many glaring ommissions  
Boring and confusing. I have derived many hours of pleasure from this author. My favorite is Ivanhoe. I wouldn t recommend this one, though. It is boring and confusing  
Not Krentz s best!. I usually really enjoy Jayne Ann Krentz and her alter ego Amanda Quick, but I actually returned this one to the library unfinished. I found it 
STUDENTS BEWARE!. This author is notorious for errors, serious omissions, & questionable sources in his work.If you are a student, DO NOT CITE THIS MAN S BOOKS AS SOURCE MATERIAL 
Discard it!. This is one of the worst books I have ever read. Its title deceives us. We expect to see things like kittens are cuddly, or mothers love us. 
Disappointing. I do usability inspections as part of my job. I bought this book based on Nielsen s reputation and the description of this book here on Amazon.com. I was 
Great book - TERRIBLE edition. Don t take the star rating wrong - this is as good as any of the other books in this series, but this edition Quiet 
Not Well Written. I have read hundreds of paranormal romances and this one just does not have it at all. Besides the numerous spelling errors, the story line is trite, 
The legend of bagger vance. I am disgusted that you would even think to ask me what my thoughts are. I emailed you with a complaint that the copy I 
Not the caliber of Jensen s former books... I eagerly looked forward to buying and reading this book. Having read Jensen s other books, I have come to appreciate his 
Dark Victory: America s Second War Against Iraq. In 1993, Record, a former Senate Armed Services Committee staff member, authored Hollow Victory: A Contrary View of the Gulf War[1] in 
Why Not Actually Read the Books?. Tolkien s books are brilliant. Why read cheat sheets? You can just enjoy the fantastic majesty of his novels  
Whoppers...more or less unsubstantiated. In Gold Warriors by Sterling and Peggy Seagrave claim that materials seized by the Japanese military from across Asia between 1895 and 1945 have been used 
Disappointing. This was not the life-changing book it was touted to be. I have no major complaints, but the book was not helpful  
All hype, no substance. Clever marketing ploy, calling this the last novel written by an author, supposedly a passenger on Oceanic Flight 815, portrayed in the ABC series LOST. There 
Terrible if you Speak Spanish. I normally don t put a book down without finishing it, especially one in the genre of classic American literature. However, Hemingway s English translations 
Not For Football Fans. Having first seen the movie, I was prepared that this was not a starry-eyed wholesale endorsement of high school football, but I was still thrilled when 
The worst choice. I bought it on Aug 24th and it is already Sept 23 but I haven t received it. I already requested for refund. What a worst service 
Too short, too high level. We own about 15 of the DK Eyewitness Travel guides, and have dogeared the pages over several trips. They are amazingly useful.But this one is 
Did the other reviewers read the same book that I did?. Wow! Where do I start? There were probably 50-60 grammar errors in this very short book. Didn t the 
Good pictures.....text leaves a bit to be desired. This book reads a lot like an entry-level psychology textbook where you get a taste of what is about to come, but 
Pseudo-Christian Claptrap. I will never ever recommend this author. She may claim to be a Christian, but her behavior is anything but. This person has no business counseling parents of 
You wouldn t want to share a carriage with this fellow. I started this book because I love the quote about writing being but a different word for conversation. Yes, 
Hardly about Robert Oppenhimer. The title of this book is very misleading. It is minimally about Los Alamos and even more minimally about Robert Oppenheimer.You will learn more about the 
So bad it should never have been published. I m really very surprised that anyone liked this book at all. How could anyone who likes Salinger s writing stand reading 
It s a CRIME that this book is still for sale. The publishers should be sued. Maybe we should get a class-action together.Imagine taking an instruction manual for the very 
Too much hyp for an okay book. I have heard that this is a children s book and perhaps there are abridged versions , but I have no idea how 
Glad I didn t pay hardcover price. I LOVE Suzanne Brockmann s writing. If she were any other author, I d give it 1 star. This one just didn t 
This book is bad. This won a pulitzer for reasons I don t understand. Maybe it s because I m not sophisticated enough, but after reading Gunter Grass I m 
Toxic psyachiatry is toxic for parents of the mentally ill. I was going to assign this book to my students in my Abnormal Psychology class... The first chapter is powerful 
An Easy Read That Left Me Wanting. I was so impressed that Mr. Rubenstein had been named teacher of the year, and that he used humor in his title that 
This is not her best. I have read everybook Karen Kingsbury has written and I have to say that I struggled to finish this one. Most of her books are 
Balanced mixture of good and crap. OK... this book has action. However, it seemed to me that the action sequences were not written for the readers but rather to satisfy 
Review of The Passing of The Great Race . The Passing of The Great Race was one of the racialist books written between 1855 and 1920 that would strongly influence 
A book for a Princess. I ordered this book because my husband who owns his own remodeling company never gets around to fixing anything in our home go figure . 
Vastly Over-Written and Vastly Over-Praised. From the remarks at this site, people either love this novel or hate it. I hated it. I hated it for the reason that it 
they teach all this in college. I didn t see anything in this book that was not covered in my college courses. I felt like the author assumed I knew 
Good book, but don t listen to the audio version. I have listened to and enjoyed many books on CD in the past few years. This reader is among the 
Avoid this like the plague. This is without doubt the worst book on DHTML Javascript that I ve ever read. The author tries to be cute, funny and authorative but 
Snack on this. Well, I m not sure what the tastes of previous reviewers are, but they certainly are not aligned with mine. Thank goodness I checked this out from 
Disappointing. The Christian life should be one of honesty with ourselves, with our communities and with the world. All too often it isn t, and Steven James target is a 
desperate housewives prequel. I thought this was one of the worst books I ever attempted to read. The whole plot is just plain ridiculous. Bored middle-aged housewife meets drifting artist 
Horrible Book. This is another example of someone just throwing a book together in order to call themselves an author. The drawings cannot be followed therefore the book is useless. 
Which &quot;THE SILLY BOOK&quot; is this?. I m looking for one of MY favorite books of childhood called &quot;The Silly Book.&quot; I ve read David Sullivan s review and the 
At times enjoyable and a great read but overall a long bore that drags on. I really liked the book from the begging I got hooked and could not stop 
doesn t hold up well to other historical mysteries thrillers. After reading His Dark Materials, The White Mercedes and The Broken Bridge and enjoying them quite throughly, I ventured forth 
The Worst of Several Genres. I love mysteries set in WW II and like old time radio so I couldn t wait to begin this one. The hero is a 
Great read if you ignore the last few pages. On the surface, John Waters has it all -- a loving wife, a beautiful child, a successful business -- but appearances 
If I Only Had A Brain. Why do I keep doing this to myself? I swear on a stack of Bibles I will NOT read another self-help book again and 
Slow reading. This book was dull and I would not recommend it to someone who is not a fan of Ben Shahn and his work  
Sophomoric and sloppy. I ll preface this by saying I m a cryer. I cry at movie previews when they simply look entertaining. I cried all the way through Superman 
One word describes this book. Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz... Oh my God was this book a snoozer. What a waste of time  
Awful. I actually threw this book out. I never do that but I d already wasted my money and I didn t want to waste any more of my time 
Disappointed!!. After reading &quot;The Church Ladies&quot;, I was very excited to read another book by Lisa Samson. I wish it hadn t been &quot;Songbird&quot;. I did not enjoy this book 
Zzzzzzzzzzzz. I hate to say this about a classic, but--I found this book incredibly boring  
Waste of time. This book was a day in the life of an average nobody with average problems, average kids, average ex-husband, and all of that trivial stuff that doesn 
Mel Levine is an idiot. I found this book to be insulting to children and to educators. This man obviously has no idea what he is talking about, his ideas 
Didn t find anything that was useful or particularly interesting. I had high hopes for this book what with Dr. Allen s apparent endorsement and Jay Cross writing a positive 
Quite probably the worse DL book ever released. Really, I d give negative stars if it was possible. Before I get going, I d like to point out that I 
Hate math? you ll hate this book!. We are up to chapter 5 in this book so far. Several people in the class have had to take it over several 
Crichton phoned this one in. If you ve ever seen the great movie Thirteenth Warrior that was based on this book, Eaters of the Dead will just not measure up. 
Target audience: the overprivileged. If you re over 50, white and wealthy, this book is for you. If you are someone who has dealt with many of life s hardships, 
Bought this based on a 5-star review? WHY??. My child is in 3rd grade and must look up synonyms. Very few of the words on her lists are in this 
Maybe I m justing getting older. I have read all of the Artimis Fowl Books and loved them until nowI was disapointed with this one, and not found Artmis unusaly 
Disappointed. My husband who is off fighting for the Constitution sent this book to our daughter. If he had not sent it, I would want a refund. My daughter and 
There is no storyline. I bought this book because it was on my son s school summer reading list, and he loves cars, trucks, buses etc. However, it has no 
not cute at all. 0 stars if there were such a thingugly boring squares oops, i mean patterns cheesy hickish dialectGreat! for middle americaan example of bloggers jumping on the 
Sophomoric and Painful. I had high hopes for this book. They were dashed. It s mostly a series of tests to determine what to do and letters about surreally unbelievable 
Good on process, low on recipe s. The book covers the process of smoking well. Good information on brining, sausage making, and processing smoked foods is provided. It lacks fundamental 
Shoudl be 0 stars... There is a reason there are 247 used ones of this book.We used this book in for our men s study group and every one of 
Well Documented But Highly Slanted. McMaster has taken upon himself the task of blaming the civilian leadership in the U.S. for the disaster in Vietnam. How they misled and lied 
Poorly Organized. Mr. Das aka Jeff seems to enjoy dragging the reader through as much suffering as he can recall. That appears to be his main point. The text is 
Polo anyone? Hardly. As another commenter indicated, this book is written by someone who only wished he was a polo player. It s frighteningly inaccurate and I can t believe 
 History of Hydrogen would be a reasonable title... but this still would not make up for the disarray this book is in.The author has a lot of interesting information, 
way too complicated. This is a good book for serious health nuts that have the time and energy to make simple easy recipes with a million strange ingredients that you 
The giant should remain strong no matter what. I read this book and it confirmed my feelings that USA, as the only super power, should ALWAYS remain STRONG.The book is 
You re Kidding!!. I read this book only because it was lent to me by an unfortunate person who was lumbered with it for Mothers Day. It was the only 
Good on Theory, Weak on Practical Aspects. The book presents translation theory and information on the history of translation. It lists proverbs with their translations as well as cognates and 
A total waste of money. This book is a waste of money for whomever buys it, a waste of paper, totally useless and offers absolutely no useful info beyond what 
For those who like this kind of book... If you think you d find a lot of unrelated platitudes interesting, then you ll enjoy this book.  
Rubish. Bla bla bla. Read Inside Job by Jim Marrs and watch the DVD 9 11 In Plane Sight , maybe you ll learn the truth  
NOT AT ALL WHAT I EXPECTED... TOO BORING TO GO ANY FURTHER THAN THE FIRST SEVERAL CHAPTERS. I THUMBED THROUGH THE REST AND SAW IT WAS ALL THE SAME. NOT 
I don t agree with the other reviewers. I was not convinced. Having tried Mr. X it had such a must have look about it and found it seriously wanting, 
LAME. Sean Hannity is a joke, all of these pundits are. WE should dig a hole and push them all in, then throw in a few starving tigers. That would 
wasted opportunity. sensationalist, titiliating, and as a result, a total let-down much like heavier than heaven while Cross s journalistic eye provides some interesting detail re: Jimi s early years, 
Waste of time & money. The book is full of useless fillings. Finding your colors is limited to few hair and eye color combinations. It also depends on you doing 
Couldn t finish it. Oh my word. I have only ever not been able to finish a book twice in my life -- and this was number 2. The first 
Christ loved the church first. If the church is our example of marriage Christ LOVED us first. He did not need to be respected first. I agree with the main 
Glimpses of Hildegard under a heavy overlay of Fox. This book claims to be &quot;Text by Hildegard of Bingen with commentary by Mathew Fox.&quot; In fact, it is nearly all 
this man talks nonsense. This book is a good idea in principle but clever clogs Mr Maltin seems to know nothing about films. Whiles he raves about old fashioned stinkers 
Boutiful imagery ultimately fails illuminate. I got this book after many glowing reviews by others and also on the recommendation of my coach, and after reading it cover to cover 
A mediocre and oversensationalized story. I had to read this book in ninth grade honors English. I thought the book was one more the more profound wastes of time I 
Empty stories filled with senseless plots. Don t Look Now is just one of many pointless, non-thriller, lackluster, poorly written short stories by Daphne du Maurier. I could not find 
A horrible textbook!. This text is a nightmare. Terms are poorly defined, if defined at all, and examples are few and far between. The illustrations are laughable. I ve seen 
Unbiblical and bad writing make for one star. This book is so flawed in every which way, it is hard to know where to begin. First of all, we are 
disheartened. I came to Blowback by way of a year-long research project on globalization. Over the past year I have read dozens of books, both scholary and popular, on this 
franken is a failure. Al Franken is an individual who has been mediocre at everything, this book is his attempt to take on radio giant, rush limbaugh. All I can 
Descend into Insanity 1 Page at a Time. In another rehashed treatise on Savage s perverted sense of truth, he sells a miserable, peripatetic screed to his lemming-like followers. This 
Closer to healthy than atkins, but not quite there. The Paleo Diet is based on an interesting premise- the idea that what we ate before agriculture suited our needs perfectly 
The ultimate self-love is self-abasement. There is a certain pose in these poems, and it is quite effective as poses go, but Buddhism is not a pose, nor a cloak 
A Disappointment. I had respect for Prof. Wheeler, and so this book came as a tremendous disappointment. It does little but trot out all the latest fringe theories about a 
P.O.S. Tipler says many times as I have proved . Huh? What the f is he talking about? There is no proof in this stinking pile of filth. He s 
WAS THE AUTHOR LEFT BEHIND -- IN SCHOOL?. This series may be good for a laugh. Some of the writing is engaging.But the premise is absurd.WHY, in this day and 
Now - what. I listened to this work on CD. It took two attempts before I completed it. I completed listening to the first CD and thought I had missed 
DISAPPOINTING. I m a big fan of Hooper s paranormal mysteries and was eagerly awaiting this latest in the series. However, a FBI agent who is missing her psychic abilities 
Old concepts repackaged and regurgitated. All Covey is saying in his longwinded book, basically, is this: Listen to the people you love. Put the family first in all your decisions. 
Avoid, Avoid, Avoid. This book is silly. You could get better results by buying a bag of fortune cookies, saving the fortunes from the cookies, taping them to a dartboard, 
Somewhat Disappointing.... I don t want this to be misconstrued as a knock on the author, because I think he s a great author and a great writer. I m 
Worthless Picture Book. This is not a how to book. This is a picture book. The author is a consumate artist, no doubt about that, but the publishers have marketed 
That s It. Ms.Steel is truly the Queen of repition. She needs to get some new editors and listen to them or unplug her word processeor. I see that is 
More than a disappointment!. I wanted to cry when I put this book down because I miss the Danielle Steele that wrote Thurston House , Family Circle and others. For 
Unsatisfying and disappointing on many levels. Reading this book is like trying to hold onto a handful of water. The characters are paper-thin, unbelievable and unlikeable; the multiple plot threads 
Preface should include a Warning about the Overuse of Footnotes!. 10 years ago, I orginally bought this book right before a transatlantic flight having no idea that instead of a 
This book is worthless. I will be succint: This book is absolutley worthless. Do not buy it unless you want to feel as ripped-off as I do  
For Once, the Movie is Better Than the Book. Gabriel Noone is a 53 year old gay man with his own radio show which comes on at 11 PM. He 
A Banal and Brainlessly Belligerent Buffoon. I read parts of this book until my intelligence was thoroughly insulted and I immediately returned it to the library. What a stultifying simpleton 
Becky irritate my nervous. This book is a over rated. This is the story of Becky who was such a pathological liar with a relatively small mind. She lied about 
Very disappointed. I finally opened this book after many years on my shelf to help me in my quest to tell my adopted kids that I have made contact with 
Beyond the Occult. This book should have been a hard back and it isn t! I will be returning it as the order was incorrect  
just such a disapointment. not worth the 10 minutes it takes to read this bookle  
Mailer Sucks. I ve never liked anything this unpleasant man has written but this one takes the cake. It s worse than his previous worst novel, Ancient Evenings, which single-handedly 
For me, very disappointing. Wow! I m astonished that everyone else liked this so much. For me, watching Ruth Yancey Fox ruthlessly destroy the lives of everyone in her family 
So Drawn Out, Boring, and Predictable. Alright, already.....from the very beginning I knew where this book was going and unfortunately Bagshawe took 472 pages to get me there. I was 
Only if you have to. I had to have this book for a class I took. I found it difficult to track. If you must buy it, look for it 
Disappointing, Considering The Reputation Of The Source. In my opinion, this book reads like a school book report. It is a disappointment, considering the reputation of the source -- Stephen 
Ouch! Worse than Most Paperback Romances. This book proves once again, that you don t necessarily have to be a good writer to make lots of cash and sell huge 
Grrr!. Mars and Venus Together Forever is one of the most ridiculous, stupid books that I have ever had the gross misfortune to read. I probably should have expected what 
Not written by D, but another in household. This book is inspiring in the way that it encourages people to trust God. Perhaps I should ve given it two stars 
LeCarre & Deighton he isn t !. This was a very ordinary spy novel. Nothing outstanding and nothing that suspensful. Way too many coincidences and not enough reality such as 
Gotham Not Concerned with Accuracy. Perhaps the girth of this work makes it difficult to check all the facts, but I found gross inaccuracies throughout. The authors are biased and 
mildly entertaining but predictable. The cover blurbs mentioned plot twists , mystery , and suspense . In fact, it s very linear and spoiler alert? everything happens EXACTLY as you 
Disappointing and predictable. This novel was a selection of my book club and as such it was a letdown. While you could classify the book as a good read, so 
Very poor source of dietary information. These people have stumbled upon the truth carbs make you fat and contribute to poor health , but they cannot wean themselves from years 
And yet more elitist filth in print. I was recommended Borges works by one of his innumerable over-educated sycophants and I will never forget the tremendous time I wasted attempting 
Mind numbing. This is the first book I ever thew in the garbage. It was so bad that my teenager and I read parts outloud for laughs.Here is an example 
Good Fireplace Book. This is a great book to read by the fireplace. After about thirty pages you can conveniently toss it IN the fireplace! This is the most boring, 
Horrible Book. This book scared me to death and I was for sure I would have a miscarriage. Made me feel like I was not worthy of pregnancy b c 
A little disappointing.... I am a fan of Kary Odiatu as a competitor and fitness model in many magazines. I bought this book on a recommendation of an acquaintaince as 
A Bit Disappointing... I found Rick Hess s humor to be a bit hostile and sexist in places such as on page 88 when he implies men would rather kill 
Still looking for the funny parts. This book is devoid of humor or insight. Save your money and apply it towards Adventure Capitalist by Jim Rogers. I wish I had 
Misleading, repetitive and under-researched. It is unfortunate this book didn t come out better. Some glaring problems with it include:- has no concept of energy physics to begin with- does 
The thing about a confessional... The thing about a confessional is that no one ever confesses times when they did something good. Times when they were more clever than usual, 
Zero stars if they had that option . I really have to say that this is the worst management book I read. [...] Moreover, the book is full of clichs. 
smug math book. This is one of those math books where the authors enjoy making inexplicable leaps between equations that really don t follow in a smooth logical fashion one 
Two books in one. I had been looking forward to reading about the Lessons learned by a blind person but I was not prepared for Sunday School lessons with each 
ABSOLUTE BOREDOM. This unfortunate book suffers from an acute case of aphoristic intoxication, evidenced in such pithy morsels as: like most cynics he was profoundly sentimetal about sex and our 
Another not very exciting Lt. Bak story... I keep trying but cannot get interested in the stories by this author. They seem to drag out with her style of he 
Poor beautiful me!. An interesting thing happens when people write memoirs of terrible things that happened to them: readers are afraid to say anything bad about the books themselves, because 
Will this ever end....?. I admit that I m addicted - despite the s.l.o.w. progress, constant female bickering, and frequent fashion details. I want to see how this dang series 
Disappointing. The plot is good but there are about 200 pages too many. Why a full chapter to tell us what the protagonists are thinking about the attach case, when 
Just Plain Dumb... ...but that s to be expected since this is, after all, written for the sort of person who is somehow STILL behind the Bush Administration s foreign 
The Feeling Biologist. On the plus side:It is good to have an advocate for the role of emotions and feelings in rational thought. There can be no doubt that both 
Then many false prophets will rise up and deceive many - Matt. 24:15. Let me just say I respect the NOI and it s leaders, particulary Mister Farrakhan. However, the 
Read closer for the true picture. Beyond the Influence injects the reader with exhaustive detail the effects of the drug alcohol on the human body and brain in both alcoholics 
well... I can t believe they would ruin perfectly good toilet paper on this. What s the world coming to  
need lots of materials to make cards. I think that the book had lots of cute ideas but they all require lots of separate materials that I did not already 
A Book to Make Its Readers Angry For the Wrong Reasons . I found The Whole Woman more antagonistic and needlessly controversial than enlightening. Greer makes it quite clear that 
Don t waste your money on this book !. This book is nothing more than a marketing tool for the author to get you to buy more of his books, 
A Disappointment. What a disappointment! Boosting Immunity is a collection of chapters by different authors that is poorly focused and lacks continuity. There is nothing new in this book. It 
alarmingly bad shtick. This is a very bad book once you get past your self-conscious fear that you are missing something--I would say an alarmingly bad book: one has to 
lame... this book is full of useless ideas, good ideas, yes, but common sense...not worth the money..  
The law of sex an violence. If it bleeds it leads. Too bad. If it bleeds it leads. Sensationalism at its worst. Painful novel to read but forced myself to 
A treatise in Chamberlainian liberalism. Barber is a quintessential liberal thinker who believes in unabridged ability of human beings to do good thinks - like improving living conditions and spreading 
Disappointing!. If you re looking for a serious approach to the topics of religious belief or life after death, this isn t it. It s a poor attempt by an 
Movie Is Better..,. I swear, that this book i awfull. I wasn t much of a fan for the first book. But this was horribale and more confusing. I think 
for SELL-SIDE analysts only. I bought this book based on the strong reviews as a complement to Damodaran s classic on valuation, but felt disappointed.To qualify my comments: First, I 
Not useful. This book does not deliver on it s cover title. I bought this text thinking it will help me learn the basic working details of TCP IP. I 
A major disservice to the book. The book THE LOST CONTINENT is an amazing captivating read. Bryson is truly brilliant in his descriptions. This CD totally KILLS that. First of 
Isn t this theory gibberish getting old by now?. No, I m not going to dignify this by elaborating further. This is just a link in the chain of giggle 
Look how smart we are!. This may be the worst book on real estate or mortgage markets that I have ever seen. The authors seem to be saying &quot;Look how 
slow going. Smith s book is a classic, and it is cheap - so those are some benefits. However, the book is poorly organized. It does not give you a 
Poorly written. According to Amazon author Paul A. Woods is, among other things, a researcher. This is not apparent from reading this book.I was not expecting a literary classic but 
Not So Good. I was enthusiastic about this book when I first scanned it at the bookstore. Later, after trying a few recipes and spending more time with it, I 
DISAPPOINTING, DISAPPOINTING, DISAPPOINTING!. I have enjoyed many of Anne Tyler s books, particularly, Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant, Breathing Lessons and Back When We Were Grownups . Saint Maybe was 
Could have been better, I think. Well, the fact that I m writing a review about this book, while it s sitting open on my desk next to my computer, 
Slow, unlikely, and mostly uninteresting story. What Michael Cunningham does best in this book is the little things. Similes and metaphors and various details are almost always right on. The 
There is a problem. The problem is: If you are not familiar with 20th Century Irish history, you will be lost reading this book when Part 1 ends. Doyle provides 
Well drawn, but not my thing. The subject matter isn t nearly as varied as the Amazon review suggests; the majority of it is vampires and vampire-related activities. It is 
down in front!. Just as in his book on Orson Welles, Thomson harbors an untoward lust to get into the act himself. He is forever flapping his arms in front 
Would you blame a cancer patient for her cancer?. Then let s not pretend that diet has anything to do with the severe pain associated with endometriosis.I followed the recommendations 
sloppy. I think better information can be gained by reading wikipedia than can be gained from reading this book. As a metalhead, I have the feeling that Moynihan is an 
not very good. I know Batali has become an American icon for Italian cooking, but this book is poorly written and assembled. It is boring to thumb through with recipies 
Scraps left behind. This book is only a shadow of what Bukowski can do. I was very dissapointed with his wife being so hell bent on releasing his unpublished work. 
A popularity contest for ideas. Shermer s book is an attempt to classify various lines of research into science, nonscience, and `borderlands science, but he follows no rigorous methodology. Instead, 
Disappointing. After consuming everything Hillerman has written, and learning something new about Native American culture from each book, and after Hillerman s squib on the Dust jacket, my expectations were 
Cameron s other titles are more useful to you as a writer. Julia Cameron s books are the only companions that keep me from feeling stuck and isolated in a 
too basic. The three MD s who authored Sugar Busters have discovered that sugar is bad, but haven t learned about all the other horrendous things that have happened to 
Self-delusion. I ll cut to the chase. Self-delusion is the title I chose for this review, because anyone who read this and pretended it was a profound eye-opening experience that 
Disappointing. This book started out with some interesting ideas and character development but fizzled quickly. In the first few chapters we are introduced to Joanna who is coming of age 
Some Good Points. It is a book with some good poems- Girl In A Library , for example is fine. Mazur has issues though that get a bit too personal 
Need a fair mathematical background. Major steps were skipped. A reader without a fair mathematical background would not understand why suddenly a statistical result could be used to replace the 
Este libro es un panfleto. Cuando llego el paquete, crei que no venia este libro junto con los demas, pues es muy pequeno, es una guia muy sencilla y creo 
Deceiving. I too bought this book for the biscuit recipe. I live more than a thousand miles away from the restaurant and would have loved to been able to make 
Deep Downer. Janet Taylor Lisle hooks you in with a story that evokes the best of popular fantasy with some Pippi Longstocking thrown in. Then she sucker punches you with 
A Tale.... The novel, A Tale of Two Cities, by Charles Dickens, is a story of love and compassion, which takes place during the beginnings of the French Revolution. Despite 
Then Ultimate Un-Motivating Guide. I bought this book to prepare for running my third marathon and found it to be extremely confusing, condescending and un-motivating. I have been running for 
What you would expect. The jacket cover, which talks about Walsh being independent and unbiased belies the fact that Walsh s report was issued two days before the 1991 election 
Disappointing. The plot is good but there are about 200 pages too many. Why a full chapter to tell us what the protagonists are thinking about the attach case, when 
A sad waste of paper - babbling brooks are better. Having read many books on various financial subjects, this one is on my list as one of the top 10 
Boooorrrrrriiiiinnnnnggggggg. Inticing beginning, but quickly drops off into the most DULL details of useless information. Even the ending was dull and in my opinion, and unfinished  
Title certainly feels very silly and pathetic at this point. Bush is winning the war on terror?Who here is sufficiently blissfully ignorant to still believe that? Iraq has completely imploded--even 
I don t like it. I don t like the book becuase the mom diyd in the begining of the story.The story is about a litol girl in the begining 
Undesirable. It s the polar opposite of good writing. It s so familiar, so conversational, so unturgid, and so padded with fluffy stuff it s unreadable. Even worse than I 
For heavens sake. I cannot say I enjoyed this book, largely because the main character, Joseph Reaveley, seemed to me to be self-absorbed and oddly moralistic in his approach to 
Too simple, too personal. This book is for people who never read poetry or just don t get it when they do.The author focuses on why he fell in love 
I regret buying this book. I m tearing my hair out trying to finish this book, but it s slow going, because the book is so badly written; it s 
B-O-R-I-N-G. A ferocious beast that loves Mickey Mouse? Capable of ripping two armed policemen to shreds? Capable of eluding the Marines in the wilderness? All these talents and the final 
This is a horror story?. I have read a few Peter Straub novels, of which Ghost Story was one of the finest I have ever come across, but this piece 
Collaborating with the Enemy. Al Qaida and Hezbollah would agree with the authors. Terrorism aims to undermine Western Civilization and replace with it with an evil empire that would murder 
Disappointing. This book should have been a collection of short stories. It needs some heavy editing. There are moments of real science fiction and story telling, but it is burdened 
Strangely put together. While I found a lot of the material in the book very interesting, it is put together in such a muddled way that it is very difficult 
Moaning and groaning, at a respectful distance. Be warned - this book is over 600 pages long and every character is a talking cadaver. Yes, there are seven narrators, but, 
Padded, padded, padded!. Dr. Gullo has quite a few good ideas here. My problem is, #1, most of them are already in Thin Tastes Better ; and #2, the book 
It s a &quot;gotta-have-it&quot; book. . . When Sandra says, &quot;Everything,&quot; she means it. As a professional speaker, I found this book to be a terrific &quot;help-mate&quot; for my business! 
Scholarly Ramblings. This is a difficult book to evaluate. Its author is obviously a bright scholar, and the book itself comes from an invited memorial lecture at the Seabury-Western Theological 
Should be subtitled in defense of HRT . I was looking for a bit of reasurrance and guidance for alternative treatments. I certainly didn t get it here! Ms. Sheehy 
Don t expect much~. This book is the first one you will reach for if it is your first pregnancy. Save your cash and get it from the library. Then 
terrified mother. The story goes beyond bad. This is a story of three little girls that torture and kill the wolf in a premeditated way. My 4 year-old son was 
Not for a modern economist. Book is out of date with modern economic thought. Essentially restates classical economics and provides little in the way of acceptance of the need for 
forget it. This wasn t any good as a hardback and reissuing itin paperback doesn t change matters.To get an idea of what you are in for, see the reviewsof 
I m done with Baldacci. Since the reviews printed on the inside cover of the book all are blurbs, here are my blurbs: Really hard to get into ... tough 
sorry I spent the time. Like others, I picked this book up after reading several in the No. 1 Ladies...series. No comparison.The story is in the first line on page 
this book sucks. I hate this book. It is extremely boring and it is way too long. There are too many characters to keep track of and many of them 
Fables are easy to write about. Borrow the book from the library. Wasting your money on fables is not wise unless you like wasting money . While entertaining, this is 
good start, weak middle and ending. i gave it 2 stars as i felt that overall i would not recommend this book  
NOT EASY PIANO. My child has an excellent teacher and is doing very well in piano, but when I showed this easy piano book to the teacher, she said it 
What does the turkey have to do with this mystery?. I was disappointed in this book. I had started getting these books on CD from the library amd thoroughly enjoyed 
Slow !!!. This book for the lack of a better word was cheesy. I read my first Danielle Steel book a few weeks ago Malice and was really impressed. I 
Written by a manger for managers. I was able to go cover to cover in about 5 minutes. If you manage people that use their brains to do their work 
AWFUL. I am an eighth grader taking Geometry, so it is obviously advanced. However, this book is not helpful AT ALL in learning. It is so frustrating to not even 
Utter new age silliness. Although the concept probably has merit, you wouldn t know it to read this book. This is a lot more religion that science. I am quite 
One of the more preachy books that I have read. I enjoyed Covey s 7-habits work, and bought this to add to my collection of leadership books. This is one 
Keep Jason at Crystal Lake. Okay, in the movies, when Jason took Manhattan, it was easily the worst in the series. Here, Jason is taken to Costa Rica, simply appalling. 
Sardonic putdowns ruin the content of this book. I bought this book thinking it would guide me to fun and funky places to visit that were off the beaten track. 
Very sorry I purchased this book. It took a great deal of determination to finish but not any joy.  
Too old fashioned. This book had some good ideas if it were 1970. It s very outdated. I m sure it was a good book when it was still current, 
Half truths and denial of a failed Cuban dream. Towards the middle of 1988, Castro, who had taken personal control of the war, wanted to withdraw from Angola and discussions 
Too Predictable. Not a bad beach read but nothing in this story is unexpected. I didn t really connect with the main characters. I was interested by the description in 
Self-Indulgence. I think Hemingway wanted to do two things: 1 critique certain aspects of how WWII was fought particularly the politicalization of battle plans ; and 2 pay homage to 
Disappointing. I thought the book was &quot;oversold&quot; in a way. From reading the jacket it looked like the &quot;answer&quot; to the Berenger Sauniere mystery, to what on earth it was 
Here We Are Sept, 2004. Housing Market is still going up. My own views is us seeing the houseing market slowing down and homes in higher cost areas to come 
Not Even One Star. What a waste!The title of this book should not be allowed to use the term accounting. There are a plethora of very inexpensive computerized accounting systems 
the truth about burnout. I read this book in my local libary and found it very interesting. It also applies to government which have become infected with consultants and &quot;reform&quot; 
A HORRIBLE BOOK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I do not recommend this book!!! I took so long to finish it. Do not read it. You will fall asleep in minutes!!!!!!  
Dangerous misinformation. Suzanne Somers apparently has no use for modern medical science. Especially as a survivor of breast cancer although of a very early stage she is putting her life 
Great if everything is pre-cooked.... Most of the recipes call for prepared meat, not too helpful if you want to actually cook on the fire. A few clever things, but 
It takes a millenium to finish this book. I believe that I was possibly unlucky to choose this book as my introduction to Mr. Yehoshua s work, for I am 
Disappointed. Pace was ploddingly slow through the first 14 chapters. Characters weren t engaging enough to warrant finishing this book  
False History. George G.M. Jones knows not a thing about real history. Claiming that the Great Library of Alexandria is where Aristotle took his knowledge is ludacris because the library 
Not the best portrayal of pre-Civil War America. Beloved is one of the most famous novels by Toni Morrison, America s only female to win the Nobel Prize in literature. 
A negative view. I ve read it. I wish I hadn tThe illos are nice, but the backstory makes no sense at all. And the writing goes downhill the further 
Very bad. The first impression of the book was positive, but it started to become increasingly complex and confusing. I though about having misunderstood something, but many others share my 
misleading and unscientific. I picked this book from the shelf because the author s theory of health appealed to me. I am a doctor and agree that modern medicine is 
Was the author as drunk as the main character?. Sure, the plot lines are more than a little strange, and I do not mean strange in a good way, but 
Crummy. I don t know why I do it to myself anymore. Goodkind brought a real gem into the world of fantasy novels when he wrote Wizard s First Rule. 
UGH!. I m a big Nora fan, but I couldn t even finish this one. By the fourth chapter I began to skim. WAY WAY WAY to much detail for 
definitions. Politically Incorrect apparently means bigoted, racist, sexist, classist, and freakin proud of it, woman!These guides are a scary, scary joke written by angry bigots to make open-minded people angry, 
not what I expected. I ordered Found 1 and 2, I expected some cute,sad,and sometimes heart wrenching reading material. I was very surprised to say the least. If the description 
not worth the money even tho its cheap!. No 5 isn t alot, but mine would have been better spent on a magazine. Not good. Recycled material, just a marketing 
Cheated. I began reading Forever Amber last week hoping to find a book I might like while I waited for another one to come available at the Library and from 
Something is missing. I can tell you that the main plot is thrilling. The problem is where you can find it. The book goes out of the main story so 
not what i expected. The book is good if you do not know anything about thyroid disease, the book was not worth the money that you pay for i  
Good Reference Book. This book is an excellent reference book for the serious ghost hunter paranormal investigator. Provides good case histories as well as ghost stories that can be used 
JaQuita Price Ms. Scott 8th. The book Teacup Full Of Roses had a few topics that teens today could relate to. Nevertheless, this was not a very enjoyable book to 
Verbose. I used this book for the Cornell Econ 301 course, a calculus based intro to microeconomics. The professor taught everything in lecture so that the book was used only 
Catherine s revelations for the church and individuals. Catherine of Siena would recieve revelations from God and enter ecstatic trances. In those transes she would have &quot;dialogues&quot; with God which 
Misery..... disappointing read .... After reading The Kite Runner, a story about friendship, loyalty during the adverse times in Afghanistan during the Taliban, I was looking for another read centered 
Borrrrrrrrrring. When I picked up True Believer, I was anticipating a good mystery as well as the chance to empathize with sensitively drawn characters. Neither panned out. This book is 
If only a vicar was a type of weapon... And lo my children, the lord said unto thee that... wait a moment... this is the modern age why am I 
Could have done a better job at the beginning of the book ~ Too confusing. My first Philippa Gregory book was The Queen s Fool which I throughly enjoyed. I 
Some of this author s advice is damaging. I enjoyed this author s other Outsmarting book better, the one NOT about menopause. This book comes across as whiney at times 
Frustrating for little fingers. We bought this book for our 2 year old daughter, and even I had trouble putting the valentines into the slots. The valentine was not very 
Forget trying to order this from Amazon!. I have been trying to order this from Amazon since October 2005. Twice now they have delayed and delayed the delivery for months 
The Invisible Woman. Denmark fancies himself a real tough guy because he grew up in the tough Brownsfield District and because he was named after slave revolt leader Denmark Vesey. 
Man Fish = Book. My friend told me this book is incredible but I found it a little far fetched personally.Why doesnt the guy just catch two fish which are 
Disappointed. After reading the Oprah Pick, What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day, I was very disappointed in Some Things I Never Thought I d Do. It took me 
Animal Farm Revisited. Marjorie Kelly stands heads above her comrades in shouting the old adage From each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs from the father 
NOT WORTH THE MONEY !!!!!!!!. The worst story is Kenyon !!!I will NOT buy any more in the future!!  
Not Interesting as a Book. This book would do well to advertise itself as a series of articles about topics and people related to chocolate and chocolate production, but marketed 
customer review. this review is not based on plot or writing skill of author. the graphic presentation of the book was so unappealing and overstimulating, that i couldn t even 
Really, really not good... I was really excited about this book. I ve been studying Islam for about ten years now and ride the cusp of converting so I thought 
Boots. The original. He was kind of cool, but now he ain t; people using his backwardness against us. Forget this dude, or perish. 1896 speech was a total sell 
A History of the Same Tired Stuff. Intelligent Design is, ultimately, an intellectually dead end. This is the large elephant in the living room of Mr. Woodward and Mr. Johnson. 
A Waste of Time. Don t waste your time. This book is not about cooking. It s more about existential angst that results from a dead-end job. Even Julia the 
I m Trying To Think of Something Good To Say. I can t find anything good to say about this book. I agree that it s tedious, boring and a 
a sad waste of time and money. I went out and bought this book after seeing the reviews posted here and on other discussion lists. This is probably the worst 
Totally debunked. This book is, in hindsight, horribly wrong. It is now known that there are no WMD s in Iraq. Saddam did not pose a threat to America and 
From Standup to... Standup!. Probably a great resource if you re interested in being a standup comic. Other than that, there s not really that much in this book I 
Not even for 1.99. Alas, I ve joined the group of dispointed consumers! I love Alton Brown, but this so called &quot;book&quot; is less WAY less than steller. I actually 
Just REALLY BAD writing!. Ok, I don t mean to be rude, but if you think this is great writing you are woefully uneducated. It is almost a sad confirmation 
Horrible Book. The only great thing about this book is its small size and thats about it. The text doesn t do a very good job of explaining the ideas 
not worth the effort. I saw this book when I was a child and wanted to read it then it had a cool cover with a kind of blimp airship 
Disbelief really hard to suspend!. Mine got unsuspended with the second boyfriend s death.I am a great fan of Nora Roberts and really looked forward to this book. Believe me, 
Not very enjoyable. As a big fan of the 20 or so L. M. Montgomery books I ve read and re-read, I was so excited to finally find a copy 
Undesirable. It s the polar opposite of good writing. It s so familiar, so conversational, so unturgid, and so padded with fluffy stuff it s unreadable. Even worse than I 
BS - Pure Ruminations. I can hardly find words to describe this work. Vacuous comes to mind with little effort. The entire time I read this, I thought, where s 
Riddled with errors. Other reviewers have pointed out the errors Eric Alterman makes in this book, like saying that the U.S. was under the Kyoto Protocol. That was particularly annoying. 
The Dating Game. I did not like this audio book.Out of all of Danielle Steel audio books this one was the worse and most depressing story.In a world of finding 
Not a page turner. A friend recommended this book to me, so I picked it up. From the start, I had to force myself to keep going. I read the 
Expensive advertisement!. This book does describe how to wet pan, dry pan and a few other things...BUT it is a very expensive advertisment for Garrett Metal Detectors and the &quot;new&quot; 
Lost faith in Seth Godin as a marketing guru after this book. GODIN wrote about the new way of customer and prospect communication in PERMISSION MARKETING -- a must read. 
System safety is not an inexact science. I must say that I do agree with the words of David Nightengale Saint Paul, MN that If you want to know about 
A Bad Man. I read the book because I had heard good things about it. I was disgusted by what I saw. I ve always been a moderate, so this 
A Turgid, Pretentious Anti-War Allegory. No wonder there is so little said about this award-winning Faulkner work. It is a chore to read. Only in a few passages does the 
Too much guess work and very little science. Even though it was fun to read, I give it one star lest the brainwashed academics out their suffer further undue influence. 
If you re new to PM, prepare to be confused... This is easily the worst textbook I have used in my entire college career. Its language is convoluted and extremely 
It just didn t grab me the way I expected. I actually read this novel about four years ago and didn t really like it, but after reading all the 
Der ueber-professor. John Carey is the Merton Professor of English Literature at the University of Oxford, occupying one of the most prestigious chairs in the academic world today. From this 
Dublin Made Me, but didn t keep me. Has the superior writing of Frank McCourt and Roddy Doyle opened the door for anyone to believe their memoirs are worthy of 
Relationships. This book is for women who enjoy reading about relationships, in repetitive, excruciating, detail. Her mother, father, sisters, girlfriends, boyfriends, etc. etc. and her drinking. Guys will find this 
boring. Did not care for this book. It was a struggle to get to the last 100 pages which read somewhat more interesting but was not worth it. Don t 
Was she really that GOOD of a mother?. I don t feel that Miller made much of an attempt to prove that Anna was in fact a good mother. Like 
not a strong point for Naipaul. I am a huge fan of V.S. Naipaul. The premise of this book--exploring the effects of the colonial situation upon the lives of three 
wrong isbn. The isbn number I ordered was 0072866845 the isbn # I recieved is 007121582-4 or 007121427-5 both numbers are on the book  
Do not waste your money. This is quite possibly one of the worst books I have ever read. It drags on like a rusty knife for far to many pages. 
Lacks detail and helpful tips. This is not one of Lonely Planet s best guides. There is suprisingly little information. For example, the book mentions that there are a few 
Too old. This book is now 11 years old. Lot of informations are missing now  
A Simple Mind. I know a lot of people liked this book, but it didn t work for me. The main character and his buddies run around like chickens with 
Typical liberal rhetoric. I first read passages from this book in college. I can now see how liberal professors very much enjoy using this book to influence young minds. Professor 
wouldn t read it again. I felt like I was watching a poorly made horror movie that included casual sex while the killer was planning his next move. I can 
Half Assed. This books was way too overhyped. Upon purchasing it I was greatly dissappointed. It does give an introductory crash course in some guitar theory, but a lot of 
OJ Should Hire Posner. This book is uniformly praised by ignorant people who want to believe the Warren Commission. Posner saw an opportunity to take their money, and he took 
lots of fill...little thrill. As a piece of entertainment, this book falls flat. Way flat. There is a story here, but mundane sub-plots including the love story are thrown in 
Half of the book is blank reserved for notes!. Pages 38 to 97 -- half the book -- is just blank space for notes, which you could just as well 
Technically excellent, but artistically disappointing. I was actually fairly disappointed by this book, though it does merit very high marks on the technical issues, i.e. the reproductions are of high 
The Highest Bottom Drunk Ever. If you are at the top of your profession, totally successful, financially secure, surrounded by hot babes, driving a Porsche, AND you have a desire 
Huge disappointment. After reading Men Who Can t Love which, by the way, is brilliant! , I was excited to pick up another piece by these authors. Unfortunately I was 
History written by a loser. From Lind, verbatim: Who won and who lost the Vietnam War? The only complete losers were the officials of South Vietnam, whose state was erased 
Anti-family secularist claptrap. I just wonder if this would have been published without the author s being married to an author; I find his stuff repetitively boring as well. This 
It s called the &quot;Rough Guide&quot; because it s rough. This book was a disappointment. It s information was incomplete and uninformative and I m talking about the recent FIFTH 
Read if you must. Reading this book, I find that the author s ego interferes often with the documentation of how America went from Haute cuisine to the modern American 
This book is not what I expected.... I have studied, practiced and taught managerial accounting for more than 17 years at work, using excellent supporting text and case books from 
Average romance novel. i m a nora roberts fan, so picking up a book of hers to read is something i look forward to. after reading born in fire , 
Disappointing. It has nothing but pre-published photos we have all seen before in magazines. The tats aren t even shown. They talk about how Angelina has a lot of them 
Don t, Good read but not Good!. Paulo Coelhho is one of the greatest writers of our time but he failed on this one and I wonder why, commercialism?Good read, 
Little conceptual explanation. I m currently using this book for my Process Calculations course. The book has many example problems and covers unit conversions, material balances, energy balances, single phase 
Hate it and love it. I hardly know how to describe this book. When I read it two years ago, my hatred for Pamela the character was something of an 
How Not To Write a Romance. This book should be an inspiration for romance writers, indeed writers of any genre, because after reading it you are sure you can write 
This is appalling. Teach your kid to use Weights and Measures and poison him herself with sugar and empty calories at the same time!Perhaps Hershey s should also create a 
Boring. This story has been done time and time again. Don t waste your money. Humor was forced and trite, book was way too long  
Disgust!. I would prefer to give this book no stars. It is an outdated, sexist look at the generalizations of men that no longer apply in today s society. I 
Thumbs Down for Terri s Family . Anyone gushing over the concerned and loving parent s of Terri Shiavo really needs to read Michael Shiavo s book on the life 
Silly Premise. This is one of Kellerman s poorest books. When you FINALLY get to what is going on, it is ridiculous. Don t waste your time on this  
Not Really A Little House Book At All. The First Four years was released many years after These Happy Golden Years brought a sweet, tidy ending to the series. I 
Outdated---Ancient History. Exiled Cubans in Miami up to 1987. This is real old stuff. I wonder why this book is still being published. Felt like a collection of shorter magazine--newspaper 
Leaves me cold. This rates as one of the poorer mysteries I have read in years. It was truly an ordeal to finish, and I am left wondering why I 
Very little sailing...tons of social commentary. I admit I am a resident of the South - Alabama to be exact. But when I purchased this book, I sincerely wanted to 
Left Behind Series. The Left Behind series is the best reading I have ever read. I admit my reading is not all that much, but when I read the very 
It All Depends. It all depends on who you are if you will like this book. Republicans will like it but Democrats or people with brains won t.  
a little bit dry. I read through this book and found it fairly hard to digest. It seems too academic for me. An amateur like me probably won t be 
Based on Incorrect Facts. This is the first time I ve given a book the minimum rating.I bought this book in the hope that it would help me consider whether 
Communist Fish. Rainbow fish has colorful shiny scales. He is shamed into giving them to everyone. Sounds like a communist primer  
One of the most deceptive books ever written. There is no measure how harmful and disastrous this sermon has been to all who have read or heard it. The teaching 
Forgettable Italo chiller. International noir hits rock-bottom with one of the latest outing of this midlist Italian author. A wannabe psychothriller, Almost Blue could only satisfy the staunchest defenders of 
Man, what tough going !. What a slog it is trying to get through this book. I m nearly there I ve read 3 or 4 other books since starting 
Counting the trees and missing the forest. I had been looking forward to reading this book because of research I m doing on a related topic. I m not a 
The blind will lead the blind and both will fall into the ditch. He bowed at a shinto shrine.He attends the Pagan rite at Bohemian Grove for the Cremation of 
Christian Marxist. I was excited to read this book as it is on the reading list for a theology course at Wheaton College. It didn t take me long to 
This book is pure baloney and propaganda. Global warming is not controversial among scientists. For many years, there has been almost universal agreement among climate scientists that global warming is 
actors not authors. I usually am entertained by the aforementioned actors, but authors, they are not. I had less of a problem with Garofalo s banter, but Stiller, made no 
same old same old. This book has the same old information you have already heard. I really did not like this book. It had several items that are false in 
Sappho Would ve Leapt After Reading This. That s what this book should have been titled. Erica Jong is, indeed, an incredible writer, but not here. Not even close. Her 
mostly sloppy and uniformed with a few good bits. Ambrose writes in a mostly accessible style which is not a bad thing, but this book is a mish mash of 
Why Do Cultural Ctitics Have To Write Like This?. OK--I know that Nina Auerbach is a famous, groundbreaking feminist literary critic. I don t disagree with many of her points 
nothin much here. This is like the other cambridge companions: it is not a reference work, is not thorough, is not authoritative nor objective. This is a collection of essays 
Everyone Loves Una; Or, The Navel-Gazer: A Mary Sue. I truly wanted to like this book. After years of avoidance I had just finished Moby Dick and found it not 
Wasted Space. I was very disappointed with the content and layout of this book. The amount of wasted pages for workspace is excessive, but considering the lack of true content, 
Weak, Lacking Depth and Dated material. I ve read many books in this segment and I would strongly recommend reading Hot Text: Web Writing that Works or Networds. Robert Bly 
Another unfortunate representation. As much as America needs a real understanding of the Indochina conflict, this work falls drastically short. The sources sighted are the typical biased rationalizations void of 
Very pretty book, some ideas but not that good. &quot;The Home Organizing Workbook&quot; by Meryl Starr is the type of book that is design to catch the reader attention of 
Annoyed. I wanted to read this book because of the impact of Midnight Express&quot; and was curious as to why he then had such a sparse career. Now I know. 
wrong item sent. I received a book that I didn t even order. The one I ordered is yellow and white 3th edition . THis isn t the one I 
Everything Is A Conspiracy These Days. I bristle at the suggestion that perhaps Roosevelt knew of the attack but did nothing to stop it, as if a repulsed sneak attack 
Utopic. Islamic Insurrection is not imploding. The author develops an original argument that the Islamic insurrection is imploding on its own. In other words, Osama bin Laden s Jihad is 
Pretentious text, weird typography. If you want to read a presuppositionalist defense of militantly unregenerate Calvinism, I d suggest EVERY THOUGHT CAPTIVE by Richard Pratt instead. It s much clearer, 
Disappointing...very. I have loved this series from the beginning - great characters, fun stories, thrills and romance. Very light, quick reads that are great entertainment. This story was awful. There 
Just Not Up To Ms. Hooper s Normal Standards!!!. I ve been like many reviewers a long time fan of this author and have found this latest Evil novel to 
Mark of the Beast is MONEY. No one buys or sells without the MONEY of the beast on in mind or hand -- Apocalypse. The correct, in context translation of 
revenge of the whale not a good book you better not read it. i read this book the reveng of the whale.it is about a huge sperm whale that attacks 
Funny, but under this guise should provide actual guidance. A good helping of humor is good for potential grooms, but most of us need more substantial info along with it. 
written on childish intellectual level, yet not even good as that. I read about half the book before calling it quits for good. I love the real Issaac Asimov stories, 
Simplistic advice. The advice given in this book is really so banal that I suppose anyone could have written the book. I really don t understand why there has been 
Not impressed. The authors seemed to spend more time asking you if you really, really, really want to get a poodle, considering all the work and money they take, than 
Really bad ending. I liked this book up until the ending. I expected the judges to be released and taken care of one by one which would have been predictable 
Not for neophytes. Beware, if you are not familiar with the tools and commands of this program, this book is not for you. The author, particularly in the early portions 
I just don t understand. Why are there so many insanely positive reviews for this book? Honestly, what has this author contributed to the world with this book? Was it 
Would not recommend this book to anyone. I was really surprised at how bad this book was. It was terribly written and cheesy. Both of the main characters are completely 
dont buy it. there is no information giving. it took me 2 hours to finish whole book, which is less than 50 pgs.dont buy it  
Series hits a brick wall. This is the third installment in the Mitch Rapp series and the author s fourth book overall. I d suggest reading the previous books both 
Am I the only one...?. I read this book many years ago, and thought it was terrible. Looking through the reviews just now, I couldn t believe how overwhelmingly positive 
Interesting subject - poorly written. Although it was a chore to overlook the poor writing - the stories were interesting. However, because the writing was so poor, especially from someone 
Rubbish. A conservative, but well-meaning friend of mine lent me this book. Upon first read I was astounded continuously by the utter tripe that dribbles from one page to the 
American Mania: When less would have been better. Peter Whybrow s finest moments are to be found at the beginning and at the end of this book, in which he 
Self-focused marketing in action. Even though Don Peppers and Martha Rodgers have seized and even created opportunities to promote CRM and 1 to 1 marketing, this book provides no true 
Christian slop for the dumbed-down. I see some have given reviews that Marrs researched his subject area well. What he s done is give some conspiratorial reason for life as 
Over Rated. I heard all of these great things about this book etc...... So I got a copy and let me tell you it was a huge let down. I 
poorly organized. The problem that I have with this book is that often the words that it defines tells me to go look up another fine. That would be fine, 
A Painful and Slow Read. This book reads like a graduate thesis. It manages to bury interesting ideas with overly drawn out explanations and arguments. Each chapter should be pared 
 94 Blackstone Audio is AWFUL. The 1994 Blackstone Audio Book version of Turn of the Screw is read by Pat Bottino. Mr. Bottino s uninspired presentation destroyed the story.Perhaps 
One percent of 9 trillion is????. Page 328: ... For example, out of a worldwide total of 9 trillion in international bank loans and deposits in 2001, only about 700 
Ordinary does not have to be ugly. This book depressed me. I don t understand what other people see in it. I was thrilled when I finished it. I don 
Something like an enema. I m going to wait until it gets cold enough to burn this guy s book. Oblivion, couldn t be a better title, while reading these 
Dragging out the same joke for far too long. Swartzwelder is the best writer on the Simpsons staff, bar none. But his prose style leaves so much to be desired. 
Disappointing. I had very high hopes for this book due to its title and was looking for how to more cohesively merge Buddhism with management in modern corporate America. My 
Old concepts repackaged and regurgitated. All Covey is saying in his longwinded book, basically, is this: Listen to the people you love. Put the family first in all your decisions. 
Historically inaccurate garbage. This book gets one star because you can t give zero. I have a B.A. in European History and I am utterly horrified by the historical inaccuracies 
This is only a VERY SHORT EXCERPT!!!!. This is misleading...not even 5 of the Ruskin masterwork is printed in this book.  
Illegal surgery and the medical community. The daughter of a prominent Boston doctor is dead, apparently from a botched abortion which was illegal in the late 60 s . Dr. 
Matthew you could have done your research even under marilyn monroe biographies. why do you and others continue to perpetuate the movie magazine stories and call them non fiction even 
This book is trash. If you want a book about jarring, hideous color combinations and no useful information whatsoever, get this one. There are so many bad art instruction books, 
NOT for beginners or the mildly apathetic. This book is very comprehensive, which is either a blessing or curse depending on your background. As someone who knew nothing about Islam 
I was Bored of the Silent . I feel I must protect other unwitting prospective readers from this directionless, suspenseless, bore. Being a fan of all things Egypt and an 
Too Blue. I m embarassed that I read this all the way through. The language expletives passing for literature and dialogue were an early turnoff. I don t live with 
Go to baye.com , and scroll to the training article on Power Factor Training. Yes, you can use more weight in positions of leverage advantage, not because you re working 
Please find another Calculus book!. Let me put it bluntly: my instructor uses this book as little as possible due to the incredibly overdone style in which the text and 
It is so bad. The absolute worst book eve  
incredible fabrications of history. Does she know anything about Japan s wartime history? Just google Unit 731, the place where her own daddy probably worked at. Is it a pure 
Worst Humorous book.. This is a worst book I ever read. Also it is not written by Jerry Seinfeld but forwarded by him. And I picked it up because of 
The writing never really comes together... This is a collection of short stories revolving around the new founder of her own detective agency. The book spends a fair amount of 
Lackluster. This book was very easy to read and moved along quickly but it was by no means &quot;good.&quot; The plot was sometimes boring and sometimes just silly and the 
TOO DARK FOR ME. I read this book once. It was allright but too dark and racy for me. I like reading about vampires but this one was hard to 
Poor. The storyline is way over-the-top, the plot is very poor, the red-neck-America-knows-best attitude of the writer is funny and sometimes annoying. Still, I ve red worse books. But not 
Not-so-Perfect Life is far from perfect book. I laughed out loud when I read Annie Lamont s Operating Instructions , but I understood the source when I read it. I 
Islam in America. Read The Holy Quran before reading any propaganda books like this. Any book on Islam not written by a Islamic Scholar will be biased and racist. The 
Boring. I know it s difficult to discuss and review all of Europe in one book, but this book was boring. It was easy to read, but not very fun 
Didn t work for me... This book is a quick read, though obviously there is more there. How much, exactly, remains in question. Apparently, others have seen more there than 
if you have any sort of hard science knowledge, don t bother. this book is obviously written by someone who is scientifically-challenged. basic astronomy, math, ecology, etc., do not add 
BoRiNg!. Bought because it s purportedly a MUST READ of recommended English 19th century literature and I m trying to read every good book I can before I die hopefully 
Trotsky: Mass Murderer and Liar. You know, I hate to burst the bubble of devoted Trotskyites across the globe, but Trotsky was just as responsible for Stalin s rule as 
Disappointing. McLaren s critique of the church in the modern age paints a scathing picture, but doesn t refer to any leaders by name. His perspective seems distorted to me, 
Potentially Very Dangerous. This is the story of a very arrogant doctor who quits his medical practice because of what his &quot;Inner Teacher&quot; told him. This could be a sign 
Alien Abductions and hypnotic induced memories.. This book is a text book case of hypnotically induced memories for the sake of UFO disinformation, I will give three star in other 
Nice But I expected More. This is a nice book but not a good buy at about 50! Nice pictures that you might look at again sometime in the future 
not so hot. The cover is by far the best art in this book... There are some other good ones inside, but most are incredibly poorly drawn and not very 
Blank Pages and Redundant Material. I received this book as a gift, and I am so glad I did not buy it. It is a 137 page book, of which 
Uninformed. A book of generalizations for his cult. I ve been confused by Michael Medved s position on film ever sinse he posed a question in the wall Street Journal 
No solos. If you are trying to learn the solos of the first four Iron Maiden albums S T, Killers, Number of the Beast, and Piece of Mind , this 
lots of drawings, but little info. This booklet has a lot of Warner Brothers drawings, but it doesn t delve into the specifics of creating animation very well. I d 
disappointed. The original works of James Strong are excellent, however in the case of some of these newer books where Dr. Strong s work has been corrected are not so 
Misses the Point. After using Dr.Dyer s aaah meditation CD for a month, I decided that I wanted to learn more this meditation. Therefore, I bought the book Manifest Your 
No dept. I expected something of a mystery with plot development. Wow, the plot never got higher than 6&quot;s off the ground. The story was weak without any mystery and 
Please Do Not Be Mislead By The Title!. If you re interested primarily in Near-Death Experiences, then do not go with this one. Mrs. Whitfield describes her two NDE s 
Why continue to be deceived... Tim LaHaye, Jerry Jenkins, and others in the Pre-Trib circle, such as Ed Hindson, Tommy Ice, Chuck Missler, etc., continue to put forth the same 
The Pursuit of Arrogance. Simply put, this book is the drivel of a man who thinks very highly of himself. It s like being forced to have dinner with your 
Ramblings of a dirty old man. Heinlein is a great author. When he sits back and tells a story, he s one of the best. Glory Road and Citizen of 
A mediocre look at French Style. I bought this book expecting it to be as wonderful as French Chic by fashion writer Suzanne Somer unfortunately out of print or A 
Promise lost. The title is misleading. It should indicate that a great deal of other information is brought into play, such as history, politics, and propoganda. Many will, no doubt, 
Don t Quit Your Dayjob!. Maybe the worst thriller I ve read in years. The dialogue, characters and plot are at best soap opera material and that s giving it 
More money?. Talk to the Polish and South Koreans, and ask them why they do more with less.  
A Little Voice Says Don t Waste Your Money . The main thing I learnt from this book is that it is definitely better sometimes to look through a book 
Houston...we have a problem. I gave this book two stars because I admire anyone who can summon the sheer willpower needed to complete a novel of nonsense--particularly one with as 
Sisler: One of the two most overrated players ever. I hope Huhn did not spend much time on this project.George Sisler had a .340 career batting average, and that sounds 
YOU VE GOT TO BE KIDDING. Obviously, creationists confuse the question Has evolution occurred? with the question What is the cause of evolution? The scientific answer to the first question 
Dont waste your time or money. Terrible and pretentious writing. I tried to read this book without much luck. If you have trouble sleeping, this is the perfect sleeping pill. 
My Baby is a PERSON, Not a Thing. While this book does contain good information, it s presented in a way I couldn t get past. In an attempt to 
How Sad............ I think I ve read most of Mr. Woods Stone Barrington novels, enjoying them thoroughly - BUT this is a sad addition to the collection. He just called 
Left me wanting more... The characters are uninteresting and 2-dimensional, the dialog hackneyed. I have no idea why it s on the New York Times Bestseller list. It was more 
Wasted My Money. The title was the best part of this book. Not worth purchasing - if you MUST read it check it out from the library or borrow it. 
I put on weight. Everyone s body is different...my weakness was always bread therefore it s been over 12 months I ve cut down on bread. Therefore when I had 
Tedious. Reminded me of a UT student on the 7 year plan. A great 200 page story that is told in 380 pages. Hope the next is better  
Ok but not very detailed. This book is a more a of brief review of table saw technique and jigs. The chapters are not very detailed and don t actually 
Terrible Book. Oh my, all the terrible reviews for this book are true!! Ms. Steel is excessively repetitive....I mean EXCESSIVE. Ms. Steel goes into too much background on the characters 
Econometrics Analysis by William H. Greene. I used the first edition of this book as a graduate student in my econometrics class. The book is very confusing and hard to 
Shallow content, Overpriced book. This book has a very shallow content, and is only a glorified feature listing of web analytics product features with no in-depth details at all. What 
aes sedai are sooo boring. the first chapter was awesome... lan gearing up for a battle, there s suspense, there s a promise of action, i was excited to read 
For tru-fans only. The novel was a badly-researched and badly-written third-rate airport thriller. This illustrated edition is an expensive and attractive badly-researched and badly-written third-rate airport thriller.For tru-fans only  
how bad can you get with good ideas?. Of the first three Anita Blake s novels this is surely the worst.This hit me as totally unexpected and I am very 
The Essence Of Awful. Thomas Frank has been endowed with a talent for writing tortured prose which is uniquely inelegant, the Washington Post should really recruit him, he could be 
Boots. The original. He was kind of cool, but now he ain t; people using his backwardness against us. Forget this dude, or perish. 1896 speech was a total sell 
The really own words of the master are excellent. One at the front: The really own words of the master are excellent. One must make sure that only 43 sides 
An attempted read. Perhaps I expected more from this book than was present, but I could hardly get through the first few chapters and I am an avid historic biography 
belief vs. belief; not science vs. religion. This book is written relatively well. But, as other reviewers points out, if you really want to understand the arguments, then you had 
Not one to start with. Aaron Sisson works in the English mining industry, and is also a talented flortist. Disenchanted with his life, he leaves his wife and children and 
Woeful. I have been reading Cornwell for about a decade now and in the 1990 s I thought of her as one of the very best of the best writers 
Disappointing. I was really curious about Angela Davis,but I found this book really boring. It seemed really clinical and dry. I ve read alot of autobiographies,and this one was really 
Hiro s Worst Book. I have read Dilip Hiro s other books, which I am a big fan of, and this one is terrible. It is totally biased against America. 
A Conflicted Review. My review of this book is somewhat conflicted. While I would state it would make a good book if you did not know anything about Windows 2000 
Boring. I could not get into this book. The storyline was dull and so were the characters. Not recommended  
A broad book, but lacking in details. The book covers a broad range of problems in machine design but lacks clear explanations and citations. Often times in sample problems the 
Beware: Difficult Read. Perhaps this book explains Schopenhauer with amazing clarity and detail, but I couldn t make it past the first 50 pages. It s just one multi-page paragraph 
get your nose out of your navel and see the world around you. This man is another example of our over-affluent society s attempt to distract itself from existential angst 
That s It. Ms.Steel is truly the Queen of repition. She needs to get some new editors and listen to them or unplug her word processeor. I see that is 
Oreilly losing quality. This book as has been said is a completely different book and not worthy of being called the second edition of such a good book . Oreilly 
Not at all colorful or fun to read for parents or students. We have this book - in fact, we have had it for six years and have never used 
You do plan to have Chain Masters on your Chain Master Tour?. You gotta love a book called Master of Chains which deprives you of anything even remotely resembling a 
The CD doesn t run on a Mac. I wish I could review the book but I can t. I have a Mac and can t run the CD. I 
Fabrications. Helllo! I am Mambo Racine Sans Bout, the same Mambo Racine about whom Ross Heaven has so many nice things to say in his book, Vodou Shaman . It 
I would never recommend. his biggest advice - a rooming house. For one good luck finding a house that has proper zoning for this. Politicians and neighborhoods hate these things. 
Don t buy this book. I really hate to pan a book because I have a lot of respect for the effort that goes into writing one but do yourself 
Miller s Motive For Bad Reporting. This book came out at the same time that Judith Miller was doing the incredibly bad reporting for the NYTimes that lead the US 
Long-winded for such a thin volume... I would ve loved to have this information more succinct & to the point, it would have made a good article...unfortunately the author obviously 
Don t waste your money. The paintings in this book were of very poor quality. Some were even smeared. Couldn t wait to send this back  
A rather boring translation of the great Dreigroschenoper. One has to know and understand the original German text of the Dreigroschenoper to be really able to judge the quality of 
Poor evidence of sources. Maguelonne Toussaint-Samat provides a rather feeble excuse for her limited bibliography and fails to provide adequate citations for many of her assertions. There is an obvious 
What they didn t teach the writer about writing. While the facts in this book are interesting, it is such a difficult read. How any editor let this book by 
Superficial advice, save your money. This book was a big waste of money. The information is so basic only a real novice would learn anything. And don t believe the 
Ruination. Dear God in Heaven . What a dreary little effort this is and what a disappointment after A Simple Plan . GReat idea for a very short story. Bad 
Making Meaning: How Successful Business Deliver Meaningful Customer Experiences. I skimmed through the book and found it to be of little meaning. There did not appear to be any substance 
NASTY SPRING. A friend of mine gave me this book to read, and I was shocked by the poems. The words that can best describe them are DISTURBING AND PORNOGRAPHIC. 
In the tradition of Kenneth Anger... Probably no biography is without some value, but this is one of the two worst Chaplin books published. The comedian was hardly a perfect 
Who s looking out for the sexually harrassed?. Glad I was able to borrow this rather than buy. It his his show in a book. By the way I have 
fairytaleaficcionado. interesting, well documented, with marvelous illustrations.Definitely a good buy for adults who still dream of fairy tales characters. It is a pity that the collection does not include stories 
Pretty worthless. I m afraid this book is pretty useless as far as factual information goes. Few texts are properly cited and John Paul I is quoted as saying all 
I need another book just to understand how to use this book!. I am currently entering my 3rd year of nursing, and of course, the school that i attend also 
Avoid the book and movie. No thrills and a pointless plot marr what could have been a pretty decent story.The whole thing is based on who wants to kill Darby 
this is ridiculous. I don t like fat people whether they are men or women. Americans each too many calories and do not get enough exercise. there is no Adonis 
not so great if you re looking for accuracy. As a person who spent over 2 years in Ghana and became pretty familiar with Adinkra symbols...I was disappointed with this 
Declining Significance of Race?. The book has a compelling argument, because many of us would like to think that racism is a thing of the past. It takes away the 
If you must read it, borrow it from the library. I just had a hard time reading understanding finishing this book. I did finally finish it because I wanted to 
Horrible Book. This is the worst finance book I have ever seen. For a book used for a MBA finance course it is not very helpful at all. If you 
Abridged. While it doesn t indicate it, this is a heavily abridged version of the story, and pretty much just deals with the elements contained in the 2002 film. It 
Too narrow minded. The author spoke only from her point of view, which was Midwestern and Christian. She devoted a huge section to church weddings, and a tiny section for 
Just dreadful!. As much fun as sitting in your accountant s office with your lap full of tax receipts. Of course, there are worse things in life, but please, remind 
Feeble Heart Rate Training. This book tries to do too much: it wants to be a heart rate training book AND a book about training for sporting events. The book 
Title should be Ross Jackson Rambles. I was so disappointed in this book that I put it aside for several years. Finally, this weekend, I picked it back up and 
Really stretching the truth; is wastepaper really our most significant export?. This issue with Dorgan s use of statistics was highlighted in a major newspaper this week and I feel 
Just not my cup of tea. I believe this book is strictly for scholars and Hindus. It is somewhat dry and unless you have an overwhelming interest in the subject 
