Excellent Stockpot. Bought this stockpot to replace a 1995 Faberware Millenium one.This stockpot is, by far, much better quality than FaberwareMillenium model was when new.I would buy more Swiss Diamond 
best thing ever. One cup of coffee at a time doesn t get better than this.Perfect for a household of coffee drinkers that wake up at different times  
Great Value Dessert wine glass. These aren t as nice as some of the specialty wine glasses, but for the money, these are the best port glasses on the market. 
Taylor wireless thermometer. This thermometer is convenient and easy to read. Having the indoor outdoor temperature info easily accessible in such a weather changing place as Denver, is great.  
mattress pad. I really love this mattress pad. It is easy to wash, dry and better yet, easy to put on. It stretches nicely and yet keeps in place. It 
Just perfect. I worked in a laundry and dry cleaners when I was in college so I knew the principle operating techniques of this item but it still takes practice, 
The name fits. This stuff is so awesome! I wound up with quite the large puppy. She was house broken but only if she had constant access to a yard. 
Fantastic Flannel sheets. These sheets are warm, soft, and ever so inviting. Garnet red just made for an even better Valentine s Day evening, even though it was 2 weeks 
GORGEOUS!!!. These are the same exact glassed that I received from Waterford. They must be getting them from the same manufacturer and placing their names on them.. but they are 
Kitchen Aid Mixer. I bought this mixer for my daughter for a wedding present. I own one myself and it s wonderful! It is able to mix a large amount 
Fun, but not terribly practical. First I d like to say that Lodge Logic is the greatest. No seasoning, could it get any better? This is a great little pan 
Great Purchase!. We have been using Riedel crystal wine glasses and still do on occasion with the handful that we have left , but I finally decided to buy Spiegelau 
I LOVE this knife. I have been using the Kyocera Black Ceramic Chef s Knife for years and someone got me this knife for Christmas and it is my new 
Love them!. These spoons are so nice. The strength is a nice change from all those wooded spoons I ve used over the years. The red color is perfect for 
Excellent knife. I purchased this for a gift for my daughter. She says that this knifeis the greatest.  
High Quality, Great Cleaver. Top rated by Cooks Illustrated. Great balance. Cuts easily through bones. My first practice ended up with some nice marks in my wooden chopping board. Will 
Excellent microwave. I m used to industrial microwaves the ones used in resturants & this one out performs those at allmost all tasks. The only place where it only matches 
Great alternative to non-stick. I was looking for a pan to cook eggs omlets in, but didn t want to get non-stick, or teflon or whatever. This pan was recommended 
Smaller Size is Perfect Fit. After reading some un-favorable reviews, I was a little hesitant to purchase this item. My need for knife protection, in a drawer that I wasn 
Very pleased... I was skeptical about spending so much money on a home coffee maker. But I figured it would be money well spent if it is well made and 
A useful addition to your kitchen knife collection. Excellent for slicing ripe tomatoes and thick-skinned fruit as well as dinner rolls, this is a great little knife to complement a 
Sometimes you just want one cup..... This one cup coffee maker is nice if you just want one cup of coffee. You must adjust the coffee to your particular taste. 
PLEASED. Received items in a timely manner. Could have purchased items locally but chose to do online instead. Thank you for the quick service....:  
Deep Dish Pan with Great Looks. With a fairly intensive effort on my part in the hint department, this was a Christmas present. It is one of those presents that 
Works well and fast. I have been using this instant read thermometer for the past couple of months and am impressed by the speed at which this tool registers the 
works fine for us. My partner and I bought this crockpot and the lid fits fine; we have not had any problems with anything leaking out. We ve used this 
Garlic Roaster. If you like garlic this is the quickest way to get warm fresh garlic to spread on french bread, crackers or what ever you desire.. Very fast. Just 
4-Piece Children s Flatware Set. This is a wonderful set of silverware -- the picture on each piece is not only cute, it appears to be dishwasher safe as well. 
Serves its Purpose. Maybe I got a different bread box than the other reviewers. I ve had mine for at least 3 or 4 years now. It s used a 
Cutting Board. I love it and it performs as advertised  
Doubted It!. Seriously I doubted this knife would live up to my expectations. I first got it and thought it maybe wasn t sharp enough. I ve never used ceramic 
Blackbird. The pillows came on time and were pretty much what I expected. They were a good value and I have to say I like shopping on Amazon  
This is a great idea !. Thought this was a great idea when I saw it. So I purchased it.  
Great for teens. We got 3 of them and gave them to my teenage daughters friends, and they loved them. Super gift for a teen girl  
Happy Customer. I am pleased with the product I purchased. It was purchased as a gift for my mother-in-law. She seems to be very pleased with it.The transaction was easy 
Lots of Room. This product has lots of room for our CD s & DVD s. It also looks nice. The shipping was fast. I originally thought it could use 
As described....awesome. I have had 4 different bread machines, all of them had the single paddle upright loaf style. I didn t mind the bread they turned out, but I 
Good value, and... ...be aware that it is not top of the line cookware. It s a little lighter which might be an advantage for some people. I bought several 
Nice product, taller molds are more useful overall. A serious foodie that has been perfecting her cooking skills for the last 25 years in her home kitchen writes this review. 
nice product. the lamp looks nice but it is smaller than what it appears in the picture  
Outta this world. Biggest damn spice rack I ve ever seen! No kidding, this thing is huge  
Love My Sheets!!. I was very pleased with my new sheets. They were exactly as advertised and are so soft. Don t need ironing either. You gotta love that!  
great blanket. The micro suede blanket is warm and light weight. It is not a bulky blanket. I really like it and if anything ever happens to this one I 
DualDaddy Great Purchase. Exactly what I expected. Good service by Amazon. Good price. Shipped quickly. And the fryer seems to be even better heats quicker, larger capacity than the old 
Vornado Vortex Heat. I just had to post after reading the reviews.I have had a Vornado Vortex Heater since 1994, I paid twice what this one costs and it has 
Satisfied. Just what we were looking for and a little more. We only wish that the potwas slightly larger. Our recipes that used to fit comfortably in our old cookernow 
Perfect for Pasta!. I love this container - I keep my linguini and spaghetti in it after I open the box and it keeps it fresh! The lid is held 
Excellent bacon press. This litle pig has it all. Right size. Well constructed. Fun to own and does the job right  
Translucent Pot Holder. Very satisfying purchase. The product is of high quality and has all the most functional features. It is comfortable and flexible and cool to the touch. I 
No Kitty Smell!. I love this thing! I hate the smell of the litter box. My teenage daughter has two cats, Princess and Abby. Abby is the skittish one, yet 
Eureka Quick-Up. These little vacuums are the greatest thing since sliced bread. For people like me who can no longer lift heavy things it is just ideal for doing my 
A few tips for effortless use!. After reading the other reviews, I almost reconsidered my purchase. However, the juicer works great - as long as you follow a few tips.1 
Nice Little Spoonrest. I was actually looking for a stoneware spoonrest, but liked the pattern and price of this one and decided to go for it!! I m glad I 
beautiful. the dishes by sango the novas and these are simply stunning, the pictures do not do them justice..they also will blend with many other dish patterns which is why 
Pleased. I especially like the size of these corn holders. They are easy to hold on to for small children and people that have difficulty holding objects in their hands. 
The best part of waking up is Italy in your cup!!. This coffee maker is exactly like the one our hostess used in a b&b in Rome. It is easy 
Good value for the dollar. The main thing about this product is it is good value for the dollar. The item is inexpensive and gets the job done with a 
Wonderful alternative to plastic containers!. I bought two sets 8 containers of these about 3 months ago, and I absolutely love them. The shallow dimensions make them equally ideal for 
Reliable and easy to use. I ve used a lot of different blenders over the years, and I ve never come across one with this low of a cost and 
Great product -- but this one had a defect!. Hi, bought the LightWedge as a holiday gift because i love mine. But the oneI purchased here, though it came hermetically 
Villa della Luna soup cereal bowls. Beautiful! The size of these bowls are so that they can also be used for serving bowls too. The colors are beautiful and the 
Best Lil Deep Fryer. I have waited a long time to buy one ... not sure why. I was going to go with a T-Fal product. Glad I didn t. 
N-ice cream spade!. works very well. handle is balanced and fits well in the hands. cuts right through ice cream. excellent product. worth the price for those frozen ice cream 
Great gate!. This is a low gate, so if your dog is large or a jumper, it may not be right for you. Otherwise this is a great product. It 
Great pan. I have an entire set of Swiss Diamond in addition to this pan. I bought Swiss Diamond because, due to weak wrists, I needed sturdy cookware that was 
A wonderful pan. This is the best saute pan I have ever used. It provides perfectly even heating and is very easy to clean  
Nice Design Powerful. - Tall design works well when blending deep drinks- Powerful motor chops ice quickly and evenly- Comes with KitchenAid carry-on pouchNot much else to say about a 
Mission Hutch. This is a beautiful matching piece to the desk. I searched and searched for a mission desk hutch unit and this is by far the best buy around. 
No Buttery slips!. This butter dish is great because of the little top knot. It s very easy to pick up the lid. Besides....it s cute  
A fantastically social meal!. When the focus of the meal is in the middle of the table, it makes for a wonderfully social evening. We first sampled raclette in France 
Decent grinder. This grinder has worked well enough for me. The biggest problem I have with it is that the plastic lid rattles loose while grinding--so you need to hold 
fiestaware bread tray. this bread tray is just the right size and the perfect finishing touch to a table set with fiestaware  
Most useful item in my kitchen. I have had this for almost 5 months and use this for almost everything. The chopping accessory is great for onions, tomatoes, etc. I 
I loved this product. We just got our Zojirushi Gourmet Duet Dual-Mug Personal Coffeemaker this weekend. We used Boca Java blended coffees and our well water we live in the 
great deal. I love this duvet. I knew ahead of time that the back side is regular cotton but that didnt dissuade me. It is very soft and plush and 
little but mighty. This Mini Prep Plus is perfect for the small jobs you do while cooking a meal and takes less time  
Great for wheatgrass. I just bought the omega 8005. I am very impressed with this unit. I have been juicing the last 13 years and this is the fourth juicer 
I Love It!. I had bought my first Fiestaware Cereal Bown sight unseen from Amazon.com, and I absolutely love the rich, cinnamon color of Cinnabar!The Cereal Bowl comes in handy 
Presto Popper. This is one of the best units I have ever used. The care of the powercups is a bit tricky but just let cool and wipe with a 
Thanks for the bulbs!. Since these Might Bright Replacement Bulbs are very difficult to find in the stores now, I was so glad to have found them here. Now I 
GIFT. This was purchased as a wedding gift. I have an older Kitchen Aid Stand Mixer and have been very pleased with it.The box WAS damaged when the mixer was 
Great look, reasonable price. I purchased 2 sets of these glasses in December 2006. They look great, have a nice heavy feel to them, are of obvious good quality. I 
THIS IS THE BEST THING EBEAR!!!. I made lattes the beary first day I got this and LOVED it. I think I ordered one as a gift for my friend 
A good knife, but not a great one. This was a difficult knife to rate, because on the one hand it is a very nice knife, and on the other, 
rejuvinated our cat!. This product worked great for our 17 year old cat. Due to his increasing arthritis, we were concerned that we were going to have to put him 
Great Collar. This collar works out great. It performs just as the Amazon description shows. It is unintrusive and snaps off when certain force is exerted. It s fun, too, 
Not too Shabby. It is thicker than other bed pads, but not as thick as I expected. Quite cushy and comfortable to sleep on. Easy to put on the bed. 
KitchenAid Pro 600 is a must have if you bake alot... ... Very powerful with heavy mixes and still remains quiet and undisturbing to the rest of the house even 
Good product. We have been using this poacher in my restaurant for the last six weeks. It is easy to use and seems to be standing up well to commercial 
my new coffee maker. I had a problem intially with the purchase of this coffeemaker, but withgood listeners at Etronics, I was able to get excellant service. [...].As far as 
Simple, cheap and FUN!. Both of my cats really love this and my wallet adores it because it s cheap as well as being on the fairly durable side as 
A fantastic product. The pepper ans salt grinders are fabulous. Don t understand why it gets so many bad reviews! It works great, gives out as much crushed pepper as 
Open sesame. This product is great. I was so tired of using other types of can openers, and I ve tried them all. With the electric ones the cans would 
corning ware creations ramekin. like the color. bakes well. good size. freezes well  
like it. I like it. The shaped tongs help in gripping heavier things, as opposed to a smooth tong end. It was worth the purchase  
Cute Cat Toy. This is one of the only cat toys my cats will actually play with. Often, they seem to prefer cat toys which you wouldn t think of 
Big, bold and beautiful!. When these mugs arrived, I was surprised to see how gorgeous they are. The color cobalt , the glaze, the shape, the weight, the generous handle 
AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME. The money tree arrived today on time. It was a gift to me : I opened the box and couldn t believe how perfect this tree 
Everyone wants one of these. We have this rack in our RV and everyone who sees it, wants to know where they can get one. It holds quite a few 
Floor Mate. As the other reviewer said, necessary to run your FloorMate. Check out Lowe s...1 2 the price  
Nice Timer. I use this timer more than my OXO twist-n-ring type of timer. The keypad makes it very easy to set. The timer beep is plenty loud and continues 
Lovely!!. If u like frothy coffee and hate washing ur coffee machine or dont intend to buy one now..this thing definiltey makes up...its almost like a motorised superfast whisk and 
Black spoon rest. Very nice product and resonable. Any negative very small , would be the steepness of the angle not flat . Very nice however  
Excellent. This is a great pillow for cervical support and stretching. It s cotton and washable and worth the price  
Best Foil Cutter Ever!. We ve been using ours for about five years now, and it s the best foil cutter requires only one quarter of a turn to do 
Handles are delicate. This is a great slow cooker but the handles on the insert are delicate - one broke almost immediately  
Yeah, it s NOT a slipcover... which is why the title says THROW. It s the thing you buy to put on new furniture so when company comes, you can 
wonderful for your dog!. I have a basset hound. More importantly, a DEMANDING basset hound that constantly tries forcing me to not walk, but RUN with him, whenever we go 
Rather nice glasses. These are very functional and versatile glasses. I use them quite often  
LOVE IT LOVE IT!. EXCELLANT PRODUCT THAT I PURCHASED ON LINE.I REALLY LOVE IT. IT MATCHES SO GOOD IN MY NEW KITCHEN AND I AM SO PROUD OF THE LOOK.I 
Dog groomer effective at removing undercoat. Until we bought this tool, we never had an effective comb that would remove our dogs undercoat. It has helped to reduce the amount 
A Great Product. The fry pan is easy to use and clean, the skillet part is easy to remove when heated, and also stores well in the provided tray holder. 
Sharper Image Soa; Genie Automatic Soap & Lotion Dispenser. Extremely convenient, practical, and yet, pleasant to view  
Good Product. Speedy delivery and good product. I like that the bar slides out to better fit any size sink  
Cow Tea Kettle. The whistle of this tea kettle brings the herd to the kitchen in a hurry - The delightful design brightens up the kitchen, great capacity and pours 
T-Fal Fryer. I recommend this fryer. I have had other fryers in the past and highly recommend this one. Easy to use and extremely easy to clean as well as 
Excellent Pillow for people with neck or shoulder pain. We bought this pillow for our daughter who was experiencing neck and shoulder pain in the mornings. After just a day 
Great Oven Mitts. Excellant protection and grip, will not burn, wipes off easily, stores more easily than reqular oven mitts. Wish I d found these years ago  
OK the second time around. The first vacuum shipped to us arrived damaged, but it was replaced quickly. This vacuum has a lot of useful features without being too heavy. 
Pretty and functional. These are gorgeous bowls. They are my preferred bowl for baking and cooking. I am very satisfied with them - no discoloration problems and they clean up 
Miele s the bomb!. Okay, so it s hard to get excited about things like HEPA filters - or the vacuum cleaners and other devices they are used in. When 
My kitchen workhorse -- expensive but so worth it!!!. This is by far the most-used item in my kitchen. Think about it: If you could increase your cooking surface area 
OK for large pots, but.... .... this is a great coffee maker if you make 8 or more cups at a time. When this machine arrived from Amazon, I had 
Great buy. Works fine for most applications. Only issue I have so far 3 months is that the whisk doesn t fit the bowl shape well enough to whip small 
Cat Grass. I have five cats and 2 Drinkwell water systems. When I saw this new Drinkwell Aqua Garden I was excited. Now my cats can eat grass whenever they 
pleased. I am very pleased with the Chemire Dinnerware Set. It is very durable and the colors are great. The dishes are larger than I had expected. They are a 
Love that Thumper. This will be the third Thumper I ve bought. Lost the first one on a trip, second is still going strong after 5 or 6 years and 
Rival Crock Pot. I love this crock pot!! I ve made several recipes from the enclosed cook book - they came out great. The best part is that the ceramic 
Not bad for the price. [We have not assembled this yet but DID get and assemble an identical one in oak. The same comments apply to both.]This coat rack is 
Very clean presentation. This server blends in well with any level of service. A good size for rich sauces; but a little small for gravy lovers. Bormioli always gives more 
Very useful...........daily. I find that I use these almost daily. They basically have become my new prep bowls.........for small amounts. Nice quality, easy stacking, even great color. Will probably buy 
Beautiful and elegant but handle with care. I love these glasses for white wine, and they set off iced tea perfectly. The down side is that you have to hand-wash 
Vornado Filters. Great performance and quick delivery. Sometimes can t be found in stores, this solves my shopping delema  
no more doggy fueds with neighbor. i absolutely love this product. my neighbor has four little yippers and my shepard chow mix was antogonized by the yipping on our side 
Love It. This pan is the best! Nice heavy weight, great size. Can grill 2large or 3 medium sandwiches at the same time !  
Everybody can use a little Le Creuset. I purchased this little pot as a gift for a friend.Something to hold all the kitchen utencils that we all use each day. 
momster. It really cools the wine fast and looks nice. Great gift to take to a dinner party. Not good for keeping things cold for long 1 hours , so 
Great for the money. I highly reccommend this and for the money...it is a real find. Good HEPA cleaner with mutiple settings, from quiet to high power, easy to read 
THIS IS THE ONE. THIS KNIFE IS GREAT, FINE BALANCE, HEAVEY ENOUGH THAT YOU DON T HAVE TO FORCE IT, VERY SHARP SEAMS TO KEEP EDGE GOOD, HANDLE FITS HAND 
Great value for money. I own many all-clad pans, but still found this pan an excellentvalue for money. The build quality is excellent. Another reviewermentioned that he received a worn-out 
excellent. My cat loves to play with this toy and so do I. It comes with catnip which adds some energy to my cat but as a human I have 
Great item. Beautiful, exactly what the bride wanted. Nice packaging, items arrived in perfect condition  
Rachels Knives Are The Best. Wow, what a Christams gift for my wife! She watches Rachel Ray, buys her cookbooks and makes her quick and wonderful dishes. And, I must 
Worth The Price!!. This is the coolest thing I ve ever bought for under 20. You have to be sure it s sitting on a flat surface or the chocolate 
so far so good. PEACE AT LAST!!!!! We have only had this for 4 days, but we are very happy. I ordered this because of RUDE neighbors who leave there 
Looks The Same As the Kitchen Kettle I Bought for X-Mas. Not sure if the kettle on this is bigger than Presto s other gem the Kitchen Kettle, but if 
Premium toast. Tried 3 other toasters in 6 months. Uneven toasting, broken knobs, you name it. This little gem is great at making even toast and also a fine bagel. 
A Great Machine. After getting poor results from a steam driven Krups I decided to give home espresso brewing another try with a pump driven machine. After many days of 
as good as the full-size steamer. I compared this travel model with the full-size J-2000 steamer. They were both very good at removing wrinkles from business-type clothing. We steamed a 
So glad we bought this fence. I had my doubts that this fence would work for us.we have 2 large rotties and I didnt think it would contain them.The collars 
Good Coffee. This is not the first french press I have purchased. I like that it is unbreakable. I just wish it were a little bigger  
better than the garbage. i bought one of these for my apartment, and it s quite an investment considering the constant cost of refills. it does contain the odor better 
Love It ! ! ! ! !. I just love the Euro-Pro Shark. I have a dog and it is great for picking up loose dog hair and little crumbles 
Beautiful. They are bigger than what I d consider ice cream bowls- but thats perfect for me. They came in perfect condition and are absolutely lovely  
Great, but... I needed a saucepan to cook oatmeal in that would let go on the bits that stick to the bottom. Sounds silly, but I love oatmeal and hate 
Does the job better than some others. My last Back to Basics blender lasted only about 6 months, but I bought another one anyways. I like the size of the 
BIG. This seems to be a great unit. So far it cleans well without chipping, which was my biggest concern when ordering. One small problem is that there is a 
Hamilton Beach Indoor Grill with Removable Grill & Timer. This was an excellent purchase. The grids are removable and go right in the dishwasher without any impact to the non-stick 
forget the cork. I understand that the cork product itself effects the wine taste, however, replacing it with these items for just a few days does no harm. They are 
Best knives. I have owned several sets of &quot;never need sharpening knives&quot; and other varieties, but this is absolutely the best set of knives I have ever owned. They slice 
A high-quality, multi-purpose pan. This pan is a high-quality, convenient addition to my kitchen, which is precisely why I bought it. The interchangable bottoms are easy to use and easy 
Now I can load my dehydrater with more stuff each time I use it. I couldn t find these trays anywhere locally and I was very pleased to find them 
A lot of beautifull collors!. I just love the design and I supose that everybody must find one collor they like`.It`s a lot of them  
Time to clean up the house. Before I bought a Dirt Devil, I owned a vacuum that worked great for over 5 years. In January I broke that vacuum on 
T-Fal Avante Toaster. We have one of these in each of our 19 kitchens and we like them very much  
Designed to be a vacuum you don t have to fight with. The light weight, compact design makes the Miele vacuum cleaner highly maneuverable. It can be easily picked up 
Everything they say. These are great. The color and the cost. My family thinks they make the room look so modern. They don t look cheap but they are light 
Wonderful wine glasses!. I highly recommend the Spiegelau Authentis line for value and beauty. These glasses truly do enhance the experience of the wine and are priced so that you 
So Far So Good as Bedroom Pop Cooler. I read all the reviews for this fridge and other like it. This one seemed the best out of all the ones 
Great cookie sheets. I have lived in Europe recently and was unable to use my jelly roll pans and cookie sheets because of the standard size of the ovens there. 
A Superior Set. This is hands down the best set of knives I have ever owned. This is my second set of Henckel Knives, the first having walked out of 
Cooks everything perfectly!. After being disappointed with GE and Black and Decker toaster ovens, I spent a little more and got this Cuisinart. It is the best toaster oven hands 
Great cookware. I am a senior who grew up with much heavier cast iron. I had to give it up because of its weight. These are still very good cookware 
No Buttery slips!. This butter dish is great because of the little top knot. It s very easy to pick up the lid. Besides....it s cute  
Best Book Lights We ve Tried!. First, in the interest of full disclosure, I am writing this review under my husband s real name because it s his account.My husband 
Built like a tank. The huge motor gives this machine an ability to almost grind rocks! The grind setting knob is huge and easy to read. The coffee bin seems 
Simple and Excellent coffee. I have tried many different coffee makers and being a coffee junkie I keep looking for the combination of simplicity, cost and excellent coffee - this 
Nice kids pillow. My son loves it very nice. It is a nice gift for ages below 5. It got a good shape, nice grip to hold  
It DOES work!. At first I wasn t sure if it was working but when the water evaporates I notice the cat smells again. You don t even realize it 
Good Decanter for the price. This is an excellent decanter - the shape allows for easy handling and it is an excellent value. I have two and would recommend this 
Disney Cars pillow. I sent as a gift & was told the baby loves the soft pillow  
Coffee Maker that Rocks!. After much research and consideration I decided to buy this product as a Christmas gift for my husband. I am not the type of person to 
The Best Grill On The Market. The grill is so capable that I sold our gas grill at a garage sale! I purchased 2 of these for myself in blue, 
The Best Popcorn!. This is the best popcorn popper ever! It s easy, really fast and fun. Every kernel pops up light and fluffy. We used the pre-measured movie theater 
Quality Shears. These shears have no problem cutting through chicken bones. I have not had the problems other buyers have with the safety catch. I highly recommend these shears at 
Great for the home. Professional like sharpening in the home at a good price. I love this sharpener and trust it s performance on good knives. The magnetic guides make 
getting salty in my kitchen. Product just as promised - looks great - works wonderful -- a very happy purchase from my en  
First Allergy Pillows, but... These are really nice- they don t make noise, they don t feel or sound like plastic, and my husband has been commenting on his good 
Solid, good rugged design. I have got to say I m pretty impressed with this bag. I have a 10 Lodge camp oven and was worried about the legs punching 
very nice. It is a very good piece for this price. I got one minor defect in one of the chairs, will try to contact the customer service but am 
So Useful I Bought Two Sets. After two plus decades, I finally decided to replace my wood utensils. Though they had served me well, they were no cracked and splintering.I 
gin from Texas. This is a great coffee pot. I have been searching for the best cup of coffee and this works for that. It is really nice and I 
Love it!. After years of laying clothes out to dry on couches, the floor, and on hangers that warped the shape of clothes, I finally did a little research of 
Red Fattie. Very pleased with the new toaster so far; wish it wasn t so fat on my counter, but it is eye-pleasing, light weight and fairly quiet; the only 
Very nice and comfy sheets. My partner and I both really like these sheets. They are thick, soft, smooth, and cozy  
Wonderful set, but cup handles not large enough... I ordered two sets, one in green and one is white, because I like the mixed and matched look. The cups are 
Little Small. I have a hard time giving this three stars because it deserves more since I just have no concept of how much an ounce is : . I 
design vs. function. This style of this slow cooker is its attraction. However, after only three months s usage and I use it at least once a week , it 
Mikasa Parchment. In reading the review, I was surprised to see the comments about packaging and breakage. I have been using Amazon for years, probably on a monthly basis. I 
Sonic Electric Jewelry Cleaner Machine. I bought this as a gift for my mom and she said she loved it! She said all her jewelry is clean and sparkley again.It 
Best slow cooker!. I love this item! I used it a couple of times already and the chicken was the best that I ever had! I couldn t believe that 
Perfect addition to the Milano Chair. This was a perfect addition to the Milano chair. It s well built and sturdy enough to use as an extra seat should the 
Perfectly elegant. The size of this elegant little sugar bowl is just right. Unlike an earlier reviewer, I found the spoon to be quite adequate and very nicely shaped... but 
Peace at last!. I had so many barking dogs that I was feeling like shooting them. My rental business was suffering and the neighbors were enjoying their dog s disruption 
Ultimate Cool!. It looks beautiful and it has a toaster built in! This little microwave gets more attention than any of my brand new stainless appliances in my recently remodeled 
Nesco American Harvest Jerky Spice Original Flavor. This is the best jerky spice on the market as far as my family is concerned. When our store quit carrying it, we 
AWESOME OPENER !!!. You will not be disappointed with this purchase. It s so easy to use...set it in place on top of the can and hold it comfortably with 
Good overall unit. Good things:Dry and wet pick upLightBad things:Does not have a charging station.Average suctio  
CDN Proaccurate Digital Programmable Probe Thermometer. After much research into these devices, I decided to purchase the CDN brand for my husband as a gift. I chose this brand since 
Fast and convenient cooking. I bought this grill to make lefse but so far I have only used it for tortillas and pancakes. It works wonderfully and cooks 4 -5 
Good enough for the time being!. I am the worlds biggest procrastinator when it comes to putting together furniture! I bought this piece, along with the desk, in January and 
very good. It works well, probably better than the other solutions available, but there are some disadvantages: there are 2 LEDs that illuminate the page, and illumination is not perfectly 
great skillet. i really like the electric skillet, it is the first one, i have bought. it is big enough to fry a chicken cut in half,both halves at once, 
Excellent Machine. We ve been using it now for about four months with out a problem. It works well on breads, meats and cheese. Contrary to the previous comment the 
Good pillows. These pillows are still new, so the jury is out on how well they ll hold up over time, but so far, they do provide decent support and 
GOOD VALUE. I ordered the white seashell pottery dinnerware and am very satisfied. I had years of multi-colored dinnerware and decided I wanted something simple yet attractive and my husband 
LOVE this. I bought the Litter Locker Plus as we had 6 ferrets and wanted to dispose of their litter in a way where it would not smell as with 
Heavy duty. Solid and very sharp. This pizza wheel from KitchenAid is a very solid product. Its hefty weight is balanced nicely and comes razor sharp from the factory. The 
Tuffy Says, First Choice From My Toy Basket . Our Bichon chooses almost daily from his toy basket the toys he wants to play with. The minute he saw this 
Lip comes in very handy. This is a wonderfully crafted, stylish - with simple lines - lazy susan. I use it mainly for condiments and spices besides the stove, but 
This is IT!. My mother had one of these saucepans and used it daily as far back as I can remember for everything from boiling potatoes to making gravy. When 
Nice but too low. I have never owned a memory foam pillow before so I don t know if it s a regular sizes for all of them. But I 
Dking. I love this blanket, it is just long enough, and soooo soft. I love it, we have had a cold winter and it has came in handy. Buy it. 
The Best Oven Mitts by Far!. These are the best oven mitts EVER! You know you hold on to a cookie sheet too long and you can start to feel 
Kitchen Helper. I really like this tool rack. It s sturdy and simple to attach to the wall. The metal hooks slide so you can adjust them to fit the 
Great Value. Color was very close to that of the picture and worked perfectly. Unit is slightly oversized but has not been washed yet. Soft seems to be durable. Terrific 
Its a cool gadget to have. It worked just as i expected. I like it and its very useful everytime i travel or read late at night, which i often 
Excellent Condition. Pleased. Item brand new and shipped in a timely manner. I do wish it was bigger. Grand Pappy through me off, thought it would be bigger than it 
Love It. This is just what I was looking for. It works beautiful. I would buy another, if I needed it.  
So far it s working well. I ve only had the product for a short time but it s definitely making a noticeable change on the edge of my Global 
roliing pin rings. very useful in the kithchen makes pie & pizza crusta in a jify without the worry of them being uneven, dont know how i did without the 
Buying Towels Online. This is the second or third time I have purchased linens on line from Amazon. When I receive the merchandise it is always as expected. Although I 
iRobot Roomba 4910 Replacement Filters......... My roomba is still going strong since I recieved it as a christmas gift. I strongly recommend getting the Replacement filters and changing them as 
Easy, Fun, Delish !!. The smell of the roasting coffee is just the beginning of the great experience with this roaster. Easy to use and a snap to clean. I 
NOT BAD. Great size towel however I wish they could have been a little thicke  
Heavy, beautifully made, did I mention HEAVY?. All Le Creuset is beautiful--you can hang them on your pot rack & just ogle them, altho they are also great to use! 
Black latter bookshelve. I have been looking for a ladder bookshelve for over a year and couldn t find any in person at a store that didn t look bulky 
Who Doesn t Love KitchenAid?!. First, I love KitchenAid--what a quality product! Second, I love the color yellow of this blender and the easy clean-up. There are no crevices for 
Better than I had expected. This is better than what I had expected. Shelves are sturdier than what I thought they would be  
A little extra effort, but well worth it. I have to start by saying I got a great deal on this machine. I already wanted one and the Bodum store 
WMF Coffee Press. AAA This press lives up to it s marketing description. My only concern is how to replace the glass insert. I tried a generic replacement, and although 
Popsicle Molds. I purchased this Ice Pop Maker Popsicle Mold for my five and seven year old great-grandchildren. I love the molds for the convenience. They love the popsicles. And, 
Good, basic coffeemaker. For those who want just a simple coffeemaker that makes a decent cup of coffee, this is a hard product to pass by. The water filtration device 
So far, so good. We ve had the super toasty for about one month. Very good for our needs. Toasts very well, evenly and quickly. Perfect small size for our 
Great product - love it. I got mine for Christmas in 2004 older model and I love it. I have only used it to make 1 mug, so I m 
Best vacuum ever!. This is a wonderful little machine - extremely lightweight and easy to maneuver but with AMAZING suction power! It also has a feature to quickly and easily 
Very good for knives. This holder for 12 knives does exactly what I want it to do. Safely transport very sharp knives back and forth to my church culinary chores 
The Perfect Filter for my Honeywell QuietCare Humidifier. This is a genuine Honeywell filter designed to be used with the 11 gallon Honeywell QuietCare Humidifier Model HCM-6013i . It s 
Great replacement but be careful of the size. When I received it, it was half the size of my press! Their 4 cup is actually 2 mugs. If your press 
Great cooker, must have for life. I live very close to my office and cook every day. This guy helps me to quickly finish tough work with delicious taste. Before 
Excellent Grill Frying Pan. This frying pan allows you to grill almost like on a barbecue and with little oil or butter. Cleanup is easy if you soak pan first 
Amazon hostess starter set. The starter set was great but the service from Amazon was even better. they handled the lost set with speed and great customer car  
great value so far. I have only used these knives once so far, so I cannot speak to their durability, but I am impressed. Some people may prefer some forged 
Powerful & QUIET!. I purchased this pump because it needs to be able to supply a lot of air through about 6ft. of tubing, the first 4ft of that being 
Cuisinart nylong fork - red. excellent product - red nylon forks are hard to find, this is exactly what I wanted, it matches my other utensils and it s wonderful 
This is my second one. Received the first one as a gift. When the handle broke I went looking for an identical skillet. My favorite of about 5 different electric 
Kitchen Staple. I have had this Multi-Cooker for years, and I still love it. I started out using it to steam clams and crab legs. Then I went on to 
I love my toaster.. It s fast, simple, easy to use, and makes great egg sandwiches for breakfast. What more needs to be said  
Does The Job, for the size. I just received my oven today, one day after ordering, and used it to cook a dish for dinner. It did a fine job 
great shears I ve ever owned!. They are really very sharp compared to the last shears I ve owned. The color matches my kitchen motif and I can take them 
Vornado 285 model. I purchased the vornado adjustable height variable speed model 285 from the vornado website for 80 . I like the fan .It does circulate the air when 
Great spice rack!!!. After reading such great reviews, I decided to purchase this spice rack and I have not been disappointed. It is very attractive, sleek and modern. I also 
best deal on amazon. simply awesome. its better than the top of the line, which I have too. this was the mixer buy of a lifetime because of the free 
Pizza Blade. Very nice product to use for pizza, but I m going to use mine to transfer wedding size cake pans from the oven to the cooling racks on 
Fabulous. I really enjoy using these tidbit trays. They are great when you just want to have one item on your tray. They even work really well eating a bowl 
Great humidifier- read directions. I have purchased my fair share of humidifiers and this is, by far, the best yet! Other reviewers have mentioned the filter indicator is always on, 
3-piece child set. I got this set for my grandson for Thanksgiving dinner because he loves to use the type of silverware that grownups use. He loved it. He s 
High Quality Stainless Steel & Copper Pans. Revere Copper Clad Bottom, 10 pc Set, Stainless Steelis of the highest quality at an exceptional price...  
Great use for our son s room. We purchased this heater back in October for our now 8 month old son s room to help take the chill off the 
You can t screw up coffee with this one... I received this as a gift from my sister. First off, you must know that both my sister and I are 
good lamp, a little heavy. I ve been using the lamp most nights for the past two weeks. The light is very good & covers both pages if one positiions 
Had1, ordered 5 more. My Mom and Dad gave me an AL DENTE PASTA MACHINE for Christmas several years ago. My 5 adult kids just love the noodles it makes 
8 chef works well. Since I was planning to spend a few days in a commercial kitchen, and my 6 Henckels knives are both embarrassingly small for serious work and 
Very pretty crystal glasses. The pictures don t do justice to these glasses. They are really very pretty, made in Germany, and etched crystal. There are three separate etchings on 
BUY THIS ONE! Powerful and Deluxe.Best price on Amazon. The Dirt Devil 083414 Extreme Power Stick cordless Vacuum really performs! I did 1200 square feet and it was still going 
Great Popper. I think the Stir Crazy popper is great. The only reason I didn t give the item 5 stars is that the base cannot be washed in the 
great product!. I was surprised by what poor reviews most of the crock pots received on amazon.com, but I decided to buy this little one when I saw it at 
professional saladshooter. Great product, easy to clean. We purchased this mainly for grating cheese, much cheaper to buy a block of cheese also many more varieties to choose from. will 
Love this appliance!. Nice space saving design. Toaster toasts BETTER than any regular toaster I have owned recently. Looks smart, too.  
Best One Out There. I can t say I ve literally tried or tested every counter-top buffet range there is, but this one s construction is clearly superior to all 
Beautiful. We purchased the stainless steel version of this flatware when we got married 16 years ago. It has held up so well, that I just purchased ten more place 
Very Happy With Purchase. These mortar and pestles are used mainly for crushing perscription medicines. They work very well for this purpose and are great for traveling, since they are 
Good price. I priced the exact same item at our local big box pet store, and saved about 25 ordering online including shipping  
Excellent light weight pitcher. This pitcher is the perfect size for entertaining. It makes a lovely appearance and is light weight. I had one in crystal and this is much 
A Pleasant Surprise. First tea infuser I ve used that is the correct depth and width. In an age with so many ill-designed, poorly made, and cheap items on the 
As Advertised. We purchased this item mainly as a copper accent for the kitchen, but have come to find it quite handy as well as decorative. The size was just 
It s a Cast Iron Grille Pan. Well, it s a cast iron grille pan. What else can I say about it?Like all cast iron pans, it s quite heavy, 
Grandma had one... ...and now, so do I. It s fun for making milkshakes quickly and does blend quite evenly if you manually do the up n down with the 
Handy-dandy tote. Holds Champagne bottles too. Stores flat. Nice workmanship. Great for trips. XLT value  
Great design, beautifully uniform scoops. After too many bent spoons to count, we broke down and bought this scoop. Its engineering has exceeded my expectations on a couple of fronts:First, 
Functional and stylish canister. This is my fourth purchase of this canister. They look great and do everything that a canister should do  
my wedding. I just wanted to tell anyone who is thinking of getting this item that it is worth the money. I was married august of 2000 and this toper 
You Get What You Pay For!. After spending a week reading reviews and looking at toasters. I decided on the KithcenAid KMTT400SS. The reasons for my decision;1 Top brand name. 
Good space heater. The heater is quite good. My only complaint is that there is no real temperature control. It has an ON-OFF control. Whenever it is ON, it blasts 
The Best Yogurt Starter!. I had purchased the Euro Cuisine Yogurt Maker about a year ago, then just recently noticed that Euro Cuisine came out with their own brand of 
My first real dishes. For my 2nd apartment I decided to get real dishes instead of the hodge-podge I had from dorms and thrift stores. I could not be happier 
Great for diet shakes. I bought two Blend-N-Go cups so my husband and I could make smoothies, and they worked great the one time we did it. Then we gave 
Very pleased. I love this pattern and this butter dish is no exception. It washes very easily in the dishwasher and is a nice addition to my growing collection of 
Better than Prescription. My golden retriever has had ear infections since she was 8 weeks old. Over the years we have tried allergy shots, dietary changes, and prescription ointments - 
Henckels vs. Wusthof. I m sure by now, you re confused by which brand you should choose... is it the Henckels or the Wusthof Santoku? If that isn t your 
Fast, User Friendly. Works just fine for my needs ... I use it to press my wrinkle-free Dockers. The water container for the steam is a bit awkward to fill 
Fully taste the great wine you paid for. If you re going to spend money on good wine, don t put it in cheap glassware - you ll be throwing 
Excellent choice!. I would recommend this knife set to anyone...the quality is great, the look is great, and these things are very sharp. Nothing bad to say about them  
Great for a gift and pets. I saw these in stores last year and added to my cart last week with the free giveaway. I have to say this has 
Great Invention. It does leave the egg a little soggy but all you have to do is drain the water off before putting on your sandwich. The only other problem 
Love this unit. This lives up to it s great reviews. It is beautiful and works fantastically and matches very nicely with my decor. Highly recommended. It will scratch easily 
Nice mop pads. I purchased these to use with my Steamfast mop. They are machine washable and fit fine even after being thrown in the dryer. Perhaps the Steamfast head 
Anti-bark dog collar. This is a great product. We have a toy beagle who barks in the car at people, kids, bikes, dogs and pretty much anything. We use the 
SO PLEASED. I came looking for another set. They are heavy but elegant. The best part is the design of the bottom. Water drains cleanly from the glasses and they 
great filters. The filters are replacement parts for those that came with the deep fryer when newly purchased. They work as advertised  
Great pet gate!. Received the gates on time- easy to put together, decorative- only 12 high- lovely accent- exactly what I needed  
Awesome Coffee Maker. This thing is great... I ve had it for about a year and no problems. Refurbished products are worth it I got this one for half price 
Furi Rachel Ray Knife Set. These knives are well balanced and very sharp. Slicing through celery, onion, peppers is a breeze. I have arthirtis and many knives are difficult to 
Small but powerful. We have been using this heater for over a month now, it is a powerful little heater. I wanted to get a ceramic heater because I read 
Fantastic!. Having grown up with an old-school pressure cooker tic-tic-tic , I was a little reluctant to make the switch to this new-fangled gadget. However, I was hooked after the 
Great bowls. These bowls have been in my home for a few years now. We have used them for cereal in the morning for warming up food in the microwave. 
A Seller. Item arrived just as described. No problems at all. Very nice transaction  
I ve used better but this is good. For the price, this is good for spot cleaning crumbs and small areas. Obviously, it cannot replace a vacuum. It does come 
Excellent Product!. I am sure GLAD that I purchased one of these....it really comes in handy for alot of various cooking chores.... I especially enjoy Roasting Chickens with it  
Works fine 7 fins total not 9 but I am satisfied with it. OK, first of all I am very satisfied with the TRR0715. It is silent and heats the 
Perhaps the Best Decision I have made. I researched and researched semi-automatic and automatic machines until I was so thoroughly confused that I had no idea which way to go. 
Pretty Good for the Price. I m pretty happy with this product, though I ve only had it for 2 weeks so I cannot comment on the longevity. It was 
Fagor Splendid 6-Quart Pressure Cooker. Recieved in great conditon. Have enjoyed using it for soups  
A GODSEND FOR A HOUSEHOLD ENGINEER... Okay, so I researched products and prices for the last six weeks, searching for what I eventually discovered was THIS little beauty! I have 
O.K. Product shipped in timely fashion. I knew what the product would be and am happy with it  
Amazing cookware. I received a few all clad products the paella pan, sauce pan, and a fry pan for graduation and they are excellent. Despite not being teflon, food doesn 
Works great. Yes, like the other reviewers say, it works just as you d want it to work. I do have a few nits to pick and hence the four 
Great Pillows for Kids. Loved this pillow. it is a lot of fun  
Awesome!. I bought this for work so I could eat non-microwaved food for once. It works as intended and very handy. I might buy one for home.  
THE BEST!. i ve used it for a year now and i cannot buy a cappuccino at starbucks or any other mediocre place now. The espresso in my home is 
Good product. My husband loved European coffee and this has allowed him to brew very fresh European style coffee. The larger press is used when he is at home, and 
Excellent cookware. Prior to receiving this saucier pan for Christmas, I had only associated KitchenAid with appliances. I am highly impressed with the quality of this cookware. The saucier is 
Doesn t fit perfectly in 18150, but works. The filter model I have, 18150, requires two of these with no foam spacers. Two of these were less expesnive than the 
excellent knife for home cooks with small medium hands. I received this knife recently as a wedding gift and I have been very pleased with its performance.Note, however, that while 
light duty, but gets the job done. I bought this stockpot because I d started making my own soup at home. I was hoping to get a pot that was 
Excellent constuction. I ve bought several similar to this design but none compare to this one.Extemely pleased with this purchase and the price  
Strong magnet!. This is an excellent storage bar and compares to the more expensive ones we have. We have put knives and stainless steel utensils on it and it holds 
great deal microwave for reasonable price. I bought this microwave after returning a brand new, more expensive microwave that didn t work the minute I was trying to use it. 
Great Product. This product worked as well as expected and the vendor was easy to deal with. The product shipped on time  
No more leaks!. My last two shipments have come with a plastic sheet lining the bottom of the cartridge, which totally prevents any leaks at all. Before, the bottom of 
It s hard being green. Although the dishes are not as green as I anticipated, they are lovely. I ordered a natural set for a mix & match look from 
Very Good. I was very pleased with how quickly I received the stroller. It was package well. It took a couple of minutes to assemble and it was ready to 
All that I expected and more at the great price. Great little gadget for heating water. I don t have to monitor it since it has an auto off. The 
THE CUTEST AND BEST PILLOW. This is a great gift because there fun,cute,and usefull so when you come home from a bad day at school or work there alaways there.To 
Solid Performance; Excellent Value. This is a terrific machine. Amazon s price beat everyone, especially with their 20 promotional discount, no sales tax and no shipping charges. The oversized feed 
Fantastic Feel at a Fantastic Price!. I received a set of these for Christmas I d asked for thick white towels and was very pleased with their thickness, absorbability and 
Wonderful gadget for the coffee buff. Warning! Roasting coffee produces smoke! Definitely read up on the process thoroughly before buying. The first batch I made with this machine I over 
Great Quality, Great Size!. My wife and I have long been fans of Fiestaware and we have been using many of their pieces for years. Somehow it wasn t until 
Uniquely Useful Little Crockpot -- consider its possibilities!. This is a lovely little crockpot whose small size makes it uniquely useful for a number of purposes. I ve owned larger 
The BEST Cervical roll-- for me, at least. As a physical therapist who suffers from neck pain, this is the ONLY pillow that I can use without waking up to 
Great, durable dinnerware!. I have a thing for red dinnerware and have owned many different styles brands, including Emerilware, Waechtersbach Fun Factory and Emile Henry Couleurs. The Emile Henry doesn 
Best Wedding Present. My husband and I recieved this as a wedding shower gift. We use it all the time. It is a great thing to have for entertaining - 
Does what it should. No complaints from us, we love this crock. Sometimes the butter slides out, but not a product issue or a big deal. It has happened with 
The best cat collar ever. It s thin, it s adjustable, and it s great. My cats love the collar! It s thin and doesn t leave a matted ring 
Good but expensive. Apparently 3rd in the hierarchy of 4 models in the new S5 series of Miele vacuum cleaners, the features, price, and accessories are not exactly linear in 
Great juicer. After plenty of research on the internet, I decided to go with the Omega 8005. I ve used it almost every single day, especially throughout mt pregnancy, to 
dirt devil vision self propelled. The dirt devil vision self propelled is the best vacuum in the world for carpets not bare floors it does a loisy job on bare 
Best price from AMAZON. BEAUTIFUL set!! I can t believe I researched pots and pans but I did and learned many things. For these particular pans, reviewers brought up some 
Drinkwell Pet Fountain with Reservoir Plus. This is the perfect water dispenser for cats! I already have one up on my sink, where one feeding watering area is, and I 
Great value. These are well made and look and perform great. Easily a five star product  
Great Towel. The towel has served it purpose quite well. It is soft, looks great, and was well priced  
great for hardwood laminates, no more swiffing!. picks up all the pet hair, dust bunnies and cat litter on my hardwood and laminate floors, no problem. the head also pivots 
I m pleased with the product. I m pleased with this grinder...like one of the other reviews I read..I had to do the extra ajusting to get the right grind 
Nice weight- pouring spouts wonderful!. I have been using many months and am very pleased I purchased. The bottoms are heavy enough to use on the smooth glass cook-tops without 
cute. I recommend this banner. I didn t like the larinat, but it was easy to change... thanks!Recomiendo ampliamente este banner. No me gust el lazo, pero fue facil de 
Durable and distinctive. I have purchased a couple of these liners and am satisfied with how well they hold up. The striped fabric is a nice and light alternative to 
Nice little wine gadget. I will speak up for this.. I have a green color one of these and have used it for years.. convenient little opening gadget I keep 
I am real happy with this oven. This little toaster oven gets the job done for me. I think the quality is a little bit better, it is a little 
Best Washer I used! Compact. Quiet. Clean... I have been using this Haier for HLP21E 2 weeks. I live in an apartment and there is not enough room there. This 
Love this!!. Great cover to change the look of my room. Great deal for the price  
Great suction, but a bit disappointed in attachments. I have 3 indoor cats and a cat allergy. I was excited by the Dyson in the hopes that it would help 
Wonderful. I ve been using this board for about a month now and I love it. Somehow it makes my knives seem sharper... don t ask me how that s 
Solid. Very rich color. Very solid and deep... great for cereal. May be too heavy for young kids.  
Great Value. These towels are generously sized, thick and luxurious. Probably worth much more than the cost here on Amazon  
Works like a charm!. I love having outdoor lights at Christmas but hate having to go outside before bed--when it s cold and frequently snowing--to unplug them. This year, I 
Bark Stop Pro Works with Big Dogs. We have large dogs who are so sweet but end up barking at noisy neighbors with children playing in the field behind our 
My ideal fry pan. I recently upgraded my range from a gas model to an electric smooth surface cooktop which I LOVE . I soon realized that a lot of 
So versatile. What a wonderful portable appliance. Use it for a stockpot, pasta cooker, deepfrier or whatever. Quick and easy to use and a snap to clean up. I use 
Crazy circle........ Just got this a week or two ago and to our surprise they seem to enjoy chasing the big yellow ball around the circle. Good size and fun 
Very good. Item as advertised. Works well and the price is rigth. What else does one want  
great for the price. The only thing about this is it s a bit smaller than what I expected. It doesn t quite cover our ugly floral couch, but you 
Heavy duty bottle opener and stylish, too!. This is the Lexus of the bottle opener world! Very heavy duty, lovely stainless steel business end and pretty, shiny handle in the 
Great Soup Mugs. Product was great and was just what I ordered. Would use the site again  
Funny & Functional!. Received this item a couple of weeks ago. It s hysterically funny although my ex-husband doesn t think so . The knives are nice quality and you 
Makes my Global as sharp as the day I bought it. What are other people are doing to their Globals with this sharpener?Mine works extremely well and makes my G2 
georgetown black console table. I was very pleased with this table.My daughter purchased all three pieces in this collection,and from the packaging to the product stability we are very pleased 
stand mixer. This stand mixer is absolutely wonderful, everything about it has been worth it. A huge price difference from kitchen aid and quality is just as good as this 
Excellent. I purchased this item for myself and when my husband saw it he wanted a set for his cook on the boat. I use it everynight when cooking. Good 
very much pleased with this kitchen aid hand blender. This product is great buy.Nice thing about it is it has 10 speed setting so blends fast and perfect.i blend food 
The largest, thickest, thirstiest bath towel I have ever seen !!!. I was never a fan of thick bath towels -- they never seemed to be very absorbent -- until 
Aluminum Pizza Peel. Very good quality for the price. I m very happy with my pruchase, and would buy from this company again  
Love it!. My husband and I love this item! We can fit 2 or sometimes 3 garlic bulbs into this garlic baker that we put into our little convection oven. 
Pizzelle Pro. We enjoyed using the Prego Pizzelle Baker very much. It heats quickly and evenly. It is so much like what grandmother used  
Very nice table. I am very pleased with the look of this table. It makes a great addition to my entry way as a place to stash mail, purse, keys 
Not an expert on espresso machines but I am a coffee connoisseur. This is the first espresso machine I ve purchased. Did a lot of research and was not willing 
Makes great waffles!. This is a reliable, easy and fun-to-use waffle maker that is light-weight and takes up very little cupboard space. Waffles were light and tasty. The gimmick of 
The best there is!. If you love pizza, then you definitely need this cutter. It is by far, the nicest and the heaviest one that I ve ever had. I 
THE MERCEDES OF TOASTERS. I ORIGINALLY PLACED AN ORDER WITH ETRONICS THROUGH AMAZON, BUT AFTER 2 WKS. AND THE PRODUCT HAD STILL NOT BEEN SENT I CANCELLED THE ITEM... TO 
best thing with sliced bread ; . A friend broke her butter bell and was going to order another one. We both choose this one and I bought and extra 
Great!. I was looking for a crockpot that wasn t too large and wasn t too expensive. This product fit the bill.The lid is treated glass so, you can see 
Best Cup of Coffee Ever!. We got this just after Christmas, and it is absolutely the best cup of coffee that we have had since we were in Italy. I 
Vacuuming impaired. I hate to vacuum and when my Kenmore vacuum cleaner died I had no idea what to do. I read all of the customer reviews and the Bissell 
Very Practical. The dishes not only look good but are a good size, the complete set is really nice. Not too dark so that other colours can also be used 
Awesome!. This vacuum cleaner is awesome! Not only is it light, compared to other vacuum cleaners that I ve bought in the past, but it does a fantastic job!With a 
A Gem of a Fry Pan. The Swiss Diamond Fry Pan is an outstanding fry pan. It heats very evenly and cleans up well. We bought it having used one 
can t beat the price. I first purchased a 299 model ice shaver and wasn t happy with the output. It was too grainy. So I returned it. This one 
My cats love it!!. My three cats; Max, Smokey and Charlie just love my new pet waterer. I was a little hesitant to buy it because Max just loves to 
Exactly what I wanted. I am very pleased with my new Nordic Ware popper. I am the only one in my household who likes popcorn, so hate to make the 
Great product-Saved substantially from Amazon. I was able to save a great deal of money compared to the retail price. Great product and service  
Great laptop desk. I bought this on Amazon back in January 2007. I love it-use it almost every day. Very light weight and helps my legs cool. I have a 
Great product for home kitchen. This is a great pitter for your home kitchen. It works 90 of the time for me. The other 10 of time I have the 
WONDERFUL PRODUCT-GREAT VALUE. I needed another toaster for our ski lodge. I ve used DUALIT chrome toaster for many, many years and just loved it.When I went to amazon.com and 
Exactly what we expected. This is a great handy organizer for three different sized containers, plus the containers and covers. The containers are in even metrics sizes: 250, 500, and 
attractive and handy. I have two of these, one in yellow and one in a discontinued sea greeny color. They re attractive, of course; this is Fiestaware, after all. But 
Great Value. These towels are generously sized, thick and luxurious. Probably worth much more than the cost here on Amazon  
Fast Service. I was impressed with the FAST efficient service when I ordered this sleeveboard. Also, it works wonderfully well - much better than the old wooden ones.  
Very basic starter kit. We gave this small tank 5 stars because of its construction, ease of handling and cleaning. However, since it holds only 2 gallons, it is not 
Chemically sensitive? Beware the packaging for this fan!. I really like this fan: nice design yes, it is sleazy plastic, but the only time I noticed it was during assembly 
great breadmaker. I bought this breadmaker because I wanted one that makes a normal shaped loaf. It makes great big loaves and is relatively easy to use. Just be sure 
satsified. I have enjoyed the factory reconditioned kitchen aid. I have put it to the test these past weeks to ensure it would stand up.so far I have not had 
Excellent Fryer. I bought this Fryer to make French Fries at a small food concession I have. Wow! It did a beautiful job on the fries and with the two 
A Keeper. I have used many different brands of coffemakers, but this one will be my last. It easily makes the best coffee. This may be because of the use 
Great espresso from a mid-range machine. After conducting research for a few weeks, visiting Amazon, as well as other coffee aficionado sites, I finally purchased the Saeco Aroma espresso maker 
the best. this is the best mattress pad i have gotten.it fits well , feal s well and i would buy it again. thank you  
Great vacuum for the price. We ve had the Eureka R4870G Boss for a month or so and are very happy with how well it works on both carpet and 
Press your own clothes, no more dry cleaners. I have now had this product a few months and it has already paid for itself vs cleaner launder and press bills. 
micro-suede duvet cover set. I just love it and it looks great on my be  
Bonjur Primo Latte. I purchased this item as a gift for a friend. She was visiting and I served her a cup of Cappachino made with my Bonjur. She was 
Good Coffee Quickly. I was amazed at how much I am enjoying my Flavia Fusion. I saw it at a boat show and tried some. My husband talked me out 
great product. This product saves me money on expensive vet bills because it works better than treatments I had received there. Zymox takes about a week to work, with one 
I just love this. I first got introduced to the flip n fold while visiting my son. He tends to be a neat freak ... in a good way. I 
WOW!!. My sister bought this for my 9 yr. old son for Christmas. It is great. Even when it doesn t get something right on the nose it s very 
simple, but perfect. At first I didn t think I would need this piece, but after purchasing it. I fell in love with it. Perfect for a 10 plant on 
I thought i must be crazy, but would buy it all over again. I love rice, but never rice I made at home.It never turned out well and I hated 
Perfect to keep the fruit flies off. This item works exactly as described - and looks quite pretty to boot! I use it to keep those little fruit flies you 
An elegant solution to a messy problem. I am pleased that all my plastic bags fit into this neat little holder because it has freed up a whole cabinet shelf 
Better than Prescription. My golden retriever has had ear infections since she was 8 weeks old. Over the years we have tried allergy shots, dietary changes, and prescription ointments - 
OVERALL SATISFACTION WITH THIS PRODUCT. VERY POWERFUL STEAM CONCENTRATION.HIGH CAPACITY FOR ACCOMPLISHINGLONG TIME USAGE FOR THE JOB.GREAT ATTACHMENTS.VERY FAIRLY PRICED.EXCELLENT OVERALL SATISFACTION  
Excellent blanket. I purchased the same blanket for my son and myself. It was worth every penny and was as good as all the other reviewers said. It is soft 
Red Gourmet Glass. Yes, the stem is short. Yes, if you have a big nose, it may get caught. And worst of all, they do come from France, which is 
LOVE THESE BOWLS. These are called Fruit Bowl but they are the perfect size for a couple of scoops of ice cream  
Memory Foam Topper Without the Common Problems. I bought this as a gift for my mom, so I cannot comment on what it is like to sleep on, however, when 
Very nice. I ve been through two other brands of cat water fountains and had the pumps give out far too quickly. I ve had this fountain for several months 
Very Good Processor. I use this to slice any fresh fruits and vegetables. I don t cut up the food with a knife any more. This is great. It s 
le creuset rules. We have a couple of le Creuset enameled cast iron items and they are the best we ve used for stews and braises - brown meat etc. 
Holmes Twin Fan. Over all it isn t bad. It is fairly quiet, I don t have to blast the television or radio when both are on. I like the 
Loved them. The flutes are absolutely great! Exactly what I wanted and even better than expected. I will be purchasing more of these shortly  
Scooba Dooba. We were so pleased with our Roomba that we bought the Scooba. It arrived in perfect condition, it looked brand new, I couldn t tell it was refurbished! 
I love love love this french oven. This is one of the best items to have in your kitchen. It means 1-pot cooking when you re making stews, soups or 
take the course with it, prepare to shell out more for tools. I just begin a Wilton cake decorating class #1 at Michael s, and this book comes FREE with 
Lovely!. I have a white stove with black burners that are such an eyesore when I want my kitchen to look 100 and I am so pleased with these burner 
My favorite appliance... Using a Chemex requires water to be heated in a tea kettle prior to brewing, and it requires a finer ground than what auto-drip machines ask for. 
Love the pillow; hate the smell. This pillow is exactly what I was looking for in a memory foam pillow. It s supportive, regular pillow shaped, not too tall, etc. 
sugar bowl. very nice product fast shipping alittle disappointed in the size of the container but overall very please  
I like them, but who chose the name?. I like these dishes. Like others have said the colors have nothing to do with pewter. They look more like shades of 
Great Clips. Love the quality, strong magnets and usefulness of these unique shaped clips ... highly recommend  
Little Goofy, but great hot coffee. My wife called me complaining about the same problem the previous reviewer had with the carafe being pushed way from the machine. Once she 
Easiest to Use. As a server in an Italian restaurant, I have to open a plethora of wine bottles in front of customers. Based on experience with many different corkscrews, 
So far, so good.... We bought this to get a blender and to replace a leaky and piece of junk Hamilton Beach food processor. We live in a cramped apartment, 
saved many a bottle of red. After trying vacuum pump seals, I found this to clearly beat them. Generally keeps our reds for a week, when otherwise I would taste 
Nice lamp, but where s the white shade?. A very nice looking lamp for the money, easy assembly, but no crisp white shade as promised. It is definitely a beige 
Helpful organizer. These holders have been very helpful in organizing our garage, allowing us to hang brooms, mops, shovels, rakes and paddles on the wall and out of the way 
Professional quality kitchen tool!. Jaccard Tendermatic Meat TenderizerPros:1. Professional caliber tool; strong, well engineered and manufactured.2. Ergonomic design - handle bulges at top for good grip, it s comfortable, and 
I love it!. I think this griddle skillet combo is fantastic. I use mine almost every day. The only problems that I have encountered are: once I dropped it while 
Worth the money. I have two of these in my home and they really help to cut down on smells and dander from our two cats. And the filters are 
No drips!. These are a great hostess gift when you attach to a bottle of wine. No drips of red wine on the table when you use them  
I love it. A complete set with serving chargers and flatware. It looks absolutely beautiful on the table and well worth the price  
The Problem Is Me. This tea kettle is as wonderful as everybody says it is. Unfortunately, I unintentionally fell asleep while heating water in mine and it was ruined when 
Henckels Knife Block. Handsome and compact; will fit the decor of most kitchens. Nice to have the knives out of the drawer...  
Great Wall Pot Rack!. I bought this pot rack because I live in a small apartment and needed to find a way to maximize the space. It looks great in 
Good Food Processor. Likes:- Very quiet compared to our last food processor.- Powerful, no problem doing pizza dough.- Very solid construction, however this makes the base very heavy.Dislikes:- Short center 
Awesome dispenser!. I ordered 3 of the dual dispensers and they work incredibly well. They are the perfect height for the back of the counter under cabinets and look very 
-CHOCOLATE MILK SHAKE. LOVE THIS FOR MAKING CHOCOLATE MILK SHAKES FOR THE GRANDKIDS AND ME  
good quality. smooth operation, like the weight in my hand, peeling much easier than with my former grocery store model, and doesn t take off as much of the food 
I wish I would have bought this YEARS ago. This is an excellent product. If you are tired of lugging buckets of water back and forth while cleaning your aquarium, 
Good toaster!. We had been using a toaster oven which was very slow, and which had tohave the cycle repeated to get well browned toast. The T-fal is much faster, 
nice with a few flaws. A good looking tea kettle and seems to be quite sturdy, though I ve only had it a few weeks. Not heavy, but dense enough 
Mr Coffee a Winner Again . This machine meets all my expectations and is easy to use. I like the 4cupsize because by the time you brush your teeth, voila, 
Great nightlight alternative. Never replace a bulb. Dirt cheap to operate. Several companies sell this exact same light, included one sold at Home Depot. It s a single LED light 
Elegant and versatile. These glasses are a lovely elegant shape, gorgeous and appropriate for champagne, and the bit of extra width makes them suitable for white wine too. They come 
B&D Power Mop. I thought this mop was not too bad to put together. I think that it is easy to use, with the exception that the sprayer is not 
Petmate Fresh Flow. This pet fountain is great. I am having a tough time trying to get my cat to start drinking out of it, he was use to drinking 
Love my misto. I love the misto! I have had no problems with it and use it often. It is so much better than the chemical laden cans you buy. 
This itty bitty book light is an itty bitty wonder. I am amaze of all the negative reviews on this product. I purchased the itty bitty book light containing the 
Bright night. I used to stumble through rooms at night rather than turn on bright lights. This compact fixture does a beautiful job illuminating corridors or rooms with white LED 
Cuisinart Cookware. I had been looking for stainless steel and pricing all the name brands. Amazon had this with free shipping and I decided it was worth a try. My 
Over all great looking lamp. lamp stem was thicker than I expected. it has brush marks sort of looks like scrached but I believe it was done on purpose as 
Fiestaware 28-ounce small disk pitcher. This review assumes that you like the Fiestaware look. This small pitcher is a nice purchase. The color - Cinnabar - is a more sophisicated 
We love it!!. I got this for my husband for Christmas and he absolutely loves it. It is so easy to clean. It s wonderful for pancakes, eggs, sausage and 
jersey sheets. These sheets are great. Super soft and the best Jersey Sheets I have owned. Plus the prices for them are better than other jersey sheets of less quality. 
No problem with synthetic corks. I purchased this with every intention of returning it if it did not perform. Happily, it exceeded my expectations. Easy to use, fast, and attractive 
Very nice towels. Nice size, good thickness and have remained color fast through many washings. They have not puckered or pilled.An excellent value, not the best towels I ve ever 
Love Them!!. I love the house air filters but the ones for the car don t seem to work well. I have placed one of the air purifiers in my 
Great knife holder. Great knife holder at a reasonable price. Exactly what I was looking for  
Yummy popcorn!. My family LOVES movie theater popcorn, and this makes as good, if not better, popcorn than the theater! Since we purchased it, we ve had popcorn every night! 
Riedel, the only true serious choice of glassware. I first tried this Riedel Single malt glass a year ago and have not used anything else since. This glass is perfect 
Great Product and with Free Shipping. I like the other lady ordered the Textured Leaves products. I ordered two each of the rectangle baking dish and two sets of ramekins, 
It s a good one!. About the only improvements I can think of would be to make the hose longer for greater reach, and to increase the strength of the 
Rubbermaid gets the job done. We learned about this spatula from several very good professional reviewers. They were absolutely right about it s easy of use, firm handle feel and 
Pretty cool device... I really like this it makes great little cookies that my family loved. It is fairly easy to use but there is a learning curve on how 
Works Great!. I just bought a bunch of these for Christmas gifts. I ve enjoyed using my friend s. The true test came when I went to peel a butternut 
Chantal 48-Ounce Tea Steep, Red. This is a great product and the color makes it elegant  
Yummy toast and looks great too!. This toaster makes the best toast of any toaster I have ever owned and it looks GREAT! I tossed my blue plastic Cuisinart, which 
A quality product. I did a great deal of research on the internet before buying an automatic pasta maker. I couldn t spend a fortune, but I wanted the best 
Just the right size and weight. I burnt my last stockpot an inexpensive RevereWare and needed a replacement. I seriously thought about buying a new full set, they re always 
Just what I was looking for!. I am very pleased with the desk. The only complaint I would have was the assembly. The instuctions were alpha numeric coded, however only 
Perfect Addition. I bought this wine rack for my husband for Father s Day. It arrived in less than a week, it included extra hardware, and the assembly was EASY. 
Excellent for Garlic. This handle little utensil keeps your garlic nice and fresh until you are ready to use it in cooking. Much better than placing the garlic in the 
Corning Creations Cookware Makes Cooking Enjoyable For Me!!!!. Corning Creations is the bomb !!!!! No matter what you put in them, no matter how baked on...it comes right off. You 
One Happy Puppy!. My dog Abby loves this duck. She runs around the house with it in her mouth and she loves to make it quack.  
Love the look, love the toast. The English take their toast seriously, and while I don t share their affinity for beans on toast for breakfast, I lusted after this 
Love this baker. I recently replaced my Pyrex because of safety concerns based on my experiences with a piece exploding. I purchased several Chantal items after looking at ceramic and 
Mine is 20 years young and still going strong. Have never gotten it sharpened, and just give it a quick treatment with the honing steal before and after use. It 
Polder 716204 Deluxe Bread Bin. Very nice bread bin! I was pleasantly surprised that the stainless steel bread bin matched my Cuisinart items coffee maker, toaster oven perfectly. The finish 
Banana Tree and Fruit Bowl - Silver . I bought this for my boyfriend s sister as I d broken her old banana tree. I holds 2 bunches of bananas 
Great Leash. This is a great item for any night walker. Blight enough for car drivers to notice you are crossing the street. I don t recommend the blinking type. 
A Must Have For Your Puppy. This washable cedar bedding fits in the Pet Gear Home N Go soft sided pet crate, and the manufacturers really should have included it 
Dont Pay More. This is a great cheap decanter. Don t waste your money on a more expensive brand model  
Absolutely the BEST. Simply put, an awesome churn for home-made ice cream. I have an old hand-crank that I had always used to make the best ice cream, but it 
Classy and Delicate. I love the reidel line of wine glasses, both stemless and with stems. They are delicate though so not for the clumsy although maybe stemless is better 
A Nice Simple Design. Nice, retro design- really great colors I opted for the apple green . My only wish is that it were a bit more powerful. It is 
EXCELLENT QUALITY. I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this roaster, considering the price. It s also larger than I had imagined and will easily hold a good-sized turkey. 
Nice set. I really enjoy the size, weight, and form of this silverware set ... The main fork is a little big ... but the salad forks more than suffice 
Great sheets. I was very pleased with these sheets - in fact they are on my bed right now. They do come out of the dryer a little wrinkled, but 
Good Quality. This is a very nice cotton balnket and I have been very pleased with it  
It works perfectly. Among many scales that I looked at before I got this one, Cuisinart was one of the smallest, and it fits on our counter without taking too 
Fabulous Espresso, Lattes, Cappucinos for a Great Price. I bought the DeLonghi Bar 85 ? a little over a year ago. While a nice little machine that made excellent espresso, 
A great buy. I wanted a big frying pan for the dozen or so times a year I make a lot of potstickers, latkes, or even French toast. We had 
Love the remote hygrometer. I ve had other humidifiers, but this is my favorite. The digital hygrometer prevents over-humidifying I ve ruined the paint on my bedroom wall several times 
Good product. Gave this salt crock as a gift and it met all of my expectations. It was a nice size for the kitchen unlike some of the larger ones. 
Happy with purchase. Received ontime and in like new condition, works well and we like it alot  
Malfunctioned within a year. While i loved the features of this timer, especially the ability to run multiple countdowns at once i bake a lot and varying baking times require 
Good, Bad & Ugly. It works REALLY WELL.Downside?Consumes a lot of electricity - so use on the really cold nights. Not for full-time, sole heating use, in my opinion, but 
This is the best deal - love it love it. We have researched and researched and finally took the plunge on this 10-cup neuro fuzzy cooker. And we absolutley love 
I love this spatula - won t melt. Nothing quite like a melted spatula you left in chocolate or caramel a bit too long. This one won t melt - 
good vacuum for the money. I ve bought 3 or 4 vacuums during the last 10 years. They ve all worked okay, but there was always something that could be 
Just what I had been searching for. The first order for this arrived damaged and had to be sent back and replaced. The second shipment arrived in better shape and 
Very practical!. These may not be a cute as the tabletop salt and pepper shakers the smaller round ones but let me tell you that having the handles makes a 
Wonderful design, and it works well. The design itself is what made me purchase this item. I like the fact that it had a wider bottem than others which causes 
Great pan!. Yes, it s a REALLY big pan! A perfect cookware addition for the serious cook. Surprisingly, the pan isn t as heavy as I expected and is a 
A great training tool. I have a stubborn dog and this worked great. I tried it on my self and it didn t really hurt as much as it was 
My clothes are saved. I am very pleased with this product. My dress shirts and pants are finally saved from touching the floor in my closet huge pet peeve of 
Really Great Measuring Spoons. I really bought these measuring spoons to match the Michael Graves measuring cups that I was planning to buy, and I am sure glad that I 
A very sharp Knife. This is a great little knife. It if very sharp from the factory and has kept its edge nicely. The handle has a ridge that runs 
Great littke heater!!. If you want a heater for a small space this is the one you want. I have a back pantry and laundry area, about 12 x 12 
Pressure Canner does its job. My wife has used this canner several times since purchase and it works just great. We already have an older model but she wanted two 
Z Garment Rack Commercial Grade. This rack was very easy to assemble. The unit is very stable and moves very easy with the wheels. It will hold lots of clothes 
Works great. Compared to other siphons, I like this one because of the pump. The material it is made of is not the most durable when compared to the other 
The best quick bread loaf pans ever!. This pan is a must have if you make quick bread banana bread, pumpkin bread, etc. . It bakes MUCH more evenly than 
Best cup ever!. Best cup ever! Keeps your drinks warm for hours. Fits in my drink holder in my truck. Brews a good cup of coffee  
Bladed Steel Cheese Slicer. I have purchased nearly a dozen cheese slicers in the past, all with wire cutters on them, and every one has failed within a year because 
Great Product!! Works for me!!!. Wow!!! When I saw this light and simple design, I was not sure what to expect. I used this for an entire day, working on 
Works Perfectly. I didn t realize that I had ordered the unseasoned pan until after it had been shipped. No matter! It arrived midmorning today, and it took all of 
Good coffee pot, but... I have owned this coffee pot for a few years now. Overall it is good. The biggest problem is that the grinding is so loud, that 
Soft with a good fit. We are verry satisfied with our Pinzon sheets, we had pruchased other more expensive sheets in the past and these were just as good if 
Great Icecream maker!. I have owned this icecream maker for a few months now. Its great way to prepare homemade delicious icecreams.... Its available at Costco for 50. Its noisy 
Riedel. These glasses make a world of difference in the taste of your wine. Compared to retail department stores, Amazon offers a very nice price for them  
Great...but not for soft cereals. I love this item, it looks great in my kitchen. Very sturdy! My only complaint is even though the rubber that turns inside to move 
Love This Griddle. I absolutely love this griddle. Pancakes come out perfect. I grilled boneless chicken on it; it came out very tender and didn t dry out. It s 
Can t Stop Makin Tarts!. This is a great tart pan if you like to make deep dish quiches, etc. The false bottom comes in handy for easy removal of 
Fuctional and easy to use. I bought this item over a year ago, and I use it almost everyday to make sugar free sodas. It has never failed, and is 
not a bad find. Since it was a gift I did not mind spending the money on this set. Even though I may have found it somewhere else for a 
Great Cookware. This cookware is nice and heavy and sturdy. It heats much faster than the cheaper cookware we had before. It also heats very evenly. The only negative thing 
Great!. This contact grill-panini grill is great! We moved into a 3rd floor condo without a place for outside cooking but since we bought this grill I can t say 
Very Nice Pans. Very Nice Quality Pans. I got these pans and have yet to use them. They are nice quality and I will be excited to use them with 
NIce But Deadly!. We opened these little bundles of joy early for a Christmas party. My 62 year old room mate was delighted with the thought of having her own 
Great shakers. The stove top salt and pepper shakers are exactly what I wanted. I am using them to cook with. They are big enough to hold a lot and 
Great Bowls. These bowls are really great. I have been watching and learning about Fiesta for a long time. This was my first Fiestaware purchase. I will be getting more!! 
Mini Loaf Pans. These pans are the right size for baking individual items to take to work during the holidays  
THE BEST PILLOW EVER!!. Really, this pillow is perfect in every way. I have had neck pain so long i lost track. I found this on amazon, ordered 2 and 
Superb ice crusher. This ice crusher is just EXACTLY what I wanted for my home bar. I positively did NOT want an ice shaver, which seems to be all the 
Doggie Gate. The quality of this product is very nice. It s not as high as we thought it would be, but it will satisfy our needs for keeping our 
pretty alright. This little scale does the trick. Nothing fancy just simple to the point weighing of the goods. Its nice to have the storage container but I never really 
REMOVED SMOKE FROM BEDROOM. THE PEOPLE NEXT DOOR AND ABOVE ME IN MY APARTMENT BUILDING SMOKE. I TRIED EVERYTHING FROM LIGHTING INSCENCE, BUYING 2 FILTER PRODUCTS. THEY WORKED A LITTLE 
Aerolatte review. It works great. The travel one is all you really need, forget those other self-standing more expensive models  
Super price for a super pot. Calphalon is always one of my favorite cooking pots. This pot is great for chili but any stew or just cooking pasta or pierogies. 
Great convienence. Got this a couple of days ago and I couldn t be happier. Its quite and does a great job. It will only do small loads, so don 
Couldn t be happier with Global knives!. I muddled along for years with a collection of mismatched and mostly blunt kitchen knives before I found Global knives. They are very, 
Beautiful but........ Definitely focuses the flavor and aroma of the finest Hermitage, shiraz , etc......but the the glasses do not feel as delicate, and refined as my other sommelier series 
Great Frozen Pizza Plate. My husband and I fight over this plate when we have frozen pizza. A Tombstone pizza fits great on this plate  
Finally!. Finally, a coffeemaker that works and is easy to operate. It s clean too, no nooks and crannies to gunk up with coffee residue. The blue light is nice 
Excellent Knife Sharpener. We have 1 expensive knife and several cheaper knives. This sharpener does an excellent job of sharpening all our knives  
buy from Witbecks. Miele makes a great vacuum and this is one for sure. But I want to recommend the seller WItbecks--wonderfully personalized and caring service from someone whose last 
Choose your sweeper wisely. This sweeper is exactly what one would expect for 24. It does a fairly good job of picking up pieces of things, though isn t a 
Best trash can Ive ever had. I love this trash can. It works perfectly. All you have to do when it arrives is pull it out of the box, put 
Disney Cars Microbead Pillow. I ordered this for my son for Christmas. He loves it! The service is great, and the quality is also  
Jerky Lover s Treat. It is excellent for making jerkies from ground up meat. I am a vegetarian but I bought this tool to make dog treats. It is very 
I don t use them for canning... ...I use them with my FoodSaver vacuum sealer! These jars are perfect for anything from grated cheese, flour, sugar, nuts, oats, cereal, chips 
Wonderful Set- I love it!!!. You wont find corelle sets easily in stores. But Amazon is selling almost all varieties of sets at reasonable price!! I bought mixing bowls and 
lenox holiday china. I am so thrilled with this purchase that I still have a place setting out to look at! The price was fantastic and the delivery excellent. Amazon 
Great knife!!. So sharp I almost cut my cutting board in half!! Love it!  
Results about my 1st internet shopping experience. The merchandise purchased was to be a wedding shower gift. When I received it I found minor damage and contacted the shipper who 
Snow Cone Accessory Kit. It is everyhting I expected it to be and I appreciate the promptness in shipping it I received it yesterday 8  
good. It s the first slow cooker I ve owned and I have cooked one meal with it only, today, but I like it already. It s 20 and it 
Excellent Economical Pizza Peel. I bought this pizza peel for my son who is really getting serious about making Pizzas, from scratch, at home. And I can say that it 
Amazing Brew. This machine made the best coffee I have had in the States, the layer on top that is produced is reminiscent of the coffee I had in Italy. 
Quick shipping. Shipping was quick. The product was great. It was a gift for my sister and she loved it  
Very pleased!. I read the reviews here before I purchased this and they were right on. I placed this under a 8X10 in my living room which sees a lot 
Cheese Knife. This cheese knife is very good quality, and every bit as good if not better than as our Cutco cheese knife, which cost many times more. The design 
Has worked very well for me... I realize some other reviewers have had problems, but I haven t. This is my go-to turner, and it has held up very well. 
Durable but perhaps too heavy. As the description describes, this salt and pepper shaker set is stable and durable especially in the dishwasher. However, if one fills each shaker to 
Great Water - lousy fit. I ve changed out shower heads all by my little lonesome uncountable times over the years. I cannot get this attached without it leaking at 
Excellent Value. I want to start off by saying that any review is relative to the consumers past experience. Before getting this knife I was working from a cheap knife 
Use for casseroles, cakes, or roasting. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other quality products. These cooking vessels are cast from molten iron poured 
So far, so good!. It s still brand new, so everything s working great. I really love the color; I bought it to match my yellow standmixer.  
Good product; good price. In comparison with other goose down king size pillows, this was a good price. Product came quickly  
Delightful. This beautiful suger bowl looks lovely when setting out your tea or coffee~ You can use it for sugar or for lemon wedges if you take your tea with 
Great Quality backed by a Great Name. I got these as part of our wedding registry here on Amazon.I chose them because of the price, the name, and the number 
I love it!. We received one of these for Christmas and we can t stop using it. This skillet heats up fast, is a great size for anything and absolutely 
Bathroom Wall Shelf. Well, considering that I was shipped the wrong item, this piece has worked out OK. The construction is solid, stable, sturdy and attractive. It was not difficult 
Ionic Breeze - The Best. I originally spent the substantial amount to purchase two Ionic Breeze air purifiers given my allergies and I am a smoker. They were so effective 
Good item -- but read the manual. For the poor folks who are complaining about the EEE display, I haven t had the same problems. Customer support for this has 
Great!!. I bought this Raclette grill to add to an existing collection. I was a bit hesitant because I typically do not purchase Hamilton Beach products. I have to say, 
Dogsitter extraordinaire!. I paid way more for this than the current sale price at my local pet store 26 . My bull terrier puppy had surgery yesterday and we were 
table top wine chiller. a great alternative to sticking a wine bottle in the freezer and then forgetting about it  
Great Bowls. We are very particular about bowls, but I have to say these are fantastic. They actually hold a lot and look great. The only downside is that they 
Cute, comfortable and lovable. I received my Mogu about 5 months ago and I ve gone to sleep holding it ever since!They really are nice to hold.Would reccomend 100  
Great Table!. I have had this console table for about 2 years. It was very easy to assemble, I just added a little wood glue while assembling the screws in. 
Macho Cheese Slicer. This is a hefty kitchen tool--large, heavy, chrome. It fits comfortably in the hand and is easy to guide. I m not sure why there are three 
this was a gift. I had this shipped to my mother. She had no complaints  
Great So Far. I bought this locally to replace an old Rival deep fryer that just quit. The first one I brought home had a broken brace on the heating 
happy with it!. works, looks good, fits in the fridge well enough....i m happy with it :  
Evaluation of order. The merchandise was received in excellent condition, well packed for shipment, and sent quickly after my order was placed.  
WHISK. Good quality product. Twirl whisks are much better than regular whisks for making puddings, soups, etc. that don t have chunks in the food  
Satisfied user. The Hoover S3639 Wind Tunnel performed as expected. The longer hose and lock unlock lever makes use easier. The cover over the attachments keeps them out of site 
Great For A Wet Bar. This is a great small refrigerator. The platinum and black finish add a touch of class. I am currently using this refrigerator as an accessory 
Great skillet!. We were somewhat skeptical about buying a dual purpose skillet griddle but after using found it to be the best! We use the griddle all the time and 
Grrreat!. This is a great dealk and I am very happy with the performance of this set. Would certainly purchase from Pinzon again  
It definately helped. Each year we board my mother s cat while she is on vacation, and each year so far she has gotten a urinary tract infection from holding 
Magnetic knife holder. I purchased this knife holder for a commercial application in an upscale restaurant where the kitchen is visibile to my customers. I like it becuase: it works 
EVERYTHING GOOD YOU HAVE HEARD ABOUT THIS CAN OPENER IS INVARIABLY TRUE! -- WOW!,. IN A NUTSHELL: THE GOLD STANDARD FOR THE PRICE OF TINAs can openers go - there 
Very Good. I was looking for a air pot that would keep coffe hot in our office for 3 to 4 hours and and not have a glass liner, this 
Great combo product. Makes a good cup of coffee and the espresso machine part is easy to use and does a good job. I really like the built in milk 
a very good sturdy choice. This step stool is very acceptable. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I had to get used to it- when you 
Egg poacher scrambled eggs. This is exactly what I wanted. I use it to cook scrambled eggs that are round and fit on biscuits. My husband loves sausage, egg biscuits 
Convenient, Tight lock. The container is easy to open and close but has a very secure seal to keep out any problem areas. We have seen containers fare less-than-well going 
Wouldn t give it up for the world!. I ve had my KitchenAid Pro series for about 4 years or so now, and use it at least once a week. 
Perfect Can Opener. I wish I had one of these years ago. I could have saved a lot of money on all of those electrics that never really worked all 
very good. I have both the Black & Decker PKS150 Powered Kitchen Scrubber and the other version that is not by Black & Decker, I m referring to Ultimate Scrubber 
excellent addition!. I love this butter dish! I have looked at several and found this one to be the best quality and such a wonderful match to the naturewood collection. 
Nice. This towels are probably what most would expect. They look nice and have become my preferred kitchen towel - I cook alot. I would look elsewhere if they were 
Krups is always good!. Customer below wrote that the tea pot gave toxic smell. It says in the instructions that you have to boil the water twice before you use 
Absolutely Wonderful!!. Being physically challenged with severe RA has made this cleaner indispensable for me! I can t bend over to clean up spills & messes so I keep this 
good for the price. These pillows are pretty good for the price. Yes, they do get flattened, but I have a few of them together in different colors on the 
Best Buy. This unit performs as well as those costing twice the price. Can t imagine why anyone would want to spend more  
ELITE, the BEST!!!!!!. If you want to own the BEST, buy THIS one! I have 10 bananas hanging on it now and they curve out so it does not touch 
Knife Expert Approved; Multi-Functional and Durable. I am a stage performer as well as a chef. I specialize in contortion and throwing knives often with my feet . I use 
Cooks Illustrated loved it. I just put in an order for one based on Cooks Illustrated ranking this the #1 blender.I hope I have a better experience than that other 
dishes. The dishes came really wrapped securely and nicely. I appreciated the sender and the carefulness... no broken dishes!!! The product was sent quickly. Great service  
Good knife. I like this knife. It is very sharp and cuts thru vegetables easily. I find that the 5 inch blade is too short for some slicing jobs, such 
A Real Slow Cooker. Unlike most of the other little crockpots, this one is the real deal in miniature, not a dip-heater. When I have to take a dish to 
off to good start. A few years ago I tried stir frying and liked it, except that I used a Joyce Chen nonstick wok that peeled after two uses. After 
Works just fine. I got this to pick up cat litter, and that it does plus more. The handle stays on just fine if you bother to read the instructions 
The main selling point is inaccurate, misleading. I am a huge tea drinker and as you know, there are two key temperatures in the tea world: less than boiling 180F 
Catit Replacement Cartridges. Item was shipped very quickly and transaction completed in a timely fashion  
Works well for bedrooms. My son has allergies and this seems to help. It has a nice quiet humming sound which even helps him get to sleep faster! I can 
Gourmet knives are stamped blades. In reading the comments on these knives I noticed that there was a different type of metal in the Gourmet vs the Classic. I checked 
Vary comfortable. These pillows are excellent...It gives me a perfact neck support. Although, size is little smaller but it serves the purpose.  
loved it. My best purchase -greatr price, nice features. My friend I bought it for loves it. Do yourself a favor and purchase it  
Perfect knife. This is one fine knife.Prior to this my favorite knife was a Gerber Balance plus 10 inch chefs knife I bought over 20 years ago. This is a 
Perfect for travellers. The smallest iron I ve ever seen, but it works as well as the big ones. I travel a lot for work and this is a life 
THIS COAT RACK IS AWESOME!!!!. I LOVE THIS ITEM I BOUGHT AND IT ARRIVED IN A TIMELY FASHION.THANK  
if you love cookies. I purchased this pan through a different company. Cookies cook evenly with good color. Can be used with parchment paper, Silpat but also used with cooking 
Finest piece of cookware I own. I ve always liked the Calphalon products, but I lost my whole set a few years ago. When I found this piece on sale 
Great saucepan, excellent price. I bought one as a wedding present and when I saw the quality, I bought one for myself. I love it  
Pfaltzgraff Empire Covered Butter Dish. Excellent product. I especially like the roominess of the cover...no more butter crawling up the sides! Yea  
scissor set only ok. this scissor set is not as sturdy as i was expecting from a henckels product. the all purpose scissors work well but the pruning shears are 
No Kitchen is Complete Without These!. I love these dishes! The proportions, color vibrance, surface wearability and chip-resistance can t be beat for the price! I suggest buying a few 
Nice kids pillow. My son loves it very nice. It is a nice gift for ages below 5. It got a good shape, nice grip to hold  
Bunn Best Ever. I don t normally review a item after owning it just over a week, but today I decided I should review the Bunn BX. Like I said, 
best popcorn popper microwave or normal. makes the best popcorn I found. Use peanut oil and any junk popcorn and it pops up light and fluffy. Clean-up is not bad 
Amazing Glasses. These glasses are amazing! They don t just loom good - they are extremely functional as well. You coffee can be extremely hot, yet you can t feel 
Goose Down. Love this comforter...It is just the right weight for what we needed..and fits the duvet cover perfectly...came faster than I expected, which of course thrilled me..  
Wonderful, Healthy, Cookware. I was looking for good solid cookware that would allow me to bake salmon & vegetables instead of wrapping in aluminum foil . The deep dish washes 
External Hard Drive Case. Excellent product for protecting storing external HD. Amazaon had best price for this product  
Picture is Misleading. I agree with the other reviewer--the picture is misleading. Bissell does actually sell the pad brush combination. Amazon should strive to make sure the picture does represent 
Great Deal and Very Handy. I bought one set of these and was so impressed I bought a second set. The quality of the ramekins is great and the price 
Cute Cuisinart. This little Cuisinart hardly takes up any room on the counter. It is very powerful and you must be careful so you don t turn your chopped veggies 
Good for its price. I was initially going to purchase the Eureka 169B Quick Up Vacuum not cordless because my boyfriend had the exact same thing, but then I found 
The Best!. These are a purchase to go with Wamsutta sheets. My daughter likes extra pillows.These wash very well and are nice and heavy duty. Pillow cases are usually expensive. 
just beautiful dinnerware. The color, detail, and quality of this set is just perfect. I love it and have receieve many compliments on it. I intend to purchase another set. 
better than expected. I expected the typical dog toy, which lives about half as long as it normally does thanks to my dog trying to tear it apart. I m 
great for kids toys. I put all of my kids stuffed animals in these, my kids can open them all alone and i can lift them up and toss them 
Great Product. We ve had this product now for about 3 weeks and use it everyday. We just put in hardwood floors and needed something that wouldn t damage the 
The largest version of Presto s gold standard in basic deepfry. THis is the family size edition of presto s popular Fry Daddy line of fryers. I have had my 
Wustof Classic... worth the money. As a home user, I must say that I m quite pleased with my purchase of this knife in the Classic line. Had a few 
Love them!!. These end tables are very easy to asseble and look great. A great buy for the money. The bases were slightly scratched on one side, but I was 
Great product. Great knife. Love the Unibody and is very sharp  
tastes great, but too brown. This pan is very functional--makes wonderful mini-madeleines that are almost perfect--spongy, delicate, comes off in one piece easily thanks to the nonstick coating, heats evenly, 
Best Home Deep Fryer Ever. This is the best Deep Fryer for the home that we have every had. Usually you have to have a fryer that is on 220 
Stanton. not just ice tea. These are my coffe mug stirers and mayo jar extractors too. We reach for them all the time. Stanton has a nice weight good quality, 
For the price works moderately well. I have a 3 1 2 year old Boxer that barks, cries, whines, and howls when I go to work...ALL DAY...I know, I recorded 
Works as it is intended. I purchased this to keep our cats off of the dining room table. We ve used it for a few weeks now and they no 
Good, Solid Product!. This is my first food processor and overall, I m very satisfied with it. The mini bowl is very useful for making small quantities of pesto, sauce 
Handy cordless blender!. I love my Cuisinart Cordless Blender. No cords to get in the way and easy to use when traveling by car--no power cord needed. Charges quickly and 
yes, goo gone works fine... I got these figuring that goo gone would work, and yes, it works fine peel off the label, squirt on goo gone, wait a few 
Great pot. My mother has one of these and really likes it so I purchased one and I too love it. It is so easy to use and I have 
Very Sturdy. Excellent quality and rich color. I tried it as a skillet, takes a while to heat up . . . I think this would be best oven roasting 
great tray. The ice cubes come out intact - not chipped or cracked. To get them out, push each cube from the bottom with your finger.For fastest and easiest results, 
great collar. this collar doesn t feel as rough as most--its soft and looks comfy. but it is totally durable. i have a jack russell & my little guy pulls 
Great deal. These sheets are a great deal. They are very soft and comfy. They are oversized a little, therefore they fit very nicely  
Great Blanket, very comfortable. I ve had this for a few months now, I ve found it to be perfect except on very cold nights, but then I add a 
Great yet not sound free. excellent although the plastic is not sound free while the child tosses and turns in bed.  
Great sewing machine value. I highly recommend this sewing machine. I purchased it in January, but wanted to use it awhile before writing a review. Since then, I ve used 
Sturdy!. These cups are larger than they appear! And very strong and sturdy - a thick ceramic. I use them every day to microwave eggs, etc.  
popcorn maker. This item is wonderful though a bit too small. It makes good popcorn and is very easy to use. It is worth the price and a good buy 
godinger glasses. Just as promised, all arrived in perfect condition due to exceptional packing. The weight is really nice. I liked them so much that I ordered a second set 
the best dog bed. My dogs love this bed. And so do I.I have two chihuahuas, although this bed would fit a dog up to at least 15-20 pounds. My 
Good price for solid, warm flannel duvet cover. I bought this a few weeks ago on amazon and loved it within the first minute of snuggling underneath. For this price 
Rachel Ray Furi Knife. I have used this knife for everything since it arrived. It is perfect for everyday use, great product for the price  
Best floor cleaner yet!. I have several rooms including my kitchen that have white shiny ceramic tile floors with white grout. No matter what I used to clean the floor 
not a gimmick---the real deal. The Riedel O concept glasses may take a short while to accept, but once one realizes that a quality wine glass does not require a 
Black Pitcher. It does function well, hmmmmm... kinda like a pitcher, and looks great as an accent with my black appliances  
Neat n Dry perfect for my needs. It took a little while to receive them but once I started using them I was very surprised at how well they worked. 
Attractive set. these were great for the money. I had similar items break after awhile and I order these, exact replica, to match the set I had. Surprising great quality 
Our cats are spoiled - perfect for indoor cats!. This is the best - snaps on easily, cleans easily & works just great. Our cats love to pull out the 
Darn good little vac. I have had every kind of vacuum you can think of. Even a Kerby, I am embarrassed to say. I have 4 dogs and therefore A 
Perfect Grapefruit spoon. it s a set of grapefruit spoons - how can you mess that up? The spoons are sturdy smooth and very comfortable in your hand  
Best Grill I ve Ever Owned. This grill was recommended by Alton Brown of Good Eats FoodTV . The grill came with explicit care instructions for seasoning the cast iron 
Great Bag Holder. This product just greatly reduced the space that bags were taking up under my counter. Great organizing product  
We really like this sugar dispenser. We were given one of these sugar dispenser for a gift and now we just bought two more to give out as gifts. We 
If you only buy one toy for your dog... This is absolutely, hands down, the best toy we ve gotten for our dogs. We own three sets of these in 
In love with Bobo. My mini-doxie just loves his Bobo. Like others, we saw the Loofa dog on the Petsmart commercials. Remi loves any plushie that squeaks, so we decided 
So easy to make perfect rice!. Whether it has been Basmati, Jasmin, or Brown rice, it comes out perfectly every time! Very easy to make, even the more complex pilafs. 
Our cat barely leaves her mat... We adopted a feral cat and bought this thermal mat because it can get cold in the garage which is where she lives . 
Works great. I put this on our wedding registry 2 years ago and was delighted when we received it as a gift. It has worked perfectly from day one! Easy 
Windowbox-Gardenia. Sent to my daughter in CA for her birthday. She loves the gardenia. The service was excellent. Thanks to Frances, Emily and My-An  
Best Cheap Crystal. These are my standbys for entertaining. Look like Waterford, have a nice heft to them, don t break easily--when they do you don t cry!I have been 
nicely made. This is an simple contraption that makes our bathroom space more organised, neat looks great also. glad i d purchased this  
Really makes a difference!. We just added this topper to our already cozy mattress and WOW - it made it EVEN more comfortable - it gives a great squish factor 
Nice Heater, Love the Remote!. I really like this heater, has lots of functions and the remote is awesome. I use it under my desk at work, it s great 
great kettle. I really like this kettle. It heats water very quickly and shuts itself off if the water is too low or is boiling. The only thing I don 
Great sheets for a great price! & deep pockets!. I got these at a great price so my expectations were very low. I usually spend as much as 90 for 
Previous version has worked for 10 years, no mold. I think some people are distorting reality on this product based on another problem in their refrigerator and blaming it on 
makes jerky fun. This makes jerky making fun and easy. Simple to use and easy to clean when you re done  
Great Gift for Everyone. I bought this exact same slicer 20 years ago for my mom and it has lasted. It s a unique item that guests love and it 
Made in India. As with all my red dishtowels, these are made in India. This is my first time using dishtowels. I chose red so I wouldn t hesitate to 
Great Knives!. We got this as a wedding present...what a great gift! I use these knives constantly, but especially for cutting up meat or vegetables. They are so sharp but 
Great Product but Poor Shipping!. My only complaint is that Amazon does not properly pack their products. It took 3 attempts to get them here with out any damage! The 
Deep Fryer. Given as a Christmas gift to my daughter. She was very happy with the product stating it was better with cooking times than her last fryer. The well 
Nautica Crew Classic Blanket is a GREAT blanket. I couldn t be happier with this blanket. The quality is top notch. The style and look are wonderful. The sizing is 
TOASTMASTER SANDWICH MAKER. The end result was ok, but I felt the sandwiches were too squashed but edibl  
Excellent little heater. Though not a large heater it heats up a room as good or better than the space heater I use more than twice as big. The one 
Best Dustbuster yet. This machine is way superior to the original and some suceeding versions. There is no bulky cradle to fit the vacuum into for recharging, just a simple 
Eureka Boss upright. Only used once so far and seems to work fine. The lever to switch from carpet to bare floor was a little stiff doesn t seem to 
Happy, but used a drill. The desk is beautiful. I chose it for the solid wood rather than laminate and the wide keyboard tray also holds the mouse . My 
good support. This neck pillow offers considerable support under the neck---bought it to replace an old one that had become thread-bare...husband uses it all the time.  
Gas Burner Covers. This is what I was looking for to cover my other burners while I cook, but the depth of the covers do not reach down to the 
Some Tips From an Owner. I ve had this coffee maker for several weeks now, so if you re considering it for your home or office, please read on for 
Just the thing for my vintage recipe. When I received this item, I was surprised how small it looked! There is a big difference between my 9 pie plates and 
Good value and powerful. I purchased this unit just over a month ago. It arrived in less than a week. I ve had no problems with it yet. It is 
the garlic twist. I purchased 2 of the above as stocking stuffers for the Christmas HolidaysMy daughter has just yesterday raved about this product-saying how greatand simple it was to 
Treated Myself Today! and a Question!. Well, I did it. Went out and bought the 5 1 2 qt in cherry red. I m still sitting here looking at it! 
Raclette grill. This was a gift for my parents who wanted to entertain using this  
Good Product. This is a sturdy and attractive product. I have very limited space so this totally fit the bill  
Great Frozen Pizza Plate. My husband and I fight over this plate when we have frozen pizza. A Tombstone pizza fits great on this plate  
Wonderful sheets. These sheets feel great. I just love sleeping on them. I have never had sheets this great for the price I paid. The only drawback is that they 
Best knives!. I loved my Shun Classic 6.5 Santoku knife, so I purchased a 6-piece set except my set came with a 9 serrated bread knife instead of the utility 
Best decision I ve ever made.. except marrying my husband.. This is a wonderful wondeful little machine. It s small enough to fit, but large enough to do a good 
Handy. These shakers hold a large amount of salt and pepper. The plastic covers are great for keeping dust and moisture off of them. The fact that you can take 
LOVE IT! LOVE IT! LOVE IT!. Very sturdy construction. Much better than I expected. I made whole wheat bread the other day and it didn t even hesitate to blast 
Good value for the money. The response time of this thermometer is pretty decent in its price range: it goes from freezing to boiling or back in about 15 seconds.The 
Excellent product, care and feeding needed. I have owned this for about 9 months and gotten nearly 1000 uses out of it it counts for you . It can equal 
Kneato Knife. This knife is a most valued asset to any cooks collections. I normally try all of Rachel Ray s products, and this one meets with high marks. Its 
GREAT yogurt. I recently bought an Euro Cuisine yogurt maker and resumed making my own yogurt. There is no comparison - homemade is MUCH better. Starter matters. I tried Dannon 
Wonderful little dish with a million uses. I bought this to use for brown bagging but have used it for so much more. THis little dish is great for storing 
A Good Machine... I bought this vacuum strictly for the basement where our Home Theatre is set up . It was a pain in the ss carrying our canister up 
Swiss Diamond C28 Replacement Cover. I am very happy with the product. It fits the fry pan perfectly  
Wonderful product!!. This krumkaka baker is wonderful!! I have a stove-top krumkaka maker and always had trouble with it, took a long time to bake krumkaka and such. Made a 
water cap solution. I had this iron for over a year and I m pretty satisfied with it. It s great for silk and other thin fabric - it doesn 
 39.99 gold box for the bedskirt. The bedskirt is the bonus in this set that makes this worth looking at. If you have furnished rental property and don t 
the best juicer available. I highly recommend this juicer. I live in Florida and have a huge pink grapefriut tree as well as an orange, lemon and lime tree in 
I would love it more if... If it hadn t been damaged in shipping like most of the items I get shipped from Target , it would be perfect. The 
Great for Tea, too!. I ve had one of these cups for about three years and it works great.  
Excellant Water Filter system. Now I can drink water and make Tea & Coffee without the clorine tast  
a fan FURever!. This is one amazing tool. We went from vacuuming 3 times a week to once a week. We simply can t believe the difference. The dog seems 
AMAZINGLY SOFT!. I bought this item not knowing whether it would be fit for a gift for my mother. Upon her opening the gift, she wrapped it around herself, and 
Suck up the wetness!. Light and non-cotton, these are like spounges and they work far better than any dish towel I ve used previously. I haven t washed these, but 
Surprisingly effective and easy. I ve rented carpet cleaners. They work OK. When I realized that I could buy something that worked and not have to worry about the 24-hour 
Love it!. I m not much for blankets but I love this one. The touch is just wonderful. It is light weight and provides just the right amount of warmth. 
replacement pitchers. wonderful--just like the ones that came with the Mr. Iced Tea maker- shippment was fast and prompt--I ordered 2 so I d have a spare now I wished 
Great cookware!. Really have enjoyed using this Saucepan. Cooks evenly, does not stick, cleans up good. Thinking of purchasing more of this product  
Best 2 I ever spent. My kitties are 5 years old, and I wish I had discovered this years ago. They absolutely LOVE it! For almost an hour they were 
Nice idea. I definitely like the idea of my cats drinking clean water. This Freshflow works well - although it is taking my cats some time to get used to 
Best knife set there is. This is the best set of knives you will ever own. Very sharp and handles well. Great looking too. Gift box is a joke though 
Mickey Wafflemaker. Acquired this item as a Christmas gift and the recipient was very pleased with it. The wafflemaker works fine and makes a waffle that is just the right 
Great Crate. In the past I have used the old stand by wire crates for my dogs. I recently got a new puppy a Maltipoo who is smaller than the 
Bacon - Fast & Easy. Bacon has always been a family treat for breakfast on the weekends, due to the time it takes to cook and clean-up. However, with this 
reasonable. this product does a good job of removing chlorine from shower water at a reasonable price  
Better than described !. Highly recommended. As good as you could ask for. It DOES have a front light, although some desciptions say it doesn t. Easy to use, push 
Shamrock rocks!. These mugs were gorgeous... nice and big to fill up with cocoa after being out in the snow! The color is beautiful - a little darker than the 
Comfy and Cost-efficient. these bar stools are stylish, well-built, comfortable, and inexpensive... a perfect combination when I was looking for the perfect addition to a small eat-in-kitchen.  
Absolutely gorgeous, stunning set!. I love this Pfaltzgraff dinnerware set. I had purchased another 16-piece design set from another site, and I was very pleased with the quality of them. 
Great buy!. I was hesitant to purchase these over the internet, but went ahead anyway. They shipped really fast and they are nice blinds. I was very pleased. I gave 
Grrrreat jar opener. This jar opener has never failed. I LOVE not having to ask my husband for help! He likes it too. I am ordering several for Christmas little 
Good speakers, great warranty. Short and sweat.... speakers sound very good. As with any pair of Bose speakers not the most bass or treble, but lots of mids. I m 
Polder LDR-6103 3-Step Designer Step Stool with Rail. Easy to use and store. Very stable and strong.  
I bought 16 sets of these twin sheets!. Great Quality!I bought 16 sets of these for our family condo that has 8 twin beds. They feel rich and think and 
great product. I bought this product cause i wanted something that was different and take up less space. It works great and looks very updated in my kitchen. I dont 
Good Buy. I love this banana fruit holder : It looks tiny on the picture but it is really good size. It is chrome finish and very elegant. Good price 
Funny gift to give : . It s soft and medium-sized. Didn t pay too much for them so didn t feel too bad when friends would come over and 
TITLE should read 20-Piece Set. We ordered the 16 piece set hoping to receive service for four, with 3 pieces and 4 serving pieces, just like the one shown in 
Tea Rose Oval Vegetable Bowl. This bowl is absolutely beautiful. I also like the size of the bowl and the beautiful tea rose pattern. I highly recommend it  
Agree that smaller would be better. I have 4 cats and find that if I fill this more than halfway the water gets discolored before it s time to refill. 
Better than the new-fangled things. I ve been using NeckBones for more than 10 years, always buying a spare in case my old one wears out. My local store no 
Do-it-yourself... Love it! Bought it for my 3-year old who is in the I want to do it myself stage. Put her two favorite cereals in the dispenser and now 
Excellent relatively low tech & cheap way to do CO2. This product works well, producing CO2 relatively easily and cheaply - compared to having a pressurized CO2 canister and regulator 
Excellent! Lives up to its name. I was looking for a more conveniently disposable litter since I live on the top floor of my apartment building and making a trip 
This is a great knife!. I bought this knife after it was recommended in the book Kitchen Confidential. The knife is razor sharp, well balanced and it s very comfortable 
Sensational Soap Pump!. While searching for the perfect kitchen soap dispenser on Amazon, I came across two which looked identical at first. In reading the reviews of both I noticed 
Pop-Up hamper. This hamper can easily hold a week s worth of clothing and bedding for two people. The casters makes it easy to roll to the laundry room.  
Nice Alternative to Aerosol Sprays. I like my Misto very much and cook with it frequently. From spraying the bottom of a pan for stir-fry or misting a salad, it 
Works Great. I bought this to replace an earlier version that had just plain worn out. This new model is much improved. Nice size, sturdy plastic and it does well 
A Lot of Fun - for a Short While. This was a lot of fun. Its big and different from my Golden s other toys and it makes a really 
Unbreakable and well made. This coffee press is light weight and easy to use. It cleans up easily and takes up little space in the cupboard. It works as well 
Love this vacuum. This is a great vacuum. I bought my first windtunnel several years ago and just recently needed to replace it. The vacuum is still going strong but 
How to make the perfect cup of Cuban coffee. I have used this model of Bialetti 3-cup coffee maker for years; this is the exact model my Dad used when 
Excellent...and very attractive!. First, this is more accurately called a sauce POT rather than a saucepan--it s about 8.5 inches at the bottom and gradually flares to 10 inches at 
If you follow the directions this is an excelent roaster. Cooks quickly and evenly. Not as good at being a slow cooker as my slow cooker but it is wonderful 
17 inch model good for small cats. My Burmese kitten loves her little black Petmate Burrow Bed - it s relatively flat and hooded, so she can stretch out of 
For Agressive Chewers. Still the best item out there for agressive chewers. That doesn t mean your dog won t eventually manage to get it ripped apart, but it does 
I don t want to get out of bed!. I love this duvet cover. I didn t think my down comforter could be any more comfortable, and I bought the 
Beautiful Hamper. This hamper is beautiful, with lively colors. It also has a fairly large capacity. However, it is not extremely sturdy. I wouldn t move it with the clothes 
Great Buy. Love the table. Arrived in excellant condition and I put together in 1 hour. I have had a lot of experience in assembly of this type of DIY 
excellent product, highly recommend. I absolutely love these potholders!!!! I have four sets of them. They are great as potholders but they also have other uses. I place them under 
The Best Soup Mug. I love this mug. It is the absolute best. I searched all over for a mug that would hold my soup one can of Campbell s 
a very good garlic keeper. This was even nicer than I had expected, about 3 inches high at the shoulder and 4 inches across, it is big enough to hold 
Great Chair!. This chair is very comfotable and attractive. I m happy with it. The price is awsome  
Kudo s to Oster s Engineers!!. This is the best blender I have ever owned! They have done away with the awful rubber gear and replaced it with a much 
Best Cat Litter. This litter is the best. It absorbs odors, lasts longer than regular brands and my cats love it!!  
Excellent Fan. We purchased this fan during the heat wave this past summer and it was a great buy. Not only was it priced well but it has been an 
Toasty turkey!. We bought this to use this Thanksgiving for our 20 lb turkey...but couldn t wait. We have used several times to raost chicken and it is great. The 
An excellent product!. At less then 5 I have never seen a product that performed better! I cooked two eggs in my 600w microwave on 50 power for 4 minutes. 
Just lovely... The flowers not only arrived in good time, they were also so lovely. My friend, who loves roses, was very impressed. Definitely a great purchase  
going back for more. As the spokesperson from the kitchen of a family of five which includes boys and their friends that use flatware to fix paintball guns, play extreme 
Nice soft towels. These towels are soft and maintain the same color after several washes. Will buy them agai  
Helpful for Arthritis. These treats have been great for our large-breed, older dog who has developed arthritis in his hips. They re also one of the few Glucosamine treats that 
Finally, nice soft butter!!!. I have been using this butter keeper for 3 months now and it is definitely one of my favorite kitchen products!!! I hate rock hard butter 
Great toy for hyper kitties!. If your cat wakes you up in the morning not just to eat but to play, this toy will help! I have four cats and 
Such a cute kitchen gadget!. I have to admit from the beginning that I am a sucker for cute kitchen items. Wedgey definitely fits into that category, although it works 
Delicate but very nice. We have had these glasses for a while now and are very pleased with them. True they are very delicate but they are made from borosilicate 
Beautiful BIA !. BIA makes many dishes and bakeware items. I have this oval baker as well as several others in this collection. It is simple in design yet has 
Hamilton Beach 04163. Amazon asked me to review the replacement filter so I thought I d go ahead and make some comments about the Air Cleaner itself. Prior to buying 
Very Nice. I bought this set for a recent camping rv trip. Worked out great. Attractive, unbreakable and practical  
Nothing more solid than a Bunn. I ve seen other Bunn brewers run years under constant use and never wink out. If you are looking for a constant use brewer, 
Wonderful chocolate. A friend provided the fountain for a wedding reception, and was unaware that fountain chocolate was available. He had previously mixed his chocolate through trial and error, adding 
Great Everyday China. I got married last year and registered for this set. It is inexpensive and can work for everyday meals or if you have company. If you are 
Highly recommended. As mentioned by other reviewers, the reviewer who stated that this isn t cast iron is mistaken. This is a traditional, old fashioned, authentic Chinese wok. If you 
fiesta periwinkle 494 7-inch covered butter dish. I received my butter dish in a very timely fashion & very well packaged too. The product is wonderful & it s being 
Perfect all-around serving dish!. This dish is my favorite serving piece in my fiestaware! I already have it in seafoam. It is the perfect size, for Thanksgiving-size side dishes, everyday 
The BEST Vacuum I Have Ever Owned. Even though I vacuumed my carpeting with my old vacuum on a regular basis, my carpets were still filthy. I just never realized 
Tea-for-One. I bought this as a gift for a tea-lover, along with a few other tea-accessories. She loved it. It s got a classic look. It s not gaudily painted 
Great Pillows for Kids. Loved this pillow. it is a lot of fun  
Timing & Quality Met Expectations. I received the item within the expected time period and in good condition  
Cannot be happier!. I cannot say enough good things about this dehydrator. I ve used it for almost a year now, and I m churning out jerky and fruit leather 
NordicWare 10 Inch Micro Go Round. If your microwave oven does not have a built-in turntable, the NordicWare Micro Go Round is the perfect solution  
sooo yummy. If you love garlic you HAVE to have one of these! It s so easy, you just cut off the top of a big clove and put it 
Great garlic keeper. I was not disappointed in this item. It is attractive and looks just like the picture. It s a nice size: not too small, not too large 
very good but not perfect. it is very useful, but it doesn t hold heat almost 24 hours like some people discribed. overall it is very good that we can 
Easy clean-up!. I just love this cookware dish - it s functional and pretty. It cleans so easily. I now plan to buy more Le Creuset Poterie cookware  
I love it!. I love this dish. It is slightly bigger than a 9x13. It is great for casseroles. It is so colorful and washes easily. It is a great 
Light wedge saves marriages. I LOVE the light wedge! It will save marriages if one spouse cannot sleep with the light on while the other reads! The light wedge does 
Chef,s Choice 300W Diamond Hone Knife Sharpener. We have one of the knife sharpeners and wanted two of them for Christmas presents. But after finding them we decided they we 
Lasts as long as advertised. I have one cat and get about 3 to 4 weeks out of a cartridge before it needs to be replaced. It does a very 
Great for back or side sleepers!. I ve owned two of these pillows. Although the first one got flatter before as many years as it said it should last for 
good quality. I own an original piece 1962 and there is no difference in quality whatsoever  
Presto keeps improving with time. This pressure cooker replaced a thirty year old Presto. The new cooker works flawlessly, is easy to clean and store, and seems sturdy enough to 
Best knife I ve ever used. I bought this knife for my daughter for her birthday. I m sure she s going to enjoy using it. I had the occasion 
Absolutely Cutting Edge!. Henckels is definetelyone of the finest Knives made in the world today, it s name stands for durability and quality, I use their knives in my kitchen 
SHOULD HAVE WAITED !. ..........I PAID TOO MUCH FOR THESE KNIVES, THOUGH THEY WORK WELL. I SHOULD HAVE SHOPPED AROUND  
Great deal on a great vacuum!. The Dyson DC 14 Full-Kit out-performed my Oreck XL in ways I could not have imagined. Thanks to the transparent collection cup, one can 
GREAT little scissors!. I used these scissors for cutting off the fins and tail of Tilapia sp? , and these worked wonderfully on cutting through those needle-like bones! My last 
Super Practico. El dise?o es genial, el material tambien. El chupon se ajusta muy bien. Lo coloque dentro del fregadero desde hace una semana y ni se a movido  
Great value for great product. I m extremely pleased with the Spiegelau glass collection--Amazon prices make it an even better buy. Elegant, but not over-styled, make these glases a great 
Great product and great service. Most people I showed this wok set to could not believe the price I paid for it. This kit contains everything you need to start 
vacuum cleaner bags. i was pleased to get exactly what i wanted in a few clicks and a few days  
Great nip. Just got it as a add on to an order and found that my cats really liked it. All you have to do is open the bag and 
Makes an amatuer cook feel like a pro. I have tried to make rice many times with different methods and my rice is always horrible, and after giving up I 
beautiful machine. very happy with the proformance of the processor.made the pizza recipe with it and the dough was done great.the pizza still needs to be worked on lol.all-in-all,fantastic product 
Rachel Ray s 5QT Oval Pot. This is a GREAT product. It really holds a lot and is great for stoups thicker than soup but thinner than stews and can 
Nail clipper for Large Dogs. This is the best nail clipper for large dogs and the only one that s been easy to use for my dog with minimal stress 
Cuts bagels like butter. I first saw this being used in a hotel breakfast establishment in Sedona, AZ. The server gave me the name of the product and I ordered 
This Baby Is Incredible!!. I would certainly highly recommend this juicer to anyone! It is stylish, sleek,easy to clean, and has plenty of power to handle anything. I feel sorry 
Wonderful Spot Remover. I had no idea how good this product is. It came with the vacuum cleaner so I figured I would use it on a mess my cat 
Great towel!. My husband and I have really enjoyed this product. They are very soft and a good sized towel  
Wow Factor!. My twin boys just had their 3rd birthday and I did their room in Thomas the Tank as a surprise. When they walked in and saw the huge 
Great size, quality and colors!. This plate is the perfect size for general use. The colors are great, the quality is amazing, and they stand up well in the dishwasher 
Excellent dishware. You just can t go wrong with Fiestaware. It s sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily from table to dishwasher to cabinet . And if my rough-on-dishes family 
Wonderful and Reasonable. I was sick of all of my mismatched flatware some dating back to the 70 s! , so I browsed the reviews and saw that this set 
Saved our cat from drowning in our toilet!. Didn t take too long to put together, way cheaper than the pet stores and now we don t have to keep 
Panasonic MC-4620 Bagless Straight-Suction Canister Vacuum. I very much like this vacuum cleaner. It is small enough to manuver around the areas that I need to clean in my home.I 
I always come back to Farberware. For a stockpot there s no brand like Farberware. It s the workhorse of the industry. I love the covers as the edges drop 
Great smushy pillows. I bought two of these pillows. I just love feather pillows. The last set I bought were to crunchy and not soft enough for me.These pillows are 
Make bacon in your microwave. I ve used one of these for years. It is so easy, and the fat winds up in the tray, eliminating much of the unhealthy 
makes fantastic toast but doesn t match my stand mixer. This toaster makes the most evenly cooked toast I have ever seen. Even better than my 4 slot Cuisinart toaster. 
Frother Review. I had a rechargable frother that I purchased from Williams and Sonoma W&S and am quite pleased with it. My friend since 1956 who lives in Hartford CT 
The perfect little bowl... I have recently become a Fiestaware addict! I started with these cute little bowls, which I thought would be perfect for my three small children to 
Great mixer for the price. Very nice unit. I ve wanted to get one of these for a long time, but just didn t get around to it. At the 
Works for me!. The product came in a timely manner. It was easy to set up and suits my needs perfectly. I m glad I purchased it  
Lenox butterfly meadow creamer. This is a beautiful piece, the porcelain is thin and appears delicate but is heavy duty enough for the dishwasher  
Great product. The six cartriges I recieved will last me about a year. They make your razor smwll good, and also do a great job of lubricating the blades. The 
Great trash can for the price. The second one I ve purchased. Wish they didn t use so much glue on the front label. A real chore to remove.  
SPRAYING ended - LOVE this product. My home is home to four cats. They mostly get along with each other and with the dogs. However, my cat China, while sweet 
wonderful towels. These towels are my most favorite. They are baby soft, very absorbent and wash like a dream  
What do you do with a ton of ground meat?. You buy the Jerky Works. It worked great. I didnt realize that you could make jerky from ground meat. The 
a great, great knife. I really love this knife, especially the handle. It form fits into my palm and has a decent satisfying heft to it that some of my 
Elegant Highball Glasses. It looks very elegant with 4 5 full of iced beverage in the sunny afternoon kitchen. It feels so good while holding the glass and chatting with 
Glad we bought the Krups XP1500. I tried buying this item on line from a major dept store 3 days before Christmas. After they processed the order which included tax 
Attractive unit. I like unit because it doesn t look like other typical media storage units and can also function as non-media storage. You do need to be careful when 
New customer. Bought this product with a gift certificate from my children. I am very satisfied with the bowls. I give this product a high recommendation  
Exellent Value. The Pinzon 10-Piece Cookware Set that I recently purchased is an excellent value for anyone who is in the market for a new set of cookware  
Excellent product. The only drawback is that the directions don t make it clear that the shelf supports need to go on the uprights with the slanted edge up  
Definitely worth the money. I love mine! I use another item with rotating brushes for my deep mopping, but we use this little thing for daily clean-ups and have had 
STUNNING!. A stunning `pride of place plate to present all sorts of goodies on, hot or cold.Endless uses, but looks particularly superb with a selection of breads, along with the 
300 Count Sateen. Excellent. They are what they are. I am very pleased with them. How do you write up sheets? I am a guy. Twice a year they get 
Great stir fry!. My girlfriend and I absolutely love a good stir-fry. Beef, chicken, seafood, it doesn t matter. We eat it all. This pan does a great job at 
Love it so far!. I have gotten three hand me down machines in the last 2 months or so. The first my aunt couldnt get to work, the second she 
Very Good Product, Not Perfect. The Zevro Easy Morning Dual Dry Food Dispenser is a very good product. My five year old loves being able to easily get her own 
Chrome Microwave Cart. I found this item to be very useful. Although I do not have a microwave sitting on the top shelf, I still find it very sturdy for 
THE BEST. I think this is the best waffle maker for four on the market  
VERY PLEASED. After having read the positive comments, I purchased the F5914 from Amazon and it was delivered this week. I tried it today and I m very pleased with 
Stainless Steel paper towel holder. Excellent product, just as described. It is a very sturdy holder  
We love this french oven!. We were reluctant to spend the money on this french oven but it was worth every penny. It heats up evenly and browns meat beautifully. 
Great Pet Gate. Easy to install and fits in any door in my house. Perfect for my Chihuahua to go in and out of while the other dogs stay out. 
Great pan. One of the best frying pan I ve ever owned. It cooks evenly, cleans easily and looks classy.  
Why not?. --If you have tried french press before and are looking for a good one, there is no reason to look elsewhere. I have not tried any other models 
GREAT Price 4 an EXCELLENT Pan. i brought this and it is worth every penny of it ...i use it to fry chicken breast for chicken marsala, and it can 
The best DVD tower. For quite a while I had been looking for a certain type of DVD rack tower...then one day in Target I was looking at the Mission 
Excellent Quality and Value. I have enjoyed wine served in Spiegelau stemware at several of my favorite restaurants, so I decided to give them a try. For the price, these 
Great machine - but buy it reconditioned. I ve had my eye on this for a long time, but couldn t justify over one and half thousand dollars for it. 
Ecellent cookware. The Le Creuset 3-1 2 quart buffet casserole is the best piece of cookware I have ever purchased. The quality is apparent as soon as you grab it 
Very Satisfied. I love this tea pot. I have been using it for about 2 months now. It is innovative and user friendly. What s so great about this pot 
Excellent Buy. I was skeptical to buy this product because of the bad review I saw on it however I was never one to trust the views of other people 
All-Clad Pots are tops!. All clad pots are wonderful. The shorter pans with thick-cored bottoms make excellent jam pots as they deliver very good heat distribution. Good heat distribution is 
Excellent cutlery from a respected maker. I bought this set for my wife for Christmas, mainly because I was stuck on ideas as to what to get her. She spends 
Great little heater even if not perfect. I inherited this heater and admit that I wanted it for sentimental value but I love it now! Having the ability to target 
Flour power. it is a little loud but gets the job done without making your arm tired like old school sifters  
Getting the most from your favorite bourbon. I did some research on these glasses before deciding to purchase them. The Riedel company has an outstanding reputation for creating elegant glassware 
My Dog fights the cat for this toy!!!. Let me tell you this toy is not only great for cats but also dogs. The crackle factor is what they both 
Know your water. Love the unit itself, however after 3 days of running it only 8 hours a night, I noticed the filter guage was saying Replace Filter So I 
Fun soup bowls save my lunch when the phone rings. These bowls are ideal for spaghetti or soup and so many things. I like the wide lip that helps prevent 
Seems to work great!. My cat has always been high strung and just plain mean. She growled, hissed, slapped, bit - you name it. So when someone recommended Feliway to 
Not like an outdoor grill, but quick & easy. We like it !. Very easy to use and easy to clean, especially if I remember to spray the grill as 
Great upgrade from a mop. Having a whole house 1600 sq ft of tiled floor with area rugs we spent a lot of time mopping. This little cleaner makes it 
Drinkwell filters. Quick delivery. Reasonable price. Item could not be found elsewhere for this price.  
Best Buy for Every Day Wine Use. I was impressed by this new arrival because of the Brand name Reidel and was looking for a glasss for drop in guests 
Great Quality and Value. I bought the first set because they seemed well priced compared to the terrycloth style we usually use. They are of high quality, good color and 
Salton Tea Maker. This tea maker makes delicous tea. The unit is light-weight and the price was great. Our only complaint with it is the security of the basket filter 
No. 1 Choice. Have used Corelle Dishes for over 30 years. It is easy to wash, stack, and dry. Corelle nests in relatively little space in your cupboards. My entire 
Great addition to my collection. I just got this lovely lasagna baker FREE by buying another 4 place settings to add to the 12 I already own in the Gold 
Wonderful product!. I have 3 cats and have owned the other brand named pet fountain with the filtration system. I gave up on it after the constant cleanings, and the 
Good blades, nice feel. I was surprised at the quality of these knives for the price. I was not prepared to spend a rediculous amount of money on a knife 
Gorgeous Print. The best rooster print I ve seen yet. While they could be made out of a more durable material stoneware would be nice they are absolutely gorgeous. After 
Hours of Enjoyment. This toy has provided countless hours of enjoyment for our dog. We have a 65lb labrador greyhound mix. She eats most toys and is not fond of 
Beautiful!. I can not begin to express how pleased I am with my new tray. It arrived in perfect condition. It s both beautiful and well made. My husband s 
Bam! What a pan.... I added this sauce pan to my cookware collection recently. I was looking for stainless steel because I feel that for a saucepan this is the 
Hard to Clean. Le Creuset cast-iron products really conduct the heat and are great products to have in the kitchen. One drawback, they can be difficult to clean. If you 
Great size, quality and colors!. This plate is the perfect size for general use. The colors are great, the quality is amazing, and they stand up well in the dishwasher 
Does it do everything? No, but close. Can you believe a microwave that will brown chicken? I ve cooked things in this that makes me seem like a gourmet chef, 
Love Our Lodge. We love to cook and we have all the expensive stuff - we love nothing more than our cast iron and Lodge makes great ones at decent 
Fabulous!. I love these knives. I have spent the last year or so looking at knive sets. There are some very expensive ones out on the market! I was so-so 
sink strainer. We like using our sink strainer, it is very handy.It is a good size to fit most things we need to getrinsed. Plus it has an adjustable feature 
Best Amazon purchase EVER! Best vacuum EVER!. I ve had all types of vacuums from the dirt devils to bissel to beam to electrolux to kirby. This by far is 
What happened to the other color?. I have one in a dark color. I can t find anymore anywhere. Anyone know if they stopped making the other color  
Great iced tea pitcher BUT... The &quot;BUT&quot; stands for my sincere wish that the pitcher was about 50 larger and that the plastic of which it is made was just 
Love my Whirley-Pop. I use my Whirley Pop every day. I bought a 50 lb bag of popcorn from Sams as my niece suggested. I go to Weight Watchers so 
I bought another!!!. I don t have a Dualit toaster, but I do have a single wide slot Cusinart toaster so I thought I d take a chance on this 
Great Deal. This knives are great. I got a Great deal on them and they are good quality.  
great products. used vet s RX to treat my dog s ear and it didnt seem to work. After reading reviews I decided to try this . After only 1 
Dude. You gotta get these sheets!. I ve never bought sheets in my life...till now. What I had in my closet were the assorted Christmas gifts, etc, thru the years. 
Typhoon Professional Cook s Wire Skimmer. This item is very well made and will last a lifetime. Easy to handle to get food out of hot oil without hands being 
Chef Recommends! Great professional quality knives at a reasonable cost. Okay, so I m not a chef, but more of a Seinfeld fan. I am an amatuer who wanted to 
Richell one-touch adjustable gate. I really am truly satisfied with this product. The dimmension where it set up is different at top and bottom due to the base boards. The 
A really good canister. I love Fiestaware and these canisters go perfectly in my kitchen. I like that they are large enough to get a decent amount of flour and 
what a great bet-sitting pillow. I am often writing 12-18 hours some days. I learnt long ago that sitting at a PC was killing me. Legs often had swelling, worse 
Sango Nova Blue Ceramic Spoon Rest. Great! I love it!! Goes great with my kitchen  
Excellent Specialty Knife. When I began collecting Wsthof-Trident Classic knives twenty years ago, I chose the basics first: cook s knives, parers, slicers, utility knives, steak knives, boning &amp; filet 
Great Little Heater. I bought this heater to put it under my desk at work. Heats really well, and worths the money. The only problem that I have observed is 
Luxury features I never expected for this price, never. Power-level settings of 100 , 90 , and right on down--I am amazed. I think the very-low settings are for drying 
Great filters. The filter for my Hoover Floormate was getting dirtier and dirtier. I had washed them many times but it was time to get a new one. Imagine my 
Better than Expected performance with this Table Cloth. At the last minute before Thanksgiving 06, My Mom decided she had to have a brand new Table cloth. She ordered two 
lupine collars are the best we ve found!. This collar is bright and pretty, but more importantly, it is strong.A year ago I had my dog break out of a 
Simply amazing cookware. I was so excited to receive my new cookware. After reading others reviews and how much they recommended this set, I must fully agree with them. It 
WOW!. I read the reviews on this item, and everyone loved it except one person. Still, I decided to try it. I love it!! It really makes the room. First 
THE AWESOME Euro Cuisine YM80 Yogurt Maker. This yogurt maker is wonderful! Easy to follow directions and all the yogurt I ve made has been sooooooo much better than store 
A Great Saut Pan for Those Large Portions. I got my 6 quart All Clad Stainless saut pan about a month ago and I ve been using it frequently. I 
Sturdy and hassle free. This is an excellent egg slicer. The metal is sharp and eggs are sliced cleanly all the way through, it s easy to clean and quite 
After two weeks, I m learning to roast coffee with I-Roast 2. After a few hours on the Internet reading reviews and learning about roasting, I purchased the I-Roast 2. 
Great Set. This set has worked out very well for my needs. It is a nice collection. The various sizes with lids is really nice. They have held up well 
gravy strainer. this is the best grease remover I have every used. It is very easy to clean  
Happy. I was very happy to receive the flutes in such a timely manner. They were safely packaged and sent very quickly.I had been shopping for these flutes to match 
Excellent cutting board. I was pleasantly surprised. The craftmanship of this board is better than I thought it would be. I was skeptical about the harder than maple claim, but 
hey, they work!. I was alittle skeptical buying these. But they seem to be working great  
great. love it! rechargeable, seems to last better than battery operated ones. The design has improved too. I have had two of them. I love how you can dismantle this 
Decent set for the right price. This set of knives is beautifull. They are sturdy and very well made. The price is well worth the product and I think it 
Perfect for My Office Desk. I purchased this little machine to be used on my office desk. After a week of daily work day use, I have no major complaints. 
A most convenient appliance. This appliance is a little marvel: elegant design, barely audible, much more discrete than a ceiling fan and very efficient to recuperate the hot air trapped 
Analon Rocks!. I ve had the eight piece set for a year and a half now, and this pan sold without the lid for about two years. They re all 
great pillow. If you ve ever been to any normal store that has pillows, you ll know that finding a body pillow that wont die in 5 seconds is hard. 
Great Product. I am very pleased with these sheets. They are deep fitting sheets, so they never came loose from the mattresss. I gave them a 4 of 5 because 
Solid!. These bowls are nice. Perfect for soup, dessert, salad, or whatever. Well, I like big salads, so they re a little small for MY salads. But they re great 
I love this bowl!. I love this serving bowl. I used it to store my various fruit when I was single. Now, spending my first holiday with my new husband, 
A good value!. I purchased one of these yesterday and I am very happy with it. It moves a lot of air, and it is fairly quiet. Anything with a 
I Wish I d Bought Feliway A Long Time Ago... To the Feliway product description information above, I would also add, Aids in calming cats...who manage stressful chronic health conditions. 
Very nice, but sorta SMALL... This is a neat little filter, and I mean LITTLE! The cone-part hangs down 2.5 into the cup, and is 1.75 around at the top, 
well above 5 stars. The best interactive toy available. 10 stars. My pug loves this toy better than all the rest of this kind. He jumps to pull the beas 
Waterproof Pad. I m sure this waterproof pad would be exceptional for most instances. It just couldn t handle the demands placed on it by our thirteen year old son. 
Great Slicer. I think this is a great slicer for the price. I am a cook by occupation and I bought one of these for my small restaurant. I liked 
in accurate picture comfortable loveseat. two points that have me disappointed with this item are: the color of this loveseat is actually a lot darker in person than depicted in 
Very elegant. This decanter brings style to the table! One star deduction for difficult to clean. The design is simple but elegant - good german quality  
Rockies Imperial Goose Down 700-750. Excellent comforter and really nice and warm. Sorry I did not buy it last winter  
Best Decemberween present EVER!. I can t believe someone thinks these gorgeous glasses are ugly! Oh my god...I opened these and I cried they are so beautiful. Each glass has 
Incredible piece of kitchen luxury. I have oogled Le Creuset dutch ovens since I first became a fan of Ina Garten, and I was spoiled enough to receive one as 
A pillow for pregnant women. I bought this pillow for one reason...headaches. I recently became pregnant with my second child and was advised to sleep on my left side.Which would 
Great organizing tool. I got this out of frustration of trying to find places to charge all of our gadgets. We had cords and gadgets everywhere! Two PDAs, two cell 
very satisfied. This is a replacement for the same model I had before. I ve had the old one for about 5 years and the only problem I had was 
A nice set - lids are fairly tight and they re nice and heavy. I liked them alot and I think they re good for the sale price I paid 
It works!. Perfect light for a night-time light. The light covers the entire room but is not so bright that it over-powers your night-time eyes  
Best Alarm I Ever Had. I don t know what the person with the one star was talking about but was so wrong. This alarm is very loud. Not only 
Not diswaher safe. Works swell. Put it in the dishwasher and the plunger ballooned out so I couldn t use it. Cleaning is a hassel. It takes 10 minutes to 
replacement filter. This was hard to find at stores and easy to get at Amazon. Thank  
Loved by cat, very quiet, easy to refill. This is the first fountain I d bought, but our 17 year-old cat kept making a mess in the old water dish 
very handy - I want TWO sets. These canisters are great. I intend to buy a second set. They keep food fresh, convenient, and much tidier than the packages you 
Great product. This product is great. It helped me organize my closet space and my shoes fit perfectly in the slots  
Cost and Performance. For a cost like that, you got really nice performance and functionality  
Love Seat Throw. For the price, this is a good buy. Note: It is a throw and not a cover  
Missing Link Plus. My breeder recommended Missing Link many years ago for my dogs, who were fairly young at the time, and I began using it. My dogs coats were 
Great bowls. These bowls have been in my home for a few years now. We have used them for cereal in the morning for warming up food in the microwave. 
I bought two more after liking the first so well. I ve read the various reviews. I can t comment on the experience of other people, but here s mine. 
Good, but nothing like a commercial cleaning. This machine is probably one of the best for household cleaning, but don t expect it to turn out like a professional job. 
My two cats love this. We had the older smaller version and one cat liked it and the other didn t. But they both like this one.Why? I think it 
Great Electric Kettle. I have owned this kettle for several days, and it is somewhat quiet. The water boils relatively fast. I like the lid, which makes it easy to 
Great Dog Bed!. Our German Shepherd LOVES this big comfy corner bed. It is big enough for her to stretch out and fluffs up easily to make a very soft 
Yogurt Maker. I got this as a gift because I have always wanted to make my own yogurt. What a great gift. Since I got it almost a month ago 
Great for on the go. I bought this a few months ago and have not stopped using it since. I get up real early in the morning to go to 
Garlic Obsessed~!. I put this in the microwave for 1 minute and out comes the most delicious cooked garlic! You don t have to add anything to it! Cooked garlic, 
Better Than Five Stars!!!. I believe if you re serious about cooking, you should own great cookware and excellent knives. I finally stepped up and got excellent knives. For those 
OK for NYC water. NYC water clogs faucet filters fast. I ve tried a few systems and so far this one has lasted the longest. It ll go for a 
love the prompt and secured service from Amazon. Though I have not tried the juicer yet, but i could not pass off the price  
Amazing. This little gadget is the best thing to come on the market since widgets. It doesn t look like much but the spoon fits easily in it and all 
Dachshund Delight!. Wonderful! Made wiener dog cookies for Christmas and they were a BIG hit [even for a small dog]. Even our real dachshund, Bailey, wanted to try these adorable 
Sensible and easy to clean. This is the perfect size for most uses in the kitchen, especially for crushing spices or herbs. The mortar s non-porous surface is also great 
Outstanding Value. For the low price, these are top notch! The color is rich, the weight & feel of the fabric is very rich. I have had mine since January 
High End Quality at a Great Price. I was pleasantly surprised to find this on Amazon. I had seen these in high-end retailers for 150 and more, plus shipping. On 
WORKS PERFECTLY. I use it OVER my bedsheets to keep them clean and dry when my slobbery lab uses my bed as hers. Works just great, stays put even over 
Well Worth the price. Have used pressure cookers for years and this is one of the best. All parts easily washed, even cooking, very heavy stainless steel construction. 2.5 is 
I love it!. I really like this product, the time it takes to make homemade french fries is cut more than half. I have also used it for veggie and 
Great shakers!. What a nice addition to your table! They re quite pretty and very easy to grab, especially for those with arthritis and for toddlers, without them spilling all 
Fantastic sharpener. We bought this particular sharpener because it was rated the best electric knife sharpener by Cook s Illustrated magazine. We are extremely happy with the product and what 
Good quality. I got this at a very good price and I recommend it highly. I had another one before but dropped it and broke it. i use it all 
Absolutely beautiful. This wedding cake topper is absolutely beautiful and stands alone as a wonderful keepsake. My daughter was so surprised when her father and I presented to her.  
Great price, nice to be able to buy single bowl. I cook and freeze a lot of meals for my husband, who often works late. I won t use Tupperware 
Napkin holder that works. No matter the number of napkins, this holder adjusts to hold them neatly. And you can even fold down one side so that it becomes an 
Fantastic Reading Light. I love this light! I spend hours reading in bed each week and this light is just perfect since it shines a perfect amount of light over 
Dirt Devil M08245 Power Reach. This is the best vacuum on the market for removing cat hair from your furniture and bedspread. It is far above using a pet hair 
Simply the best. Here I have a refurbished Palinato X3; textured, very hardy stainless; and a good bargain with no cosmetic flaws, -170 to start 6 mo warranty .But let 
Loved the flute glasses. I am so pleased at the Waterford glasses I ordered for my daughter. I was worried about the shipping but they were packed in 4 layers 
Perfect in Every Way. If you re a coffee lover but the ONLY one in your house, this coffee maker is perfect for you. I use mine every day. It 
No More Rug Doctor. After years of renting Rug Doctors, we decided to buy our own carpet cleaner. We were also motivated by having two dogs who bring too much 
Famous Maker Towel Set. I m impressed with the quality of these towels. I purchased them because I needed hunter green and could not find that color locally. They are 
Excellent Price Plus Bonus!. How did this arrive so quickly? It was shipped yesterday and was on my doorstep today. This was a great deal--for some reason the blue was 
Great. These storage bowls have been a nice addition to my dish collection. They came in great shape and have been useful. They go from firdge to microwave to the 
Worked great for us!. We have four dogs, and they re pretty good at working each other into a frenzy of barking. One of our neighbors strongly suggested this product 
So far, so good!. I just got my Flip It yesterday and after a trial run I am very pleased! I have Pergo laminate floors and I have tried everything 
Great. Great size which stores several loaves of bread or bagels. Cutting board gets stuck sometimes  
SPECIAL GIFT. Bought these for our son-in-law for Chrismas and he loved them. I wished I had ordered two sets !!! Maybe next time  
Fantastic Can Opener 2 Years and Going Strong. We re coming up on two years of steady use with this little jewel and very happy with it. It takes a 
Toastylicious. As much as a toaster can, this one makes me happy : It toasts evenly, and seems to be very well made in a tres cute-sturdy-classy way. The crumb 
A good product. The quality is pretty good. But the actual color is much brighter than it is shown on the website  
Wonderful -- and VERY LARGE. These glasses are really wonderful for enjoying red wine. Their very large bowls really help the air exposure that brings out the flavors in a 
Unbelievable!!. I ve been an amazon customer for about a decade now, but this is the first time I ve written a review. I feel I just have to. This 
Great laundry basket!. Each of the 3 compartments holds almost a full load of laundry. The unit is skinny enough for a small laundry room. It was easy to put 
simple. This product is a real convience for someone who uses alot of hard or soft boiled eggs. Easy to clean. I never have to worry about not hearing the 
The ULTIMATE pillow. This is the only pillow I have ever found, regardless of price, that gives me complete sleeping comfort. This pillow and I go back many, many years 
Good value. I am fairly pleased with this end table. I purchased two end tables for our family room to match the coffee table. I very much like the style, 
Very good use. It is nice and pretty good to use. Food and liquid it is very easy to take it off. I am satisfied with the product  
Wonderful Gift Lazy Susan. I recently got married and for one of my wedding gifts I got a pretty expensive 17 inch solid wood lazy susan. Well when I moved 
Compact, Sturdy and Easy to use. Best deal for the money. Folds up easy. We use it in the kitchen to reach high places, it folds up and slides easily 
great cutting board. when this cutting board arrived i took it out of its box, placed it over my stove top, laid my head on it and laughed from sheer 
Form proceeds function with this set of dishes. I fell in love with the graceful lines and understated elegance of this set. But when the pieces were delivered it quickly 
Filter for hard water. Still allows some dust deposits. Live in AZ and don t have water softener. Need to change more often than recommended  
Great vacuum. Cleans like crazy. Pros:Easy to use. Very adaptable system. Tools and manual cleaning system are at your fingertips. Very long power cord and attachment hose. Incredible suction. Emptying 
Nice pillow. Just like it s rated this pillow is worth the cost. It does take a few days to get use to but when you do it s great 
Emma, the chocolate lab, can t play with this enough. Can a retriever have too much fun with a toy??  
Beautiful addition to collection. I purchased this for my mother after she bought the set of dishes at the Lenox outlet store. It is just adorable! This is a great 
I m cookin fer a livin and... Picked up 2 of deez bad lil sauce pans for work and they perform as well as my solid copper Mauviel. Quick heat 
A great product!. My son desperately loves anything Star Wars, but being as he is only 5, we limit him on what he can have. The Galactic Heroes collection is 
Great little piece at a teaser price!. I have to say that I am very happy with my All-Clad Ltd pieces, including this little fry pan. Because of the price, 
Couldn t live without it. I have had my tea maker for 6 years and use it all the time. I have used other tea makers at my Mom s 
It s worth every penny... If you love crepes and enjoy making all kinds of recipes with them, you absolutely should invest in this pan. I say invest because it 
Plates Are Good, thats about it. I bought these during an amazon one day sale for 35, me and my girlfriend are soon looking to get our own place and 
Great Product at a Great Price. I am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys quality cookware  
Gorgeous, well-made, but. . . Only 4 stars because the side holes are so large that smaller apples and tangerines fall right through. It is an incredible value for the 
Easy to use, I reach for these first. I ve been using these for a couple of months and every nasty, gloppy mess I throw in it, including shortening, butter, 
Simply the best!. Le Creuset has one of the best reputations out there, coming from professional chefs to the everyday at home chef. Le Creuset has quality, durability and beauty. 
Pretty good. I really like this product. My only complaint with it is that it doesn t quite fit my faucet. But I like the space it allows for and 
Yet another wonderful knife from Henckels... Henckels knives are quality - you can tell just by the feel of their knives. This line is also weighty, and balance just right 
Good functional furniture for the price. Vietnamese rubberwood filing cabinet and printer stand. Not bad to look at, easy to assemble, all parts fit, drawer opens easily and closes square. 
Good deal. This product was shipped promptly and was very easy to assemble. It is economical for students and is everything the website described.  
This is a great mulyi-purpose knife. We have many of fine German knives in our kitchen but this one is our all time favorite. We grab this little gem any 
Buy a Bigger size. I really love these sheets. After I bought the sheets I read other peoples reviews, because I was new to amazon and didnt realize there were 
I agree. I agree with the previous 5 reviews. I do want to add a liddle aggravation to me, in that it is made in China. Arrggh! Don t we 
Supercute & cooks a mean pot roast!. LOVE it. Nice design. Keeps the meat tender & juicy. Comes with a tupperware-like lid that seals up your left-overs for easy storage 
Excellent. Item was as described and arrived flawless. Krups directions are a little hard fague to understand  
It does what it s supposed to. Does it look and feel cheap? Yes! Does it do exactly what I expect it to? Make coffee automatically at a pre-programmed time 
Groovy!. Kitchenaid makes the best kitchen stuff! I have had this for about a year and it is still as sharp as ever! My family eats pizza a lot and 
This Is The Heater. I ll try and make a long story short.My 3 year old son sleeps in a cold part of the house but he refuses to put 
Great Little Sweeper. Just read the reviews of the Bissell 2800B Sweeper. I ve had mine, now, for a year and a half, and I think it does a great 
Awesome Reading Light. This has been the best reading light we have seen so far! We have purchased several trying to find one that was durable and met our needs, 
Great Pet Fountain Filter. It was a delight to order this item and it was handled very fast and efficentially!!! Thanks for the prompt attention to the order  
Mine s in 1 piece and works great. I m with Amalfi girl. I have this pan and it works great- most importantly, the lid is heavy enough to weigh 
Finally, a handle fit for human beings!. If you ve bought Fiestaware place settings in the past, you ve surely noticed the awkward shape of the coffee mugs of yore. 
Carry your Dutch Oven in style. This tote bag is made to carry and protect your beloved dutch oven.Why a tote bag you may ask? It not only protects your 
Great set but the picture made these appear bigger then the reality, still worth it!. Even though the sizes are listed I missed that and from the picture thought they 
Great new Gaggia Super!!. I just purchased the Gaggia Titanium, and boy, what a machine! This thing is idiot-proof, not to mention it looks great on my counter top! I 
Shower Filter that works. I never knew the difference in water by location, until I visited LA. After showering down there, my skin became very dry. I did some research 
Kind of big!. I love this plate, and it s good for serving something like roast chicken, but it s too big for everyday use, so it sits in my 
Chef s Choice M130 knife sharpener. I cook all the dinners here at home, and sharp knives are an asset in the kitchen. A word of warning from the manufacturer 
One Size Wont Fit All. A fabulous wok by appearances but for us it has yet to be seasoned inasmuch as we are researching alternative wok rings for our 30 
coffee in a fun cup. What people don t think about is how hot chocolate works just as well as coffee in a coffee mug. I m not a coffee 
2006 Xmas. Salton s Hot Spot warmers were a hit with both of the adult computer users who received them. Consistently hot beverages at your elbow? These gifts earned sincere 
If you have an army to feed, this is the one. This pot is HUGE. You could probobly cook 6-8 lobsters or have an awsome clam bake with it. It 
SCOOBA. Amazed at how clean and polished my new wood floors looked. I have been a Roomba fan for years, and this is a wonderful addition to my robotic clan 
The Best. It is just like having a diaper genie for babies, makes it much cleaner  
A great pan. I have quite a few pieces of cast iron and this pan is one of my favorites. It works great for thin crispy crust pizza but it 
Economical - great for a crowd. If you don t care about show, these industrial looking butter warmers are great. Slight problem is the flame may be a little too 
Good basic coffee maker. If you re looking for a good basic coffee maker with a timer this is it! Not expensive, not fancy but works and makes a decent 
49erbabe. Don t hesitate to buy this light weight blanket. It is wonderfully made; the reason I m giving it a 5 rating is that it fits my California King 
Great rice cooker. I had used a Panasonic rice cooker that is similar to this one. It worked great for nearly 10 years and finally the non-sticky layer was worn 
Great experience, solid product. Received exactly what I ordered when I expected it. This is a good quality vinyl and pretty print  
Much better than the usual Target furniture. It was a joy not to have to hassle with those stupid cams and parts than don t fit although the bottom feet, 
EXCELLENT AND COMFORTABLE.. ONE OF A KIND READING PILLOW.. The BedLounge has so many useful features. I especially like the movable lumbar pillow, adjustable headrest and the longer arms that 
greatest Sharpening System. I ve owned many sharpening devices and I have, before the FURI knife sharpening system, used a steel to keep my Chicago Cutlery honed. I have a 
Say Cheese!. This is a great product, especially for starting a dinner party or a cheese &amp; wine gathering. The recessed well has plenty of room for crackers or fruit, 
Wonderful little dish with a million uses. I bought this to use for brown bagging but have used it for so much more. THis little dish is great for storing 
Just Right. Makes short work of much grating. The best with which I ve ever worked  
For the money, you can t beat it!. I have to agree with everyone else, save one reviewer. I LOVE this piece of furniture. It s a lovely piece, and 
They DO bend after a while. I ve used these for months to protect tile countertops and they basically work except they start bending after a while on the edges 
Top Notch. Works just great. A plus is that the gray frame surrounding the toasting slots is metal rather than plastic. I also like its appearance style so much better 
Great Product. This filtration system has changed the taste of my tap water into something worth drinking. I am happy with it, and recommend it highly  
Super Easy to install. Gets all the magazine off the back of the toilet and looks grea  
So useful for food and item storage!. I bought this pair - initially - for salad storage we make a week s worth at a time but I ve decided 
Loaf Pans. If you are serious about baking bread, then this is the loaf pan for you. They are slighly larger than the normal glass loaf pan. Although you may 
A Pan I Use All the Time. Although called a stir-fry pan by the manufacturer, this is actually a good general-use pan for tasks like making risotto and cooking various 
Pretty cool and efficient humidifier... I ve owned this humidifier for a couple of months now. The features that I like best about it are: it regulates the ambient humidity 
The Garbage Disposal is NOT Your Friend. Oh, little piece of metal and rubber! You make my morning latte yummy and frothy. How I love you so. If only you 
great filter. it works as advertised, does a very good job and is worth the money  
This is the way cast iron was meant to be. Yeah, I tried seasoning a cast iron frying pan, never washed it just scrubbed it out with salt. It was 
Great Quality and Value. I bought the first set because they seemed well priced compared to the terrycloth style we usually use. They are of high quality, good color and 
Great little pig!. I use this alot and enjoy it. I also use it for grill cheese sandwhiches and it works great.It cleans up nicely.  
Bean Bag Chair. Fantastic!! Great product and great customer service. My daughter just loves it  
First Fondue set A . As this is my first Fondue set and never had owned one before. It was easy to set-up an clean-up was not bad. I tried 
Georgetown End Tables. I purchased two of these last Saturday. I LOVE THEM!! The first table only took 30 min and the second 10 minutes!! Would have given a 5 
2001 model still going strong! Great espresso. Having worn out a Capresso machine after daily brewing 4-6 shots of espresso in making lattes cappuccinos, etc. I went looking for a 
Swiss Diamond Cast-Aluminum Nonstick 12-1 2-Inch Fry Pan. WOW! What a terrific skillet! I have stayed away from nonstick cookware for many years; because in time, the finish always starts 
Old way still the best. Some may wonder why bother when seltzer water comes in bottles.1. Makes excellent, high-quality carbonated water. For a TRUE diet soda without chemicals, or add 
barbie vacume cleaner. My daughter loves it. She is 8 and now she vacumes all the time. I works really well. You do have to charge it quite a bit. 
The BEST measuring cup. If you like a product that is light weight, sturdy and aesthetically pleasing, then this is the measuring cup for you.The difference in use between this 
Great for fruits. This item is great for high acid foods fruits , but as a beginner I wasn t aware that you can t use it to put up 
Great Juicer. This is my second juicer. I had a waring pro before this, and thought that one was good. But after getting this one, I am pleasantly surprised with 
Love it. This thing is great...its big, it s metal and its red! What can you really say about a coffee maker. It works and it looks great in my 
Easy Assembling, Excellent Materials..... It was easy for me to assemble it.It looks like luxury outdoor furniture in my house.  
Cat loves them - I m getting more!. My cat is obsessed with these mice and I find them in piles under the couch and tv stand. I m actually 
If yours needs fixing... I bought 2 for friends for Christmas and neither worked... the problem is the plastic tube inside the pump handle gets a memory kink in it 
49erbabe. Don t hesitate to buy this light weight blanket. It is wonderfully made; the reason I m giving it a 5 rating is that it fits my California King 
WORKS PERFECTLY. I use it OVER my bedsheets to keep them clean and dry when my slobbery lab uses my bed as hers. Works just great, stays put even over 
Outstanding Product. My fiance can t sleep without noise, so he s always used a desk fan to help him sleep. I m not overly fond of a fan blowing 
Agree with 5 rating. I ve been looking for a good insulated 20 oz. mug for a few years and never could find what I wanted in stainless steel in 
Better Than Anticipated. I thought, 5 towels for 10 bucks? How nice could they be?Well, surprisingly enough, quite nice. They are high quality and oversized. Unlike many kitchen towels that 
biscuit cutters. these were exactly what I was looking for. The are tin and sturdy... I also cook eggs in them to make them round for the biscuits! Thanks!  
Nice Kittle. The kittle looks good and I tried, it was not very fast but was accepted.  
Great product, incredible packaging. Please read the review I just sent for the Turquoise set. I am thrilled about the packaging and so happy that you didn t use styrofoam. 
Brilliant!. This knife tray is a brilliant concept. We happen to have more drawer space than needed, so to have a knife block that safely stores our steak santoku knives 
Excellent!. This product was in perfect, safe packaging and was delivered promptly. THank you! Jennife  
Great item!. Having problems hanging your family photos? This is the perfect product and inexpensive. Sooooooo easy...  
Rachael Rocks! So do her knives!. These are my second set of Rachael Ray knives and I could nt be happier.They are super sharp and they cut through everything really 
Nice blanket. My son loves it. It s not as soft as I would have hoped for, but it works just fine.  
Fulcrum Multi Flex Book Light. Light works great...easy to use, clips on back of book.  
Floormate. Works great-you can use soap a drop and water with it but for best results use the hoover cleane  
Very comfortable!. Feels great! Never thought a sheet would make me sleep so much better.  
A fabulous burrow bed!. I m EXTREMELY pleased with this bed, so much so that we ordered a second one as we have a large house . We have a 
Homemaker. This is the best mixer I have ever owned and I have been a Homemaker for 40 years. I love the many different speeds. It has a build in 
Great product!. This Cuisinart Griddler is great! I ve had it for about 3 months now and I use it almost every day. As a single man I need to 
Like the festive colors.. Enjoy the different colors, able to mix and match to suit moods or food being served. They seem to wear well and be chip resistant. The 
Great transaction!. Smooth transaction! I got my order very quickly! I would buy from again  
so simple it s ridiculous. I have owned several different espresso makers from krups to capresso to nespresso. I have also had a capresso frother which I had to return 
Oops... Bleach apparently does not ruin these as I found out this week when I was washing other sheets and this happened to get mixed up in a white sheet.Instead, 
IT S THE CATS MEOW!!. We have 14 wonderful felines, only two are strictly inside, and two are inside outside, the rest like to stay outside. The inside and inside 
Sharp R-820JS .9-Cubic Foot Grill 2 Convection Microwave, Silver. Great all around microwave for singles. The only thing it does not do well is microwave popcorn  
Fabulous. I really love this whole line. I made Cuban Sandwiches with mine and was really pleased with how they turnes out. I am also big on the aesthetic look 
1100 WATT MICROWAVE OVEN. SO FAR THIS PRODUCT IS WORKING FINE, HAS PLENTY OF POWER. HEATS FOOD IN A FLASH. VERY GOOD QUALITY FOR THE PRICE I PAID FOR I 
Amazon rules!. I am very happy with my new Hamilton Beach Blender. The price was attractive, and your service is great! I received my product in a couple days, it 
Happy Time for Families. The waffler works great. Effective for those who multi-task. The bell reminds me when to add batter or when I must remove a waffle. The box 
Great item..... This item is a must have !! It s light weight, and cleans well. I love it  
PERFECTING FOR PERFECTIONIST IN HER PERFECT BED ROOM. I just got mine today, loved it, bought 5 more in different sized. What I loved about was the sense of freshness 
Vaccum Review. Overall, it was a good choice. It s got great suction and I like the fact that there are no bags. The only negative is that it is 
 More than adequate for the price . I was downsizing when I purchased this microwave--both in size and in heat content. My biggest satisfaction with this product was that 
Cosco jumbo stool. This is a sturdy and attractive stool, excellent for seating while working in the kitchen, as well as for getting to the out of reach cabinet shelves. 
Nice!. It s great for the price. So far so good. Heats water fast, light weight  
For Kittens of All Ages. Do you have a kitten? Or perhaps a cat that THINKS he s a kitten even though his whiskers are turning gray?This IS the toy 
Nice looking but not rugged. A nice looking product,great for cutting soft foods like bananas but for serious kitchen use this board falls short- it s prone to slipping down 
Nice dish. Works great and the handle on top is a much needed feature. My old butter dish not fiestaware did not have one of these and that is how 
Was skeptical, but not anymore!. I was worried that these collars would somehow allow them to choke because they don t break away , they open. I thought that maybe 
Large, Big, or huge Pot?. Make sure you really understand the size of this pot before ordering, I mean this thing is huge. Said that, I like it all arround, 
So far, so good!. I ve got two little ones, a 2 year old boy, and a 3 year old girl. My first worry after reading many of the reviews 
77 stitches?. I received my new sewing machine and love the way it works. I am not in love with the confusing directions on the sewing stitch functions. To the 
I love this little salt server!. When I was looking, I found it hard to find something that was small and attractive. Most are way too large for my kitchen 
Perfect toast!!! What more could you ask for?. This toaster is everything I was hoping for. It was well priced for a dualit product, looks great in my kitchen and 
An excellent lightweight vacuum. I didn t expect this vacuum to be as economical as it turned out.It s lightweight and has a powerful motor. Picks up dog hair well 
Best money I ve spent for the kitchen in years. I have owned a variety of cookware from cast-iron skillets to fancy-name porcelain pots. Almost all have frustrated me to 
Chopped ice and a conversation piece. Since we do not have a through the door ice dispenser with an automatic ice crusher, yet had a pressing need for crushed ice 
Fantastic dishes!. Love these dishes - my family has them at our summer cottage original ones of course and that I can buy the reissues for my house, and at 
Great Knives. These knives have a good feel to them. They are very sharp and I expect they will last a long time. Okay the packaging was a little cheep 
Good product, Good Value. This is a significant improvement over the 750 model. The 750 model was not very well designed. The first one we purchased broke within 3 days 
Great Sleep. These pillows are the best. They are so soft, give great head support. For the first time in years I did not wake up with neck pain from 
Excellent-. I have owned a cuisinart stock pot for several years and use it all the time. One can not beat the sear that a stainless pot provides. The new 
Very Pleased. I was very pleased with this product. I gave them as a present. The only reason I did not give a five star is because I ordered three 
Hoover FloorMate. Overall, the unit is very good. However, the newer model has spinning brushes which makes cleaning a breeze. This one takes a little elbow grease but definitely does 
It works!. I used the Zorb in high traffic area. It removes dirt and the carpet looks new after Zorb cleaning. I applies twice a year on the high traffic 
Stoneware Casserole. This is a high-fired stoneware casserole. Its non-porous enamel is same as on iron cast pots by Le Creuset and it looks great. Because it is stoneware, it 
Powerful fan!. This fan is so powerful. Even on low, it is impressive. Easy assembly, feels sturdy, and I love the remote and timer. The only cons are that you 
good. I wish they were a little bigger, but i like that they are stackable and come with the organizer. it was worth the money  
For the Price - Great. I used it with a duvet, and find it very light and comfy.Others complain about its crinkly noise.I find the crinkly noise very pleasant.For 20 
The DTC 975 is the best coffee maker we ever owned!. Read this if you are a serious coffee drinker like us! We have been buying, using and tossing out 
wonderful product. I purchased this for my little yorkshire terrier to stay in when we all leave the house to go to work. Its wonderful. It is the perfect size 
A little linty, but nice overall. Very good deal on the pair of towels. They shed after the first couple of washes, but I m still glad I bought them. 
Refurbished Eureka R5892A Boss Upright Vacuum. I took a chance on purchasing a refurb , and I m glad I did. I had read the reviews for this particular vacuum 
A gift of Chicago Cutlery. I actually purchased the Chicago Cutlery set for my daughter who had a set of knives serrated edges that were never sharp and couldn t 
Good espresso. Had the machine for 1 month now. Will be back in 6 months to rate any reliability aspects.It makes great espresso , all Crema. Works equally well with 
Superrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!. This was a great price and a great quality product I put these in the back yard just under the overhang of the porch roof and you would be 
Best foil cutter ever!. This is a nifty little gadget. Is a magnet on the fridge so is always easy to find. Cuts foil off instantly  
Works for me!. I have 2 cats and they are 8 months now. I started them on the citty kitty about 2 months prior and so far its great. I 
Very good but one big flaw. I like this spatula I do, but if you are working with dough it is useless. The spatula end is detachable--which I recommend when 
nice cup. This is a nice cup. The top was easy to get off once I figured out it unscrews. I d give it 5 stars if it was dishwasher 
Really Works!. I have to admit, I didn t think this thing would work, but I bought it for my Mother who has smokers living next door and it was 
Allows my razor to perform as good as new. This product is an exact replacement for the cell pack in my Norelco 6885XL electric razor. Replacement was a breeze and 
Yum, Yum... I had purchased an ice cream maker some years ago and was disappointed in the quality of the plastic parts on the machine. In fact, the lid broke 
Good Value. Heats well and quiet. Does not blow heat very forcefully but certainly warms sufficiently given enough time using the oscillation function. Appears solidly built with good warranty  
10-inch Skillet Lid. I am completely satisfied with this quality product and the prompt delivery  
Crispy Cheesy Pizza!. My husband bought this pizza stone and a peeler about 6 months ago and we have had pizza almost once a week ever since. The pizza has 
Great. I love this heater. It has several safety and convenience features. I actually couldn t figure out how to get it working though, a co-worker helped. The instructions weren 
Amazing knives!. I bought theese knifves to start out my first kitchen, I can t belive how amazing they are. Usally i struggled with my parents old knives just to 
Totally silent!. I love this filter! It keeps the water pristine and more importantly it is easy to assemble and clean thanks to the included double tap valves and media 
Cool. This is a excellent product.. as described very easy to incert and position... haven t checked the weight capability.. not disappointed  
Really nice pizza cutter. This cutter is good and heavy, cuts cleanly without dragging, and washes easily in the dishwasher  
simple for one. Bought as a gift for my Mom who is not tecnically blessed. She found it simple to use. For her liking the water did not get hot 
Nice Item. Overall this is a very nice item. I have been using it to make Mojitos and it works wonderfully. The only negative thing I have to say about 
Wish I bought this years ago!!. Because of the expense I thought about whether or not I should buy the Steampress or just use the old-fashioned method of ironing. I 
Richell 94118 Richell One-Touch Adjustable Pet Gate with Wood Finish. Good gate and the wood finish looks well with house decor. Easy to use with one hand. A little hard 
Thank you, Bionaire.... Our house has a very damp basement and to combat that we purchased a Bionaire BDQ 24 about a year and a half ago and it worked 
very functional even for the rice-challenged. I bought a rice cooker because I have never been able to make decent rice in a pot yes, I know it s been 
Best purchase ever. This vacuum has exceeded my hopes and all at a great price!  
VillaWare V3200 Classic Belgian Waffler - Round. Great product, the tone of the beep is a bit annoying but it is very functional - lets you know when to pour 
Makes a nice gift. Very good quality blown glass. Although I found out that the ball top that s shown in the picture didn t come with the decanter. Either 
Chef s Choice M130 Knife Sharpener. This item was rated tops by Cooks Illustrated. My 10 year old Henckel Knives are now the way there were the first day I 
great!. I bought these to replace an old pair that had lost their edge and was pleasantly suprised at how sharp these were. Nice to handle and fit perfectly into 
Fantastic!. Bought this item to keep the neighbors cats out of my garden-it works great. Those little felines take one step in my flower bed and are blasted with water. 
Don t buy this poster if you want to sleep at night. O.K., buy this poster if you like spooky things but don t say you were not warned. You 
Great press and slicer. I bought this same press from Williams and Sonoma. I really love the slicer part of it, had never seen that before. Great to have options 
New religious collar!. What can I say about this collar? That it works, miracles.It s one piece, instead of a box that hangs off of a regular nylon collar, ensuring 
Love my BROTHER!. I have been sold on Brother for years and this machine is no exception! I purchased this machine just before Christmas 2006 and have been having a 
Bold, large and beautiful!. These bowls were everything I hoped they would be...they are a beautiful, bold red colorThe bowls are about 4 1 2 inches across the top and 
The last knife block you will need to buy!!. This is the biggest knife block I could find and I love it. It is very well made, stable, and well 
peace of mind. i dont do a lot of bread making but i am an avid meat smoker and griller. the taylor classic roast-yeast thermometer has taken the stress out 
Great Starter Yanagiba!. I recently began working in a Sushi Bar, where I was required to invest in my own knives. I wanted a good knife but didn t want 
works wonders. This product truly works wonders... No it doesn t harm your animal in any way.. The only slight down-side is, at least my dog does this, the animal 
Great heavy lasagna pan. This is a great looking 9x13 pan with good proportions. It is really deep and makes a great tall lasagna. It is extremely heavy when fully 
Great design, compact and handy. It seems I ve spent years trying to find the perfect teakettle. Something that would give an good honest, audible whistle when boiling, then allow 
These HEPA replacement filters also fit the Hamilton Beach Air Cleaner Model 04150. Although it doesn t mention it, these HEPA replacement filters also fit the Hamilton Beach Air Cleaner 
great tray. The ice cubes come out intact - not chipped or cracked. To get them out, push each cube from the bottom with your finger.For fastest and easiest results, 
wine glasses. product came in great shape, flawless and factory new, and in less shipping time than anticipated  
An excellent knife for everyday use. I received this Henckels Santoku knife as a graduation present, along with a full set of Pro S knives, when I graduated from Culinary 
Melita black manual cofeemaker. No muss no fuss no noise in the time it takes to boil the water I can have a perfect great tasting cup of cofee! Nothing 
The Best. I received this Le Creuset 4-1 2-Quart Round French Oven as a birthday gift and it is perfect in every way. I cannot recommend enough the overall quality 
Why spend Hundreds of Dollars???. I admit I m a vacuum cleaner fanatic, if there is such thing. But we have a cat and my wife has asthma. We have 
Love it!. Granted, it is a bit noisy at first more like a shocking sound, not so much noisy , but you get used to it. The mixing and matching 
Not a great serving platter. I purchased this item because the description said it would make a great serving platter as well as a casserole. However, when I received it 
Great Pans, Awful Lids. I bought this set to replace my 17 year old Farberware set because altho still perfectly fine after all these years, I thought that thicker pans 
Once you use a Miele, you will never use another. This canister vacuum is perfect for multitasking quickly and easily. I have carpeting, wood, and vinyl floors in my house 
Very Pleased With Sugar Please. It took a little getting use to, but once I realized that a teaspoon took three presses instead of two, I was very satisfied with 
Miracleware Popcorn Popper Purchased on 10 26 2006 . The product was delivered per the terms promised. It works.My only problem is that it did not come with directions - 
Awesome Travel Mug. It s a nice size cup that does a great job insulating. Cool sliding lid design that is convenient. My only complaint would be that it s 
Works like a champ. I would recommend this to anyone. It works as advertised. I use it on my laminate floors that until now I could not get as clean 
A pretty good canister. I love Fiestaware and these canisters go perfectly in my kitchen. I like that they are large enough to get a decent amount of flour and 
Not an expert, but very pleased anyway!. Reading some of the other reviews makes me believe that I m probably the least experienced in sharpening tools. I m just a 
Better Than Sliced Bread!. We were given Ove Gloves for Christmas last year, and absolutely love them! They re so much better than traditional potholders and oven mitts. The only 
handy and versatile. I received this as a Christmas gift. I ve used it to carry wine to parties and even onto an airplane. I had a tote large enough 
Best set ever. These pans are great, they are very sturdy and good quality. don t buy anything else! trust me  
Great wine is just a button away!!!!. This wine opener is the greatest thing invented. I love it almost more than I love the wine. Try it---you won t be 
What an amazing price for such a great rug! WOW!!. This is an excellent quality bamboo rug. It far exceeded my expectations considering the low price. I look at it 
Best one out there. If you are a serious cook this is the tenderizer you have been looking for. My first tenderizer was the hammer type tenderizer. It did an 
sturdy and useful for bagel lovers. Perhaps I appreciate this invention because several years ago I had to go to the emergency room because I had cut myself while cutting 
Food Seems To Cut Itself. I think this knife doesn t actually cut the food, so much as it intimidates it. The food looks up, sees this massive, wickedly sharp 
great food processor but. plastic bowl seems like cheap plastic. the motor is great as it puree and chops  
B&D Lids Off---I took a chance. Bottom line: this product works as advertised! I was hoping it would as my wife has an arthritic wrist making it difficult to open 
Great Ice Cream maker... This is my first ice cream maker and this one exceeds my expectations. It makes great tasting ice cream and with the 6 qt capacity you 
Really enjoying this purchase. I have used this about six times so far and it s been great. I like that it comes with the two bowl size options. It 
EXCELLENT VALUE!. Great for people who love cooking and will put it to use. I d recommend the product to anyone  
Great sheet set. Brougt this 600 count set and a 1000 count set. The 600 count set was far superior. They are soft and smooth. Best of all they are 
Steam Engine. First of all, this thing is huge! Make shure you have the space... All of the features work as advertised, the browning feature works much better than we 
Wonderful Winning Waffles. This waffle iron is the BEST! I get nice, brown, crisp waffles every time. I really appreciate the cooking control and the chirp, chirp that tells me 
M. J. in Ga. The sprayer works great. I put olive oil in it and use it like Pam but with the extra chemicals. So it doesn t damage my 
Just what we needed. We looked for a long time to find just what we wanted. We found this set and it was a lot less expensive than some of 
Beautiful!. I ve had this set for 4 years and love it. If you see water stains, it s your dishwasher, not the set. Try some vinegar in your rinse 
Beautiful eating!. I love the Fiesta rimmed soup bowls-they hold cassaroles, stews and salads for easy eating. The new scarlet is a beautiful addition to our set. The color is 
beautiful glasses. These are heavy and sturdy glasses. Very pretty- with the handmade appearance evident in the tiny imperfections and bubbles in the glass- we love them. Handwashing is the 
Great as a cake board. This board works perfectly for my intended use. I m always looking for attractive and simple ways to present fun novelty cakes. A cake can 
Great Shower Curtain!. I love the shower curtain and the detail that shows on all the dragon flys. Nice, light details and color. I also am impressed with the fact 
Excellent for everyday. I bought these wine glasses so that I could have lead-free crystal for everyday use. While they don t have the heavy crystal quality for example, like 
Mix-n-Measure. The item is of good quality and a good addition to any bar or kitchen  
Perfect!. This was just what I wanted and I received it very quickly. Thank yo  
great buy. Works very well, easy to use and clean.  
Excellent fan. Excellent fan.... I have a smaller Patton that I bought about 10 years ago, and it is noisy too... industrial strength fans are noisy. Moving air makes noise. 
Very Handy. It s funny, the different experiences people have with the same products. Now, this review is for the Blender Express, not the Plus. The only difference is the 
Great sheets!. I am very happy with the quality of these sheets. They are soft and warm and fit the bed perfectly  
Indestructable!. These are without question the greatest spatulas ever! Over the years I have thrown away plenty of spatulas usually because they deteriorate quickly and start to leave traces of 
Its worth the price. Its a good filter, does what its intended to do and quite silent, for the price its worth it  
Efficient and easy. This is a great product - very basic, but does the job boiling water qite efficiently. It s also easy to store in a cupboard. I like 
Beautiful Set of Spreaders!. I LOVE this set-I actually bought two and am glad I did. Beautiful packaging, and rich deep colors-of course they match all my service pieces. Would 
Very Happy!!. I have just purchased this ironing board! and so far it looks great! Initally i was leaning more towards the rowenta ironing board which looks almost the same 
Ironing Sleeve with an Emblem Patch?. I work for a federal agency which requires me to wear a uniform and since I prefer to do my own shirts instead of 
Dirt Devel. Great product, great value for the price and does exactly as it is presented. Wish it had a longer cord, but overall, good quality product. Does an excellent 
I love this machine!. I have had a blast with this machine since it came out of the box! It is remarkably easy to use and the results have been 
Great Product. Makes perfect waffles and we have no complaints so far. Big fluffy waffles, 1.5 inches versus the regular 1.25 inch waffle makers  
Fiskar Craft Crate Scrapbook Organizer. Apparently the previous rater is not a very organized person. I find this catty perfect for travel to scrapbook parties and more. If you are 
Good Vacuum; Great Bargain. No, these do not come with the accessories, but they are good vacuums. I purchased a Eureka 5856 a year ago, which is virtually identical to 
Outstanding. I own a considerable amount of Fiesta. I originally purchased it 3 years ago because I wanted durable dishes that could be added to and allow for creativity. I 
Wilton Cupcakes N More display. great product. Perfect for my daughter s birthday party and a big hit at the school parties as well. a really neat idea  
Great Vacuum! Great Price!. I have had 2 Oreck vacuums in the past 10 years. I liked them because they were light weight & I thought they were doing a 
great deal!. I ordered this sheet set mainly for the price, but also because I was curious about the microfiber material. After about a month of use, I have no 
It Really Works!. I took my knives to Chesapeake Knife & Tool to have them sharpened and they destroyed the edge. I saw that Cooks Illustrated recommended Chef s Choice 
Excellent Showerhead! Great for people with lousy water pressure. I recently moved to an older rental. It even has an old fashioned fuse box. The water pressure here is horrible. 
I LOVE IT!. This is by far my favorite pan. I use it to cook everything in. Nothing sticks to it what so ever and I love the sleekness to 
Great pizzelle maker!. I ve had this iron for several weeks and am very happy with it. The iron heats quickly and makes crisp pizzelle. Despite the manufacturer s claim 
They REALLY do work. Bought these not too long ago. I use them all of the time. They do a great job on towels, men s under clothing, permanent press 
Useful, sturdy, and stylish. Great way to eliminate the necessity for Pam and other unhealthy kitchen sprays. This oil sprayer is not only very sturdy and well-made, but very aesthetically 
LOVE THAT CART!. These carts and shelving units are the best I ve ever seen. They are flexible in shelf height, a minimum of one inch between, and it is 
Finally, a good dispenser. I ve tried so many syrup dispensers all of which dripped, and often the flow mechanism would get stuck. This one is the first which has 
Makes Ironing a Breeze. I just got this iron yesterday at Linens & Things using their standard 20 coupon you find all the time in the newspaper. I tried it 
I love my mogu. I love my mogu doll this is the third one that I have purchased. I now have two and my sister-in-law who always wanted to steal 
sharp knifes again. i have chicago cutlery and other misc knives. they were all to dull to cut soft butter. When i received the sharpener, my husband sharpened and honed 
Exceptionally high quality - perfect release. I have used these for making florentine cookies which are extremely sticky, having used disposable mini aluminum pans in the past. They work perfectly, 
Hot and stylish. If you are looking for a mug that keeps your coffee HOT all morning then this is the mug for you! The top easily unscrews and aligns 
works great. I haven t used the dryer since I got this. It holds a little less than a full load, but I have an extra large front loading washer. 
Fun glasses. I love Riedel glasses and these are no exception. These are great for casual wine drinking ~week day dinners or just a couple of friends drinking and chatting.Sure 
Awesome little vacuum with lots of power. I was in a second hand store and saw this little vacuum. Wasnt really looking for a vacuum but plugged it in to 
Very Usefull. Very useful for storing my multiple journals. Spray painted easily so now it matches my decor. Using in my home yet planning to add to my office as 
A Decent Fan For The Money. This fan does blow a really good stream of wind, even at it s lowest setting, although it does so a bit noisely. It 
Excellent. This Kettle is really quiet compared to the last kettle I had which was a Krups, and sounded like a tractor. For the first couple of weeks I found 
GREAT TOAST!. This toaster does a perfect job at it s unique requirement-to make great toast. The wide range on the light to dark dials 1-9 gets it just right 
Works Great, No Problems. I weigh flour for waffles and bread to a tenth of an ounce. As for the on-off-tare switch, it could be a little frustrating if you 
A delight to use. I love this grinder. It s very easy on the hands, grinds consistently and plentifully I don t seem to have the problems some others have 
Cute. My son loves his new ducky shower curtain. The ducks are large and fluffy. The curtain does need a good ironing and the fabric is slightly thinner than I 
Great Product. Has bought all my knives back to life. It takes no time at all to sharpen a knife and it s very sturdy  
Extemely Large. This set is a great value. You can turn the sofa into a twin size bed, if you wanted to sleep outside. This is a true deep seating 
Spiegelau will work just fine. Spiegelau was acquired by Riedel a year or two ago, and is quite similar to the Riedel Vinum glassware, which sits just below Riedel s 
We eat 3 times more rice now!. This is the Rolls Royce of rice cookers. Excitement is what you ll feel when you open this box. Anybody who intends to 
Very pretty design. Though these are a little heavy... they are extremely versatile. Looks great in the kitchen and well as on the dining table, if you want to serve 
Just what I have been looking for!!!. I have had the more well-known travel mugs, and thought that they were the best. Well, I was wrong. This travel mug is 
An old friend. For many years I had a Presto pressure cooker, but when the sealing ring didn t work a few years back I tossed it out thinking I 
Bar-B-Chef review by poebaitfly. The grill is a significant improvement over my previous Weber in regards to:-grill area-regidity of the cast iron grill-control for raising or lowering goals-large charcoal shelf-three 
6 Stars Out Of 5. The other reviewers have said it all, but here s my take on this very affordable I got mine from a local well known chain 
great vacuum. This vacuum is wonderful. Easy to push and pull. Neat brush spinning hose attachment, plus many more. Cleans carpet by just going over them once. Works on tile 
Quite operation, but what ever you do don t loose the instructions!. Ok, this is a nice feeder. I like it better then our last that sounded like it was 
Great Kitchen Knife. This was the first Global knife I owned and it is the most used in my collection. I find it has great balance, an excellently sharpened blade, 
great product, expensive but worth it. my cat only drinks from water thats running, siamese geez. he wasnt peachy with it at first, but after about a day or so, 
Holmes HFH416 heater. Best space heater ever! We bought ours in 2000 and it still going strong. Best hot air penetration into the space of any space heater we ve 
Great Towel. This towel is very high quality and worth the money. The color is deep blue just as described  
ok so far. Have not had it for very long. I have arthritis and it is easy for me to use  
So much better than wood. This is definately a good cutting board. I owned a nasty old wood one for years, this plastic one is so much more durable and 
Nice idea for spices. This spice rack works great in a drawer. It is a simple design, basically just a thick piece of plastic bent to make the spices lay 
We love this coffee maker!. After trying a different DeLonghi model and not being pleased the thermal pot did not keep the coffee warm and it spilled coffee on the 
Good value and not bad looking either. My old coffee table was about to collapse, so I decided I needed a new one. After looking around, and finding a lot 
Don t buy these!!!!. I am disgusted with the quality of this item! I understand it is inexpensive, but the sheets snagged after one usage and I wear satin pajamas 
Wow!. My Samoyed loves this toy and so far hasn t managed to trash it. Yay! It s sturdy and VERY chewable  
CRATE MAT. HAS WORKED WELL WITH THE CRATE WE PURCHASED TO GO WITH IT. WIPES CLEAN EASILY  
great product. We ordered this item, and it s not only useful as a trivet to place hot pots on, but also great to use as a oven mitt. It 
Mr Heater Propane Guage. This product should be labeled as a Mr Heater propane guage. It does not measure the level of liquid propane in your tank. However, it does 
Great Case!. I love this case! It s light weight yet sturdy. My machine fits in easily with lots of room for extras like patterns, sewing tools, etc  
It s OK. What can I say? It s sturdy, handy and useful. It does what a kennel is supposed to do  
Not Meant To Be Shipped. Packaging, packaging, packaging... This product was meant to be picked up at your local WalMart or Target... Carried to your car and tenderly moved to 
Works well. We ve had this for about a week. It does a great job of keeping my daughter s 12x12 foot room warm all night when on low setting 
Very Impressed. The steamer works exceptionally well. Cleans with almost no effort. But if you have big jobs you might like a steamer with the ability to hold a larger 
Sunbird. I have one of these cute space savers. I like the compact size and it does the toaster and toast over duties as well as the other big monsters. 
Good Size Double Boiler. Good size. Easy to handle. Fit most 3 1 2 to 4 quart sauce pan. Yes the melted chocolate will stick in the rim  
Works but does it affect the taste??. As a vintner we remove the CO2 from the wine as part of our process. This device uses CO2 to pop the cork--very 
Hard to find without Amazon!. We ve been looking for this item for quite some time. We had a set of these Revere pans but wanted an extra sauce pan. 
A well made classy lamp... This lamp went together with no problem. The pieces fit tightly and the lamp stands perfectly upright. It is more brownish than reddish. But I 
Same good quality and looks as other Calphalon Knives. This knife has completed the entire Calphalon set for me and I am pleased with all of the knives. It is 
Even easier- and better- than I thought. I wanted a dual coffee espresso maker thinking I would mostly drink regular coffee with the occasional latte indulgence, but I was totally 
Working for over 2 years. I have had this unit for over 2 years and everything still works just as good as the day I bought it. I use it 
Two polyactyl thumbs up for Cosequin!. My cat Mira, a 5 year old polydactyl tabby, was diagnosed with hip dysplasia several months ago. She d never been a big leaper 
Nice presentation... I don t drink tequila normally. But, I bought these as a gift for a friend who does. He paid me back by pouring me a `generous glass 
Cats will play. All the cats that I have everbeen owned by....yes you read thatcorrectly-- have loved this toy.Therefore we all recommend it  
Customer service??? how about Customer Overservice!!!. I purchased the Rival BBQ crockpot, and once it arrived for a friend as a gift, I was filled with envy and wanted one 
a very very good BIG knife. This is the knife I find myself reaching for most often while working in my kitchen. Why? 1 it feels right in the hand, 
its a keeper. We had second thoughts when we saw how tall these were. For some reason, we thought they d be taller. They re 5 feet tall, and sturdy. 
Best cat litter I ve used... I am so glad I tried this litter despite the few negative reviews I saw... It clumps well and does not stick to the 
Love this product. I love my Mellita One:One. I use it at work and have saved lots of money at the coffee shop! I had difficulty finding a variety of 
happy griddle buyer. The griddle was delivered promptly and exceeds my expectations - a great product! Thank you, Amazon  
mortar and pestle. very sturdy little bowl and pestle. Just the right size for herbs and nuts.  
Fantastic piece of kit. actually i bought this machine in england same model in black and silver.i tried out various machines while trying to find a good machine for not 
Beats the dirt method. I got one of these for my 5 cats, who love their drinkwell fountain, and they now love the cat grass addition. It didn t last 
The perfect coffee canister?. Finding a decent coffee canister is not all that easy. It should be, in my opinion, airtight, non-see-thru, a decent size to hold a pound of 
Georgetown Collection. I bought this entire collection and was very pleased. The console table is my favorite piece and I plan to buy more of these tables for other rooms 
Fiesta ware Canister. I love the canisters. They are a nice size and have tight fitting lids.  
Extremely pleased with the fiestaware black lunch plate. Great item. Rec d it in wonderful shape. Packaged well to withstand droppage and anything else that might have happened to it. 
egyptian cotton blanket. very nice, warm blanket, but too big for a full size bed, way too big  
top notch humidifier. I also purchased the Air-O-Swiss 7135 after first buying the Vent Sonic which appeared to be a knock off of another Air-O-Swiss model 7133 that Bed Bath 
Compare this to Mario s. I ve had mine for about 5 years. It stays in my oven 24 7.I agree with the one reviewer about packing, since the first 
Better than Expected. I received this coffeemaker as a Christmas gift and was initially skeptical of the thermal carafe being able to make hot coffee and the basket-style filter. After 
Great Product. I have bought one for every bed in the house. The teenage boys, Grandma, and husband love these Memory Foam Mattress Toppers. I only wished I had them 
Nothing I can complain about. It is a forged knife at close to stamped price. The edge came right up to snuff after a few passes on a steel. I 
Wonderful. At last -- a strainer that will not tip over in the sink when you fill it to the brim  
Fantastic sheets!. Since I shop at Amazon all the time for bedding and toys I knew a bargain when I saw one. My only regret is that I didn t 
Very NICE set for the price... This is a very nice set of inexpensive flatware.Not overly weighty but still balance nicely in the hand. Made well, no sharp or crooked 
Perfect helper. Amazing how many things you can do with this little thing. Bought a caramel apple and had initially forgotten about it, but it makes the perfect cuts to 
Super Duper Black and Decker. I have waited forever to buy a dustbuster, I don t know why. Well, now I do. This product has exceeded my expectations. It picks 
Some Things to Consider Before Purchasing. Given the reviews posted earlier, I approached this machine with some trepidation, expecting difficult operation, inconvenient clean-up, and poor juice. I am pleased to 
An Essential for Family of Four or More. This is a big saucepan! I got it for Christmas because I needed a large saucepan shape with a long handle to 
beautiful!. I bought this as a gift for my mother who loves lenox - it s absolutely beautiful. No complaints  
Perfect!!. Thanks so much!!!! This pad has a great variety and makes for cute scrapbooking pages!!!!  
Best Bur Ginder for the Price. This grinder may be noisier than some others, but it stays clean and grinds a perfect grind each and every time. Excellent  
Just like grandma used to make!. My daughter and I used the V5000 today for the first time. It worked great! Just like the one my family used for over 
OK toaster, not an oven. I bought this for the space-saving feature, which is terrific and it looks good . I expected a toaster oven but it is really only 
Great platter at a reasonable price... I recently added this platter to a collection of much higher priced serving dishes and it is the same quality as the others! The 
Try these!!. Started using these for a puppy, since I work irregular shifts. Purchased a pad holder to stop her from shredding it. Works great. No leaky messes and very 
Excellent Tool. Although this seems like an accessory that I could have done without, I am very, very please how useful this tool is. It does a better job of 
Powerfull little heater. This is a great heater, I got it for my girl friend who s room is in a cold basement. I never looked forward to having to 
GORGEOUS. DURABLE, BEAUTIFUL WICKER HAMPERS THE BEST AND WHAT A SPECIAL PRICE, PAID 30., ANYWHERE ELSE YOU WILL HAVE TO PAY AT LEAST 80 BUCKS, THANK YOU AMAZON  
I m in Love With My Pots. My husband gave me a 9-piece set for Mother s Day last year, and I could not love these pots and pans more! 
Great buy. I agree with previous reviewers that the vacuum is noisy, but no noisier than my previous vacuum cleaners...they re supposed to be noisy. The only problems I have 
No problems to report. Ok, cmon now. It s a whisk and works well. I own MANY oxo products and am pleased with almost all their products. They all perform 
Great machine for the price. I bought this machine 2 years ago with the thought in mind that even if it worked for a while, we could see how much 
I love my broom vac. With cats comes cat hair. I was tired of dragging the vacuum around and trying to suck up cat hair with a skinny hose. This 
Ridiculously Sharp! Great value. This knife is ridiculously sharp and an amazing value for the price. The fibrox handle feels great and the knife is NSF certified and dishwasher safe. 
Perfect for beginner and beyond. Whenever you add new tap water to your aquarium the chemistry of the water changes, these changes can be very harmful to the fish depending 
Fiesta Ware. I am a big fan of Fiesta ware. I love the variety of colors and the cheer they add to my dinner table. My husband even gets a 
great product. This is a great product to use when when need to clean the stairs or a small spill.  
I LOVE this thing!. This is a great storage cabinet! I looked around quite a bit before deciding on this one. It was definately the cheapest of all I looked 
Great item!. This ice bucket is made of very thick glass and will accomodate quite a bit of ice. The Cheers Martini Pitcher, as well as the Martini glasses really 
pretty good and long lasting and compact. very good booklight, only thing is battery to replace is on the expensive side. Compact and light. Last quite long.  
Babies Too. I recieved this as a gift. We have a very open floor plan with stairs. Not a kid friendly house. This gate has allowed me to block off 
Fantastic tamper!!!!. This is the best tamper I had in a long time. How did I ever manage without it?It works perfectly and I do not have to use much 
wonderful -- designed for specific purposes. Don t plan on using this as an all-purpose crate. Puppies will chew through it if you try to use it as a permanent 
Riedel is the best in fine glassware. I ve been using Riedel for years. Pronounced REEdul Their best line is handblown Austrian crystal and is called the Sommelier series. VERY 
Excellent Value. I own several All-Clad pans. I own the regular stainless and the copper core. I also have a high end stove at home with powerful burners. So I 
Zojirushi Air Pot. I have been using the Zojirushi Air Pot to store hot green tea. It looks sleek and beautiful on a table in my husband s antique shop 
A cute addition to my kitchen. It s not made in France but I guess it will do its job.  
fabulous!. I LOVE this Pot!! It is now my favorite cooking item. I use it almost every time I cook and it is perfect. Clean up is easy and I 
Beautifully manufactured and useful. This little steamer is perfect for small servings and, between uses, adds a nice decorative touch to the kitchen countertop  
Pure luxury!. This is THE blanket!!! I have ordered several of the micro-mink type blankets, only to return them disappointed, but this one is the keeper, and the best by 
stops the bark... seems to work for my little pug. he was really scared when he was zapped the first few times, but now he wont bark when the collar 
AVERAGE. JUST GOT THIS, WASHED OK, NO COLOR RUN. THE TOWEL HAS A PRICE TAG OF 13.95 ON IT. I PAID 19.99. WOULD BE A GOOD BUY FOR 13.95. VERY 
Well worth the price of admission. I really like this item. It s simple, but attractively so, and it s a really good deal. Also, it s sturdy glass...it s 
Why didn t I get one of these earlier?. I just got my Hoover Floormate yesterday and I LOVE it. Now I don t cringe when my son crawls on 
Pancakes anyone?. I bought this on a whim after my wife made the most delicious pancake breakfast using a large frying pan, it took what seemed forever having to cook 
Classy looking functional collar. I ordered this collar because I didn t like the looks design of the kitty collars I found in the pet stores. Also, at the time 
Great Crock Pot!. I like this crock pot. I haven t used the little one much, but I m sure it will come in handy next time I m serving 
Revere Cookware. Revere makes great cookware if you stay away from their budget line. This makes the second 3-quart that I own of theirs  
Ultimate pepper grinder. I have purchased several other pepper grinders out there and this one is by far the best.It is inexpensive and can grind pepper at ease.This is a 
We are happy with this purchase. The pitcher retains the beverage temperature well. BAsed on th eonline image, we thought the colour would be a graded blue, to only discoevr 
Great Item. I looked all over for a cutting board like this. I almost didn t buy it because of the negative review on this site but I really needed 
CUSINART FEATURES LESS THAN OLDER MODELS. WE HAVE OWNED THE 12 CUP MAKER AND WE REALLY NEEDED THE 14 CUP FEATURE SO BOUGHT THIS MODEL.WE HAVE ONLY OWNED CUISNART BRAND 
We like the dishes. We are very pleased with our purchase, we were able to get them much cheeper through amazon than anywhere else. It pays to shop around! as 
Great Tasting Coffee!. Because this coffeemaker was unavailable for a while I was waiting for it with some anticipation. My patience was well rewarded with some fine tasting cups of 
It works. I bought this because it was rated highly by america s test kitchen , and it was available for a good price. I have never owned an immersion 
Chicago Cutlery Walnut 9 pc Block set. Very impressive set. Excellent quality, sturdy, good value for dollar spent, and offers a nice assortment of knives for general kitchen use.Dav  
The ULTIMATE pillow. This is the only pillow I have ever found, regardless of price, that gives me complete sleeping comfort. This pillow and I go back many, many years 
LOVE it - been using this for 3 years now!. The Bonjour coffee press was mentioned in a magazine maybe Esquire? as a top pick and after a little more 
Great Gadget. I have two of these that I got late last year. They have worked perfectly for four months and I have yet to replace the batteries. Since it 
Classic Design. These days most people choose an elegant open-stock stainless steel flatware pattern for both their formal and casual placesettings. This Mikasa Italian Countryside pattern is an enduring classic 
Excellent. I love this rice cooker. I never thought the rice would taste as good as mine, but it did. Even my children approve. I haven t used the other 
Great Buy. This comforter is an amazing deal for the money. While it does seem thin, it is incredibly warm and works quite well. If you are looking for a 
Does the job!. I got one of these for Christmas and I love it. Great for small jobs picking up litter, hair, dust . We ve even used it in 
Excellent!. We love this vaccum! It works really well, and shows all the disgusting, icky dirt that was collected... which, sadly, never seems to end! If only it would keep 
I love this!!! Great gift idea. This makes the best Americano s I have ever had, better than Starbucks!!!! It takes a few uses to get the pot primed and 
Just perfect!. I snatched the last two boxes last night. This works perfect with my tall, rust color, iron headboard and my high mattress. I was afraid they would be 
Great knives, but watch out lefties!. I agree with all of the accolades given to this paring knife by other reviewers. It s razor sharp and a work of art. 
Great Milk Frother. I love this product. I purchased a nespresso leCube. I wanted an espresso machine that made great espresso and was a breeze to clean up after. I 
THE BEST BIG DOG TOY EVER. We have a 65 pound lab husky mix. She manages to destroy soft toys, vinyl toys, rope toys, squeaker toys, chew bones...just about everything 
Great Machine. I have been using this mill for 5 years and expect to be using it in 20 more years. I bake 1 loaf of bread twice a week 
good buy. We thought this was very handy storage. It holds all our video equiptment just right  
A Great Food Processor. I bought this as a gift for my wife for Christmas and she absolutely loves it. She couldn t believe the price that I got it 
Really makes the brush roll move. I broke the belt of the vacuum when I first tried it. Replacing was easily done and now it works prefect, but that s 
Best cat toy ever!. This toy is great, it keeps them occupied for hours. I can not recommend it highly enough. It can be an interactive toy, you can just 
Great Product. I just received this set of cookware and found it to be one of the best I have ever used. I will keep them forever  
Hey, jerx- it works!. To be honest, I haven t used it all that much. It gives off a fair amount of light, though, sort of like a miniature street 
Presto & It s Done!. Love my pressure cooker. Had another Presto for 30 years. Bought an electric one last year, & promptly threw it in the garbage when this 
Good quality and nice looking tank. I purchased this tank 9 months ago and have been fairly happy with it. It looks nice. I love the rounded corners which look 
Love this knife tray. It s substantial and attractive. The knives are off the countertop and beautifully stored. Thank you  
Simple and hard worker. Very good Snow maker. It works perfectly and easy to use and clean.Just if I could desire something else to this perfect machine, maybe a 110 
I give it 4 stars for its handiness... I have not had a chance to use my cereal dispenser, but I do look forward to using it. I, too, was 
My mini pins favorite thing. First let me say I have tried lots of beds for my dog and she hasnt been jazzed by any of them but this one 
Verry Good. Very nice product. Some people complainted about the amount of noise it makes, i really didn t notice that much noise.Maybe i got used to it really quickly 
Don t Be Surprised. Don t be surprised if you order this item and it doesn t come for a year! I ordered this item in April and it is 
great heat conduction. This product is excellent when used wiht the matching 4 1 2 quart sauce pot. It conducts heat extremely well and my chocolate chips melted much faster 
great at the price. I am very pleased with this product, for the price I paid for it. It is sturdier than I expected, can hold a somewhat surprising amount 
EXCELLENT product for what it s intended to do. Sadly I bought this item from a link in google that took me to Amazon and didn t list all the 
Love it. The knives we got for our wedding 7 years ago had become dangerously dull.... no more! I had been wary of ruining our expensive knives with a do-it 
Wok Assistant. If you own a carbon steel wok, you may as well add this spatula to your cooking tools. It works much better than a long handled metal spoon 
Gr-r-r-r-reat Opener. This wine opener is absolutely amazing! I bought it after I saw it on one of the morning shows never expecting it to be as good as they 
Comfy neck pillow. I overheard a flight attendant raving about the Neckbones and also saw it reviewed highly in Shape magazine. I still have not tried it in the car 
Great Fence System. This is a great fence system, very easy to use and set up. Our dogs picked up on it in no time. The collars get good battery 
The classic mug -- for coffee only. Everyone I know is fixated on making the perfect cup of coffee. But let s face it: a lot of the coffee you 
Kitchenaid Silicone Basting Brush. Works as advertised, no more bristles falling out on the food or stained brushes in the kitche  
Beautiful but very delicate. They are elegant pieces, but be very careful with them. I broke one the first time I washed it by hand. The stem snapped in half 
Super appliance. I couldn t be more pleased with this remanufactured product. It exceeds my expectations for both quality and ease of use. Any negative reviews have to be biased 
The Perfect Scoop!. I ordered this machine in anticipation of David Lebovitz new book of ice cream recipes, coming out any day now, The Perfect Scoop . He used it 
Sweepa FURemover brush. I received my combo package of FURemover brush, mini brush and mitt combo. I m not terribly impressed with the mitt but the brush is the best 
Really Works - Wish I Had Bought it Sooner. I bought this item when I had to replace my microwave and I was hoping to reduce microwave smell - that 
Top of the line... OK. Admittedly, I don t do much of the cooking around the house, but my wife makes great soups using this Thermal Pot.Now... I m not 
What a great idea!. I ve only had this french press for about a week, but so far I love it. I keep it at work so I can avoid 
Nice but a bit overpriced. I love the yarn but after I bought it from Amazon, I found the same yarn for less at a craft store chain  
Nice Quality Daybed Bedding Set. The quality is very good however the uni-pillow cover is longer than the two king pillows suggested to put in it so it sags in 
Hoover Fold Away Bagless Upright Vacuum. Wonderful product. Fast service. Highly recommend this item  
Seems to work. within 10 minutes of plugging this in, it turned my Maine Coon attack cat into a pansy. I can now pet is stomach without losing an arm. 
Best product for a quick dinner. I have one for myself and bought this for a friend of mine. He said it was the best birthday present he had ever 
Kone Cordless Hand Vac - Blue. Great handy little device. Very pleased with the way it works on cleaning up small jobs  
excellent product. product was exactly as described. beautiful and obvious quality. very satisfied with transactio  
Durable and functional. T-Fal is a unique non-stick treatment that out-performs and outlasts all others. The pan heats evenly and does not warp like inferior pans.  
Wonderful Sheets - Good Price. These sheets are extremely nice and I am very pleased with them. They fit my older mattress well but are made so they would also 
Great Product, Happy Wife. This mixer has proven to be as good or better than she had thought it might be. She has already made a lot of different baked 
More Than One Way to Fry a Donut. I m a proud celiac chick from Finland, but I m also a lover of homemade donuts. Now, for those of you 
Best mini food processor. I read the reviews on this product. I have to totally agree it is the best little processor for ease of use, size, clean up, storage 
great knives. I love these knives. Nice balance and well made. Very solid and they sharpen up nicely with little effort. It might be my fault for washing them in 
Very durable! Money well spent!. I have a purebred ladrador, who is a strong chewer and destroys almost every toy I have bought her within DAYS 3 days max . 
Fantastic Blender. This is an absolutely fantastic blender. Runs smoothly and is quiet! I love the glass container too. Don t let the factory-reconditioned scare you. My blender came without 
It works as a replacement. I had to decide whether to get a whole new coffeemaker when the carafe broke, and did the usual search for a replacement. I bought 
Unfair Rating. I took a chance and ordered this quilt set, it is much prettier , nicer in person the colors are slightly darker, tan back ground fabric patterns in 
Very nice for the price!. My husband put this table together in under 15 minutes, and it is very nice for the price. We have it displayed in our living 
Must Have. Accessory for the LED version of Zelco s excellent itty bitty booklight . Assure brightest light and eliminates need to change batteries every few days.  
Wonderful Toaster!. This toaster is great! It s a real space saver with big toaster power. This seller is wonderful too. Packed with care and received quickly and safely! A 
The copper s nice but the plastic isn t. These copper canisters are handsome but there are some caveats needing mention. First, the so-called vacuum-seal stated in its description is 
Amazing coffee, but with some small inconveniences. First, there is a HUGE difference in making coffee with a bladed grinder vs a burr grinder. The first pot I made with 
Counter Top Trash Can Looks Great. I got this trash can to put on the counter next to my coffee maker for discarded Sweet & Low packages. I love how 
Very nice. I am very pleased with this fryer. It heats up quickly and does a great job frying foods. Unlike most consumer grade fryers, this one barely blinks when 
Milling Grains. This is an excellent product and it makes wonderful flours from whole grains. We make fresh whole grain breads, pancakes, and other foods with this mill. It is 
Works great, remember to clear by spraying upside down until clear. This works great, put your favorite oil in, pump and spray. This doesn t produce as fine of mist 
Swing Away Wall Can Opener. It s the best. I ordered two to replace the two that had worn out but only after years of faithful service . . . 
Beautiful. These little plates are so special. I love them, they add charm to my kitchen.Great seller, will use again  
Just what I have been looking for!!!. I have had the more well-known travel mugs, and thought that they were the best. Well, I was wrong. This travel mug is 
I love them. These spoons are great. They have the heft of a wooden spoon and, to me, they feel very similar. They do not stain, you can throw them 
Kitchen Aid 16 Piece Cutlery Set. This set is a great addition to my kitchen. It s functional and adds a great red accent to the countertop, matching my other 
 5-year warranty? How bout 28 years?. Yep, the 1978-vintage original from college is still kickin .Of course there are now others for the lake house a couple for camping, 
I love this Item!!! No More Coats Thrown on the Sofa!. I am very happy with this Coat Tree. It is beautiful and a great price. I have been to 
Krups 016-70 Replacement Carafe, White. Unable to procure the replacement carafe at a reasonable price and Amazon came through. Nicely packed for shipping and received the carafe in a timely 
R. Nelson. This blender is super. It has all the bells and whistles one could want  
better than george. I have been using the smallest foreman grill for some time and decided to get a larger grill. I read the reviews on this and similar grills 
Hottstuff. This is a very good product,well priced, good looking,large inside, and heats up food very fast. overall a great product  
Pedrini Black & Satin Salad Spinner. The Pedrini salad spinner is a nice addition to a kitchen. The only problem is that the gears do get out of sync occasionally, 
Beautiful functional decanter. I saw this decanter this weekend at a Silicon Valley kitchen warming party. Everyone watched with glee as this particular German s funnel sprayed the wine out 
exactly what I ordered. Wanted a stylish utensil holder to match the black accents in our new kitchen and it was perfect  
bad to good. The first warmer i got, the porcelain was broken in 4 places. I notified the company and there was no problem sending me another one. Anyway, as 
Makes a pretty cake if you re careful. You ll get compliments on your daisy cake -- if you take care in preparing the pan for baking and in adding 
Good Deal. I m very happy with this mixer. It arrived in pristine condition, even though the box it was shipped in looked very tired and worn. The machine does 
Proud to Be a Global owner. This item utility knife actually was for a friend... a fellow foodie.Once youve used any Global knife - you feel as though all other 
There is a reason they call it the Animal. We used it to catch a mouse in the house. Seriously. Excellent. We used the thin attachment and reached behind the 
Great and Easy to Use Product!. I bought this for my husband because he s always wanted one to make beef jerky, and we love it. It takes about 1 
Chocolate fountain. I gave this chocolate fountain as a gift to my grandchildren and they loved it!!! However, we found out that it needed quite a lot of chocolate... a 
Great variety, easy clean-up, wondeful machine!. I have the black Fusion in my home office which is next to a basement-level theater room , and my wife and I already 
Mine Works. I guess I bought a good one. This thing works great, no leaks, no white dust, and very quiet.The de-mineralization filters are easy to find at Target, and 
excellent choice. With two cats and two dogs in the house--plus a messy husband and a teenager--I have to have a really good vacuum and this is it. I especially 
THEE RACK TO HAVE. We purchased these racks for our theater department and were so impressed by how easy they are to assemble my 7th and 8th graders assembled them 
betta kit. I have bought this kit two years ago and have had a betta live for two years. It was the best deal and the perfect size for a 
Purchased on July 11, 2003. I loved this can opener...for the small cost I paid 2 1 2 years ago it was worth it! After having about 6 months my 
Salton KM44WHT 2-Liter Iced Tea Maker, White. This Salton has a practical design and makes tea well. I love this ice tea maker because of it works well :- and 
Fiesta Fruit bowl. Item was satisfactory but thought it was bigger. Probably my mistak  
Shed ender. I just received this product today, and I already love it. I ordered it for my cats. It works as great as they said it would  
Fun for both of us... My dog was scared of it and barked the first two or three times I turned it on, but she s grown to love it 
sleeping. this pillow has been fabulous. it supports my neck and yet it is soft. i am getting a lot more rest then i was with my feather pillows.  
Great Scissors at a great price. This is a quality all around set for the home or Office.All the sizes and the pruning sheers are just right  
Great little sauce pan. I got this as a gift and I love it. Great for cooking relatively small amounts of pasta. It is sturdy, and has stood up very 
oven mit. I was looking for something to replace the Pampered Chef oven mitts cloth that I have used for over ten years. The Pampered Chef mitt has been retired 
A Must Have For Any Thomas Fan!!. This is the cutest comforter, not the softest, buy my son loves it! I hadn t been able to get him to sleep 
Fish, Smish, This is a Wok Spatula. I purchased a Calphalon nonstick wok a little over a year ago and it s a wonderful piece of cookware. However, I can 
BARK CONTROL COLLAR. My dog is the nices dog ever, since i put the collar on him, yes i took a couple of days for him to realize he was 
Best price, best delivery. I love my Presto popper, but despaired of finding a good, reasonably priced source for the concentrators. Web searches turned up sellers at 3.50 per pack, 
I like it crunchy!. This is a great pan to make oven goodies frozen packaged french fries, chicken nuggets tenders, fish sticks, breaded mushrooms, cheese sticks, jalapeno poppers, etc. bake 
SIMPLY THE BEST. NOW WHY CAN T EVERYTHING BE MADE THIS GOOD? OPENS CANS AND LASTS AND LASTS. JUST WHAT WE WANT...ONLY ONE IMPROVEMENT I CAN THINK OF: STAINLESS STEEL 
Tremendous value. Couldn t be happier with this cookware set. Heating is even. Very good performance in the oven for finishing. Pieces are well balanced and easy to clean. Hand 
Great whisk. Great whisk! Made in the USA. Dishwasher safe! Perfect gift for my chef. He even loves the ergonomic fit.However, the 5 year warranty in the description is not 
versatile starter piece. As seems the case with some other reviewers, this was my first piece of Le Creuset. It s wonderful for braising and easy to maintain. It has 
VRROOOMMM AND PRESTO ALMOST !. WELL AS OTHERS HAVE SAID , ITS PRETTY MUCH DOES WHAT IT SAYS IT WILL.FOR 300 BUCKS ITS OK. BUT THE ICE TRAY IS KINDA 
Love your espresso...best bet for the money. I could not resist trying this method of making espresso. You know you can spend alot trying to get a decent product and 
Longterm User of HB Indoor Grills Speaks: Just Bought My Third Model!. I want to speak up on behalf of Hamilton Beach indoor grills. I just ordered this 25295 model, 
good product. A multi purpose bucket can be used for drinks or flowers. The reasonfor the four stars is that it took quite a while to come and arrivedtoo late 
I m hooked on this gadget. I bought one a few years ago & got hooked--can t drink my morning coffee without frothy milk! It finally broke so I went 
Turboed. I am very pleased with the Turbo Scratcher Refill pads! Our cats spend hours entertaining themselves with the Turbo Scratcher. We highly recommend the product and this vendor  
Great Tumblers - Great Price!. I am absolutely 100 satisfied with my purchase!The 2 sets I ordered arrived in a timely manner. The tumblers are top rack dishwasher safe too!Our 
Great Value!. These are great mugs for the price. They don t leak, are a great size, fit snuggly in my car s cupholder, and keep my coffee warm not 
great!. Excellent pedometer for the money. Worthwhile investment. I only had to play around with the step measurement sensitivity, and now it works great. Radio works great also.. Definately reccommend 
attractive and handy. I have two of these, one in yellow and one in a discontinued sea greeny color. They re attractive, of course; this is Fiestaware, after all. But 
MOM. This is wonderful. The best laundry basket ever used  
Good neck support. I wouldnt say this is the perfect pillow I have been looking for, but its almost there. Gives me good neck support. Its a good value for 
It works fine for the lite stuff. I have had mine for about 6 months now and I use it 2 or 3 times a week. It is easy to 
Mixed opinion. I like the ability to cook on the burner. Only need to dirty one pot. But the shape of this crock pot is curvy, so you can t 
These are the best knives!. After showing serious interest in pursuing a career in the Culinary Hotel field, my dad bought me my first 10 Henckel knife as part of 
World s Greatest Mixing Bowl. I own every size of this bowl and if they made more I d buy them. In fact I m thinking about throwing away all 
The BEST Cervical roll-- for me, at least. As a physical therapist who suffers from neck pain, this is the ONLY pillow that I can use without waking up to 
Heaven Sent. I bought my thermometer about a year ago and have used it to cook beef and chicken to perfection. No more dry meat whether it is in the 
Heavy duty comfortable sheets. I feel rich sleeping in these sheets! They are quite wrinkley, but just take them out of the dryer as quick as possible. I will have 
I will buy again at Amazon. Blinds were what I expected. They were very good quality and low price too. Shipping was excellent and on time.  
Trully Impressive Knives. We had purchased some of the other Global knives and we very impressed with the quality & construction, but kept putting off buying the steak knives wondering 
Love IT!. This knife is the best I ve ever held and or used! It feels great in the hand esp. during prolonged use. For a smaller female with a 
Honeywell 18155N SilentComfort airfilter, thumbs-up. very quiet for sure. it s helping a lot with my allergies. i run it 24 7 on low and that does the trick. the 
getting salty in my kitchen. Product just as promised - looks great - works wonderful -- a very happy purchase from my en  
KitchenAid Knives. We purchased this as a gift for someone. The price was right and ordering it on Amazon was easy. We had it shipped directly, she seems to like 
great use of minimal space. I really like this dish rack! It holds a surprising amount of dishes. I bought this for the cup-holder prongs good use of space , 
Serta 3-Pound Micro Memory Foam Pillow. I bought two sets of these. Take the center firm fill out if you want them soft or leave it in for a firm 
A great Belgian Waffler. I ve had this Waffler for several months and use it regularly at least twice a week. It produces a perfect Belgian Waffle every time  
Great Buy. I bought the toaster because Consumer Reports said that it was the best buy and they recommended it. I also did a search for the best buy and 
Just what I was looking for. I bought this because I wanted to divide gravel vacuuming and water changes into two separate steps, so I could spend more time cleaning 
Cute, comfortable and lovable. I received my Mogu about 5 months ago and I ve gone to sleep holding it ever since!They really are nice to hold.Would reccomend 100  
Good Source for Relacements of the ProLine Coffeemaker. The replacement Carafe arrived in good order and was provided by Ace Hardware. They werem prompt with the delivery and asked if 
Honeywell HZ-2200 Mini Tower Surround Heater. I bought this little heater because my dorm room was way too cold or way too warm. During the cold weather the heater did 
Nova Brown Spoon Rest. This spoon rest is a great compliment to the rest of the Nova Brown dishes. It is a very different style - the picture doesn t 
Shun Knives are Beautiful, Elegant, and the Sharpest around. Shun knives are beautiful creations period. Since I m Asian, I love the tradition look and feel of this Japanese knife. 
Thrilled with purchase!. I bought this for my sister as a Christmas gift. I was so glad I was able to find it, since Fiestaware Black is retired. This item 
AWESOME! My Eldery Parents Loved it!. my mother laughed so hard, beaming with elation on how wonderful and ingenious the touchless trashcan was. &quot;it is so beautiful, Honey. Now I 
Good Deal. The brick sheets are a deep rich color. I was not expecting much for the price, but was pleasantly suprised. They are super soft and silky smooth. As 
Makes the room warm and fuzzy. This product has several nice features that enable you to use this Radiator either as a back-up heat source or just as a room 
Birthday gift for daughter. I had previously purchased the Tribest for myself and had such a good experience with it that I decided my daughter would benefit from owning the 
Buy This!. This pillow is incredible. I got it for my boyfriend because he was having neck pain when he woke up in the mornings. The neck pain is gone 
Champagne Glasses. I own Reidel as well as Spieglau. The differences are slight. The Spieglau have a very nice tulip shape and the heft feel to them is very good. 
Makes my every day fry pan useful but .... My All Clad LTD 12 fry pan is my most used pan. While this 12 fry pan lid fits the pan, 
Good design, great waffles. I am loving the aesthetics of this thing. It reminds of the heavy-duty, no-nonsense waffle makers at a Waffle House.The iron heats up quickly - no 
pinzon sauce pan. I love this sauce pan it almost compelets the set that I want to buy. Thank yo  
Small but good. I like this style of salad spinner. When I ordered it, though, I didn t realize that it is as small as it is. It would be 
Can t get enough... ... of this toy! Our dogs prey drive goes wild when they see these balls come out. We have to monitor the use though. They each 
Works great. The Over Cabinet Door Towel Bar is a great solution for keeping kitchen towels accessible and neat. Just the right size for cabinets of varying widths.  
Coffee Maker. Bunn makes excellent products and having fresh brewed coffee in three minutes is the cat s meow  
Sturdy, easy to inflate and deflate, pretty comfy. I easily inflated the Aerobed when I received it. I like how you can just plug the inflater into the wall. My 
Not a Vornado, but gets the job done. This fan is neither as powerful nor as quiet as the Vornado fan it tries to imitate, but compared to some of 
It Travels too. We took the fondue set and 4 pre-made cheese mixes for a weekend with friends. It the easiest, fastest meal to assemble and be ready! Great for 
Smaller bites, but Works great---see the photos ive uploaded. this is not bad. it created batches of smaller like kind of pancake. the lodge brand created a bigger shell like 
Picture does not show the beauty of these pieces. I bought this Dinnerware set, and just love it. I have since either bought matching pieces on my own or have 
Best coffee grinder I ve ever had... I had a Cuisinart grinder prior to this one and there s no comparison. The Cuisinart was noisy, finicky and failed after about 
Nice value for glass decanter suitable for 1 bottle of wine. I m very satisfied with this purchase and am writing this to clarify a couple points I was uncertain 
Used it for Mojitos at our S. Fla. themed superbowl party. They worked so well. We decided to have a themed drink for our Superbowl party this year. It was 
Never replace a bulb again. But get frosted cover instead. This is the only two-LED light I can find. It s a little larger in size than it has to 
Henckels 6-Inch Stainless Steel Knief. So far, we are very happy with the knife and will probably order the larger version.  
Not bad. The steel finish on these picks are not matte like in the photos but shiny more like chrome. Cosmetically, over time they get scratched up when used to 
great for cooking. I m using this pot for rice cookingIt takes less than 10 mini and the quality is goodI like it  
4 stars item for a 2 stars price. We have been using our toast ovens everyday for the last 20 yrs or so. We had expensive ovens, we had not 
Perfect for my studio aparment. I have a studio with low pile carpet and a teensy kitchen and bathroom with linoleum. I was so pleased to discover that this thing 
Great value for an all-in-one unit. Received this as a gift at my request! over the holidays and have been very happy with it. Unit is easy to use and 
Cup is exquisite and perfectly balanced in saucer. I have this cup and am very satisfied with it. The design is elegant and lovely to say the least. I enjoy 
Take back your sink!. I bought one of these from Amazon 2 weeks ago, with the extra filters for half of what I would have paid retail. At first my 
Great looking and nice to embroider on. These look very nice, expensive, and feel nice. I embroidered on them for gifts and they came out beautifully. you can see the 
Serves its purpose. This humidifier works quite well, is easy to operate, and not bad to clean. It comes apart easily enough and cleaning takes very little time. We go 
Decent!!. I had to replace my Space Saver B&D on a sunday morning. I wanted another thermal carafe model but wasn t realy ready to shell out 80 for the 
Batali 6 Quart Italian Enamel on Cast Iron Essentials Pot, Persimmon. I really like this product, great to cook, to bake bread and even better to clean. Excellent price less 
These work great, but I can t give them 5 stars because they cost too much for 4 dinky pieces of plastic!. For 4 pieces of plastic to cost this 
Okay for the money but nothing to write home about. Unlike what the photo suggests, the entire set is black and not dark brown. This lends a versatile and contemporary 
Phorm Light- I like it!. I ve had the Phorm light for a month and I enjoy it. It lights up the whole room, its compact so I can store 
Just as expected. This was delivered promptly, packaged well and looked exactly as I expected it to. The only downfall was that one of the beads was broken during shipping, 
pretty and practical. I absolutely love this trivet. I use it on a daily basis to keep my tea piping hot the trivet is low and wide and balances a 
2 Tone IS a thicker silicone. I am very satisfied with this product and the Red looks much better than expected. The standard size is smaller than the custard cups 
Good item at a reasonable price. Produced crispy foods quickly but be careful not to overload it.You must use a lightly used electrical circuit or it can trip the breaker. 
Great value!. I ve just purchased these glasses from Amazon. They arrived in about 4 days with free shipping in perfect condition, double-boxed with plenty of bubble wrap and packing 
Great Machine. I love that it has a mini bowl. So much less storage. Also it runs so much more quiet than my old Hamilton Beach. I am so impressed. 
fish tank filters. Very good value and the filters arrived quickly. The fish are happy too  
Great product for the price!. These mugs are one of the few 24oz. travel coffee mugs you can find out there. They are not top quality heavy duty but the 
working excellent. taylor 1456 is really a great thermometer ever seen.. I m using since 3 months and ordered new outdoor unit and addtional one main unit with outdoor unit 
Magazine Rack. Basically,I really like it but it is too small for my needs. It is of good quality, attractive, and durable  
I want one, too!. I bought this pillow for my husband and I can attest that it is VERY comfortable and has left him feeling refreshed in the mornings from 
Pleased. Got tired of can openers that left little burrs or that were difficult to get started. Hesitant about buying a As Seen On TV product, but went for it. 
Super Knives!. I received three Global knives for Christmas last year from my son. I can t believe how great they are. Almost a year later and all three are 
A great machine at a great price. The box arrived bashed, but my refurbished machine was packed like a newborn baby and arrived safe and sound. I unpacked it, assembled 
diversity. I ORDERED 4SETS OF THIS ITHEMS.I HOPE LOTS OF DIFFERENT PAINTING BUT I RECEIVED SAME FLOWER.EXCEPT DIVERSITY, EVERYTHING IS EXCELLENT  
Very nice pasta set. I bought this as a Christmas present for a dear friend of mine who recently began collecting rooster objects.The entire set arrived in perfect condition. The 
Best and cleanest betta food so far. Hands down this is the best betta food I have used so far. The rest of the betta food brands I have bought 
Affordable Riedel!!. I ve always been a big fan of Riedel glasses, but they were just too expensive and broke too easily. These glasses are the solution to that problem. 
Love this!. This is the perfect little pitcher to own for serving creamer or milk for coffee or tea. It s a wonderful compliment to the rest of the Fiestaware 
Excellent size for family meals!. About a month ago, a friend gave me her GF tenth anniversary grill because she said she had no room for it in her kitchen. 
Great item. This is exactly the replacement part I wanted. It s a great way to froth milk  
great for the money. i don t understand why some reviewers say it doesn t sharpen. i got this littler sucker with my chicago cutlery insignia set and it sharpens 
silicone baking mat. I absolutely love this product. It is very easy to use and clean. Food wont stick to the pan any longer, which makes my life so much 
Spray Commander is a great training tool. I have a very young, very energetic Rottweiler. She thinks it is great fun to dig holes in the yard. I tried every 
CHRISTMAS SPODE CANDLE HOLDER. THIS IS TRULY A BEAUTIFUL PIECETHE SISTER WHO GETS IT WILL BE THRILLE  
Great Glasses. What s to say? Great look, great shape, very nice wine glasses. I honestly don t know if my wine tastes that much better in good glasses, but 
Excellent. I love my new salad bowl set. The color is beautiful, so is the quality and you can t beat the price  
Great Gift!!. I bought two of the Margaritaville machines for co-workers. They have been raving about it ever since. In one case it has became a permanent appliance sitting on 
Great purchase!. I was extremely pleased wth the Lenox Holiday 12 piece set purchase! It was definitely a great buy in that I did some comparative shopping and found the 
Great pan!. I love this pan. I did some research and what everyone said about the pan was right...it is a real winner. Easy to use, great to clean. The 
Picky mom says, PERFECT . Rice is our staple food - no kidding, it really is. I have all different kinds of rice bins in my pantry - long grain, 
PUR Water. It s hard to find replacement filters for my PUR pitcher, yet I found them easily at amazon.com. And, I couldn t have been happier. Not only did 
Very good!. It works great. My only problem with it is that it comes with an adhesive protective band and it takes forever to be able to take the glue 
A Must for Deep Fryers. If you own a deep fryer and do not know about these yet, chances are you really need these. Depending on how often you use 
A must Have for Ultra Sharp Knives. This very understated, plain looking piece of kitchen equipment looks rather like a conventional sharpening steel with a white rod, but is in 
nice towels. I like these towel however the color is green,,, I thought is would be more of a grey or silve  
Meyer Ceramic Bakeware. I gave this as a Christmas gift to my mom. She has always used glass and metal bakeware. For the price, it was a steal  
My New Favorite Kitchen Toy. My Then bachelor husband purchased a George Foreman small grill about 4 years ago because he LOVES steak. I recently purchased this item as he 
Great LED nightlight. Cheap to run and last forever. This is the only two-LED light I can find. It s a little larger in size than it has to be, 
Dog Door Bell. It takes a little patience to get the dog to use it, at first she thought is was a treat machine, but eventually she realized it meant 
Get Grilled!. Great for grilled cheese, ham and cheese or roast beef sandwiches.It also works good with fruit fillings, we just sprinkle powdered sugar on top after they are done.Our 
GREAT ITEM FOR THE PRICE!!. I picked this up a few months back when the price was too low to refuse cough 29bucks!!! cough and I am MORE than happy 
My first real dishes. For my 2nd apartment I decided to get real dishes instead of the hodge-podge I had from dorms and thrift stores. I could not be happier 
The most wonderful pillow ever!. I ve been looking for a foam pillow, remembering as a teen I had one and loved it. I never can find a good pillow--my 
Scoop Free LT1-3 Fresh Step Refill Litter Cartridge, 3 Pack. Excellent, just as described and arrived prompt!! Great job!! Thanks, Annmarie :-  
Very Beautiful piece of furniture! Great Price!. I assembled it all by myself while my husband was at work and boy was I pleased with myself! The chest took me 
you can make your one Quark. The Yougurt Maker is also woerking for making Quark You need just Buttermilk and let it stand for 16 better 18 ouers.That s what 
Christmas Gift. I bought this for my daughter and she has raved about it.She has cooked so many dishes in it and loves it. The fact that it holdsheat and 
It is very good. I have slept on such a pillow for nearly 1 year and I am quite satisfied with it. It does provide excellent support although I find 
Great Pan. I loved this pan. It is really solid,and it cleans up so well for being stainless and not a non stick service.Also I love All-Clad  
Love it !!!. Best piece I have bought thus far!! Wonderful price and love that it came in the real box, not the regular white box!Have made potatoes, soups, stew, 
A Glove that simply fits over the metal handle of your pan!. THE essential requirement for those hot metal handles and so much more practical than a bulky oven glove.Another 
Ecopod works great -- with practice. I have run almost a whole bag of coffee through my ecopod now and it has become my standard method now. I grind the 
good find. how can you rate a tamper? well, it fits in the basket and it tamps down the coffee. I guess Terry s tamper does just that. It was 
Cute and practical shape. I have had this teapot for about a year and it continues to be my favorite. I usually use loose tea and the paper tea bags 
just what I was looking for. I was looking for awhile for some nice solid flatware for everyday use and finally found it. This is very solid does not bend 
Awesome Dirt Devil Platinum Carpet shampooer. I shopped and shopped and read lots of reivews prior to making my decision to purchase the Dirt Devil Carpet shampooer. I previously owned 
Surprised at some of the comments re. cosmetics. Honestly you would think many of the reviewers here were submitting their knives for a beauty pageant and not using them to 
My jewelry is organized now. It s easy to access, you can actually see everything you own, and if you organize it by color, you can see what you still 
Great looking and easy to install Wall-Mount Wine Glass Rack. We ve had a built-in bar for over 20 years and always had the countertop cluttered with glasses. Since we 
Holds a lot of water. I had an electric water dispenser that held 5 gallon bottles and decided to try a more economical alternative. My main concerns were to have 
Great. This skillet is the best. Its shape and size are great. Its quality is remarkable and the non-stick coating is revolutionary. I have never seen non stick coating like 
spiffy silicone spatula. There weren t a ton of reviews for silicone turners and I took a chance with this one. It s pretty much what I was looking for: 
Not bad. I would definately recommend this over the cheaper plastic models out there, but I would also caution that it is not for the weak-armed. It takes a lot 
Great coffee. If you like great coffee the french press is the way to go and the Bodum press is one of the best.  
Decent space heater. This heater does a nice job heating a small area. It s pretty quiet and the fan forced output is about what you d expect from a 
Spirited stemware. If you enjoy grappa or marc dry liqueur made from the lees of wine it s important to serve it in a tall, narrow-mouthed glass. This type of 
Unbeatable!. The same as you see on many of the Food Network shows. It is very stable and heavy. Funny that a block of wood was one of the best 
Round Cuisinart PrepBoard. These are my favorite cutting boards. Cuisinart makes 3 cutting prep boards, round, square and rectangle. I bought them in a set all together, I use at 
Libbey Glassware. I own this pattern but in a LIGHT BLUE color. Is it possible to find this pattern in that color  
Works fine, no problems whatsoever. I m not sure why there are several negative reviews for this vacuum. It has a great price, works well on my carpets and floors, 
Great!. I can t beleive anyone would just use this for serving - it s a very useful size, great for searing meats and then roasting in the oven, rice 
Best addition to my kitchen!!!!!. I got this grill just after Christmas and it is the best item I could have added to my kitchen. It is the largest George 
Very Fast. I think the pads arrived even before I recieved confirmation that it was sent! Thanks to all for a great site and effecient service  
desk review. Nice desk...what I needed for the space that I have. I ordered the matching hutch, but there was no way to attach it to the desk. I wish 
Elegant pattern. I received this pattern for my wedding anniversary this past year. I am very pleased with the set. It is elegant enough for company but is great for 
Simple toy loaded with countless hours of entertainment. My cat loves this toy. She can t walk past it without tapping it with her paw. If you just shake this 
49erbabe. Don t hesitate to buy this light weight blanket. It is wonderfully made; the reason I m giving it a 5 rating is that it fits my California King 
Wonderful Rolling Hamper. This clothers hamper on wheels was just what I was looking for. I had just installed a clothesline in our backyard with the intention of line-drying heavier 
Extremely pretty, just the thing for dessert souffles. If you make dessert souffles chocolate or jam-filled these small heart shaped ramekins are just the thing to dress up your table. 
Terrific toaster. This makes the greatest toast and like the style of this toaster. Also the T-Fal name has never been a let-down, their products have always been number one.Thank 
Strong, Sturdy, Compact, but lacking assembly instructions. This is a wonderful piece. It fits nicely in a small corner. We ve placed ours in a small mudroom, and it s 
Love it!. If you have the Drinkwell fountain, this is a must have, it is so great to go a week or so without refilling your cat s water.  
This is incredible. We first used the new vacuum immediately after using our old Hoover. I was amazed at the amount of dog hair and dirt that the Dyson picked 
great frame. the frame has many options for display and has a good sized internal memory. would recommend int highly to all. large crisp display and can even be used 
Messy, but worth it!. I agree that the cartridge was not easy to fill -- the beads are a little tricky to get into the cartridge they sort of stick 
good idea... We have used this crockpot BBQ Pit a couple of times since buying it. The first time, we made the pork ribs - very delicious - tender and 
Save the furniture!. We have three cats. The mature one always uses it the new ones are not as into it yet but a little fresh cat nip helps. I 
Great Inflatable Bed. So far, we are very happy with this inflatable bed. We inflated it about a week before mom came to visit. It did not leak. I used 
Perfect. Perfect size for rich desserts like creme caramel or creme brulee, or mousse. I also like the heavy feel  
Save your stove and walls from splatters!. This is my answer to the invisible little bubbles of butter and oil that escape from the frying pan and later decorate the 
EXCELLENT PRODUCT. These are wonderful barstools with very comfortable cushions. All of my friends love them and want to know where I got them. I plan to buy several more 
Good vacuum for the money. Very good suction, fairly lightweight. The cord is a bit short, but my house is small so it isn t a big problem. I added 
My little work horse!!!. I ve had this little vac for about a month now and I use it ALL the time and just love, love, love it. It s 
Dog training collar. Having used a spray collar belonging to my friend s dog which only had levels of spray, the Commander having the beep feature is proving it to 
Love it; Cleaning a drawback, but not a huge one. I ve had mine for about 4 years and just love it. It s a perfect size for a single 
A very nice set to work with!. I got the set yesterday and decided to put it to work today. It s very easy to use, you can use lower 
Eclipse 3 Filtration & Illumination System. Really like this system. Easy to change charcoal filter and easy to pull and clean Bio-wheel. Never had an aquarium stay so clear so 
All-Clad Stainless 3-Quart Colander - Love It. This is an excellent colander, I love it. All my cookware is All Clad Stainless Steel so I decided to buy this colander 
Amazingly spill proof. What a great idea for anyone with kids or a clumsy adult in the house! These tablecloths look and feel beautiful, but their main selling point is 
Love it! Worth it!. This is a great blender! Yes it is expensive, but it is worth it! If you just want to make the occasional smoothie you might not 
Works great!. Works great...the doser is kind of a pain sometimes, but totally manageable. It does a great job on the grinding and that is why I bought it. Bought 
durable product so far. I have only had this for a month but so far its holding up to my endless loads of laundry.  
Good Cleaner!. I only gave this four stars because this grease remover probably isn t necessary for most folks. Regular strength Cerama Bryte s pretty amazing all on it s 
Versatile and sturdy. When these arrived years ago, I was disappointed because they are too wide to keep coffee tea warm for very long. But lately I have noticed I 
Does fit my classic Revere Ware. I bought this for my two classic Revere Ware 2Qt pots marked Clinton, Ill and steamer attachment and this piece fits fine on all 
Love Revere. All the bad reviews on the Revere pots and pans are totally off base. The newer Revere pots and pans are not excactly like the ones made 40 
Not as soft as expected but tightly woven for durability. I ve never heard of a 1200 thread count and the price was so good, I couldn t resist. The 
This Danby is a Cold Winner. I bought this attractive little appliance for use in an airplane hangar where the occasional consumption of perishable food and cold drink storage is 
Great knife. I would recommend this knife to everyone - the occasional cook to the top chef. It keeps a sharp edge, is very balanced, is a handy size and 
Neat Coffee Maker. Overall I really like this coffee maker! The stainless steel carafe is great! I only wish that the heating plate remained on for 10-20 minutes or so 
My cat loves it!. Sigh. Cats are so picky. You never know what they re going to like. If I had a nickel for every toy I have purchased that 
Best Waffle compo sandwich maker available. We love it and it cleans easily. You just pop out the trays and pop them into the dishwasher.Highly recommend  
Stylish and good price. This one is very nice. Serve and store...hold good 3 cups! Really good for the price 2.99... lesser than the outlet price! Good buying!  
Cotton Sheet Set. This item was received almost the day I ordered it. I LOVE THESE SHEETS. Now I don t even want to use the other set I have 
Handsome enough to serve at your dinning table. This brush finish stainless steel water pitcher is handsome yet functional to leave at your formal dinning table. The handle is big 
super quality, upscale design. I have been looking for this kind of crystal items for a long time, nothing I found with this quality and relatively low priced. I would 
Turned my 9 month old Rottie into a perfect gentleman. I was very hesitant to use a shock collar on my dog so I tried everything else I could think 
Nice....but heavy. I received this cookie sheet today. I haven t used it yet but thought I d leave a review anyway. It is very nice and even has cookie 
My wife and I are in love... ...with this ice cream spade. I gotta warn you though, it s not for the weak or the timid. But if you re 
Home made Latte s. This Product is really amazing! Whips up the milk in seconds for great Latte s @ home. I would recommend this product with my eyes closed.Regards 
Very nice large glass jar. I was searching for large glass jars to store bath salts when I discovered this Anchor Hocking 2-gallon container. It has proven to be perfect 
Love these Ramekins! Can t live without them! A . I ordered 12 of these Corelle Abundance ramekins ~ and wondered just how much use I would get out of 
You wont want to get out of bed. I wanted a more comfortable bed so i purchased this comforter. I ve found i sleep in alot longer than before. Getting 
My Husky can walk again due to Missing Link Plus!. This product is phenominal! I heard of this product almost 2 yrs ago, but didn t actually try it until 
Stunning. This Maxxima night light is nothing less than stunning! I had high expectations but eventually it surpassed them. It provides very nice and powerful enough light, it is very 
Best I have found. Of the several brands and types of jerky seasoning I have tried, the nesco original flavor is clearly the best tasting, if you like conventional jerky 
Too cool for school kitchen. Not only is this piece cool lookin, but the knives it comes with are excellen  
the BEST roti tortilla maker you will ever find! SERIOUSLY!. I have tried sooo many different roti tortilla makers. and this SAACHI is seriously the BEST out there! Bargainoffers.com company 
Great cover and very inexpensive!. I gave this to my daughter because her down comforter was now featherless from age the feathers came out . Also, she is a vegetarian 
What A Fun Gadget !!. I bought this pepper grinder because I love Oxo products, and I also have carpel tunnel and arthritis in my hands. I don t really 
A Great Saucepan. Despite what others have written about a degradation in All Clad quality, I have not seen any problems whatsoever. This pan is a staple in my kitchen 
Tiny but Functional. A nice one two cup tea pot - Will work for an every day cup of tea  
Beautiful!. I love these glasses and the price is great! Too bad Mikasa has discontinued the original cheers line  
Great quality and wonderful for dieters - it doesn t hold much!. This is made in Indonesia to a high quality. It looks wonderful, no defects I could see, and 
lovely heavy duty pan. These pans are lovely, were reasonably priced and work great. No sticking, even baking, easy clean-up. The popovers I made in them were perfection  
excellent tool for careful cooks. I use this tool every day. I have never cut myself with it, nor have I had any trouble with food catching on the blades. 
Toaster. I was in the market for a new toaster to match my new stainless steel kitchen and when I saw this toaster from West Bend I fell in love 
HOLY MACKEREL, MY CARPET IS CLEAN!!!!!. I have a Jack Russell Terrier and a Rat Terrier. And now a new baby.I have been fighting a losing battle for years with 
Once again, the best!. This is my second coffee maker like this one...I had a black one and LOVED it. I remodeled my kitchen and wanted to get a white 
Very fast delivery and smooth transaction. Smooth transaction and very quick delivery. Product was as shown  
Excellent product. This sharpener is very easy to use and does a fantastic job of sharpening both my wusthorf knives and my scissors  
Flannel bedding. The colors are just beautiful and it is so soft. It surprised me how much warmer it made my down comforter. Love it...I will buy more products from 
It s true. I often heard about the benefits of using Reidel crystal to enhance the flavor and bouquet of wine, but never tried it until I bought this set. 
Effective training that won t hurt your pets!. I have two domestic long-hair cats that love sleeping on the couch. One of my cats has a bladder problem, and my 
It s Bigger Than You Think. It s well-made, sturdy, good looking pet crate. I bought the small first for my 12-pound cat, and it was MUCH too large, so 
Great espresso, poor steaming wand. For the price, I d give the espresso making part of this machine 5 stars. The portafilter and brew group are substantial and well-made. I 
another wish list: item found and received. I have wanted one of these for years. I put off because I didn t want to put it together. I m a 
I love it!. I am SO pleased with this product. Very reasonable price and excellent quality...and looks good and feels good. I highly recommend this purchase  
Nice Pan. I thought this was a nice pan, but I don t think it was quite worth the 16 plus shipping. I thought it would be heavier for that 
AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME. The money tree arrived today on time. It was a gift to me : I opened the box and couldn t believe how perfect this tree 
Awesome multi-use pan. I wasn t sure what to expect from this pan, but it s outshined everything I d anticipated, based on the price. I got it for less 
I have one. to go with my original finish Lodge cookware, but this one didn t take any effort to season. Good going, Lodge  
The Best Pot In The House. I never though that I would pay 99 for a pot, but I m glad I spent the money on this one. It arrived 
Fits the bill. I bought this board to cut large pieces of meat chickens, flank steaks, pork roasts . It s more than big enough for all these. The reservoirs 
I LOVE BRITA!. I am a water FANATIC.. and I have to have water that tastes good since it is the main liquid I drink. Brita is way less expensive 
nice bowls. I like and dislike these bowls. What I like about them is the shape and size for certain foods and for the dishwasher. They are actually too small 
Perfect!. I bought the matching bench a couple months ago for my new place and I love it. Recently I was in the market for a table to hold a 
WOW, what a kettle!. I love everything about this kettle. The clear guide on the side showing the level of water in liters . How quickly the water comes to 
Midgy Stays Home !. Midgy stays home with this wirless system. It works for us...but if you are having problems RTFD. I understandwhy some people get frustrated with the system... 
Best Deal Around. Looking for a great armless chair? You just found it. This is an affordable chair, a comfortable chair, and a chair that is easy to assemble.Trust me 
very good product. The memory foam mattress was delivered as promised and I love the product.I would recommend  
Pet Chime Doorbell. This works great! However, be aware that once your dog learns how to use it, they really use! I think she is taking advantage of it a 
Great quality and unbelievable price.......... This deal is amazing. The quality is an eight out of 10 with a desgin that brings out an appealing look to the throw cover. 
Wonderful choice!. I have always been a Revere fan, but this Stir-Fry pan is wonderful! We use it every chance we get. Well worth the price. My only suggestion would 
Simple and beautiful. I love these glasses.I think the traditional stemmed wine glass is fine, but I find this far more practical, while being elegant at the same time.I have 
Best Frother. Frothed milk without the watering down inevitable with steaming! Plus, an ingenious recharging system that bypasses ever needing batteries. A must buy for capuccino aficionados  
riedel cabernet glasses. These glasses are broad enough to allow for a nice nose while small enough to use at the dinner table without appearing akward. They are also very 
Fast shipping and nice flowers. I surprised a friend with these flowers. They arrived in two days and they are pretty close with the site photo.Even with the shipping taxes 
Love it! Love it! Love it!. This knife is great. It fits so well in my hand and I feel very comfortable using it. It is light yet sturdy. I 
Quick delivery. The delivery was quick and the item came good packaged. I didn t try it yet. It came with the usefull recipe  
Crispy dry lettuce rocks. It does a great job of spin drying leafy vegetables. Yum  
Attractive, Inexpensive. For the price, this wine rack is a good purchase. Once assembled, it is very attractive and fairly sturdy. Getting the two ends to sit level was a 
I think this is great!. I read all the reports last year about having a refrigerator thermometer, especially after Katrina, and figured it was about time I got one. Well, 
Best Trash Can Ever!!!!. I bought mine last year when we remodeled our kitchen and it is still working great and looking fine! Smooth operation, never a fight with can 
Scooba by iRobot. I bought this on a lark to save myy wife and I a little time. What the heck... It works great. The cleaning solution is a bear 
Best Knives Ever!. These knives are the sharpest I ve ever used and also quite comfotable to handle. Well worth every penny  
Nice blanket. I like this banket, both its look & feel. I haven t washed it yet but, since it s nicely oversized, a bit of shrinkage shouldn t be 
great. Originally I was a hesitant to buy a remanufactured Dyson, but minutes after I started using it I could definitely tell the difference between other vacuum s and Dyson 
Feliway diffuser - great product. We have a household of 6 indoor cats. This product is very effective at minimizing the aggression that is bound to happen in this situation. 
I love these scoops!. I have found these to be very handy. I ve used them for kiwi, mangoes, even for making potato skins I use the red one to 
Love these knives! But NEVER put in dishwasher!. Well that pretty much sums it up. Great knife, good balance and feel. Keeps an edge most of the time. But never 
Convenient and attractive for a busy lifestyle. This size is perfect size for small-individual portions of mac n cheese, lasagna, cup of soup, apple crumble.Great for large families where everyone 
Indestructible ball. My Golden Retrievers have not been able to chew thru these balls and love chasing them. Good product  
Seems a bit flimzy. This item is acually rated for 900 total pounds, but it seems a little flimzy to me. I already had one shelving unit that I bought 
Lots of light. I love this booklight. It s small and light, so it doesn t weigh down the book and the color of the light it gives off is 
Comforter is a Delight!. We have the heat in our house turned way down at night and we are toasty warm under our new comforter. It s lightweight and a 
Easy-to-use, delicious results. The VillaWare V3600-NS Prego pizelle baker makes two 5-inch cookies at one time. It comes with a booklet containing easy-to-make recipes. The results are wonderful. You can 
good unit. size and output quite adequate for a 12x15 space I m using it for. Yes initially,it stinks, but they do recommend runing it 2hrs. outside first, so no 
Love the sheets. The sheets are just what I was looking for. The delivery time was good. Am very happy with my purchase  
Best Christmas Present. I have been so impressed with this set. It all cooks great. I think the frying pan would cook best with a gas stove. I love the 
It is the Magic!. 100 STARS! Excellent! Excellent! Excellent! This is worth it! They have restored my faith in Paid Programming! I love this product! It s strong and powerful! 
So worth the money. I was in a car accident and have trouble gripping, and also have pain and limited motion in my shoulders, so even using the wing-style cork 
Great for long-lasting fun. I d been looking for a good durable chew toy for a long time, and have heard rumors about the Kong : it became a legendary 
great buy!!. arrived looking brand new. all attatchments, bowl and mixer in perfect shape. have not used a whole lot, making cookies, and light duty mixing,but am happy with the 
Read the Instructions First - You ll Love It. This toaster does everything. We ve had it at least 5 years. If the toast comes up and you can t 
Better than Arm & Hammer pads -- but these have doubled in price!. Have used puppy pads in place of kitty litter for past several years after having a kitty 
Pleased with the product. The cup was just as ordered and received in a timely fashion  
could be better. I had a Pampered Chef sprayer that I loved, but it got clogged and stopped working after 2 or 3 years. I should have tried harder to 
good sheets. I like these sheets, the only thing is they are heavy, so I m going to wait till winter when it gets cold to put them back on 
Great. I have 8 house cats and i only kept one of these in the house... to watch 6 of the cats climb on top of each other to get 
Customer satisfaction was no surprise here. We saw the other good reviews. In addition to being attractive we like the weight of the tablecloth. It is not sliding all over 
Friendly Village. I was extremely happy with this purchase. I had delivery in two days. Amazing. All the dishes arrived in perfect shape. I would order again  
Useful and stylish. I love, love my set! You have fun colors to choose from and they don t disappoint in person! There is a half way measuring line in 
OXO Soap Dispensing Sponge Brush. This is a convenient tool for washing hand dishes. Adding soap is easy. Its adequate sponge size, and comfortable handle make it nice to use 
Great Blender. This is a great blender that is easy to care for and fun to use.It does a fine job of blending ingredients, including ice, to the consistency that 
lasagna baker red. this could possibly be the greastest deal I ve gotten on Amazon ever,the price I paid was a steal for the workmanship of this baker,thank you Amazo 
Good raclette. I bought this raclette a couple of months ago. It is very easy to clean you can put most parts in the dishwasher . The only thing that 
Great For Apple Lovers. This was a great gift. Very light weight and all seal really well..  
Inexpensive air circulation. Excellent for Fall & Spring here in Florida. Fans have a reversible switch which is very handy don t have to turn the whole fan around  
Danby Countertop Dishwasher. Well, The only problem I had with mine is lifting it by myself up to the counter. I have had my dishwasher for eight monthes now and 
Great for bathroom doors!!. I generally leave my dirty laundry in the bathroom when I take them off, I know a bad habit so I always have a dirty bathroom. 
Quality knife set. I ordered from Amazon, the KitchenAid KA1PR16N Cook s Series 16-piece Cutlery Set with Traditional Natural Block, Red Handles which is exactly the same as this set, 
Wonderful. I love these knives. They fill their need and with the full tang, they are nice and sturdy  
Perfectly fits the books atmosphere. For those of you unfamiliar with the A Series of Unfortunate Events books, they detail the absurdly tragic lives of the fictional Baudelaire orphans, and 
very comfortable. I have had this for almost a month now and I am very impressed with the extra comfort and cushion this has added to the bed. I was 
Sportsman s grill. Durable hunk of cast-iron. After building a custom cart for the Lodge the propane grill now takes a back-seat. The grilling grate can be improved by adding 
Pleased. I usually only buy something if it has good reviews. I m pleased with this table that I purchased to put in my entry way. It looks very nice 
Archie s favorite!. My cat loves this toy, and so do I. When his energy level is through the roof and I m too tired to run around the room 
Order extras. I was not so lucky with packaging. They were loosely wrapped in bubble wrap by, my guess, monkeys. Then, they were put inside a large box allowing lots 
Dog food storage. Great seller, but this item lid does not fit like our straight on top lids, which we love. Also would suggest the next larger as this will 
great product. This was a gift for my mother and she loved it. She especially liked the stand the mixer sits in. And boy does it have power. GREAT!  
CERAMA BRYTE Cleaner. This stuff really works well - makes it look brand new. The key to getting the tough baked on foods off the range are the scraper and 
Perfect for use on top of a boiling pan. This cover works great in my saute pan and is perfect for use on top of a sauce pan when steaming 
had it for almost a year. very nice looks great in fish tank and very good quality. you may not notice but the back part is also in detai  
My Mom Loves It. This is a very good quality item from Farberware. It s strong and cooks really well. The price was is excellent, too. A stockpot such as 
Beautiful Sea Mist Pitcher. I decided to add this pitcher to my Sea Mist collection since Fiestaware is discontinuing the color much to my dismay . I was pleasantly surprised 
HEAVY DUTY. THIS COOKWARE SET IS MARVELOUSLY HEAVY, MAKING IT EASY TO COOK WITH AND DURABLE. IT S HANDSOME, SUBSTANTIAL AND YOU GET A GOOD VARIETY OF POTS AND PANS. 
The best. I used to put a hair band around the neck of the wine bottle to keep it from dripping along the sides. With this handy gadget, I threw 
Braun Electric Water Kettle. Great product. We use it all the time and it works perfectly  
Thank you Rachael. This knife is the most outstanding piece of cutlery I have ever used in my life. I have given my chef s knife to Goodwill after I 
Item before this one. The item I received before this one, which was the LARGE SPOON for the same type of stoneware, Sango Nova Black was snet BROKEN!!! But since 
You Really Need This Floor Sweeper. At first, this thing is pretty odd: it is rather expensive, and appears to be a simple mechanical device. When cleaning the bare floors 
Better Than Five Stars!!. 11 11 06 Update: I can say now that I have no regrets. This knife is actually my favorite knife and the one I reach for 
Great Pillowtop for the price. We recieved the pillowtop promptly. It is quite full and puffy- well made. We are using it on our guestroom bed and so far every 
best coffee I ever had. best coffee maker but the price here is a bit much you can get the same bunn at TARGET for under 100 dollars check it 
Where Have These Been All My Life!. These Hercules Hooks are absolutely incredible. I wish I had them before my husband put many, many holes in our walls with anchors 
Very nice. Beautiful canister. I purchased one in each of the three sizes. They look fantastic in my kitchen. Highly recommend  
buy it !! it really works!!. It really does sharpen perfectly !!!Ands is also very easy to use!! It is also nice looking and sturdy!!Great buy !  
latex pillow. I have used a queen size Beautyrest pillow for years but wanted a smallersize for travellig  
Awesome Book Light!. I like this book lite becuase it can flex around very easily, it has a brite lite, if it s a hard cover book it will easily 
Compact and sturdy. This mill is smaller than I thought it would be but works well and looks great  
My dog can play outside!. We do not have a fence, so the PetSafe wireless fence unit has significantly improved the quality of life for the dog and us.We adjusted 
Pleasantly surprised!. Purchased two comforters and very pleased with quality. I comparison shopped extensively via the net. Upon arrival found website s description to be accurate. Comforter quality exceeded that 
I m so glad I bought this. I ve had this for over a year now. It s perfect! I had always found cooking rice to be very tricky. My 
Works quite well. This wine pourer works quite well. My wife and I have enjoyed how nicely it pours and that it doesn t seem to drip. Apparently as a 
You will love this griddle. This griddle is worth 75- 85 at a minimum. When I opened the box I was pleasantly surprised with the wieght and feel of this 
Lots of Settings and It Works!. I am delighted with the fan and just ordered 2 more for my bedroom and sunroom. The fan has a smaller profile, but is 
Great saucepan. This saucepan is a convenient size. It heats up well and maintains the heat. The glass dome lids are great. Very sturdy and seems like it will last 
KitchenAid Reconditioned Blender. Overall, I like this blender:Pros-VERY QuietGood Price probably have to pay more for a different brand w sharp blades-see Cons below Nice DesignCons-Blades not suited for chopping; 
I think this coffee pot is awesome!!!!. I have owned my percolator for about two or three years now. I ve never had any trouble with the plastic top breaking 
Did I get the only one of these that works?. I love my oil mister sprayer thingy.Pour the oil in, pump the cap about 5 times, and a fine mist 
Great Buy. Love the way the mattress pad works... no leaks... but even better it s comfortable and QUIET ... no crinkly sounds like a vinyl cover... Very comfy and 
Pretty Happy. I have two little boys and somehow, my spoons seem to disappear. I am sure some dig of my home in a million years will have people wondering 
Great Crate- but be careful with teething puppies. the crate is overall nice, light, convenient to setup and fold for transport. The pockets are great and handy to keep clutter 
Best Coffee Mug out there. Period. I ve always been on a search to find the best coffee mug that includes all the features that serious coffee drinkers are looking 
Save your pennies !!!!!!!. Like all of the coper-core pieces from All-Clad, this is a beauty.I used to think people who spent so much on cookware were INSANE.If you actually 
Calphalon Simply Skillet. This is the best skillet we have ever used for high heat usage. It conducts heat evenly in all areas, is heavy, substantal fry pan similar to 
Convient storage. The product shipped great. Only problem was that one lid did not come with a seal on it so it had to be returned. The colors are great 
excellent coffe maker. This coffee maker is perfect for our office - especially the automatic feature. The coffee maker we had previously was a pour-over type - no one wanted 
Good Value, Large Capacity. Works as advertised. A bit larger than anticipated but otherwise has met my expectations. I haven t had any issues with the filtering.If you don t 
Good value. If you are terrible at making rice as I am, this is a very helpful product. The liquid tends to boil over if cooked at high temp in 
Great Cooking Experience. Wow, 90 bucks for a pot seems kinda hefty but this sucker really is worth it. Packaging was good, came fast and I ve used it 4 
Georgeous color. The color is quite pretty under food and garnishes show up nicely. This is a nice size for serving about anything for a smaller dinner party  
Best coffee!. Love it! Bought several for friends. Definitely buy the beans and a grinder, a huge difference between this and drip  
Multi Small Pet Friendly. I love the Catit Fountain - I have 2 cats and a rabbit and they can all drink out of it at the same time. The 
Love this mitt, and oh that magnet!. Love this silicone oven mitt. I have had no issues with heat conductivity and it is extremely resistant to stains. Also love the 
The cost is worth it. I do think it s a bit overpriced, but it works very well. Much better than a hose you have to hook up to a 
Astounding value. I would not even say for the price ; this is simply an excellent, very firm, well-made pillow. For this sort of quality of materials and manufacture one 
Didnt Use To Be A Coffe Drinker, But Now... My sister purchased this item for my wife for Christmas of 2005, since she was the coffee drinker in the family. 
Tough little booger. I put this clock on my wedding registry cause I liked the look of it and it seemed sturdy....and boy is it! My husband and I are 
handy Kitchen tool. For small amounts, no need to haul out the big food processor. I use this all the time. Perfect for salsa s and for mincing onions and 
great for dips. I love this smaller crockpot for dips of any kind. My family has food at every get together and having this 2 1 2 quart crockpot is 
It works. Unlike so many spot cleaners on the market for carpeting, this one really works. Try it, you ll like it especially if you have animals, children or a 
A Functional Piece of Art. The toaster is beautiful and works beautifully. No preheating. No need to watch. Just set the timer and push the lever. The only drawback is 
A must have!. These are easy to use, they do not make a mess, and offer vibrant colors. They do not taint what you are decorting as some colors can. 
Great ice shaver!. What a great buy we made with this, now we can make our own ice cones, frappe lemonade and everything for the hot summer  
great cap. i received this for my birthday and i must say, i haven t had a problem with it. it s a lot of fun... especially hearing the pressure 
Good Waffle Iron. This waffle iron browns evenly, and the browning scale is accurate. An added bonus is its easy storage because it stands on end and will fit into 
Convenient & Inexpensive. I love this hamper. Even when it is full of laundry, it does not tip over, the handles make it easy for me to carry downstairs to 
clean classy design. I ve owned this flatware in this pattern for three years. I paid top dollar for each place setting, so this price is exceptional. The picture of 
Outstanding. We received this as a gift from our wedding registry. Easy to season, it comes with clear instructions for seasoning and cleaning . It also came with a slim 
Great Popcorn Popper. Great machine...pops all the kernels. Only drawback is the powerpop disks are hard to find. Needed to order them online  
A Must Have For Your Puppy. This washable cedar bedding fits in the Pet Gear Home N Go soft sided pet crate, and the manufacturers really should have included it 
Great piece for the money - gets lots of compliments. I was a little skeptical about ordering a piece of furniture online -- would it arrive scuffed up or broken? 
I m cookin fer a livin and... Found this at an overstock price you don t want to know ; and snapped it up for heavy duty work at the 
Terrific little vacuum. This little upright vacuum has more than enough power to reallyclean my one bedroom apartment. And it really cleans. The suctionpower is strong and I am impressed 
They re also Finnish, too!. My mother used to makes these for Christmas and my sister and I decided that we must pass that tradition on to our children, too. 
I LOVE this machine. I love it I love it I love it. My mom let me use this machine and now I m the official ice cream maker in 
GREAT FUN!. If you like fondue....you ll like raclette...as much or even more. Use your imagination...don t stick with what is traditional. You can use your raclette for desert, pizza, 
Moroccan cooking. I am very pleased overall w this product. My husband is Moroccan and we cook tagines probably 5 times a week. We had been previously using a very 
Love the pizza Grill. I have a Pizza Grill and I love it, the Pizza Grill is easy to use, the Pizza doesn t stick to the the stone. Now 
Very Classy. I purchased the wine cooler and ice bucket as gifts for my mother-in-law. I was surprised by how light in weight they were which was a good thing 
Great little whisk. This is a fantastic little whisk. It is perfect for whipping up hot chocolate or other drink mixes & also to scramble eggs. It is a must 
Excellent Coat Rack. I purchased this coat rack as a replacement for one that was similar in color and style because it had broken. I couldn t be happier with 
Great For Daily Use - Nott Made For Heavy Duty Cleaning. I read the reviews before I purchased this machine. I know from experience that reviews are extremely subjective and 
Makes Tastey Food. Burgers and chicken tastes great after cooking it on this pan. Can t use the round grill press though - too big. If you cook meat on 
Perfect!. I love these for leftovers, as the re-heating process is simple. Just pop open the top and microwave. I have no trouble getting them on and off and have 
Handy Little Product. I really like this product! It s small size makes it very portable and the display is easy to operate. Works well with bowls, but a little 
HEPA Air Purifier. The air purifier arrived in a timely fashion. So far so good  
Love it!. I bought this mixer for my dad. I have a Kitchenaid but the reviews liked this model better for bread making, my dad s passion, I agree. He 
Wonderful. I just purchased this set and LOVE it. I have been looking for a stainless steel salt and pepper shaker for some time but didn t want to pay 
great. My daughter bought this for me for Christmas. She down loaded pictures of all my grandkids on it. I just love it. Easy to carry around and you can 
A great dish for many uses. Im not much of a baker, Ok, who are we kidding, I dont bake. However I have used the devil out of this dish, 
Nice in many ways. I bought this for my wife and I to use a few months ago. We were looking for something to cook in that was between the 
Now I can rest!. Cooking breakfast for 11 can get hectic, but with the Cool Touch grill, my 10 year old grandaughter enjoys making the pancakes and French toast. Of 
aerolatte. Great for whipping up hot chocolate....my little granddaughter just loves it and so do I!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Dyson DC 15. Great product. Works very well. Only down side is that it is very loud. Much louder than any other vacuum that I have tried. The unit is 
Outstanding Hotdog Cooker. This machine cooks hotdogs like the ones you used to get at the county fairs. The hotdogs are hot and the buns are hot. I would not 
Stylish. I just got into wine a little while ago, and wanted some nice glasses to sip from at home, rather than just using a plastic or glass tumbler. But 
Fabulous!. This is one of the little items that makes a big difference. I am not a gadget person. I like a lean, clean kitchen. This splatter screen helps with 
Classy and Beautiful!. The set is so beautiful! It is the perfect color and style for our new house! We love how it is simple and still classy enough for 
My favorite vacuum container. We have this container in constant use in the refrigerator, holding prewashed precut veggies for snacking. I find it easier to pack food into than our 
Quick service on belt. The belt was received very quickly and we were very satisfied with it.Donna Wilso  
Great BBQ. I bought this for my husband s birthday and he has been having a great time using it ever since. He never cooks except on the grill outside 
Very cool. I think this tem is very well priced and very nice for dog  
Well worth the price. I bought this pillow because I wasn t completely satisfied with another foam pillow that I bought, nor was my husband. This thing is great. My 
Excellent quality grinds!. I bought this grinder from my local coffee house on the recommendation of several of the employees at the shop. I ve had it for almost 6 
Zojirushi Thermal Carafe. I just recently received this carafe and am VERY pleased with it. So far, it has kept our coffee piping hot for over 15 hours. I love 
It works!!. Surprisingly, this vented plastic storage container actually keeps bread fresh. Pricey little devil ;-  
Classy, yet durable. These ramekins are perfect for flan, custard, pudding, and the like. They are beautiful, yet very heavy duty. After buying one set in cherry red, I bought 
against conventional wisdom advice. I m going against what many home chefs like in an all purpose knife.It s not heavy, German, or made of surgical stainless steel.These are light 
Nice craftsmanship and functional, too. This knife block is very well made, looks nice and fits my knives. Only a few of my knives are Henckels but even the others 
Just what I wanted!. Thank you for offering this wonderful product, oh I have other juicers etc, but wanted this after searching and looking at wooden ones  
Super Soft. These sheets are fabulous, very soft, even after washing. I love em, and the color is beautiful  
Great for cleaning grout. I bought this steamer primarily for cleaning grout and it worked!!!! It took a little bit of scrubbing along with the steam but the grout looks 
I like it, but a pain to keep clean. I really like popcorn and I really like this popper. Perfrect popcorn everytime and very, very few unpopped kernels. The butter 
great deal. Great deal and even better product. Lightening fast and easy on the eyes  
beautiful. I am a big fan of the Royal Albert collection. This particular piece is a beautiful addition to my collection. I am quite satisfied with my purchase  
Performs exactly as described. This item performs exactly as was described in any of the marketing information I read. That, in and of itself, is something to be happy about. 
Wonderful Desk!. This desk is awesome! It is made out of SOLID WOOD not the cheap pressed cork wood from cheaper `discount products. Trust the saying You get what you 
Astoundingly clean and useful. This is the best tool for dismantling a whole chicken. Safer than a knife, and you can take it apart easily! and put it in the 
Works great. This replace one that was 10 years old and also made by Rival. It will see a lot of use and works great  
Works great!. No more allergic reaction to my friends cat after using this air cleaner! Surprised the heck out of me but it beats my Ionic Breeze by a mile 
love it. I love it. A great purchase. Quality and function. Makes me smile  
Nice personal coffee maker. I read the reviews before I ordred this and was a little leary because of drips and after taste but ordered it anyway. Let me say 
quality construction, good performance, looks nice, great price. I purchase this unit refurbished for 120 about 10 days ago. I held off writing a review until I used it for 
Stylish yet Useful. We bought this kennel for our Shih tzu puppy, and she just loves it. The floor mat is soft yet easy to clean, and the multiple zippered 
Nice, no complains. I like the nice pink trio pattern, and the price isn t bad at all 1.99 . Looks cool so far. Bought it 2 months ago, and 
Very nice, solid roasting rack. This rack is very nice and heavy-duty. I cooked an 18lb turkey on it with ease. The non-stick coating seems durable enough for the purpose 
Quality. Riedel is always a quality product. You can never go wrong with them.  
Quality product!. This is a great curtain. It s listed as a liner but I use it as the shower curtain itself. It s heavier than most and not stiff 
Great option at first, motor seems to lose power after a while. 03 29 2007 update: OK, I have had this for a couple of months now, and I have 
Excellent product. Not only my copper cookware shines, this even cleans the rust on the bottom of my cast iron cookware. A very good product  
The best canner pressure cooker I ve owned... I do lots of cooking and canning - sometimes just for family, sometimes for large gatherings - and this cooker has made 
Very pretty and elegant-looking. I finally got iced tea spoons! No more burned, wet fingers from stirring tea with a short spoon. These have a simple, graceful design. The shiny 
Tickled Pink!. I am thrilled with this product. I make ALOT of homemade fries and this is now one of the best kitchen helpers I have. Yes, you have to 
I loved it. I was glad to see the unit arrived without damage- despite poor packaging supplied by the manufacturer . The unit works great!  
Patio decor enhancer. The assembly was a bit tedious, forty 40 bolts to be tightened with a hex tool, even for a do-it-yourself-er like myself.But upon completion is was well 
corelle mug. excellent for storing food in the refrigerator and then heating that same food in the microwav  
a must have. If you decorate cakes, you need to have a cake stand. I m not a professional but enjoy is as a hobby. It s quite handy  
Cat adores this bed!. I bought the bed for my new puppy, but the moment I put it down the cat ran into it and wouldn t come out. He 
Norpro Butter Keeper. I really like my butter keeper. It does exactly what it was advertised to do.  
Sharp knives, takes practice. I ve owned one for five years and my knives are razor sharp. It took me a little practice before I realized I was using it 
Perfect size! The one pan that does it all!. I just received my Le Creuset Casserole a few weeks ago and LOVE it! I was a little on the fence 
Even my fat cat loves this!. I bought this after I read it was recommended by the author of Cat vs. Cat . I have 3 cats - a stuck-up 
Nice color. This tablecloth is a little stiff, so the folds don t really come out even after it s been on the table for a few weeks. Otherwise, it 
Best ironing board!. I recently got my ironing board, and I must tell you that is the best thing I ever had for ironing. It s size is adequate for 
They are small but beautiful!!. Well they do not have that marble texture but they still add alot to a room. I have not burned the candles yet because I 
Works as described ... This little unit works well. I had a cat accident in a very cramped area in my basement that ended up causing a very nasty smell 
BREWER. PRODUCT MEETS MY REQUIREMENTSMAKES GOOD TASTING COFFEEONLY COMPLAINT: IT IS DIFFICULT TO PUT BACK THE COFFE FILTER HOLDE  
Inviting Salad Set. This lovely salad set will be a great addition to any lunch or dinner setting. The serving bowl is much larger than I anticipated -- and great 
Beautiful, elegant placesettings. This dinnerware looks rich and elegant. You can feel the quality in each piece when you hold it in your hands. I got white and I couldn 
great bowls. these bowls are great . my husband loves them. the shipping was on time even though i ordered the week before Christmas  
Peaceful kitties. This product really works! I have 9 cats and fighting was inevitable. My only complaint is that the product barely lasts a month. It s rather expensive, but 
optima vaccuum. Very good suction and light weight Dust cup is easy to empty, but dust does cling to the filter. The extension hose is a bit short and sometimes 
Chef s Choice 632 Food Slicer. The performance of our food slicer is exceeding our expectations. It slices items like hard salami super thin without difficulty. It even works in 
Big, Soft Towels - A Great Bargain!. When these towels arrived at my home, I was surprised by how big and soft they were. Most kitchen towels I have had 
Power! ... and decent on the allergies. This corded little vac is your answer if you re sick of cordless vacs that don t hold their power like I was. 
Works with booklite. Good combination. I keep the booklite at the computer so the adapter is nice to have, no worry about changing batteries  
Marvelous Steamer ! ! !. I ordered this item when my American Tourister steamer also made by Franzus began leaking after more than 20 years of faithful service both on 
THE COOLING FAN. My sister recently bought 2 of these fans and I had to get 2 also because I really liked them....and of course, I like having the remote 
We like our Dualit percolator!. Bought our Dualit percolator before I read all the negative reviews; Have to disagree: our works perfectly, seems to be very well made; makes good 
Good starter juicer. This was my first juicer and I felt it was a good buy.I do not know if this model comes in appliance white yet, but the black 
turner. just what i needed to get under items close to the sides of the pa  
Great Orange Juice!!!!!. I love this juicer because it is heavy enough to stay in place, and it extracts all juices. It s really easy to clean. I had a 
Great set of barstools. I purchased these barstools about a year ago. They were quite simple to assemble I m not the best at assembling things . Once put together, 
Beautiful but on the small side. They are very pretty. I love the coloring and the high gloss. I just was expecting them to be a bit bigger.  
Just what I expected. I live in a solar electric home so I don t use an electric coffeemaker. This is a good alternative that brews 1 good cuppa at 
Best Mitts Yet. I just today received the pair of OXO silicone oven mitts I ordered and used them immediately for today s bread baking, which involved getting a hot 
Knife sharpening is not a dull subject... After my wife complained that our kitchen knives were getting too dull to use, I set out to find a good knife sharpener 
SPODE FOR CHRISTMAS. THIS IS A LOVLEY PIECEMY SISTER LOVED ITSHE HAS A COLLECTION OF SPODE AND WANTED THIS PIECEAND I FOUND I  
Never going back. My husband won t enjoy his morning coffee from any other maker. We love Chemex  
Kitchen Aid stands behind what they sell. I ordered my first mixer... it was shiney, and I was excited to use it. The first time I used the mixer it 
801 mugs any color. Several resturants in our area use these mugs because of their strength and certainly their varied colors that make any table setting look good. I personally 
Great Product. This product is exactly what i thought it would be. Ive been looking for a wheeled hamper for a long time now so i was very happy to 
Sheets are great!. I read all the reviews to these sheets AFTER I purchased the sheets and so was extremely skeptical when I received the sheets. The sheets ARE heavy. 
Breakfast of champions. I like cooking breakfast. My family likes eating breakfast.This griddle is perfect for cooking up a bunch of eggs, pancakes, sausages, croissants fried with butter, yum for 
Useful Tool for Bakers. This is a well made product that makes life much easier for bakers. It is perfect for chopping bulk chocolate and minimizes the time it would 
replacement. Our old Melitta broke one day; we use it to make tea each morning. We tried three stores in our area and could not find another one similiar to 
Dry Clean Only!. Seems nice but I wish I had known it was to be dry cleaned only : That will be difficult with a new baby and pets  
Just what I was looking for. I was looking for a tool to process the exotic fruit I grow, and Amazon had the largest selection  
Fabulous for the price!. These sheets are the best deal I ve seen on deep pocket sheets. It s so hard to find sheets to fit our bed. They are 
Excellent!. This is an excellent boiler, with all the features anyone familiar with the concept will expect. Dependable, remarkably efficient and convenient. Highest reccommendation  
Whirley-Pop Stovetop Popcorn Popper. This is a great popcorn popper. Not only is the popcorn the best but cleanup is a snap. Will never go back to microwave popcorn  
Held up to some serious hi-test urine!. Thanks to an obscure medical condition, our son s urine is highly acidic. Remember Alien ? Remember the alien s acid blood that 
I want to buy this item but..................... I haven t noticed any complaints about the way the carafe on the coffee pot pours? I have the XP2010 and you have 
Great Gift for a Rachael Ray Fan. My wife loves Rachael Ray and was very excited to receive this cutting board set as a Christmas gift  
Great Glasses. We live in Mexico and therefore drink tequila quite often. Most Mexicans will tell you that the only way to drink tequila is in a caballito or shot 
It pops popcorn... Maybe one or two kernels end up on the floor. Perhaps others were overloading it. Healthy alternative to greasy potato chips  
nice coffee maker. this maker pours well and has a soft handle. we actually found one at a department store so we were able to see it in person before 
Mission Folding Bookcase. This bookcase was fast and easy to set up, and it fits perfectly in the small space I have for it. The one thing I would change 
Soft and thick. These sheets are an exceptional value. They are very thick and extremely soft. The color was even nicer than pictured  
A must have for any kitchen!. This is a fantastic shaker mixer that is designed well and is ergonomically shaped to fit your hand. This mixer thoroughly blasts any chunks 
Beautiful and functional. I love this teapot. The colors are beautiful. They are bright and vibrant. It is also a completely funcitonal teapot. Not just a pretty shelf peice. It 
This is the only way to drink tequila . . . . . . this glass and, of course, a good tequila. As a resident of Mexico for four years 
easy weighing. This is an excellent set of scales. The display is very good, easy to read both in lbs and kg. The tray is a good size and can 
it s ingenious as a humidifer. It s of course bogus to point out the German social system as reason for the price. A free market is characterized by supply 
lello 2200 pasta maker. Love it! Simple...easy...makes great pasta...fun! No problems with it...sturdy and heavy duty...highly recommend it  
Great quality item. For the price, you can t beat the quality and size of this dish. I d like several more  
Excellent and Elegant. I am usually wary of things coming in fancy boxes but these knives have turned out to be fantastic. I purchased them without my wife knowing for 
Wallace Venetian good buy. I received the flatware and was very pleased. It has a nice weight and is shiny. Great for everyday use or special occasions. I just wish 
great little food processor. My husband got me this mini prep processor for Christmas and I love it. It is great for making fine cracker crumbs and stuff for breading. 
Floor cleaning. The Bissell Flip-It saves me a lot of time cleaning floors and does a more thorough job than a mop  
Great product for the price. My son just loves this. It is well made, the material is soft, and the price was great  
Duck with cherries, rabbit with kasha anyone?. In addition to all the beautiful words said about Le Creuset I want to add several things that I haven t seen anywhere 
perfect for a short trip. I purchased this in advance of a quick three day trip. We live in the middle of nowhere and I cannot expect someone to come 
Very useful in a house that lacks storage space. I use this item as additional pantry space. The kitchen in my new apartment is small, and didn t have enough 
Beautiful!. The picture on the website really doesn t do them any justice. They are beautiful and tough, and I m so glad I got them  
Great - Fast and Simple. No problems whatsoever - arrived as expected in less than expected time. Thanks  
Great product!. This is simply a great timer... very easy to use and you don t have to push a key repeatedly to reach a number to count down from 
pretty good. They re pillowcases. They hold my pillows well. Good fabric and stitching. Comfortable  
Nice product. The three bowls are nice, but on the heavy side due to the fact that they are stoneware. I failed to read that part and thought they would 
A cool splurge. These are just nice. Nice quality, great design, decent price. They are easy to clean, easy to use, easy to hang - easy to like. Get them 
Great Performace. The wireless fence worked great for our mixed bread lab. She understood where the boundary was within 2 days. The idea that the collar gives an auditory signal 
Awesome!!. How can you not love 800 thread count? I love the sheets and the price was too good not to pass up. I highly recommend this product  
great little machine. Compact, quiet, great suction, and suction control options. Simple to use. The telescopic wand is great, as are the 360 degree turning wheels. The two different temporary 
EASY DOES IT. The Loren set was assembled except for the table and securely packed. Good workmanship. I recommend the set  
Absolutely great. I have a number of booklites, different vendors, different styles, some AC adapter, some straight battery, cheap to higher prices, and this one is the best, the brightest, 
Versatile and good additional piece. The 3 quart saucepan is a great piece. The lid has perforated holes to allow either steam to excape, or when cooking pasta, the elimination 
GREAT COLOR. This food coloring was the best I have ever used. It is very concentrated. I obtained several different shades of purple by adding just a tiny bit each 
Better than advertised!. I love my cat but detested the cat box. After reading the reviews I bought this and it is the best buy of the year! No smell, 
My Kids Love the Mickey Wafflemaker!. We went on a Disney cruise recently and my children had Mickey waffles almost every day for breakfast. I checked online to see if 
Excellent product. I have been using Airbake pizza pans for at least ten years, if not longer. My original ones are still in great condition. I spray the pan with 
Eliminate mess and odor!. Wow I am very impressed with this product! I have 3 indoor-only cats. When I first saw this product in the pet store I thought this 
Excellent Towels for the Price. These towels are an excellent bargain. They are just the right size for wrapping my hair in and still big enough to dry off with. 
Very pleased with purchase. Mikasa s dishes blend well with my Paltzgraf Gazebo collection, extending my adventure in white dishes into the second 20 years of our marriage. These are 
may deserve 5 stars... solid, well made, cool looking and I think works well. wife doesn t like it because only a small amount of pepper per pump, which is 
Awesume confetti color!. My daugter moved into her 5 bedroom home recently, and loves her small powder room downstairs right off the living room. She decided to go Bold with 
Great for &quot;ON THE GO&quot;. I just received my Zojirushi Duel Coffeemaker and it lives up to my expectation. It distributes coffee evenly into both cups and the cups are 
Sheet review. I bought this as a gift. I was told that the 800 count label was applied on the package over a 250 count label. The sheets feel like 
Good but not Wonderful. I hate giving a less than perfect review, but I have found this product to be a bit disappointing. Maybe it is me that is not 
GREATEST THING SINCE TUNAFISH. MY SON IS A CHEF AND RECOMMENDED THIS ITEM. BEING AN OBEDIENT MOTHER, I PURCHASED IT. IT WAS FABULOUS. IT CUTS AS FAST AS HE DOES, 
fabulous sheets. Fabulous sheets. Great price and the quality is excellent. Purchased them for my granddaughters. They love the color  
A little beauty. What a lovely pan. Heavy without needing daily gym visits to manage lifting and a great non-stick surface. Just about the right size for 1 or 2 
Wonderful and Waterproof. This is a wonderful mitt! By being waterproof, it maintains insulation even when I accidentally stick my thumb into some of my hot cooking.I purchased mitts for 
great hand-held sharpner. For a relatively inexpensive sharpner this does a super job, and the scissor sharpner is a welcome extra  
A big funnel and worth the cost. This funnel is bigger than I expected and for the cost it should have been. It is very nicely made with a very 
Purchased as a Xmas gift. Extremely satisfied with this purchase. Even though it was purchased as a late Xmas gift was ordered on 12 21 and was told it would 
Functional opener and helps to avoid splitting a cork. I found the Pedrini double lever opener to be a good buy. There are many others which look similar, but look 
Great piece, I love it. I wanted a small table to put in my guest room to put the tv on. When I saw this piece on the website I 
sturdy basics. if you re like me, and suddenly need glassware, this is a great choice.let s say i got a little sauced at a bar with friends, was feeling 
Over-the-Sink Board. The metal-plastic coated rods at the ends of the board slide very easily inward and outward thereby subjecting the board to fall into the sink.The board received had 
Gimme a break. ... I received this set and it s gorgeous, and in the colors stated in the description. Perhaps the other customer should have called Amazon and let 
Great Machine, Great Price. I read mixed reviews on the XP4050 on the web, with some folks tagging it as unreliable or noisy, or in several cases DOA. I decided 
Flip it is awesome!. As a military spouse, we move, and have different types of floors that need cleaning. I have hard floors pretty much througout every room in my 
Contour Pillows. An excellent value! I have been looking out for this type of pillow and was so pleased to see the Amazon ad.Quite comfortable -- I have neck problems 
at long last!. i dont have a lot of extra money so i couldnt justify buying this while i had a handmixer that worked.needless to say, last saturday, my hand 
powerful little electric broom. i own an oreck vacuum for the rugs in the kids room, but 75 of my house approx 1500 sq. feet is sealed hardwood oak floors. 
Better than other sticker adhesive removers. Un-Du is a much better product than the other similar type adhesive removers Goo-Gone, Goof Off, etc. because it is safe for plastic. Those 
Rowenta Steamer. This machine is amazing. I ve been wanting a professional grade steamer for a very long time. It is simple to assemble and use. I had to wait 
It s the right size. I was looking for a smaller electric skillet. This one fits the bill. Easy to clean. I use it weekly to cook all kinds of 
Great for grinding pepper. I liked it a lot better than I thought I would. The plastic feels nice and smooth and it grinds well. It doesn t have a 
Great everyday wine glass. This glass is not really ideal for any wine, but it s a great everyday glass for everyday use, and it s an excellent tasting glass. 
Comfy neck pillow. I overheard a flight attendant raving about the Neckbones and also saw it reviewed highly in Shape magazine. I still have not tried it in the car 
making the bags work. When you have problems with the bags puncturing or with liquids leaking, try using paper towels or wax paper to wrap the food items in. Wax 
Life-saver. This shower filter is awesome! I just moved into my apartment and have always had soft water prior to this. The filter really helped with my hair It was 
Great pizzelle maker. I have had another pizzelle maker for 20 years. The PREGO is so much better. It s easy to use. Clean up is fast. The pizzelles are 
Holmes #HFH105 1500Watt Portable Heater. The product works as well as I expected it to, but it is a little louder than I had expected  
Cool little blender. I use this blender to make protein shakes every day, and it handles blending frozen fruit very easily, and best of all takes up very little counterspace. 
Still Going Strong!. I got a Good Chef pizza stone as a wedding gift about 3 and a half years ago. I was still a novice pizza chef, so it 
Good Product. I like the depth of this container. I use it more for storage than as a marinator because of its depth. This is excellent for keeping berries fresh. 
Knives are great, block should be redesigned. This set was a replacement for a 30 set I owned. The knives are a huge improvement, sharp, no flexing when cutting through 
Krups FBC512 in white. This toaster oven works well. It has various presets for pizza and bagelsthat makes it very easy to use. For bagels it toasts the top and 
Great item. Love my butter bell.. Visited a friend of mine this summer and she is a butter lover and English so she had one of these and suggested that 
This stuff works great!. We have a cat boarding business & have the occasional guest that has accidents. We take pride in hosting a clean environment and insist that our 
If I could only own one pot pan.... I love this pot pan dutch oven. It can do everything! Bakes fantastic crusty bread...sautees vegetables for a cassarole and then goes 
Works as advertised. Works good and has a long loud ring if you turn it to 60 and then back to the time you want  
Elegant dinnerware. This item was more than I expected. I received all the pieces that was advertised. The color of the plates were not a red that i expected, but 
Really Sharp. This knife is the lightest and sharpest chef s knife I have ever used. I ve been showing off to everyone in my restaurant just how sharp it 
Awesome Dehumidifier. I bought the unit to control the humidity problems we were having in our home. The musty smell in the room is gone now. All we need to 
Versatile!. Why worry about where you are going to store that china to be used only on special occassions? While this simple but elegant pattern can be used on special 
Very Good Product. I gave these as a gift to my mother for Christmas. She could not have thanked me enough. A very good product for the price  
I love these pans!. I did some research on pans because I wanted some for Christmas to replace the old ones. I have a 10 inch skillet, 4.5 quart sauce 
Great filter: Just put on an extra rubber washer!. For all you people out there who have a hard time stopping a Brita filter system from leaking, just pop out 
wonderful thing. I recently got diagnosed with allergy to dust. We got this gadget for the bedroom. We try to keep the door closed and run it on low med 
SS Skimmer. Good kitchen tool but the 14 handle is a bit too long. It should be 3 shorter  
MyPod for Senseo. This is really great - it makes only a single cup but of any kind of coffee - you can get it at your local walmart without 
Happy pet owner. The Mattress Tool is the most used tool from my Dyson DC14 Animal Upright Vacuum collection. I inherited a cat who assumes my queen size bed is 
Geat Curtain. The Hookless Shower Curtain was so easy to install that it didn t hurt my arthritic hands. It hangs nicely and, on the rounded curtain rod, doesn t 
Greatest Ever. I burned up countless lesser spatulas before I found this one. Try as I might, I can not damage it. Not even in cast iron cookware. Get one 
Works wonders!!!. My dog had ear problems for years and finally came across this product. Cleared it up in one week, with only a couple of applications. I d highly 
Great oversized towels. For the price these bath sheets are great! Very soft and plush. Exactly what I was expecting  
Awesome spoons!. These are a great addition to your kitchen for those of you who LOVE red, as I do and are looking for an alternative to wood. They don 
worth it. These aren t great sheets by any means, but for the price they are nice. They re comfortable. They seem large though, I might need to try to 
Excellent product. Works well. You can adjust the mill to grind pepper to your desired level of granularit  
Impressive. These little cutting boards are excellent. Ordered 2 more after finding the first one so useful. We love the fact that they solve the dripping issue and make excellent 
Solid and sturdy, it does what you want a toaster oven to do. Broil, toast and bake. Those are the three things I look for my toaster to do. It 
Great vacuum for the price. This vacuum was very reasonably-priced and the suction is phenomenal! It puts my old vacuum to shame. Every carpet in my house feels flufflier after 
Good Replacement Parts. I have had the Krups Crystal Arome #398 for almost 8 years now and the original carafe just broke. This replacement fits the coffee maker just fine, 
Crafter s Creative Helper. This neat little organizer, plus its coordinating friends, has turned my collection of beading supplies, scrapbooking supplies, paints, glues and assorted treasures from scary to streamlined, 
Worth Every Penny!. You won t believe how much difference a shower filter can make, & this one is wonderful! My brush & comb just glide through my long hair 
So comfy!!. These sheets are so pretty and really comfy silky. THey are tough to get wrinkles out though  
The best. I have been cooking on cast iron cookware for about 35 years,it is what I was taught to cook on. My Great aunt and MOM used only cast 
Great mixing bowls!. Love the bright colors on these bowls. They are super functional too and the sizes seems to work well for various mixing jobs.  
Obsession. Harley has always shown a polite interest in toys. He will dutifully chase the tennis ball for a few minutes before settling down for a nap, one eye half 
Works pretty well, but wrong size adapters!. I was really annoyed for a day or two when I got this, because it definitely did not fit on any faucet in 
Very pleased. I m very pleased with this cutting board - it is functional and washes well. I leave it sitting on my counter at all times because it s 
Gorgeous!. This is a very handsome set on my countertop. The tools are very well-made and have exceptionally comfortable and sturdy handles. My favorites are the omelet turner and the 
very useful should be included with vacuum. The low reach tool is very useful and easy to use, fast to attach and good on every surface. With this tool you 
It does not have a sound option. I bought one of these based on the Amazon product description that says it has a sound option. When I received it I 
Great Cooking Gear. My wife and I first purchased Calphalon Contemporary Nostick cooking gear about a year ago. We both love them. Not only do they cook evenly and quickly, 
GranPappy. It was a Christmas gift, truly enjoyed by my grandson who loves to cook with supervision . It s easy to store, and able to keep the oil in 
Love It!!. I use mine in the closet where we have two litter boxes for our cats. You don t realize it s working because you can t smell anything 
beautiful, but small. This is another gorgeous piece by fiesta. It is lovely and functional. My only issue is that the dimensions state it is 12 tall, when it is 
good size. I have 2 of these mugs in plum. They are the perfect size for cereal, soup and hot chocolat  
I like it so far!. I just used it for the first time today and I made a very nice pizza that was very crispy on the bottom unlike with 
Great Product, Great Price. I have several brands of silicone baking mats and these are just as good as the ones costing twice as much... highly recommended  
Make the pot removeable!. The only reason this doesn t get 5 stars is the fact that you can NOT take out the pot.You also cannot immerse this in water, 
Great supplemental light. Okay, I haven t used this while reading in bed yet...but as a supplemental light for uses in areas of minimal lighting, it s great!The light isn 
Very practical!. These may not be a cute as the tabletop salt and pepper shakers the smaller round ones but let me tell you that having the handles makes a 
Very nice gift. I ordered this wine tote as a gift and was pleased how fast it was shipped. I live in Alaska and had ordered the bag last Thursday...it 
I LOVE THIS GRILL!. I wanted to replace my George Foreman grill and happened upon the Hamilton Beach Indoor Grill at this site. After reading the ratings from other consumers, 
Fine for inexpensive can opener. I like the color. It s a little bigger than I thought and the arm pops off alot but as far as opening a can 
Great for the office!. This is a wonderful, inexpensive little space heater that functions perfectly for my needs over-airconditioned office . It s unfortunate that this item has received so 
one of My boys bought this and.... This is a GREAT shower curtain, it resists stains and it pretty well made, specially for the price  
Delonghi portable radiator heater. Arrived in great condition. As indicated in the directions, there was a slight burning smell the first time I used it. I haven t had that 
The Little Magic Wand. Rarely would I give an ordinary vacuum attachment a five star rating, but this is far from ordinary.I was impressed first off with the packaging. Usually 
just what the doctor orderd. this is a great product!!! it works great!! it makes a cake look great with holiday theme....product is built to last two life times and 
Attractive and functional. This is a clever design that really works. It heats up quickly and you can simply lift the kettle and use it anywhere without dragging the cord 
Dogs LOVE the sound and get so excited. . . could be more durable though. . . My dogs just go crazy over the sound this toy makes! Excellent exercise 
Best little fan ever. I love this little fan. It s perfect for cooling one person. I have it on my nite table and use it every night. Amazingly quiet 
Forget the foot switch -- it has a timer!!!. I got this for my old SF apartment where I have no heat in the bathroom and the room gets terribly 
Simpe, useful, cheap. What could be better?. Since there s no picture, here s a little useful information:Unlike most of the kitchen thermometers, this one is laid out with the 
Good Gadget. For very little money, you get an easy to use and sturdy corkscrew  
Great bed for little animals.. My family has two dogs, and I bought it for the older one, but the puppy liked it so much. Now the older one just 
The BEST Cervical roll-- for me, at least. As a physical therapist who suffers from neck pain, this is the ONLY pillow that I can use without waking up to 
Two years and running. This gadget works well if you do not overfill it. The MISTO website says to put no more than 1 3 cup of oil in it. 
Great Product - but be aware where you buy. I find myself somewhat in a dilemma as I am writing this review. To avoid any confusion, let me start out 
Simply the Best. I have used this Taylor thermometer for years and it is reliable, accurate and easy to use. You can use it in the oven while the meat, 
Loving them. Purchased these BRIGHT pink sheets for my 22 year old daughter. The fun bold color and the HIGH quality are beyond my expectations. She has only two sets 
My poochies ought to be bald, WE LOVE THE FURMINATOR!. I have a Jack Russell Terrier and a Rat Terrier. Both have that short wiry hair that sticks to EVERYTHING, 
Works Like a Charm. One of my biggest challenges in baking pies is to ensure that I don t burn the crust while baking the pie itself. This shield really 
Easy to use. This little factory is great. The tube is easy to fill, use & squeeze; and surprisingly, it turned out 1000 better than any we have ever had. 
Great for College!!. I bought this set for my daughter who is in college. She was doing her kitchen in fat chef . According to her, My dishes are great! 
COPPER OR STAINLESS STEEL CLEANER. I HAVE USED THIS FOR YEARS ON MY REVERE PANS. IT WORKS GREAT. MAKES THE PANS LOOK LIKE NEW.  
A Great deep fryer. It s hard to have much to say about such a simple device. This is number five or six from Presto. They ve all worked great 
Gorgeous Shape. A wonderful bowl to use as a table centerpiece. The pedestal bottom is subtle and still allows for stacking when storing. As far as serving, the bowl is 
Last Blender you ll ever need. Bulky, noisy and takes up lots of space - BUT it is the greatest drink mixer you ll ever buy. My wife is the 
My banana s still think they are on the tree!. Do your banana s turn brown and mushy before you have a chance to eat them? This used to be 
It is shaaaaaarp!. I bought one for my daughter a year ago and finally bought one of my own recently and it is the most amazing knife imaginable. As a 
 9.95 for the best design. I wish these would go on sale like the heart version. It is so much fun to poke the cookie dough off through the 
Great Vacuum. I like everything about this vacuum cleaner...the tools fit nicely in the body of the cleaner, it is easy to wheel around and the cord retracts. You can 
The right tool for the job. I m at a point in my life where I am developing a taste for quality, and can finally afford the kind of quality 
Super towels!. Great towels.....they are soft, absorbent and thick. Super value for the money. I would buy them over and over again  
French Press Coffee Maker. After a period of eighteen months of burning out three different bands of automatic coffee makers Mr Coffee etc and each having spouts that seemed to 
I m OK with Robots taking over the world if they also do my chores... I m OK with Robots taking over the world if they don t mind doing 
Well worth the money!. I d been thinking about buying a blender for making smoothies, milkshakes etc. for ages but instead made do with the ordinary blenders made exclusively for 
The Best. i just can say, you must have one at home....helpfull and resistant...wonderfull piece for the kichen..  
He can t put it down... a great combination toy that allows him to enjoy the visual stimulation of feathers and the ability to grip the plush carrot body - 
coffee pot review. the machine works very well. My complaints are minor, but annoying, namely the off and on switch is so small that during the day you can t 
Dyson Dusting Brush. A great purchase! I use it on just about everything. Forget the Pledge...it just moves the dust around. The Dyson eliminates it! Hello, to a dust-free home 
Luv it. 5 Stars. This is a doorway curtain, not a window curtain. The spaces between the strands is exactly as shown. It s a dcor accent, not a light 
Not bad!!. As with everything, I went on a search of all mug warmers in the universe before buying this one. I found a universal complaint of ALL mug warmer 
Most beautiful cocktail glass I ve ever seen. I ve yet to find a finer looking cocktail glass. A friend who doesn t even like martinis asked me to make 
Open French Skillet. I purchased this product as a gift, and it turned out to be absolutely wonderful. The color is a beautiful red which matched the kitchen. It is 
Great pizza stone. For an inexpensive pizza stone, it does the job. If you re looking for something that is more versatile, look somewhere else. This stone is primarily for 
You light up my night. I wish I would have bought the regular one instead of the paperback version. I love this light. I can see everything and don t 
great canisters. I love these canisters. They are pleasing to the eye, easy to get into, and different enough to feel unique  
GOOD VALUE. I purchased the I-Roast 2, after having decent luck with I-Roast 1. Hearthware seems to have corrected some of the very minor flaws with version 1 and I 
it s a towel!. I am pleased. It is not a cheap discount towel, nor is it a super-plush towel. It looks good and it washes well  
Fast and Beautiful!. I received this hutch just three days after I ordered it, and it was in flawless shape when it got here. The color is beautiful, and the 
Durable, easy to clean. I ve had this a couple years and it shows no signs ofdecay or staining cleaned many times in an automaticdish washer  
Good Buy!. Bought this for my mother as a gift. For years she has bought microwave bags, and was sceptical when I mentioned this idea. Well, no more. In her 
RIVET!. Great item, does its job in the kitchen. Looks great as well, love all Calphalon products  
Excellent edge, some design flaws. I baught my 8 global chef s knife about 5 years ago. It has been of great use in the kitchen and remains one of 
Great but loud. Great dehumidifier. Works very well. Takes gallons of water out of my house. I love everything about it except one detail. It s loud. I can t 
Good for hard cheeses, not so great for soft ones. Asiago cheese works well in this grater, but softer cheeses like cheddar and especially mozzarella tend to get smooshed through 
The Best Pot In The House. I never though that I would pay 99 for a pot, but I m glad I spent the money on this one. It arrived 
Mice are nice. These colorful and furry little mice are great for cats that enjoy chasing small toys. They are treated with catnip, but to be honest, I don t 
Great Knives. Great item, I would reccomend them for anyone in the market for new cutlery  
Absolute best buy in a Chef s knife. I bought this knife after reading a review of 8 inch Chef s Knives in Cook s Illustrated. They rated this knife 
THE BEST KNIFE EVER. NEED I SAY MORE???? EASY TO HOLE AND MANEUVER THROUGH ANYTHIN  
Fantastic. I have had this product for a couple of days now and don t know why I never tried it before. It works great and you don t have 
Ideal for Pet Hair. The Miele vacuum cleaner is already a substantial investment, but I recommend the turbobrush for those models that don t come with one. It s an 
This is a charming item worth the investment!. A perfect deep, well-shaped 8 BIG ozs. in a great shade of almost crimson red. Consider this an investment for lots of 
Very cute - but requires responsibly. I have this tank sitting on my desk at the office and have had a beautiful healthy beta living in it for over two 
Aquarium review. This was for my husband, it is our third aquarium. We have one outside, and 2 inside. He decided it was time to upgrade some of his older 
Okey. It works fine. However, it arrived without a base and Amazon was unable to find a replacement part or another fan like it. Foertunately I was able to rig 
cookin with little people. These are fabulous for giving preschoolers independence in the kitchen. I can simply ask my son to give us two scoops of the yellow, one scoop 
SMART BUY!!. This product is the best on the market. Others don t come close. With 4 teenagers you have to have a clothes system that works. This does  
Nice look but doesn t retain heat. The black cup is unique and eye catching but the lid is not airtight and therefore leaks and does not keep the liquids 
Apron Accessories Galore. This collection from CooknStyle is superb. I bought several aprons, oven mitts, and pot holders for my wife for Christmas. As a woman who loves to cook 
Upper back pains solved. I spent a lot of time and money on physical therapy for my weak upper back muscles. I ve tried all sorts of specialized pillows for 
Constantly in use in our house. My thoughtful guy stopped off at a Le Creuset outlet and called me from the store: Hey, I m at the Le Creuset outlet 
love it!. I used to have a Cuisinart, and I gave it to Goodwill after buying this Mandolin. Yeah, the Cuisinart was great and it can do some things this 
Brita filter. This is the second filter Brita that I bought the first one slips off the tap after more than 2 years of usage . I m happy with 
Great Knife. I bought this knife for boning deer, and it works wonderfully! I particularly like the flexible blade as it makes it easier to cut the meat off of 
Slept for 6 days straight... ok just kidding. these pillows are awesome. i prefer a bit more fluff, but i m rating these based on what they are and claim 
nice thermostat. We installed this about a month ago. It was very easy to install and set up. The touch controls are intuitive, so you don t have to drag 
So much fun!. My dog, a heeler sheltie mix, loves this ball. While living in my apartment, she would herd it around the place, but beware when it caught under 
Not for frozen green coconuts. Do not attempt to open frozen, green coconuts with this otherwise delightful knife, unless you want to buy your friends a new one  
50 more free!. I just wanted to add that my order on March 11, 2007 came with 15 dingo stix per package, thats 50 more free, and they are still 
Fiestaware Pie Baker. I like it very much. It works well & easy to clean. I would recommend this product to others  
great dispenser. I received one of these as a gift. I love it! I enjoy a p-nut butter & honey sandwich and this is the best way to apply honey 
Good sheets. These sheets are nice and have held up for a year very well. There was a lot of fuzz in the wash at first but all of the 
Good Deal. This purchase came with 3 stackable racks - I thought it was only one rack. It stores very easily in a compact space and works well. I don 
Works good, just small. I really like this kettle. I ve had it a month and it boils water fast. I like that the kettle is self contained with nothing 
great tool!. This product works great. It allows me to froth milk and use coffee made in a regular coffee pot. Basically I can make lattes without having to have 
Excellent Quality, Assembly, Durability, Usability, Value. This is the fourth size of these shelves I ve gotten. One larger and two smaller - let s call this one large . 
Great machine for office. Life at work wouldn t be quite the same without this and my shots of Buzzworthy. However, I do find it an expensive way to drink 
Perfection. This compact unit is comfortable in the hand, attractive on the counter, and works incredibly! Froths even whole milk so fast. Better than more expensive and bulkier units in 
Great cup of coffee!. I purchased this coffee pot after a lot of consideration. I was very concerned about the comments regarding cleaning the grinding bay. You do have to 
Good size, occasional hot spot. I ordered this crock pot to replace an older version that didn t have a removable crock.What I like about it:- Crock is removable and 
Excellent shaker. I see a lot of people have leaky shakers. Not me. Mine is absolutely perfect. The top strainer piece fits snugly, leak-free, requiring just the right amount of 
Doxie Corn Holders. These were a gift so I have not used them. They were very cute and what I expected in the package  
Awesome Fun, Great Value!. I bought this little thing about 1 week ago, and have been amazed. It works great, comes with spare props, and is one of the slickest 
Pleasant surprise. This is a lovely product. I would buy another one and also recommend it to my friends  
Small problem with the large size. This set has all the quality and good looks that I expected. There is only one problem-it is BIG! The 11&quot; plates are so 
Very good cookware, but exterior is not dishwasher safe. The bodies are made of 1 8 thick aluminum with a full stainless steel lining on the inside. The thick aluminum 
NOT the one Alton Brown recommends... Previous reviewers are attaching Alton Brown s recommendation to this item but unfortunately if you go to his web site you will learn differntly.http: 
Beautiful and Exquisite. I love this set - this is the favorite of all my china teacup sets. I have both Irish and English bone china, and this pattern is 
Excellent Buy...especially from Uncle Joe s!. My husband s family cans every year...but we have never done it. So this year I am heading down to a pick-your-own farm with 
A GREAT fan!. OK, now that we know the instructions are a little hard to follow, and you only get the size you order, let me review the fan itself.The 
I like it. This spice rack saves space in my kitchen cabinet, and makes finding spices while I m cooking SO much easier. I have had no problems with the 
Worth every penny. It isn t often that I find something so inexpensive that performs to my expectations. While you do have to scrub it thoroughly after each use since 
What a great knife!. A friend of my girlfriend came over to cook dinner with us one night and brought her Global knife. After using it to cut vegetables and 
All you need!. This filter is a wonderful 3 part filter. You get the mechanical, biological and chemical filtering all in one easy to use, easy to maintain filter. It 
Martex Diamond Weave Cotton King Blanket. Nice, lightweight blanket for use in the summer. Well made and durable.  
great cleaver for the money. great weight; ok balance; well-made; good quality metal; for the price - a great bargain.  
Simply the BEST. Pies are perfect-Clean up is amazing!!! The cookware is absolutely beautiful. There are few things I pay good money for and even fewer things I end up 
Cordless Hand Blender. The CSB-44N Hand Blender is an amazingly compact Unit.Works great for Drinks and Veg. Puree for Soups.Love the Cordless feature!!  
Simple and effective. I ve had this model or something similar for about the past 8 years, and love it. I inadvertently burnt out the motor on the first one 
Highest Quality. Our original Micro Go Round finally gave up the ghost after twenty years of use. We were happy to find the product still available for purchase, and there 
Party Favorite. This new margarita maker was the hit at out annual family Christmas Party. Easy to use, easy to clean up and best of all it just makes a 
Excellent!. I have this 4 quart saucier pan as well as two of the Mario Batali 6 Quart cast-iron with enamel pots with lids. These are oven safe!!! I believe 
Comfortable, sharp, nice Quality. I first tried the Shun chefs knife and loved it. This paring knife is great. Everything I want from a paring knife; Sharp, Comfortable, just flexible 
Delivers on promise. I bought this kettle for our office, since we needed boiling water for tea and such.It does everything we need, and it s pretty.We haven t had 
Arrived on Time... The item I ordered arrived on time and as pictured so I would order from this seller again  
awesome knife set. I purchased this set for my husband who is a chef. He raves about these knifes. I am happy I made this purchase  
Great Juicer, but hold on to the lid!. I purchased this juicer about a year ago, and it s been great. The only reason it doesn t get 5 stars 
Two Pans In One!. Get both a springform pan great for making cheesecakes and also a more than serviceable bundt pan for angel food and pound cakes in the same 
Perfect vacuum cleaner for small apartment overrun by cat fur or other similar things. This baby assembles in 2 minutes so you ll be vacuuming in no time. The user 
Decent bag. The oxygen vacuum this goes in works great, I used to think the bags cost too much but the first 5 pack I got last me a year 
This is a cast iron skillet. As a ceramic cooktop owner who loves cast iron, I had to invest in some enameled cast iron. Unenameled cast iron may scratch the 
Yummy Homemade Yogurt. I ve had my yogurt maker for about 18 months now and still love it! I once had a Salton back in the 1980s , but I 
Great heater though slighly large. I bought this heater to head my bedroom finished basement. The room is 16 x21 with 9 food ceilings. The heater does a fantastic job 
Premier Citronella Spray Refills for Premier Anti-Bark Collars. Firstly, we have found Premier brand s new Citronella battery-operated Anti-Bark Collars with on off switch for Dogs to be quite efficient 
Great Buy. We use the fryer in a small to go restaurant setting. We sell barbeque but use the fryer for frys, hot wings, fish and pork chops. We use 
Smaller than it looks which is better!. I purchased this as a gift for my son who loves anything dipped in chocolate. He had his eye on the much larger 
Convient storage. The product shipped great. Only problem was that one lid did not come with a seal on it so it had to be returned. The colors are great 
FiestaWare brings color to life. This is a great set of dinnerware!! After 25 years, my husband and I decided to bring some color into our lives by replacing our 
Good sheets for the price. I have read all the reviews on this product and some people pick and complain about these sheets. They are 300 thread count for a 
Like New Pots After Every Meal!!. I am totally satisfied with this product! Out of all the other recommendations on the web for cleaning stainless steel pots pans, this is 
I Love my NESCO !!!!!. I have had my nesco for 6 years and I have two of them. One is 6 quarts and the other one 18 quarts. I 
Great for Cooking, Serving, & Storing . I took a chance on ordering these, and I m glad I did. They are heavy-duty! I like the handles as I do 
Great little opener. Bought this for my Mom and had a chance to check it out and use it during a Thanksgiving visit.Pros:1. Very sturdy and feels well made. Has 
Great for the office!. I ve had it for several months now, using it daily, and it s performed very well! Here is the deal with temperatures. If you place 
fresh step ease. Great product that makes everything so much easier and tidier.Our cats enjoy the crystal litter very much  
Still learning... Having never worked at a Starbucks or otherwise, I only knew that I liked boutique coffees more than Folgers, et al.. Trusting the products lines of the local 
Great Item and Great Value. This set is attractive and well made. A great value for the money! The crackers are nice and sturdy and I m confident that they 
Great Protection. This product is more substantial than the one we previously got from Cost Plus, works better, and has a small hole in the top for steam, useful. Keeps 
As easy as cutting warm butter... Why did I ever use the elbow greese and stone methode to sharpen my knives? I recieved this sharpener as a gift. setup was 
AMAZING. Hands down the absolute best cookware Ive ever tried, and I LOVE to cook!Ok so the debate about teflon getting hot and gassing off is scary. Swiss Diamond says 
Good job Drinkwell!!!. I have two cats and I definteley spoil them rotten! When I first decided to get a water fontain for my cats I chose the Petmate Freshflow 
Yes! A product that does what it promises to do. After spending hundreds of dollars and hours upon hours of my time washing my floor with Swiffer type products I 
It is a wooden spoon. I must confess that I do not use this spoon a whole lot, but when I do it serves its purpose well. I have no 
Beautiful. These knives are so beautiful and sharp. Although a bit expensive, the quality is stunning. I purchased my set w a free cutting board 60 value and and free 
I can still have kids!. I have had a Lapinator for six months now and it has performed exceptionally. It may not do much, but it does it well. Comfortable 
Excellent coffee. First, let me say that this product makes excellent coffee. I usually regret drinking regularly-brewed coffee because of the acid, but I ve been drinking this cold-brewed coffee 
Steam Fast A600-016 EZ Stand for Models SP-660, SF-661, and SF-680. Stand is sturdy. I m satisfied with it  
It s ok. It works as it should, but it really does not hold alot and has to be refilled often if you use sugar as much as I do. 
Excellent item. This was exactly as expected and an ample size. It looks nice and is a better value than some of the cheap, too-small stainless steel ice buckets available 
LOVE THESE BOWLS. These are called Fruit Bowl but they are the perfect size for a couple of scoops of ice cream  
Nice quality cotton sheets. My wife and I find these cotton sheets to be very comfortable. The higher thread count makes them nice a thick  
no soggy cookies. I got this cookie jar for Christmas. It was the style I have been looking for. I was aware of the review about soggy cookies, however I 
Great pad. This is a nice, thick pad, and an excellent bargain. You probably won t find a better pad, especially at this price  
Nice Sheets. These are great sheets. They are comfortable, sturdy, and very well made. The colors are also vibrant and there is an almost satin feel to them. Definitely a 
Great product. I just bought this one a month ago, its work fine and take care of my hung 450sqft living room. The timer funtion is best, you can break 
Best Krumkake baker ever!!. After spending many years using a manual cast-iron stove-top Krumkake baker, shoulder arthritis made it impossible. I actually dreaded the season and the Krumkake I always 
The ultimate kitchen knife. I must say this is one fantastic knife. It is the knife I usually use when prepping a meal sandwiches don t count . When I 
Use no other knives!. I have owned my set of Miracle Blade III knives for over 2 years now and they have NEVER dulled! I use one of the smaller 
Daryl. Our son & daughter-in-law gave us this model for Christmas in 2005 & we love it. In 2006 we gave them this same model  
Cup is exquisite and perfectly balanced in saucer. I have this cup and am very satisfied with it. The design is elegant and lovely to say the least. I enjoy 
my favorite pan. I only have one All-Clad pan I d like to have more . I love this little pan. I use it all the time for cooking different 
Great Product but Poor Shipping!. My only complaint is that Amazon does not properly pack their products. It took 3 attempts to get them here with out any damage! The 
Excellent quality, attractive and does the job!!. I ordered one of these gates to fit a large opening 68 between the foyer and living room. Prior to ordering this gate 
Great quality. I was very impressed with this duvet cover. I searched a long time for a quality cover at a reasonable price. I highly recommend this one. It was 
Very Loud but powerful. A very nice blender... It crushes and purees, just about anything.. I ve had it for three years now and it is still in great condition, 
Not as bad as the reviews... I agree these aren t the softest I ve ever felt, but I wasn t expecting Egyptian cotton for 30 bucks, either, so I 
By far the BEST coffee maker I ve ever owned... Who wouldn t want to wake up every morning and have not only freshly-brewed, but freshly-ground coffee waiting for them??? 
Cake pans. These pans are made by Ekco and durable. The nice thing is they do not brown the edges like the tephlon coated ones. Just be sure to use 
Awesome for dorms, tea drinkers. This kettle is amazing. It s simple -- you plug it in and flip the switch a light turns on to let you know it 
I like it!. We had an ancient Kitchen Aid and I loved it... but always had to store it in the cupboards since it was so big and clunky. Our 
Great tank for about THREE fish. Tank is well built but the plastic scratches easily. The rule of thumb is 1inch per galon and if you intend to buy a 
Gift well received. My daughter is thrilled with the quality and heft of the knives  
Very nice. Bought as a filler to get free shipping. Gave to a friend who owns a ot of this design - she loved it  
Well-made, generous sized; makes roasting nearly fool-proof. Fabrication quality is very good, with polished exterior, machine-turned base, sturdy handles, and thick walls. Because it s aluminum, it s not so 
Highly Functional!. I purchased this colander for my mother s birthday after the paint chipped on her last much fancier colander.What I like about this stainless steel colander:-It s five 
A bit too big but excellent quality. I purchased two of these hampers for my daughters age 9 and 5. I have had them for a few months now and, 
Very cool. Just what I expected...very cool look and well made. Great turnaround shipping time from seller. Would highly recommend  
Great product. I have had my steamer for about 3 years now and I love it. I haven t used the iron in ages. It heats up fast and does 
SIMPLY THE BEST. This Mission Folding Bookcase is simply the best. Although I wanted a black bookcase but the natural is also great and it took me about 5 minutes 
Realllly convenient!. I ve had a couple of these divided containers for 3-4 years now. Unlike some Tupperware products, you can t just throw this in a tote bag and 
Excellent little kitchen tool!!!. I got this as a gift from my mother when I moved to my first apartment away from home. She already had one, and loved it. 
Great for pancakes. This griddle does a great job on pancakes, but I ve found that it s a bit slow for sausages and bacon. It s easy to clean 
First to review... what you pay for is what you get. Hello all amazon users,First person to review this item leaves a so-so favorable impression. The image is deceiving as 
What a great indulgence!. After reading every review on deep fryers I could find, I finally decided on this one. It has been great and I couldn t ask for 
Corningware success. The mug alone costs 6.99, so the kit for 16.99 is a bargain. I love the mug size, its handle and vent lid. I would prefer an on 
Easiest Ice Cream ever. I was a little worried about buying a reconditioned ice cream maker, but when it arrived it was just like brand new, including all original packing, 
Beautiful honey server. I love this honey pot; the design is dainty but the pot itself is really good-sized. A beautiful accompaniment to the matching tea set  
good, attractive product. this is a good, attractive, and solid wine rack. Assembly was a bit more trouble and time consuming than you might expect and assembly instructions could be 
works well enough. This sharpener does not work with a thick blade. However, it is fantastic for your thinner bladed knifes. Steak, pocket, paring, everyday chopping knifes come out very 
Henckels knife block. I saw the same product at a leading retail store for a much higher price. I m very happy with the knife block and with the price. 
Our fondue fountain. We bought this fountain with the intention of using at our wedding later this year. We ve already tried it out with chocolate, and it was wonderful! 
fast means hot. I have had 3 microwave rice cooker before this. They were always hard to meet my satisfaction, andante, that was the problem.The last one was even from 
12 Metal Table Fan = FANTASTIC. GREAT FAN! GREAT COLOR! EASY TO CLEAN, & A GREAT PRICE! QUICK DELIVERY! WHAT ELSE COULD YOU ASK FOR  
So Soft. These sheets were everything that I hoped them to be. They have been washed several times times now ...they have come out beautifully. They will be the softest 
Toast comes out like it s been sunning in St. Tropez!. First let me say that I decided on this oven because I refuse to spend a lot on another 
Excellent for Saving Space!. I bought this power station because my husband and I had charging cords all over the place. Our phones and my PDA were being charged in 
my favorite kitchen untensil. I love my red Joyce Chen kitchen scissors, which is what prompted me to give them to my sister-in-law and brother for Christmas this year. They 
strong and attractive. This blender is outstanding -- powerful and pretty. Should have been - however -- dishwasher safe  
diane. wonderful.. actually as good as I had hoped it would be. Only wish it had an on off switch. Plugging in is the on switch  
Now I can cook like the pros!. Feel just like Giada and dip out that pasta... It is a great product with a super long handle for large pots. I 
Success on an Australian Shepherd. We have an Aussie Healer mix we think...she was a foundling with a thick, soft coat. I ve had her professionally groomed once a year 
Great machine. After borrowing my finances grandmother s Ronco I bought this unit. I couldn t be happier. It does a great job. Fast, no tray rotating or swapping. Easy 
Bought it for looks. I love this coffee maker, but I don t drink coffee: My husband does. I bought it for the hot water spigot!! I love, love it! 
Treat Yourself !!. You know when you get new pillows and they don t fit right and it takes a week or two before you get them to squish just 
Love it!. It was a little tricky to put together by myself, and the instructions could have been clearer....but now it s done, and I LOVE my new sofa! It 
Very pleased, Great for larger Tanks. I have a 90 gallon tank and sometimes I don t want to perform a water change to get the bottom of the tank 
Good quality. I bought these because I wanted silicone trivets, but it was cheaper to get a set of potholders. Actually I haven t seen any that are cheaper, especially 
Amazing Sheet Pan. This was the first non- nonstick pan that I bought and it has converted me. I use this more often than any other pan in my kitchen. 
Pet Training Mat. I got this mat for my Bengal Cat Tristan who loves to jump on my counters. The mat has three setting, Low, Medium and High. The first 
warm. Love it..so warm and great quality..great price...it is exactly what I have been looking for  
The best book light ever. I got two black and silver , one for my daughter and one for myself. We both like them. It is very bright both pages 
Big, Loud, but makes a difference. The difference in the air quality is noticable. I haven t tried to clean it yet, but it looks like it shouldn t be 
A great starter piece or addition to your Le Creuset collection. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other products. These cooking vessels are cast 
great coffee maker. This is a great little coffee maker. I was extremely impressed with this item. It works great and is a great value. I keep it in my 
Great Match. Even when I bought the Fiestawere Cinnabar creamer I loved it right away, but to order the Cinnabar Covered Suger Bowl from a nother seller and have them 
These work great. Their design makes them easy to get in and out, and the company that sells them through Amazon is prompt and easy to deal with  
It does its job well - there are things to note. I like this product and I use it nearly every day - it goes well with a french press, 
Wilton course 1 book. If you are like me unable to take Wilton course 1 class or just want to get a head start before taking the class. This book 
Chantal 48-ounce Tea Steep. I love this tea pot. It s sturdy, colorful and just the right size  
Excellent Duvet for Little Money. The price of this item is excellent for the quality you get. It is extra soft and the blue color was exactly what I was 
Braun KF550. Delivers a pot of coffee very quickly. Only had it a month so cannot say if the filter will extend the life of the device  
great for wool rugs, upholstery. This is the tool for those surfaces that seem to suck in pet hair and refuse to let it go. It s not a quick 
I can use on my glass top. This is a solid piece. It doesn t swivel around on my glass top stove. It s great to have a griddle on 
Love this mug!. I ve had a set of 4 of these mugs and LOVE them. They are green rather than clear. They hold just the right amount of coffee 
A great coffeemaker. Because of its design, this coffeemaker isn t subject to the kind of clogging that plagues most one-cup coffeemakers. The arrangement of drip holes in the cone 
Good for the price. PROS: Works well. Heats fast, auto-shutoff feature and visible water level are nice.CONS: Putting kettle on base requires lining up 3 slots which takes a little 
Great for Musicians. I use this for my brass ensemble [...], we often play in chirches with few light, this LED lights are just what we need, they are really 
Does liquids well. I ve only had mine for a little over a week, but I ve already used it for chopping, slicing, and lots of pureeing.The unit is sturdily 
Amazing Vacuum. I like to clean. I don t like a lot of noise. This vacuum cleans beautifully when it s not even on full power. I have bare floors 
Great for little ones!. I have to say I LOVED these at first, but after only a few months of use all of mine have broke. The little white sticks 
A New Experience in Cutting. Clean, elegant, easy to use and clean, but this cutting board has an aesthetic appeal that goes beyond mere functionality. Clean lines, thinner than most 
a perfect addition.... a perfect addition for any kitchen--attractive and functional--shipped quickly and arrived intact--the price was very competativ  
Love this Machine!. I upgraded to the DeLonghi from a 10 year old Mr. Coffee espresso machine, and the difference is amazing. The machine is easy to use and makes 
Ladder Shelf. This was a Christmas gift for my daughter. She said that people really liked and her room mate was thinking of getting one  
Wonderful, beautiful, and durable cookware!. This set is really nice. It warms up super fast and retains heat longer due to the cast iron. It looks wonderful hanging in my 
Handy items for canning. I wish I had had these things last year. The magnetic stick saves much time and unnecessary hot water burns trying to fish lids out of 
Classy toaster. We purchased two of these toasters. We ve been using the first one for about a year and have been completely satisfied. Usually, we hide our small appliances 
Can t do without one. I got a Mogu person pillow a few years back for christmas, and have slept with it everyday since. My original one was getting flat 
Cast Iron Wok. Being an amateur of cast iron cook ware, I was delighted to find the cast iron wok offered by the Wok Shop to replace the wok stolen 
Wonderfull Accent Fiestaware Trivet. I love the color and design of this trivet. I use it as a spoon rest and for hot casserole dishes. It is dishwasher safe and 
I love this pan, great grilled sandwiches. I received this pan today and I love it. It made two fantastic sandwiches in less than 5 minutes. The bread was crispy 
Great Can Opener. Great can opener but doesn t have the knife sharpening feature other openers in the same price range have  
Overall a good set. Fortunately, ours didn t break during shipment. I am not too crazy about this pattern, but still bought this set just b c it was the 
Wine Saver--Yippee!. A fabulous product--I have tried most of the other wine savers but this one sets the standard. Takes the guess work out of pumping--the click tells it all. 
THE BEST PILLOW EVER!!. Really, this pillow is perfect in every way. I have had neck pain so long i lost track. I found this on amazon, ordered 2 and 
Works like it should, great chocolate!!!. My wife recieved this for christmas and at first I was skeptical. Would this thing actually work. Well 2 bags of chocholate chips and 
Wonderful Plate!. I love this plate!! I am actually waitng for the other 10 that I recently ordered. My husband loves them becasue they are heavy duty and have a 
Exactly what I needed!. This kettle is great! I use it several times a day; it heats water quickly and doesn t require a lot of maintenance. Thus far it 
Just right for me. This did the trick for me. It s fine for holding several skillets, grill baskets and even a wok. I have hung one wok, one 6 
COAT RACK. THE COAT RACK WAS PERFECT - IT WAS NICER THAN ANY I HAD FOUNDAROUND THIS AREA AND A LOT CHEAPER. WAS VERY PLEASED WITHIT.THANKS,DONN  
The vacuum cleaner I ve been looking for. I ve had uprights for years and was tired of them not having enough suction. This bagless canister vacuum has great suction, 
lovely platter. I ordered this as a christmas present for my brother. He s always been looking for a big platter that would fit in his cupboard. This platter is 
love these glasses. i love the large size of these glasses. its great for swirling your wine. we had a large party and everyone commented on how elegant they looked 
No, it s not cheap . . . but it does everything it s supposed to do, and it does it beautifully. I have to put on my glasses to 
Sturdy and practical. These clips are sturdy stainless steel and they stand up to my two boys. They are also magnetic and I can put them high on the refrigerator 
Pretty good. This would work better if it was more secure on the litter box. It does a pretty good job keeping the litter in the box, but my cat 
Great little alarm. What a surprise to get so much for so little. This is a perfect little travel alarm that does exactly what it s supposed to do, very 
Electric Smoking vs. Charcoal. I use various woods when smoking meats or fish in my smokers and when buildingor creating a back yard smoker, this is the unit as you 
Perfect in Every Way. If you re a coffee lover but the ONLY one in your house, this coffee maker is perfect for you. I use mine every day. It 
Indispensible. I ve been using this spatula for over a year, and it has become indispensible. It does a wonderful job getting those last bits of batter and sauce out 
A Honey of a Kettle. I think I read about all of the reviews before buying this dutch oven Cherry Red . I put it in my shopping cart, then 
Stoneware Casserole. This is a high-fired stoneware casserole. Its non-porous enamel is same as on iron cast pots by Le Creuset and it looks great. Because it is stoneware, it 
Superb. I have probably had twenty espresso cups in my days. I like espresso cups that are sturdy with a good grip and a small saucer.Those doesn t fall in 
So useful!. This bowl is shallow enough to serve from and deep enough to really load it up. I use mine constantly, and didn t think I would when I 
Kettle is the Bomb!. This Kettle works perfect. It is much faster than stovetop and all features work as advertised. What else is there to be said! 5 STARS  
great bargain!. This set is remarkable for the money. cups AND saucers rather than just mugs, and the quality of the fiesta label indicates how beautifully made the dishes are. 
Knife man. This was a great product at a great price. It is definitely a conversation starter for guests. The knives are excellent quality too. This purchase was a steal 
Love these plates!!!. I searched for a long time for plates to replace our every day china after 12 years we were down a bunch of pieces, and I didn 
Star Wars Pillow Sham. The Pillow sham looks cool. Has Jedi written all over the sham. The sham looks great with the rest of the bed set  
great drip coffee, average espresso. The drip coffee is wonderful, but the espresso is weak. It seems like the pump does not generate enough pressure to make real, full bodied 
good support. This neck pillow offers considerable support under the neck---bought it to replace an old one that had become thread-bare...husband uses it all the time.  
Great item. Had this for over a year with two small boys. The fruit bowl keeps this from toppling even when my two are climbing up on the counter to 
Love this litterbox. I have used many automatic litter boxes, but this is the best one. The cartridges are easy to change. I just have to order online to get 
Great fan for a great price. We got this fan for our young daughter s bedroom and it works so well in there. I really like how quiet it is 
Nora Pruiett. This crystal is a great bargin for the money - I choose super saver shipping. I ve looked and can t top the quality quantity for the price. 
Rustic Baking Dish. This 1 1 2-Quart Round Casserole with Lid is a small but practical-sized dish to add to a Le Creuset collection. I m a longtime collector of 
Useful little bowls. I have several of these bowls and use them frequently. They are the perfect size for snacks. I also use them frequently for food prep tasks when 
Quality Knife. If you want good quality along with good price,this set of knives gives you the answer. They are sharp, sturdy and very comfortable. I just love them.  
Strong and Pretty. these were my first martini glasses i purchased. I chose these because of the bargain and the look.. They are both sturdy and beautiful and i love 
Must have!!. I absolutely LOVE this cutting board! It makes cutting a lot easier. It is big enough to cut many differnt things and keep them all on the board. 
wont regret it. it s a great tool. i am so glad that i bought it.  
Great Little Pan. One of the previous customers said this pan did not have the quality of the other Calphalon Commercial Nonstick cookware. As far as this user is concerned, 
Multi Cat Jungle Gym - Large. My cats love playing in it. The 3 youngest ones use it to play hide and seek every day. I on the other hand, 
krups filters. Love the product, just need to locate the holder so I can use the filter  
works well, quiet. this has helped very much and is quiet as well....provides a therapy for our throats and makes waking up in the AM much more enjoyable because our 
I love this product. The Richell 94118 One-Touch Adjustable Pet Gate with Wood Finish is awesome. I m so glad I paid the extra money. The gate is actually wood 
Finally. I ve tried several different types of pillows, including a water pillow, but this is the first to give me a good night s sleep. I tend to sleep 
Fabulous cat toy. This Turbo scratcher is appealing to cats, even if they reject most scratching posts. The ping pong ball adds an element of excitement. I have 5 cats, 
Portable heater. Easy to use, very nice thermostat readout, don t find this on many heaters! Quiet and even oscillating heat. Great heater for a small room  
STILL SPECIAL!. Coffee the old fashioned way is still the best!There is something special in the hands-on approach to coffee-making,a touch of the oriental tea ritual-and with this generous size,there 
Revere Ware Skillet. Revere Ware non-stick skillets are excellent products! They re very durable and have lasted longer than any two other brands put together. I would highly recommend their 
T Fal is wonderful. I have a set of T Fal pans which are 6 years old. This new pan is even better, and you can t beat the prices 
Beautiful Shape, Easy to Use. I have about 10 different pans, and this is by far my favorite for a few reasons:1 Kids love the shape Is it a crown? 
A couple of drawbacks. I recieved my BBQ pit right before Christmas, and overall I love it. I can put chicken, ribs, pork loin.whatever in around lunch time, and it 
Why are people so stupid. It s a wonderful cutting board also available at the store I m a bartender and chef and can honestly say this is something I 
Decent vac, but mine was used. OK...in all honesty, I purchased this item simply because it, combined with a full-size vaccum that I was already purchasing, qualified me for a 
I Love it!. It looks expensive, beautiful and heavy. Right size, right depth for my needs. I was a little concerned before I got it b c I was afraid 
Well made. Bought after reading cooks illustrated recommendation. I haven t used it yet, but appears to be very well built. Has a long handle and a porus thick wire 
Any bad reviewers are insane... Unless you received a defective unit, there is NO way anyone could give this any rating short of 5 stars. Ive owned dozens of booklights 
Great little fan. I first I was surprises to see that the blades were made out of cloth, but when I turned it on it worked great and it is 
Great hand towels and even better a bargain!. We just love these absorbent towels. The fluffiness and absorbency get even better after washing. The colors are bright and we could 
excellent product. Received this product quickly as a direct Amazon purchase. Love the teapot, it is beautiful and as well as strong. All my fine bone china teapots break easily, 
Great Cork Screw. This is the best foil cutter I have used, and I have tried a lot of them. The cork screw works with the ease of my Raabbit, 
Best for the price. I found this toaster on sale at Amazon. They were clearing out the previous model year. The toast is a little uneven, being more brown on 
OHH What can I bake TODAY?. This is a gorgeous and powerful machine. What engineering! There is really nothing comparable out there. I am not a serious cook but I 
return of broken dishes. Just wondering when you think this item will be sent. Thanks.  
Light Show. Both my cat and dog LOVe this. The animals are able to close the lid very easily, so you have to be there to open it again  
Perfect for single people. As many people already know most food products are sold in family sized package. Living as a bachelor I was constantly throwing away stale dry goods 
Love this espresso machine!. I use this machine every day. Even when my wife makes regular coffee I will quickly brew up a shot of espresso to kick it up 
These are really great bags!. Everything about our Miele Red Velvet vacuumn cleaner is top notch, including the bags. The nicest thing about them is the way you can slide 
Proctor-Silex can opener. We are completely satisfied with this product. Good value and a quality product that performs as advertised  
Good heater, awkward design. I bought this heater for a spare bedroom. The quiet, and ability to set the thermostat to an exact temperature was a big selling point for 
improving port. I was a skeptic, but so many wine lovers and respected critics said Riedel glasses did wonders for the tasting experience that I, a port lover, decided to 
Great rack!. Great coat rack for the price. It s very original in design and accents my home. It s been very durable all thru last winter and now for 
Best. Knife. Ever. I ve been a German knife snob for years. But this 8-inch chef s knife by Japan s Global is the finest blade I ve ever owned. 
Be Careful!. I love the Bodum French Press for making tasty coffee. This is the third beaker I ve had to buy though, they break so easily! Be especially careful 
Luxurious. is the only word I can think of to describe these towels. I didn t think I could afford such high end towels. Fluffy, soft, absorbent, large. An unbelievable 
Wonderful toaster!. I bought this toaster because I loved the color and the retro look. I bought it at a Williams-Sonoma outlet as a refurbished piece for a 1 3 
great for indian food. I ve used this for Indian food and it worked really well - you an prepare the meat and keep it on the part with the 
3 piece Pfaltzgraff Tea Rose Bake and serve set. I use mine all the time. It made a great gift and my sister really likes it  
Great Screen is a BREEZE to clean. WOW! This baby is even easier to clean than I thought. My biggest frustration has always been scrubbing my splatter screen clean after 
replacement bulbs. I was so glad to find a source of replacement bulbs for my Itty Bitty Book Light.....and at such a reasonable price. Fast shipping too  
Furniture saver!. It s hard to find these refills and if you can find them in a store, you will save a few bucks but worth the extra money for 
Hamilton Beach 76383 Ensemble Tall Can Opener, Red. Product is attractive, easy to operate and performs well. Easy to detach opening mechanism for cleaning which is a real plus.  
Great cooking tool. This is a sturdy spoon that can be used for all types of cooking tasks without the concern of breaking. I use this item almost every day 
Perfect for a duvet!!!. Let s get this clear. It does NOT sound like a newspaper when moving around and it DOES keep you warm and comfy!!We bought this to 
Feliway Diffuser. I have used this product for several years in a multi-cat household with excellent results. It has proven to be very helpful with the stress & anxiety of 
sharp purchase. quality knife, comparably priced to same knife if purchased at Williams and Sonom  
I m not gadget-y, but this is great!. I don t normally use alot of electronics in the kitchen-- hardly even a blender, so this is a rarity for me, 
OUT! Extra Large Deluxe Puppy Housebreaking Pads. I like these pads because they are thicker and larger than other brand pads. This makes it very convenient when you have more 
Nice and big. Years ago I bought a potato cutter at a garage sale. It was all steel and a good size accepting virtually any potato without cutting it down 
Great product!. I received this as a gift 3 years ago. Since then, I have canned just about everything you can imagine in it. The only complaint I have is 
Everything I was looking for!!. Ok let me start by saying I am not a coffee snob, I am more of a coffee nut, I very much prefer a cup 
Works great on pet hair. I needed a hand-held vac for my travel trailer, particularly since we decided to take the German Shepherd with us on vacation this year. The 
I LOVE THIS LID. I owned the sheets but without the lid. here are the reasons i love the sheets:1 - you can really clean it without worrying about the 
fiestaware bread tray. this bread tray is just the right size and the perfect finishing touch to a table set with fiestaware  
Metal Grapes Napkin Holder. I purchased this for my Sister in law for Christmas. She totally loved it. So therefore I m happy with it too!  
Good product but I prefer Joint MAX DS. I used this product for 2 years for my big boy Terrence, an 80 lb Boxer who was diagnosed with hip dysplasia 
meets our expectations. We had heard good things from other people who have purchased Le Creuset products and it is easy to see why. Not only does it cook and 
Perfect for my needs... When purchasing the Sharp Warm & Toasty I knew not to expect great cooking power either as a toaster oven or microwave. I m a single 
Great pizza. Completely pleased..the pan AND his recipe Mario s that is was perfect!P.S. I am WAY over the age of 13  
Great Glasses!!. The Z-Stem is great! It is actually much easier to hold than a straight stem. I wasn t quite sure how it would feel to hold. You cannot 
Great for cleaning up in between vacuumings. I bought this sweeper to sweep my basement carpet, which is dark in color and shows every bit of fuzz. It does a 
Almost a home run. Wedgey certainly is cute. However, keep in mind to only use this on eggs or other very soft food items. It is a little hard to 
Great Gift!. These sheets were a gift for my 80 year-old mother, who had never owned flannel sheets. She loves them! My mother told me they re soft, warm and 
VERY HAPPY CUSTOMER. FAST SERVICE! THEY HAD THE EXACT ITEM, IN THE COLOR THAT I WANTED, CHEAPER THAN THE STORES THAT I HAD BEEN DEALING WITH!! I NEVER HAVE TO 
Mortar and Pestle. My daughter, 12, suddenly decided she wanted a Mortar and Pestle, she s mad keen on cooking and watches the cookery channel non-stop. I couldn t even 
Works pretty good. I replaced my steel sharpener that came with my Twin Cuisine set with this one. Works great and looks good enough to leave on the counter  
excellent purchase. Purchased this pitcher from Amazon and I am extremely pleased with the quality. It matches my kitchen perfectly. The item arrived within 3-4 days and I had no 
Solid Hardwood makes this a good buy. I have bought 2 of these bookcases. They are very well made, set up in 2 minutes. Forget the pressed wood bookcases -- 
Great for cats who insist running water. I purchased a waterfall style fountain for my cat. It was horrible. On the highest setting it barely made a tiny stream.I picked 
Great Lamp!. After looking high and low for a lamp with multiple heads, I was excited to find that Target had this one. I read about the problems people had 
Easy to Use &amp; Festive Too!. I was given this dish by request for my birthday and it has barely gotten a rest since! It works wonderfully for pies and 
Mold? What mold?. I m puzzled by the several reviews that say the filter gets moldy too fast. I am replacing my first filter after about a year because it 
Stress-free Travel with your dog. My 5 month old lab literally hangs out of the window while I m driving, in the driver s seat! I hated driving driving without 
almost up to par. I like everything about the mighty mite except it doesn t glide smoothly along the floor. It s easy to use as far as the hose, 
Great Buy. Love the way the mattress pad works... no leaks... but even better it s comfortable and QUIET ... no crinkly sounds like a vinyl cover... Very comfy and 
Keeps coffee hot, sturdy no-drip sip top. The Nissan flip-top backpack mug keeps coffee hotter, but the hinges are too fragile on the flip-tops. These keep coffee hot for several 
Not fancy but useful. This item is not as fancy as others available, but it is sturdy enough, and it provides the extra surface area over the unused side of 
Good Product. I have used this product for about a month and I find it to work well. Some coffee grinds escape the plunger, but I expected that  
Wsthof Under-Cabinet Swinging 9-Slot Oak Knife Block. It is a great product. It cleans up the counter space. I m buying some for Christmas gifts  
def a good fan for the price. i have this fan in my stereo cabinet so it will keep my xbox and equip. cool. on its lowest setting it does 
Swiss Diamond Pans. In my opinion, these are the greatest pans available! Non stick without the worry. Goes into the dishwasher, no problem. I am replacing all my other pans 
Glide Shower Curtain Hooks. These shower curtain hooks are FABULOUS!! Never a snag, no more ripped eyelets. Whoever invented these... KUDO  
There are better toys out there from sit stay. Dog loves the squirels to play with, but has trouble with the game. There is a 3 additional squrel pack. I 
Wonderful baking dish. A high-quality Creuset product! I love it, I ve made great dishes with it and its easy to clean with no discoloration deterioration after mutliple uses. But 
Fiestaware. This was the first item that I purchased on Amazon. Item was received in excellent condition, and in a very timely manner. Very pleased  
BEST DEHYDRATOR OUT THERE FOR THE MONEY.... I have only gotten to use my new Gardenmaster once so far but it is great! I have a FD-50 from about 15 
Great value. This is the first dehumidifier I have owned, so I really can t compare it to others. We bought it to take away some of the damp smells 
Easy as 123. The Presto 05411 GranPappy Electric Deep Fryer is as easy to use as 123. Plug it in, wait 15 minutes and it s ready to fry your 
Wonderful home espresso maker. If I knew making esperesso at home was going to be this easy I would have bought a machine like this years ago!!! It s so 
Hot plate. The hot plate works well. I use it in my smoker and I like the variable heat control. The element does not sit flat without some weight on 
Swiss Diamond cookware. Best investment I have ever made in cookware. Heats evenly, more thoroughly and burns less. Amazingly tough and the best part is I don t have to 
A Gift from Grandma. THE PILLOW!!! It is NOT the NORMAL 14 1 2 x 6 1 2 , 1 pound Dogbones Neckbones pillow!! It took TWO Fedex men to 
calphalon 7 piece block set review. Received my 7 piece contemporary block set with santoku knife just under one month ago. I read a lot of reviews and checked out 
YES!!!!. I have wanted this kitchenaid for years now. It was just a bit out of my price range but through amazon I was able to afford it, and the 
Fun and easy. I purchased this for my little guy when he had throat surgery, and I enjoyed more than he did! He just doesn t like anything that s 
F.Q., Potomac, MD. This is a wonderful product. It is simple to use, economical and cooks rice perfectly, just add rice and water, push the button down and walk away. 
Travelling made easy. We take our frozen concoction maker with us on numerous trips and this makes that much easier  
topsy turvy. I haven t used them yet, will use them soon. They look great though and come with good instructions  
Follow these tips for a unique coffee. Every family in Italy owns one of these machines. Here are a few tips:1. In Italy this is NOT called an espresso machine, 
num num num num num. The perfect cookie jar. In fact, we bought a few more and now keep rice and flour in them too. I sweat this makes cookies 
Nonstick 3.5 pan. This was a Christmas gift so we haven t used the pan often yet. The two times it has been in service, it performed very well. It 
purina cat chow. great product, too bad the shipping cost as much as the produc  
Great product!. I love this pot. It melts my chocolates perfectly every time. I don t have to stir constantly or worry about the chocolate burning. I have had this 
Great utensil. Perfect size and weight for a 12 skillet. Keeps the bacon, chops flat for even frying while preventing any splatters. High quality materials. You won t cook bacon 
Easy to use. I really like these wipes for all of my stainless steel appliances. They clean and shine everything really well. I just use a soft cloth to dry 
good quality for the price. This is a nice set of flatware. There are many pieces that come with the package. They seems like good quality flatware. I am pleased 
These bakers are WONDERFUL!!!. LeCreuset is simply the best. These are an ideal size for one or two people. The larger one holds 2-3 chicken breasts or roasted potatoes or 
an alien s perspective. Flawless tea-steeping device. Probability of unplanned release of leaves into liquid medium during normal steeping processes is approximately zero, in contrast to failure-prone clasp of device 
LOVE LOVE LOVE THESE SHEETS~~~~~~~. I had no idea these sheets would be such a great quality at such an unbelievable price. Shipping was fast, the sheets fit more than 
Sometimes less is more. I ve had other digital thermometers with pre-programmed temperatures that were just confusing to use. Finding the preferred temperature for any meat or poultry item is 
Marriage saver. I like to read in bed at night but my wife likes to have the bedroom completely dark when she is trying to sleep.The light wedge gives just 
Great Product! Can t go back to regular boxes. I started buying the littermaid back when I owned 1 cat. I have since grown to a 5 cat family and 
A gift for someone who has everything. This bar set is gorgeous! I received this as a gift for my birthday and intend on purchasing one as a gift for 
fryer rocks!. We purchased this Fryer a few weeks ago and have used it over 10 times. We LOVE it!!! The only downside is the viewing window isn t really 
Tips for Lids. If you have a Tupperware item with a seal that will not fit; just soak the seal lid under very warm water for a minute. Then work 
shaken not stirred. The Lenox set is wonderful! The finish and fit are excellent. I would highly recommend this bar accessory as a MUST HAVE  
KitchenAid Cutlery is a Great Addition to my kitchen. This KitchenAid 16pc cutlery set is a beautiful addition to my kitchen which is decorated using red and white appliances. The 
Le Creuset 15 1 2-Quart Cast Iron Oval French Oven, Flame. The Le Creuset name is synonymous with quality, thus, I had no doubt that if in fact the item 
Instructions for refilling your PepperBall. Chef n has a great website that includes instructions on refilling the PepperBall: http: www.chefn.com faq  
A little smaller than our last press but it sure beats ironing!. We had a press made by Singer that finally gave up the ghost after more than 10 years. 
Great, Multipurpose. I have these and love them. I m glad I didn t waste my time with some look-alikes I saw. These are the same quality as the rest 
Okay product. The only issue I have with this product is using the frother. The tube could be redesigned to allow a bit more movement when frothing the milk. Other 
Satisfied Customer. I am very pleased with this product. The Atelier wash is soft, absorbent and looks good after laundry. I have always found the Martex brand to be top 
Weird color, cute casserole. I ve got just about every Le Creuset color in existence, so why not try out kiwi? It s an oddball color, I think, but this 
YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. I WILL MAKE THIS SHORT AND SWEET, THE PAN LOOKS GREAT, COOKS GREAT, AND THE FINAL PRODUCT MOST IMPORTANTLY, TASTES GREAT  
Beautiful and Exquisite. I love this set - this is the favorite of all my china teacup sets. I have both Irish and English bone china, and this pattern is 
Absolutely FABULOUS!. I now have these pillows on all our beds, including our guest room. It is almost impossible to describe how wonderful these pillows feel under your head at 
Good, but could be better. I got this pan because I ve been coveting All-Clad when reading reviews of high-end cookware, and because of the low price. I figured that 
Handier than a collander. No longer dreading making pasta. Spaghetti fits in the pot without breaking, and the water can be drained out after cooking right into the main pot. 
I Love my Sunbeam Toaster. I had a Sunbeam toaster for many years and it finally stopped working properly. I went shopping and could not find a Sunbeam anywhere so 
Highly Recommended. Cooks Illustrated Highly Recommends this sheet. Its their first choice. Im just looking for a store I can buy it at!  
Aerobie AeroPress Coffee Maker. A good way to make a cup of coffee. Particularly good if you want a fresh brewed taste, but don t need to brew a full 
You need this vacuum!. WOW! Our old vacuum finally bit the dust and it was time to buy a new one. Concerned about quality and function, my wife and I 
Victory. I turned the device onto human sound because on sub-sonic, I didn t get the satisfaction of hearing it trigger when the neighbor s two daschund dogs barked early 
Great value. When you consider the great convenience of the Cuisinart TTG-500RM Mug to Go Coffeemaker--and the low price that Amazon is asking--this deal is too good to pass up. 
Cookie Cutter s . I ordered various cookie cutter sizes and shapes. I was pleased with them all. They were shipped quickly and packaged carefully  
Fantastic service and quick delivery. I appreciate the quick response after my purchase and the quick delivery.Thanks  
Beautiful. They are bigger than what I d consider ice cream bowls- but thats perfect for me. They came in perfect condition and are absolutely lovely  
Very pleased with table. Love It! Great addition to my home:]. I just received my table and do have to say that I am empressed. To tell you the truth, 
THE CUTEST AND BEST PILLOW. This is a great gift because there fun,cute,and usefull so when you come home from a bad day at school or work there alaways there.To 
Works very well, I ll have to buy Lodge in the future. Nothing bad to say at all about this pan except for losing a few points in the beginning. 
Overall, a great machine!. Good points:1 Heats up to the right temperature relatively quickly.2 Makes a great, strong cup of espresso with great crema I have been using the Lavazza 
Super Sofa. We ordered this sofa and matching ottoman on Target.com with a discount we recieved via email. It has far exceeded our expectations!I read all the reviews and they 
So nice to have sharp knives again. I had been using my Victorinox steak knives for all my cutting needs because I can t be bothered to get out my 
Very practical and good looking product. This wood stand is exactly what I have been looking for. It blends in well with other wood furniture. The base doesn t take 
aerobed twin. Very easy to use, easy to deflate and put away. The fan pumps it up quickly, and it hasn t leaked yet after 7 uses  
great service& pizzelle press. this press is #1 in my book it is the best one that ive ever used serviceon delivery prompt&fast thank-you  
Matches perfectly with Fiestaware!. I bought the plates, bowls, cups, etc. to go with my fiestaware because I like to mix and match my patterns to create a colorful, festive 
Great Expresso--Granos performs like machines four times as expensive. Superior product, great tasting expresso rivals Starbucks , and very reliable. I have owned the Granos for about 6 months and 
I did it -- I made great BEER!. What can I say -- it works! The trickiest part is assembling the unit so as to contain pressure. I had to 
All-clad cookware set. This product lived up to the all-clad reputation as a quality set of cookware. Having had commerical non-stick calphlon, the cleanup is a little more intensive, but 
The Best. These are just the best. Everyone who drinks from them, wants them. I have several sets, they re perfect for iced tea. I wash them in the dishwasher 
Great Juicer. The best juicer I ve ever used. Brings Kitchenaid quality to a product that can be anything but with other brands. Easy to clean up and especially quiet 
Just the thing for unlighted areas. I ve always looked for lights that are useful in areas where reaching electricity is difficult. This light is excellent. I use it primarily 
Superb Quality. Our queen mattress is not a pillow top so the fitted sheet is deeper than necessary but it tucks under fine. Having the elastic around the entire fitted 
Low Heat Cooking. I have had my eye on this pot to add to my collection for a long time, but was avoiding the price. It is on sale at 
EXCELLENT. THE CHAIRS ARE GREAT, THEY CAME IN SOONER THAN EXPECTED AND WERE REASONABLE AND CONSTRUCTED WELL  
rival vsb1-6 seal a meal 8 bags. very pleased with the bags. they work very well with the model vs-110 seal a meal unit  
Review for KitchenAidKFP750OB 700-Watt 12-Cup Food Processor, Onyx. I love my new KitchenAid Processor, it is wonderful and works fantastic! I recieved a great price on it in comparison to 
Silicone grip is excellent. I don t know why someone hasn t made a non-slip pot holder before but what a great idea. Used it during Christmas and it works 
Feather & Down Comforter - warm as toast!. Got one for myself and one for my son, with no high expectations. I wanted to get away from electric blankets without 
salt shaker. I bought the pepper grinder in the store but couldn t find the salt grinder and this one is the perfect match  
Great Item... Fiestaware is great anyway, but this piece is wonderful. I use it for late night salads. Plenty of room for the Big Salad . And if you want, 
Doors only partially solid oak and missing instructions!. This Item came well packaged, but was missing the assembly instructions. A quick call to the Seller resulted in an e-mailed PDF 
Simple, attractive, works very well. Unique looking with the soft polypropylene body contrasting with the chrome; distinctive and attractive for an item that sits in plain view in the kitchen 
Great gift!. This was a beautiful gift for my daughter who has beaucoup fiestaware. Much appreciated  
Love them!!. These earthy-looking canisters are beautiful! I have matching dinnerwear and accessories also.They look great on my brown quartz counter tops .An excellent purchase  
Huge cup!. Holds alot and keeps them warm! Fits in my car cup holder as well where not much else does  
A must for all bakers!!. I love this new Aluminum rolling pin! It is fast approaching my favorite time of year and I am gearing up for tons of baking 
Ice Cream Delight. Excellent machine for an outstanding sale reconditioned price, 1 3 of current retail for SAME machine at Williams Sonoma! Amazon Prime delivered it the NEXT DAY, WOW, 
Visi-Therm; Deluxe Aquarium Heaters 50 watt. keeps the tank warm for my little fish friend  
10-inch Stainless-Steel Open Skillet. This skillet is of high quality stainless-steel and I am completely satisfied with it and the prompt delivery  
This knife can perform. I bought this knife because I needed a boning knife to use in my meat science lab course. This knife is amazing and it held up 
Pleased. Got tired of can openers that left little burrs or that were difficult to get started. Hesitant about buying a As Seen On TV product, but went for it. 
Very good grinder. This is a excellent coffee grinder..the only thing I would want different is one that adjusts to fine, med,. course grounds..You can mostly figure how long to 
Great filter but a bit hard to clean. I bought this for my boyfriend for christmas and he loves it and uses it several times a day. He loves the 
Lightweight yet durable. I looooove these dishes so far. My mother had a set of corelle livingware while I was growing up and we had those things forever. They never 
Star Wars Sheets and Comforter. I am very satisfied with these sheets.My child LOVES them.Yes the sheets are alittle thin,but mine child doesn t know or care about that.Make sure 
Super frother. This gadget really works. Warm up some milk, whip it with the frother, and, if you let it stand for a minute, the froth will hold up very 
Instant babysitter... just add chocolate!. My husband LOVES chocolate, so I got this as a surprise for our wedding reception, which was held at my parents place in the mountains... 
A wonderful tool. The Global 10&quot; is a great knife that comes with a very sharp edge. It is rather light at least for a 10&quot; knife and is well 
GOOD CHOICE. This is just the right size, The quiet lid closing is a pleasure and the feature that allows you to fasten your trash bag saves frustration when heavy 
Amazing!. I ve had 2 other down comforters before this one that were a couple hundred dollars each. I could hardly believe the price! It really is the deal of 
best damn fryer on the planet. this is a well thought out product for consumer use. easy to clean, easy to use. tried others and was very disappointed but i 
Great set of knives!. I received these knives as a gift for xmas and I love them. They are beautiful and are very sharp! I have heard that they rust 
Coffee lover. Greetings, I love this stove top espresso maker but there are some differences you may find of value.1 - The boiler where you put the water can only 
Some inexpensive entertainment. I love this little fish bowl. I have had no problems with the size or quality of the bowl. When I clean the bowl. I gently remove 
Danby countertop dishwasher. We use the dishwasher in the office workroom of our church. It is the perfect size for a small staff of 10 to 12 people. Does a 
It works. The spray has helped a lot. Forget the plug-in diffuser. Our boy cat has been spraying marking because of outside animals, so when we spray this on the 
More Shoes Please!. I got tired of having shoes all over my room so I ordered this shoe rack. I m happy, happy, happy with it. It takes up very 
I love my mogu. I love my mogu doll this is the third one that I have purchased. I now have two and my sister-in-law who always wanted to steal 
Fits my needs to a Tee! Buy It!. I got this pot to replace an old 5 quart teflon lined aluminum pot of similar shape but with plastic handles, which 
what I was looking for.. Finally, a product that will do as advertised and NOT RUST!!!!!THANK YOU  
Outstanding. Exactly as pictured. Looks great. Pumps work flawlessly. I put hand-soap in one and dish-soap in the other. I have used it for about a year now without problems 
elegant and sturdy. I must admit that I always thought that people who decanted their wines were just a little bit over the top. A friend of mine told me 
Dissappointed I cannot purchase. Hi I am really sad that I cannot purchase this product as I live in Australia I think it is out of this worldCheersAnn  
Works well but UV light has short lifespan. Has worked well for two years, but the UV light only seems to last for a few weeks. I have stoped replacing 
Great Quality and Size. My Mom asked for one of these to replace some 200 carafe she had broken that came from William Sonoma. The one from William Sonoma seemed 
TV Top Shelf. Item as described and very easy to assemble.Arrived in a timely manner.  
Great table and chairs. I ordered the rectangular version of this table and chairs set even after reading the other reviews. This was after my husband said that he could 
Worked great for us!. This works well. You do have to adjust the oven temp for the darker pan. I was worried about using non non-stick tools on it, but 
Perfectly sized!. I, like the last reviewer, found that the bowls in the 16 piece-service for 4 Sango Gold Dust Black are quite large. These bowls are the perfect size 
Buy for youself, get some for gift giving. Wine server looks great and ends the drips! What a great hostess gift for the price  
cute candle piece. I think these little candle holders are great for any occasion. And they aren t expensive either. Therefore you can buy any color for any occasion to 
Exceptional Value and Quality. I have wanted a nice soft down comforter ever since we took a cruise and had such a nice one on our bed. Unfortunately, before this 
Great Value for the money... This knife set is a good value for the money. Need to keep the slicer and butchers knives sharp through proper maintenance but that is 
Excellent quick grill for the kids & adults. I purchased this so that my 14 year old wouldn t use the stove on his own. I wished I had bought 
Picky baby food eater. While my son is still picky about the consistency of baby food, he does eat it. Which is great. In addition I will also say this 
Fixed our Problem!. Our two and a half year old son was just potty trained and couldn t quite make it through the night. We had a smaller pad on 
Puppy Playpen. This is a really nice pen for puppies or older dogs. It is a great item to have when you do not want your furkid underfoot. I bought 
Wamsutta 100 Cotton Luxury Gingham Flannel Standard Sham, Maple. Really nice quality at a great price  
Just what I needed. My stove hood was getting darker and VOILA! It s bright again!Easy to install and minimally packaged  
Melitta One, Mango. A very interesting coffeemaker indeed. Funky but conservative colors and a rocket-shaped design lets you know this product is unique. It is not small, however, just because 
wonderful. the product does what it is suppose to do. you can not go wrong with Kitchen Aide products  
GREAT coffee roaster. We had one of the orginal Hearthware roasters and wore it out after 3 years of weekly roasting. we looked at several other brands and went back 
A god send. Great shape for the freezer or fridge. Our food has kept so well that there is little wastage. Good for marinator or just as a food saver 
Nice Winter Grill. This grill comes in handy in the middle of Michigan winter when we can t fire up our outdoor BBQ. It cooks quickly and cleans fairly easily. 
High quality and user friendly. The Henckels 4 star knives are wonderful. I am able to get such a good grip on these. Very happy with the set. The only 
Great, affordable, German China. German made china that is fabulous. I paid 10.99 per plate a week ago, and now Amazon lists this same plate at 16.10! Of course, that 
Well-worth the extra cost!!!. I just received and tested my new Miele office vac. Even this lowest-end Miele is FANTASTIC! It s as quiet as the one I have at 
nice pan, a little small. I guess I should have taken into account measurements. It is a small Jelly roll pan, but good quality. Gooey packaging came off with goo 
Works well and can be cleaned completely. The best thing about this deep fryer is that all parts could be taken apart and cleaned. It works well and is safe. 
silicone baking sheet. It s great, but I realized I can t cover my non stick pan with it and broil because it can t have direct flame. Other than 
Think &quot;out of the box&quot;{. Fill the ramekin with a dip and place in a matching coordinated LeCreuset oval casserole dish filled with chips or veggies. Nice presentation  
Love these pieces. I love these pieces. I plan on using them as decorative items when not being used to entertai  
Very happy with purchase. I purchased the Round Metro Metal wall clock for my husband for his birthday. I was pleased with the sturdy metal case the clock is encased 
cast iron 13 inch wok. this is exactly does what it says , no fancy gourmet designs. after seasoning, will last a lifetime with proper care  
Better than original carafe. After the handle broke off the carafe that came with our Krups AromaControl after about 2 years of use, perhaps several times a week , I 
Pleased Buyer. These dishes are just what I needed for every day use. What with one husband and four grandchildren who inevitably drop one dish or another, this is just 
Love butter? You need a keeper . Love it that it keeps the butter soft and spreadable and fresh. This one holds a larger amount than others I have had. 
The Best Grinder for the Best Grind. We have had one of these grinders for over 15 years. It was always the best and easiest to use. Simple to change 
not for smaller dogs. I bought this but found the swivel clips to be too heavy for my Shih Tzu and Yorkie so I gave it to my friend who 
Happy chopper! Review applies to both 5 & 7 . I completely agree with Sobai s January 9th review. I looked at the Furi knives when shopping locally two months 
Grape paper towel holder. This item was shipped quickly and arrived sooner then promised. It is a beautiful piece and I get compliments from everyone. Thanks  
Good Quality, but wouldn t recommend for top bunk. I bought this mattress pad for my 4-yr-old son, who sometimes had accidents in the bed at night. The pad is 
Very Satisfield. So far I am very satisfied with this product. I was surprised how large the basket was. It handles the needs of our family quite well and I 
Great cups for the kids, guests, anyone!. I originally purchased these tumblers for our kids to use. I wanted something that was unbreakable for the kids , but also something 
taylor 10 key timer. The timer is easy to use, and a very convenient size to carry around in a pocket. I can hear it ring from another room, if 
this is the only cat litter I buy. I highly recommend the Fresh Step litter, it clumps hard and I never have stinky litter boxes. I have six cats, so 
loves waffles. after searching high and low for a NON Belgian Waffle maker, I decided to try this one.. Make great waffles and love my grilled cheese sandwiches. Seems the 
Perfect for a smaller bedroom. This works great, it s quiet. It does take a while to get warm, but when it does, it maintains the toasty-ness. I wouldn t 
DRY FOOD DISPENSER IS VALUABLE ADDITION. THIS IS A TRULY TERRIFIC UPGRADE TO OUR KITCHEN. WE RECENTLY DID A COMPLETE REMODEL, AND WE WERE DETERMINED TO MAKE THINGS HANDIER TO 
Best Dog Toy Ever. My dogs love this toy! Granted that they only last a month or two in my house, but when I do have them my dogs love 
The Perfect Wok!. I highly recommend this wok. It is super light but very strong. It comes unseasoned, but it was easy to season as it was so light. Once 
Excellent quality for the money. I bought this cake dome at least 2 years ago and am still using it today. It is very sturdy and the glass quality is 
This kettle saves me time in the kitchen. My husband thinks that small appliances are a waste of counterspace and money. I don t always disagree, but we make press 
A Must Have for Serious Ice Cream Consumers... I don t know how many spoons my husband bent while he was scooping his gourmet ice creams. Nevertheless, I never really 
Great juicer. Have bought several of these juicers for members of the family and myself.It allows me to juice about anything.Only change I d make is a slightly larger mouth 
Nice Product. I use my blender for protein shakes and it works very well chopping frozen fruit and mixing. The product does exactly what it says it will do; however, 
Dog collar for wireless fence. Works great, actually better than the original with more features  
Definitely worth it. I love this blender. We use it at least 3 times a week to make strawberry smoothies. I ve never had a problem with it and its 
Works really well. I bought this to replace an old Honeywell Heppa air purifier. Since we were use to the white noise of the old one, we wanted one we 
Love the plates but they arrived scratched. I m sticking with the lighter colors due to scratching. My persimmon 16 piece setting arrived with two dinner plates scratched. I think 
Old is New Again. I purchased a refurbished Eureka Boss Upright and found it to be as good as new! We have two dogs with fur flying in short hairs, 
Spa Washcloth Weight. Columbia towels are especially luxurious to use and for a long time I didn t use them because they looked so lovely and new hanging in the 
Best in show. I dont honestly know where I first found mine, but I fell in love with it immediately. You never have to struggle with the cork. My parents 
Great sturdy product. I ve had this for several months already and it holds up very well.Great thick durable plastic. And the suction works well for the tiling behind my 
Icecream maker helped family reunion be a success. We enjoyed using this icecream maker very much. It froze the icecream in under 20 minutes, the instructions were clear and the 
Really Love This Set. I m not a professional cook by any means, but I got this set almost a year ago and I really enjoy it. If you buy 
Very Stylish. Very sleek and stylish mirror. Compares favorably to mirrors selling for much higher prices.  
Customer Satisfaction. My order was delivered to my house within a few days; and it was the XMAS rush! I have always wanted some LeCreuset cookware, and I was able 
Great little expresso pot!. This concerns the Bialetti Class 4 cup expresso pot. After becoming addicted to the much too expensive Starbuck s caramel macchiato but living too far away 
Good but a little mis-sized. I bought this two years ago. I probably use it once a month for baking. Even though it s non-stick, I had purchased a silicone 
great little vac. This is a great all around small, inexpensive vac for apt or to use with an upright. It comes with tools for small spaces and has a 
A nice version of a useful item. The napkin holder is a great compliment to your kitchen, especially if you have a wine theme going. I bought it for my 
My 2-year old loves this. We also got the ladybug and lion for my 2-year old and 16 month old. My 2-year old thinks it s really cool to feed 
This is excellent for cappuccino lover!. This is very easy to use and to clean and I love this cappuccino more than starbucks. I also love this looks. It is 
Perfect every time. The product is as sdvertized and is very simple to use. I am not a coffee connisseur but I do enjoy a good espresso. It has never 
Beautiful table. I ordered this coffee table. It arrived as scheduled. It was average difficulty to assemble. The quality is consistant with the money paid. I love it. Everyone who 
Love it!!. This thing is great. I would give it 5 stars. But the 2 stoppers that come with it are the same size. It s great for most bottles 
Use it all the time. Very hady not only for deep frying in the wok, but for fishing raviloi and other pasta out of a large pot of boiling water 
Absolutely wonderful!!!. I love this pan! We have a large family and I easily fit 5-6 chicken breasts in this pan at one time.You don t have to cook with 
A Newer Version. Our old Gizmo s battery gave up the ghost. We liked the can opener because it was compact under the cabinets and worked well. The only problem 
Great product.. The Flexible Chopping mats are great for preparing chopping and dicing fruits and veggies!Thank you  
Super quick machine- Works great!. I am a pastry chef at a small restaurant and just spent countless hours over the holiday season making sorbets and gelatos in my home 
RAVE REVIEWS. Very nice set, sleek design feels good on the hand. Ultra sharp blade and gleeming metal. We will order more of these and give some as gifts  
my favorite appliance. I have had my machine for several weeks and it rocks! There was a wee learning curve my fault, not the machine s but it is now 
Solid Cleaner. This unit cleans floors very well, even short berber patterned carpet that has different levels. It is easy to use with the separate soap dispenser. Overall it works 
best one so far. i have used others but so far, this was the best one and easy to use....my sister used it and she loved it so i ordered 
Rowenta Ironing Board Cover #ZD4430. This hard to locate ironing board cover was exactly as advertised, shipped quickly. It was a very satisfactory transaction  
Going strong after 10 years. After 10 years of marriage, 2 rough kids, 5 different houses moves, multiple dishwashers I m ready for more. I think my kids have lost 
Commercial Hard-Anodized 2-1 2-Quart Shallow Saucepan with Lid. Very pleased with the quality of this pan, good weight and cooks food evenly, clean up is easy too. Good product  
i love this skillet. what I like most about it is that I am able to use very little oil for sauteing, and I can use it in the oven 
Nice compact unit. If you re looking for an ultrasonic cleaner for general purpose usage then this is your unit. I ve used it to clean a variety of objects 
Excellent. Great Product for the price. Paid 29.99 for a king sized waterproof mattress pad. Hard to find one for that price in the stores with such a high level 
Makes a huge difference, some features confusingly lacking. I got this to accompany my Gaggia 35005 Carezza, because had been having inconsistent results with blade grinders, and store bought pre-ground 
Oscar Rocks!. I love my duvet cover. The fabric is of a very high quality and the print is attractive. It is also washable which is a bonus  
Pleased with the Product. I love the capability that can be transferred from a microwave to an oven. I use it primarily for my frozen crab cake that I microwave 
Soft with a good fit. We are verry satisfied with our Pinzon sheets, we had pruchased other more expensive sheets in the past and these were just as good if 
Cuisinart Mini-Prep - Worth the Money. This unit is worth the 39.99 price. I ve had it for about 2 years now. I don t have a need for a 
Bigger than expected. What can you say, it s a garlic keeper? I used to keep garlic on my counter in a small dish. This garlic keeper is pretty and 
Surprisingly Cool. I have sworn by air conditioners since I was a child, keeping it cranked on high all day and night to keep me as cool as possible in 
Nice pillow for Star Wars fan. This is a nice pillow for a Star Wars fan  
Le Creuset Tagine. I have found this to be valuable addition to my kitchen. I am interested in Mediterranen cooking and this is a traditional form in Morocco. This is 
Good but. My microwave arrived today - it was the Sharp R model. Arrived very quickly and I was thrilled with the speedy shipping. I can always count on Amazon 
Most amazing!. This is probably the best knife I have ever owned. Never dull, and always a smooth cutting experience. This knife has never let me down. Before owning this 
My cat loves these. My cat loves these. As soon as I opened the package my cat came running and started to play. He usually gets bored with the toys 
Norpro Deluxe Cherry Stoner Pitter. I was inpressed.Stoner worked well on all size cherries,got all stones as long as you did not fill hopper all the way.I put 20 to 
Slow Cooker works fine but smells like hot plastic when it cooks. We ve only had this CrockPot for a few weeks, and used it a handful of times. It 
my bunnies love this. This mat is very soft and after hundreds of washes it is still very soft and fluffy enough. I don t know about dogs or cats 
Very, very nice!. This is the piece I was dying to try and I m not one bit sorry I got it. Being cast, it cooked a great paprikash evenly 
Space Effecient. I really like this appliance. It does a good job toasting my bread and microwaving my food if necessary. The baking item does okay but I haven t 
Best One I ve Found Yet!. This smokeless ashtray works extremely well at containing second-hand smoke. Cleaning it can be a challenge; however, it works just as advertised! Recommend cleaning 
Emerilware Stainless Cookware. I ve had this cookware almost a year and really like it. The glass lids allow me to see inside the pot as it s cooking and 
Heavy duty for all purpose!. I love these!! Ordered three sets of these brick-red colored mini-bowls for my family and continue to be pleased with the performance. They are good 
They re Filters. I ordered these filters for my fish tank. They were shipped quickly. The quality is good and they keep my tank clean.  
Great looking product!. I was very pleased with both the design and construction of this product. There are enough hooks for all of my pots and pans and the shelf 
This is a good buy. I liked the comforter set. It s a good buy, although I would have liked to have more preferences in colo  
What size is this item?. It looks beautiful and I want to purchase it but there is no size anywhere.I don t want a small board - I want a 
The Perfect Madeleines. This pan provided a wonderful light golden color to the madeleines. I recommended using a spread of 1 tablespoon of melted butter and 1 tablespoon of flour 
WMF Nortica Hostess Set. We chose the WMF Nortica design because of the quality of the heavy 18 8 steel and the timeless classic look of the brushed metal finish 
The best. These are my favorite cookers. So much so, I bought this one for my friend  
Microwave steamer. It s a standard pyrex microwave casserole dish with a plastic steamer basket. As usual, dollar for dollar you can t beat the quality of Pyrek products for 
Inexpensive Lighting. Pros:inexpensive at 9Look like they cost moreLights the room wellCons:cheaply made , but only apparent if physically handled------For 9 they re a bargain but I wouldn t pay 
I love my Black & Decker Open-it-All Center. I bought the Open-It-All because I am beginning to have arthritis in my hands. I noticed after I opened jar lids, that 
The only cat toy I ve ever needed??. I bought one of these at a cat show about 6 years ago and have never regretted it. This thing absolutely memerizes 
Not so EZ clean. I love how the fryer works and looks. It is named EZ Clean but that isn t true yet. Somehow the seal leaks on the oil 
Ball canning. the kit was every thing that we expected. It was delivered in a timly fashion. very pleased.Gerr  
Great Coffee Machine. I purchased this for work, as I have the same unit for home. The choices in coffees and teas for use in the machne have greatly increased. 
Furi Knife review. The knives are perfect - just what my husband, the cook, wanted for Christmas. They came in a timely manner and are in perfect condition  
brita water filter. I have previously used the Brita water container, but the on tap water filter system is wonderfully easy to use! NO more awkard handling of a big 
So far, so great!. After doing some comparison shopping for rice cookers and finding this model at a local houseware store, I purchased this cooker today. I used it this 
Recipe Card Dividers. Just as I expected!!! Hard to find even in stationary or kitchen product stores. Delivered quickly with no complications  
nice pan but lid is thin. I like the pans shape and size.It is really large but not too heavy.The only thing is the beautiful shiny lid is too thin.It 
Great Desk Heater. I bought this heater for my desk to keep my hands warm. I was really surprised at the amount of heat it produced. It won t heat 
One of our best wedding gifts!. My husband and I received this as a wedding present. I had never heard of this product, but it is one of our favourite 
Love my comfy new chair!. This chair is really easy to assemble, but you have to kind of work a little to get the wheels in. The directions were not 
Best Wine Opener Available!. This is by far the best wine opener I have ever used. It is beautiful, a work of art, just to start with--therefore it can be 
KitchenAid Mixer. I purchased a factory reconditioned KitchenAid mixer back in September. I was so excited about the price and have been wanting one for so long. It took only 
Perfect match. Perfect accessory for any knife set much less a Wusthof knife set. Will also revitalize every pair of scissors in your house! It is a bit difficult to 
garbageman. Great can! looks good and very convenient! Make sure you measure your cabinet before purchasing. Most cabinet maybe too small to fit this can. You may have to remove 
Brita On Tap Water Filter. I have been using the Brita On Tap water filter a few years. I like it because it saves me from carrying bottled water. It 
HAPPY SO FAR. We ve used this at the grill with steaks, in the oven with a turkey breast and on the stovetop to make candy. It s worked perfectly 
love this unit - have 3 of them. We have one at our house, and two in the office. Works like a charm and the design is sleek and simple. 
multifunctional pan. You can do a lot with this besides make cornbread. Any kind of muffin mix seems to work  
I LOVE THIS PRODUCT. I really do love this product! It is easy to use as long as you follow the basic set of instructions , quick and produces a 
Antique Styling, Modern Durability. This trivet is wonderful - virtually indestructible. And it s absolutely beautiful, too! My friend from Brittany said her grandmother had the same exact trivet when 
sturdy and beautiful. The picture doesn t quite do the coloring justice. The bottom of the pitcher is much darker than the top, ranging from a deep brown red to 
Beautiful dining set!. My husband and I bought this dining set while being a little worried about some of the previous reviews about delivery problems, cracks, etc. However, we were 
Hooray!. I bought this to help organize my children s play room and this is perfect for their board games. Some of the games are a little long and stick 
Waterford Bedding. Waterford makes top quality, well styled bedding that lasts & lasts. We have several groups & love them all. Great product  
I USE IT DAILY TO MAKE BACON. I like this bacon plate because of it s circular size which is great for my microwave. I use it daily to make 
Much better than my last fryer. Mine has been great. Keeps temperature pretty well, the heating element is MUCH better than my previous. It still drops temp when you put 
Love Fiestaware. My husband suggested this as a birthday gift for me. I thought okay until I opened the package. This shamrock green is so pretty. This dinnerware is great. 
Elegant. I was so impressed with these sheets, I immediately ordered a second set. I recently purchased a pillowtop mattress and had to replace all my bed linens to accomodate 
I enjoy using this crock-pot. The pot is very easy to use and food cooks perfect  
A book Light can be a calculator light. I got this to use with my calculator, the display of which is not back-lit, and it works like a charm  
Honeywell HAC504 Replacement Humidifier Filter. Great price - even honored later date sale price but lacked outer evaporative cloth covering of original  
my husband s valentine. This pillow was purchased for my husband who says that this is the best pillow he has ever slept on. His neck does not hurt in 
Gorgeous. I absolutely love this pitcher. It s both functional & gorgeous. Used as a vase filled with red roses, you ll find you can t keep your eyes off 
microwave cook set. I have been happily surprised with the ease of cleaning and performance of these products. I cook lots of eggs in the microwave and dread soaking and 
Yep, it s that good. Preliminary review: I just used the aeropress for the second time and am very happy with it. I ve read the reviews here and at 
A Must-Have for Tea Drinkers. I switched from coffee to tea a few months ago, purchased this unit and am completely happy with it ... I can t recommend it 
Great. Made my knives sharper than new. Worked very well on serrated knives. Extremely quick and easy to use. Highly recommende  
Upper back pains solved. I spent a lot of time and money on physical therapy for my weak upper back muscles. I ve tried all sorts of specialized pillows for 
Le Creuset Mini Cocotte. This miniature pot is decorative as well as utilitarian since it can be used on the flame for melting butter or small amounts of sauces  
Great, well-made product. Love the tilt function. I bought this slicer after very extensive comparison. I wanted a slicer with a stronger motor, but was undecided if I really needed 
Eclipse 12 used for Dwarf Seahorses. I purchased an Eclipse 12 so I could set it up as a habitat for dwarf seahorses. I put a filter sponge over the 
Very satisfied. This is a sturdy well made appliance. A little soak, soap & wash gets any food that might be leftover in the textured surface. I don t know 
permanent filter. I have a combination Krups unit in white for both the coffee and expresso that is so old that I don t think they make that color any 
suprised a neat bowl. I debated on buying these for 3 weeks was not sure what they would look like,...I very please when they arrived,neat bowls,they look like cerel bowls,handels 
These towels are wonderful!. I ordered the Shadow Green and I love the soft green color it is beautiful! The towels are thick, abosorbent and luxurious feeling  
HEPA Filter - Hamilton Beach. Excellent product which does exactly what it is advertised to do  
Saved my wardrobe. I live in a tiny Manhattan apartment with basically one closet. This device literally saved me from having to weed through my closet and give my clothes 
Mrs. Anderson s Pie Crust Shield saves the day!. I LOVE this product! I have been waiting all week for it to arrive, and it finally did today! I baked 
AWESOME PRODUCT!!. I bought this for my older cat who has no body fat on her. It serves a dual purpose in that it protects her favorite chair from the 
Great surface. I have an extra wide ironing board and the cover that came with it was so thin. This cover makes a great surface to iron on, almost make 
Great Product. This is my 3rd pressure cooker. The last 2 higher end products. Broke within the 1st year with just average use. This pressure cooker is simple, basic and 
The best thing I ever bought for my kitchen. I have a small, one person kitchen with very little storage. The hanging pot rack saved more space than I thought 
EXCELLENT transaction!!!. Fastest shipping ever! Thank you so much, we will buy from you again  
Strong little hand blender. This hand blender is much stronger than the previous blender I owned. The blade is very sharp and a workhorse for its size  
Great Waffle Iron - Great Price. I really like this waffle iron. It s EASY to use and makes waffles FAST. I bought two - one for a gift and 
Great Pie Dish. This is a large deep pie dish. The shape of the dish yields a beautiful pie, especially apple  
Heavy Weight Guest Towels. Columbia towels are especially luxurious to use and for a long time I didn t use them because they looked so lovely and new hanging in 
Does just what it says it does. I ve owned my Duet for well over 2 years and I m a bit baffled by the negative reviews I m reading 
OVE Glove. I love.No more burnt fingers and the price special was just right as well. Get one- or two  
happy so far. we bought this heater almost a year ago to use in the home office area. we have no heating system in that room and it gets pretty 
GREAT COUNTERTOP WATER SYSTEM. We used the Britta system for almost 9 years to filter our nasty tasting local water. We were becoming dissatisfied with the floating carbon particles with 
powerful!. This blender is very powerful. The lid is a little difficult to take off, only a minor issue with me  
This one s a winner!. Tired of a hot lap top ? The Lapinator is the answer. I highly recommend this item and I have thoroughly tested it.  
Cute and reliable, missing a couple features. Have had this for 6 months and it works great. People always compliment me on how stylish it looks!As noted in another review, 
Great for those with limited space, excellent invention! Some minor pitfalls:. First of all, I love these. They fold neatly, take up little cabinet space, etc.However, it does NOT say 
Easiest furniture to put together. My husband and I just bought 4 of the Santa Fe pieces. I have been putting similar furniture together for years, this is by far 
good buy. bought this for my automatic cat box seems to work well with it.I do think the odor control could be better I recommend using a sprinkle on odor 
Great little instant read thermometer. I have this thermometer in black and it s been great.Important tip to note: Stick the metal tip into item, let it sit for a 
Amazon was the answer to my Christmas gift-giving problems. I was looking for a tea kettle for my sister for Christmas and couldn t find one anywhere. Finally I tried 
Great knife. I purchased this for my wife. A hundred bucks for a knife insane! Until you use it. I think this is worth the money. My wife says is 
pleasure. Keeps my butter the real stuff, not margarine soft and able to spread on soft bread. Love it  
Mugs to match nice dishes!. Who really uses cups and saucers any more? Maybe for a formal company dinner or fancy tea party.The cups that come with the sets of 
Media Storage Review. This is the best all-around media storage cabinet i have owned in over 25 years of storing media. It s outside design is great. The shelving design 
Smelling like a rose. For years our garbage has gone into a 1 gallon plastic pitcher. No amount of washing could keep it socially acceptable. A new era began with 
Great whisk. I ve owned this whisk for about a year now, and I m quite happy. It is pretty small, but that s great for me since I don 
I HATE spiders. The vacuum works great. It would be perfect if the bugs didn t need to get removed from the part where they are zapped. I would also 
excellent product and service. These wicks are excellent - original product, not a knock off. Great value, quick delivery  
Tumblers. I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly my order arrived. They were exactly what I was searching for! Because they are insulated the tumblers don t sweat so no 
the smell of morning coffee. This is close to the same coffee maker my dad s girlfriend uses. Sometimes I get confused when I m in the back room on 
A Wonderful Oven Mitt. An excellent product! They work exactly as advertised. They re good looking and comfortable as well as functional  
Took 2 tries. The first set came very very broken. I sent them back and got another set just fine  
Clean Air. My wife and I noticed the difference within a day of using it. We felt better in the morning. Neither of us has been sick this Winter after 
Super Great!. This bowl is very durable and I love the different colors that it comes in. The bowl is dish washer and microwave safe and my kids have banged 
I Want To Buy More Of This Item in varying sizes . Recently purchased this in mid-2006 and it is the best cookware item I have ever owned and used. 
Humidifier. We like the product. There is not a lot of noise and refilling is easy.  
Great Product. Using this product for about 4 months now and it s simply great. This unit received a lot of use during the Holidays and it never missed a 
Good low end but check out new Vivants. I got a bunch of Overtures when Amazon was discounting them heavily but never did like the stumpy proportions. Now Riedel has 
Really Surprised How Strong This Vacuum Is. in picking up hair and animal hair. Crevice quick flip makes it easy to use for hard to reach places, picking up the 
Beautiful pattern and delicate cup. Teacup and saucer are even more intricate than pictured. Also, Amazon did a fabulous job with careful packaging and shipped very promptly  
Great product. Works as advertized. Heavy Duty. Easy to clean. Kids use it almost every night to mix milkshakes. They prefer it to our blender.  
Pretty serving tray... Pretty serving tray, my only complaint is that I thought it might be a bit taller, but it will still do it s job at a buffet 
Good price, good item!. My bofriend and I were moving into a small house with no counter space and knew that we needed something to put our microwave on. I 
White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer. We were very pleased with the White Mountain ice cream maker. It brings back fun memories of when we were kids while making new ones 
Love our V1725T Shark!. I absolutely Hate to vacuum and anything that postpones it is great in my book. Most vacuums are so loud and heavy that I hate to 
Best stand fan. It is powerful, attractive, and extremely reliable. Easy to assemble and the remote is great  
Great silverware. Very good quality silverware. We bought it to match with an existing set of Henckles silverware. This Oneida is holding up to washings and little kids much better 
Dyson. Impressive machine overall. I ve had a problem with some carpets causing the beater bar to stop resulting in the loud percussive clicking of the beater bar clutch. Looking 
Fiesta Ware. I have used the same Fiesta Ware for the last 12 years and I have not broken a piece yet! Even when my 2 teenage boys were babies, 
Good Report on Dualit Toaster. For more years then I want to count I have been fussing with one or more Big Box Store toasters and found they all came 
great skillets. These are just great and the price sure is right....the large skillet is deep and great for frying....about 20.00 cheaper then the cheapest place I found.....I love them 
LTD is the absolute BEST!. This cookware is without peer. I know, I have been using my first LTD pan since 1989 and have purchased many others since. That 1989 
great product. This product saves me money on expensive vet bills because it works better than treatments I had received there. Zymox takes about a week to work, with one 
Rooster Pasta Set. I m very happy with this pasta set. It exactly matches the dinnerware set and the quality is great. The pasta bowl is HUGE! I am considering 
great so far. i ve had mine 7 months, and used another one for much longer at a previous residence. never had the mold problem others have reported. i love 
R2D2. Cute little pudge looks just like the charactor from Star Wars. I bought a new stove and it gives one little buzz and then stops. I was burning too 
Great for ice cream and a hit with preschoolers. We use these for everything: berries, nuts, raisins, yogurt, ice cream. My nephew loves them for his chocolate chips, Annie s 
Visual Wine Decanter. Very pretty, space efficient and the design allows for good aeration of the wine. This was a hit. The recommended knob I ordered was the only miss. 
Great product. Just got this in the mail today - excellent addition to our 29 gallon tank! We have two red-eared sliders, and they are still pretty small. This ramp 
Great little machine. After reading many reveiews on this product I decided to go ahead and purchase it. I hate the public laundry so I thought this would be a 
Beautiful dishes. Dishes are just as pretty as they look but are not quite as bright colored as they show. Are a nice color, would not want them any brighter. 
Great little oven. This is a great little oven. It reaches temperature fast and it stays at temperature. The convection oven fan is a little noisy, but not annoying. The 
Must have for wood and tile floors!. When we purchased our Dyson, I read about this tool in some of the reviews and decided to purchase the Factory-Reconditioned unit and 
cats are never thirsty. the capacity is great. We have several cats and one small dog and the dish is never dry. We only need to fill it every other 
Top rate multi-purpose sheet!. As a serious cook, I look for tough uncoated surfaces that won t rust or require such ginger care. The pan is sturdy, priced right, fits 
Wusthof Slicer. Was a Christmas gift for my son-in-law and he was very pleased. This is the second Wusthof knive I have given him. Excellent  
sturdy and convenient. With six children, myself and my husband, sometimes just collecting the laundry from all over the house leaves me worn out. That s why I like the 
Nice looking and Useful. Came on time and in great condition. I use a lot of European recepies, so I stumble on a lot of metric measurements; so I am 
The Best!. This is such a great pan for omlets because of the sloped sides that allow you to slide underneath. This would be a great first peice of cast 
feels great. no complain! felt very good to touch. wormed me during very cold nights.I wish if I had more options in the choice of color  
Relaxing!. I tend to stress out a bit so my husband bought me this for my office as a stress reliever. I love it! It is a great way to 
FIESTA!. This is a great idea! Everyone should have AT LEAST ONE of these ~ personally I d get one for every member of the household. The well is perfect 
Regarding DeLonghi. I have had a DeLonghi for several years now different model . To be sure, I have had to replace the grommet and the stupid plastic crema maker. 
Great gate, but read my review before buying. I just bought this gate because I needed something semi-permanent in my living room to keep my new puppy from running all 
A great way to prevent a fire!. I purchased this for my mother who has melted more than one pan on her stove and has collection pot and pans with 
Excellent Quality. I received my roaster within 3 days of ordering. It was excellent quality and made of commercial-grade aluminum with a thick bottom on the pan. The lid fit 
Great towels for price!. Purchased 5 sets of these towels.Bought 2 sets at 29.99 apiece and 3 sets at 19.99 apiece.Very soft and large towels.Very pleased with this purchase.Found some 
maryM. This is an excellent pressure cooker at an excellent price. I do feel they should have included a trivet and metal plate. All of the accessories are extra.I ordered 
A point of clarification. So that other readers are not mislead:A tea pot is designed to hold hot water and tea leaves so as to steep the tea.A tea kettle 
Polycarbonate is the way to go!. These polycarbonate glasses are terrific! What the manufacturer says is true: They really don t break and they don t show wear from the 
microsuede duvet set. Great duvet and pillow shams for the price. Soft and comfortable.a great buy  
Perfect for a meal serving!. This plate is perfect for serving a nice amount of food in the center of the table or for a larger single meal for one 
Brita your water. Very satisfied with the system. Makes water tastes go away. Water should not have a taste at all and brita makes it that way  
Business Is Picking Up. I have Great Danes and can t find any of these in suitable sizes locally. These are not the toy scoops one can get in pet 
Scooba floor washer. I bought this product because I liked the vaccumn so much. It stood up to my expectations.  
good item. I really like the design, they are easier to take out than the square design. when you place them on the fridge you place one faceing one way 
Versatile Chip and Dip. This chip and dip is on my bridal registry but I received it early, as a birthday gift. I just LOVE it! During the holiday s 
Milano Espresso To Go. I love the end product. Has the appearance and feel of a chair worth twice the price and was exactly what I wanted.However!!! The instructions for 
So far so good. This item has broken on a few people, so I will update this review if it breaks. So far I really like it. The only reason 
Wilton cake pan. Wilton makes the best products for any baker! I only use Wilton when it comes to making decorative cakes for my friends and family.This cake pan makes 
CORELLE DISHES. I ORDERED 3 SETS SO I WOULD HAVE A SERVICE OF 12. IT IS HARD TO FIND DISHES WITH TRUE RED ON THEM, I HAVE LOOKED EVERY WHERE 
Wonderful for your kiddos!!. My grandson loves his comforter. He won t let you take it off his bed even to make it. Very good quality and so very cute. 
fridge into wine!. Not bad. this bottle rack set is a little tricky to put together but can turn those empty refrigerator shelves into wine storage. Make em as high 
West Bend Wok. I purchased this item as a Christmas present for my daughter-in-law. She had one previously, but it wore out and we were unable to find a replacement. 
You can t beat Raclette!. I first tried a Raclette prepared meal in 2002 while visiting my fiancee s parents in Lyon, France. Needless to say I was hooked straight 
THE BEST WINE OPENER!!. My husband drinks A LOT of wine, so any wine opener really gets a workout at our house. This is the second Vacu Vin Winemaster Corkscrew 
Perfect Size. I love this decanter for it is the perfect size. Had one before and I broke it so I went online and got the same one again  
Dog loves it, but it needs a carrying case. This product is sturdy and has plenty of room for my 9.5 lb shih tzu. It s easy to use, and 
Cuisinart s Chef s Classic Series is a Best Value. We have owned varies types of cookware in the past 20 years. Some we have had to throw away, some 
Featherweight Lightweight Bissell 3106A vacuum. It s convenient, very lightweight, easy to use and has very good suction. It is kept handy and used every day to pick up crumbs, 
Mikasa Iced Tea Spoons. These spoons have a substantial feel in your hand and are of excellent quality for such a low price. The satin finish with shiny edges is 
Looks high quality. I have had many good experiences with the Farberware brand. I ordered this set and it feels like quality. Skip the lower grade sets even the lower 
Works like a charm and never needs oiling!. This is a great waffle iron. I like the fact that you never have to oil it. Though that also may depend 
The only knife you need. I ll admit it - I ve fallen in love. I first used this knife at a friend s house, and was blown away by 
Easy to use. I got this for an apartment with two guys who hate to clean. I figured if I got a cool gadget that also cleans maybe they will 
Great Universal knife. I really have enjoyed using this knife. It is a great universal knife. It is nice to have when one needs to cut through chicken skin for 
Best cat toy on the market!. This interactive toy is stunningly effective in motivating the hunting instinct of your kitty! My two both are spellbound by it and it really 
Purple Sheers. The sheers are excellent! The only problem with this order is that there was a mix up in the initial shipping and I received black sheers instead of 
Hamilton Beach TrueAir Plug-In Air Cleaner, Two-Pack. Very cool product... I bought 16 double packs because it was cheaper to just use the unit and the throw it away vs. 
Fabulous Flowing Chocolate. I recently purchased this item and used it for a party of about 40 people. I had read the reviews on-line and decided on this one for 
the best ever. the thread count is excellent on these egyptian cotton sheets, really something worth considering. its like sleeping on clouds, in heaven, in the sky, where god lives. 
OUTSTANDING. Just what I wanted and I need another set.TY FRED LUNDBOR  
Good little gadget for the price. Like another reviewer, I was skeptical about this, but I wanted a frother to give as a Christmas gift and was willing to risk 
TO CUTE COOKIE JAR. THIS WAS A GIFT FOR MY BOSS WHO IS VERY PICKY AND SHE THOUGHT IT WAS GREAT. THIS WAS THE PERFECT GIFT. IT WAS VERY VERY 
Nice product. I bought this for my office. I looks great, and works fine. It also was received very fast. I was amazed how quickly I received it. One issue 
toasty review for Sanyo Toasty. The Sanyo Space Saver Toasty is great on saving space and is a good toaster. However it is not the best in using it as 
Fabulous little hot water pot!. We love this pot, and keep hot water available 24 hours--nice to grab that lunchtime soup or late-night cup of camomile tea. It is easy 
Nice Liquid Soap Dispenser. I like this soap dispenser because:1. it s big and I don t have to refil it often;2. when filled up with detergent, body lotion or 
Great shakers. These are really great shakers. They re pretty small though so don t plan on serving corn on the cob to 10 people and expecting it to last 
It s worth the money. It s a handy gadget to have around the kitchen, and also for cleaning up the toothpaste blobs in the bathroom sink. My only complaint 
Flexible in shape and in color. I bought both of my boys this hamper when I redecorated their rooms. It goes with anything, and the mesh allows the clothes to 
My wife loves it. My wife loves hot water - for tea and straight. She was always boiling water on the stove - sometimes forgetting until it all boiled away. 
Form and Function. This is a great little timer! Sure, it s not all fancy and digital, but it gets the job done just the same. And it adds a 
Great for a Long Winter s nap!. I bought one of these duvet covers and liked it so much I went back and bought another for my mother. She loves 
Best cat toys ever!. My cats don t like to play with many toys, but they love the crackle noise this toy makes. I had to buy one toy for 
High quality on par with ALL Clad and good for induction stove. After much research and looking at different triply clad cookware from Henckels, Kitchenaid, Calphalon, and ALL Clad, I 
Item does work however, with patience. The apple slicer blade works nicely. The large cut french fry slicer works but the secret is to place the large end of the 
Just what I expected!. The price was right! The stand looks expensive and does the job!!  
Allergy sufferer. This is a great product, I love the Automatic function where it senses the condition of the air and adjusts the fan speed accordingly. Since I placed this 
No more stink!!. it s a cool little tent... it s cute. keeps the area clean of litter sand and the it doesnt make it smell as bad anymore because 
Great Buy!. Does the job and a good buy. Not a real decorator item, though  
Sharp Solid Stainless Style. Another beautiful knife from this series.Wonderful balance, solid forge, well built, great edge, stylish, and practical. Fits nicely in the hand, great contour. Quite handy when 
Versatile!. Why haven t they come up with this before? I love this little machine. I have used this both on the stove top following all directions, of course and 
Nice product, but could be a little more flexible. I have a sort of spatula addiction. I own far too many spatulas and always buy more looking for the perfect 
welllll not to bad. i purchased this sprayer to us with spray butter, well it does work but a full pump only get a small amount of spray probably because 
Love It!. I just received this today and I love it! It s sure to get tons of use! Nice clean lines...very pretty. Great price too! Thanks Amazon Target  
This is my second one!!!. My husband and I love this electric skillet!! This is our second one - as we over used our first one. It is the perfect 
Melitta Ready Set Joe Coffee maker. This coffee maker is super! My office has access to hot water, but not enough space for a traditional coffee maker. Ready Set Joe, 
A Great Knife. You can t go wrong with this knife. I use it almost as much as I use my 8 inch chef s knife. It holds an edge 
Great Cutting Board. This cutting board is all that it is advertized to be. I liked mine so much that I went out and bought a smaller version. Being able 
cool concept for storage and dispensing. I absolutely love cereal and I just had to have this cereal dispenser. Easy to clean and assemble. It is a fun way to 
Don t burn the macaroni. I purchased this pot in January, and have used it several times a week since. I love the pot for sauces and other stove top 
Super-nice fan ... Moves a LOT of air, nice controls, well-made, great fan! My only problem with it was I didn t pay any attention to the HEIGHT dimensions and 
Really NICE!!!. I am very impressed with this dog bed. It is very thick and has extra padding. The cover DOES come off for cleaning. The zipper is well hidden. 
Great pan, but a little on the expensive side.. I love cooking in this pan. I love cooking in cast iron utensils in general of which I have a few 
The Best. I have been searching for months to find a cover to fit my large ironning board. No one carries one. This is fabulous  
Calphajon 8 inch non-wtick pan. Typical of Calphalon. The best non-stick pan on the market as far as I m concerned. Excellent product  
Sango Nova Brown 4 Piece Hostess Set. The product is exactly what I ordered. However, the first shipment was not properly packed and arrived broken. Replacement was prompt with no 
Mixed review. I bought one of these wafflers after doing more research than the subject warrants, I m sure. My local mom&pop carry this line so I purchased it from 
Fine Fiskar Scissors. These scissors work wonderfully. I had two pairs of large scissors in my kitchen - one with a broken point and neither cut well. Having used Fiskar 
Excellent Cookware w Style. Besides looking nice when hung from a pot rack, this big pot heats up quickly, cooks food effectively, allows for metal utensils to be used, and 
One-touch!. We received this model as a gift from dear friends -- after having cooked rice for decades in a covered saucepan on the range. This is terrific! Just put 
Great Looking Functioning machine. got the machine about three weeks ago and have since made between 15 to 20 cafe lattes. first and foremost the machine looks great - primary 
I love my wok. This wok is so far the best one that I have ever had. It is truly non-stick easy to clean & the glass-domed lid is a 
DVD CD Storage. Beautiful wood tone, would blend with any dark furniture. Can be stacked on top of each other, or side by side looks really nice. I am a 
Mr Coffee. This is the perfect size coffee maker for an apartment or camper. I have one in both  
The best flavor. Both of my dogs found carrot to be their favorite flavor over cheese, bacon or any of the others. Yeah carrot is best. It was 2 different 
Sunflower Minidisk Pitcher. It is adorable. We had a large picture just like this when I was a child so this is a special reminder of it. The minidisk pitcher 
Great Juicer @ Times Manual don t describe Trick of Cleaning. REVIEW:----------------- This Juicer is a Great juicer, and if you know the Trick to cleaning it, well its a 
Love it!. I have small children and I like being able to use the sanitizing steam on the floors which is nontoxic. The pads are cotton and should not be 
Black Fabric Shower Curtain. Very pretty... simple and elegant for your black and white bathrooms.  
I waited too long to buy this. This immersion blender is so easy to use! I can t believe I lived without it. I have spent 30 plus years using 
Works pretty well ... except. I have three cats and bought this to keep one of them away from my door. It works very well on two of them but 
amazon has saved my coffee maker. I loved it and I have found more things to buy from amazon. I thought amazon is only for books and music. I was 
great filter, great price!. I have owned this filter for many years and I have to say it is great. I have owned others that were good to just as 
I love this kettle!. When a cup of tea sounds wonderful, you won t have to wait long for it. Water heats very quickly, and with the automatic shut-off, you 
Great - if you get good popcorn. Having read the other users reviews of this product, I was not really interested in buying it. So many of them complained of 
good to have one at home. Nice little toaster with good price. Just be careful it can get really hot when toasting.  
Great single malt glasses. Excellent quality for this hard-to-find specialty glassware. Available in a nice size set  
A Chef in the Making. This kit is very durable, and my daughter loves it. The hat is velcro and can be sized appropriately. The fabric is thick enough for 
Great Quality, Excellent Value. These stools are very sturdy and well worth the price. The cushion material is a little plain but overall, they provide excellent quality at an unbeatable 
Corelle Lifestyles Pewter Dishes--20 pc set. I ordered the dishes and love the plates and bowls. They are light-weight and don t take up much room in my cabinet. They 
