false advertising. Although the &quot;technical data&quot; said this pot is safe for the stovetop, when it arrived, its own literature said very clearly that it is NOT safe for stovetop 
Missing parts. Recived one filter not two as advertized. I will not do transactions with this vender again  
Just say no. Amazing that in 2005 you can read review after review on Amazon about the poor quality of almost every toaster offered. We hoped this one would be 
Pike Street Flannel Queen Sheet Set. Nice and soft but boy oh boy do they loose a lot in the wash. I think if I wash these about 12 times 
Garbage, Absolute Garbage. I d think if I were Dyson, I would recall all of these.Big, Bulky Pricey, and worthless. I thought turbines were designed to spin?It certainly does not 
better stay away. Bad quality, on off switch and plastic ring broken after 1 year.  
lousy. the electric skillet takes forever to heat up and it does not heat in the corners also it takes longer to cook than an electric frying pan I would 
a poor design. i am very disappointed with this humidifier and its filter. it consumes about 1 filter per month and if you keep the humidifier off for more than 
Not so safe... I bought six of these collars for my five cats. I bought an extra just in case one of the cats lost one. I thought the colors 
Very Poor Quality Vacuum. This vacuum worked for about 2-minutes before the brushes stop turning. I took this to a authorized Hoover vacuum dealer to look at. After finding the 
Grrrr, this thing sucks!. So, this clock woke me up alright! The snooze didn t work, and then I couldn t turn it off! I had to rip the batteries 
Filters OK, MyPod not. The filters fit and do what they are designed to do, thought a little costly for what you get. Unfortunately, the MyPod that they fit just 
Great Grater, and then... This thing worked like a champ, impressed friends, and lasted all of 6 months...and then, the plastic screw that attaches the handle to the grating drum 
Nice idea, but that s all. The dispenser is in the kitchen and it dispenses soap sporadically for no apparent reason. This happens frequently during the day and night. It 
Don t buy it if you are intended to protect disks, CDs, tapes and Videos. I have just purchased this chest. The first thing I read from the packing box 
Overpriced for a small saucepan. Am I the only one who thinks 55 is far too much to spend for a 1.5 quart saucepan  
Not a real tagine: it only looks like one. A real tagine in Morocco has a hole at the top for the steam to escape. This has NO Hole and 
terrible quality; a really unfortunate purchase. Two years ago, I purchased this hand-crank ice cream freezer for 130 on the web. My wife and I loved the idea of kids 
Very poor service. I bought this cocktail shaker as a gift. The package came on time. But when I opened the package I noticed that the container that had the 
Like using a big tissue. These towels seem to be of poor quality. They are very light and quickly become saturated. An average size person would probably need two of 
extra light weight. I should have read the other review more closely. This is a good blanket for HOT summer nights! I believe it is too light for cold winter 
HUNTERS TOYS. CHEWED THE KNOBS RIGHT OFF. HELD THE BALL DOWN WITH HIS PAWS AND CHEWED ALL THE KNOBS.  
okay coffee, terrible espresso. I received this as a gift a year ago and I like the coffee maker part, the coffee comes out with a good flavor albeit a 
Tools. These are great towels if you can get them. They are very soft and a great price but I ordered them in December and they came in one at 
Poor Quality - Overpriced. This Rosle product is made in China, and its quality is very inferior to the German-made utensils. Rosle is ruining their reputation with these cheaper Chinese-made 
Fails to pump and top does not attach to base. I would rate this ZERO but that option is not available. The weight of the stainless steel is heavy, exactly 
Waffle Maker & Sandwich Grill. I can t tell you how disappointed I was with this Continental CE23711 Waffle Maker & Sandwich Grill. First of all, it was a month 
It s ok but definitely not as good as expected. They say this is so amazing because nothing sticks to it, it cooks food better than regular pans, odors don 
Do Not Buy This Toaster. This toaster projectile ejects your toast right to the kitchen floor, even if the toaster is located at the back of the counter by the 
Chef in Pa. This flan pan is very flimsy, and don t hold up well  
Dissapointed. Love the look but they chip very easily, my husband picked up a cup of coffee and the cup just fell off the handle on two occasions.I guess if 
Disappointing Egg Cooker. I ordered this product based on the reviews that were available at the time. I was sorely disappointed. There is no measuring cup, so all water amounts 
It s too thin on its leading edge and warps. I love my other silcone spatula s by Mario but this one is not what I expected. The edge warps, 
Awful...not durable. HiI bought this heater at Home Depot and was very happy initially. It did an awesome job at heating my garage. It would heat up my 2 car 
Loved it, but it broke. I received this as a Christmas gift, and it really does make opening a bottle of wine fun and easy. But the pin that holds 
I m Finally giving up on Mr. Coffee coffeemakers. Color me dense, but after going through 8 Mr. Coffee coffeemakers in the past 10 years I m tossin in the 
These knives are Stamped, not Forged. These knives get 2 stars for being priced like a forged knife set when they are actually stamped lower quality .Knives come in two 
The Sunflower that never blooms. It is a beautiful mold, and I was excited to make a cake in the shape of a sunflower. I am a pretty experienced baker, 
This toaster is like jack-in-the-box. Not only does this toaster burn toast on one side, even at low settings, the force of the toaster has a tendency to projectile bagels 
DO NOT BUY!. When I bought mine there was no reviews. I have the same problems as the other reviewers have. Feathers poking through. I was suckered by the low 
WOW!! This thing sucks. 0 STARS. I just got this thing 2 hours ago. In the middle of grinding a 16oz bag and it stops working. Made it through about 
Not 18 10. Although The flatware is nice looking... I bought these because they claimed it was 18 10 stainless steel, what I received was 18 0. Be aware  
Great concept, needs better material. I bought these because I was sick of creating foil shields on the pies I bake. I love that these slip perfectly on and off. 
Worked Superbly for 60 days. Bought the primary and then two remote transmitter thermometers. Was really pleased with the main receiver and its ability to monitor the highs and lows 
Eh, they re ok. When I opened the product, the sheets really were soft. But when you re laying on them, they aren t very comfortable. I wouldn t buy 
As Bad as It Gets. I owned a Salton 3 for All over 10 years old. I thought that with the purchase of this Krups unit I d be moving 
No suction, brush doesn t work--waste of money. If there were a rating lower than 1 star, I would have used it, because this vacuum doesn t even deserve 1 
doesn t last. I have had my Magic Bullet for a year, using it almost exclusively for mixed drinks. Others are right - forget about using it for onions or 
Picture is confussing. I was confussed by the picture. I thought I was getting a 54 crate. Now I have a divider, with no crate. :  
Very, very disappointing!. I don t understand this product, the picture and description clearly shows a bottle with a sprout pourer, yet I only received the bottle without the sprout!Careful 
Yes good for five uses. I am trying to find the warranty info on this product. Since this product is not inexpensive it should last longer than the maybe 5 
Malfunction. After a couple months, the humidity became stuck at 20 . Even holding it by my humidifier didn t help  
You get what you pay for - DON T BUY THIS SET!!. My sister saw the TV ad and ordered the Miracle Blade III Set. Now I knew the said 
Already broken... I purchased this high-end toaster oven because I wanted needed a proficient smaller oven for smaller baking needs. After 5 months of moderate usage, however, the middle knob 
love other KA but this is a loser. I bought myself one of these and used it minimally and was happy. I then bought one for my daughter. She used 
Butter dish not tall enough. It looks nice but the lid touches the top of the butter and sticks to it  
well???. this product is not what I expected. I was hoping that my daughter would like to help me bake...... well she was afraid to touch the mat, especiall when 
wrong ptcture. The picture is of the 3.2 cubic foot mode  
Took a Risk and Losing So Far... I read the reviews on this coffee maker and put it on my Christmas list anyway. I had a lot of trouble getting 
Arrived broken. I like this type of opener very much, and wanted to replace another similar model that had lasted a year before failing. So I opened the package, and 
You get what you pay for. While the high end Riedel glasses are very nice, this set didn t even come close to my expectations. I thought I was getting 
STOPS WORKING. I bought this to make meaty stews with rice for my dogs. It works for a while then stops working, or just goes on warm. They replaced it 
Poorly designed. I wanted to love this, as I bought this on the recommendation of other professional cooks for its zippiness, simplicity, and sharp blades. I am pretty adept in 
They re too darn big. They are huge, and this is not indicated in the product description. Buy them if you want gigantic wine glasses. I am returning mine  
Luck of the draw. We bought three of these when our building s boiler died, and while initially we were really pleased, a month later two out of three of 
Not So Good. This product I bought and not only did the top break when I opened it, the wipes dried within a day so badly I had to reseal 
Terrible to open to fill. I have had these salt shakers for over a year. They are terrible. It is a fight everytime you want to fill them. I am 
Terrible - Horrible - Pillow. This is the absolute worst pillow I have ever used. I m sorry I had to spend so much to figure that out. It is 
Too Small. This may seem like a good aquarium, but it is not. This is FAR too small for a betta. Pet shops that sell them in tiny bowls do 
Look nice, but... These dishes look very nice on your table, but they have many problems.After about a year, my plates started cracking, directly above the ridge on the bottom. 
Nice shelf- But......... This perch is a great size for a large cat or even two cats together. It is soft and appears to be very comfortable. However, the way 
Don t waste your time or money. Our dogs didn t even notice it. We have three small terriers and I thought this would be a suitable device for a 
Lightwedge. Works OK lights up the page a little, but not greatDoesn t work well enought in the dark  
not what I asked for. I thought that I had found the perfect gift for my mother.The description provided was not what I got. When I received my package there 
Will not last!!. This waffle maker broke at the two hinge pins within one year of purchase. Parts are not available. Top is hinged to bottom with two small plastic 
broken. We received it broken..I don t have the oriinal box to send it and don t know what to do so just bought another one in a local stor 
The worst Coffee Machine EVER. I bought this because I liked the idea of having the water filter inside. You can t find replacement filters. You can t measure the 
Ratings- Miracle Blade Knives. The knives are ok . Could get just as good knives at WalMart.The warranty service is TERRIBLE! You will be saddened to know that you ll 
just ok one bowl was broken. The larger of the bowls was broken when I recieved it so it was not packet very well. I have used the smaller bowl 
falls apart. poor quality. Feathers everywhere. I normally dont write reviews, but I strongly suggest you do not get this  
Mold. Throughout the years I have used and owned many different versions of the Brita Pitcher Water Dispenser. All of these filtered water containers have been great. The only complaint 
absolute garbage. This is not even a toy. DO NOT waste your money on this item. Amazon will charge you to send it back which is what most will do 
So disapointed. After reading the reviews on this product I thought it would be a great space heater for my apt. I couldn t have been more wrong. It barely 
A Complete Misrepresentation. This is NOT a 3 qt. tea kettle. It clearly says on the box 2 1 2 quarts. I returned it  
Inconsistency. This is made in China, not Germany. It is an exuberant amount to pay for a product that did not cost much to make  
Ignore the star rating. Amazon can t seem to acquire and ship this item. If you would like this item to actually arrive then get it somewhere else. I ve 
Not a happy customer. I can put up with the weight, the noise, the poorly located on-off switch, the spinning brush that is cool but doesn t work. What I 
Manufacturer would not exchange defective item. I received the CitriStar juicer, and immediately after opening it, found that, about 25 of the time, the motor would buzz instead of engaging 
Mess, Mess, Mess. I don t understand how anyone cooks with this. It blows out an immense amount of gooey steam water! I cooked brown rice, followed directions exactly, even 
Not a safe collar. I bought one of these for my small cat. When I looked the collar over I found I was able to pull on one of the 
The color sticks!!. I got these sheets and was very pleased with them at first. After a couple of days I observed color sticking to everything around. The worst, it 
Lot different to the Actual photographs shown on site. I was really impressed by looking at the pictures but when i recieved the product it was totally different. The material 
Naturewood teakettle. Although it looks very nice, this item is a failure.I found it to rust inside after about a month.Once rusted, no matter how you clean it, it will 
Pet Paw Chime. In December 2002, I purchased the pet chime and paw &amp; two additional paws. I was extremely satisfied with them until the past couple of weeks. In 
Not worth the money - - look for something more solid. This product is a great idea, unfortunately the design is just really poor. Installation went pretty smooth, the problem 
Worked great--at first. We ve had this vacuum less than a year. This Bissell worked great for the first few weeks then the pedal that holds it upright broke. Then 
marvelous cookware set. I love the cookware set. 12 pans to do 12 different meals. They are very durable and holds up well to the heat  
Misleading... The picture shows pillow cases and another sheet but this only comes with 1 fitted sheet  
not worth the price. The Down from the comforter is coming out,causing lot of discomfort and allergy......  
Just pass this one on by... I admit that the cup sizes and the reservoir are great. But the coffee tastes like plastic. This is not good. I took this 
Zero Stars for a Complete Rip Off. This can opener is complete garbage.Other reviews have told the story about how this thing does not work. I tried it three times, 
Kind of tricky to use... I bought the shark with hopes that it would save my kitchen and bathroom from hard to reach grime and stains that wouldn t come 
poorly built. I bought this power mop for my daughter for Christmas, and it broke the first time she used it  
Poorly designed kitchen item. The silicone splatter screen itself is about twice as effective as a traditional splatter screen, but the removable handle is very unstable and does not stay 
not worth the money. Not only did this product have no effect on the manic barking of our own dogs, but the company also refused to provide a refund replacement 
Just an FYI - not a long lasting product. I bought this product for our home office. When I plugged it in - it popped and started smoking. Apparently the 
Food Crusher and Sprayer. Worst product ever...don t know how it passed through initial testing. When you turn the crank to dispense cereal, it crushes it and sprays it ALL 
needs frequent brew seal replacement. We have been enjoying a cup of Capuccino every single morning for at least 9 years. Our old model broke and needed to be replaced. 
A big dissapointment. If you re of Italian heritage and you grate a lot of cheese, don t waste your time with this one. When the quantity of cheese in 
Buyer beware... Amazon advertized three used and one new Dyson... What would you think? I thought I was purchasing a new Dyson from Amazon as seller. When it arrived it 
Arrived chipped broken. I, too, received this item with chipped corners, scratches, and broken pieces. Unfortunately, the cost & hassle of shipping it back is not worth it, so we 
I should have spent a bit more to get a better one!. Not too happy with this small pizza stone--before I ordered this one for a long time I had 
NOT Impressed!. I bought the med. and XL size beds for my 2 dogs. They both had about the same amount of stuffing making the medium bed nice and fluffy, 
It is not microwave safe. One of the plate I bought broken during a 50 seconds medium heat microwaving, so I doubt it is really good for microwave. When I 
A Piece of Junk. I purchased this device specifically to juice wheatgrass. First of all, the suction cup at the bottom is worthless and the clamp is clumsily engineered and 
save your money. My cats have showed no interest whatsoever in this toy. But I think if I remove the corrugated and ball I ll have a nice palette for 
don t waste your time. honestly, i tried to find something good to say about this vacumn cleaner. alas, i could not find a big enough positive that would offset 
If you re willing to pay this much, get a full-automatic machine. I checked out this machine at a local store. It s little more than a basic drip coffee 
Piece of JUNK with a neat name. This isn t even worth it if you can get it for half the cost!I recently bought the DC15 All Floors model for 
Not interested without addititves. I bought this product because of the great reviews, but my cat was totally uninterested in this toy. He loves other toys similar to this one, 
Aeroccino is an unreliable gadget. When Aeroccino works, it works great. It is quick and quiet, and produces excellent foam. Clean up is very easy. But, there is something inherently 
Doesn t fit. It needs to be further specified which models this fits. Not mine  
DON T BUY!. Doesn t work too well. Watch out for factory serviced reconditioned stuff  
Liner breaks easily 4 of 5 shattered within 12 month period. after owning a number of thermos and other insulated bottles, this is the best at maintaining temperature and the 
cheap. I thought I was getting a good deal and a good product at a cheap price, but instead I got what a paid for and nothing more. Cheap product 
USELESS...... I rate this negative five stars. I just purchased it, thinking, after reading all the reviews, that it was great. What a crock!!!! It s absolutely worthless. It DOES 
cat sitter 2 is for the birds... I bought Cat Sitter1 for my 3 cats, they enjoyed it so much I gave Cat Sitter 2 a go. What a disappointment!!They 
BEWARE. This unit can only dry HALF of what it can wash, which is not that much. It takes a total of 4 1 2 hours to do one load 
This product sucks. If I could enter a 0 for this product I would. The back of the matress pad is slippery and moves when you turn in bed. Also 
invisible splatter screen. I was told by the manufacturer that they could not send me this screen aad so have not received any splatter screen.  
BEWARE, TAKE CARE, DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM - NO!. I HAVE OWNED...6 ESPRESSO MACHINES THAT I CAN RECALL IN MY LIFE.1 GAGGIA, A HEAVY ITALIAN MACHINE WHICH I SHOULD 
Tropix 16 oz. Dolphin Tumblers-Set of 4 16 OUNCE-SET OF4 4 Piece Set. One of the tumblers was broken when received. Overall, they are as advertized, but smaller than expected 
Great pottery, ruined expectations by Macy s. We love Fiesta Ware pottery. This is a quality product made of tough clay with well matched durable glaze. Because of this and 
Not happy with silverwear marks . I bought a huge set of these, some from Amazon and some from Marshall Fields. Unfortunately, the plates and smaller dishes began to show 
Don t do it save your money. I was sent a pacific coast brand comforter filled with about three feathers in it.Don t waste your money you ll just end 
Whoa! Don t even think about it!. Buy the Office Fish Tank only if you want to end up sitting around at work and watching your dead fish float around 
I think it sucks!. The Design of this knife is HORRIBLE! Not all people are as careful as they want to and we know what we will get painful cut! 
SAVE YOUR MONEY !. STILL CAN T FIGURE OUT WHAT THIS SCISSOR CUTS ..............IT SURELY IS NOT POULTRY, OR MEAT OR FISH................I WILL HAVE TO TRY IT ON PAPER BUT 
Very dissapointed with this Power Mop. I was very disspointed in this product. It is much heavier than I thought. The scrubber head moves as described but doesn t remove 
Dangerous!. I purchased this toy for a friend s dog a while back. The dog loved it, he played with it non-stop quack! quack! . When he finally destroyed it 
Not The Best.... This is a neat food storage idea, but the quality of this product leaves alot to be desired. Although this was very easy to put together, it 
do not buy. I suggested better than this vacuum.1. Buy balloons. balloons are much cheaper than this vacuum.2. make round balloons on the carpet dust will be attached by balloon 
Weak Product and Wretched Customer Service. The problem with this product is two-fold. First, the washable center plate is fragile and can break easily. Second, the company s customer support 
Won t make thick froth so don t bother. I purchased this BonJour frother to replace my old AeroLatte frother. The difference between the two brands is startling! The BonJour 
I ve hated this can opener - twice!. My entire kitchen is Kitchenaid. I bought this can opener three years ago. It was awful...difficult to use, shredded the paper at 
Large Burner Failed. Large burner failed after about 12 months use. I opened it up the wire between the plug and the resistor had burned. Not only is it broken, 
Looking for a Waffle Iron? Don t stop here!. What happened to the research & devolpment team for the Cuisinart WAF-R Traditional Waffle Iron? They must be out eating waffles 
disappointing. I was so excited to receive such a beautiful pan for Xmas. However, if my experience today is representative of how this pan performs, I won t be using 
Don t waste your money. If you re cat is an indoor cat, yes this product will work well for you. But if your cats go outside like mine, FORGET 
Disappointed. I recieved this item in a timley manner.. I found that I believe that I have been shipped a used or returned item.. Unlike the other pan I recieved 
Square glass = dribble glass. I was served in square glasses at a friend s house and must say that they are visually beautiful. There is something about the square 
Defective. This feeder only worked 1 out of 3 times, and left our cat hungry for 2 whole weekends while we were away. After the first use, the feeding mechanism 
Don t Waste Your Time. We got this rice cooker as a Christmas gift. We ve tried cooking rice in it three times, and all three times the rice has 
Was too small to fit on my stove even!. This pan is Small.I have a gas range with heavy grates, and this pan was hard to get it to fit 
more made in China junk. After just a few months of occasional use the lever to lower the bread would not stay down. I see now that others have had 
Extremely poor quality, not really Le Creuset. This is another product that had the name brand, but not quality. First, it is not the normal cast iron Le Creuset products. 
Disappointed by what arrived... I was in the market for a dehydrator to make fruit leathers for my kids who are sensitive to red dye 40. This is an ingredient 
POOR QUALITY. I order d this vacuum after reading other reviews.One hour after placing my order I happened to find the identical vacuum @ a Target store and was extremely 
I love it because it produced a lot of moisture but it broke after 2 weeks. Shortly, i had no negative feelings about the work of this humidifier. The only 
Organize-Everything is a poor supplier for this product. I ordered about 10 of these boxes to place family photos in. I obviously could have continued to store them in the 
The most horrible experience ever, but a happy ending so far. We purchased the combo a year ago. We did it in spite of the mixed reviews on epinions.com, and 
DeLonghi customer service is AWFUL!. I purchased this toaster oven because I loved its exterior design and thought it would look great in my kitchen. It did... until the middle 
partly good. i really like the look of the toaster, and it does a nice job; on one side. the toasting elements on one side in each slot do not 
Simply Re-used Parts By VillaWare!!!!. The problem with this is that as it appears to me VillaWare has tried to cut corners by re-using all but the plates as it 
Bad Construction. Nice looking lamp but the adjustable arm on this lamp cannot hold the lamp s weight. Therefore it just bends over. What a piece of junk  
Microwave Safe? Only if it means it doesn t explode in there... I own the graphite style of this set. I was originally very happy with the purchase - the 
You need three arms... I returned this--absolutely unusable. Could not keep bottle engaged WHILE pulling down the two rather unforgiving arms  
Horrible suction.... I am SO disappointed with this vacuum! I will say, it does wonderfully for picking up all that dust and little bits of dirt that get into your 
Didn t receive item. I didn t get this order, did you credit my credit card if so email me with the conf. number and when the credit was given. 
Horrible. We ordered 4 of these to use for a small work function, and 2 of the 4 worked for about 15 minutes. The other 2 would not push the 
Very disappointing. I bought this for my husand as a gift and it is awful. It fell apart the first time we used it. It even caught his hand when 
A good idea in theory; cheap handle broke the deal for me. I was so excited about ordering this sad, I know! . I liked the idea that this vac 
Low coverage. We now have the 4.2 gallon humidifer, as well as the air softener, all Vornado, and this one is most disappointing. The construction is a bit flimsy, but 
poor value. Product is stapled together. Doesn t seem to be consistent with the quality of other Wusthof products  
SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!. I m not a big guy, so I was surprised that within a few weeks the pillow had already started to loose its shape. In the end 
Beware of Lacrosse Atomic Clocks - Bad DST Adjust. Many if not all of Lacrosse atomic analog clocks have received bad reviews on how the clocks do not adjust for 
What a mistake !. The lid drops in half the time you re trying to put it on. The first six meals or so smell bad spoiled as they are 
Worked for one week. It worked for one week and then part of the heating element went out. Thiscaused the egg on that side to spill over into the water. 
Does anyone make a 5-star oil mister?. Desperate for an oil mister a few months back, I checked around and found that no mister available anywhere on the Web for 
Haven t received it. I still haven t received the trivet, therefore can t use or review the casserole dis  
Save Your Money. I was sleepless and willing to try anything. I mounted this device on a pole facing the the neighbor s back porch, where he left his dog 
Mediocore light. I had high hopes for this nightlight after reading other reviews, but it isn t so hot. The light isn t very bright and quite diffused, and the 
Too firm. I had originally tried the Isotonic Ultra Contour pillow and wanted a cheaper version of that pillow so I decided to try this.The description certainly made it seem 
Poor quality. Like others here I bought the 5 piece set on the gold box deal. What junk. These are made in China knives that can be had for a 
Nice Frowntain : . I opted for the cheaper black fountain rather than the copper one. Same experience with the floating chimes getting stuck and the chimes are kinda loud. 
BEAUTIFUL!. The set is lovely and coordinates perfectly with my OCR china set. The box is also beautiful. I wish they d give you a diagram for placement of the 
Beware - DeLonghi does not support its products. As a long-time home espresso brewer, I was delighted to receive the EC140B as a holiday 2004 gift. It was a nice 
Does not Grind as promised ... The grinder is beautiful but the mechanics sure need some work ... I use a french press and according to the manual it should 
your coffee carafe would do a better job... this is a worthless item--it is truly thinner than my krups coffee carafe and the markings are harder to read than that 
Just Doesn t Work. Ordered this at my wife s request. She s tried cleaning silver earrings--run multiple cycles--added detergent as suggested. It just doesn t clean. An old toothbrush 
Dont wash. These are nice use&throw type blankets. Originally I purchased it for occassional guests. Now I can not after a single wash. Really bad quality! [...  
Hercules would have trouble with this. I had wanted a cordless can opener and received this as a gift. Sadly it did not live up to the reputation of Hamilton 
Makes no appreciable difference. I ve given up on this product after using it for several months in various rooms as it seems to make no appreciable difference in stopping 
went together poorly. This looked great, small enough for the space, still able to hold a lot of stuff. I was extremely disappointed in the way it went together. I 
Terrible!. Don t let the description on these plastic crate pans fool you. Years of use and durable These pans crack and break within weeks of use. The manufacturers have 
Worthless Juck. This product is a poorly designed piece of crap that is destined to fail from the first day you use it.A friend had purchased this item a few 
Vaccuum is Absolutely Horrible!. I bought the Dirt Devil a few months ago. I read the reviews on it and despite some bad ones, I decided to go for it. 
yes sharp edges. Be aware that this can opener cuts the lids off cans below the ridge creating 2 sharp edges...on the lid and on the can itself. Otherwise, it 
What are the colors made of?. As this is a consumable food product, I d like to know what each color is made of. ???????????  
Disappointing. Upon first removing it from the box I noticed that the set felt very fragile and it was. The cup broke from a very slight bump the first time 
Worst vacuum I ever owned. This vacuum looks great and promises a lot. But it doesn t deliver. The unit is heavy, stiff, and awkward to move around---this applies especially 
crap. I m not even sure how it works? Its not that convenient for everyday use. I really just wanted a sheath for 1 knife.  
It leaks!. I ve had a lot of problems using this, my sister has one and loves it! but for me, it leaks  
light weight. I found this set of flatware to be to light weight for my taste. Would be ok for a beach cabin or camping set  
Burrow Bed a Flop. We ordered this bed for our miniature dachshund. She was very interested in it but, every time she crawled in, it would tip over when she 
Good while they last but it has a short life span. We purchased our first Haier 1700 at Brandsmart for 137.00 three years ago along with an extended warranty. After 
Disappointed. There is one huge problem with these sheets -- they are not permanently pressed. There is no way to get out the wrinkles, other than by ironing them. Otherwise, 
Not a great product. I ve had this for about 3 months now, got it at Target. I ve found the design poor, the plastic gears are grinding themselves up. 
Deluxe dog trainer. I purchased this product because my dog likes to take off and play in the street. I am always outside w her so I decided to opt 
Still waiting for hardware. Ordered 1 chair 1 Loveseat and 2 ottoman. Recived in 4 seperate shipments at 4 different dates. Chair was first to arrive but did not have 
Don t buy. I have returned this item TWICE. Their tray is not pulling out, so you have to -suck- out the water from it. It doesn t hold all 
A quiter. I loved this juicer from the get go. I Used it almost daily for 2 months until it stopped on me.  
not what i hoped it would be. ok. maybe my hopes were a little high for this product to work. but, it ain t great.first, let me start off by 
Poor Performer. These are the worst pans I have ever used. They discolored after the first use. Be prepared to spend a lot of time with an SOS pad if 
extra light weight. I should have read the other review more closely. This is a good blanket for HOT summer nights! I believe it is too light for cold winter 
Pike Street Solid Flannel Queen. Nicw soft sheets but will wash away after not too many washings. One of the pillow cases is already coming unthreaded after just two washes 
Haven t a clue .. never got the product. I received a broken crockpit .... returned it for you to send me a new one, unbroken, and never received it. 
Enjoy it while it lasts. I bought this heater at Lowe s after returning another Delonghi model to Amazon. It s great for a bedroom because it is practically silent. 
If you have a PS2, or a DVD player, DON T buy this!. I was very excited when the box first arrived at our doorstep. My eight year old son 
LG should be ashamed. My wife bought this one from Best Buy without me reviewing it 1st. Amazingly, I would have bought it after reading the reviews here. I m 
rotates too slowly for my taste. I had forgotten you had to wind it up, but it works ok; I had just gotten spoiled when I visited my dad who 
Buyer Beware of this fountain. It was a nice idea and the large black bowl makes an attractive centerpiece but soothing, comforting it is not. In operation, the floating chimes 
Maybe it depends on the cat... I adopted a feral cat who was easily frightened and skittish all the time. I bought this spray and the diffuser and was very 
bad product!. Okay - there s something wrong with Brita filters. They don t always fit into the pitchers - when I tilt the pitcher I can hear the filter 
Broken after 3 times used. My mother bought me this for Xmas... Used it 3 times... Worked great...Then, no longer functioned at all. Called customer service... waited on hold for 
If you like burnt toast, this is for you. Personally, I don t like burnt toast and hate this toaster. I thought buying a Cuisinart toaster would insure a lasting 
If you order this item, prepare to wait more than a month!. I ordered this item and received several notices postponing its delivery. Eventually, I cancelled my order because more 
Spatula Blisters With Use. OXO has always been one of our favorite kitchen implement manufactures because of their high quality--NOT THIS PRODUCT. Incredibly, the first time this was used to 
Worked great, for 3 days. Bought this for my wife for Christmas. Very simple to use and made a great cup of coffee per my wife, I don t drink 
ice bucket review. Received this as a gift. It is real classy looking but very small. So ok, you have just a few friends over for drinks- evem then I 
No fleur-de-lis. These dishes are everything they say they are EXCEPT the embossed pattern does not in any way, shape, or form resemble a fleur-de-lis, but rather looks much like 
DO NOT BUY THIS COFFEE MAKER!. I gave this machine 1 star because the carafe does not drip -- and this is important! However, for a household that brews several 
Noisy. This filter does seem to work well, however, I am returning it due to the excessive noise that it makes. If you look at the other reviews for the 
No manual in the box, no manual on the website. I bought the HM630 yesterday. Today, the unit tells me the filter needs replaced. After one day! So I went 
This thing doesn t suck!. The one item in your house that you really wish would suck and it certainly doesn t! This thing blows more air than it sucks 
Great Machine but very delicate. This is an awesome machine and it looks hot in your kitchen. However, unless you plan on using it only sparingly, don t bother with 
Don t waste your money. This is an over-hyped piece of junk. It does not have much suction and does not hold but a thimbleful of debris  
Tools. These are great towels if you can get them. They are very soft and a great price but I ordered them in December and they came in one at 
Don t waste your money. I bought this product hoping it would solve my problem with my barking terrier. He didn t even notice it was there. I put it 
Not worth it. I have owned this unit for 2 years. The water seems OK and definitely better than from the tap. However, every 4 months or so we have 
Melted mess. No scent that I could tell, and totally melted down all over everything in less than three hours.  
Looking for a new vacuum...forget this one!. I bought this vacuum cleaner less than a year ago and it has been in the repair shop more than it has been 
Hamilton Beach Eclectric coffeemaker, apple. I didn t even use this coffemaker. The apple color was so ugly reminded me of the avocado in kitchens of the 50 s & 
Compact size, good storage, poor aesthetics and finish. Functionally, this product holds plenty of media in an easily accessible manner. It is not attractive to look at however. My walnut 
Very Disappointed. This product had adequate suction while it lasted which was about 4 months. One day it just stopped working, I can only assume that the motor died  
When a plus is a negative. My previous Back to Basics model expired in less than two months when the teeth engaging the blade simply stripped. The lightweight model pictured 
Truly Disappointed. I was really excited to try this cage out for my 6 lb male maltese. It is a perfect size and it seemed really well made. My dog 
absolutely uncomfortable. When I got these for my daughter, I was shocked at how rough they were. She really likes Thomas, so I kept them for a while. Yet now 
poor execution in design. Seemed like a good idea. however, the spring-loaded arm is too strong, so it actually squeezes the paper towel roll too hard, so i couldn t 
Fantastic concept, but... I pre-ordered this right after I saw it on I Want That Tech Toys and it finally arrived just after Christmas, after nearly five months of waiting. 
It leaks!!!!. The reason you should not buy this shaker is because it doesn t do what it should keep a tight seal .The cocktail shaker looks very nice, I 
wrong size. I was very disappointed when I saw this plate. It said salad plate. It is the size of a bread & butter plate. Not a salad plate which 
Don t buy this coffee pot. I got this coffee pot last Christmas and it worked great for about three months. Now it takes 45 min to brew 8 cups 
An Experiences User. I am a very experienced user of Innova. Innova is I guess you can say is the parent company of Ultrex which is a line of nonstick 
Ultrasonic Jewelry Cleaner a joke!. This thing does nothing! Aside from the fact that after using it, instructions are to polish it with a soft cloth, even then the jewelry 
Very cool but didn t last long. I bought this underwater lighting system with four laser beams and when i installed it one of the beams came defective and didn 
Not up to Oneida s usual standards. I just received mine and they look like Oneida seconds. The edges were poorly finished for Oneida, though no snags or obvious rough 
Find another blanket. I purchased this blanket for 30 from Amazon after reading the same reviews I see now. The negative comment about it being too light weight sounds fake 
toxic heat. I bought this in November, 2006 and wanted to use it in my bedroom while I kept the thermostat down in the rest of my apartment to save 
Dimensions are different. Beware...the dimensions of this item are not 12 inches as stated. It is actually 10 1 2 inches. I was told that the 12 inch plates are 
Deceptive advertising. Well, they do scratch. With a metal fork to turn eggs, they scratch.And though the company claims on their site not to contain Teflon of course not, Teflon 
fuzzy, yellow, and not cute. I bought this for my cavalier after watching the Petsmart commercial. I understand it is not the same toy, but it bears some resemblence. It 
Country Roses Bowl. I ordered this in September and still have no received it. It is now the middle of November  
outstanding product. I am extremely happy with this product. It works like a charm for making pancakes and they never ever stick. It s a superb design and I am 
very disappointed. This product looks much better in the picture than in person. The brush looks very full in the picture but actually very sparce in person. Bristles already started 
Do not buy!. I usually buy OXO products because their quality is excellent. This product misses the mark however. The workmanship was shoddy and it broke before it was even 
Ugh. I needed a good cheap flash light to read vin numbers. one of the worst 10 flashlights I ow  
shattered pot. I purchased a Krups thermal replacement pot for an electric coffee maker. About two weeks after I bought it, I made coffee one morning only to discover the 
It s better than them being in a tiny cup. I agree that this product is too small to be the best home for a Betta, but I think the 
Don t Bother. OK...this is quite possibly the most retarded device ever crafted. It barely picks up even simple dirt and debris, and when it does it fills the filter 
Tend Skin is PURE ALCOHOL. I called Dr. Rosen the president of Tend skin and asked him about his product. First off, he is not a nice person on the 
I received white too!!. I placed my first order for the red casserole in March. It was not slated to be delivered until May! But, I waited patiently for it. 
THEY RUST! Big disappointment... I have probably seen hundreds of tea kettles by now and still love the look of this one the best. Only problem is that they RUST!!! 
Only a masochist would ever buy a Shark!!!!. This product works well for me I have a very small one-level house but getting the HEPA filters that go with it 
Sheet set. Very unhappy with sheet set i hate them so much I wont even put them on bed Ill probably throw them awa  
Awful. As a Starbucks employee of almost 2 years at my college... I know how to brew espresso and properly make drinks. My roommates got this for me as a 
It Broke!!. I was so excited about this product. I love simple appliances and this one fit the bill. However the filters were impossible to find and the whole thing 
Not a good item. Item worked for 1 minute before breaking. Very difficult to get the correct grind. Definitely an item to keep away from. Am returning as defective  
Not one but TWO were defective. I had one that was great for a couple of months, then started blinking E and some error number. Got it replaced. Now after 
Good blades, poor handles. Based on the user reviews, I ordered these knives. The blades are, as advertised, sharp and well designed. The handles, however, are very thin and poorly 
It is not microwave safe. One of the plate I bought broken during a 50 seconds medium heat microwaving, so I doubt it is really good for microwave. When I 
Do not buy. King means stander size pillow, and expect it a week after what they quote. You only get One pillow not the set. Not worth it  
Ordered June 8.. Its July 10 Still havent received it. I ordered a Tailchaser for my cat before and I had no problems with getting my order but not with 
Save Your Money. I was sleepless and willing to try anything. I mounted this device on a pole facing the the neighbor s back porch, where he left his dog 
-. The fryer worked good for like a week. Then the inside started to peel apart.  
Don t waste your money on this. Owned it for about a year. The nonstick coating has already started chipping off ever since a couple of months old. It sticks 
waste the money. i bought this rice cooker last year it worked only for few months.the nonstick coating was gone within 4 to five months only.again i took out my 
laminate floor use. this product does not pick up dirt on laminate flooring at all which was not my impression when it was advertised  
Not worth it- Watch out for the rust. I bought the 13 block set about a month ago and now over half of the knives are rusting. Mind you, I 
Too small, and not safe!. Bettas need a tank with a heater, as they are a tropical fish. That means at least a 5 gallon tank, as it is difficult 
Great espresso, but not for long.... I really liked this machine -- the espresso was very good and the steamer heated quicky....until it broke less than two years after purchase. 
Sentina by Datexx. Don t waste your money on this junk. I bought six and within 6 months, three turned out to be defective. The manufacturer , Datexx, would not 
Almost really good... The shaker is very good about keeping your hands from feeling the temperature of the drink as well as nice styling-- that is until you wash it 
BIG difference between old and new!. The other reviewer is right about old Revere Ware; its great stuff that ll last forever. However, newer Revere Ware, like what s being 
They still haven t fixed it yet. I ve been watching this item for a while to buy for my wife. I saw the reviews about it stopping and basically 
Form over Function. I bought this blender based on the reviews here, as well as its great-looking design. When I got the blender, only one of those factors came through.First 
Didn t work. This thing never worked out of the box.. not worth trying to RMA it for the low cost of it, but dont recommend it.  
Cuisinart mixing bowls. As of today, 3 24 I have not received this product. Very disappointed with delivery  
Beware. This is not made in France -- most of the Le Creuset line is from a centuries-old factory in France; this pot is not. When I saw where it 
Unimpressive. One of the 1 4 rings snapped the first time I put it on my rolling pin.  
Bad design. I prefer my spoons to stand upright. Many of my spoons fall out of this one, I guess it depends on your shape of the spoon  
This is a piece of junk!!!!. Buyer beware I purchased this tv stand and when I got it home it was cracked and pieces were broken. I will never purchase 
NOT worth the price....Much better knives out there!. First of all, let me say, I m a loyal Amazon customer and do most of my online research for items on 
Cheap junk. I bought one of these can openers today. The mounting screws stripped out even before I got it completely mounted. The screws thread into soft metal tabs instead 
Buyer Beware. When I purchased this item there were 4 dishes shown on the picture. I ordered a quanity of 2, however when I received the items I received only 
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!!. WARNING - DO NOT BUY this waffle maker. I trusted the positive reviews posted here for it, and bought one. WHAT A MISTAKE! Even on 
Actually 0 stars -- pass this one up!. After a while you ll never get those &quot;rugged concentric grooves&quot; clean and you will be grossed out by your own cookwear. 
Terrible Product. After about a month, it started producing cool-mist that smelled funny, like something bad had rotted in the room. The filters are a nuisance. I think I m 
VERY DISAPOINTED. I ordered the 5 piece ble set on MARCH 18th and still haven t received this. I keep on getting an email that it is on back order 
Dyson disappointment. I got this item to control pet hair as I have 2 dogs that shed. It is ok, but not the performance I expected from dyson. I love 
Unraveled after First Washing : . I ordered the towel for a present for my husband and was extremely disappointed that the hem came unraveled after the towel s first 
No blade pizza cutter. I thought I was ordering a pizza cutter. When the order arrived I noticed it didn t have a blade, or maybe you call the wooden 
Disappointed. I purchased two of these and was very disappointed. I could tell no difference. I have 2 dogs and 2 cats and was hoping for a little help keeping 
worst new idea. I bought three of these mugs based on a recommendation by Mens Health Magazine. None of the mugs works correctly and the chrome ring on the cover 
BAD COFFEEMAKER. Coffeemaker just quit yesterday makes cold coffee now unable too use. got a three year warranty and lasted three months. Biggest waste of money yet. Now call customer 
Not a good investment :- . The product description was great and I was looking forward to a cosy and heavenly blanket :- To my dismay this product was nothing 
Not OXO quality. When I thought of OXO I though of great grips. Nice soft quality weighty feel. When I got this corkscrew I was shocked to find out that 
a waste of money. I had a Hoover Windtunnel Supreme bagged upright vacuum in 2000. It worked very well until sometime in 2003, when I replaced it. I have a 
Just as good as the price !. Pros:1. Cheap2. Looks PrettyCons:1. Polyester - Not good to sleep in. Buy this only if you want to use it for decorating a 
Didn t work at all. One of my cats peed on a pair of leather shoes. I soaked the shoes for a half hour figured what did I have to 
 Stainless Steel. Though this item may be a piece of junk, I just wanted to clarify something for everyone. Steel will always rust, even the stainless steels. However, it 
A Lesson Learned....... Being lost without a timer for everything!, I purchased this to replace one that jumped into the dishpan...... Having a clock and the ability to time three 
same problem. Bought two spoons and within 2 months both had split along the glue lines. The spoons were hand washed. Get spoons but I can t afford to replace 
Handles and temperature knob cracked and falling off!!. I only have used this about 8 times for just my husband and myself. I took it out yesterday and the temperature 
Nice design, poor materials. I purchased this coffee grinder in July of 2003. I love the design and the color matches our other teal accented kitchen items perfectly. It does 
So-so dry vac, not so great wet vac. We bought a well-reviewed carpet vacuum from Amazon last year, and absolutely love it. After that positive experience, we were looking for 
DeLonghi won t stand behind their workmanship!. Although their coffeemakers do an excellent job of making coffee, DeLonghi WILL USE ANY EXCUSE NOT TO HONOR THE WARRANTY IF ANYTHING GOES 
Black and Decker Power Mop---- not for me or any one but an athlete. had trouble finding out how to put it together--- then the motor started and would not 
Already broken. Seemed like a nice chair initially, however after 3 weeks of use it is now broken. Don t lean back. The plastic armrest which is also what attaches 
replacement filter does not perform like original. The original filter that came with the unit worked fine and it was easily able to humidify two large rooms. This replacement filter, 
Very Disappointing. I had never heard of Bamboo Cutting Boards and was impressed by the pictures and advertisements posted on Amazon.com. In addition, in person the wood grain and various 
These shears don t cut it. The first use wasn t too bad. It cut things well but the lock locks too easily, without something even touching it, so it 
Cheap garbage Not cheap price!!. Buyer beware!! Don t bother buying this. Terrible quality. If you bought one at a local dollar store you would be better off and a 
Does not work in extremely dry homes!. I bought this unit because the humidity in my apartment on extremely dry days and nights was 15-20 . The Air-O-Swiss 7135 was 
Very unsatisfied. Just bought this thing...filled it up once - worked great - had to fill it up again and it s so awkward to hold - it slipped and 
Cute, but dangerous... I received these as a wedding gift. Not, five of my tall glasses are broken, and two short glasses...none of which were from dropping them. One broke 
Didn t last long: BAD service. This was a fine machine until 2 months after the warranty ran out. Then I began to get a ERR 6 error. Cleared the 
Don t waste your money. I have a few brown spots on the bottom of my le creuset. I have never been able to get them off. I thought this 
Great while it lasts. This filter worked great for about a year. then cracks developed in the top of the filter and water started spurting all over the place. Now 
UNDERCABINET LITES. Not as expected. Does not give off enough lite to read cook books. Appears to be strictly decorative  
DOA. Sigh. Was so excited to receive this item and it arrived today via UPS in pieces. I should have heeded the previous reviewer s warning. Doh! Oh well. Live 
troublesome. The poaching cups are small. It took several tries to learn to make eggs that didn t spill over; sometimes I had egg white in strings all over the 
Expensive Pitter. This pitter is a nice looking stainless steel pitter. If you don t mind wasting your money, this pitter is for you. After pitting a pound of cherries, 
BEWARE. Sharp metal spikes inside the docks!. Firstly, this product is useless as is - the dock will not stay above water. You must silicone it to your tank for 
Overpriced. This pan fails to deliver. This pan is the black sheep of the All Clad line. It is made of solid stainless steel and is not an aluminum triply 
Bad supplier. I would not buy Sango products from Amazon if I were you. Their supplier is terrible. There is nothing wrong with Sango products, it is just that Amazon 
RUST on bottom appeared after first use!!!. I was disappointed by this toothbrush holder after putting it to use for just one day - any drops of water that run 
False Advertising. I received my order today and don t believe the product description. There s NO stainless-steel steamer basket included and the instruction manual states that this pressure cooker 
Door Opens - Clunky & Loud. I am not fond of this particular microwave because of the loud clunky sound of the door opening. Poor in my opinion. I can 
Can t get the order straight!!!!!!. They sent me a BLUE Hudson Jacquard Diamond Love Seat Slipcover 3 times. I gave up after the 3rd time. What really sux is 
review. coffee warmer only keeps coffee lukewarm. so i am still in the market for a coffee warmer  
Too small for a betta. Caring for fish in a very small bowl like this one is stressful both for the fish and the fishkeeper.In a small bowl like this, 
It shouldn t be marketed. All I wanted was to have an easy-to-use vacuum for my studio apartment. So I got this one for it s cheap and good for 
Poor sales. I ordered some replacement batteries and was told that they would be here last Wednesday. It is now thursday of the next week. I have emailed them and 
Duvet not as advertised - do not buy. The duvet is barely flannel - it is so thin I can t believe it was advertised as flannel. The sham is 
Does not work more than 1 foot away. I just got this from Amazon - working on returning there is no range between the PAW and doorbell chime. Even at 
Look nice, but... These dishes look very nice on your table, but they have many problems.After about a year, my plates started cracking, directly above the ridge on the bottom. 
Garbage. It broke after one month. It was fun while it lasted, but I would hesitate in purchasing this if I were you  
Received only half a hutch!. After reading countless poor reviews of the Dolce desk and hutch, I was quite skeptical about ordering it online. ... I gave in and ordered 
very tiny bowls. These are not at all what I was expecting. To me, these are tiny bowls -- they measure 5 1 4 inches across top. [...  
so small. This is so small it barely fits a quarter stick of butter. Rip of  
Repairs taking over 3 months. We bought this model Nov. of 2006. It quit in Feb 07, and Hoover doesn t have part available to repair it, says it could 
Made in CHINA!. It is NOT Made in USA . It is made in CHINA  
Dead out of the box. Never got it to work. All i get when I hit the on tare button is - - - - In the trash it goes 
I hate it. I really wanted to like this product. I love my cappucino and used to own an express maker like this that worked well. The Mukka Express never 
Littermaid Poor Quality. While this product cleans the litter box well when it works, the problem is we ve had two of these stop working in 2 months. Apparently the 
Ok quality. I bought this only because I wanted a pair of stainless shears. You do need your muscles, though. I am using it to remove the fins from fish. 
Not a durable surface. I purchased this fry pan in June of this year - and it is almost to a state where it is ready to be thrown away 
Not as great as I was hoping. I m not sure exactly what I was expecting, but I know this wasn t it. My dog can t play with it 
Mikasa missed on this one. This is an ugly vase. So ugly we are returning it the day we received it. It does not measure up to Mikasa standards at 
Great, if you like false alarms and being woken up in the middle of the night for nothing!. Garbage. We have 6 smoke alarms in our house. Two of them 
Not happy with this machine. Christmas morning and the slow, ongoing leak, which we worked around over the last year, finally gave way and voila! hot coffee and water and 
Savings lost on shipping. The price entices you and then you lose any savings on the outrageous shipping charges  
The price is right, but.... I bought this dish about 6 months ago and use it on a regular basis. However, when baking some fish at moderate oven temperature 375 
Cute, but poor quality. I have to start by saying that this is a review for the sheets only, not the whole set. But since no one else has yet 
Nice as a one season sheet set. I have to admit that I love this set. Especially since I found it hard to find white flannel sheets. Most have some 
Didn t work... my nextdoor neighbor s dog merely ignored it. Super Bark Free didn t work in the least to stop my nextdoor neighbor s dog s extremely irritating 
What was Hoover thinking? Messy!. The vacuum has great suction. However, suction is the only good quality about this vacuum.I purchased this vacuum at Sears and got a good discount 
Perhaps they mean Extreme Power as in rechargable battery. When I found this listing, I thought the Extreme Power Stick Vacuum meant the suction was powerful. I apparently was wrong. 
DO NOT BUY!!! RUSTED IN THE SECOND DISHWASHER WASH!!!. The pans look very nice and very durable-but they are NOT!!! SAVE YOUR MONEY DO NOT BUY THIS!!! I had to 
Dull after or during one use. I bought this and one of their wooden pizza peels. I thought it would be ergonomically advantageous, which it may be.But on the first 
they don t function. i hated these shakers. i got them as a gift and 1. they are too big and take up too much space and 2. the rubber 
Don t bother!. Horrible! Only two cutting wheels. Does not fit on bottles with an extra wide neck. Flimsy. I would guess that this will break in a month or 
not happy!. Bought one and did not work, returned for another and also did not worked.I called for assistance and tried and tried but ended returning it. I also bought 
Don t buy! Doesn t work well!. When we first bought it, it worked nicely and smoothly. Thought we do not need to buy another opener again. Boy were we 
Space Heater. The heater does not give off the heat I thought it would. You have to be sitting right next to it to really get any warmth from it. 
Poor quality control. Unfortunately, I should have paid attention to previous reviews when I placed my order for Plum Fiesta ware. Of the 11 items I ordered, 5 were defective 
Faulty. Hinky open shut mechanism. It takes persistence to get the latch to click correctly and open. If it weren t so heavy, I would ve returned it long ago 
overwhelming reputation, underwhelming performance. The machine produces an extremely wonderful cup of espresso. It s main and constantly irritating flaw is this turbo frother sleeve. It has too many pieces 
Too Big for Oven. This is a wonderful pizza pan...nonstick, durable, and sturdy. BUT it does not fit in my oven!! Unlike other 14 inch pizza pans, this one has 
Aesthetically pleasing, but too heavy. I must say I m a big fan of Calphalon. I own several pots and pans from both their tri-ply stainless steel and non-stick contemporary 
One can, not cans!. Why state cans, lids, and list two sizes when it is only one can  
2 1 2 Stars ~ Good concept, Poor excecution. Got this tea kettle for a gift recently. It s discontinued on Amazon but they sell it at Home Goods for 
broke first time using. Update:Just found out there is a 10 year warranty. They sent me a new one right away. I ll give it one more try.Old:It lasted about 
Lipper Beechwood Lazy Susan, 13 inch. The problem for me with this beautiful beechwood lazy susan was this: No edge around the perimeter to keep the various condiments, etc from 
Not one I would buy again. Mine only lasted about 3 months before the gears stripped. And I didn t use it much  
Sheds lint even after washing. I purchased a 4 towels, 4 washcloths and 2 handtowels as a gift for my brother. After the towels, etc. were washed several times they 
Felt like canvas. These sheets are very heavy and stiff - they feel a lot like canvas. Also, they do not fit deep pockets mattress at all. I returned min 
Was this a tease?. Perhaps with such an amazingly low price 30 it was bound to be too good to be true, but this item stayed on order for more 
Leaky Bugger. I love the concept of ironing this way, I just needed a machine that didn t leak out all of the water for steam all over the table 
do not buy. It does not melt chocolate effectively at all. This was a total waste of money.  
Don t waste your money!. Both of these broke...one after another the first time I tried to use them on a regular sized wine bottle. Buy the Zyliss ones instead 
kinda small.. Disclaimer #1: I love my All-Clad pots. Love love love.Disclaimer #2: I don t own this.But isn t three quarts kinda small to make Cassoulet?? When I make 
Server only. This item is for serving only, it will not keep the liquid hot or cold more than 30 mins  
Destroyed in 20 minutes. My Lab mix had the rope detached from the tennis ball material in less than 20 minutes. In the same time, she d broken some of 
Looks good Produces bad toast. This toaster looks good on your counter and is very sturdy. However, the toaster s raison d etre is to produce toast, and at least 
M from Connecticut. 5 stars for the looks and 0 stars for the noise that these sheets make. I couldn t sleep first week, and considered to ship it back, 
Not good for proper tempering. I bought this for chocolate as I have tempered chocolate before using a double boiler and this seemed easier. When melting it says it will 
review of flying squirrel. the thing did not work right from the beginning and now the tail fell off would not recommend it to anyon  
It STINKS. -It only heats the outer edge of the pan and not the center and this burns and dry s out the edges. Also the NON STICK FLAKES off 
Sticky wok. I bought the same wok from bed bath and beyond. After only 1-2 times, the non-sticky coat started peeling and eventually came off completely. Unless you plan to 
USELESS. Don t understand previous review. It was quick to heat up but only produced a very small amount of steam. You had to HOLD IT IN ONE SPOT for 
DONT BUY IT!. My cat hates it,,i think he is scare of it,,the first time he saw it he was curious like any cat would be but once it was 
Teeny tiny. Nowhere in the description of this product did it state that it was only six inches tall, and made three 4 oz cups. What a disappointment  
Too flimsy! Light also not that bright. Being somewhat of an insomniac I read well into the hours of the night and a book light is essential to me. I 
Save your money. This item is cheaply made and I sent it back. The picture looks cool but it s deceiving. The minute hand was so loose that when it 
Terrible to put together. Mine also had scratches upon delivery. But putting it together was a nightmare. I should say IS, because I am still trying to put it together! 
Nice desk...if it s not broken when you get it. Save yourself from disappointment...this desk doesn t ship well. When I got mine the front corners of the desktop were 
feedbackl on wine glasses. These glasses are VERY cheap. I sent everyone of them back. When i recived them 2 were broken. They are very thin  
Not as advertised.... I was very impressed with the infomercials on this product and was about to buy the set before I read a very detailed and thorough online review 
2 out of 2 - Kaput!!!. Absolutely love the design, am heartsick that my first unit and the replacement BOTH quit working after about 3-4 weeks.... local service NOT existent.... 
Works well, briefly... As far as whisks for non-stick surfaces go, the silicone-encased wires are very flexible--a far cry from the hard, thick plastic whisks with only a few wires. 
useless, falsely advertised junk. One of the worst products I ve ever purchased. The top isn t secure so that it leaks; so much for travel  
Didn t last very long. I had confidence in the brand as I ve had a number of Holmes humidifiers in the past, all lasting between three and six years 
Doesn t last. I use this every Sunday - the hinges broke after 5-6 uses. I will be buying the Waring Pro next  
Hard, inedible rice. I bought a few of these on Amazon thinking that it would be nice as gifts. I tried one at home first, since I hate breaking out 
Mediocre Tea Pot. This teapot is not the greatest. When pouring, it leaks and you end up with tea stains on your counter.  
Very poor quality, do not recommend. When I washed this flatware in my dishwasher some of the knives and forks seemed like they were rusting or the silver on the 
I m Steamed!. I have really enjoyed the quality of all of my other Cuisinart cookware. Unfortunately, this tea kettle does not belong in the otherwise excellent product line. The 
Misleading product. I should have taken more time to research this product. After opening the box tonight, I realized that what I got was NOT the fountain, it was just 
I wasn t happy with the quality. I didn t buy this for myself, it was a gift. Honestly I doubt I would have purchased it for myself because I 
Worst product I have ever purchased!!!. This was the worst product I have ever purchased. After two times using the skillet and once in the dishwasher, the nonstick coating already 
Doesn t work as promised. I followed the instructions, many times, but still can t get the cork pulled out of the wine bottle.The Oster wine opener cork-screw goes in 
WORST EVER. Heavy ball on bottom weighs down the curtain and the curtain comes right off the rod every time I m stepping out of the shower - pass on 
didn t last long. This stopper came apart when I tried to remove it during it s second use. When I first put the stopper in the bottle, it was 
Quit working after 11 months. I purchased the ORBI in April 2006 and two weeks ago, the teeth quit gripping the can rendering the product useless. Considering most good old-fashioned 
RUSTS....in less than a month of use... HOW CAN THIS BE STAINLESS STEEL????. Title is self explanatory, I m very busy to write reviews but I needed to make this 
Disappointed. I bought this fryer 3 months ago and was thrilled with it at first. It has all the features I was looking for-- in particular that it was fully 
didn t work. I thought this would be a great way to train my puppy to ring the chime when she had to go out. I was so excited to 
worthless Junk. This steam press didn t get through the first day of use in working order. I would definitely not waste my time or money ordering one  
Not the Bunnykins that I remember. I returned this item as it was not the Bunnykins Children s set that I expected. This set is no longer manufactured in England 
Not as advertised. We bought the scale for starting Weight watchers but it does not do weights in fractions i.e. 1 4 lb etc. Also it was not as pictured. 
DO NOT BUY FROM AMAZON. Consider yourself warned: DO NOT buy this set from Amazon! I ordered it on 5-28-2006 and Amazon has since then emailed me EVERY 10-20 days 
TERRIBLE!. These items worked for about 4 times each. The plastic insert on the top that the metal lever rocks on to seal or unseal the stopper broke on both 
Not Practical. I followed the directions to the letter and cured my new pan as instructed.It s a great idea, but it just doesn t work.The cornbread sticks to pan 
Total junk. Firs of all I rarely write negative reviews, but this deserves it. I bought one of these, and within a week it stopped working. While it was working 
poor quality bottle. The lower bowl part will last forever but the water tank lasts a month outside. Between the sun and cold air, the plastic get weak right away 
Avoid It If You Can. This comforter set is a big disappointment. It looks much better in photo than in real. The thread-count of the comforter is very low and 
Does NOT fit all 2 1 2 qt pans. Does not fit Calphalon Commercial Hard Anodized Collector s Edition 2 1 2-Quart Shallow Saucepan with Li  
flawed directions. As great as it looks, I can t get past the incomplete directions only printed outside of the box; no directions inside to get it installed on the 
A Piece of Junk!. The quality of construction is very poor. The sprayer only streamed the oil no matter how long I pumped. The rim around the bottom began to 
Worst Popcorn Popper Ever. I received this popper as a gift, and while it looks nice, it only pops of 30 percent of the kernels the rest just sit in 
Completely Disappointed!. Like many others I waited patiently for this item to be available. Once I started putting it together I was disappointed to realize the holes were drilled incorrectly 
Cannot review this item. The item ordered 7 19 2006 has not been received as of 8 19 2006  
Great taste but do not last... This product seems to only design to last max 1 year as it will start to leak like crazy. Luckily in Australia they offer 
Doesn t work for very long. I bought this coffee maker and after only using it 6-10 times over the course of 13 months, it stopped working. I called the 
ARRIVED BROKEN. THE SOUP CROCK ARRIVED BROKEN. HAD TO RETURN ON RECEIPT. HOPEFULLY THE ITEM WAS CREDITED AS WELL AS CHARGED.SHIRLEY ROBBINSPS GRANDDAUGHTER WAS DISAPPOINTED  
Did the job until the battery died!. For about 2 years with very light usage , this DustBuster worked well enough. Its not powerful, but for the price, it helped 
YEP&lt; Its the hinge!. Got two waffle makers for Christmas. the list you know Really liked this one because it looked nicer and the brand gave it the appearance of 
Way Too Big!. The picture of the item is deceiving as its taken from the side, so you can t see how enormous it really is. It takes up too 
Waste of Money & Time. Bought two for my sister s reception. I fought with these things all night! I used the belgian chocolate, added oil - to no avail. 
did not fit well. They were advertised as having deep pockets but found it almost impossible to get the bottom sheet on my queen size mattress-almost sprained a finger getting 
Disappointing item. I bought this item about 6 months ago. After 2 months the handle fell off. On phoning the company, they said plastic parts were only guaranteed for 1 
Anolon Shipped Damaged Skillet. First the good news. This is an extra heavy skillet with durable finish and good handles. It easily handles two quarts up to the bottoms of 
If you don t like Pepper, this mills for you... Very hard to get any actual pepper to come out of this thing. I just put some pepper on eggs 
Bad Idea. I got the filter for the humidifier I also just bought. Upon placing the filter in and turning the unit on, a strong odor filled the room. I 
nice idea. poor execution. There s supposed to be a little button on the front that locks the top and bottom portions of the box together. The plastic was molded 
I bought TWO!! Aughhh!!!. It looked like such a good idea on TV but that s the thing about TV. They didn t fit well on my stove at all 
Not so hot. Although it is effective as any similar heater, it has some annoying design features. The display only stays on for a few seconds after changing a setting. 
WRONG SIZE. This item is not nine inches wide. It is the same width as the seven stick cornstick pan, but costs ten dollars more. So you are paying ten 
 Hard Anodize gone after one use! BEWARE!. I bought this pot new and used it once to steam some fresh green beans. I was shocked that after using it 
sent it back. I didn t open the box, and I sent it back. The box said--not for synthetic corks. So many of my corks are synbthetic these days. I 
I Expected Better from This Company. The price was great and I was already familiar with the quality of this company s merchandise, having used some of their pots and 
Too loud. People cliam this fan is quiet, it s not quiet.I wanted a fan that will circulate the bedroom air during the night, it s too loud and keeps 
would not recommend to anyone. provided little to no heat, and I live in Mississippi. it wouldn t even take the December chill off. definitly not worth the price. i 
Can t believe the hype. I read the other reviews of this coffeemaker, plus many other, plus a list by someone named Neil I believe and even he recommended anything 
. kitchenAid 5 ply was not what I expected. Plus its all made in china.....GET THE ALL CLAD and spend the extra 100 on the 9 piece set  
No noticeable difference. I should have listened to my sister, the vet tech, instead of people who swear by this stuff. I see no noticeable improvement, but it was worth 
Bad product and bad service. my Holmes humidifer was broken no mist after 3 months. I did send it with a check of 7 more than 2 months ago, and 
Great price but poor quality. I was shocked how cheap this set was, but now I know why. The first set I got 4 of the glasses were already broken 
Im still cold!!. I agree, this heater ssssllloowwwly warms the room.I m still sitting here freezing my buns off!  
Very weak vacuum. This sealer does not use a piston pump like most other sealers use. It removes the air with a fan. There is air left in the bag, 
wrong size. suggested by Amazon after selecting the correct size - cheaper so purchased - had to return it since it didn t fit.  
Cheap, cheap, cheap. But it makes coffee. First the bad news -- the Amazon product description is misleading. Well, flat-out wrong, in fact. This coffeemaker doesn t come with a 
cork screw stinks. This does not work. The screw goes through the cork and into the bottle and does not pull the cork out of the bottle. I have had 
Don t waste your money. This was by far the worst coffee pot I have ever purchased. At first it made fabulous coffee. However, things just never worked correctly after 
Bada BAD!. I bought this for my cat a few months ago, because he just loves playing with a laser pointer. The whole concept of this toy was great but 
Overhyped product that doesn t deliver. I reviewed most of the juicers on ... and many other major sites and decided that the KitchenAid was the best product on the 
The convenience isn t convenient at all. Cuisinart s ad copy and product directions claim that the charger can be kept plugged into the wall so it s always ready 
Don t Buy. This sweeper worked fine for the first few times and then in the middle of a task, it wouldn t turn on. I contacted the company and 
JUNK. Twice I had to return this product to the retailer.the manufacturer placed a protective plastic tape on the front of the timer, which when removed leaves a dull film 
There Are Better Ones Out There. I have been using gold coffee filters for years for all my coffeemakers, however I was very disappointed with this one by Krups. I 
No way!. I purchased this vacuum based upon how it was rated by Consumer Reports. What a disappointment! It is supposed to work well on hard surfaces. It simply shoots 
Broke after 2 months... The espresso compressor broke after two months so we had to return the product. The former was hard to use, too, never warm up milk to 
Batteries don t last long enough. I used this light at my computer desk because I wanted something that would give off a soft light so I could still see 
OK, but already looking for a new hand vac. I bought this vacuum in 2005, mainly to keep the couches clean of dog hair. This vacuum works OK, but only 
Doesn t fit all Krups 10 cup coffee makers. I was very unhappy to find that when I put the filter in the filter basket I was unable to close 
works good enough but. Mine worked good enough for window cleaning until it stopped making steam after first on-and-off 30 min use  
wrong item delivered. My daughter needed this item for an event and the wrong item was delivered. By then we were under a time crunch so I talked to customer 
A little unhappy. Slightly above a toy but definately not a sewing machine for anything serious. I ended up hemming my sleeves by hand. Bobbin is loose. Doesn t pull 
Very disappointed!. I opened one of the packages and there was blood on the card that the sham was folded around. I promptly called Amazon and they replaced it. It 
Not what I expected... Not what I expected... I thought it did duo patterns of rosettes, but only does one. I can t not use other Rosette patterns with the 
Wireless Intercom. The unit did not recieve or transmit half the distance that was reported across a flat surface. 100ft. would be pushing it  
Broken from the start. Although the product description seemed promising, this product had an electrical problem from the start. As soon as I set it up and turned it on, 
Caution. I ordered this griddle and on the third use the teflon coating burned off onto my glasstop stove. I called faberware directly since I was out of my return 
Only sprays intermittently with my cocker spaniel 15 lb. . Sometimes it sprays when she barks, most of the time it doesn t. So I would say its effectiveness has 
Stay Away. Otherwise trustworthy Bionaire has produced a defective model. I ve been through two of them now, both with similar problems. They tend to shut off despite enough water 
Loses suction. While this vacuum is easy to use, it loses suction after only 6 months. Don t buy this to waste money.  
Cheap construction is a deal-breaker. I just finished unpacking my oven and plugging it in. I am so disappointed by the quality of construction that it s going right back 
I am returning this product. Initially, my dogs found the sound interesting and slowed down on barking, but after a couple of days they acted like they didn t even 
It doesn t suck; it blows. I bought this vacuum less than a year ago, and use it weekly or bi-weekly on a small two-bedroom apartment with cats. It was 
DONT BUY THESE. I just received the silverware, and was blown away by how flimsy they are. There is almost nothing to them, and they bend easily  
Didn t work for me, but your mileage may vary. I bought this device in the hope of eliminating or significantly reducing the noise emanating from my neighbor s mutt. 
Poorly made. I purchased these sheets for my daughter in law for Christmas. She washed them as directed and went to put them on her bed. Each corner on the 
Stupid Piece of Tin. This is the most useless tool ever! I got this last Christmas and it was in the garbage by Valentines day. It leaks, and gets rusty. 
Hate this coffeemaker. I ve had this coffeemaker for two weeks. I bought it because I had an old Mr. Coffee that worked fine, but was white and stained. I 
WARNING!!! WARNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I went to used my today. It was on the stove, I was canning some meat. When the time was up, I went over and shut off the 
Horrible stovetop cookware. I have several visions pieces. I only keep them because they are handy to use in the microwave; on the stove the only thing they are good 
Very poor product. I cannot believe what an ergonomically ill-fitting and horribly working product this is. The best thing I can say about it is that it looks pretty. Some 
Do not buy. if i could get my money back i would ask for it back, for this is the most useless Vaccum that i have ever gotten. it will 
Only lasted for 5 months. I had my first machine for 5 months - a gift from a friend. When it started to let steam out all over the place, 
Nice product but doesn t fit as advertised. I bought this double boiler specifically for my 2 1 2qt Calphalon Professional Saucepan thinking it would fit together nicely as it 
Dissapointed. I was kind of disappointed with the Black& Decker Power Mop, it is to bottom heavey to flip the scrubbing brush easily. You have to use two hands to 
Worst quality coffee maker ever!. Clock started losing time the first day. Great tasting coffee. No problem with the carafe. Unit stopped working all together after about 10 days. Returned 
Worthless trash. The item arrived fine and intact, but upon opening the box I found myself staring at what I can only assume is someone s sick and twisted joke. 
A piece of junk. I m astonished at the good reviews this appliance has accrued, the primary reason that I bought it. It s possible that mine was a dud 
Why?. Why would you use this item when any type of ball works? Tennis balls are my choice, and they can even be spritzed with some fragrance  
Poor Quality. The pitcher is made from poor quality materials. We have two pitchers and have never washed them in the dishwasher. In less than a year, both pitchers cracked 
Disappointment. I ve had two of these now, and they both had one serious flaw: the trumpeted brew and pause feature DOES NOT WORK. Pull the carafe out during brewing 
The Everything Sticks Griddle. I bought this griddle under the impression that it was non-stick - it is everything but that. I only cook with butter no sprays , but 
defective unit returned. I was very disappointed with this machine. My brand new X5 leaked water from the first day. Talked to the company s US service center don t 
Try before you buy. This is an expensive machine that locks you into an expensive proprietary cartridge system. There are competing systems which make just as good and hot a 
Six dishes turn to one!. I had the same problem as the first poster. By all appearances, this item is advertised as 6 souffle dishes. Heck, the item number ends 
Loud and obnoxious. After returning my first L equip because the blade assembly broke, my second blender showed up after a long wait. Like the first one, it is obnoxiously 
Form over functionality. Plastic internal pump cracked within a week. Soap leaks from top down sides in multiple streams. Looks great if you don t use it and keep it 
you get what you pay for. I was a little disappointed with the fountain.The water sound seems to come more from within but then it cost so little...I should have 
Poor Quality. For 600 tc, I expected alot more. Sheets started to pill after only a few days. Were not the soft quality that I thought they would be either. 
Maybe not for small dogs... My pug Ginger got this for xmas and the toy is cute but she can t get her mouth around the toy s belly because 
Was below-average for a while, then jammed. I received this blender for x-mas last year. It has some nice design features good heavy base to prevent tipping, measuring cup built 
rips at seams. bad buyin two days it started to come aparti am sooo disappointed,looks good but quality is poradvice-dont buy i  
no horse power. i got this because of it s size. so i could take it on trips being a guy i never pack things right so when i get 
Bad quality. I got the expensive one rather than the 14.99 Aroma cooker, thinking it will be better quality. Wrong. I only used it twice, not only the rice get 
Terrible Packaging!!!!. The item itself was lovely and of good quality, the problem was most definitely the poor packaging. The beautiful metal cradle that is included rattled around and dented 
Assault on the Environment!. This hamper is okay, but Amazon was very irresposible in how they shipped it. I ordered four, and all four shipped the same day from the 
Gift for daughters new apartment. After one washing of the pearl grey towels, they are ruined : They look as if they were washed with bleach. Terrible streaks running through 
Physics is against the pestle. As you can see in the picture, the pestle the part you hold in your hand has quite a wide bottom. Unfortunately, this spreads out 
Too Hot to Handle. The vacuum I received quickly overheated and became too hot to hold or handle. The suction was great and the size very convienent. But the heat 
poor quality. Poor quality of wood,poor quality of workmanship,evidently these foreign makers don t have any idea what sandpaper is. Very surprised Henckels would allow their name to be put 
Avoid this one. My mother-in-law bought this to make coffee for visitors. It worked fine at first but, after one or two months of use, started to experience water leaks 
Bad performer. Loses grip on can and the can slips off ...bad product. Do not buy  
It has its problems, very poor customer support. As others have mentioned, this product becomes too hot to touch so I just use potholders when handling it.My crock pot was 
Disappointing. Shortly after I got this product, the thermostat in the Max Heat option blew out. So, I can only use the Min Heat option only 2 options and it 
Item was defective and this was te second item received. Item was defective and this was te second item receive  
!!!!! BEFORE BUYING THIS - READ THIS !!!!!. I really should ve done some research before buying this.All of the reviews are 100 correct. There is considerable mold growing under 
Buyer Beware -- Controller Malfunction. I had the same problem as everyone else -- after less than a month this blanket is useless because of the malfunctioning controller. No way 
TERRIBLE!!. This is NOT a high-end luxury towel by Grand Patrician and is not ultra in ANY way. Even if they were firsts, they are second rate. Mine started to 
Martex Egyptian Wash Cloth. Very poor quality! The material is very thin and even after multiple washing, the fabric continues to bleed every time it s used  
OUR CHICKEN S TIME RAN OUT!. We ve had this timer for a couple years now, maybe a little longer. It s really cute. It does ring really loud. But 
What a piece of junk. I d have put no star if I could have.This thing is made from cheap plastic that s not sturdy enough to support a kitten, 
Not a good buy at any price!. When I first received this vaccum, it was great--the suction was wonderful and worked beautifully. That all ended about 3 months into owning 
Buy from someone else. I checked the ProFlowers site and it said I still had 3 days to order the flowers to ensure they got there before Christmas. It s 
Poor Quality. We bought this chair ottoman about six months ago. It looks quite nice but we find it pretty uncomfortable and the quality is fairly poor. The fabric doesn 
Terrible can opener. This is the worse can opener I have ever bought. It has failed four out of 6 times I have used it!! When it fails , it 
Don t buy it. I loved the design so decided to buy it, 4 yes 4 coffee makers later in one year, I have given up on getting another one. 
Poor Quality, highly overrated. I bought this blanket after reading the user and editor reviews.The quality of the blanket is far from what the reviewers have rated.First of all, the 
Anti-microbial feature is false. Item states an anti-microbial feature. However mold buildup ocurred in about 2 weeks. Thus have to replace every 2 weeks instead of the manufactured recommended of 
If only they would arrive in one piece!. These are really nice - substantial weight, classic design, functional. The white is a slightly blue-ish white - not at all creamy 
What a mess!. My steamer worked well for all of 5 mins. The pole went from upright to a 45 degree angle without hanging anything on it and would not 
slipcover. The slipcover barely covered my sofa, will not cover the lower front and it barely hangs over the backside. It keeps sliding off, where I have to adjust it 
Not a fan of plastic mugs, I guess. It fits in the cup holder and holds a lot. It s plastic inside and doesn t keep coffee or tea hot 
Not as described. Walnut Tradition Kitchen Scissors ASIN: B00005AM7R do not have Comfortable wood handles secured with triple-brass rivets , they have unattractive chocolate-brown plastic handles.The bottle opener and screw 
Rival crockpot piece of junk... Probably have bashed this product enough, but it is insulting to still see &quot;Sturdy lid and side handles for improved grip&quot; advertised. In no time 
Worst can opener I ve ever owned. This with a doubt one of the worst can openers I ve everowned!! I bought it because it is attractive and willaccept tall 
disappointed. I bought the timer for a lamp and a hotplate for shabbat. It worked well for the first 5 or 6 times, then it completely stopped working  
very missleading ad. I have purchased 3 I thought its feather bed pad something as the description but its end up to be only a cover so its just not 
Sheds lint even after washing. Please see my review of the Martex Egyptian Washcloths, Burgundy  
Same Burner Problem. We bought ours some time ago and have enjoyed it. However, the large burner does not work now. Based on the problems getting it serviced and the 
Nice set but awful linens and the duvet is too thin. Positive comment first - It was great to buy these sets and not have to individually purchase all items. 
good looking, poor quality. I bought this dish rack yesterday after weeks of researching for a stylish, big enough for my need dish rack, I was drawn to this one 
No Chocolate Twice. I ordered this item for our kids as a Christmas gift. When it arrived, there was no chocolate in the box. When I contacted Amazon to ask 
Not a true Wusthof! Sharpens into a butter knife!. I should have listened to the reviews! I just received it today and was very excited. But that ended after it 
Revereware, in name only, no quality. I returned them beacause they are nothing like the good old revereware made in the U.S.A.They are very thin and cheap.I do not recommend 
Very messy and sticks to inside. I bought this grinder after using a Braun for several years. Its not much quieter if at all and is so messy I m 
Hard to Open. This is a great shaker, the largest I could find, and it feels very good in your hand. The problem is that it is just about impossible 
Happened to me too. I got this pitcher about 5 months ago and sure enough I ran into the same leaking problems like everyone else. I should have checked up 
not so convinced about these filters. I have been using these filters for years. My first impression with them is that they are very expensive. My second impression is that 
Disappointing. I have a shep akita mix, but I bought this more for my coonhound, who will eat ANYTHING. Anything! Especially if it s made out of food. : I 
Leaked Everywhere and Froze Me to Death!. It arrived cracked and leaked all over my stand and soaked the carpet. Of course I was supposed to test it in the 
Poor product. This steamer performs very poorly. The wrinkles in my shirts just laughed when they saw it coming. Now it sits in my closet collecting wasting space  
Save your money. Very little to no suction on the dry side. Wet side had good suction but difficult to push forward making the task more difficult. Sprayer stopped working 
Not what I expected. I have been looking for one of these for a couple of weeks. For the price, I thought it would work great. First, It was the 
Good idea, poor engineering. This is a really cool concept, poorly executed. The clear sleeve slides up and down on an aluminum cylinder. The top of the cylinder is a 
It sucks but not in a good way. I have bought two dust busters in three years. They do work great for small things like lint and hair, etc. However 
You get your 15 worth. If you are looking for something with great sound quality or even great accuracy in measurment, this isn t for you. The radio is hard 
No value for money. Ordinary looking steel mug. It does not have a lid which defeats the purpose of having doube insulation. I did not find the quality of insulation 
Don t toss your knife & cutting board. This slicer seems easy enough and is easy to clean. Hard part is you have to press the blade over the food 
Exchanged immediately for stainless. After buying an aluminum I read about the leaching of the mayerial into the food and the health risks involved. I was advised to spend the 
Can get MUCH better elsewhere!. I bought these candles because I thought they would look nice on my end table near the couch. At first, they did look nice. However, 
Not here yet. I m sure it will get a 5 star if I ever get the item. I placed the order on 2 6 07  
The Leaking Fountain. This product worked well for about one full month before he started to not work anymore and the thing would leak onto the floor. I made sure 
Crunchy, Loud, No Head Support. I bought the four pack of these pillows and kept finding the pillows thrown in other rooms. My husband informed me that he hates the 
Bodum Travel Press. I owned the older version of Bodum s travel press and loved it, so thought I would get the one of the newer ones. I, too, have 
Mr. Coffee TP3-1 Replacement Iced Tea Pitcher. The heat from the original machine warped the plastic replacement pitcher during the first use. The pitcher is now unusable  
Don t waste your - like grinding a duck!. When I ordered this product, it had a 4 star average rating - how that happened is beyond me. Were a 
hurts my feet!. I thought this mat would be good for catching the litter my cat flings out of the box but really it just ended up catching some of 
Low setting went out. It worked well until the low setting went out. I had it a little over a year.  
a disappointment. We have used Krups products for years and been highly satisfied with them. This coffee maker has two problems. 1 Its spout is badly engineered. It is impossible 
Good design; poor performance. Very disappointing. This model is a nice little pepper mill: relatively easy to fill, easy to use, and reasonably priced. Unfortunately, performance leaves a lot to 
LEAKY. Had somewhat higher expectations, given that this was a Lennox. Got the shaker home. tried it out, IT LEAKS. No matter how hard you hold the darn thing together, 
Scratchy sheets. The sheets and comforter in this set are very scratchy and stiff and you can see right through the sheets. I would not recommend the set, very poor 
Furi TechEdge Pro Knife Sharpening System. 1. Expensive.2. Fatally flawed as of January 2007 The sharpener system works well for my knives BUT the method of attaching the rotating handle 
Wusthof. Wusthof is high quality stuff, but there is no lifetime guarantee and the handles aren t dishwasher safe. If I was going to chose a set, Cutco knives are 
Hamilton Beach Eclectric coffeemaker, apple. I didn t even use this coffemaker. The apple color was so ugly reminded me of the avocado in kitchens of the 50 s & 
Not worth the price. One reviewer mentioned that rust spots occurred. The same thing happened to us even though it just sits in our kitchen. Also, the foot pedal broke 
Very disappointed. I ordered this table based on the reviews I read and boy I will never do that again. This table is such poor quality and is NOT worth 
NOT water proof!!!. Although this item is advertized as waterproof , it is not! It stopped working the moment my dog went into the water. Otherwise worked fine. The DOGTRA 
Horrible!. Ordered this item as a gift for my daughter..arrived quickly and did not appear broken or used but would not work at all..appliance would not activate.. very disappointing...probably why 
Not Scientific, and Not Positive. The Gentle Leader is advertised as a scientifically designed, positive training device. It s neither. So before you buy into the hype and purchase an 
Pitcher Leaks after Minimal Use. We had this less than 10 months and used only two of three Ultimate filters we purchased separately, that s how little use this pitcher 
Arrived broken, looks cheap. This item arrived broken -- not surprising, since the bars appear to have been attached with a hot glue gun. Not recommended  
Looks nice, but spring-loaded arm is useless... While this is an attractive looking paper-towel holder, it isn t very functional. At first glance, it looks like it should work as 
I really wanted to love this!. I bought this at a store, and thought it was such a great deal. And it was, until I lit the candles. The candles 
Looks Nice...Breaks Easily. Being a huge fan of KitchenAid products, I was happy to see this item at Target. When I took it out of the bag at home, I 
Fun Toy. This was a great toy. I would drive it around the fish tank, pretty easy to control and lasted 5-10 minutes on a charge.Unfortunately something happened with my 
Too Small. I have no idea where they came up with 3 cups on this because it will only take about 8 oz. of water. They must mean demi-tasse cups. 
Not as wonderful as I thought it would be. I purchased this product and much to my amazement, the dual controls are installed backwards!The control with the service label information 
Good idea but... An attractive, well priced and bright idea, however we are returning this item. It is too tall to fit in the space between my counter top and 
Broke after about ten uses. The first couple of times I used this cheese slicer, the wire stretched out, making the slices thicker than they re supposed to be. Today 
Toasts unevenly. This appliance has several good features, but they are outweighted by the fact that it does not produce a decent piece of toast. At the lowest setting one 
ok wok, not big of a deal. Order the wok and got it damaged off-shaped . The packaging is horrible. Basiclly they put the bare wok in the box filled 
Relevant information missing. I own a ceramic smooth top stove. No where it the advertisement did it indicate that the Aebleskiver pan could not be used on the ceramicsurface. Being 
This opener is a piece of junk. Don t buy it is about all I have got to say for this piece of junk. if there had been one minus 
Don t bother. The bowls are too small, the mugs are too big and the tops are a waste of time. Save your money  
Poor Quality. Spend a few extra bucks on somehting that will last longer than 10 min. Within 10 min of putting it together my friend average size was sitting on 
Zelco Real Wall Clock. Clock is smaller than I thought, and is only intended to take up about a square foot of wall. Made of cheap materials, definitely not worth 
THIS SWEEPER IS AWFUL ! not my first Bissell either . Only good thing is it s light weight as I am in a wheelchair. I was attracted to it 
Cooker just died!. At first the cooker was great and I was excited with it. Then one day, just before one year of use, it just died. No power, nothing.Useless 
going back to my george foreman. We registered for this to replace our old George Foreman grill and I thought it would be nice to be able to take out 
Wouldn t Recommend. I purchased this set of spoons because they are narrow and can fit into any number of spice jars. I also wanted them because they are hinged 
6 weeks!. After 6 weeks of waiting, customer service said it was going to be another 3 weeks! Forget it! Cancelled order  
Worked great for one day. I loved it until it broke after using it for a day. Now when I turn it on the sound will not turn off. If 
Low quality and noisy- I don t know if they help allergy sufferers. I have not yet washed these, and maybe my opinion will change with washing. After just opening 
Nice Look, Horrible Performance. I was originally looking for the Bosch Turbo Jet vac but found out that Bosch is no longer making the Turbo Jet under their name but 
Great Machine- NO Support Its the service after the sale that counts. I confess, I like Starbucks. I like to have my cappuccino made for me. I also like to 
Small and fragile. I bought this item brand new and in hot pink colored caught my eye . Flashy, small & cool looking! However, it contains 1 LED light which 
Not Scientific, and Not Positive. The Gentle Leader is advertised as a scientifically designed, positive training device. It s neither. So before you buy into the hype and purchase an 
Its fun and all......BUT...... I am a recently instant step-dad to a 6 y o rottweiler and thought I d get her some fun new toys. This Nobbly Wobbly looked 
Very Disappointed!. My mug arrived with several areas of glaze chipped off. I m not about to send it back though because of the shipping charges. I d be paying 
Nice, but not as advertised... Like the other reviewer, I ordered these and was disappointed to find they are not 18 10. Nice looking set, but not the quality I 
Oxo finally messes up. I ve bought a number of Oxo kitchen accessories, and found them to be sturdy, remarkably well designed, and easy to use.Unfortunately, this timer is an 
broken. This was a wedding gift a little over a year ago. With one time daily use the basket is broken It had been limping along for 6 months and 
Poorly Functioning Grinder. I ve owned this grinder for more than 2 years. I found myself use it less and less. The reasons being: 1]. It doesn t grind beans 
They arrive broken!. I love the dishes. I ordered 3 sets 12 square plates, 3 sets 12 round salad plates, 1 set footed round bowls 4 , 2 sets rimmed 
Nice idea, but... I have to agree with the previous reviews that this dispensses honey way too slowly. Additionally, it is much too difficult to fill without making a mess, 
Didn t last long. No problem with the shams or bed skirt and I loved the color, but the feathers in the comforter started coming out very quickly. It really 
Why did they sell this garbage. Ok i have a couple of these tongs sitting in a box and trust me that is where they belong.They are hard to use 
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. the pin is not properly secured to the body of the pitter. after a few uses it will pop off. i ve gone through three 
Read carefully!!!. This is very misleading. this item is only half of the package. after its delivered you will find that you must also order more parts to make it 
Tall heap of c p. This fan is made of the shodiest pieces of junk. Cheap badly painted plastic just waiting to break. It looks really junky. Even the romote 
place settings. While the examples of place settings are lovely, they are not for me - interested in &quot;busier&quot; patterns. country-type patterns Thank  
Broke after 9 months. After 9 months of reasonably good service, the entire faucet apparatus started leaking and becamse unusable. The leaking water came out of the plastic seams on 
Rancilio died after 5 Months. this machined worked well. It was quick, until todayWe tried to use our Rancilio Espresso Machine this morning and it would not heat. I am 
Ditto Disappointed . I suppose it s my own fault, but I too am disappointed to find that this item is not as versatile as I had thought. It s 
Bad quality. Too bad that I didn t read the review of this product before I bought. The size is smaller than described and it s not handmade. will not 
useless. This cutting board falls into the sink very easily, making it only suitable as a decorator item. I am very disappointed with it. I much prefer an over-the-sink cutting 
hate it. i got this fryer only yesterday i fryed some chicken wings and french fries the fries came out with so much oil and cooked for 10 min for 
Not as wonderful as I thought it would be. I purchased this product and much to my amazement, the dual controls are installed backwards!The control with the service label information 
total JUNK. THESE RINGS ARE MUCH TOO BIG AND TOO LIGHTLY MADE FOR EGG MUFFINS AND THE EGGS SPILL OUT THE BOTTOM OF THE RINGS. TOTAL JUNK. DON T WASTE 
Zipper will not stay zipped. The zipper on these bags will not stay zipped, therefore the air will not stay out of the bag and the bag will not stay 
Bought it, tried it, returned it. One might imagine that the whole concept of vacuuming-flip-mopping is progressive in some way, but it really does not make the job of cleaning 
Disappointing. First of all, I ve searched for months for black furniture and found there to be little to choose from. So I bought this table in white, and spray 
Worse waste of money!!!!!!!!!!!. I thought it would be so cool not to be cleaning my grinds up everyday. Boy was I wrong, This is the worse mess, to clean-upI 
not happy. The LCD display do not work right line are missing from the display.  
Buy several flashlights and leave them where you need them!. This looks like a good idea from Westinghouse, but if you read the warranty details, the krypton bulb is not 
Lost order. It took almost a month the actually get what I ordered. I was charged for them the day after I bought them and heard nothing from the company 
Wonderful Waffles But Quit Working on The Second Use. We were able to use our waffle maker twice and it produced some of the most amazing waffles ever. On our 
GREAT LITTLE ITEM. GOT THIS FOR CHRISTMAS AND IT WORKS GREAT.I DID ALL MY SHIRTS MUCH QUICKER THEN USING AN IRON.THE STEAM ONLY WORKS WHEN STEAM LITE IS ON.A TIP 
3 Honeywells, 3 very disappointing exeriences. Enough is enough. I bought this heater and it failed within two weeks. When it fails, the light will come on but neither the 
Poor design. I assumed because this is Cuisinart that this would be a great product and worth the 50.00. It has turned out to be a total waste of money.The 
Switchblade Steak Knives?????. Never would have bought them if I d realized they looked like switchblade knives. Poor choice on my part...  
Are u a deep sleeper?. O.k. I bought this type of product in the past but it was a COTTON material - it works perfect. I tried to save a 
Against a wall. This piece definitely isn t what I had hoped for. However, it was easy to put together, and it is sturdy. You pretty much have to have 
Buyer Beware. I ordered the Flying Bird Cat Toy. The color combination they sent me was unbelievably hideous: Purple base and pale pink and pistachio green bird! Their delayed response 
furminator the more efficient tool. i got this for my cat ocicat breed . he s a short-haired cat that doesn t generally need much grooming except when the season 
Do not buy this!. This coffeemaker does not keep coffee hot and fresh for hours as the user booklet says, even if you first fill the carafe with hot water 
Disappointed. I had a bad impression of this item. The handle broke off in my hand; the machine did not charge well...eventually didn t work at all.The experience turned me 
Wearever Anodized 10-inch covered skillet. While the pan handle stays cool, the lid handle heats up with the pan. You need a pot holder to use the cover. I didn 
Cheap junk!. One of the wheels fell apart the first week we had it and it does not move in our house so I know we werent too rough with 
Does NOT work - DO NOT BUY IT. It is hard to believe - but IT DOES NOT OPEN CANS. Seriously. Christmas morning with food preps well underway we discovered 
Piece of garbage. Third time I used it, the rubber knobs on the blade drive coupling broke off.  
Broke before I ever used it. The legs were a bit tricky to put down, and when I did, I busted the mounts. Never even used this thing & threw 
Bad toaster. This toaster lasted for about 8 months before it started to burn toast on one side, even at low settings. We are very disappointed with this purchase  
non rolling roll top. The bread box is very nice looking but the roll top will not open. I had to return this item because it was useless  
Bad product. This is a poor product. It never manages to really get the air out of a bottle of wine which you can tell because there is no real 
Royal Albert Rose Cameo Collectible Teacup, Green. This teacup has a beautiful design, but I was very disappointed when I received it. The cup and saucer were much thicker than 
What a piece of crap. This is the worst pan I have ever had. We love mini muffins and have had Wilton and other pans. They are hard to clean 
Terrible. This product wasn t delivered to me for at least 2 1 2 weeks. After one review, the customer service rep from Allergy Be Gone emailed me bribing me 
water still tasted like chlorine ... started to drip. I wanted to buy something that would remove the taste of chlorine from the kitchen faucet but even with the Brita 
Lack of quality control= No Buy. I bought this as my second fryer. The third time I used this fryer, the oil went up and came out of the fryer 
disappointment. While I still Love the pattern and the color was just what I d hoped, I received two sets of these dishes and both had air bubbles in the 
It broke on the 19th day of use. We got this for our new baby. We loved it until tonight... it just up and died and I ve only had 
VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED... We bought four sets of the Victoria Collection 600 thread count queen size. The fitted sheets do not fit on our queen bed. It seems like that 
Don t waste your money. Bought for my wife and it is usless. Short battery life and poor suction. A total waste of money  
Home owner. I was expecting a big fluffy fill and warm comforter. This is not the case with what I got. I will go ahead and keep it to use 
Item is Not as Described!. I ordered two of these pans. One for myself and one for my sister. We DID NOT RECEIVE A STAINLESS PAN! We received an aluminum 
Do a test run. I bought this machine and a Dyson the same day. This one I bought for our lower level family room. After assembly I found it was 
Find another blanket. I purchased this blanket for 30 from Amazon after reading the same reviews I see now. The negative comment about it being too light weight sounds fake 
very poor quality. I have used Wamsutta for years and have always been pleased with their quality and softness. But I sincerely regret having bought these sheets. I purchased one 
Not as good as I expected. We bought this rice cooker because of the reputable brand name. We have been using it for about 4 months now. It cooks good 
Very Disappointed. I was all excited that I could put any solution i want in it and that it had a scrubber, but when i got it. It was so 
Dangerous Product. I ve had two Hamilton Beach products. The first was Brew Master, which we wanted because the coffee is dispensed through a coffee carafe at the top of 
Cheap. The plastic lip broke in several places while I was getting out of the bubble wrap. I tried to salvage it, but the cardboard inside was so cheap I 
Are these defective products?. I have a few pieces of the Wilton Armetale Reggae line, which I purchased from a department store and which I enjoy. So I purchased two 
It s Junk. I had this toaster for under 3 years when I came home one day and it smoked and died. I have to agree that it didn t 
Too small for a betta. Caring for fish in a very small bowl like this one is stressful both for the fish and the fishkeeper.In a small bowl like this, 
Overpriced Garbage!. I find it more than a bit ridiculous that Pur charges 40 dollars for their product and 20 - 25 dollars for their replacement filters. I have owned 
Rice sticks. The pan doesn t have a non-stick coating so the rice sticks go figure . Not a bad brand from what I hear - I just prefer a 
False Alarm Problem. I have had serious problems with false nuisance smoke alarms with this product  
Very hard. The pillow is very bulky and very hard... It makes it too difficult to get a good night s sleep... I tried it for just one night and 
Annoying inconsistency. Th product features and editorial review spell Germany as the origin of manufacture. But the one I got was made in China  
Look elsewhere if you plan to make fries. I found the following issues which put this purchase into the local landfill:1. Once you get a successful potatoe to cut through, 
Don t bother!. Don t waste your time. I bought these for a birthday gift for my mother because they matched her bathroom perfectly. Believe it or not, her bday 
U-SCRUB. I WOULD RATE THIS ITEM -0- STAR BUT IT IS NOT AN OPTION.THERE ARE TOO MANY STYLES MODELS. IT IS VERY CONFUSING. CHECK ITEM SPECIFICS CAREFULLY TO AVOID GETTING 
Filtration System Problem. The power filtration system motor burns out in about 1 year. Eclipse does not sell the system as a separate accessory so you can t replace the 
Nice idea, but disappointing!!. I received this model as a gift and thought it would be great since we only brew a few cups at a time. However, as other 
Not for hardwood floors!. I bought this vacuum and it was fine on carpet though a bit noisy. It was awful on hardwood floors - it blew the dust everywhere. 
Split in 6 weeks. This cutting board developed a split only 6 weeks after I got it. It has had proper care and minimal use. Don t buy it. Shipping 
Not worth even a penny - TORTILLA REMAINS UNCOOKED IN THE INSIDE. I read the review for this product on Amazon. Lindsey who is one of the 2 reviewers of 
You get what you pay for!. I bought this item because it seemed to be the right size for my family and the price was right. As I ve been 
Supplemental Use Only. I use this vacuum to supplement my Dyson as I have 2 dogs, 2 cats, and 2 children. It works well on wood floors and even my 
Innova Dutch Oven. Have purchased the 5 QT version of this Dutch Oven. During the second use of it, the bottom layer developed a bubble, separated from there, making this 
Bad fit. The tin is too small for the box and moves around leaving scratches on the corners. The supplier was great great but the product is cheap. Also, it 
Upright Spoon Rest. It is really not practical, especially when you are cooking on all four burners of your stove since there is only one small hole to put your 
Bad Quality. This is really shoddy. One rod broke after the drying being used less than one month. Bad Quality  
Not as cool as I hoped. I really wanted this cereal dispenser to ease the morning rush. Unfortunetly it is just messy,annoying and takes up counter space. When you turn 
smelly. We bought it and returned it because of the caustic odor. Tried to clean it but the inside smelled strong. It would be a good ottoman if you had 
not worth the price. The Down from the comforter is coming out,causing lot of discomfort and allergy......  
Extremely disappointed. Wish I could give it zero stars. I bought both the paperback size and the one for hardcovers. Haven t opened the hardcover one yet and don t 
False photo. The photo shows a whole box of jars, but they re only selling one. Don t be fooled by these jokers.  
Better timers are available. Best thing about the Timex timer is that it will accept a grounded 3-prong plug. But it is not very precise unless - half an hour 
forget it!!. This item is not good and does not deliver what it promises. It has no power and could not suck the air out of the bags. I was 
Safey issues for little fingers!. The stool is great as far as it s ability to function. It is quite thin which makes it easy to store. It does have 
The plates would have been nice IF THEY WEREN T BROKEN!. DO NOT BUY PLATES FROM AMAZON! Don t get me wrong, I love Amazon and have had no other 
Know your colors. These covers are not even close to being red. The are wine or burgundy in color  
Not even remotely as posh as the picture. The picture makes the exterior look like it is suede-esk, but it s actually a cheap thin mixture between fabric and plastic. 
Not the regular commercial nonstick. I bought this recently for gifting. Came in white box. So using it myself.It doesn t have the quality of commercial nonstick that I am 
Good Grip - Too Short on Business End. I ve broken a few corks with this tool, as the worm doesn t reach the bottom of some corks. Other foil 
too small, rusts. I actively dislike this dishrack. As noted, plates and bowls slide out because of open sides, it s too small for anything but VERY casual use don 
Too delicate for regular use. I actually bought one of these in the store and was browsing Amazon for a replacement. The fact that most of the ones in the 
DO NOT BUY DELONGHI. If you want to make 30 cups of espresso then go ahead and buy this. It makes OK coffee. If you want more than this though 
not heavy weight at all. I was disappointed in this towel set advertised as heavyweight. It looked to be WalMart type quality. I would have been better off buyingfrom Linens 
Crumbled to bits on third apple. The third time I used this slicer on an Apple, it broke apart, giving me the opportunity to see that it s construction is 
Beware of Mold!. I just threw this item away after finding the filter clogged with hairy, dirty, black and green mold again! I changed the little bulb that is supposed 
I feel let down!. I really trust the reviews I read before purchasing an item! This one was a letdown!!The sheets were soft at first. I washed them before putting 
Unsatisfied. There are helpful recipes on the bottle, however the stopper is not secure. I do not feel safe storing fresh made salad dressing in my refridgerator in this bottle 
Tree Spirit Salt & Herb Box w Lid. The wood is very dry, even after applying oil treatment it was rough on the hands. Also the magnet that keeps the 
not working. When i first got this item i loved it I used it 4 times and it stopped working  
Bad DeLonghi Experience. We purchased a DeLonghi toaster oven and both the toaster and oven functions stopped working right after the one year warranty expired. We barely used this product. 
Tiny and Bursts Into Flames ! . 3 cups? I don t know where this teeny thing would equal that- not even 3 demitasse espresso cups.Amazon really should make the 
The Crazy Dog Bumble Ball is not so Crazy after all. I couldn t wait to get the ball, having an extremely active Boston Terrior. The package arrived, opened it, 
?. ordered this as a xmas gift on 12 13 it is now 1 18 and still hasn t arrived.  
Didn t hold up. I got this blender with high hopes of really having something with staying power. I got it about a year ago and it is already headed 
The quality is lacking. These are not what you d expect from Wusthof. The Wusthof symbol on the handle is a STICKER !!! which bleaches out after washing. Also, after 
VERY DISAPPOINTING, BURNT EVERYTHING!!!!. All these reviews are right on the MONEY!! IT GETS TOOOO HOT!! I bought this crock-pot to replace my old Rival crock-pot that is the same 
Cheaply Made. I tried this knife at Sur La Table at the Furi demo. They appeared to be very sharp. However I did not like these knives for the following 
Use a knife!. This is just junk. I purchaced this on sale, thinking that Kitchenaid was synonymous with Quality. Not this time. It balks as soon as a potato was 
What a terrible unit. I have had this unit for almost a year. The dryer first started to leak water during the dry cycle, and eventually stopped working all together. 
Too Expensive. All the bad reviews are right on. We may have to use this and put up the cash because i havnt found anything else, but the filters only 
Takes space away - doesn t create it!. How does it create space? If you have a cabinet that is 12 inches high, 15 inches deep and 14 inches wide, 
Why No Free Shipping?. This product is not eligible for free shipping, yet it ships from the Amazon warehouse along with the humidifier that IS eligible for free shipping  
broken on arrival!. I ordered this from Amazon and received it in about 2 days. Unfortunately the foot pedal is broken, so I have to return it. My other DeLonghi 
Do not order from this company. I have tried to order twice from this company. The first time I waited over eight months and cancelled the order. I accidently ordered 
Same problem. I bought it from another store, turned it on to toast it did nothing. Changed setting to bake and soon after it started to smoke. I smell a 
Shipped item does NOT match description. This item is not shipped as depicted in the pciture described in the description.Spin Duster: This item does NOT ship with a spin duster. 
NordicWare 10 Inch Micro Go Round. Microwave turntable did not work properly from the time it was received - it would cease turning after less than a single revolution after 
spice rack. I bought it some time ago for much less, also from Amazon. It is not worth 24.00. May be 6.9  
OVER HYPED. ACTUALLY I WOULD NOT RATE THIS ITEM WITH ANY STARS.INSTRUCTIONS WERE CONFUSING AND IT WAS MORE TROUBLE THAN IT WAS WORTH. AN ORDINARY SHARP KNIFE LEFT THIS ITEM 
NOT WHAT I EXPECTED. The Service from Amason and follow up was 5 stars but the product it self is not as good as I hope  
Stck with teflon. Things stick to it, no matter what you use. Go with teflon  
Seal Leaves A Lot to Be Desired. I bought these because they matched my dishes. I really wish I d kept my old ones, even though they were black. The 
Shorted out on first use... I don t know who else bought this but I can t imagine what would have happened had we waited to actually get INTO the 
Forget the Rabbit, buy Le Creuset. I bought a plain rabbit a couple of years ago, and though i liked it, it did, at times, take a lot of strength 
Beware!. Before you order, you need to know these are plastic plates. They are NOT stoneware or quality plates. I did not see any references in the description of the 
Do not buy more than one from Home & Beyond!. Buyer Beware! If you are purchasing more than one of these at a time, do not buy from Home & 
dual means two . The bed warmer was described as dual controlled. It comes with only one control. The entire bed has to be at the same temperature. The reason 
Defective On Arrival. I hate to rate something so low, but my experience warrants a low score.The larger burner was defective from the onset - the knob turned but the 
Dualit Percolator not so good. We purchased this purcolator Christmas 2003, and ended up returning the first one after it did not work out of the box. Amazon was great 
Beautiful design but questionable quality and durability. When we first got this set, we were both very pleased with the unusual and striking design. We thought we would continue to 
Not very durable. I have purchased a total of three of these collar. They seem to work great for a while then they they need the dog to bark louder 
Ok But I wouldn t buy another. This product lights the page very well but...It is uncomfortable to hold & inconvenient to move with each page. I have only had 
TOV400 No Heat. After less than 1 year, I bought an oven thermometer to find out why the oven was cooking so slowly. After 45 minutes set at 450 degrees, 
you get what you pay for. If I could give half a star I would.I had this unit for exactly 93 days and it just wouldnt turn on one day.I 
Bad design. I prefer my spoons to stand upright. Many of my spoons fall out of this one, I guess it depends on your shape of the spoon  
This is the worst piece of garbage I ve ever bought!. I m an engineer and I cannot believe that any company would, in good conscience, fob off such trash 
Do not buy this wok. I received this in Christmas, the 2nd time I cooked pork chop with it the type with bones attached , I washed it right after 
Skimpy. This comforter might fit a full size bed, but it was way too small for a queen  
Great Coffee Until The Bulb Breaks. Allow me to be the 30th person to say that the lid is terrible. My bulb the plastic thing on top finally broke after 
Falls apart. I bought this blanket several years ago and only recently went to use it. I figured since it was sitting in a bag, I d wash it first.Well, 
Doesn t heat very well. I can barely feel the heater when I m laying right next to it. I expected much better from Sharper Image  
Don t bother. This thing is a joke. It s barely tall enough for the cat to get into it. Would you want to have to sit under a contraption 
Junk, Junk, Junk!!!!!. This blender is a piece of junk. I used it maybe twice, each time it smelled like it was on fire, which kinda worried me since my 
Good Lord. This is hands down the worst electric skillet that I have ever used. I noticed after the first time I used it that the non-stick coating was flaking 
NOT FOR LONG TERM USE, would not buy again. I should have paid more attention to the reviews...I was warned ahead of time that this crate shouldn t be used 
Not so elegant sheets. After only one usage and washing pilling of the material made reusing them uncomfortable. When I tried to return them I was refued because 30 days 
MagnaSharp Mouse Knife Sharpener. I couldn t tell any difference in the degree of sharpness on the knives before use and after use..  
It is NOT bone china, but FINE CHINA. I received it but with great, great disappointment. The bowl was not crafted from fine bone china, but from fine china. The 
Stoped working after 1.5 years. Wished it lasted longer. My wife got this Cuisinart Classic Toaster oven as a wedding gift. We liked the appearance and had it on our 
very tiny bowls. These are not at all what I was expecting. To me, these are tiny bowls -- they measure 5 1 4 inches across top. [...  
Ineffective & Dangerous. My husband and I purchased Comfort Zone plug-in to alleviate bad behavior from our aggressive kitten that we recently adopted from the SPCA. It was very expensive 
POOR DESIGN. I bought this item to use in lieu of my steam iron when my carpal tunnel flares up. I haven t tried using it on a wrinkled garment--only 
do not buy. this thing is the biggest waste of money i have ever seen  
buy the Brittany!!. I have loved every Le Creuset product I have purchased with the big exception of the Whistling Teakettle! I did away with it a couple of months 
Waste of money. Waste of money. I read the reviews and purchase the board anyway. I figured if I condition the board first with mineral oil it would last longer. 
Waste of money. This is the worse leveler I have ever used. You would be better off using a knife and eyeballing your cake. The problem is the blade is 
One serious problem. Works until the batteries go dead without warning. Then it s impossible to remove from a partially opened can in spite of instructions to the contrary. Avoid 
Waste of money. After this percolator stopped working, we were instructed to send it to Dulalit s service center for repair Electra Craft, Inc. Customer service at the repair center 
Simply Bad. This is horrible at keeping coffee hot. It gets cold quick.Buy another brand. I bought this model and a larger Zojirushi 1.9 liter stainless steel model at the 
Strangly unpredictable quality. I bought one of these about 6 months ago and it worked beautifully. No problems. Moved out of state and accidentally left it behind, so I replaced 
worst coffee machine I ve ever purchased. This coffee machine brews the weakest coffee I ve ever had- doesn t grindthe beans well and to clean it makes you wan 
Go witht the traditional cheese plane type. Like in the other reviews, the wire broke after only a few uses. I just emailed OXO and asked for a replacement. I 
Poor seals. Generally speaking the design is a good idea. Too bad the bottles don t seal well. The lids are poorly maufactured designed and do not seal properly. As 
Too much too little. I expected a lot more from this machine. Now that I have it, I still use my old 5 drip coffee maker. The wife is still 
FUN FOR A WHILE !. WANTED TO TRY IT............DID.................THE COFFEE IS TOO EXPENSIVE........CAN T USE ORDINARY COFFEE...........HAS TO BE VERY VERY FINE GRIND. OH WELL, THE LOCAL THRIFT STORE WILL 
Very disappointed!. I opened one of the packages and there was blood on the card that the sham was folded around. I promptly called Amazon and they replaced it. It 
100 Dupery - DOES NOT WORK AT ALL. I ve bought a used car, and while the ashtray was clean and new, and there was no smell at the moment 
Merely Okay. The bad news about these 300 thread count sheets is that the threads must be so thin as to qualify for supermodel status. This causes the fabric to 
Not a Serious Kitchen Knife -- Buy Something Else. Pros: Low price, looks good in the package, adequately slices and dices small pieces of meat and thin veggies.Cons: Flexible thin 
Not as good as it should be. We love using the microwave for rice - not faster, but simple, easy to clean, leaves the stove top free for other dinner 
Too bad so sad. Like everyone else it seems the item I got was also defective and did not work. Only the rotation and nothing else. Not the fan, not 
I tried to like them. I really did. I ended up with three of these litterboxes...from other people who hated them as well. Here s the thing: With the grate 
Don t bother...... The buyer was great but this product didn t help at all. The light shined in a circle pattern. No light at the middle. I returned them 
Did not work. I have ordered this unit twice this past month, the first one did not work properly in one of the units, the signal was distorted. After returning 
A Terrible Hand-Vac. The old Dirt Devils that I used to own were awesome - they would last forever even when taking lots of abuse. So I bought this updated 
Cannot adjust for coarseness. The description says you can adjust for coarseness of the salt pepper, but there is no such knob on the mini grinders. We replaced the store 
Terrible product from Rival. Don t bother with this skillet,the non-stick coating is non-existant. After a couple of uses the coating starts to come off and you know it s 
DeLonghi DFH2550TB Safe Heat Fan Heater. The heater that I received was defective. I down loaded a return label from amazon.com and returned the heater. I received my refund very 
Received 2. Both Leak from the top. I received two of these for Christmas. I tried them both. Both leaked liquid from 3 different spots when turned to pour. Also, 
yup, it works good but not worth the additional aggravation. The worst part of this purchase was that it was a gift and sent to another persons address. That person 
Fell apart quickly. Unfortunately the pet blinker didn t hold up very well. I think a washer fell out or something but the unit came apart after day 1  
Save your money. I bought this coffee maker to try and get above the level of cheap coffeemakers. I did not succeed. I paid 50 and could have bought a 
Little Disappointing. Honestly, I was a little disappointed in this martini set. I bought it as a Xmas gift. I wrapped it as it came, wrapped in a plastic protective 
Disappointed. I had really wanted the Select A Spice carousel. Especially since you are suppose to be able to turn the dial to get different measurements out. What I found 
Would of been nice.... Sure could of wrapped up in this, had my order been shipped to me, kept the certificate and the products..  
Completely Wrong Material. As a serious amateur woodworker who has also studied the design and building of wooden boats, let me say that beechwood is by far one of the 
Don t get this one. I ve had an old coffee maker for a long time that makes good coffee but I thought I was ready for something even better. 
Don t Buy. Mr Dances to bluethis is a Bad product ....period ...whatever other only one agrees say about it being a good one ....its notThink of getting a diff 
My Vacuum Fell Apart. My wife and I received this vacuum as a wedding gift. Before we even celebrated our 2 year anniversary, the vacuum had completely fallen apart. It 
Get the same thing for 10.00. This is a very cool product, but there are a million knock-offs out there these days, and you can get them for as little 
Terrible. I drink more wine than I sometimes like to admit, and so I open a lot of bottles. I ve used waiter s corkscrews, the fancy two prong kind, 
Disappointed !. I have ordered several Le Creuset items, and have always been happy with my purchase. Not so with this teapot. I cannot use it on my stovetop, according 
Mrs. Anderson s Pie Crust Shield. Within 10 minutes of the pie crust shields being on the pies the crust was burnt. Pies came out better without a shield  
Purchased a Nordic Ware Norwegian Krumkake Iron. I had an old Krumkake Cast Iron that our hinges finally broke off and thought I would try this unit. Very disappointing! Ever 
Disappointment!!. I purchased the Croscill shower curtain liner. While I was hanging the curtain I noticed the rings on the liner were not large enough to fit through my shower 
Complete junk!. Worked fine for about 6 months and then the inner surface failed. I m not sure precisely what happened but some part of the surface coating wore off 
Disposable pump, grows slime. When this fountain is freshly cleaned, the cats love it. The water does stay cool. But cat hair -- lots of THAT around here -- clogs 
Shark is short-lived!. I received this machine as a birthday present. The first night I tried it, the power and light would turn on and off at random intervals until 
Stopped working after 1 month and the cats are laughing. and pooping in my mulch. The only solution is a rock garden  
ok for 6 months, now leaks everywhere. Worked ok for 6 months if dial is not in exactly the right notch, washer will run forever without stopping ... then started 
Good Skillet, NO LID!. DO NOT BUY THIS EXPECTING THE LID IN THE DESCRIPTION!I never recieved the lid described in the description section.They had a similar skillet in colors for 
really garish. Should have thought twice about this one -- it s really big and a very garish green. Not worth sending back, so I guess it will go to 
Pick a different one. I registered for this and was happy to receive it at my work shower. Until I used it. It is pretty loud, makes the water dirty, 
Overpriced. Product was very over priced for what I got and shipping was entirely too hig  
HELLO!! A price would sure help me decide whether to purchase!!. I spent about 20 minutes trying to ascertain how much this item cost, but to no avail whatsoever! I 
Not Too Sturdy. Product was shipped immediately and arrived in excellent condition. It was not too difficult to put together.As to the product itself, it is not too sturdy and 
Severe Product and Customer Service Problems. I purchased this product at a B@M retailer my first mistake? . The unit is attractive. The coffee function works as advertised.Upon setup, I 
Utterly useless. DO NOT EVEN THINK about it if you plan to use it for making roti. The roti remains uncooked inside. We also tried just for pressing out the 
Liner breaks easily 4 of 5 shattered within 12 month period. after owning a number of thermos and other insulated bottles, this is the best at maintaining temperature and the 
VERY prone to false alarms!. We have had a lot of trouble with false nuisance smoke alarms with this product. It was not anywhere near our kitchen, either, but in 
Chose another brand. 1. When I open the box. Found there is a loose screw in the heater.Meaning the product quality control has problem.2. There is no handle to hold 
Thin metal, not flat bottom. In the ad it talks about having flat bottoms and thick metal, but it isn t flat, it concaves up and it isn t thick 
Terrible product, save your money. I m terribly disappointed. The feed chute is tiny barely big enough for two fingers , the tray above the chute doesn t hold anything 
Price does not equal value - many problems... I bought this on a popular online auction for 25, but I didn t know what I was getting into. Buy this 
Can it make any more noise?. First off, I paid 25.00 for this at Walmart, so I would suggest going there first if you decide you want this light weight 
Disappointed. The towels are as soft as advertised, but that s it. The towels are much smaller than advertised. I ordered grey, but received tan. I can t use them 
Not first quality!. These towels are obviously seconds. I ordered several bath and hand towels, as well as washcloths. Upon receipt I opened several. Each had clearly visible thin spots 
Towels?. Towels are supposed to be absorbent, these swoosh the water across your body...Not good towels, pretty, yes- just for show though  
not easy to fill. not very easy to fill into the original filter; but it saves money though  
NOT low lint. Thick towels but shed, even after washing. Don t wash with anything else but other towels. Seem to have good color saturation. Nothing special, but better than 
design defect defeats travel mug s purpose. You really can t drink coffee from the mugs which come with this coffeemaker, unless the lids are off the mug... a definite 
Not good on grout. I purchased this floor cleaner specifically to use on the white tile floor and formerly white grout. It did a great job cleaning the tile itself. 
Worked great.........at first. Was happy with this toaster until I had it for about 4 months.At that time the lever started acting up by not staying down.Sometimes it worked other 
Not a six quart bowl. Although it says 6 qt on the bottom of the bowl it actually holds just a hair over 4 quarts. I wouldn t consider this 
Horrible!. Hey, I wasn t expecting much but seriously, these are a pretty bad. I bought two of these for my office. The plastic shade comes all dented and looks 
a waste of money. If you want your wife mad at you buy this vacumn. A total waste of money and time!!! Poor suction, air filter is clogging constantly, filthy 
Hopeless and Got tilted within 2 days. Useless product.Soaks water and becomes unbalanced and tilted withing 2 days..waste of money.  
Disapointed. We loved this pot when we bought it. The design, the taste and temperature of the coffee; but like everyone else our joy was short lived. The cheap plastic 
Poor quality. A 1 3 inch split developed in the wood on the spoon s flat edge after about five uses I hand wash and dry promptly . The same 
You get what you pay for. I knew when I purchased these sheets for only 13 dollars they weren t going to be great, but really these are ridiculous. They 
My impression. Dear Customer Service,I am please about the refund; I am please about all thinks that I purchase from you.The web page where I bought: Zelco itty bitty Book 
Check your municipal water system first. After I read stories about problems chlorine causes in the shower chlorine I got this filter. It turns out most water systems are using 
design flaw. I appreciate the fact that this makes 8 popsicles but the flaw is in the design. The dribble base when tilted to take a bite, pours the melted 
there are better ones out there. I thought I did enough research before buying this machine but apparently not enough. I was disappointed in 1. the design looks rather cheap 
Piddle pads. They work great; very absorbent. And cheaper than the ones I ve bought in the past. I have a strictly indoor dog, and these take care of problems 
Cheaply made. Although this item is pretty, it is very light weight & feels cheaply mad  
eh...try something else. I gave this a super bad rating a few months ago - something to the effect of avoid avoid avoid...at all cost - which upon review seemed 
DO NOT BUY -- TARGET SHOULD BE ASHAMED TO SELL THIS. We made the stupid mistake of buying this item despite many of the bad reviews. While the item looks 
Amazingly short life span. I only had the lasagna pan for a short time and used it maybe four times. It was in the oven and simply broke into three 
Hmmmm... This is cute and kitschy, but too small and overpriced. They aren t kidding around putting mini in the name of this item. It s way too big to 
Broke in a few weeks. I wanted this to work, since I have a house full of unglazed, porous, beige ceramic tile floors with white grout no, it wasn t 
NOT IN STOCK. I have not received the item just yet so I can not comment on the item itself, but just as a warning to all who thinks this 
Soggy, dark brown waffles. Unlike many people it seems, I ve never had a problem with the hinge on this waffle maker -- it s still sturdy for me after 
Terrible performance. I have this filter only for about 3 months and it is already leaking on the seams. I crazy glued it and it works while I m waiting 
not so great. I am totally unimpressed with this set of bowls. I received them a few days ago and washed them, and one has already managed to crack after 
Broke down after 2 years. I bought this toaster to replace my cheap 10 Toastmaster, which held up for more than 10 years [it was still working when I tossed 
disapointed buyer. I received the sleepwarmer blanket last week and have been very disapointed--it is just not warm enough!! Even on the highest setting it doesn t get warm enough 
Unwashable. The product description for this is wrong!! There is a somewhat hidden zipper but for some inexplicable reason, the lining is sewn into the cover so you can t 
terrible product. First time ordering through Amazon, and probably the last. The item arrived to me chipped and cracked. Also having a difficult time getting my money back! Good luck 
Poorly and cheaply manufactured...possibly a fire hazzard. I received this unit the first week of November 2006. By Valentines day it was toast no pun intended .At first it worked 
These are not Grand Patrician towels!. I had hoped to match some towels I rec d for Christmas. However, the Amazon towels are made by Utica and are not Grand 
Poorly Made. I have had this cabinet for about six months. The doors when filled with CD s sag and cannot be realigned. This problem must be common as one 
DeLonghi espresso products lack quality... Delonghi has some serious quilty issues. I started with a lesser model, and as each one has broken, I have been upgraded see my blog 
two came and went. We ordered this for a spare fridge and it would be a great size, but the first on came and it was damaged. It looked like 
If you want your coffee ground fine then keep looking. I bought this grinder after seeing it recommended on another site. Unfortunately, I quickly discovered that this grinder does not 
not what I expected. oversized is a big word for these towels and the quality of the cotton used is very low. I washed them once and they already shrank. 
Don t Waste Your Money. This shaker is a piece of garbage. For starters, the shipper sends it to you in the retail box with no padding. If that doesn 
did not get. i ordered this item 5 months ago was told by amazon that i would get this item and it was avaliable and then after 5 months they 
Same old. There s no real advantage over a vintage toaster oven. Besides, it s noisy. As always, it takes too long  
Do NOT buy this item... If I had the option of zero stars, I would have put that. It says to clean often and you ll know why. It may 
My trashcan broke after only a few months!!. We bought this trash can, which seems to have a very sturdy design and appears to be well made about 3 months 
&amp;amp;quot;LOOKS&amp;amp;quot; good. I recieved these for a shower gift on a Saturday, by Monday 1 had already broke, and I mean shatered in the sink, I didn t drop it 
entertaining but not durable. My Jack Russell loved the ball, in fact when I would take it out, even before I turned it on she would go crazy trying to 
Wilton Armetale does not ship with glass insert. My wife ordered the Rectangular Baker just after Christmas, and it arrived without the glass insert I wish we would have read 
Fraud. It s junk. Bought one .. opened 15 cans and it quit. I agree with all the other 9 out of 13 reviews, it powered out and no matter 
Malfunctioning heater. I purchased this heater for my daughter on Febuary 5th. The heater was connected to a surge protector. A week ago my daughter woke up to the smell 
Only for Small Books!!. After reading the one review on this site I ordered the bookmateand eagerly awaited it as I was using a Fellowes plastic bookstand for my softcover 
very poor -- it doesn t close well. If this wasn t such an inexpensive item I would return it, but the hassle is too great  
Shattered dreams... It is a very lovely two piece set. And Amazon shipped it to me twice, and both times it arrived in more or less a pile of shards. 
JUNK JUNK JUNK !!!. I didn t expect great things from this machine, considering the price.But I did expect at least the very minimum. I bought 2 because I knew 
Horrible product. It doesn t register correct temperature. Actually zero stars. It doesn t give the right temperature. It showed 250 when temperature of fat for fried chicken was 350 
Expensive Mistake!. The Venta-Airwasher may be good as a humidifier in countries like Germany where it is extremely cold in winter and the heating stays on 24 hours round the 
Fine coffeemaker, but terrible carafe!. I m about to buy my third carafe in a year. This is a great coffeemaker, works well and looks nice on the counter but 
Not working out-of-box. The scale does not come with a battery, even though there is a distinct place for it in the internal packaging. Scale had a 2002 manufacture date 
Worthless on hardwood floors. The other reviews convinced me this product was what I was looking for - quick and easy cleanups in between major vacuuming. I unpacked it as 
One star only because there s no option for zero stars. I bought one of these last year, and put it up in our yard just five feet from the 
Very Disappointed. I was very, very disappointed with the performance of the Tribest blender. I bought it to blend breakfast smoothies....nothing fancy....just some protein powder and soy milk. I even 
my cats do not use the fountain. It is also hard to fill it with water, without spilling.I will try to change location, see if it helps.So far, no luck 
Royal Albert Rose Cameo Collectible Teacup, Green. This teacup has a beautiful design, but I was very disappointed when I received it. The cup and saucer were much thicker than 
Used Coffermaker. I purchased this coffeemaker for my boyfriend. When I opened the box you could tell that the item had already been removed. When I took the coffeemaker out, 
silent? not quite... i wear earplugs at night and i could still hear this humidifier.... how is that silent  
Expensive product with no quality. I ve used this broken steamer which i d brought from bed bath and beyond about 1 year ago. the water tank s cover came 
Heater was well below expectations. I originally went to the store to buy another Vornado heater that received good reviews on Amazon, however the store only had the DVH in 
The WOREST wok I ever had. I bought this wok 2 weeks ago, read and follow all the insturctions of it. Within these 2 weeks I use it for about 
NOT dishwasher safe. A drawback of Calphalon s anodized alumninum is that it cannot be cleaned in the dishwasher. But stainless steel is dishwasher safe, and Amazon s product description 
Never got it. I ordered this item and was told it would take several weeks for delivery, then I received an e-mail a few weeks later that it was going 
not all of us are chimps...this is a lousy coffee maker. I have to agree with the review about overflowing and basket popping....while this coffee maker does make excellent coffee, 
Stay Away!. I had researched this product for juicing ability and power. I ended up buying this one and after using it twice the motor just shut off. I returned 
Amazon is sending the wrong item. I have tried to get the All Purpose Spatula twice and Amazon has sent me a spoon spatula which is completely different and doesn 
Very disappointing. After reading the enthusiastic reviews by other customers, I decided to buy this one. Too bad.Who picked out these colors...they are so dull! The white is boring, the 
Not a Good experience - No stars. I do not even rate this one star, but the website does not go any lower.We used this product only once before we 
Not very waterproof. I know this is supposed to be a waterproof thermometer, but my wife ran it under the faucet to clean it and the screen fogged up inside. 
Disappointing. I looked forward to this combo slicer press, but it is difficult to use, and if you put more than one clove of garlic in, you have to manipulate 
Delivery ruined bookcase. What was to be the perfect bookcase for the space came in a box that was battered and torn. It looked as if it had been dropped 
Inexpensive Chinois. I returned this item. I was looking for a very fine strainer while this was actually a pierced metal strainer, making it too coarse for my needs. Otherwise 
Rip-off. Beware of this ironing board. It is nothing special, kind of rickety, and the shipping charges are almost as much as the board, which I missed becuase I was 
Don t use dark fountains. Petmate makes a great fountain, but their black model should be discontinued. It is impossible to tell if the water is clean by looking at 
Not a good one. I bought this board along with another brand. This one falls off the sink and is constantly dumping my cuttings in the sink. It also warped 
don t do it!!!!!. it s a little confusing to use and it s very easy to stop the wrong timer running because it doesn t automatically switch to the 
Waste of Time. We bought one of these for Christmas and it went back within 2 days. After trying twice, it took me over an hour to clean my kitchen 
Not entirely stainless steel interior. I was seeking an electric kettle specifically without any plastic in contact with the heated water due to dioxins released from heated plastics and all 
Decent job, but lacks in quality. I m a student in college, and when my first hamper ripped, I decided that it was time to buy a sturdier hamper. My 
Never again will we buy Hoover. We purchased a Hoover bagless canister last year. The electrical connection between the hose and wand broke due to a very poor design. Never 
On a scale of 1-5, I give it a -20. This is the worst popcorn popper I have ever owned! It is slow and doesn t pop well. I thought 
No sirve. Se rompio la primera vez que lo use. No gasten su dinero en esto  
Doesn t fit. I bought this lid to use with my 8-inch saute pan part of the 9-piece Calphalon commercial hard-anodized cookware set , but its slightly too big. I 
My dog hears the noise. My dog hears the nosie, very disappointing in this item  
Unhappy. When I recieved the shelf it did not have the poles in the box to attach the top shelf. I emailed the company and did not recieve any response 
You will never get this one. I ordered this product 3 months back - as they say Got into the line . This item was part of an larger order 
pointless. For the 1500W of power that it draws this provides about the amount of warmth that a vaccum cleaner provides by friction on a carpet. Quite pointless  
nice look on the picture but not the product. The glass bottles are full of voids, scratches, non smooth glass surfaces. I have returned mine for an exchange, but the 
Misrepresented. The ad for this bed stated that it came with a hand held control to make it easier to inflate and deflate the bed. Instead, it came with a 
Nordic Ware Double Swedish Rosette Timbale Set. I was not pleased to have received a DIFFERENT PRODUCT than was featured selected ordered !The company did NOT respond to my request 
Too small. This is a Lemon Lime Press. The Oranges in China must be real small, so if your planning on pressing Oranges make sure they are small and forget 
3rd Pur Pitcher....3rd Leaking Pitcher. Great Water! That is why it got a 2...otherwise it would have receive a 0.I DO love the look of that pitcher...but every one I 
There are better humidifiers for the price. I bought this because many claimed how quite it was, especially on low setting. Well the fan is quite on the low setting 
NOT A GOOD DEAL...TOO EXPENSIVE!!. First of all, it s expensive 60 . Kitchen Kaboodle sells the SAME EXACT one for 29.99. I tried to return it to the company 
Recieved wrong set. I was sent another set, not this set which I ordered so I had to return it and cannot give a review  
Great buy if you like throwing your money away. I have purchased 2 of these from Amazon, neither worked. I tried buying them from Bed Bath & Beyond, neither worked. 
Beautiful Blanket with Unfortunate Controller Problem. We purchased the blanket because we felt it was superior in quality. Since it costs at least double what common blankets cost, it seemed 
Doesn t Work. I just got this... took it out of the box... plugged it in ... and... it does not work  
Don t bother. It seemed like a good idea, a ball to fetch chew and ropes to chew and tug. After less then 10 minutes with this toy our 14 
Too big. These glases are too big for practical use. Instead we recommend the Chardonnay Voigner model.  
Dissapointing. I purchased this little sweeper to sweep up bird seed and crumbs on the floor from the kids. For the bird seed it s ok as long as you 
A little too stiff for my liking. I like the concept of this easy-to-keep-clean kitchen gadget, but I found it to be too stiff for my liking. Perhaps if the 
Disappointing. We have been searching for a solution to our very uncomfortable seats in our Ford Windstar van. This cushion did not help  
Misleading Description. Description implies that the entire toy is filled when in reality only the cat s head contains catnip. The tail is an extremely thin strip. I was very 
Buy from someone else. I checked the ProFlowers site and it said I still had 3 days to order the flowers to ensure they got there before Christmas. It s 
2 months old - heating element has failed. I ve owned any number of VillaWare products in the past and have always been happy with their quality and longevity. This 
It s a cheap piece of foreign garbage. Here s a list of what s wrong with this item:&#60;br &#62;1. You ll stain your wrist trying to screw in the 
Pesto - burned up !. Made pesto last evening with parsley, walnuts, two cloves of garlic, and extra virgin olive oil. Added ingredients, a small amount at a time.The machine 
Defective Vacuum Cleaner. This vacuum cleaner had to be sent back to the manufacturer. The setting that determines which type of floor is to be vacuumed simply did not function. 
Not up to Le Creuset standard... I am a major fan of Le Creuset pots and have a number of them but I must say that their kettle is not 
Old product. Package looked 10 years old. Product appeared undamaged. Used for a couple days and the filter status indicator reads bad filters. As it did from the start. No 
Don t waste your money. This item seemed like the answer to my prayers. Holds 18 pr of shoes in one foot of floor space? Well, I only had it 
Doesn t do its job, and makes a big mess. I had high hopes for this little gadget, being a fan of grilled sandwiches. Unfortunately, one experience was all it 
Good for making a mushy mess. I have a mini-cuisinart and a full sized one, but since I received this herb processor as a gift, I thought I d give 
do not buy. do not buy this. the steamer stops working in a month and it cannot be fixed. cleaning doesn t help at all, even after carefully following the 
cheese squasher. Nothing like a wire cutter. You re better off with a knife than this thing.  
Foiled Again. This was my last attempt at buying a battery operated frother. My hope was that it would recharge after every use and being environmentally consciencious would put my 
SAVE YOUR MONEY. SAVE YOUR MONEY. HAVE TRIED DUAL CEREAL DISPENSER FROM JC PENNY S. AGAIN SAVE YOUR MONEY. CRUSH,JAM,FLEMSY,MESSY, ETC. . NOT KID FRIENDLY !!NOT WORTH THE MONEY. USE 
Disappointed. After reading all the reviews, I was eager to own one of these.It didn t work at all with synthetic corks. And even failed with some real corks! 8 
This is not an oyster knife. It is preposterous that they would even call this thing an oyster knife. This piece of garbage was literally destroyed after opening one raw 
Not Worth the Money. I bought this thinking that it would work better than scooping kitty litter into a small trash bag and tying it off and then placing it 
Sad...I returned it immediately. This grinder is really nice looking and the price was right, so I was looking forward to incorporating it into my life. But it kept turning 
Deception. We were very disappointed, upon opening the package, to see how small the glasses are. I was concerned about this when I purchased them, but could find no info 
Break too easily. Hi,Really like drinking wine from these glasses. Ended up with 8 each in two sizes. Broke my 4th glass the other day while cleaning it. NEVER broke 
Does what it claims, but takes forever. This product does what it claims. I recieved it a few days ago and it has performed well. The downside of the product 
Poor customer service. I purchased this machine in November 2005. When working it is a wonderful but it started to leak within 6 weeks. I sent it back for repair 
Bad controls. The blanket worked, for 3 weeks. Now the controller just keeps blinking E. It wont reset, it wont warm. I cannot return it to amazon, It s been 
Pasta maker. The first time using the product it got jammed and I have not been able to open the machine up due to its malfunction.I need to exchange it 
the toaster that doesn t toast. looks nice but DOES NOT TOAST! for baking function, takes a while to heat up adequately- thus totally defeating the point in my eyes 
Not enough heat. I received this as a gift from my wish list. The oven does not get hot enough to brown food, same for the broiler. I m sorry 
Doesn t work for me. If you own a large dog who likes to roam like a great pyranees or similar , this will not work and will be a 
BEWARE -- NO RETURN ON THIS ITEM !!. I ordered this item as a gift and later learned that they had already received a like product. When I tried to 
No support. The supports for the seat cushion are flimsy wood with rubber joints. I have had to reinforce every one of them with bloody duct tape before I dared 
Not worth the money. I am sure there is a lesson in my experience. I fist purchased the salt and pepper grinding mill balls and found the salt pepper did 
Been doing this for a long time... with an old coffee can. True it doesn t have the odor free aspect, but if you are scooping a litter box there 
Overrated. I bought the vacuum because of the good reviews on several sites. I, however, found the vacuum to be very lacking in performance. It didn t pick up well 
world s best cat litter. Is not the worlds best cat litter. Does not last the length of time they claim it too. It does control urine odor but stinks 
Don t make the same mistake I made!!. This unit is heavy and awkward.Three months after I purchased it, the on-off switch stopped working. Sanyo s nearest service location is 
DON T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!. TOTAL PIECE OF JUNK. EXPENSIVE JUNK AT THAT. ATTACHMENTS HARD TO USE. CAP SEIZED WOULDN T OPEN FOR REFILL. NO REPLY FROM ONLINETECH.IT LOOKS STURDY 
Two-Time Loser. This thing looks and performs wonderfully out of the box. The filters capture that disgusting vacuum smell, and its fun to watch all that dust and pet hair 
This sateen is a finish that washes out. I purchased three sets of Wamasutta 300-Thread-Count Egyptian Sateen Sheets and thought I had made an investment that would last for years. 
alp. The top doesn t seal so shaking and storing the dressing can only be done with tinkering. Also, the bottle being so narrow it s hard to clean.  
chirp chirp chirp. This is not and I repeat is not a good alarm. There is one alarm light and you can hardly tell which one is sounding. It looks 
Don t buy Shark!. I bought a different model of Shark vacuum cleaner about three months ago at a Target store near my home. It s a different model than 
Don t bother. I thought this breadbox was beautiful in the picture and unique because of the two compartments. The construction, however, is horrible. The wood was split at the 
False advertising. The product description says the fridge can cool 40 degrees below ambient room temperature. The packaging on the product, which I received today, says 20 degrees below room 
TINY Bookstand. After reading several reviews, I only read one that was negative. I concurred that perhaps one person just had different needs. Well, as soon as I opened the 
Waste of . This heater blew a fuse twice in my office, causing my coworkers computers to shut down and lose unsaved information. The darn thing comes on for 2 
The Margarator On the Rocks Processing Machine. The Margarator will process your ingredients to small pebbles of ice and a liquid and then all liquid. All you will need is 
disappointed. Item received not the same as pictured - cost more to send it back and reorder - disappointed.  
stay away from this humidifier. This product seemed to have been designed by someone who had never used a humidifier before. The water tank is nearly impossible to fill; there 
No effect for us... Alas, this had no discernable effect on my cats. However, the product arrived in good time and in good shape  
Really bad. This is the first review I ve written for anything. I am inspired to write about the Krupps Burr grinder because it is the most frustrating piece of 
Doesn t keep a charge, and maintain a fast enough speed. It s not god awful, but the cheaper plug in one I have is easier to use, not as 
Dissatisfied. After waiting for a month for this to come, I opened the box and found it to be broken. Most pot racks are riveted together to make them stronger, 
I m sure they are nice... Unfortunately, I ordered these twice and received rectangular bakers instead. This was not Amazon s fault, but Emile Henry s for mislabling the box 
GOOD BAD IDEAS. I agree. A GOOD idea poorly thought out. YOu would have to mount it on a pole or hang it from the celing to get the desired 
Bread toasts well but, bagels and muffins are bad. Based on all the glowing reviews here of this toaster, I went and purchased one. It does toast bread just fine. 
Grill top very bad quality. Being Swiss, I know how what normal wear and tear is on a racelette oven. The oven itself is great, and the little pans are 
Not a real tagine: it only looks like one. A real tagine in Morocco has a hole at the top for the steam to escape. This has NO Hole and 
Slow Leak. I liked the product until it showed a small split in the bottom and developed a slow leak after only a few uses. Perhaps the plastic doesn t 
did not get. i ordered this item 5 months ago was told by amazon that i would get this item and it was avaliable and then after 5 months they 
Nice looking, doesn t hold up. A very attractive kettle but the plastic holder on the lid broke off in a matter of a few months. This is not a 
Broke after about six months. I purchased this grinder and was very pleased with its performance. I really like its compact size, the ability to choose grind and to just 
BROKE IN 3 MONTHS. I should have followed the advice of most of the reviewers here before I purchased this humidifer. There was a large mineral buildup but that was 
Barely Acceptable. This toaster oven is nicely styled on its exterior, but its pleasures end there.The box loudly trumpets Stainless Steel in its ad copy, and it s true that 
A no good canopener. The on & off switch positivly did not work.After about a week,I got so disgusted with it Ithrew it in the garbage can.Thats what i thinkabout 
Not loud enough. I m not sure the timer I receib=ved works properly. The timing mechanism dseems accurate, however, the sound it makes when the time is up is more 
DON T WASTE YOUR MONEY. Brought this home from Target today and it s going back tomorrow. The quality is unbelievably poor. You actually can t assemble it. When you 
What are the colors made of?. As this is a consumable food product, I d like to know what each color is made of. ???????????  
broke in 6 months. this fridge was great for my son and then it stopped working in 6 months what a dissapoitment!  
Teflon Bonding Failure. Within a few weeks of purchase the teflon in the Zojirushi pan started to blister and flake off. This is NOT the result of customer abuse but 
It did not work!!!. I received my timer yesterday and decided to test it... IT DIDN T WORK!!! I shipped it back right away. It looked somewhat cute with the 
Very disappointed. I have spent this weekend trying to establish the boundaries of this system. The first attempt took a little while however we placed the flags as instructed. Fitted 
door stop. did not grind well and then after about 4 months died. I won t make the mistake of buying a DeLonghi product aging  
Disappointed. I have used a lightweight Hoover for years and was very pleased with it. When I first received this new cleaner I was really excited with the power it 
If you don t believe me, see my photo. I should have read these reviews instead of trusting the KitchenAid name when I bought this toaster. From day one, it 
You get what you pay for. Many times, I ve come across great deals on Amazon where I ve paid just little for a lot. This is NOT one of 
800 grit sandpaper. Must write a review so I may save someone else from a sleepless night. Sheets were washed and still felt like sandpaper. I literally had to sleep 
Cool idea, bad execution. I love the idea of these but they re a pain. The plastic plunger sticks so tightly inside the plastic sleeve that getting accurate measurements is 
The old ones were better. I also bought one of these to replace an old B&D spacemaker that was around 8 years old. My old one was nasty looking, yellowed 
plastic carafe will not hold up. I purchased this blender several months ago and the power of the motor is great. But if you make smoothies and crush a lot 
Terrible Trash. This vacuum cleaner has been junk from day one. Poor quality accessories that broke easily and were expensive to replace, retractable cord that rarely retracts. All this, and 
Zero stars...true JUNK!. Would not work right out of the blister pack. Plugged it in, set the time, set the alarm. Could never get the timer to turn On  
Only lasted a few times... I was very disappointed with this cheese slicer--the wire broke after about the fourth use. I have always had good experiences with Oxo and was 
Works, but safety concerns. As others have noted, the outer case gets very hot. I decided to take it apart to understand why. The removable stoneware sits in an inner 
Rusted out. Although a pretty kettle, and with a wide enough base to support a full flame on commercial range such as Viking or Wolf, the inside became pitted and 
Junk - find another option. I just threw this thing in the garbage after 12 months, and wish I would have done so 11 months ago. Non-stick coating was peeling 
Out of Gas. I ve used gas wine preservers for many years with good results. In my opinion, it s the best way to preserve an opened bottle of wine.Private 
Cartridges. The cartridges are exactly as I expected, but the shipping charges were hidden. No where during my order was I informed of the very high shipping. I would not 
I bought an upscale product?. Within 2 weeks, the pause & brew didn t exist. The coffee poured all over when I tried to pull the carafe for a cup. 
Teflon Bonding Failure. Within a few weeks of purchase the teflon in the Zojirushi pan started to blister and flake off. This is NOT the result of customer abuse but 
not the quality I was looking for... returned product. I opened this mixer and it was broken. I shipped it back. I did however order another and it was in 
Better off using it on a futton. We were better off using the sofa sized one on a futton than on our sofa. the THROW wouldnt stay in place for 
Terrible. Slept on this bed one night, couldn t wait to get out of it. Definitely not recommended. Only gave it 1 star because zero stars is not an option 
Not recommended. Feels like sleeping on a rock, hard like a rock. I wake up everyday with a headache. I slept much better with my old, 10 year old pillow 
crappy. This worked great for about two weeks of minimal use. I live in New York and I don t believe I got more than 5 gallons of water before 
wish I had known it had an aluminum core before I bought it. No where in the description did it say the core was aluminum. I was under the impression 
Bad-Bad. I received the first topper and it was not satisfactory so I called and was sent another one which was worse than the first discolored etc. I have since 
Disappointed. I bought a non digital Vornado in the past and it still works fine. This digital Vornado was fine in the beginning, but after a short while, the digital 
Pet safe? I don t think so!. Do NOT buy this product. I bought it for my 10 month-old lab who barks excessively at night. My husband and I tested 
TERRIBLE. We bought it, came home and tried it: did not work!Went back to the store, exchanged it, took the new one home, tried it, worked, BUT 2 months later 
supersized. I bought these because I was looking for nice red glass. I m almost embarrassed at the size of them. They are not practical but i paid so little 
Turbo-Driven brush -- what a joke!. I used this model twice and promptly returned it. The turbo-driven brush works only by the suction of the vacuum; it has no additional 
lousy item. the stopper will not seal once it hits the oil in the dressing. useless, but would cost me as much to send it back as the cost of 
NO GOOD get Dirt Devil 083414 Extreme Power Stick Vacuum. No suction and only ran about 2 minutes after an all night charge. I returned it as defective, which it 
Braun MX2050 does as good a job for under 45. The Vita-Mix 5000 is billed as 10 kitchen appliances in one. This tall, heavy, and pricey machine did well in 
Not what shown in the picture. The space between the strands is much greater than shown in the picture. The cutrain will not hide what is behind it  
2 Toaster Shipments 2 Returns!. On the first toaster 2 of the 4 slices would not toast as the element would not work. Returned and replaced. The second toaster had 
Terrible Pillows. I bought 4 of the Chenille pillows and they have all came apart at the seams. The lasted maybe a couple of months. These pillows are for looks 
Don t be fooled. This is a very powerful handheld vacuum cleaner. If you just need to clean up loose this like salt or cracker crumbs it will perform great. 
Bad warranty policy. My collar stopped working after 3 months. Innotek doesn t honor their warranty unless you buy from an authorized dealer which doesn t include Amazon  
sun tea maker. WE MADE TWO BATCHES OF ICED TEA IN OUR MAKER. WE COULDN T FIGURE OUT WHY IT WAS LEAKING BUT FIGURED MOST OF THEM DO HAVE SPOUT 
I would love it if... The foam mattress really is wonderful to sleep on, however, the plastic odor is extremely strong. So strong, that I still smell it after 2 
Carafe exploded. We ve had this coffeemaker for about 10 months now and so far it has worked reasonably well. I have to admit that the coffee is not as 
unit fried in 5 months. I ve had very bad experience with this vacuum. It is bulky, heavy, and inconvenient. Also, the cord is too short if used in a 
Cheap yet costly. I purchased this item to store cereal items for my four young children. This item is flimsy and cheaply made yet very costly. I would not recommend 
design flaw. The first waffle came out OK, but on our second try the lid mechanism locked with the waffle inside. We tried everything to get the waffler open but 
NOT the best microwave popcorn popper. This is NOT the best microwave popcorn popper. We tried this at a friend s house after Christmas, I was raving about my own 
Overpriced!. This product is OK - it s just a larger version of the upholstery tool that you probably already have with the vacuum. The head is eight inches wide 
They don t work well. These shakers really don t dispense salt and pepper very well. They re cute and small, but my guests have to shake for an extended 
Do NOT buy, if you have hard water... I live in Utah and purchased two of these for my home. Within a day everything was covered with white dust, on 
What could be more stupid than buying one of these?. Buying two of these. Yes, indeed. I m the biggest loser of all. I was so impressed with how this 
Somewhat disappointed in quality. I bought this set because of the colors and the value. It looked beautiful and smelled wonderful but that s where the &amp;quot;nice things&amp;quot; ended. I 
Can you rate less than 1?. Checked online comparing many models and purchased one two years ago, worked great all winter. Decided to purchase a second last year year, both 
Never recieved the full product. Please HELP!. I ordered the product on Dec. 15 2006. The product was shipped, but never arrived Tracking Number: 1Z YX5 952 03 8168 867 
hard to clean. In my opinion the reset problem and occasional burbling are not problems. My main beef is it s too hard to clean. A few weeks after replacing 
Very quiet timer..... A nice heavy timer, but even when I put it in the same room that I m in, I usually do not hear the timer if there 
too much trouble. When I got my Fagor pressure cooker I thought it was going to be a long relationship. But I have learned over the past few months that 
WORTHLESS - DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM. I wish i could get my money back from this. I hate this vacuum for the following reasons:1. it is terrible at cleaning 
It didn t last long. While the water tasted better, this model didn t last for more than about two months before leaking and eventually spraying water all over the 
Anolon 16-Quart Stainless Steel Covered Stockpot. I used my new pot to make fig pickle and it did a super job! It is deep enough so I didn t have 
Bad Bobo. My miniature Poodle loves her Bobo dog, however they don t last very long, and do a good job of absorbing saliva, so they become very stinky after 
Expected better. For the price, I expected a quality canister. The plastic insert in the lid arrived unglued, and hardly creates an airtight seal. Had I seen this item in 
This is a JOKE- Didn t even make one cup!. All this stupid contraption did was blink and lock up. I never even got one cup before it locked up 
review mni magnetic s& p set. Neither the salt mill or pepper grinder work well. It takes forever to get salt and pepper from the squeezing of the handles together 
This griddle sucks!. I make pancakes almost every day its one of the only things my toddler will eat and it usually cooks one side, but for some reason turns 
Its wood!. Well...its wood...its hard to clean...but I knew that going into it!! wont do it again  
DO NOT BUY: This item needs to be recalled. I initially bought this item at my local hardware store. That unit stopped working after 2 days. I returned it thinking 
Disappointed in the Bunn. I m a BIG coffee drinker and I thought the Bunn would be a coffee lover s delight. It turned out to be my biggest nightmare. 
Very very thin material.... Sheets and comforter are cute, my son loves them, but they are paper thin. You can see right through the sheets, and they are a little 
Not very chip resistant. I purchased these to keep on my counter and house my coffee. I used them daily and they soon looked terrible! The paint on the lids 
horrible. The cutter worked fine on the first 2 bottles I opened. After that it won t even cut through the foil of another bottle. I had a foil cutter 
Waste of time and money. Ours has stopped working in a matter of months.Instead spend your money on a pepper mill with the Danish ceramic mechanism with a lifetime guarantee 
Not for a guy. Looked nice and plain in the picture and it was on sale. Got it and was all doily and fru fru at the top. Gave it 
Strange odor. This grill pan heats relatively evenly, and is large enough to accomodate four slices of bread, allowing for the preparation of two sandwiches simultaneously. It leaves nice grill 
Melted the first time I used it. I see now that it s rated to 250 degrees, though that s not written on the package. The first time I used 
Misfit topper. The decanter s pretty, the wine topper is okay. However, the picture is misleading. These two items are clearly not meant to be paired. The topper does not 
Don t waste your money. Bought for my wife and it is usless. Short battery life and poor suction. A total waste of money  
BE WARNED. I purchased this to replace the filter on my 04163 unit and although the description and box say it is compatible with this unit, it was the wrong 
BAD FIT. I purchased this item thinking it would be great for my 5 yr old s room. He has a 19 inch TV VCR DVD combo that will not 
weak coffee; brews too fast. I agree that this coffee maker brews coffee too fast. For 6 cups of coffee I need to use 6 heaping tbsp of coffee, where 
Bark Control. I set it up for my dogs because they bark whenever they hear a noise or if someone rings bell, I have 3 dogs, I put it on 
The glasses were ok ... but our package only had 5 glasses, not 6. The glasses were ok, but not great, for Bordeaux and other red wines. Additionally, only 5 
Good Idea... Bad Execution. I was really excited when I received this for Christmas and was looking forward to using this. However I was very unhappy when I took out 
Sick!~. Feeling sick already just by looking at this! Not a very funny joke! Don t believer in fung-shuei, but this is just not a good luck symbol for any 
High price, low quality. Why do most of us buy sharper image? Most of the times their products work well, and they look great.This heater looked great in the picture. 
Usless. If you read between the lines on the other reviews here, I think you ll see that everyone thinks this thing is junk. And their right!!! No matter how 
DO NOT BUY. I previously reviewed this product and had nothing but great things to say about it. My opinion has now changed, after owning it for a few months 
Time ran out on this clock. Compact design but cheap materials. A vital piece of plastic came off when I set it down on the bedstand. Another exhibit in the 
Lasts only two months on average. I ve gone through so many of these that I have lost count. For someone like myself who reads every night for at least 
And a 1 is being generous. Everything everyone said about this is true. I wish there had been reviews before I bought this thing. I think giving it one star 
My continuing crusade against gizmos:. There are a lot of theoretically good ideas that fail when executed. This is one of them. 1 QUALITY:It s made cheaply, and even before 
Disappointed. I had read the other reviews and thought I had found the perfect solution for my microwave. I followed the directions, but to no avail, it sits there lifeless 
doesn t live up to the hype. My dog 80 lbs. liked this toy when it contained a treat but within a week it was beginning to come apart so 
BOO Thumbs Down. I am usually very happy with Hilfiger Home products. Well, these towels are run of the mill discount linen store quality. There is nothing luxurious about them 
Tend Skin President Is An Angry Man!. Do me a favor jerkwad...DON T use my trademark to sell your product. Let me worry about the rest of the thieves like 
Not quite what I wanted and scratched too!. The pan came with a small scratch in the center. I have used it once and it worked pretty well and cleaned 
Product not the same as the picture. The Calphalon roux whisk is a flat whisk, not a full whisk as pictured. I was very disappointed when it arrived. It is 
Not thrilled. The plates were warped and the color was off from the original set  
OSTER 4 SLICE TOASTER OVEN. PACKAGE ARRIVED QUICKLY.OVEN LOOKS REALLY NICE.OVEN BURNS TOAST EVEN ON LOWEST SETTINGS!  
THANK GOD I AM NOT ALONE!!!!. OK, so I thought I was crazy, not being able to make a decent meal with my crockpot. People were making fun of me, 
Not so great for oatmeal. I ve been using this for oatmeal, and it doesn t work that great. I like to use 1 2 cup oatmeal with 1 cup 
What a lousy idea. for a cookware? I bought the wok and a sauce pan because they looked so beautiful on display. Nothing wrong with the interior, it works like 
Rust and Discoloration. You re definitely getting what you pay for when you buy this. Even though I made sure to wash them right away and thoroughly dry them, these 
Avoid, horrendous piece of junk. First item came with the LCD display scratched UNDER the protective film from the factory. Yes from the factory. Put a battery and it ran 
One Star just because it is attractive. I got this baby home and plugged it in. The indicator light for the smaller burner did not light up. It was apparently 
Very Poor Performer. Heats quickly but puts out only small amount of steam. Need to move VERY SLOWLY IF AT ALL to get out wrinkles. Then had to wait every 
Waste of time!!!. I purchased this machine from an on-line vendor in November 2005 and immediately the bobbin casing cracked. After 4 months of run around I finally found a 
It s just okay, overpriced. I have not had a good pillow in a long time. I wouldn t pay upwards of fifty dollars for a pillow. But I gave 
Very poor quality. After using this product and finding it totally unsatisfactory, I checked this site to see how others rated it, just in case our bad experience was unusual 
It Leaks. I read the reviews and was sure that I d found the perfect honey dispenser. But, after a while, it leaks. They all leak. I am stuck no 
Fatal Problems, Indeed!. After using an opener of the same design, and buying a similar one for a gift, I decided to try the Insta-Pull brand. I wish I hadn 
3 Defective Broken Machines in a Row!! Stay Away. After using an inexpensive Krups machine for 2 years, my wife gave in and we agreed to buy this Delonghi EC701. 
Honestly... A bottle of Tarn-X worked so much better and faster.Just use scratch-free sponges for general cleaning, and when the copper gets dingy a damp cloth of Tarn-X worked in 
Disapointed to say the least. I also have this fountian in black. I get a orange slime on my filter and the white residue on the slide part. I agree 
Save your money- buy a better quality. The quality of this isnt great- the sound of the waterproof material is loud. I dont like the side material and think it 
messy EC-505. I find that this unit spatters and sputters terribly when I make quantities of rice measuring 3 cups dry or more. It is a 10 cup cooked unit 
Neat looking...and that s all. Seriously, for as good as their mixers are, their knives are really, really disappointing. Flimsy, dull, easily bent and broken. Within the first week of 
This can t even grind pre-ground hamburger!. This product is terrible. It s the only thing that I ve ever returned to Amazon because it simply dosen t work.I bought 
False hopes. I bought this as a gift for my sister and her husband. When we opened it, it looked or seemed like a table cloth. It was perfect rectangle. 
Unless you want to be a Kricket Wrangler ... I bought this item to house my crickets for my hungry beardies and panther chameleon. Unfortunately though crickets CAN and DO 
sits in drawer doing nothing. Yes, it sits in my drawer and that s all, it s only useful if you have a real dread of trace garlic aroma on 
extreme lint. I was very upset with these sheets and how much lint is STILL coming off. It totally clogged my dryer. I have washed them 3 times and I 
One look and back it goes -. Nice concept, bad execution. This doesn t look like it would make a clean cut through any type of cheese. I d rather 
Luke Warm. Like everything in the world, this coffee maker is lawyer approved. In other words it does not get hot enough to cause any harm. Unfortunately one minute after 
no holes. The outside ring works well but the inside ring leaves an incomplete cut. It appears that the two rings are not at the same level leaving no way 
Cheaply made, AllergyBeGone is a bad seller. Although a filter is a simple item, it just felt like this thing is even cheaper than it needs to be quality-wise . 
Not worth the money!!!!!. These sheets are aweful. They are so wrinkly and stiff. I should have listened to all of the other reviewers when they said the same thing. 
Manufacturer s Warranty. Anyone with any rust issues should contact Henckels from their website and get a replacement. The blades are guaranteed to be rust free. Don t mention the 
Waste Of Money. When I received this item I immediatley knew that something would be wrong.The box it was packaged in and delivered in was open and torn up.Not open 
Waste of money. Like almost everyone has said in the reviews, their animals might play with the beam for a minute or two then never play with it again. I 
Hilfer Cotton Sheets. If I could have given this a ZERO rating, I would have. I bought these sheets because they were deep pocket sheets. They have shrunk and no 
It s NOT stainless-stell. I think the machine was great at first. It s fast and eficient, but if you have more than 5 lb.of meat to grind and you 
Disappointing sheets. The Rainbow 600 count Egyptian sheets were so irregular that the seams on the pillowcases were not square. I returned them  
looks nice.. NOT PRACTICAL... just a gadget. Attachment to the kitchen faucet is very suspect. Plastic parts do not make for a sure fit. IF YOU EVER RUN HOT WATER 
neither a good toaster or a good microwave. The concept is brilliant and I really wish I could say that this unit is a good combination toaster microwave because I 
Too Rough. The sheets are disappointing, because they are too rough and scratchy. No matter how many times you wash and use softener, they don t soften up. They are 
HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE. It worked great the first time, but the second time it was absolutely no good. The cap seized after the second use and the whole unit turned 
disappointment. This toaster disappointed. Overprized and does not live up to the KitchenAid name. Toasting is uneven and edges burn easy. I still regret ever buying it  
Extremely Disappointed. I was very hesitant to spend close to 160 on a single fry pan, but I had heard so many good things about All-Clad and thought it would 
Cuisinart Crapfest. The Grind-n-Brew is for you if you literally have nothing else to do but make coffee, and you enjoy getting dirty. If you are a negative person, and 
Way Too Large. Buyer beware. I m a Kitchenaid fan but these tools, while sturdy and elegant, are much too large for normal kitchen pots and pans. The slotted turner 
So disappointed in Henckels. I have owned and enjoyed and recommended Henckels knives for years; naturally, when I needed high quality steak knives, I went to them first. I have 
Worst grinder I ve ever used. --and I ve used a LOT of grinders. VERY badly designed, and the custom thing is a gimmick and a sham: it s a 
Dead Flowers. Sent flowers to my father s girlfriend in Florida for her birthday. Flowers were left on the porch to die in the hot Florida sun. My father tried 
TINY Bookstand. After reading several reviews, I only read one that was negative. I concurred that perhaps one person just had different needs. Well, as soon as I opened the 
Overpriced. This item is really overprice for a piece of wood with slots.Cheaply made in China. You can buy the 19 slot version for 39.95 on Amazon  
Poor Design. Evidently the people at Krups didn t try this coffeemaker before they put it on the market. The caraffe is hard to take out and put back in. 
Not Durable. I m currently looking for another crate pan for my dogs wire Midwest crate. The plastic pan is not durable at all. The first crack appeared when my 
Rigal GR250 Griddle. I would not recommend buying this griddle...the non-stick surface burned through the first time I used it making pancakes at 375 degrees...I tried treating the surface again 
Product 5 STARS, Packing -3 STARS, Hassle -1 STAR. Great looking set if they could arrive here without being broken. Amazon, how can you continue to ship these out to 
Disapointed with KitchenAid. The toaster does not seem to cool well between repeated toasting cycles only 2-3 . With the heat control kept the same, the second toasting is much 
CHEAP PRICED, CHEAP QUALITY. I DON T KNOW IF IT S BROKEN, BUT THE MACHINE DOES NOT STEAM THE MILK AT ALL. IT ONLY GIVES ME A FEW SECINDS OF 
Waste of money..... This single burner lasted almost 8 weeks until it completely stopped working. It took a long, long time to heat up and I wished I had returned 
Categorically wrong. I am very disappointed in this blanket--though some could be considered my fault. I searched soley for Electric blankets and when this came up over and over, I 
Not loud enough to get your attention. I have sold a number of this style timer made by KitchenAid in Pink , Black and White. Almost every buyer complained. All 
Not Good. My hot coffee turned lukewarm 10 minutes after I poured it.Retained odors. I am currently looking for a replacement  
unhappy. I canceled my order after 3 shipments of the wrong color. The shipping documents stated red but you consistantly shipped white. It is hard to be happy with a 
useless. The 2nd time I used this item the springs popped out and it was thrown away. Since then I have purchased 2 different ones and the same has happened. 
Two purchased, two defective and returned. Purchased the item, arrived defective, replacement was also defective  
Beware Chicagoans. I purchased this product in November 2003 and still have not had it installed. The customer service is horrible. I had questions and had a very difficult time 
Does not live up to its image. I recently bought the Dyson Complete specifically because it has this attachment. With 3 indoor cats and a cat allergy, I needed something 
not heavy weight at all. I was disappointed in this towel set advertised as heavyweight. It looked to be WalMart type quality. I would have been better off buyingfrom Linens 
they don t function. i hated these shakers. i got them as a gift and 1. they are too big and take up too much space and 2. the rubber 
Very deceptive listing. I wish I had read the other review before I bought this item. The listing is very deceptive on all of these strainer products as they indicate 
Fantastic. Don t buy this fan, unless you can put up with noise it will make on high speed. Also, if it has green lights like my blizzard fan did 
UGLY. This is an ugly looking Made in China Japanese item. The finish is not up to the mark. Go for other models which are made in Japan for looks 
Not a good as I d hoped. The light output of this device is inadequate for reading at night. It would have been better with three for four LEDs  
Delivery ruined bookcase. What was to be the perfect bookcase for the space came in a box that was battered and torn. It looked as if it had been dropped 
Cute but not too durable. I liked this cute little tag when I got it, though I can t speak to its reflectiveness as I never let my puppy out 
hmmm...wonder why the return policy is limited to 60 days?. because just around the 60 day mark, the chime turned into a terrible noise like something dying. I just turned 
leaky, unstable steamer. It looks fancy in the picture. The panel is actually hard to read. The steam penetrates through the panel and thus make it blurry and leaks steams 
Cheap product. I had these canisters for a few months in my kitchen, then they started wearing - pitting, staining, - the finish simply wore off. They do not seal 
You get what you pay for!. I was looking for a set of steak knives and came across the infomercial one night. It sounded great and much cheaper then the 
No Good. NOT a good light. The light is already fading and I don t use it very often. Very disappointed  
Dog interested in noise, not detered from barking. My beagle 13 mo. cocks her head showing that she hears something with a slight pause in the barking process but does 
hate it. i got this fryer only yesterday i fryed some chicken wings and french fries the fries came out with so much oil and cooked for 10 min for 
poor range. Did not work right out of the box. The heating elements did not get hot. So I had to return it otherwise I would be throwing money away. 
get a rolled pad, not a folded one. I bought two of these pads: one 8x10 and one 10x14 or so . They were billed as premium rug pads by 
PLEASE READ Before you buy this item. Your Steam Fast will rest EXACTLY 2 ft 3 inches from the ground. This stand cannot change height so it is meant to 
buy a different brand - 1 star is too many for this one. Dogs and cats react only because the sound is novel to them. The device I received and 
Bed Sheets. I didn t like these sheets, because you have to put them inside of the matress I do like their softness though, but they are very hard to 
extra light weight. I should have read the other review more closely. This is a good blanket for HOT summer nights! I believe it is too light for cold winter 
Too Good to be True. So far, I have tried two of these units. The first one did not cool at all, and the second one stablizes at a temperature 
waste of money. I have used my Movietime Popcorn Popper and well, I wish I could send it back. First the instruction manul claims that it pops more kernels that 
A disappointment of so called Egyptian Cotton from Elegance. Purchased a set of the 400-Thread-Count Egyptian Cotton Sateen Queen Sheet Set, Ivory color before the end of 2005 at the 
Do not buy this. This canister will crack and stop sealing with in weeks of purchase. I tried to get the mfg. to honor their warranty. I am speach impaired 
Spiegalau Wine Glasses. Of the three boxes I ordered, over 35 arrived broken. When Amazon replaced the broken glasses, the new box arrived with 2 of 6 glasses broken  
Worked great.........at first. Was happy with this toaster until I had it for about 4 months.At that time the lever started acting up by not staying down.Sometimes it worked other 
Nice Unit But.... The Rival Slicer Model 1060C is a generally well designed unit. I say generally because there appears, in my unqualified opinion, to be one major design and 
Doesn t fit. The 3 quart steamer does not fit in the 3 quart pan  
Plastic Junk. This item sucks, got it, broke second time I tried using it. Simply do not buy this overpriced piece of plastic  
VERY Poorly Made. Reasons:1. Faulty battery cover design. The battery cover comes off time I remove the timer from a metal surface.2. The protective glass is cloudy - making the 
Don t Do It! Turn back now!. The brugo mug is a hyped piece of junk. The tip and cool feature on mine doesn t even work when you select 
Don t Waste Your Money. This cart fell apart after 2 outings. You can purchase a similar cart for 10 w o the organizer . See if you can purchase 
Save your money- buy a better quality. The quality of this isnt great- the sound of the waterproof material is loud. I dont like the side material and think it 
Nice at first but rusts away very easy. Bought this knife set 3 months ago. It was beautiful with unique patterns on the blade and very sharp. But within few 
There is a product recall. I received this message direct from the ManufacturerThe DVH is subject to our Heater Recall that was announced last year Aug 3, 2004. and should 
Re-consider. I returned the HCH4051 I got to go under my desk. It was a handy size, and I could probably have dealt with the rather high noise level, but 
Piece of junk. This is a piece of junk!!!! The beater inside broke while making the first batch of ice cream and the ice cream hadn t even frozen totally 
DO NOT BUY THIS. I bought this item because other comforters from this seller had good reviews, but it was a complete mistake! It really was dingy like described by 
Dogs will pay attention to this..but.. it requires effort from owners. Bought this to help control our Sheltie s barking behavior. When we first tried it, he would stop and 
Poor Quality. I ordered this teapot because at the time it came with a free tea infuser. When it arrived, the teapot was broken, with a large section missing from 
Not happy with this sweeper. Pros: Lite-weight, easy to use, long battery life.Cons: Cat hair gets wrapped up into the coils and is difficult to clean out. Does not pick 
Poor Ergonomics. The unit works well. Nevertheless, it is poorly designed. I don t mean that it doesn t look good-it s really beautiful. The problem arises when filling refilling 
Burned out quickly. Lasted less than a year.  
MIRACLEWARE POPCORN POPPER IS A DUD. This item arrived in perfect condition, and after following the directions on priming the Miracleware Popcorn Popper, I made my first batch of which 
Didn t last long. It was kinda hard to use and after about 6 months it just stopped even though I always kept it charged. Since this is the type 
Henckels Twin Pro S-8-Inch Chef s Knife w Hollow Edge. The knife is constructed well - as pictured - does not cut very well. It just was not very sharp. 
very disappointing product. We have used a Cuisinart for about 25 years! It is getting worn out and parts are not available to make it like new. The Kitchenaid looks 
Blender died on 3rd use. I gave this blender to my adult son for Christmas after I had spent several hours researching different blenders on the internet. He used the 
Does not work. I ll start with - I know how to sharpen knives. I purchased the Knive Care Kit to take care of my Wsthof collection and I now 
PIECE of JUNK !. Junk, junk, junk.Thank heavens Amazon has such wonderful customer service.Myself as well as one of my friends purchased this so called food processor. We felt we 
product bites. Got the scale and it looked pretty nice but it wouldn t zero so I sent it back for a refund.It was refunded quickly bit was charged 3 
Royal Albert Rose Cameo Collectible Teacup, Green. This teacup has a beautiful design, but I was very disappointed when I received it. The cup and saucer were much thicker than 
Too hard to pull. I received this as a gift. I does not compare to the Lever Pull in any way shape or form. It takes tremendous amounts of strength 
Fun for a dumb cat. I have a kitten I can t keep up with and thought this would be a great idea. Wrong, he figured it out and lost 
Not a winner. First off, this machine LOOKS great. But unfortunately, that s where the attraction ends. You see, I too used a little Krups 45 espresso machine for years. 
Strange deposits and other malfunctions. We bought this stand mixer in September 2006, and from the first time we used it we noticed a silvery-gray deposit on the batter when 
Form did not follow function. Great humidifier, noise not a problem, keep it clean and it will perform well. BUT, the water tank is removable for filling and thats where 
Not As Shown On Picture. My cat plays with the toy, but it is not what s advertised on the picture. What I received is a cheaper, smaller version, which 
Very expensive and unreliable. This is a very expensive item for what it is - a pump and a bucket! It also has a few serious disadvantages:1 It circulates dirty 
I disagree with Jackie on this one! Stay Away from Cerama Bryte!. I bought Cerama Bryte and their Stainless Steel Cleaner with all the gadgets and bought in bulk 6 
Disappointed dishwasher. I bought this exact same dish rack from another company ... . I liked this dish rack for the stainless quality and for looks. I was very disappointed 
No sir, I don t like it. The lowest setting is too dark for my taste when making toast. Enough said.  
What size is the damned thing?. There is no way of knowing from the description what size pot this will fit on  
Not impressed. I read all of the great reviews that this product had, but I encountered nothing but problems. First, the pieces it came with did not fit my tank. 
A Big Disappointment. We ordered one of these from Amazon, but when they were out of stock for several weeks, we decided to get it elsewhere. We kept it for 
Junk?. I bought one of these and it didn t work when it arrived so I returned it for another one, which in turn did not work when it arrived. 
Bad buy. the product came with a broken cord. Sending it back would cost the price of shipping so I just took the fall. Do not bu  
Didn t Last Past Three Months. I was sooo excited to get a toaster oven combination but was ultimately soooo disappointed that this product did not last past 3 months! 
Not impressed. I was extremely disappointed by the size of this item. It is for an individual serving. I would not purchase this item again, never. Also felt the color 
got 2--neither one works!. We ordered 2 of these wafflemakers.One for a present for my daughter in college. It never worked from day one. The second one worked for 2 
Looks better than it works. Looks super cool, right?With bag cleaners, all you have to do is remove the bag and put in a new one. With this, you have 
Dead on Arrival!! Does Breville have quality control?. I was so pleased with the workmanship of this product when I opened it up. It had everything I was looking for, 
cannot boil water; useless. This does not get hot enough to boil water no matter how long I leave it on . Makes it useless. Why bother with a burner 
you get what you pay for. It s fairly cheap looking, but it does the job. The razor holders cannot hold my Gillette Mach III Turbo razor, it slips out 
Wrong size. Ordered King size but received Queen size. The hassle of returning isn t worth it since I am disabled and live in a rural area  
Krups replacement carafe. Just the right one for my coffee maker. I like the shape of the carafe  
Looks can be deceiving. I ordered this kettle specifically to avoid heating up water in plastic. However, this kettle emitted a foul chemical odor that also transferred to the water. 
Smelly plastic. I thought this was a neat idea but silicone in the oven is not. Our house smelled like plastic 15 minutes into baking a cake in one of 
Close to Garbage!. I got them free with purchase of Wamsutta sheets. These blankets are of really cheap quality. Thin, mesh-like texture. Threads get loose at the ends. Leaving traces 
Great idea but...... My wife loves for me to make her an Egg McMuffin kind of sandwich, except with egg whites only, and on a bagel, and with Virginia ham 
does not hold 20oz. Much smaller than it appears. Does not hold 20oz. I gave it away for christmas, instead wishing for one of those old 32oz Aladdin coffee mugs 
Worst Product I Ever Bought. I have owned a Roomba for several years, and have been very pleased with its performance, so I was very excited to purchase the Scooba. 
disappointed. I wanted to love this toaster, I really did, I read all the reviews and was convinced that this would be a great working, long lasting toaster. I bit 
PRODUCT DID NOT MEET EXPECTATIONS. My fiance and I purchased this item thinking it would make a great addition to our room. The pictures looked great. As it turns out, 
Don t bother. This is a 30 ice crusher whose instructions advise inserting just one cube at a time. Even at that ludicrous rate, the machine occasionally jammed. I threw 
Pretty but questionable accuracy. This is an all-metal exterior scale that operates through a spring loaded bowl that pushes on a metal lever that is geared to the indicator. The 
Impressa S7. Although I have used this model before and have all good results, the one I bought for Christmas did not work. Jura Capresso states that they test their 
Leaky Cow. I have the same problem as Sillygal00 - The spout doesn t pour cleanly and water ends up all over the stove! . I m returning it  
Furminator instead. The way the brush is situated on the handle makes this brush difficult to use. I would get the Furminator instead, it has the same deshedding edge but 
Black & Decker GR 100. I also hate this griddle! It has a very poor non-stick surface. I keep hoping it ll season, but after 3 months I m giving 
Don t Expect to Love this. What a great idea: a spice rack that you can hang next to your kitchen work area that won t be in the way. 
Good, but horrendously expensive. I will give one thing to the Litter Locker: it works, and works well. Odor is controlled better than any other system that I have tried. 
Not bad for the price. I bought this to avoid buing and expensive mandoline to make my sweet potato fries. What I leared is... the sweet potatoes are too hard 
Should work right out of the box ... but don t hold your breath. I ordered the Scooba thinking that this would be a great Christmas gimmick for the family. 
SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!!. Finally, when it actually WAS over a year since I had received the coffeemaker, when I called to check on the status of my warranty claim, they 
Poorly Designed Product. I bought 3 of these to monitor my invalid mom and they don t work well. The manual is not thorough, but it does tell you AFTER 
One bad apple!. If you want something that looks like an apple, I suggest you buy a real apple.If you want a kitchen timer, something that reminds you when the 
Too flimsy! Light also not that bright. Being somewhat of an insomniac I read well into the hours of the night and a book light is essential to me. I 
Still Waiting. After my brother-in-law and I found out how great mojitos taste, I ordered this muddler in the begining of September 2006.It is now December 19th and all the 
broken liner. I ve been using a model 199 coffee maker for about 2 years. First carafe lasted about a year. Second lasted a little less. I m just starting 
If manufacturing was better I would have rated 5 stars!. This is a nice looking table for the price but my husband had a heck of a time putting on 
Amortize it quickly, it failed after 2 uses. I was given the fryer as Christmas gift. We used it twice - worked perfectly, great features - pretty idotic proof in 
leaky faucet. I ve had several of these; the spout in time will leak. If you don t mind a leaky spout this is a great product  
This thing sucks. Yeah, this thing is a peice of junk. Its made out of extremely cheap card board. Ignore the lies in the product description that say it s 
Coffee Mug not so great. I ordered two based on the description that the mug keeps the coffee hot and that it is spill proof. The coffee barely comes out 
Not good for candy!. I bought two of these; one for me and one for a gift. I used it immediately to make English toffee. The temperature never registered above 
Pinzon 16-Piece Rooster Dinnerware Set, Service for 4. I loved the pattern but when I received them there were several broken coffee cups. I was told I needed to receive 
HOT HOT HOT. I like many others have had major issues with this crock pot burning everything I make. I lent it to my sister in law for Christmas, ahe 
Wireless Intercom. The unit did not recieve or transmit half the distance that was reported across a flat surface. 100ft. would be pushing it  
Too small and awkward. While cute, this little pan is difficult to use. There s no room to use a spatula, so you d better like the eggs cooked through 
didn t wear very well. They looked great for the first few months. But any hint of moisture on the bottoms made them lose their finish. The typical grease splatters 
In the running for worst teapot ever... Yes, it is pretty. No, it is not a good teapot. I have made tea for over 40 years, in all sorts of 
great for the first month. I love to cook and a good knife will facilitate your cooking experience. The first time I used the miracle blade knives I was amazed 
Very disappointing. Much thinner and cheaper metal than I thought Revereware would ever produce. I m very surprised and disappointed in how cheap and poorly it is made. Very thin 
Don t buy Hamilton Beach products. We purchased a Hamilton Beach cool mist humidifier for our daughter. We go through one filter month. The filters are not sold in any 
Seriously disappointed. I gave these one star because I had to. These sheets are garbage. The colors will wash out after the first washing. My blue sheets now have big 
Pretty, but not tough enough... We ve had this set for about 3 years and after about a year they began to chip and or crack. They are beautiful and 
Worked for 5 minutes!. Heavy machine, looked durable, almost commercial. Put her together and began. Within 5 MINUTES of use the belt for the rotating brush burned up and the 
I don t recommend this Kitchen Range. I really do not understand all the fuss about this range,I can only assume that because these rather silly pots and pans have 
Hot, bitter, dirty, brown water Maker. Just picked up this thing from a shelf on a WAL at a local super MART for 19.88. I brewed a couple cups of 
No Thanks. I bought this timer for my fish tank light. For the first couple of months, i had no problems with it, but recently, i ve noticed QUITE frequently 
Sad bed. This bed was small-not for the size dog they recomended-and very flimsy. I could feel the tile floor through the bottom of the bed easily. The sides of 
Great - when the unit still works. I ve been through FOUR of these expensive units. They work great on my Great Pyrenees dog. At least they work for awhile. 
First Alert Support Horrible. This is a fine product, but when it malfunctions, First Alert is very hard to get a hold of and requires a lot of documentation to 
Waste of money. Had these pillows for 6 months, finally drained them and threw them out. You don t realize that once you fill them with water how heavy they 
extra light weight. I should have read the other review more closely. This is a good blanket for HOT summer nights! I believe it is too light for cold winter 
Look for better. Even though I am a fan of the Calphalon cutlery line I really think they beat the pants off of the German competition , this block leaves 
Do not buy. The thermometer of this heater is completely messed up. It does not measure the room temperature, but the temperature of the air that has just been heated 
Doesn t work. Hard to impossible to clean. Creates a stream of oil rather than a spray. I found it impossible to completely clean the internal parts, causing the oil 
Poor and Inconsistent Grinding. Unless you love the look of this pepper grinder, I d suggest you look elsewhere. When compared to a generic grinder, this product produces inferior and 
Nice Look, Not so Nice Features. 1. Knobs fell off within a few weeks. Nice appearance but very cheaply made.2. Replacement knobs are on backorder for 4 weeks, apparently, it 
Have a big dog? Not worth the Money!. I have two Great Danes who love chew-treat toys. Especially KONG. I brought the Everlasting Treat Balls Home and they both were 
Picks up lint. I thought this would be a good deal but the material for this set picks up dust and lint way too easily. Other wise it looks ok 
Not sure if mine was defective, or if item is simply subpar. I purchased this reconditioned item primarily to toast English Muffins, which I eat regularly. Strangely, I had to 
Uses Twice as Much Coffee as a French Press. See other reviews for a description of overall performance and cleaning. Cool design, but overpriced and requires the use of nearly 
If less than a star were an option I d have used it. I ve never felt so ripped off by what I thought was a reputable company in my 
Huge rip-off only one collar for this item . Advertising is VERY misleading for this item. Picture and description make it look like you are getting five collars, but when 
tiny fingers, big noses. Yes, these are lovely glasses...BUT. The big bowl certainly develops the wine s nose, but my own nose presses against the rim only 2.25 inches in 
Leaks and had to get another one. Had major problems with it leaking and ended up having to get another different brand . I was shocked and a upset because 
Probably not suitable for household use... As other reviewers had pointed out, you have to clean this vacuum pretty often. The vacuum is not good at handling lint and small 
The Mystery Is Solved. My family drinks a lot of coffee.We usually brew 3-4 pots a day,so any coffee maker gets a workout.We have gone through a lot of pots, 
Poor Design. The design is such that when you pour out liquid, some of it seeps into the space between the outer plastic and the vacuum glass container. Then, when 
agree with others it doesn t work. tried making some hard candy and it started to caramelize at the 230F point - not good! i m going to buy another 
New meaning to the term thin !. Description of the comforter does point out that it is lightweight that would be an understatement. More like a poor quality sheet with 
good looking but not so good. I bought these a couple months ago. they are a very good looking set of bottle stoppers but it has only been a couple 
MISLEADING DESCRIPTION!. Please be advised that the description provided herein is misleading - they claim to measure within 0.1 oz increments, when in reality there is no decimal reading on 
Hate it. Easily overheatsShreds badlyDoesn t really chop iceSUPER LOUDI returned min  
poor substitute for original PATTON high velocity. Back in the mid 1980 s I bought a Patton 14 inch high velocity fan; although this fan i am reviewing uses the 
Not a good purchase!. After ordering I was very disappointed! I will be sending these back ASAP! I can picture one of my small kids hurting themselves on the sharp 
Sating pillowcases. they are a lovely color, but I don t like the fact they aren t zippered. They slip off constantly  
Doesn t keep my yappy Cairn from barking... He just looks away from where the spray emits--and barks again!It also doesn t work 100 of the time...and we re not 
Great idea - poorly executed. The price seemed great and I really liked the modern look. When I took it out of the box got disappointed by how cheap everything 
breaks easily. The frother works well as others have said. Unfortunately, it broke very easily when I dropped it into the sink while cleaning. I ve only had it 3 
In a word....TERRIBLE!. My parents have a set of Chicago cutlery that they got for their wedding decades ago, and it s still a great set for them. I bought 
MISLEADING. THE 8 AND 10 INCH FRYING PANS ARE NOT 8 AND 10 INCHES, THEY ARE IN FACT 7 1 4 AND 9 1 4 . WILL NOT BE MISLEAD 
Good in principle. First of all the item is too small. it is about 1 3 the lenght of a pair pants and 1 3 as wide. So as you 
Piece of junk. I have three cats and I own the Litter Mate fully automatic litter box already. I bought this as a second litter box because it was all 
Pleased at first, only to be sorely dissappointed. I have owned this vacuum for 2 years. It was great at first. Now, with a 3 level house, it is heavy 
Beware-great idea just not user friendly!. My first one failed in 5 weeks. The clock would reset to three dashes after brewing a pot of coffee. It was replaced with 
DOESN T HOLD CHARGE. MY 5 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER LOVES THIS VACUUM THE ONLY PROBLE IT DOESN T HOLD A CHARGE I CHARGE IT OVER NIGHT AND MAYBE LASTS 15 
Defective Product. I had just purchased the humidifier and followed all instructions to set up the system. After running for 15 seconds, the machine s reset button started to blink, 
party only. this item is good for a party setting, not for small gatherings. The quantities you must mix are large 1 gallon at a time because otherwise the machine 
Look elsewhere. This thing couldn t even penetrate a large can and skipped about on a small can. This is going back to Amazon even though I have to eat 
Broken, not packaged well. The fiestaware is nice of course, but the item was not packed as well as the other 7 sets I recieved and as a result, was 
Rival No Customer Service. I recieved one of these for Christmas, I would love to tell you how it works.....but it is missing a plastic piece. Now to be fair, 
DIDN T LAST LONG. I m giving up on coffee grinders. I had to buy this thing, which didn t last long enough to grind the 39oz. bag of Eight 
Broke after one use. Beautiful looking but the quality is sub-par to say the least. I had bought this piece along with two bowls which had plastic lids. This one 
a big mistake. i tried this thermal coffee press - delighted to see it was 1 2 the price of other thermal coffee presses - but in this instant you 
Don t bother with this model. Read the description carefully. It states the speaker range is 50 not the microphone. My dog stood 10 away from it and even with 
Biggest Scam ever. These products are the biggest scam ever. They make it seem so easy in Meet the Fockers. However, even if you happen to reach the final stage, 
drawer has no bottom?. too bad the description did not state this was a bottomless drawer, if it had i wouldn t have gone to 4 stores looking for it--finally 
T-Fal is T-Bad. I decided to upgrade and spend more on a toaster, too. First one did not work properly - one of the wires that holds the toast in 
Nice Concept Poor Performance. I have had nothing but problems with the way this mug seals. The threads are insufficient when it comes to securing the lid in place. Many 
Everlasting Treats - Wrong size. I ordered the product and thought I was getting the large size. I called the shipper, no returned calls and I can t really use 
Not Sateen!. Even though it says that these are Sateen, they are not. I sent them back because they weren t and could find no indication that they were. For 
18 months to failure. We have owned one of these for 18 months. It has never done a great job of blending our fruit smoothies, but my wife wanted it 
Great look, if that s all you want. I gave this toaster a 2 star rating because it does look great, which bumped it from one star. However, from day 
Shame on Henckels. Beware, these scissors are low quality, not what you would expect from Henckels. They are manufactured in Korea and China with cheap, uncomfortable plastic handles. I own 
Not what I expected. I thought this would help soften our very firm mattress, it worked for maybe 5 minutes then I was sleeping in a hole... Your body just 
Neanderthals Designed This BBQ. Robust construction throughout, but really lacks some subtle niceties that are found in less expensive BBQs. There s only two grill height settings and you cant 
Flimsy. Does not sharpen particularly well. Furthermore, the cheap, flimsy plastic cover constantly comes off when you drag the knife through.Definitely not recommended  
The shortest life!. Everything negative that is in all the other writen ratings are very true. I had this coffeemaker for 3 months and impressive to look at but horrible 
Ripoff. These glasses sold for 23.99 on Amazon only days ago. Now they ve jacked the price up by 10. What a ripoff! I ll never shop Amazon again!!  
HOOVER FLAIR CLEANER WITH POWER NOZZLE. This is by far the worst hoover cleaner I have ever owned and I have had many over a long time span. After ten 
Not impressed. This foil cutter requires more effort a stronger squeeze than it really ought to, and too much turning. The built-in foil cutter on my Boomerang brand waiter s 
The Handle is Quality, but the Whisk...?. It s weird. The handle is so nicely designed with rubbery grips and that handsome Emeril logo, then you have the whisk part 
Table top missing, base only arrive and it was broken. The base arrived broken. The box was marked 2 of 2. I did not recieve 1 of 2. I have 
I could have done a better job with a straw. This vac is an absolute hunk o Junk!1 It over heats and turns itself off after only 10 minutes of 
NOT Ultra Quiet . I see other reviews to the contrary, but the one we got was FAR from silent. The other attributes of this pet drinking fountain appear to 
Gaggia Espresso Machine-. The machine works as advertised but I was very dissapointed in the quality of construction. While I fully understood that the machine was constructed of plastic and 
Zax mixing bowl set. I received my bowls today and was very disappointed. How bowls this size can be referred to as mixing bowls I cannot fathom. Neither do I 
NOT Scientific -- NOT a Positive Training Tool. Before you buy into the hype and purchase an item you ll eventually discard if you love your dog, that is you 
my own fault... for not shopping around. it is easier to take things back to a local retailer if you think something is wrong with a product. i believe the 
Bad Choice. Unfortunately, I didn t read the other review prior to purchase, but I agree 100 - sheets are NOT soft, instead they are rough!! NO WAY can these 
It would have been so easy for them to do much better!. This cooker makes wonderful rice. I don t find it especially slow--slightly slower than cooking on the stove, 
Not reliable. My second Aeroccino is now not working. The first one just completely died and this one will only stay on for a couple of seconds before turning off. 
This heater is terrible compared to 2 Vornados I bought 5 yrs ago. The written description of this heater led me to believe that it would perform like the 2 
QUALITY NOT WHAT EXPECTED. THE LARGE FRY PAN NOT NON STICK, NOT MATTER WHAT YOU COOK IN IT, STICKS  
Too much type, substandard product, too high a price. Does not keep beverage warm for a long enough time. Construction is cheap and does not deserve the price.  
Poor Customer Service. I received my Granos as a birthday present two years ago. As had already been reported here, the machine is great--when it works. I thought I was 
not worth it. I bought this item along with the bookcase and nightstand for my 8 year old. It has made me rethink ever buying furniture that needs to be 
Need a drip pan to set under entire oven. I bought this oven recently. It is cheaply made but most of the functions do a fair job. All except the 
Janet. Well I guess you get what you pay for, this thing is very hard to put togather, as usual when something is made cheap the screw s never seem 
Works but probably won t last long. After 36 years my all metal corkscrew came apart in my hands. This one is flimsy in comparison and there is no way 
Bad Service. I never received this mixer. I ordered it in good faith and was told it was in stock-what happened? Did you sell it to someone else  
Under counter lights. They take batteries but don t last 15 minutes. They have an ac spot for and adapter but where do you plug a undercounter light in under 
no 3 4 cup or 2 3 cup cups!. We should have thought about it when we ordered, I guess, but this set doesn t include 2 of the most 
Great, but NOT so great!. I used this thermometer for 3 weeks, and fell completely in LOVE with it! It worked great on Chicken, pork loin, steak, everything.... But, like 
Cleans OK, but VERY LOUD and tricky filter. This vacuum cleans reasonably well, but I have a few significant gripes which will prevent me from buying a similar model when 
Stay Away From This!!!!!!. Didn t BLACK & DECKER mean the finest, ruggedest, equipment, one could find??Mine stopped making toast after about a dozen uses, and shortly after, the top 
1 star for A-. mazon. I ordered 4 for xmas dinner, was sent three and they cancelled the 4th one saying the will never get it in. Thanks Amazon  
Correlle Simple Lines Dinnerware from Amazon. I have never received this product. It has been sent to me in 4 separate shipments over the past 3 months and has never 
Guarenteed leakproof lid and drinkproof. Beautiful mug and the coffee stays hot. When they say leakproof lid, however, they really mean it. Even in the open position NOTHING comes out!!! 
Already broken!. Bought this toaster less than two months ago and it s already broken. The control buttons one of the reasons why we bought it are not functioning, neither 
It s Plastic!. I m sending it back immediately. No where in the description of the product did it say it was plastic, and I don t feel I should 
The worse vacuum !!!. I just want to say Please don t buy this vacuum Here is why:1. When I vacuum on hardwood floors, the dirt would shoot out from 
Terrible Product. I think this product is terrible. The first time I put my 40# golden retriever in it she tore through the mesh liner in 1 hour the time 
Dont waste your time unless you like thin cheap looking flatware. Very thin and it does not look as nice as it does on the internet. I dont think it 
doesn t work. I had high hopes from reading reviews on this product, but it has not worked for me. Waste of money  
Broke. We bought three of these machines for a classroom quilt project. They were so poorly made that I am returning all three to buy ONE machine that costs a 
My husband has a FIT with these. These shakers are adorable. Very small and cute... BUT, unless you look closely at them, it s very easy to mix them up. 
One word for this and it starts with S. Come back here and write a review as soon as you get over feeling foolish for not having listened to these 
What a messy thing!. I was disappointed in this product. The butter slid out of the bell and into the water. I think it would be better if the inside 
INCOMPLETE TABLE. The table arrived with only a base and no table top. I am waiting for a response to see why this keeps happening. i am very unsatisfied with 
 Red Stuff WARNING!. Believe it or not there was red stuff inside!!!!!Today I unscrew my Brita Ultra Faucet Filter System . Well, I was shocked to discover that inside 
Piece of Junk. I purchased this when it first came out on the market thought it would be great for just one cup of coffee in the morning. Purchased the 
Horrible. The lids do not seal properly, and everything leaks when you are trying to pour the jello into the molds  
liar. this product did not come with all that was advertised  
Didn t work for me, but your mileage may vary. I bought this device in the hope of eliminating or significantly reducing the noise emanating from my neighbor s mutt. 
very tiny bowls. These are not at all what I was expecting. To me, these are tiny bowls -- they measure 5 1 4 inches across top. [...  
bsrk control collar for small dogs. We bought the PetSafe collar for small dogs who bark entirely too much. It is made of a rigid plastic in a round shape 
Not functional, poor quality... Not functional, bought it as a gift and could not give it after looking at it and trying to put a roll of paper towels on 
ignored the negative reviews. wanted it so bad!. I saw this item in Consumer Reports. Checked it out on Hoovers web-site and had to get it. self cleaning filter! bagless!lifetime 
Not The Same Stemware As Before. These Vino Grande Chardonnay glasses are less in volume and shorter in height than the Spiegeleau stemware previously sold under the same name.  
unreliable, inaccurate. We have one of these... actually two... and they consistently give inconsistent ratings--we couldn t figure out what temp our aquarium was really at, since when the heater 
spend your money on a higher quality kitchen cart. If your looking for kitchen cart then keep looking.The kitchen cart was missing pieces, which the manufaturer took 9 days to 
Not worth it s money. very bad metal quality. Easy oxidize with white patina after every wash. First few grounded peaces always have black color.Not worth buying  
Don t Believe the Hype. Even the Ginsu is sharp and easy to use out of the box--at a fraction of the price. And it, too, has a lifetime guaratee 
Okay for occasion home use, hard to clean, unsanitary. My wife and I do a lot of volunteering catering for the local elementary school. We also direct our school PTA 
Oxo Good Grips Tea Kettle. the tea kettle has a nice shape and the whistle works fine, but the inside of the spout began to rust within the first month. 
Impossible to review. I cannot comment on the product itself because apparently it is not available for sale although it is listed as such. Availability of the item is so 
Not worth anything. These cheap plastic pieces of junk are not worth anything. Avoid them at all cost.  
not what i expected. i expected better durability out of this fan. It died after just 3 months, and had flow problems from day one. I tried contacting Lasko but 
sucks-don t waste your . streaks and scratched the front of my dishwasher. Does a very poor job.  
not Quiet t all. In reality, this humidifier is quite noisy. Even on the lowest speed I have to put it in the farest corner of the house so we 
color matters. If this is in a jade or perhaps brick...other earth colors, let me know. why waste everyone s time with such a lame description  
Good for an Area of 1 x1 . I bought this from Home Depot for 12.59. I was mainly curious what kind of heat I could get out of a 
Might have been good if... The packaging hadn t been so pathetic. The tiny pieces of styrofoam, that failed to cushion the fridge during shipping, led to a fridge that 
Buy with caution. I orinally posted a very sarcastic review of this product, but when I contacted the seller, I was given a full refund. Therefore, I will say they 
retractable leads. The case on one of the leads came apart within about two to three weeks. The other one is still in tack but now I don t trust 
TWO broken carafes. Great coffee, and a convenient size, but the carafes keep breaking on me! I used the original carafe just a few times before it broke. I ordered 
DO NOT BUY!!!. DO NOT BUY - you will have problems with Innova cookware like everybody else does and Innova will not do anything about it!!!INNOVA SELLS FAULTY COOKWARE DOESN 
Bark stop ... NOT. It appears that the Viatek product Bark Stop Pro is related to the Lentek design PC16 ; ASIN: B0002Q89O6 - they are based on a common 
Making toast like an old I Love Lucy episode. Nice looking toaster, makes good toast, but one MAJOR problem that I ve had. When making toast, especially when only making 
Nice idea but........... I thought this pillow would be the answer! Its a great idea but one insert is to flat, two inserts is ok, all three memory foam inserts 
Corroding ring. Not only does the cap not seal, but once the rubber sealing ring that surrounds the cap rips and corrodes off, as it did on mine after 2 
CFF-900 Stainless-Steel Chocolate Fondue Fountain. Aweful. Noisy, did not warm not to mention get hot. Seller should scrap this product  
10 inch Fagor gasket. I was shipped the 12 inch size gasket which does not fit the 10 inch lidand needs to be returned. Please advise as to how I 
A dissapointed buyer. I bought this safe less than six months ago, and here I am, searching for another safe box again.At first, the key was stuck, and after many, 
Does not work nearly as well as the original. After reading the other reviews, I am wondering if I have a defective model. Here is our experience with this machine:We 
Won t Stand Behind Product. At first, we loved this ultra quiet vacuum cleaner. After one year, however, it started sounding like a jet engine. The turbo-nozzle had broken. I 
Not what I expected!. The heater does not function well. The foot button is very diffifult to use and requires using my hands repeatable to get it to turn on 
Buyer Beware. Having read the other reviews of this product on this site, I decided to go ahead and give these collars a shot despite some of the problems other 
broken. this item arrived with a broken tank, and 1 week later quit making mist at al  
Paint particles -- part of a balanced diet?. This machine is built like a Russian tank - what it lacks in finesse it tries to make up for in sheer 
Don t wash these often!. I bought 2 of these blankets, one for each of my kids. They provide extra warmth to their bed, and that s about it. I 
A bit annoying to use. I like the style since it s different from the typical shoe rack, but shoes are always falling off this thing. It doesn t fit 
Burned out. I ordered this item fully understanding that it was a beginner s sewing machine. I know it s not the heavy duty kind with bells and whistles that 
Filters Look New Unit Says Replace Them. I purchased a Brita after being a devout pitcher system user for years. I d had a faucet system from Pur a few 
Piece O poo. I bought this and used it once. Right from the begining I could tell this was a shotty product. I don t know who designed the wringing 
Eheim sludge extractor is not worth the money. Assuming that you put the four double A batteries in the right way, the unit will start to make a humming sound, 
Priming Nightmare. This filter was a nightmare to set up, and it is probably my fault.See, I got ths filter for the 2 aquatic turtles that I have.Anyone who has 
Dangerous at any price. This machine is an accident waiting to happen. In order to pull out the very hot toasting rack, you have to attach a separate handle. Not 
Do yourself a favor and skip this product. Don t just skip this vac but avoid ALL Shark products. I can echo what a previous reviewer said....The unit will die 
Shipping fiasco. Love the Riedel glasses and had ordered them in the past from Amazon. Unfortunately, the Amazon shipping department seems to have difficulty packing delicate items: The first shipment 
You are stuck with it.... You need to really want this product from Kitchen Capers because it you don t you get stuck with shipping & return costs. So again, 
Totally Worthless. I bought this vac to replace an older Dirt Devil stick vac that I had for about ten years. I really liked the old one and thought I 
Extremely stupid control logic. This heater works reasonably well, it s not too noisy on the LOW setting, but it s electronic control is designed extremely bad. First of all 
Terrible Chocolate!. This is the WORST Fondue chocolate that I ever bought! The instructions on the pack says to melt it in the microwave for 2 min intervals, but the 
Non receipt. Ordered almost a month ago. Never been shipped and it will take another month for them to potentially ship this.Geez, I could have just bought this in the 
Poor quality. The fabric used in this set is so rough it can not be slept on. Not worth the trouble  
I thought it was a sheet set. Hopefully, I will never make this kind of mistake  
Don t wasteyour time. I bought this cleaner because my house is all hardwood and I have two dogs. I was hoping that this would help to give my floor 
Great pottery, ruined expectations by Macy s. We love Fiesta Ware pottery. This is a quality product made of tough clay with well matched durable glaze. Because of this and 
Thermostat doesn t work. Ditto the other s observations... The thermostat seems to register the temperature of the unit itself rather than the room... I had the thing in a 
Disappointed - stopped working after 3 weeks. I was very disappointed with this product. Some of the reviews said it was poorly made but I wasn t looking for a 
uncomfortable. The pillows are very soft, don t give any support to the neck. Not recommand it  
I wish these fit!. Purchased this sheet set as the description stated that it would fit deep mattress. As with every other sheet set I have purchased for the deep 
Got small feet?. The pockets are too small for men s size 10.5 athletic shoes and women s size 9.5 athletic shoes but sandals and moccasins will fit.  
This is the best thing ever!!!. Man this item is fantastic. I love wasting 80 on pointless furniture. Getting a great cheap plastic looking set that holds all my games 
The Ford Pinto of coffee makers... When you first get the BrewStation it works great. It s really convenient. I bought one for my Mom last Christmas 2005 and she 
lasted less than a year. this might hold up if you don t put anything but windbreakers on i  
description does not state size!. I am disappointed in the size of these bowls. They are very small...the largest being approx 1.5 qt. The description does not state the size 
It never arrived. I ordered this item in June. After repeated emails and phone calls Macys did not ever deliver it. It was going to be a wedding gift. At 
dont buy this. the product that is being sent out is NOT the product that is pictured. they are sending out an oblong platter with no handles made from STONEWARE 
Heed these reviews!. I had read the reviews and still ordered this cup. The first one we received, the pop top was broken. The second one lasted a week before 
Another White One. I too just received my Petite Casserole in white too. I thought after reading that many others got white by mistake that the problem would be corrected. 
juicer. This juicer is not weight balanced. When you pull down the handel, the juicer wants to turn over. Causes a messy scean trying to make sure it does not 
The item has serious design and assembling problems. I had 2 pieces of this item, - both had similar problems. First and major one is water and steam leakage between 
Mediocre Espresso. This is a great maker for American coffee drinkers who have the occasional espresso. This will not pass for a full-time espresso drinker. The machine functions fine but 
Didn t work for long. I received the Shake-N-Take as a gift for Christmas 2006. Mine just broke down this morning. The motor gave out. I didn t really get 
If I could give it less than one star, I would.... My beautiful Grand Prix Wusthofs are the best knives that I ve ever owned, and I ve persuaded friends 
Tribute Glassware. This glassware cracks and breaks very easily, particularly the tall glasses. After owning the set for a little over a year, I now have only one tall glass 
Ultimately delivered as promised. The package arrived 12 days after placing the order and the tamper was tossed loose in the box without any packaging. There is no way to 
shipped wrong product. I ordered this product relying on the picture. I got the wrong one. Shipped it back but never got any credit back yet. Am still waitin  
Water smells like plastic. I bought this electric kettle and while it did heat water very quickly, once I opened the lid the whole pot of water reeked of plastic. 
Terrible Odor. Im sorry to say that this carbon filter smells terrible, and the odor does not dissipate. The odor is so bad that it makes me feel sick when 
Non-functional. First, and most importantly, the server doesn t keep the coffee hot. It does not have a glass thermal lining I should have known to look for that feature 
Disappointingly small. This piece is very small and the spiral to hang the towel on looks cheezy. Very flimsy when compared to other towel holders I have seen and used. 
Not Corelle Thin!. Actually...more like ZERO stars!!!Verrrrry unlike any Corelle dishes I have purchased in the past. These pieces are clunky and extremely HEAVY. I doubt if they fit properly 
The chicken was a dud. My timer didn t work either. It arrived broken in two pieces, and even though I was able to put it back together, it just 
Avoid this thing like the plague. I had an old Black & Decker SpaceMaker which broke after about 10 years of daily use. I bought this product as a replacement. 
Too Scratchy. The sheets are horribly scratchy and rough. No matter how many times you wash them and use fabric softener, they stay hard  
Pretty - but small. Love the matching sugar bowl that comes with this butter dish, and the butter dish is very pretty, however it is too small!! or short rather.. 
Beautiful But Dangerous: Buy For Display Use Only. The Fiestaware Scarlet mugs are beautiful but dangerous. The handle is much too small for this size mug. If you can get 
Electrical hazard!!!. I had this fan 2 days. I was changing the fan setting when there was a snap and a flash of light from the display. Similar to a 
Wish I had bought something else. I have a two-bedroom apartment with hardwood in the living room and bedrooms, linoleum in the kitchen and tile in the bath. I have 
I expected more from these sheets. I picked up these sheets during a Friday Sale 69.99 . I am pretty disappointed by the overall feel of these sheets. Out of 
Two purchased, two defective and returned. Purchased the item, arrived defective, replacement was also defective  
Beautiful But Dangerous: Buy For Display Use Only. The Fiestaware Scarlet mugs are beautiful but dangerous. The handle is much too small for this size mug. If you can get 
Junk. I never liked this light, and now it s broken. The clamp that holds the light to the book is extremely tight, so it puts permanent dents in the 
It s Not Green. The first time I used the vase the green color started coming off. The vase is very, very heavy thick glass  
Can t review. I have not received this item yet, so I can t really review itthank  
Don t buy a roomba. My 200 roomba which I loved to use daily for picking up dog hair stopped charging after 8 months. I was appalled to find that 
Too expensive if you smoke. I bought the air filter for my smoking, to clean the air.I figured it would at least last 2 months. But it only lasts for 
Never in Stock. I, too, have the same complaints as the others, I ordered this item in June, it is now October, and I have yet to receive it. In 
would not ship to military overseas. My order was cancel because company will not ship to a FPO FPaddress, really unclear as to the reason, but I am sure it 
Poor Quality - Stay away. I bought this unit and the timer stopped keeping proper time within a month of using it.I also bought a Timex Digital timer and it 
This is not a high-end product; Let not the reviews & list price fool you!!. When I look at some of the positive reviews of this product, I wonder what 
OrangeX CitrusJuicer. I was very disappointed with the quality of the juicer I purchased. The handle would not stay up and it was easy to crush your fingers, bad if 
It Looks Good. However it doesn t work as well as my previous one from Pavoni. The cover on the Capresso fits around the outside of the grinder so when 
sucks. don t buy this wok. It tastes like you are eating metal when you cook cabbage with tomatoes. i ended up returning the second wo  
Terrible, would not recommend. My girlfriend just bought this couch from amazon. This is by visiondecor furniture. First it shows up on the curbside in pieces. Did you ever hear 
Nice coat rack, took forever to arrive. The coat rack was nice. Everything was included and it was simple to put together. One other reviewer mentioned that it will tip 
Great for about 2 weeks, then WAY LOUD. This fan would be terrific if it were quite. Once it starts to get a rattle it s so obnoxious that it 
This gadget destroyed my microwave after one use. I have a Panasonic microwave that s worked perfectly for years. The first trial of this popper produced good popcorn but a 
not necessary to change filter as often as they say. You re better off just washing and re-using the mineral pad until it is really spent, or using distilled water 
Love ceramic cookers but his one is a poor value. All the things people say about ceramic cookers are true; they are the best way the cook foor whether you 
EH1-0019 RECALLED. It amazes me that this model is being sold here, since the product was recalled by the manufacturer. A newer, safer model is offered for just 10 more 
Won t help in an accident... If you re looking for a car harness that will keep your dog safe in an accident, keep looking...This harness might work to prevent 
overrated crunchy slushy ice shredder, falsely hyped. Read all reviews and believed them. What a mistake. I have eaten shave ice from Hawaii and Los Angeles, and this machine does 
Not for glass tops. This pan was a bargain that turned out to be overpriced. I have a number of Farberware pans that have served me well, but this one 
600TC sheet set. This product arrived in what appeared to be good shape, but upon washing became blotchy and discolored in places making them unusable. Very disappointed  
INCOMPLETE ORDER!. I ordered this unit for my mother. She received only the bottome portion of it in one box and in the 2nd box was only a pen and 
Hilfer Cotton Sheets. If I could have given this a ZERO rating, I would have. I bought these sheets because they were deep pocket sheets. They have shrunk and no 
This is not silent... I wanted a humidifier that was silent, but when I plugged this in, not only could I hear it from the other room, but it s 
Batteries and DC Adapter don t mix! Clip destroys books. The design for using the DC adapter with this little light is extremely poor. It is possible that I missed 
Small like a toy. It is definitely not for 3 cups. It is a mini French Press for 1 cup of coffee. I was shocked to see the size. Other 
Too noisy. I purchased the Deni 6000 without reading the reviews. What a dummy! It is too noisy. You have to hold it down or it will vibrate off the 
Broken top - try and get replacement - good luck. The item is not packed well for shipping. The drawer and top were cracked. When I called the number on 
Not worth it... I ve had my futon a little over two months and was very happy with it initially until one day two of the wooden slats which are 
pray fan works at all. I am returning my fan through Amazon, after an infuriating three weeks of trying to get help from Soleus through their customer service. My fan 
You Get What You Pay For. This set of sheets was a bargain... NOT! They immediately started to pill and are definitely not the size that it says on the 
You get what you pay for!!. This is a cute Vacuum, and that s about it. The filter clogs, and they are next to impossible to find. The Canister is 
put in spare bedroom. The product was not comfortable; it is now in the spare bedroom for unwanted guests. Also perspired even with 2 cotton pillowcases  
Rate this a negative 3. I bought this thing from amazon over a year ago, it never worked right. But a least it only caught bread on fire a couple 
Consider before purchase:. This is supposed to be a travel mug. The closure for the drinking lip attaches to the mug lid with a tension, two bar slip in slot. 
Not worth the money. I often have to mix by hand, things always end up dry and grainy. Might be partially my fault - maybe I should try adding the 
Not totally sure it works. It seemed to work when I first got it, but I m not really sure anymore. When I first got it, I changed the litter 
Barely gets by. After borrowing my brothers, I decided to buy my own jerky gun. I bought the exact model he had but my first one would not advance the 
Mission computer desk. Very hard to put together, drawers came broken both times- cute though- not at all sturd  
Not first quality!. These towels are obviously seconds. I ordered several bath and hand towels, as well as washcloths. Upon receipt I opened several. Each had clearly visible thin spots 
Flawed & Dangerous!. Received this oven as a wedding gift and enjoyed it for approximately nine months. It cooked fairly evenly, offered convection speed, and looked attractive in chrome.Unfortunately--like many 
Stopped making coffee after 2 pots. The first two pots of coffee were delicious and then it just stopped working. We did everything as before and then - nothing. Didn 
Anything But Soft. This set is anything but soft.The set is also very heavy. Washed several times and never got softer. The only good thing is they are plenty big 
Disappoited. The humidifier worked great for 2 weeks but now leaks all over the floor during operation. I would not recommend buying this product  
I hate this unit!. I purchased two units--one for our home and one for our vacation home. Within a few days, the unit at home was no longer making good 
Discount Club Bargain. I paid what I would call a fairly high price for a blanket I could have gotten from a Discount club for half the price. The photo 
strains my eyes. My eyes hurt after reading only a few pages. I have good eyes perfect vision but this light really hurts my eyes. Also, the size of this 
No GOOD!!!. This product does not perform the functions for which it was designed. Do NOT buy this product, I wish I had returned it with in the first week 
I HATE this vacuum!. Pros: Bagless, works well at firstCons: Breaks down frequently, the tubes often become blocked despite emptying of the canister in a timely manner, burning rubber smell, 
Nonstick? Right. I have had my analon professional since 1996, I loved it at first, in fact, I don t even own metal utensils, so I was confident it would 
Flawed design. I have watched Emeril and perhaps others using this food processor and ending up with liquid all over the counter. I just dismissed it as part of Emeril 
Quiet... NOT! Stopped working after 1 night. This was fortunately a present and a gift receipt was enclosed. QuietCare? My 2 month old wakes up when it starts running. Cool 
very poor quality. i am bitterly disappointed with these towels. i was expecting high quality cotton fluffy ones and instead got very average quality. they are virtually indistinguishable from the 
Good while it worked. Similar to another review, mine is totally dead. At about the 4 month mark, it no longer powered on. Hopefully shipping costs to send it back 
A big disappointment. After years of using a box fan for white noise to help me sleep, I decided it was time to break that habit and learn to sleep 
Ugh... I was very disappointed with these sheets. If I had not thrown away the bag, I would have returned... Instead my pug inherited them for his bed They are 
Quality Doesn t last. Sadly these lovely sheets are already showing threads after just 2 washes in delicate cycle A good purchase at the time but sadly not a quality 
Good for about 10 uses. This piece of junk gave out after about 10 uses. Steam shoots out from behind the trigger making it impossible to hold  
Terrific gift for a cook chef!. My friend was ecstatic when she opened up this present from me at the holidays. She claims it s the best spice rack - 
Don t waste your time. Thinking this would be an excellent gift for Mr. Electronics Geek Light Sleeper, it became a pretty big joke and embarassment for me because some 
Not Worth It. The Chocolate would not melt.. I ended up placing the chocolate bowl in a water bath in my regular fondue pot and made do.............  
3 Step Designer Step Stool. Nice Looking, but not easy to move. The bar at the top isn t smooth and it hurts if you try to move the stool 
Reply to Stella. I had the same problem when I purchased a similar product. Great idea, but hard to come by the fuel. If you go to [...], they make 
OK for miscellaneous knives, not for the GOOD stuff!. I also have to echo the comments of other reviewers when saying if you have inexpensive, common cutlery this sharpener will 
Okay, but not great. I tested this out as soon as I got it and was not thrilled with the results. The steamer barely took the wrinkles out of a 
Disappointing Purchase. I share some bad experiences too.I bought the E8 on Amazon and used it for 3 weeks. It was working fine initially until I started using my Capresso 
Does not work. ITem is unable to create a vaccuum or seal plastic bags... customer service was surprised that I had bought it since I live at 7,500 feet, indicating 
Shark sweeper. This is a great sweeper, but its tragic downfall is the short lifespan of the battery. We bought one a couple of years ago from Sears with a 
TERRIBLE!!. This is NOT a high-end luxury towel by Grand Patrician and is not ultra in ANY way. Even if they were firsts, they are second rate. Mine started to 
Great idea, marginal quality. I bought this item for my daughter and was thrilled how much she used it to make terrific, healthy smoothies. But after 5 months, the motor 
 Red Stuff WARNING!. Believe it or not there was red stuff inside!!!!!Today I unscrew my Brita Ultra Faucet Filter System . Well, I was shocked to discover that inside 
Tines on Fork Too Sharp. I got this on sale and thought it was a good deal. It wasn t. The pieces are heavy and huge. The tines on the 
Crying over my onions!. I just spent the past half hour crying while chopping my onions by hand. Why is that you may ask? Because I ordered this darn product 
Only sprays intermittently with my cocker spaniel 15 lb. . Sometimes it sprays when she barks, most of the time it doesn t. So I would say its effectiveness has 
not for me. I hated this item. It did not protect my hands from the heat and got too dirt  
Too Much Imperfection is Too Much Imperfection. To us, typical Fiestaware pieces have great design, color, durability and functioning wrapped up all-in-one. We ordered a set of Turquoise Candlesticks and 
Cruel. You may as well put your betta in a glass of water. The argument is that bettas are naturally found in rice paddies in Thailand...go ahead and google images 
If you want excellent, rich cappucino, do NOT get this. I m an espresso cappucino only drinker, and have owned a variety of machines over the past 20 years. I 
My Honeywell Fan Died after 3 months!. My Honeywell 16-inch remote control fan just died. It has been about three months since I purchased it; it was used with reasonable 
Don t use with batteries!. The design for using the DC adapter with LED Booklight is extremely poor. It is possible that I missed the warning that tells you to 
Not for your car. I purchased this steamer for use on my car inside and rims , but this steam cleaner is virtually worthless for this use. Dirt and grime 
Coffee Pot Filter. This filter is not, in my estimation, any good. It leaves a sediment , and the end product, the coffee, tastes terrible. Use paper filters insted for 
Lid way too tight for the container. Total ripoff. The lid is too tight for bottle. At this moment, I can not use this item and i consider this item 
It breaks!. Sure, it looks nice enough without anything on it. But if you plan to actually hang coats and umbrellas on it, pick something else. It s tippy and 
Doesn t Fit. I d give it zero stars if I could. I read the review from 2005 and hoped that was just one bad batch--but it isn t. The 
Filter Coffe is Good Espresso is not so. I have previously owned a separate Krups Espresso machine and it made great espresso. This one doesn t. The problem is the 
Don t judge a book by its cover... Likewise with this toaster. It looks great [especially from several feet away] and although it s expensive it just isn t all 
Deceptive Picture. Like other customers, I too thought I was getting a crate, and not a divider. The image for this product is extremely deceptive, as it shows a crate 
Nice but not durable. This fan has nice features and operates very quietly. Seems to be a durability issue with most reviews I ve read because mine only made it 
Beware of flim flammers. Beware of the five reviews for the mysticmop. Although microfiber mops are relatively new, major department stores have approximately a dozen different mops with different mechanical 
disappointed. sheets are full of wrinkles after being washed,not as soft as when new,and not the qualiy i anticipated  
Missing Part and Poor Customer Service. The Rubbermaid Chrome Dish Drainer arrived in a timely fashion. However, the utensil holder was not included. I promptly contacted the seller by email. 
Disappointing purchase. This mattress pad was delivered to us with yellow stains on the surface. When opened and unfolded, it wouldn t fit a queen bed much less a king 
rough material. I washed this pillowcase 4 times and dried it with a fabric softener sheet in the dryer and it s still too rough for my son to sleep 
Perfect sweeper? LOL !!! Ummm that would be a firm NO!!!!!. Garbage with a capital G! where to begin???Ok the handle, it s my own fault for getting mad about 
Sounds better than it is, for some cats. It works fine, but my cat won t use it.I was thrilled with the reviews I read about this fountain and happily 
Better Supplements on the market. I actually found Dinovite Canine Supplement to work better than this supplement. Missing Link does not have the additional ingredients to address some of the 
Weeks later and still hasn t arrived. I would love to review this product, but Amazon first provided me with an incorrect delivery date, then said it was lost but 
Very small for a pair of kitchen scissors!. The description claims that these scissors are good for use in the kitchen but I think that needs some clarification. The cutting 
DOA. Sigh. Was so excited to receive this item and it arrived today via UPS in pieces. I should have heeded the previous reviewer s warning. Doh! Oh well. Live 
first kitchenaid appliance that is not good. Very low quality and I am very surprised that Kitchenaid puts its name on this product. I highly DO NOT reccommend this product. 
Great idea but Poorly made product. - 2 of the 3 wheels broke off after first trip to laundromat- metal coil already ripping through the red polyster hamper- tote strap 
Thick Paper towels cause a problem too. Looks nice but the roll does fall off and thick paper towels can rub the top edge of the unit closest to the 
Rip Off. What a complete rip off. The 5 by almost 6 cookbook that comes with it is maybe worth 2 dollars I think they used card stock for the 
Great concept, but. . . This waterer is a great concept, but does have some drawbacks. For starters, one of my dogs is scared to death of it and wont 
scrubber. This item is not powerful enough. I really thought it would do a better job of cleaning. The squirter got clogged after one use and did not deliver enough 
Scratched on first use. The box and inside materials say that metal utensils can be used, but after a single use my metal spatula created deep grooves all over the 
poor quality for price ratio. As several others have noted, the wire goes slack and then breaks easily after a short period of time. Once the wire breaks you have 
Thoroughly dissatisfied!!!!!. I never received this product!!! I returned the black cloth bag I received instead of the glasses and I received an e-mail confirmation of my return of what 
Not Stainless or Straight-Through. I bought this grinder for my wife who likes extra fine grind and she was tired of holding the button on our current burr grinder and 
furminator the more efficient tool. i got this for my cat ocicat breed . he s a short-haired cat that doesn t generally need much grooming except when the season 
Never Again Dirt Devil. I ve had my vacuum for a few years now only b c I m too lazy to buy another one. However, I am at the 
Breadmakers Beware - this is not the one for you!. After 20 years of owning a Cuisinart, I switched to this food processor because of concerns over Cuisinart quality. What 
Look for a different coffeemarker. Right from the start I have had problems with this coffee marker.The timer clock loses about 5 minutes a day so I m always resetting 
Wire broke on the first slice. I purchased the cheese slicer to replace one from the 70 s that finally gave out. I pulled out a block of cheddar cheese 
Find another blanket. I purchased this blanket for 30 from Amazon after reading the same reviews I see now. The negative comment about it being too light weight sounds fake 
Nothing but trouble. We bought this machine over a year ago. It has been nothing but trouble. Water leaks over top of shot. We ve tried everything - new parts, 
Ugly. Quite possibly the most overpriced crappy wine glasses anyone could find. They re exactly like the wine glasses you d find at a hotel bar -- short, with a 
Smells bad, thermostat is useless. The thermostat on this heater is a waste of time. It has a knob that you can control the thermostat shutoff level with. The trouble 
Disappointing performance. This product got a lot of great reviews and was the reason why I purchased it.However it had very poor suction power, in fact it would blow dirt 
I couldn t make it work. While one of the other reviewers states that it only works on some types of champagne bottles, I couldn t get it to work 
Really cheapy. I ordered this thinking it would be great for grinding up big people food for my grandson. It could not even grind up a soft hot dog! We 
Not worth it. Saw these canisters and fell in love with them. Couldn t wait to get them and when I did they were broken into a million pieces. They 
under cabinet lights. these lights are junk, but the vendor i purchased them from is excellen  
Filter is great, but not worth spraying your sink over... My wife and I bought this Pur Filter and installed it yesterday. One thing we immediately noticed was that when 
Returned 2 - Burnt Out Motors. Burnt out the motor on the first one within 3 months, exchanged for a new one, burnt out the motor on the 2nd one 
Nesco roaster oven. Well, after having this for almost a year, I honestly am sorry I bought it because I am finding it just isn t a necessary appliance for 
Seems a bit flaky. I love the concept and simple implied ease of use of this item, but when I actually used it, it didn t work so well. Some 
Not up to snuff. This toaster was not up to snuff for a variety of reasons. It did not toast bread evenly; the toast was dark on top but virtually 
OFFICE CHAIR!. Well I purchased 2 chairs thru Amazon. When the chairs arrived that were exactly what was displayed. Very nice. But after two and a half months the chairs 
Doesn t work for very long. I bought this coffee maker and after only using it 6-10 times over the course of 13 months, it stopped working. I called the 
It doesn t work!. I bought this product with high hopes of making my Christmas candy, but after 3 hrs. of having my chocolat chips and wax in the Chocolate 
It sucks!. This kitchen timer is really cute and I HAD to have it to match every other pink kitchenaid appliance that I own and love. BUT you simply cannot 
Not so good. I got this toaster cause it was a good brand and on sale. I thought it looked really nice and it does go well with the other 
What a waste!. I just bought it yesterday. It isn t a cheap product, but I thought it would be nice if I could save dryer time and not use 
2 bowls later and waiting. I received a bowl and it was cracked. I returned it and another bowl was sent. This one was also cracked. Waiting on further directions. 
What a rip-off!. This was a horrible egg slicer. I thought something from KitchenAid that was advertised to slice strawberries or mushrooms would be worthwhile, but was I wrong. Worked 
Don t waste your money!!. I have a lot of low-voltage lights on our house. Many colors and different wattages, which I dearly love. Unfortunately, the spiders also love to 
Don t waste your money.... I ve owned one of these for about a month. It s a total waste of money. It rarely sprays, just a steady stream of 
Disappointed. This is my first time to use an electric krumkake baker as I previously had the old type you use over the stove.I feel the baker doesn t bake 
Rusty knives and worse customer service. I got these knives as a gift. Ironically, the first thing to rust was the part of each knife stamped Stainless Steel .Let s 
Broken dreams. Thought this would be a perfect drinking glass. My husband cracked it the first time he used it - all he did was brush it against another object. 
Not what it used to be. I had what was supposed to be the same model for many years and it worked very well, although the push-down handle broke off 
Don t expect too much.... I bought this vacuum as a cheap in between vacuum while I saved up to get a better one. It did a pretty good job 
Totally Disappointed. I brought this item looking at its high ratings. It didn t take long to find out what was wrong with this cooker.The first time, it didn t 
Awful coffee! Messy machine. This coffeemaker makes the WORST coffee of any I have owned in 26 years. It brews very quickly, losing a cup or more of the water 
Scary! Melted the bottom. I used to agree with great comments of fellow consumers. Today I experienced very scary part of it. When my wife kept the cooker for little 
Bad design, too many parts to clean, long juicing time, small capacity. I read all the positive reviews, and after using this unit I can only say that those giving 
Dry but Sore Feet. I purchased Paw Tectors for our Australian Shepherds. The dogs are walked on country roads in Northern Wisconsin that are sanded and salted during the winter 
Be Cautious!. I purchased the cat it fountain, and for about 1-2 months, it was the greatest thing I could have imagained for my cats. They were drinking fresh water 
Don t buy it from Dynadirect. The Corningware dish is great, my 1 star is not for the item, it is for Dynadirect. They are HORRIBLE! Item was backordered, but 
Durability issues. I ve owned this vacuum for 3 years. Most features are OK for 150 vacuum cleaner. My issues are the unit, due to its wheel design, gets tougher 
gets loose all by itself - not recommended. I love the look of this collar and the idea is great that it pulls loose when if it gets caught on 
Piece of junk. I ve owned 2 of the previous model of Scum Buster and I was looking forward to purchasing this new design. What a disappointment! I put in 
I expected more from Henckels. I gave these 2 stars because they worked nice for the first couple of months, even cut through chicken bones. But just like the other 
save your money!!!!!!!!!!!!!. this piece of plastic is garbage! one use and it fell apart. just use the end of a cork screw to rip the foil off  
Great for a while but then it falters. I loved this item for a long time. It is quiet and not unattractive. But, I have had it for a year 
Kong Air Dog Squeaker Jack. My Collie doesn t like this toy and has only ever had it out of her toy box once and then it just sat on 
Just too flimsy to rely on. We travel in third world countries and ordered this to provide a little more security while we re sleeping. The materials used in this 
Not what its cracked up to be... I was really dissappointed in the quality of the Comfort Clinic topper. It doesnt state what density this memory foam is made of, 
Tropix Tumblers. Tumblers keep drinks cool, but do not appear to be very durable compared to Tervis tumblers . One tumbler was cracked upon receipt  
it sucked - i ve sent it back. more thought needs to be put into the design of this produc  
Similar problem as the first reviewer.. The blender I received also smelled as if it was overheating and the tachometer did not work. I am sending it back and will 
Plastic piece will break. My mother-in-law and I both had this blender. Hers broke in a couple of months. I was lucky that mine lasted a couple of years. It 
This unit is worthless. I bought this unit a few years back. Worthless at best! I wish someone - even the mfg could come up with some kind of solution 
Not what it appears. I recently ordered these spice tins -- 4 sets. What I received was 4 tins. When you look at this set and read the description, 12 
microwave popper. This didn t do as well as an old microwve poper I ve used for yers. It didn t showa great increase in kernals popped,and they were not 
Dishes arrived damaged. I received the set in the mail, and immediately noticed that the contents inside were damaged. I returned the item to Amazon, who issued a prompt refund. 
Difficult to use. This is my third salad spinner and by far the most difficult to use. It was, however, easier than washing lettuce by hand. I purchased it in 
Outstanding growth medium. I am editing this review for clarity. No, I am not talking about carbon.This is one of the best Brita filter systems I ve used. I also 
Pls take my advice...DNT BUY THIS PRODUCT. I ordered this pan even though i had never heard about this brand before.But the picture on the site and the product review 
Malfunctioned after 2 weeks!. It s noisy and expensive - you can get that from reading the other reviews on this page. Ours stopped working within 2 weeks of light 
Size doesn t match product description. When I got this table I was shocked to see that the table measured 24 inches wide by 24 inches deep. The product description 
Egg Boiler Much Worse Than It Looks. After the FIRST use the teflon coating started to bubble up and after the FIRST WEEK it looked as if were decades old!It 
Don t use hard water. This humidifier is great for programing humidity, fan speed, sleep mode, etc.BUT IF YOU HAVE HARD WATER DO NOT BUY IT. It puts out white 
Poor mixer. Very disappointed with this Hamilton Beach mixer . It does not have the power or blade to mix ice cream shakes as advertised. A spoon does a better 
rusts. This can opener works perfectly but the two gripper and cutting spoked wheels rusted early on. This can opener got a top rating from a consumer products review show 
Glue problem. Saw the other review and had to share my similar experience. The glue is still not off of my pan after hours and hours of scrubbing. It s 
I hate having to change the sponge. This is the worst mop when it comes to having to change the mop head, after the second time of having to change 
great design poor execution. I just returned mine. It leaked -- just as others have reported.Twice the top fell off while I was pouring my martini. The first time I 
Good coffee. Not worth the aggravation!. A friend of ours bought this for us. He owns several coffee shops and we were excited to have great coffee at home. Out 
Worst rice cooker. Its life is only 2 weeks, one of the worst rice cooker  
Terrible Product. From the dates on the reviews below, it seems we all got suckered by the low price--but this product it HORRIBLE. The package labeling says it has a 
Not for the 17400. Listen to Lynn from New England, I wish she had written her review before I purchased these.The 17400 model that I use requires 2 of these 
It Broke!. It was great while it lasted, but the garlic press handle broke off easily, and we had to replace it with a sturdier brand  
Not worth the money. It is best to invest a few more dollars and purchase a better itemLight and not providing the warmth expected from this price level.Feels incomplet  
Not Happy. This came broken the packaging was not good. Damage good don t make happy custome  
A complete waste of money. I have no idea what Hoover s engineers were thinking when they came up with this rotating HEPA filter concept...the filter stopped rotating after the 
well!!!. At first I thought it was great. The cat likes it and loves to watch it clear itself. Now the cat uses it to poo but not to pee. 
Bubbles, Buldges, and Other Imperfections. I purchased four of these shot glasses. Of the four, one has tiny bubbles throughout, one has black specs in the glass, one has a 
Poor Packaging. The first item I received was highly dented. This is because the packaging is so inadequate for this type of item. Since it was to be used outside, 
Not So Sharper Image. This is the last item I will ever purchase from Sharper Image...it broke the second week I had it...spewing hand soap at will and not when 
Trust me on this one...save your money. I am NOT a coffee snob...I like all kinds and strengths of coffee, however, melitta does not do its one:one machine justice with 
Bad product. I m really upset with this item. I registered for it and when I got it the thing didn t work. I called the 800 number trying to 
Dingy and dirty looking. Be careful ordering this item. What you see is not what you might get. I ordered it and expected a white new crisp feather down comforter. 
No hardware. Not a single screw, bolt, allan wrench, etc. enclosed with this desk. The wood looked nice but getting it back into the box to return was like unscrambling 
BROWN RICE BLEW THERMAL FUSE. HAD MACHINE FOR 1 1 2 YEARS. TRIED BROWN RICE FOR THE FIRST TIME AND IT BLEW THE THERMAL FUSE INSIDE. HAD PLENTY OF WATER, 
Good espresso but flawed design. This is my second machine in ~1 month, the first was returned because the overflow tray started to jam. The second machine now has the 
Image is Misleading. The image in this product is misleading. It looks like this product contains more than 1 piece, but when I opened it I got only one piece 
wrong collar doesn t work. Neither Amazon, nor the vendor would make good on this purchase. the item was misrepresented. I wil never purchase from Amazon again. They will take 
Cute but not practical. This toaster is so adorable but it s really not worth the trouble. The bread takes a while to toast and when it s finished, Hello 
Damaged. I really like the look of this bread bin, but the manufacturer does not package it in a box. It only has a clear plastic bag around it. Even 
It s too thin on its leading edge and warps. I love my other silcone spatula s by Mario but this one is not what I expected. The edge warps, 
I love to use it, but hate to clean it. I have had this for years and it is great to use. I am a college student often cooking for 
Deluxe? Try Cheap . I decided to return this about 45 seconds after opening it. The metal is thin and flimsy, and the construction very poor e.g., little plastic end 
Don t buy this product. Light is beautiful and functional, and so great for traveling, but first LED light failed almost immediately and second after about 2 months. Too bad. 
Poorly constructed low strength. If you only need to hang a dozen blouses on this hanger it might be OK but if you need to hang a dozen pairs of 
Once it is on, do not take it off!. The plastic threads were stripped after taking the unit off the faucet once! A very frustrating product! Do not buy  
Once it breaks, forget it. Well it made good waffles, but one day the hinge pins broke. Black & Decker told me when I called that they do not sell 
Cereal dispenser problem. I ordered this cereal dispenser for my adult son. He filled it with raisin bran. When he turned the knob to release the cereal into a bowl, 
Not built to last. I had my machine for 6 weeks, I loved it! I didn t like the coffee pot - it was very light and I was so 
Terrible product. My husband and I bought this toaster looking to upgrade. This toaster was the biggest waste of money. Sounds like many other reviewers had trouble with their toast 
Junk!!!. I don t know if these positive reviews are coming from Gaggia employees, but the machine is an overpriced piece of junk! Leaking, loud, hard to use clean, this 
Terrible!. Buy this vacuum is you want to spread dirt around. Looks like a nice little cleaner but dirt just shoots back at your feet. Does an okay job on 
dead on arival. my wife recived the roses the next day of the order in a box. the roses were dead and black. she thought i was mad at her. 
Be careful to buy RONCO products !!!. I placed an online order of the set at RONCO and cancelled it 5 minutes later. To confirm my concellation is in time, 
Bad Taste. I ve had this crock pot for a year and I ve given it every chance possible. Now I m going to ditch it. The problem for me 
 bummed . I am way disappointed in these sheets I just got them and read the instructions on how to wash them and I did so, I put them 
This is as trashy as what its expected to pick up from the floor. I can t believe what a useless waste of space this vacuum cleaner is. I ve 
TV Armoire. The armoire arrived with the doors damaged and a nick on the top. I was sent new doors but they didn t fit. Frustrated, I accepted the promised 
Do not order this from Amazon!!. I ordered these as a Christmas gift, and although they were ordered before the Holiday guaranteed shipping deadline , they still arrived a few 
TERRIBLE TOASTER. This toaster worked great for a month. Then the lever stopped working properly and half the time we can t get the slots to stay down at all. 
Buy a different one to use indoors. If you are buying this bed to use at home as a guest bed...DON T!I have two areobeds; I bought the first one 
Don t Waste Your Money... Don t waste your money. Buy the 8 in pan. It s a real All-Clad. As I read these reviews, I keep seeing people rave 
Terrible--Does Not Work. I m looking for a timer. Simple as can be. I should have listened to the previous reviews. This thing simply did not work right out of 
Boston Shaker is much better!. Alton states on his episode titled Raising the Bar that he prefers a Boston Cocktail Shaker over traditional ones like this. So if you re 
Dysfunctional. Sent it back. Couldn t see the read-out with a plate or saucer on the scale. Needs a tilted or canted face  
Bad teapot design!!. I am giving it two stars because at least it looks attractive, but beware: Fill the pot with tea and the spout starts spilling! Yes, the end 
You only get the small one... I purchased this item, after having read about Banneton in the book Rustic European Breads from your Bread Machine . The picture clearly shows 
A Tea kettle that doesn t whistle. In my opinion: Well, I just wanted a tea kettle for my country kitchen, and I own some Original Franciscan hand Decorated plates. 
Warning - Defective Design. STAY AWAY from this product.The first one I got couldn t keep time properly -- on a digital clock! It was slow, and lost a lot 
Where is the NSF certification?. Interesting that the description invokes EPA standards, but fails to mention if the unit is NSF certified. It s the least any vendor of drinking 
We loved it...while it worked- update they replaced it!. We bought this on amazon about 5 months ago after a cheaper black & decker one had the heat element buckle 
Wrong Bowls sent and returned twice Billing a BIG question. I never received the large bowls. The small cereal bowls were sent twice quickly but wrong size both times and 
Fails quickly. Very disappointed with this fan. Failed within six months of purchasing. Don t buy a Lasko fan  
Deceptive photo. I thought I was getting a SET of forks NOT one fork. The picture and description are deceptive. The picture depicts a set s I am sure the 
LOW TECH IS BEST... This sounded so promising--a magic dispenser! Unfortunately, the promise outweighs the reality. The dispensing mechanism is so sensitively set, soap comes forth when one s hand 
Makes you want to invent new swear words. This is by far the worst PRODUCT I have ever purchased. I hate this coffee maker. I paid 79 for this item 
Not worth the money. I purchased this because I thought that it would be a convenient fryer to own. I thought that since it was one of the more expensive 
bad buttons!. After my first Cuisinart hand mixer died from 10 years of heavy use, I decided to be brand loyal. Now, I am questionning my decision. The buttons for 
Hated it, threw it away and learned how to use real hones. Get a couple of good hones instead and learn to use them. I got one of these a 
NO QUALITY AT ALL. I purchased one of the shark pro steamers and used it once. Came back to it a month later and the cap had seized totally shut. 
Haven t even used it, and it s already defective. I bought mine at Bed Bath and Beyond with a coupon. It was one of two crock pots they sold, 
Great cutting power, but blade lock is badly designed. I was thrilled when I first began to use this project - it s very sharp & very strong, crunching through 
overheats when used twice in a row. after i drilled holes near the top of the bucket, as others have mentioned, the popcorn was quite good - and provided enough 
Believe other reviewers, fan arrived broken. I didn t believe other reviewers who indicated that their fan arrived perfectly packaged, but inoperable. I should have believed them. There was no 
Smore s maker I didn t receive. I never received this item therefore I cannot submit a review  
NO Response. I had a problem with the container leaking and wrote them and I didn t get an answer. SO it just sits here not being used. Poor communication 
what a mess!!. If you try to wash this product be prepared for a real mess.first of all, it does feel nice, although difficult to cover your comforter.this product no 
Falsely advertised capacity. I bought this fountain because it is advertised to hold 6L 216 oz. It does not. This fountain, when filled per the manufacturer s recommendations to 1 
Cost??. I have seen this online on other sites and in catalogs for 20 not on sale either - regular price . Same siz  
cracked in the microwave. I was cooking 5 strips of bacon on the platter in the microwave and the platter actually cracked in half! I have cooked bacon on my 
Don t waste your money. These are cheap knock-offs, feather light and a sad misrepresentation of the fine Lagioule name. Buy anything else, because you won t like these ratty 
Not up to par. We are very disappointed in the peformance of this toaster. The bread will toast good on the inside but barley on the outside. I sent email 
Good idea, poor execution. I really like the raised edges of these boards when working with wet ingredients, like cutting tomatoes. However, the thin material of the boards warps cups, 
Makes lofty claims, fails to live up to them. This is a good, if somewhat pricey regular pillow. Expect nothing else and you ll likely be fairly happy. The temperature 
Grinder. This product wasn t working and the handle was broken. I don t recommend to purchase this and it s way to much money for it  
VERY VERY Disappointed. I looked around and read reviews and information on numerous down comforters, and I thought I was getting a real bargain with the Royal Velvet. Boy, was 
buyer beware. Read the fine or missing print carefully. This is not a general purpose vacuum purchase. You need to buy the carpet attachment to be able to vacuum carpets 
Disposable at best. I m on my second Sassafras pizza stone. The first broke in half after maybe a dozen uses. The second now has distinct cracking after about a 
i also wish there was 0 star. i ve had this for only a couple months and this grill is HORRIBLE headache and as soon as i can afford to 
Torture Chamber. My son received a beta as a gift, and when we went to the store to buy an aquarium, the clerk recommended this tank, and also recommended getting 
Kitchenaid can do better. My kitchen is all Kitchenaid so of course I had to have this, but as other commenters said - they can do better. It s a 
it s ok, but I d get something else. I ve had this fryer for over 4 years. It s held up fine, but doesn t have any of the 
Disappointed. We tried this popper after having the West Bend Stir Crazy. We were shocked at how bad the popcorn tasted with the Cuisinart versus the West Bend. We don 
Sorry I bought it. This grater is fine when you can get it to work, but most often the handle doesn t screw in correctly and you can t get 
A junk. if there is a no star option, I would select it . I expected this product to be soft, having a cotton cover and safe for my daughter 
overengineered junk. Shame on OXO. This product is a waste of natural recources.Looked nice once installed, but difficult to operate, wouldn t tear consistantly, a pain to rewind, and the 
Leaks and cracks. We have used Pur filters for years now, not by choice but because we are always able to get a new one by calling in to the 
noise makers. Hello,Both the Proctor Silex 31115 4-Slice Toaster Oven Broiler and the Proctor Silex 31117 4-Slice Toaster Oven Broiler make noise when in use.Both products make audible sounds when 
waste of money. For 20 I don t even bother to return things, but this article is a disgrace, almost completely useless. Save your money  
NOT SMALL PILLOW. I too got the dinosaur pillow! And laughed and laughed! I don t know whether to give it as a gag gift or not...The trouble is that 
Beware.............. Consumers BEWARE! The GE Smartwater GWF filter is not a replacement for the old Culligan FXRC metal filter. Despite the available adapter, the new Smartwater GWF filter was designed 
the horror. ordered and reordered, it kept showing up busted, and i went through consumer hell to return it. actually, i m still in consumer hell. sometimes amazon blows  
broke after 2 years of very occasional use. i had this for 2 years and used it about once a month. i was very happy with it at first, since 
Lid is a problem. This percolator would be great except the lid was too tight and extremely difficult to remove. After only about a week the gasket around the glass 
Sateen Sheet Set. They are very heavy, hard to wash because of weight. Also they wrinkle even when taken right out of the dryer. Hard to fold because weight  
Be suspicious of the other reviews. So, I just bought this item. Does it work? I don t know, I haven t tested the water yet to see if it 
Beautiful but WAY too delicate. I received these glasses and both were craked during shipping. They were well packed, but just WAY too delicate. I m sure that during use 
beautiful but lid chipped when I dropped it. Just want to warn everyone that it chips pretty easily. I took it off the shelf and the lid which was not 
Absolute Best For a Few Months - 1 YR Later Useless. I almost never write reviews, but this is the second I just HAD to write - or better said, 
not heavy weight at all. I was disappointed in this towel set advertised as heavyweight. It looked to be WalMart type quality. I would have been better off buyingfrom Linens 
Pretty much useless. I wish I had my money back. I haven t found any time I tried to use this thing that it was any easier than a washrag 
Poor Design. The design is such that when you pour out liquid, some of it seeps into the space between the outer plastic and the vacuum glass container. Then, when 
Description. Your description of the Popover Pan did not did not contain &quot;MINI&quot;. The item I wanted was the standard size popover pan, not the mini. &quot;MINI&quot; should be added 
Would not cycle all the water. After about 10 days from date of purchase, only 4 of the 8 cups would cycle. I would have to push the On button, 
Doesn t work properly !!. With all the great revues on this frother, I thought I couldn t go wrong buying one. Not so though!! After following instructions in detail, 
Great pottery, ruined expectations by Macy s. We love Fiesta Ware pottery. This is a quality product made of tough clay with well matched durable glaze. Because of this and 
Poor Quality. Ugly and Cheap looking Wife hated them now using as rags to wash the ca  
coffee pot. I do not like this because when I pour EVERY cup of coffee, it has a stream of coffee that runs down the side of the pot and 
Broken with no chance of return. The coat rack broke within two week of my purchacing it. Because of where I had set it up I was completely unaware though. 
Stainless Steel Container. My mother gave us our Rival F69204 Electric White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer, which worked well for three seasons. Yesterday, I made a batch of frozen custard 
Not impressed. It does cool your coffee by tipping the mug to fill the reservoir -- not something you want to do while you are driving. The more you drink 
I didn t like it; cat didn t like it. This is a great idea, but I think it might need more tweaking. The reservoir holds a lot of water, 
Total Junk. Black and Decker should simpy stay out of the appliance business and stick with what they do best.This grill is simply junk. Just threw it out after a 
Piece of junk. 1. bad guality - hall for driver shaft was off center.2. bad body metal - was reacting with meat made it dark and darkened itself.3. Body is 
I Got White Too!!. I read the reviews but, because Amazon has been so reliable over the years, decided to order the red casseroles anyway. My order arrived today and 
Sea Salt Grinder. I keep it on my table for company, but actually, it grinds so little, so slow, I don t use it myself. I thought from the ad 
Poor locking design. I was very disappointed with this teaball. It is not readily apparent from the picture but this product is actually shaped like a small cylinder, 3cm high 
Very poor quality. I actually ordered the National Sleep Products Luxury Down but was sent a Pacific Coast down comforter instead without explanation. It was entirely too thin, with large 
not very big. I thought it would cover two burners. It covers the big burner and then the edges don t sit on any heat. If I would have looked 
Too hot not to watch. I have used one crock pot or another for many years. I bought this one because I was delighted with the sturdy removable stoneware bowl; 
Adult Proof lid?????. Okay, I got hooked on MiGo mugs a few years ago because they keep my coffee hot. They are suberb for that purpose. However this new version 
Farberware Urn. Our Church purchesed 2 Urns. They were used about 5 times and one burned out. It does not heat up or perk the coffee anymore.We were very disappointed 
Screwpull. This is really not a typical review.This product quantity of 3 was not the Screwpull I ordered but received, not once but twice.I had ordered the Screwpull Pocket Model, 
Not as advertised. I have returned this item because the description indicated the fitted bottom sheet had elastic all around. When I received it there was elastic only on the 
MOST UNCOMFORTABLE SHEETS EVER MADE. These sheets are strictly for apprearances. I bought them for my almost 5 year old son who LOVES Star Wars. He was very excited about 
Not for all uses. I have owned a few OXO brand utensils over the past few years, and in general I have been happy with them. But I was disappointed 
beautiful but lid chipped when I dropped it. Just want to warn everyone that it chips pretty easily. I took it off the shelf and the lid which was not 
Terrible Packaging. I received this item as a gift and had to return it due to the plates being broken. The replacement was sent, but the plates in the replacement 
THEY RUST! Big disappointment... I have probably seen hundreds of tea kettles by now and still love the look of this one the best. Only problem is that they RUST!!! 
Great--Except for..... I see this model is no longer listed by Amazon, so I don t know how you got here. First, it was sold by J&R, not for the 
All show --no Go. If you like the styling -- buy it! hey, it comes in COLORS!But, if you want performance and reliability - AVOID any Francis unit.They are made 
DO NOT Buy Ronco!. I bought the previous model of this dehydrator. I seriously would not even give this machine 1 star, but there is no lower rating. I bought 
Do Not Buy. My mother-in-law bought this popper for my two small children for Valentine s Day. What a piece of junk! My kids were so excited about it since 
Cheesy handle for the price. The handle and pump mechanism for this dispenser are cheesy plastic - they will not last at all. The previous reviewer also pointed out - 
These pillows are uncomfortable. These pillows are too soft and too small. They don t provide adequate neck support, and are more uncomfortable than the pillows I bought them to 
Disappointed... I fell in love with the Swivel Sweeper at my cousin s house, where I babysit 3 preschoolers four days a week, and couldn t wait to buy one 
not worth the money. I read the preceding reviews and really question what I did wrong with this unit. I tried for 6 months to get this to work right 
A good price, but not a great bed topper. I got mine for 19.99 so I was t expecting much. The part that has padding is fine, but the filling 
Misleading-dissapointed. We ordered what we thought was a Drinkwell fresh water fountain based on the header and description of the product. However, when we received it, there was just the 
Very, very dissapointed. Like several other reviews, I was very dissapointed. We have looked at several machines from FrancisFrancis!, Gaggia & Ascaso. While these are certainly more expensive machines, the 
Pfaltzgraff Tea Rose Trivet. This trivet is plastic and not shure how it will stand up to high temperatures. Nothing in the packaging states this also. I know that melamine 
DO NOT BUY-NO PYREX GLASS!!!. I can not rate the actual Wilton metal baker because I haven t used it yet but you may want to pick another item to 
Looks chintzy, stainless steel only on the interior. I have no opinion on how this cooks because I never turned it on. Opened the box and saw that 1 the 
If you have a PS2, or a DVD player, DON T buy this!. I was very excited when the box first arrived at our doorstep. My eight year old son 
if i could have given it zero stars i would have. This vacuum worked the first time I used it, but that was the only time. With the amount of 
Defective Jack Lalanne Juicer with Crappy Warranty. I m selling my LEMON on Ebay with this descriptionDefective Jack Lalanne Juicer with Crappy Warranty:Here s my juicer. Sorry Jack. Somebody buy 
not so good. the thought is good but quality is not...thing broke in second day odf use and the replacement string broke a week l;ater then the little foot fell 
I bought it before it was reduced., so. now I would likely upgrade to 3 stars since one can t expect much for 1.99. It is a large thin plastic 
poorly manufactured piece of crap. 1 The screws that came in the box have no relation to the screws shown on the assembly diagram--nor do they fit in the various 
Bakes well, but hard to clean. Even though the pan is pre-seasoned and using baking spray, cornbread frequently sticks, resulting in a non-cactus shaped lump of food. Then it is 
waste of money. I bought these pillows as a Christmas gift for my fiance who definitely needs new pillows as his are old and have completely lost their shape. I 
Stopped working. This electric blanket has the nicest texture of the last five electric blankets we have purchased. However it stopped working within a month, like the other four. Who 
Quality control is TERRIBLE. I was extremely disappointed that BOTH the 45-piece sets I purchased were defective. There are black speckles, brown spots, even a green spot in the glaze. 
If I could I would give it and it s mfg negative stars!. This thing was the biggest waste of 200 that I have ever spent. First off, I bought 
Not Recommended. The unit is designed more for an external appeal, but not for real use. If you re buying a fish tank for a certain style, then this might 
This is the best thing ever!!!. Man this item is fantastic. I love wasting 80 on pointless furniture. Getting a great cheap plastic looking set that holds all my games 
not good for the money. Haier RTC1700 Extra Large Capacity Convection Oven would be great if the company did a better job puting it together. The first one worked for 
All form,poor function. After waiting a month to receive this item I am very dissapointed in its functionality. The spout is an inconvenient turn valve design as opposed to a 
unpleasantly surprised. Received the item with a small dent on top which I thought nothing of, shouldn t affect the performance I thought. But when I plug everything in, the 
Lasts only two months on average. I ve gone through so many of these that I have lost count. For someone like myself who reads every night for at least 
Look for a shot glass with additional measuring units. I found at a housewares store Bed Bath &amp; Beyond or the like a shot glass with several different units of 
did not get. i ordered this item 5 months ago was told by amazon that i would get this item and it was avaliable and then after 5 months they 
Lower your expectations. The first star is because it fits. The measurements are exactly as described. The second star is because it does indeed hold things, including spices. The stars 
Wet Vac NOT. We bought this wet dry vac because we thought it would be handy to use on spills that occur on carpeting. This does not work at all 
obviously not durable enough. Never got a chance to use this bake & serve set. The first time I ordered it was received smashed into many pieces. The packaging was 
not heavy weight at all. I was disappointed in this towel set advertised as heavyweight. It looked to be WalMart type quality. I would have been better off buyingfrom Linens 
Does not work for inappropriate elimination. We purchased this and the diffuser on recommendation from our vet. We have 4 cats and one insists on pooing once a day outside 
Damaged item on two seperate orders.. I ordered this item because of the great reviews and was excited to receive it. I received the first shipment damaged on both the 
a waste of time and money. This item is a waste of time, money and AA batteries.Unless you re fanatic about foam....forget it  
Cheese slicer doesn t cut the mustard. I wouldn t buy this product again or recommend it to others. The marble surface had a crack. When I washed it, a 
GREAT BUT CHEAP!!!!!!!. The peeler does a fantastic job of peeling potatos. Having said that the cheap engineering for the cheap plastic gears causes it to fail prematurely. After beautifuly 
Expensive mistake from Krups. I bought this coffee maker with great faith in the Krups name -- willing to order online without the touch factor -- I was sorely disappointed. 
awful engineering, awful service. i purchased a 2 1 2 qt WMF pressure cooker. from the beginning the valve that closes by means of the steam pressure lifting a ball-bearing 
Neat concept; but just a heavy broom. Ended up giving it to my parents and buying the Shark. Liked the concept of the broom with a vacuum, but tends to 
I think it works. I have a reef tank, but i m just not sure if this product works. It does increase the calcium levels in the tank simply because 
Don t waste your money!. The LitterMaid is designed to automatically empty your litter box, making it easier for busy cat owners like myself. Having owned one for about 3 
Hate it. Ok well unlike the other reviewers, I hate this ice cream scoop. Yes, it s heavy and seems to be well-engineered. However, I don t like the somewhat 
Light Timer was a dud. I bought my light timer from Target.when I got it I thought Hey, this oughtta be a good one... seeing as it s made by 
I AGREE!. I bought this sheet set, the newest blue comforter with the light saber duel, and the micro bead pillow as a Christmas gift for my 9 year old 
sandpaper. these sheets feel like sandpaper....they didnt fit my pillowtop either, thankfully, so i had to return the  
The Terrible Toaster. Over the years I ve had several toasters and all have performed acceptably but this overpriced unit is unbelieveably bad at doing the job. I tried several 
sent wrong item for the second time. Once again Amazon sent me the tablecloth only, no napkins. This is the second time. I don t need anymore tablecloths. I need 
Picture used and actual color do not match. I ordered these for my Mom who has several different items of the Corelle Coordinates. When they arrived, the color was no 
doesn t work. This steamer just doesn t work. I got it today and tested it out on three different garments and it didn t remove any of the wrinkles. 
Very Small. Nowhere in the description of this product did it state that it was only six inches tall, and made three 4 oz cups. What a disappointment  
Disappointed. The machine was hard to assemble. It never worked so it will be difficult to tell you how well we liked it  
? no manual ?. This product came w o an assembly manual except for dusting instructions . I would not normally consider that a problem except I can t figure 
Yes, too hot. I like this slow cooker somewhat, but I have to agree - it gets way too hot. I have been using slow cookers now for 17 years, 
Bought two, both quite after 3 weeks. I bought two of these and within 3 days of each other they both stopped putting out any moisture. What a waste of 
did a man measure this lid ?. the lid is only 13 wide NOT the 14 as described so if you want a 14 wok lid don t buy it, 
Worked great... for the first 11 months. I loved this blender while it was working. I mostly used it to make smoothies with frozen fruit. I love that it has 
Poor Quality Fountain. If I were to purchase another chocolate fountain I would spend more money and get a better quality one. I couldn t get an even cascade of 
Good design, awful performance. I took a risk and bought this item without reading any reviews, it was definitely a bad idea. Today I m returning it due to the 
not able to use. The comforter is soft and pretty however, it isn t very full and fluffy. The worst of it is that the down feathers fall out of 
poor heat and only lasted a year. too expensive, too little heat, unit quit after a year of intermittent use - I won t buy Vornado again.  
Big disappointment. This pitcher did not withstand the test of time. We had it for approximately two months when the area where the handle connects to the pitcher began to 
utterly confused. i am desperately trying to figure out what is wrong with my machine. i read heaps of wonderful reviews about the great coffee the gaggia is suppose to 
Not as described. I bought this item - Drinkwell Fresh Water Fountain and Reservoir for Cats or Small Dogs - Fountain 6 cup Capacity from PetSmart at Amazon. Though the 
Find another blanket. I purchased this blanket for 30 from Amazon after reading the same reviews I see now. The negative comment about it being too light weight sounds fake 
Bed pillows. Not worth buying. Pillow flattens out as soon as your head hits the pillow and it is noisy.  
replacement fit is poor. Granted, I probably should replace my processor because of its age, but it works fine.I had to replace my bowl recently for myDCL -8 Plus; and 
Keep searching. . . I have been searching for a baster with an injector. This one looked good. It works OK with the injector but it does not work at 
good for mopping tile. Leaves floor rather wet,I would not use on wood. This unit performs NOTHING like the infomercials. I kept it for mopping only. I have alot of 
Not worth the price...keep on shopping. I ve had the toaster for over 5 years and have enjoyed it very much with the speed it toast and how well it 
Lots of problems. Please don t buy this if you think you are going to be juicing carrots and apples and other hard vegetables. Because it is manual, it would 
Horrible, horrible, horrible. I was sooooo happy when I read these reviews because I was ready to give up on slow cooking entirely. I have burned EVERYTHING I ve ever 
Lentek does not support their product. I have had my Super Bark Free for 3 years. Never really worked the way I hoped but I spent so much on it 
I AM WET. I HAVE TWO BATH SHEETS AND TWO HAND TOWELS. THEY DO NOT ABSORB WATER  
Disappointed, very poor performance, wonder how these others are happy with it... I bought this blender because I liked its retro design, and I thought it would function well. Well, 
Doesn t do the job. I found these nearly worthless for drying dishes. They are not absorbent enough. I gave these two stars only because you can use them for 
The carafe is defective. I purchased this item from an appliance store in my city. Though pictured here and elsewhere with a stainless steel carafe, it actually comes with a 
Heavy weight, Super sucking machine. It sure sucks everything up including carpet itself. I m concerned that my carpet will be paper thin in few years. Long cord is good, 
OVERPRICED!. I just had to write something because I can t believe the amount that this tea kettle is listed for on here. 90.00! Come on! The exact tea kettle 
They look nice and cut well but 2 of 4 broke. after just 7 months. So be aware that you might buy into some hassle by exchanging the knifes with 
LACKS the main appeal of having a crock pot and dangerous!. Bought this crockpot from a local dept. store hoping to enjoy it s nice size and color and the 
Juiceman 410, Junk Juicer. I ve had this juicer about 15 months and the motor just stopped without warning. SALTON does NOT sell ANY JUICER REPLACEMENT PARTS, so I now 
cute but don t. Looks like cute little bunnies on my fridge, but they re just eye candy. Shakers don t store a lot of salt or pepper. Handles are 
Very Dissapointed. Upon receiving the sharpener I read the instructions thoroughly. I attempted to sharpen standard, good quality, kitchen knives with very poor results. In fact, some of the knives 
WHAT Toaster?. After shopping carefully online and off, I bought this item at JC Penney on March 25, 2006. Penney s stated regular price is 69.99, with a sale price 
This is not the item pictured - wrong model. This filter is NOT the item pictured flatter top with the orange indicator but the new and awful dome top style 
not worth the money. Not only did this product have no effect on the manic barking of our own dogs, but the company also refused to provide a refund replacement 
Doesn t toast very well. Just purchased this toaster and it is being sent back. Even on maximum setting, it hardly toasts. We tried different breads, different settings and it 
Useless. I d actually rate less than zero. Ads for this sweeper are very misleading. I ve used it 3 times and each time it has only picked up some 
At altitutudes about 3,000 feet. Just got the pressure cooker, and it looks like a great, heavy duty pot. Very nice. Because of the other reviews, my main purpose in 
Doesn t hold up over time. I have had 4 various sizes of the skillets for 2 - 3 years now. When I first got them I was so impressed....and 
think the price is incorrect?. the ad states questionable price? sale price is more than list price  
Doesn t feel like Sateen. These sheets say they are sateen, but, they don t feel like it, they are no where near as soft as the sateen ones that 
Good Design Does Not Have To Be Expensive?. Bought something similar, small crack between the seams where the two walls join after less than a month s use  
Industrial-looking but not industrial strength!. I was happy with the sleek look - but unfortunately it s kind of cheap-O. The vertical rods that keep the paper towel in place 
Don t buy this product. Light is beautiful and functional, and so great for traveling, but first LED light failed almost immediately and second after about 2 months. Too bad. 
Worked for a while... I purchased this ice cream scoop after I ruined one of the antifreeze scoops by washing it in the dishwasher. The scoop works well. However, although 
Piece of junk. This lamp, while very pretty, is a piece of junk. I used it to read in bed and would swing the arm over the bed to read, 
Great Idea, Poor Execution. I LOVED this for the 3 months I used it before the head fell apart, despite hot water leaking onto my hand. It removed wrinkles from 
NOT Pottery Barn!. If what you re looking for is lush, plush truly thick towels, these are NOT it. If you want Pottery Barn luxe, you ll have to go 
Very small individual Round Baker, Red. I really thought this was a big enough bowl to make soup for a family of 6 and it turns out that this is 
Designed by Robots, for Robots. This vacuum cleaner is great in theory. In practice, it appears to have been designed by someone who has never actually had to use a 
Useless - do not buy!. This product is useless. The pump broke after 1 week and the entire thing started to rust after not more than 2 weeks of use. 
disappointed. While the sweeper does do an excellent job of sweeping up everything on the kitchen floor, the next time you use it it dumps most of the debris back 
Dissapointing. The product was very dissapointing. The bars that hang support the hanger bar are not long enough, they don t even clear a women s size medium T-shirt! After 
Not Absorbent. They look nice, but the towels do not absorb much water. I am very disappointed. I suspect I ll use them a few times, then give them to 
hollow ground. This is a hollow ground blade not flat ground which does not cut straight. The blade tends to want to rotate in the cut because of this. Get 
a2Z home center problems-beware before buying. I placed a substantial order, mattresses, sofa set, table set and cocktail tables with this vendor and they cancelled my shipment becuase the cost 
Belgian Waffle Maker. I own this product but on choosing a waffle maker for my daughter, I did not consider purchasing another one. I have had it a year, using 
Stay away from Igloo products!!. I purchased an Igloo refrigerator and within a few weeks it completely stopped working. Curtis International Igloo s parent company has terrible customer service and 
Works for a short time - poor battery charge. It works great when it s charged, but keeping a charge is difficult. I experienced the same as a previous review 
Poor quality control. All 6 of of the glasses in my set were at least slightly misshapen, one was positively a mutant! The stems were not centered, and there were, 
No Lifespan!. I loved this grinder when we first got it because we use a french press, an automatic coffee pot, and an espresso maker. The array of grinds is 
Total gimmick!!. I m sorry, but I have to be the naysayer when it comes to these knives. The television ad claims that these knives never require sharpening, and that 
What glasses do the manufacturer use???. Unless you are cleaning the fishbowl, this thing is useless  
Lodge Original Finish Cast Iron Eight-Section Cornbread Skillet. ok for cornbread but NOT at all for scone  
Not worth it. I could not believe it was for only one cup. I did not read throughly and thought it was for four. Big dissapointment  
defective glasses. We are HUGE Amazon customers and we have always been so pleased with our purchases. However we were shocked when we went to use 4 out of 6 
Water is great, pitcher sucks. The pitcher is difficult to disassemble for cleaning. While in the process of trying to remove it one day, the whole thing bounced across the 
The label says King, but it s really Queen!. I ordered King size, the label says King, but the sheets are Queen size! Plus, there are light blue ink? spots 
The Alfi Is Iffy. It s a beautiful design and color but that s as far as it goes in the world of coffee carafes. The handle on top is 
Terrible Topper. I bought this for an Xmas present and it has since been returned. It never opened up except in small spots throughout the pad. It was a lumpy 
Doesn t work!. It s very cute, but it didn t work - you d wind it up and it would just sit there, not moving, despite all sorts of 
Fun toy for light chewers. This has the potential to be a great toy. There are two squeakers that make two different sounds, and also some crinkly stuffing in part 
Tree Storage bag. The storage bag was too small despite saying it fit up to a 7 1 2 ft. artificial tree.  
Cat-owners Beware. These sheets are indeed much more wrinkle resistant than my old 100 cotton 400-thread count and VERY expensive sheets, but are much thinner, surprisingly, suggesting more delicate threads. 
Piece of Junk. Take it from a Norwegian, avoid this product at all costs if you are seeking a real krumkake iron. It is not a solid cast iron device. 
The only Wilton product that has disappointed me thus far. I purchased this item hoping that it would make leveling and torting round cakes easier. The &quot;blade&quot; a simple wire 
PETSAFE 6 VOLT BATTERIES. I DO NOT THINK THAT THE BATTERIES WERE FRESH. DOESN T SEEM TO BOTHER MY DOG WHEN HE BARKS  
Rusted out. Although a pretty kettle, and with a wide enough base to support a full flame on commercial range such as Viking or Wolf, the inside became pitted and 
Don t buy this vacuum. I bought this vacuum several months ago and to say I was disappointed with it is putting it mildly. I found this vacuum to be 
Too Many Defects for Me. I returned the Honeywell 6011i humidifier because the product had 2 defects and the product was very poorly designed.The 6011i humidifier had 2 defects right 
junk. This is a revision of the salad shooter . Leave this one on the shelf, guys and gals, and go out and buy a real food processor. It doesn 
not good heat. will not last long only a few months old and getting weak alread  
Strong suction, but hard to move around. Ive had this vacumn for about 2 years. After about a year the spinning brush only goes on when the handle is tilted 
Same problem. If you are looking for a plastic box that rotates, then look no further. If you are looking for a space heater, keep looking  
The System Description is Incorrect. This item is actually for the purchase of a radio receiver collar not a wireless system. The description is very misleading and should be corrected 
Not as thick as I expected. The washcloths are ok but I was really expecting athicker more absorbent washcloth that holds a lot ofsoap while in the shower. Good for 
Not very durable. I have purchased a total of three of these collar. They seem to work great for a while then they they need the dog to bark louder 
No Way! Sent it Back!. I own a typical glass french press, which works great. I was willing to try this one because of the traveling capability. I would not 
Worked somewhat well for five years with problems, then failed. The idea is great, and when this attractive mister worked, it was excellent. However, it frequently emitted the olive oil 
Cracked case. Had this grinder for 8 months. Two large cracks have formed in the side of the unit, now they are widening and trapping lots of coffee grounds. I 
A little too noisy. The unit seemed to work well, and produced a nice vapor, but we bought it for bedroom use and it was just too noisy. It produced 
NOT MICROWAVE SAFE or SAFE FOR MICROWAVE!. They should have stated that it the item desciption...who doesn t microwave everything these days? I tired to anyway and sparks flew!!!!I had 
Don t buy this one. I have this dispenser in an area where it only gets used once a day. It takes 3 activations even at the max setting to 
Battery Dies. I used to love the blender two years ago . Fast clean up, easy set up, great for making mayo, hollandaise, whipped cream, soup... Then into hot water 
Regret the buy. The product came chipped on the bottom so its lopsided. Much smaller than anticipated, I can only fit a tablespoon in it  
broke on the first use. COmpletely useless, bad design and very bad quality. broke on the first use. Have used similar ones for 6 years, and never had one broken 
Good for about 10 openings. You would think that after spending a hundred bucks on a wine opener that would be about it. No. After about 10 bottles the screw 
Not worth it. I bought this to simplify making fries, it was a disappointment. It takes a lot of effort to push through a potato, and when it does go 
not soft. I would not use this unless it had a featherbed on top. I have two other waterproof pads from bloomingdales that are more expensive but much softer  
Rival Crockpot. Very disappointed. This pot looks great, but it cooks WAY TOO HOT...even on the lowest setting. The ceramic pot also cracked on my 8th use. I think it 
Update - Okay, finally can get the handle out!. This tool works well, but one must remove the handle before putting it in the dishwasher. When first obtained, could not 
Save Your Warrenty!. Item worked for one year, three weeks. Then had widely varing temperature readings, or indications that the oven had reached over maximum temperature 500 degrees when oven 
huge, and they broke within 2 months. I was very impressed by their size... they were a bit unmanageable though.The first one broke, which was my fault although a sturdier 
Lightless Book light. I used it regularly for 2 weeks and the light went out  
Don t Get Burned--Buy the 2-Slice instead. One day my gorgeous Russell Hobbs toaster went crazy. I started to research another nice looking toaster that would also satisfy my needs 
Hard to clean. I have to agree with another reviewer. I got one of these as a gift and I was really excited about it. But it s a devil 
Very disappointed!. I have several other pieces in this collection which I absolutely love. When I was able to find the salad server set at Amazon.com for a cheaper price, 
Pick a different brand!. The quality of the workmanship is awful! I didn t even get to use it - the top had chips in it and the bottom of 
don t waste your money. This devise leaks and works marginally for spraying oil but it does raise frustration levels. I followed directions very carefully and after finding puddles of 
Was below-average for a while, then jammed. I received this blender for x-mas last year. It has some nice design features good heavy base to prevent tipping, measuring cup built 
Don t Order This if you expect to get it. Ordered the item twice and both times it was rejected in transit by the local shipping station because it was 
Egg Rings Stick. If you are after the egg rings, forget it. Your eggs leave their edges in the rings.As for the bacon press, good grief, how can you mess 
extra light weight. I should have read the other review more closely. This is a good blanket for HOT summer nights! I believe it is too light for cold winter 
The only thing getting steamed was me. There is a clear echo here, so to simply quote the experience of another reviewer, after two months the steamer ceased to function 
sm bamboo steamer. Quality is fine but the 6-inch size is too small to be usefull  
Liked until it broke. We bought this model because it had the different grind capabilities. It quit working after 1 year. We also bought one for my mom and her 
enthusiasm faded after the thing broke. Corrected review:On September 1st, after using it five times to stir soft ice cream, I used this spatula to stir flour into oil and 
Bad Bad Bad and Bad. We bought this sweeper at Christmas over a year ago, IT has never started and they sent another one ofter several months and it did 
Waste of money. All this did was make continuous noise in the bathroom. The plug-in from the grocery store was far superior  
Pretty - but small. Love the matching sugar bowl that comes with this butter dish, and the butter dish is very pretty, however it is too small!! or short rather.. 
Death Trap for Smaller Fish!. I installed one of these in my aquarium this weekend and sat back looking forward to lush greenery in my tank. The system is a 
bad units. it seems that the steamer only works twice the two times it does work its great but then it is over the steamer just quits all together this 
Very disappointing. The Hoover Floormate was great the first two times we used it. Along with the Old English it did a great job cleaning and picking up the solution. 
Must Be Seconds?. These have to be seconds. Soon as I opened the packages.. I ordered 10 packages with 2 each inside I noticed frayed edges... a immediate ut oh 
Design and size good....the rest is marginal. I like the design and size but have been very disappointed that I can t get the smell of paint out of it. 
Very poor quality. This filter was purchased to use with our news Krups coffeemaker. I was skeptical from the beginning, as the basket was flimsy compared to our older Krups 
A piece of junk. It isn t worth the box it s mailed in, let alone 12. The poles and pieces of balsa wood that supposedly hold the thing together 
reconditioned by whom?. This vacuum was highly rated by Consumer Reports and at 99.00 reconditioned seemed a good buy. It arrived by U.S. Mail very poorly packed with chunks of 
Used very little, knob cracked, lid spits steam. I own 4 other Rival crock pots and have never had any problems. One of those is a VERY old one inherited 
WARPS WHEN YOU BAKE EM!. DON T BUY THESE BAKING SHEETS. I PLACED ONE IN A 425 OVEN AND IT WARPED, CAUSING A SPILL AND MESS IN THE OVEN  
Item was not as represented. I chose this item partially because of the on board duster. The vacuum works well but did not have the on board duster. The number 
Saucepan made in Indonesia. Saucepan made in Indonesia was extremely lightweight and pan was distorted so that the lid did not fit securely. There was no way to realign the 
Lentek does not support their product. I have had my Super Bark Free for 3 years. Never really worked the way I hoped but I spent so much on it 
Spacemaker By Black &amp; Decker. I purchased this model yesterday. This morning I decided to install it under my cabinet and per the instructions, held up to the bottom of 
didn t hold up-- all form, lacks function. If a kettle whistle is important to you, this doesn t have one. The OGGI Zephyr is a sleek looking kettle. However, 
Dog interested in noise, not detered from barking. My beagle 13 mo. cocks her head showing that she hears something with a slight pause in the barking process but does 
Delonghi = defective by design. We had a rude awaking today, our Delonghi toaster was on fire. I will never again buy any Delonghi product. The defective design is in 
I bought the mini verson. My wife an I saw this unit in a specialty store, thought is was pretty neat. Then we purchased it on Amazon. We like it 
Do not get!. I also had a problem with the coating flaking off... within the first week of using it. The only reason I still use it is because I 
Poor Design. This product is poorly designed. It appears to be very sturdy but soon broke. The case itself is very heavy but the cutiing wires are flimsy and quickly 
YOU WON T GET HOT COFFEE WITH THIS PIECE OF [....]. I purchased this coffee maker and in three months time, threw it out. What a piece of [....]. You 
Disappointing at best. Disappointing at bestI was truly disappointed in this item. After purchasing it we followed the directions for conditioning the non-stick grids both before using it for the 
Not all that great, but has a couple of nice features .... I bought this while in search of a replacement for my badly missed Bissell steam mop which is 
DITTO! DON T BUY THIS. I bought this nice looking grater to replace a plastic one that felt rickity. It was always awkward to grate with, and after a few 
Relatively thin, poorly constructed cheapo towels. I got a pair of these from Amazon because the price was right.Or was it? Turns out that even at a bargain basement price 
Great idea ... poor execution. Great idea. It took about a week, but after a period of time my cat loved it and now won t drink much without it. 
Disappointing. I bought this model over a Cuisinart due to positive reviews here and elsewhere. Problems however began right out of the box.The machine uses a complicated safety mechanism of 
Avoid this product and beware of iRobot customer service. It appears that there are fans of Roomba products however, iRobot definitely got ahead of itself with the introduction of this 
Loud and Annoying. For such a little fan it sure makes a ton of noise. The power is inconsistent and will start blowing harder and then softer for no reason. 
pike sheet set. This is an order I have been waiting to get since I order it on 1 23 07. I ordered other items with this, I have received 
Mine did not work; seller won t refund; says I used it????. I think this may be a great product, and is why I bought it. However, mine NEVER worked 
Dr. TMS. Not worth the high price. Difficult to clean and very persnickety. Comes with a bunch of sensors that, if not properly triggered, keep it from roasting. Not long 
Broke after a week of use. After a week of use, the knobs on the blade drive coupling chipped broke off. A look at those knobs revealed that they are 
shower guard. Looked for a shower guard for kids. Doesn t fit any of our showers. Has a square corner. All ours have curves where there is grout and corian 
HUGE honkin ugly glasses. We bought some white wine glasses a while back and the Metrokane Rabbits were truly beautiful. We use them 10:1 over our Reidels. After my wife 
Switch broke. I gave this Espresso Maker to my daughter as a Christmas Gift. Unfortunately, the Off On switch broke after the second try.Amazon delivered it quickly--on time & was 
Worked great...until it died. I have always had first alert smoke alarms and they always worked great and lasted for what seems like forever, in fact, i have never had 
Good as a blender, cheap canister. As a blender, this works really well. It has a lot of power and the stir stick helps knock out air bubbles and keeps 
Not enough steam power. Quick to heat up, but takes a long time to steam a garment, and still does NOT get most of the wrinkles out. Don t waste 
Just threw mine out. I m looking for a new humidifier after throwing this one out. I had kept it for a few years thinking I ll use it, but 
Bad Choice. I bought this fryer and used it twice. The 3rd time I got the error message on the screen and could not get it to work, even hitting 
Worked great... for a while. This thing worked fine for about 6 months, I used it mainly for grilling steaks, pork and chicken. But once the cord starts to come 
crap. Be smarter than me and save your money! Description of this vacuum sounds so great I went against my better judgement if it is too good to be true... 
This thing doesn t suck!. The one item in your house that you really wish would suck and it certainly doesn t! This thing blows more air than it sucks 
Fine while it worked. It does the job while it works.. then the wire went slack and finally broke, like everyone else. I could call and get a replacement but 
Garbage sharpener, great magnet. This is a nice fridge magnet to hold pieces of paper on your refridgerator. Not so much to sharpen knives, it s hard to get the 
Do not buy. Unfortunately I also purchased this product and within a few uses I began getting cracks in all my containers.Plastic is very thin and is very low quality, 
broken. I was looking forward to giving this to a friend for Chrismtas but when it was delivered to my house,the sound of broken ceramic rolling around inside prevented me 
not working. When i first got this item i loved it I used it 4 times and it stopped working  
Do not buy this product. I bought this set of four stoppers for use with my Metrokane Rabbit Vacuum Pump because I was not getting good results with the two 
Disappointed, very poor performance, wonder how these others are happy with it... I bought this blender because I liked its retro design, and I thought it would function well. Well, 
I can see why the price dropped!. I had one of the originals...with the vaneer look. --Ugly yes, but it was actually very sturdy & well made. Unfortunately, it got 
Cheap Plastic Cleaner. I have gone through two of these in the past year. Different brands, but look exactly the same. Eventually the cleaner self destructs. The ultra-sonic vibration cracks 
Don t waste your money. We got this vacuum as a wedding present and within the first 5 minutes of use, it completely died. The on off switch no longer 
Not as good as I expected. I bought mine from JC Penney and I absolutely hate it! I even have two of them! Then my mother bought one from QVC 
Great idea, poor reliability. This pet chime was a good idea, but I am sending it back. Sometimes the chime won t ring and at other times it rings on 
You need three arms... I returned this--absolutely unusable. Could not keep bottle engaged WHILE pulling down the two rather unforgiving arms  
Never ever buy!. It s absolutely awful! It burns everything you put in it. The lid doesn t come close to sealing, and it rattles and allows steam to escape, 
Doesn t block-out the light is very low quality material!!. My little 2 years boy is crazy about thomas & friends....his bedroom was decorated with thomas....but the Drapes is very 
Makes Good Waffles, But Needs Re-engineering. This was given to us as a gift. We returned it the next day. Although it made nice waffles, it had three major faults 
Not a high quality insulated tumbler. Received set and tumblers are not good quality. The edges are quite sharp and the glass still sweats. Would not recommend  
Defective. A very impressive looking oven. The temperature dial did not reflect the actual internal temperature of the oven by 50 to 75 degrees. Once I got that sorted out, 
Useless. This can opener worked once and never again. Even with brand new batteries the can opener did not have enogh strength to open a can after the first time. 
Great cup of coffee, but bad design. Recieved as a gift from my parents. Made 2 pots of coffee before the machine broke. The down button got stuck seems this 
All hat, no cattle. This dispenser is made of heavy-gauge brushed stainless, and looks and feels great. Unfortunately, it won t pump soap.The pump head is made of plastic, and 
Nice, but not sturdy. Broke after less than 4 months. A seal isn t holding anymore and won t hold pressure for more than a few seconds. Doesn t seem 
Too fragile for a Rock n Roller!. Very cute, worked for a little while, but when it fell off the bathroom vanity, that was that. It never worked again. Not 
Soft, but not very absorbant. I bought two sets of these towels. The ad said name brand, but when I saw the label, I had never heard of them. They 
Even keep warm too hot. I took water temperatures at high, low, and keepwarm. I am at 5200 ft altitude so water boils at about 195. All temps reached 203 
PIECE OF JUNK. Initially purchased this item due to the easy cleaning feature, however have been very disappointed with the performance since I purchased it only 3 months ago. Edges 
Does not crack small nuts and seeds. Do not believe this line - Ergonomically designed nut cracker is ideal for cracking all sizes of nuts. This nutcracker does not work 
Dogs will pay attention to this..but.. it requires effort from owners. Bought this to help control our Sheltie s barking behavior. When we first tried it, he would stop and 
Dangerous Unit. The Deni 6000 works good for only a few weeks before it fails dangerously. I have 2 units that did the exact same thing. One of the rotating 
Wish that I could give zero stars..... HORRIBLY loud, when I use the food processor i have to leave the room because of the high pitch screech sp? , and 
Be Careful. I ordered the plates and they were warped, like they were from the outlet mall. I was very dissapointed  
Don t bother with this toy!. I was extremely DISAPPOINTED with this toy. The directions basically say pull, twist and let go how hard is that??? Apparently very... I thought 
dont waste your money. Owned for 6 months and several times I ended up with coffee all over the counter and floor... Coffee got under my laminated floor and now 
Very bad quality. I bought this ottoman and I was very disappointed with the quality of this product. One caster was already broken when it is arrived. The casters did 
The WORST LAMP. if your looking for something to add light to your room try looking somewhere else because it doesnt add light becuase the base is a piece of 
not as loud as I expected!. I was looking for a timer that had a loud ringer I could hear from another room while cleaning, so I could check on 
Stopped working!!!. Stayed warm when turned off.Suddenly stopped working after 4 months even though I hardly ever used it .Need to buy another electric burner, but don t know what 
It would have gotten 5 stars, but... This is a great sponge brush - for right-handed people! The sponge twists off when you use it in a counter-clockwise direction, as 
Holes Too Small. I ve used this colander for close to two years, and am sort of surprised by the positive comments on Amazon here. I regularly use it for 
Canister and Filter are Messy to Empty!. Do not buy this vacuum if you have a pet. Cleaning out the canister is a very MESSY job and the dirt and 
Disappointment for an organization freak. The organizer is well made and matched my cabinets and drawers perfectly. However, most of the compartments are stationary, only a few of the pieces 
Table is incomplete. We ordered this table twice and both times it shipped with out a base. Amazon assured us the table would be complete the second time we ordered 
Very Dissapointed!!!. I waited along time to buy this coffee maker...after it finally went on sale I went and made the plunge and bought it. I was so excited when 
The worst vacuum I have ever used. I just use it on hardwood and tile and it still doesn t pick up cat hair - basically it s a very 
Defective Coffeemakers. I purchased this item because of the good inital reviews however, I have just received my replacement coffeemaker and it has the same problem as the first one 
This pot is a bust. Our Krups 199 was a wedding gift two years ago. We loved it--until this morning. See the 2 consumer photos linked above? That s my 
Wanted to Love it... Bought this as a Xmas present for my child and we used it a couple of times...loved the idea...cute concept, worked with just ice cubes...easy to 
Just broke today. It stopped working 6 months after the warranty ran out. According to Sanyo will cost more to fix than I paid. While it lasted it worked fine. 
Use a Roomba instead :- . I bought this attachment after discovering that the base of my new Dyson vacuum stood too high off the floor to be used under 
Didn t like at all!. The can opener does not swing tight and once installed, kept swinging out instead of staying stowed. I bought it because it was so highly 
WORST TOASTER EVER!!!. This is my second Cuisinart toaster. I must say they didn t make a big fuss when I called and said that the first one kicked the 
zero stars, really!. Like the other reviewers, I was impressed by this skillet...until I used it! This should be taken off the market so no one else has to waste 
Hilfer Cotton Sheets. If I could have given this a ZERO rating, I would have. I bought these sheets because they were deep pocket sheets. They have shrunk and no 
too easily broken. I have a habit of wiping the edge of my wine glass during dinner. When I wiped one of these with the edge of a soft napkin, 
Table Fan. I purchased this fan less than 60 days ago in a different color and from a different source. I was very pleased with it until it suddenly started 
Garbage that should cost about 50 cents. You can buy a better product at an all-for-a-dollar store. This is a complete rip-off for naive cat owners. Please don t waste 
Didn t last long. It started out great. Then the step mechanism broke after two months. Not worth the money  
Poor Quality. Save Your Money!!!!!. I wish I had read some of the reviews for this product before I bought it. I was SO disappointed with the quality of the 
Nice while it lasted... As with the reviewer above, I purchased this fan from another store and it worked well at first. The remote was a nice touch and the 
Warm, but not toasty. The Sharp Warm and Toasty microwave is a clunky hybrid of toaster and microwave. It takes 10 minutes to toast a muffin. The software is buggy-- 
Not Absorbent. They look nice, but the towels do not absorb much water. I am very disappointed. I suspect I ll use them a few times, then give them to 
These mats smoked terribly in the oven and made food taste like plastic. I purchased these and hand washed as stated. I placed them on a cookie sheet and made 
This fan will cook you at night.... The fan works well as long as you do not use the temperature control feature. The biggest flaw is its design. It does 
Blender s motor died after 2.5 months. I received this blender as a Chirstmas gift. I use it several times each week to blend bananas and milk, that s it. 
Just Say NO!. I purchased this fryer after the death of our previous deep fryer thinking you get what you pay for. So I splurged. Yes, I read the reviews 
Sharp R-230KW 800-Watt 4 5 Cubic-Foot Compact Microwave. The Sharp microwave was reasonably priced and arrived just as promised. The packaging was extremely poor and I was elated to discover 
Borderline dangerous. I have four 16-piece sets that I received for my wedding. They are beautiful plates, but they have a tendency to split in half with normal use - 
A Dud!!!!. I remodeled my kitchen and purchased a ceramic stove top and was no longer able to use my cast iron gridle to make my tortillas, so I was 
Worst customer service experienced via a product purchased on Amazon. I purchased this product based on the features and the fact it has a one year warranty. After 6 months 
Looks cool, kept me sort of cool...too bad it broke so quickly. Bought this to cool my office desk. I would say it provided a very gentle breeze. I didn 
I wasted my money. There is a flat-out lie on the side of this box. It reads, Available in 3 sizes to easily accommodate any size aquatic turtle. I have 
An ill-conceived affair. It s hard to describe what a mess these shelves are. What you cannot see from the photo is that it is held together with PLASTIC parts 
Bare Floors Maybe, Carpet Not So Much. I bought this cleaner for use in between major vacuuming. It clogs very quickly without having swept up very much. It is probably 
Disappointed. I received this for Christmas from my mother and it worked only once. The motor burned out and the company would not honor the warranty. Both the company and 
Not even close to professional. So that others do not make the mistake that I did, I am writing this review. This cookware performed well for about two years. However, 
Hard to clean. The textured surface sounded like a good idea but wait until you try to clean it! When frying ground beef or browning anything all the brown bits 
timer is difficult to use. I ve never sent in a review before, but after reading the one posted Dec 6, in which the writer says that she loves the 
It s too small. The description is wrong for this product. I thought it was going to be a regular sized pie dish, but deeper. It looks like it would 
Great while it worked. For the last six months I ve loved this. It did it all. Unfortunately, it s now off by 75 degrees. I ll be sending it 
Short life span. These refills are ridiculous. Yes, they are simple to use, but the maximum life span is about two weeks. I ve gone through at least 6 sets 
Not very good. Bought this at Target, returned it the next day. Not even close to the quality of B&D T-R-O s from even a few years ago. Summed up 
You can do better. I purchased this item last May, and although at first I was thrilled to have an automatic litter box, I soon realized that it was very 
It will block the flow of the water. I have found the leaking problem for the fountain. It is the filter. It will somehow block the flow of the water, 
Pay more get more. Not the best sheet experience. My legs broke out in a rash. Best to wash before using, I guess. The thread count is a bit lacking, 
Never again. I could not believe the condition in which this rolling pin arrived. When I opened the bag around the pin one handle fell off. When I looked at 
It would be great if Packaging was BETTER!. First off, a big thumbs down to the packing of this product!Mine arrived in the mail...BROKEN, and the box was full of 
Great stockpot. I love this stockpot. It has a nice heavy-duty bottom, so food doesn t burn. The offset handles don t get hot. Great pot for the money  
DO NOT BUY ANY SELF PROPELLED HOOVER VACUUMS. HOOVER HAS A KNOWN PROBLEM WITH THE BELTS STRETCHING OUT ON ALL THE SELF PROPELLED VACUUMS, BUT WILL DO NOTHING FOR CUSTOMERS 
Warning: Good Chance It Will Leak!. I bought this aquarium for my son for his birthday last summer and thought it was great... that is until it started leaking about 
Rotten little finger-slicer. The professional review is a puff-piece. This is a horrible piece of kitchen equipment. It is a flimsy piece of plastic and a danger to the cook.There 
not worth for the money paid. This is not a non-stick. When I cook rice it sticks to vessel. becoming difficult for cleaning  
Not happy with the set. The picture shown on the package is not on the sheet set. It is the picture that is on the comforter. Because it was on 
saintluciejudy. This item is not what I thought it would be. It does not even hold a 1 1 2 pound loaf of bread. It is not worth the price 
Don t bother. I echo the former review. The filter becomes clogged almost immediately and the motor starts to overheat. I don t know what this thing is meant to 
Waste of Money!. It s a beautiful mug we ve bought 2 but it drips, doesn t keep the temperature, it s a nightmare to clean and it s not 
don t bother - it won t bubble. I bought and returned 3 of these in one week. The first one never bubbled, the second one bubbled for 10 mins 
not a good buy. Very wobbly, and sharp edges on the edges of the shelves. I cut myself bad enough to require stitches on the underside of the shelf. I 
AWEFUL Product... I have a Rottie and the large 48x36 wire crate with the ABS Plastic pan. AWEFUL, AWEFUL, AWEFUL. The tough, durable plastic pan has cracked 3 times in 
Rival No Customer Service. I recieved one of these for Christmas, I would love to tell you how it works.....but it is missing a plastic piece. Now to be fair, 
half gone. I received 2 sets of these glasses for a shower gift in April. Of the 12 larger glasses that I started with, I only have 5 left. They 
Poorly designed, labor intensive product. This is a poorly desgined humidifier that has four seperate pieces, on wheels, that are held together by gravity only. They warn you not to 
Not a winner. This holder comes in two parts - the small one, for steak and small knives, was adequate and compact, but our drawer was a quarter inch too 
works ok but bad warranty. I bought this for 5 and while it did an ok job at picking up little things, it did after only a handful of uses. 
Is this supposed to be a Cooling Fan?. I recently purchased this fan to cool my bedroom & have even the slightest noise while I sleep. Well, I guess the 
Neat concept; but just a heavy broom. Ended up giving it to my parents and buying the Shark. Liked the concept of the broom with a vacuum, but tends to 
not for all dogs. I have a very hyper mini schnauzer and i thought that i could control her aggressive barking and yapping. It is very out of control and 
Auto Shut Off?. I did a lot of research and chose this juicer based on reputation, motor power and style. I exchanged the first one and am now going to 
What I don t know about my hot plate. 1. At least it arrived. 2. It didn t cost too much. 3. I haven tused it, so can only give 
Nice wood, awful hardware, worse instructions. First off, this is available at the Ewins site for 30, should you decide to plunge.The construction of the wooden parts is pretty nice, 
Not like they used to be.... I returned the set, it was not the quality of the Revere Ware I m accustomed to. I have some Revere Ware that is 
Better than nothing . . . If I had to do it over again I would try a different mat something larger made of soft foam rather than hard plastic 
Don t waste your money. I bought 3 of these and I threw them all away. Your coffee will stay hotter in a thermos than on this warmer. I think 
Bad experience. I added this as a backup to an older Oster that works great, and have been very disappointed with this one. It takes 10 minutes to make a 
Yes, but no. The hot pot worked great--I could use it at my desk at work to heat up water for a cup of tea super-fast under 2 minutes . 
Bad warranty policy. My collar stopped working after 3 months. Innotek doesn t honor their warranty unless you buy from an authorized dealer which doesn t include Amazon  
The above picture is not correct. Read the info about this product carefully. This listing is not for kitchen scissors, but rather poultry shears. Chef s choice does make the 
Don t waste your money!. I thought this little steamer would be perfect for removing wrinkles before I leave the house for work. It worked great the first time that 
Nothing like the picture! Yuck. I was completely dismayed with the overall appearance of these dishes - the fleur-de-lis looked like a bug, and the patina was very blotchy and 
can t afford to shop like this. Toaster was defective. Had to send it back. Cost me 20 in shipping and I have nothing to show for it  
Terrible, DO NOT ignore negative reviews!. I ignored the negative reviews. What I got myself was a huge pain! This thing is a terrible vaccuum. It vaccuums dust and sand- 
IT SHRANK!!. The 800 count weave is wonderful. BUT - we washed it exactlyas advised in the instructions, and the thing SHRANK!!! Itfits 3 corners of the bed, but even 
Stripped screws, leg falls off. I have had this chair for 6 months now and I am dissatisfied. The screws were stripped for the legs and after just a little 
Product apparently doesn t exist. Be Aware Before you Order! On Oct. 31, 2006 I ordered two cases of bottles through Amazon, to be delivered from Stacks and Stacks. When 
It really sucks! And not in the way it s supposed to!. Moved into a new home. Wanted a brand new vacuum for my brand new carpets, decided to try 
defective product. found product to have serious flaws . however I still like the design  
works well but very small capacity. I thought it would be good for heating chocolate for the Sephra fountain. It s really very small and therefore has limited usefullness  
Terrible quality. This toy was destroyed by my 6 month old Shepherd pup within the 5 minutes that I turned my back on him.Caveat: This review is about the product, 
Can you say Sweat shop. For the price I paid for the sheets and comfortor, I could have gotten a really nice set at the store. The sheets are see 
Mini-Mixer vs Aerolatte... edited review - 4 Stars. I tried to change the # of stars to 4 in this edited review but couldn t. The Mini-Mixer MM is cheaply 
nonstick coating peeling off. We ve had our skillet a few months and now the nonstick coating is peeling off like crazy. What a waste of money and natural resources. 
I don t think I like it. Well, its uz hot to the touch and it hasn t really seemed to help my cat with her tension. Maybe she just 
Villaware V3400. I bought this belgiam waffle maker 30 days ago. It worked fine for 30 days and then the iron stopped heating up. I contacted Villaware and they suggested 
Brewer Leaks. It brews good coffee, looks great. Problem is it leaks a lot onto the burner and below the unit. We have sent it back and had 2 replacements. 
DO NOT BUY - Lifetime Warantee my... I received this set of knives for Christmas 2006 and the larger knife came defective. And since they advertise a limited lifetime warranty 
PUR WATER COOLER & FILTERS. As of 3 9 07 these new filters w out the life indicator do NOT fit in the water cooler they do fit other Pur 
No effect on the dogs. I picked this up after reading the 50 50 reviews. One of our dogs ran over to it and jumped up to see what it 
Color is way off.... Per the photo I was expecting hunter or forrest green. The color is a pale ugly yellowish green. I haven t used them so I can 
Poor engineered coffee grinder. Makes good coffee but grinder lid breaks very often and has to be replaced. Since the lid is costly to replaced we bought a separate Krups 
Pinzon Hotel Sheets. The feel of the sheet is good, but the details, such as the elastic are questionable. Elastic on fitted sheet is loose and slips off easily  
Gravel Vac needs more power. The idea is good, but there just doesn t seem to be enough suction power...unless you want to spend 5 or 6 hours vacuuming your 
VERY SMALL IN SIZE. Although solidly made, this is a VERY SMALL whisk. Nine inches sounds big, but this will only suffice for whisking 2-3 eggs, or for those occasions 
Pourly Made. I have used this ice cream maker 4 times and on the 4th time themetal pin that turns the paddle broke. I find that the metal pin onlygoes 
coffeemaker. The coffee is extremely hot from this coffeemaker. Beware! I find the product adequate but not outstanding. It is difficult to insert the pot all the way in after 
It drives us nuts...... We bought this LG Stainless Steel Toaster for our office, and the nightmare has started ever since. We ve had them we bought 2 for about 
Won t Buy Again. This opener does not last. It cuts all the way around and fails at the end of the cut, leaving a shred of metal that must 
ULTRASONIC JEWELRY CLEANER. This product cleans no better than a cup of soapy water and a toothbrush. In addition, the order was shipped in duplicate  
Lousy froth!. My previous espresso machines were Krups and Starbucks Barista. Having good experience with my previous Krups, I thought this machine would be as good. NOT. No crema. Steam 
Slow, messy, overpriced. I was very excited about this product when I ordered it, unfourtunatly the product didn t meet my expetations. It is extreamly slow, much slower than a 
Good, but not Great. I loved this item for the first few months and then it broke down for whatever reason. My problem was with the company. I spent about 
unimpressed. these glasses don t have the heft or size to accomodate a serious whisky drinker. Cute juice glasses, but not a cornerstone to your bar collectio  
Great concept - Poor execution. I ordered two of them - one was broken; the other developed a hairline crack as soon as I put water in it. I ll 
Krups could have done better. This product performs poorly. Within 1 month of receiving it, water no longer flowed through the coffee. After complaining to Krups, sending it for repairs 
Bad product from the start. I wish I read the bad review before I bought this. I may return it, but it took me more than an hour to peel 
Don t buy it. If you re looking for a pan that will last several years, this isn t the pan for you. If you want one that will last 
cheap, noisy and messy. cheap and splashes water all over the place. noisy to  
Mattress is too thin. Very disappointed in this. The futon is too thin, and you can feel the slats right through it.  
nice gimmick, but not a nice sharpener. The hype and sales pitch sounds great, but this is far from great. I tried it out on a couple of my cheaper 
You Get What You Pay For. I opted for a less expensive heart waffle iron based on the Cuisinart name. Yuck. Although the redlight greenlight is a nice feature the 
Defective. I received this coffeemaker for Christmas. After two months of use, it quit working. I contacted Hamilton Beach and they sent me something to clean my coffeemaker. It still 
Didn t fit, low quality. Most of the time I get a good deal shopping for bargains on Amazon, but this wasn t one of those times. The sheets were 
The knife from hell. I purchased this knife and was twice sent the wrong knife. I returned the first wrong knife and was sent a second wrong knife. When I 
Disappointed. I bought this knife for 35.00 at linens and things. I vacillated between this and the 80 version. I made a mistake. When the knife was finally extricated from 
Not Happy. This mattress is very very hard. I have tried many memory foam mattresses in the retail shops and expected something similar. It is not. I slept on it 
I was very disappointed in this product. The second time we used the meat fork, the handle snapped off  
Awkward. This wok is heavy and unbalanced - it can tip while on the element.The long handle is thick and uncomfortable, and its solid weight is probably what unbalances the 
No base and broken when delivered. I, too, received this table with no base. Not only that, there was inadequate packing materials and the table top was cracked and falling 
Arrived damaged. Beautiful item, mine also arrived with chips on the outside rim. Beautiful set, have not received my refund yet but suspect it is a delay due to the 
Two thumbs down. Please read David Maces s review. I bought mine about two years ago and just today the plastic part mentioned by Mr. Mace failed. A sturdy, sleek 
Very Difficult. I bought this ready to do a lot of things with it. I haven t been able to sew one thing. You have to use it with the 
Worst can opener I have ever owned!!!. Bought this to replace a cheap Rivan can opener that had a broken lid-retaining magnet. Biggest mistake. It routinely drops cans - even 
over priced plastic leaking doesn t keep coffee hot JUNK. No stars is what this should be. Where do I start??? The machine brews the coffee everywhere but into the 
tropix rainbow tumblers. they are advertised to be 16oz tumblers and hold less than 12 ozs of liquid without ice so with ice they hold about 8 ozs of liquid. 
Mediocre in every way. This was a seventh anniversaty gift, and being made of copper is its only real benefit. Two of the welded connections between the rings were broken 
insane, dope smoking engineers designed this. Had the original Toshiba until it died ; no longer is that one made. We bought the ugly round Cuisinart, which lasted for 5 
Negative Stars Would be More Honest. I was desperate for a warm moisture humidifier and, despite the bad reviews, went ahead and bought this one. What a mistake. After working 
I d like to review but.... It would be nice if I could find 2.6 oz canned chafing fuel to use with item. I d like to test it out, 
Useless or defective. When the Zyliss arrived, I removed it from the shipping box. I did not try to use the product until several weeks after receipt.It has a slider 
If you want to feed your child metal, buy this one!!. I recommend not buying this product. I used it to grind chicken, and was happy to see it working, 
Dissappointed. I really wanted this set and this was the only site that I was able to find it. My shippment was received shattered because no padding was included in 
Hot- in a bad way. Wish I had read some of the reviews before I bought this- They are right, what a piece of junk!!!! The unit does get quite 
dissatisfied. I received this item - in the description is stated is was 17 inches long when in reallity it was 22 - unable to use still sitting in the 
Doesn t toast the tops. The toasting slots are too shallow. When I use normal, presliced bread, the top half-inch of my toast doesn t get toasted at all.  
Kaput after just 2 months. As several other reviewers said, the clock lost several minutes a week requiring that it be re-set periodically. This was tolerable since the coffee it 
save your money. Unless you look like Popeye and or have the ability to rip phone books in half with your bare hands, you will struggle to wring this mop 
Shipping continues to be a problem. I adore Lenox Tuscany Classics, collect them myself and buy them as gifts for friends. I have ordered Lenox Tuscany Classics, or had them 
a mysteriously horrible product. It looked like it would work,It turned like a high quality itemIt won t open even 1 6 of a can as a newlypurchased item.Go cheap 
Not happy with product. We could not get the bread to rise properly no matter how much we tinkered with the ingredients. We also tried the exact recipe that turned 
BEWARE. Yes watch out, pls always try to read review before buying. Its true the picture is deceiving, but what I don t understand is why Amazon keep using this 
PASTA INSERT IMPOSTER. ITS GREAT IF YOU HAVE EVERY OTHER CALPHALON LINE ITEM. BUT DON T BE FOOLED WHEN THEY MENTION STAINLESS STEAL, IT DOES NOT, AGAIN DOES NOT FIT 
Bodum Ceylon Ice Tea Maker w Filter. Doesn t even come close to working with loose tea...........save your money! In short garbage at any price!!!!  
Thin Sheets. You get what you pay for on these and I should have skipped it...but I ve gotten some great deals on Amazon before. However, these sheets were a 
Tools. These are great towels if you can get them. They are very soft and a great price but I ordered them in December and they came in one at 
Turntable did not work. The microwave was defective. Fortunately, Amazon agreed to take it back with full refund. I am definitely switching brands on my next purchase  
good looks bad quality. I bought a blue one.The mug looks nice enough, but it cracked the first time I filled it with hot water for tea.Get your act together 
Time to Check the Warranty. The thermometer looks really good at first. Great range for candy making unlike one of the more inexpensive models that Amazon sells and reasonable wire 
Messy, messy, messy. I grind beans for my coffee every morning. I was using a Krups grinder and decided to switch to this quieter grinder...sold the old grinder in a 
Same problem everyone else has with controller - piece of junk. We had the unit for two months before one of the controllers started giving an E 4 error message. 
Very disapointed. I bought this as it was just a little bit bigger than my preent coffee maker..I could get 3 mugs of coffee out of it.., rather than 2...However, 
Broken upon arrival and fan broke yesterday. I bought this item no more than two months ago. And the motor in the fan already broke. When it arrived the plastic 
soviet design -- bulky, heavy, and imprecisely put together. This juicer is extremely heavy, made of industrial type metal parts, but it s poorly machined and assembled. The heavy parts 
Not a Very Good Scale. I bought this scale from Target, and was disappointed with the results. It took a long time to measure the food I placed on it, 
too sharp. I have been a homemaker for almost 20 years and I have a lot of experience peeling vegetables...I am fast and have rarely cut myself. However, I bought 
cheap flatware. had to send it back. Not hefty enough for us. Felt like plasticwar  
Don t buy this cooker. My experience is the same as the other two reviewer. This crockpot has a design flaw that the condensation leaks out. I will not leave 
Piece of junk NO WARRANTY FROM MANUFACTURER. I bought this item in October 2005, by January it had developed a crack across the bottom and up the side of the 
Did they listen!. Hamilton beach has ruined an expellant product the `TrueAir Cool Mist Humidifier by making the replacement filters so badly.A big disappointment, the filter gets moldy after a 
100 Failure. I purchased two of this item, for a total of four space-bags. I used them according to the instructions, putting less into them than the commercials indicate. Within 
Borderline dangerous. I have four 16-piece sets that I received for my wedding. They are beautiful plates, but they have a tendency to split in half with normal use - 
if you d like a hot water sprinkler... this crock pot has 3 settings: warm, scalding and blast furnace. warm cooks nothing, scalding evaporates liquids and drys food in less 
NOOOO! Don t Waste your . I was wanting something to make cleaning the kitchen floor a bit easier. This broom needs to be held at a particular angle for 
The honeymoon is over!. After burning through several cheap vacuums, I bought this product with confidence after my trepidation was eased by the great reviews. I bought this 10 months 
Not powerful enough and too tall!. This blender comes with the battery unit that sits on top of the removable motor which sits on top of the blender shaft. This 
Horrible product!! Stinks! More work than traditional litter boxes. This is a very poor product. What you are buying is a cardboard box that holds the disposable litter tray cartridge 
Misleading?. These sheets were quite thin, and like the label said, needed touch-up ironing -- on every square inch. I won t accept the excuse that you get what you 
I hate it!. It s a piece junk. The color rubs off and stained my sofa and all over the clothes that I was wearing. The size was too small. 
looses suction, terrible on stairs, difficulty w tools. I used this about 6 times. the first time i could barely push and pull it bcs the suction was so strong. 
Danby dissapointment. The first dishwasher that I received from Etronics was dented, dirty and looked as though it had been used. I complained, they picked it up, and one month 
Not for daily use. I bought a set of these glasses. I was happy with the thick bottoms and thought they would be good sturdy glasses. They did not last 
A bit disapointing. In viewing the product, I thought the warmer also came with the cup... as most coffee warmers do. The cup was actually the selling point; so, I 
Nice Name Poor Performance. I recently purchased the NEW Waring juice simply because I knew the name and quality of products they typically produce.This juicer does have a larger feed 
My Real Rating is 0 Stars. If you want to waste your money on a useless product, then buy shedender. The people that give it a decent review on this 
lack of instructions. I found it very awkward trying to stabilize the pump with one hand, and pull the pump up and down to get the air out.Also I can 
Underpowered, leaves sharp edge on can, slow. I was expecting a device that cut the roll-seam of the lid, but this one cuts the can just below the lid. The 
SMALL. Purchased this box from my daughters Amazon Wish List, so I have no one but myself to blame. It is so small that not much salt can be stored. 
Not for Senseo!!!!!!!!! Only for Black & Decker GT300. Replaces the Black & Decker GT300 HomeCafe coffeemaker s pod holder ONLY!  
Unuseable and unreplaceable. Received this as a gift a year ago. Pulled it out of the box set it up with a stew and when I got home... Well, the 
The worst customer service and shipping ever. I ordered this item on 9 26 06 because I was gone over a weekend and somehow my roomates managed to gunk up 
disappointment. The only good thing which occurred when I bought this item from Amazon was it arrived with in two days. I was quite disappointed when I opened the package 
Run of the mill Colander. It was ok, but not grate. I found a better one on E bay and threw this one in the trash. It colandered the food 
Near worthless for candy. This thermometer gives completely inaccurate readings unless you have at least the first 1.5 inches in the food. If any part of that sensor area is 
Skin is still dry. I moved out to LA from NY and there is considerable less amount of humidity in LA.My skin was drying up. So I asked and was 
Beautiful and broke. I can t believe the way Amazon packed these dishes. They were thrown in a box with virtually no padding. So of course several of the plates 
Not worth the money I paid!. Baring the Calphalon name I was expecting something really nice, especially for the price I paid through Amazon of 84.95 - boy was I 
Find another blanket. I purchased this blanket for 30 from Amazon after reading the same reviews I see now. The negative comment about it being too light weight sounds fake 
You are buying rubbing alcohol!. Look up the ingredients yourself. I foolishly bought this for my bikini line, because what good is hair removal if it is replaced by bumps? 
Find a metal pan on eBay. Go to eBay. There is one seller whose ebay ID is valuecrate. They sell metal pans that are durable and tough  
bad description. This is falsely advertised. These are cereal bowls. I had them replace and they sent cereal bowls again. DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Nice cooking, terrible nonstick surface. I ve had my electric skillet for approximately 2 years. I love the way that it cooks and has easy cleanup. I had only used 
Poor exterior finish. Even though I am very careful with how I use and store my pots and pans the exterior of this set scratches very easity due to normal 
Norpro Chicken Timer. This timer arrived in two pieces - top half and bottom half. They could be reconnected, but would never stay connected. This is a piece of junk 
Underpowered, leaves sharp edge on can, slow. I was expecting a device that cut the roll-seam of the lid, but this one cuts the can just below the lid. The 
Wrong Bowls sent and returned twice Billing a BIG question. I never received the large bowls. The small cereal bowls were sent twice quickly but wrong size both times and 
Not to be confused with quality copper. These canisters are sort of decent, I suppose, just not anywhere near the quality I was looking for. If you ve invested in 
Rip -off. Considering buying this vacuum? Then just throw the money out the window. I was so disapointed by this vacuum. It does not pick up pet hair, it doesn 
Not as easy to use as I thought. The sliding measuring spoons were very difficult to slide even for someone not having arthritis making this item not very user friendly. 
Would Never Order Anything Like This Again. I thought the dishes were beautiful when I saw them on line. However, when I received them at home they were VERY POORLY 
Pizza didnt cook well. OK Im not a great pizza maker. I donot know what went wrong, but my top portion of the pizza browned but botton crust was not 
Worst set. Worst set of sheets I ve ever owned. Washed them, and put them on the bed directly out of the drier: The fitted sheet ripped at two different 
Nice at first... Bought the non-chrome version of this about 1 year ago. Worked great. After about 2 months of use, the innards fell apart. No big deal, just tighten 
Martex Vellux Blanket. It looked okay when I opened it. Then I washed it before using and my washer and dryer were full of cranberry colored lint wet in the 
Don t Bother. I have hardwood floors and area rugs no carpet . Although this vacuum sucks up enough for me to empty the container, I still run over and 
Will not keep an edge. We finally broke down and went looking for a complete set of quality kitchen knives. The name Wushof came up several times and we purchased 
Didn t work. Tried attaching this to my tile sink splashboard... never would hold. Tried reattaching several times and would consistently fall off  
It just doesn t work. My wife and I are tired of cleaning up after our 4 cats. Though the Catgenies are terribly expensive to purchase and to keep stocked 
Not the most efficient gadget. Positives are that it is a sturdy, heavy, good-looking, loud and easy to read timer. However, while it s easy enough to set, it takes 
Accident waiting to happen. This product seemed like a good idea. I mix my own cereal, and add lots of nuts and seeds. So it is a lot heavier than 
Delonghi Cafe Nabucco- the leaking coffee maker. I bought this coffee maker about 2 years ago. Used 2 x daily and cleaned every month with either vinegar or special cleaner. 
Inferior Quality and Sitram Poor Customer Service. After 6 months of use, the handle holder on the lid came off due to fatigue at welding joints. Since the other pieces 
Okay but there are better options. I ve had this pasta maker for 9 months and used it regularly over that period. Overall, it does what it is supposed to 
Go with a different brand!. No lid!!! Rather spend the money on a brand that thinks before selling 1 2 of a replacement piece  
Update - Okay, finally can get the handle out!. This tool works well, but one must remove the handle before putting it in the dishwasher. When first obtained, could not 
Didn t last long. I bought this item a few years ago and then it just stopped working. First it wouldn t shut off, then it stopped all together. I 
SCAM SCAM SCAM. What a piece of junk. I bought this machine finally today as it was the only one available in any store near me and I didn t 
SOOOO FRUSTRATED. Listen, I have bought several of these book lights, every time they break. It is not the bulb, or the plug or the batteries, it is the wiring. 
Not what I expected. Given its price, I purchased this laundry hamper NOT expecting a top of the line solution to my laundry needs but this hamper didn t even 
Only for Small Books!!. After reading the one review on this site I ordered the bookmateand eagerly awaited it as I was using a Fellowes plastic bookstand for my softcover 
looks and feels good but to thin. This is a nice looking comforter, however, it lacks in the filling. The comforter is thin in most areas so it is not 
Clean immediately after use or experience mold. I got one of these attractive looking boards and treated it with a beewax-based wood maintenance product. The board sucked up very little 
Un-Du Adhesive Remover. I was very unhappy with how the product worked. It squirted all over. It only made the adhesive gummy. And you could smell the petroleum. Our waste 
Noise, low pressure, grounds in my coffee.... I was very excited when my F7 arrived. Out of the box it looked good. After that, it was all downhill. The first 
Get Stoned. Do not be tricked into buying an easy sharpener. They DO NOT work. Spend the same money or less! on a good stone set that has various angles 
wildly broken in delivery. Usually break free product but SMASHED in Amazon delivery and then had to wait 4 weeks for credit.BOO  
Ravioli cutter that I never received. Thanks for reminding me! I never received the ravioli cutter. I had to purchase another one elsewhere. Sorry I didn t let you know 
bad buy. after one use the non stick teflon started to peel off in big pieces an absolute waste of mone  
its sucks. got it to work once but can t now dont buy it!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
I wouldn t trust it. I m glad that everyone else has had a good experience with this, but mine was horrible. This cart collapsed not once, but twice for 
Best looking way to make a terrible cappuccino. I m Italian born and raised there and I grew up on cappuccinos. This is in absolute the most gorgeous way to 
Stay away from this Coffemaker. I bought this coffeemaker as replacement for my Starbucks model that I accidentaly damaged. Unit stop working after a month. Quality and taste of coffee 
BEWARE! YOU WON T GET WHAT YOU SEE!. I made the mistake of buying this, but what i got was not what is pictured. The filters that came did not 
Big Mess. My credit card was charged 97.89 on Feb 3. No book ever arrived. I can t believe that the correct price is that high for one single book.Please 
lapinator comfortable but hot!. I own a Lapworks laptop desk, which I loved until the little rubber bumbers lost their stickiness and my laptop started sliding. After a false start 
Sometimes the Ordinary is Better. In use, the cutting blade is hidden from view, so you can t see what you re cutting. A minor inconvenience. One of the 2 
loose lid. The ceramic is slightly cheap and the lid doesn t fit properly so it s kind of pointless because it is a travel mug! The cobalt blue is 
Attractive but not functional. This dispenser has a strong resistance and makes it difficult to pull back the lever with the thumb. When it closes, it tends to leave behind 
After a while it leaks, but give them a chance to make it right. This coffeemaker s design is flawed. But my customer service experience on complaining about it was 
Overrated and overpriced. Having bought this knife over a year ago I must say I have had much better for less. I have since purchased a carbon steel Japanese Sashimi 
Cute but not practical. This Tea Cattle is absolutely adorable. It is not practical for daily use. The spout doesn t pour cleanly and water ends up all over the 
Can t Review the Black & Decker Power Scrubber, Because I CAN T GET IT!. I assume that Amazon s refusal to ship the Power Scrubber to an FPO Military 
It is not microwave safe. One of the plate I bought broken during a 50 seconds medium heat microwaving, so I doubt it is really good for microwave. When I 
Not so Hot. This product works ok if you are simply taking something out of the oven or microwave and setting it down right away. I wouldn t hold on 
Don t buy waste of money and Energy. We bought the Vitamix 5000 about 1 1 2 years ago. Since then we had only trouble with the machine. With the 
strange sheets. The quality was disappointing and does not compare with my old 200-thread-count 100 cotton percale sheets which were made in the USA unfortunately the American factories are now 
Omie and Izzy s Review. Omie & Izzy are brother sister kitties about 6 months old. They received this as a gift: It s fun when someone plays with us 
Better than nothing. If you can t use dryer sheets or fabric softener, this is better than nothing at all. Static cling still abounds, unfortunately. Many times the balls get 
Squeak squeak. The complaints about the pepper grinder squeaking and spitting out huge chunks of peppercorns are 100 true. Try to avoid this one if you can. I would try 
Raggedy!. I made a mistake in buying this item thinking since I had one when I was little it would be similiar.It is not,the edges are stiff and strings are 
SIZE WRONG. Picture states 4 x 41 4 size measures 3 x 3 1 4 inch. Not the size that was stated with the picture  
Don t buy it from Dynadirect. The Corningware dish is great, my 1 star is not for the item, it is for Dynadirect. They are HORRIBLE! Item was backordered, but 
horrible. this design was flawed. I mean it was sorry. You lose suction. there is too much cording at the bottom. I had to use a coat hanger. It is 
Works well, but is it poisoning me?. I love the way this works , but the second time I used it the no stick coating starting coming off in my 
Not actually queen sized. This memory foam piece was not nearly the same size as the other queen sized piece I purchased. But other than that, it s comfortable.  
Plastic is better. I ordered this set for my Father in Law for Christmas this year. Although they shipped these glasses quickly, they were of the poorest quality I have 
lousy quality towel!. It wasn t as fluffy or thick as expected, and the colour was more blue than purple which didn t measure up to the image as well 
Used Once and it Destructed!. I bought this pot and I made Sauce in it. When I was stirring the sauce, I noticed white flecks floating around. I emptied the 
Hard to put in place. The spice rack looks nice. Won t know the quality until I can use it and see how much weight it will take. I had 
Poor Product and Poor Customer Service. I used this dutch oven according to the manufacturer s instructions and after the second use, part of the enamel on the bottom of 
it s sucks. Please do not buy they do not packge the refigerator right it comes with dents and parts are missing!!!!!!  
Does NOT fit all 12 cup coffeemakers. The writeup is incorrect. This does not fit all cuisinart 12 cup coffee makers, it definitely does not fit the dcc 1200. While 
If I could rate it zero stars I would have. I had the CE100 for all of 3 days and it was just awful, I ended up exchanging it for 
save your . Save your 12 bucks. This timer has a nice look, that is why I gave it the 2 stars. If your thinking of buying this timer, stop, 
Vexation on Ice. Forget this ice crusher. It fails in all important areas. It only succeeds in looking cool. It is awkward to operate. On ours, the screw which holds 
All but one glass arrived at my door smashed to bits!. I bought these glasses as a gift for a friend, only to be dismayed that I had nothing to 
Remove Item. Please remove this item from your stock. I began putting this together and immediately the cross bars broke without any exertion on my part! Very poor product  
Kitchen Aid Egg Slicer Fails. The first time using the product, two of the stainless steel wires broke! I am still able to use part of the slicer, but it 
Photo was nicer than the product. I would not order these again as I thought they look rather cheap and flimsy. I agree with the reviewer who stated the purple 
Rusty knives and worse customer service. I got these knives as a gift. Ironically, the first thing to rust was the part of each knife stamped Stainless Steel .Let s 
No Good. NOT a good light. The light is already fading and I don t use it very often. Very disappointed  
Do Not Wast Your Time Money. I have had the XP4000 for 2 months. It makes good coffee espresso however, the frothing devise works poorly and is unreliable. I sent 
Returned Danby. I tried twice, and both the original and the replacement were delivered damaged, so they were returned. Amazon Target was good about returning the merchandise and refunding my 
cheap version. unlike the set from last year that was great!!... these have a cheap feel and a thiner and bendable blade they do not even carry the Laguiole name 
You know how to take the order... I ordered this item 2 months ago when it was in stock , I am now on my third it will be in 
Great concept that needs refinement. I ve had my Catgenie for several months now and I would have to give it mixed reviews. Like everyone else, the concept sounds incredible 
why are these in the toy section??. These aren t toys, so I m not sure why they sell them in this department. BUT, they are beautiful. Really, really lovely. 
Nearly useless. I say nearly useless because the ceramic pot is a nice size and weight for melting chocolate in the microwave which is what you ll have to do 
Watch out if you purchase this item. I didn t heed the warnings from the other reviews, and took a chance. When the item was delivered, in a timely fashion, 
Starbuck s here I come!!!. The clock lost time from the minute I plugged it in. It progressively lost minutes everyday. When it was 30 minutes slow I sent it 
Disappointed. I bought this for my mom and had it sent to her address. It worked for two days and then it stopped. On my last visit I fiddled with 
Worst 90 ever spent!. Purchased in October and it stopped working in January. Unfortunately, I was unaware the warranty is only 90 days... now I know why  
Not the wafflemaker we wanted. We waited too long to try this out after it came. We would return it if it wasn t so late. It takes forever to 
Expensive piece of plastic metal. I bought this in black at Williams & Sonoma for over 100 - thought I d spend the extra thinking I was getting a quality 
Too Pooped to Perk!. Well, this nicely designed pot is great on looks, but it s lifespan is not very long. Like the others reviewers said, the clear plastic top 
Great coffee, flimsy machine. I received this coffee maker as a gift two years ago. As a mechanical engineer, the machine itself makes my heart cry. The parts are a 
VERY DISAPPOINTED. I decided to try this one when my Melitta Mill n Brew finally died and figured that for the two hundred dollar price tag, it was probably good. 
Worse Filter and Doubt Reviews. I setup the filter yesterday, it was very very loud, trust me, you can t sleep that with in your bedroom. The Filter also doesn 
items came chipped. Cheap quality production!!! This was a Holiday gift for my wife. When she opened the package, both trays had large chips of enamel missing along the metal 
Mine was defective. I purchased this electric skillet because I was pleased with a previous skillet Model 06852 . The model 06852 is an attractive looking electric skillet that cooks 
uneven toasting. I have disappointed with the performance of this toaster. After weeks of research I purchased this to replace my 8 year old Cuisinart which had been discontinued. Six 
Do NOT buy these!!!. My Space Bags came in yesterday. I couldn t wait to try them. The first one amazed me with how flat it became. However, the next 
they don t function. i hated these shakers. i got them as a gift and 1. they are too big and take up too much space and 2. the rubber 
Nice outside but cheap innards..... Broken after a year. Way too expensive for what it doesn t supply, mainly mist . An overpriced toy . Customer service is excellent, however, 
Mostly filler. My cats used to like this food because it is basically junk food for cats. I did not realize how unhealthy most of the big brand names in 
Francesca C. Well I thought it was a great toy until my lab puppy chewed the knobs off.Don t get me wrong he was very excited alittle too excited The 
Not what I expected. I bought two sets of candles from a Target store in Minneapolis and was very pleased. You can t imagine my suprise when I recieved my 
Don t buy this kettle. well, it s my first return to Amazon, followed by my second. This kettle blows steam out the edges of that big opening right onto 
Disappointing compared to other All Clad. Same problem - the surface has begun to deteriorate. We use this pan daily, always using appropriate implements and washing by hand, but still 
Don t buy this item!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. The coffee pot came with the down and timer buttons stucked together. Sent it back and received replacement quickly. It was great when it worked, 
Help! How do I get rid of the Zorb Smell?. Two days ago I used a bag of Zorb that had come with my Dyson a year or two ago.Maybe 
Absolutely no value!. The only european characteristic of this cup is it s price. The picture is deceiving - this thing is tiny. I could only put three of my 
Need to buy multiple!. Beware, you need at least two, and most air cleaners require 3 of these. And when stacked they aren t as effcient as a large single 
No thank you. A good looking, substantial item butI had to return two of these units due to uneven heating. The only KitchenAid product that I ve ever had that 
Not a good investment..... We bought this a week ago, it did not have an owners manual, so we did not know what to do differently when the gauge said 
2 x-3 units, both failed. I have now purhcased two Francis x-3 units and both have failed. The first unit blew-up where the brass pipe goes into the pressure tank, 
Dont buy!! I m sorry I did. I bought this for my son-in law for Christmas. He wanted an adjustable cutting board. This one looked nice and sturdy. I am 
Cereal spitter. It seemed like it would be a great way to store cereal but it made more of a mess than it was worth. It spit cereal all over 
Cannot Find Replacement Bowl. I agree with Jane who says that the glass bowl is very thin and can break very easily. Ours broke with very little pressure during cleaning. 
Junk. Don t buy it!. This is a real disappointment from a name brand that has built it s reputation on quality. How hard can it be to build a 
Find another blanket. I purchased this blanket for 30 from Amazon after reading the same reviews I see now. The negative comment about it being too light weight sounds fake 
dual means two . The bed warmer was described as dual controlled. It comes with only one control. The entire bed has to be at the same temperature. The reason 
no good. this corkscrew is flawed in several ways: in spite of its ergonomic design, it is awkward to use. the screw is too short and often mauls the cork 
Not so safe.... I bought six of these collars for my five cats. I bought an extra just in case one of the cats lost one. I thought the colors 
Pre filters. These filters were not as dense as the filter that originally came with the unit  
Hamilton Beach Drip and Leak Coffee Maker. This product leaks from the inferior quality plastic compartments. I returned it-spent the extra few dollars and bought Cuisinart version.My opinion is that 
Cheesy, but not cheap!!!. Mak n Bacon made bacon for the company that sells this product.Cheesy material, but not cheap.Hard to get all the bacon cooked without the tray getting 
Piece Of Garbage. No wonder this thing is cheap compared to Brita s other products. The threads that hook onto the faucet are weak and easily stripped from simple hand 
Good for only 2 years... We received this microwave as a wedding present, and it really was a good microwave. The toasting function is handy and seemed to work well. 
didn t like it. I guess I m the only one who did not like this knife. I have French, German, Swiss, Japanese, and Chinese knives. This one falls into 
Info when I bought it was wrong - NOT AN 11 CUP as noted. Very disappointed to find out the size was wrong. I should have looked at the other 
Awful. There isn t much to like about these sheets. They wrinkle like crazy when you wash them and the stitching leaves a lot to be desired - hanging threads 
Not worth it. I see nothing special with this sharpener. Used it on a santuko knife with passible results. Tried using my sharpening steel on that knife and got the 
Very expensive mistake, awful customer service. I ve own my X3 for about 2 years now and overall, it has been used to make one double espresso daily. So when 
It s dead, Jim. I have had this scale for about 4 months. It worked fine the few times I used it, but last night I went to use it 
Not worth it. Spend wisely on soemthing else. These pillows end up being cardboard wafes when laid upon with your head, even when you have all four on top of 
Worked great... til it broke. This press worked great, but only for about a month. After that the press disc would not stay attached to the end of the plunger 
poor power level selection. The microwave worked well, but who designs a microwave where you have to press the power level button SEVEN times in order to get a power 
Pleasant, but dim. I thought these lights would be just what I was looking for, but I was a bit disappointed at their lack of brightness; they just don t 
After few weeks it Leaks, Pads useless. The unit features automatic shut off when water is low by using a proximity switch via a float with a magnet in it. 
Disappointed. I bought this merchandise as a Christmas gift for my daughter after investigating all brands of slow cookers. My daughter was pleased with the gift and had all of 
more trouble than it s worth. This was given to us about last christmas to replace our old one... not worth it...a couple months into our ownership of this item, 
Emeril not so. This whisk does not stand up like a wire whisk, it is not sturdy, however it looks very nice sitting in my Emeril tin on the counter 
Automatic Dish Dumping Rack. Unless you re planning on washing dinner plates only, this dish rack is not for you. Smaller plates or bowls for that matter are not secured 
Embarassing for Chicago Cutlery. Years of trusting Chicago Cutlery went down the drain with this purchase.How the company could risk its reputation for quality by putting out such a poor 
Buyer Beware. I made a poor decision based on a few good reviews when I decided to purchase these. I should have listened to the multiple bad reviews.Lint...lint....lint....lint....EVERYWHERE!I made the 
Lid arrived broken. The stainless steel lid has a glued in plastic piece that is supposed to provide an airtight seal to the canister. My canister arrived with the plastic 
You get what you pay for. Used the product for about a month. I was deceived by the add thinking I was getting a knife sharpener with a electric grinding 
HEPA FILTER MY FOOT. Had this vacuum cleaner for about 4 months before we started noticing that the room air seemed dustier everytime we used it. At first, I thought 
PIECE of JUNK !. Junk, junk, junk.Thank heavens Amazon has such wonderful customer service.Myself as well as one of my friends purchased this so called food processor. We felt we 
ZERO. Zero best describes how well Amazon supports what they sell...great deal on this toaster absolutely. And it does a nice job on toast but after using the left side 
Hardest feathers in the world. This pillow was hard as a rock and very uncomfortable. you might as well lay on your bed without any pillows if you are going 
Warning on Brewstation. It s a nice idea, but they are cheaply made and don t last very long. In the space of 2 years, Brewstation number 3 has just 
Well balanced and pretty...but dull. Get the 4 star instead. These knives were really nice looking and felt good in the hand...much like the Henckels Pro S line, but they 
Either unpopped or overcooked kernels. I really like air popped corn and have a popper both at work and at home. However, when I bought this popper, I was amazed 
The SkinnyGrillSatin BlACK TURNED OUT TO BE THE BUSTED UP CHESTNUT SKINNY GRILL. The Skinny Grill Satin Black came in chestnut brown and brokken to pieces. Still waiting for some 
Buy it for looks, not for function. The other bad reviews about this toaster are all true, it really is just a gimmick. Buy this toaster for looks if you 
Starting to pill after one wash and dry. The material was very soft and the pockets certainly big enough for my double pillow-top mattress, but after the first washing without 
Customer Service is the worst!!!. I have owned 2 machines by Capresso. First a C3000 that needed a new pump before the waranty period was up. After being without the 
Nice glasses, but they are huge. You can hold this in both hands and your finger will only overlap a little. 18 oz s is a LOT of water  
Magnum 350. I still have not gotten it to work. The motor works, but I can t get suction into the inlet tube. The basket that holds the carbon media 
THIS FRENCH PRESS SUCKS!. WHY DO THEY CALL IT a 3 CUP PRESS..I barely get ONE cup out of it!! Are they talking EXPRESSO cups?Well anyway, every single time I 
attachment is a piece of junk. I love my Dyson vacuum because it works better than any other vacuum I ve ever owned and I have spent more money on 
perfect for ICED coffee. My cuisinart grind & brew recently died so I ve been shopping for a new coffee pot. digression: cuisinart has the WORST customer service i ve 
CHEAP. This vacuum is sooooo cheap. The suction on carpet to pick up pet hair is terrible and on vacuuming an area rug it doesn t pick up hair either. 
Tennis Balls As Good As Dryer Balls! And Less !. I did a little test while I was visiting my Daughter-In-Law, who possesses not only Dryer Balls, but a nice 
Annoying and only somewhat useful. I live in a narrow and cluttered NYC apartment so I purchased this vacuum thinking that it could be used to clean up the floors 
Waste of money!. Another disposable product by Shark. Gets clogged easily and the bottom breaks off easily - Don t believe what they say about lifting 150 lbs- that s 
Drippy Tea Kettle. I paid too much money for this tea kettle to drip from under the spout and spit water all over the stove before it even whistles. This 
Looks great - but is really too wimpy. After reading reviews on the less expensive Hamilton Beach drink mixer, I decided to step up to the more powerful version. Very 
It brews coffee but has some downsides. This item will indeed brew coffee, but not without some shortcomings.First, the mechanism that allows you to remove and pour a cup while 
Seal between layers breaks too easily. This is the 3rd of this type of travel press I have had, and all of them seem to have this problem. I ve 
I was hoping for something better. I was excited to get this muffin tin so I could make a dozen muffins for my boys at a time and for a 
Great sweeper when it works. This is my second pro sweeper and my third Shark sweeper. The first model lasted almost three years so when I saw the Pro I 
On off switch broke!. Beware! On off switch broke machine would not cut off unless unplugged. The place they recommended based on my zip code still has my vacuum and 
HATE. This is the most loathesome appliance I have ever owned. I hate everything about it. Some genius put the power cord at the bottom of the unit, so you 
Too much work to get it to work. I have carefully analyzed all the reviews positive and negative before deciding to buy this product in order that the right level 
0 Stars - Shame on you Rival!. Rival, Do yourself a favor a take this electric skillet off the market asap! You should offer a 50 rebate coupon for every 
Functional, but breaks easily. Cute bookshelf -- looks goods and serves its purpose. However, the tips of it that screw together break really easily. We were using it at trade 
BEWARE!!!! Buttons will stop working. It did the job til it became defective. After a year of light use avg 3 times a week , three of the most important 
Save your money. This item is cheaply made and I sent it back. The picture looks cool but it s deceiving. The minute hand was so loose that when it 
Opening in bottom of bowl. I would not have bought this item if I realized that you can only put a small amount of liquid in the bowl. The blade 
Nor Pro 2066 Grip- Ez Nonstick 13-Inch Splatter Screen. The edges hold in water and it rust extremely fast  
unbreakble but breakable. First I liked this press - good coffee, reasonable price.But in 3 weeks operation, the press itself has already broken. The plastic holder for mesh filter has 
Beautiful But Dangerous: Buy For Display Use Only. The Fiestaware Scarlet mugs are beautiful but dangerous. The handle is much too small for this size mug. If you can get 
Went Up In Smoke After 2 1 2 Years. I got a lot of use out of this toaster oven for the first 2 1 2 years. It toasts fairly 
Leaks water all over the place! & # !!!!!!. I have been anxious for such a device for a long time. I want hot strong espresso made in my office 
Wrong product. I ordered this vacuum and was sent a CleanFast Model OC-910 that looks pretty much like this one. I don t know if CleanFast bought Orca, but I 
smelly. these sheets smell like kerosene, even after two washings. I m not letting my son sleep on them  
Cheap!. Table came with chipped wood on one leg. When put together, the chip got even worse. The table is horribly unsteady. Would not recommend to anyone.  
Not so safe.... I bought six of these collars for my five cats. I bought an extra just in case one of the cats lost one. I thought the colors 
Like watching paint dry .... Drip, drip, drip. One drip at a time. It takes 20 minutes to fill a pasta pot. We ve had it 3 years it never 
worthless. I hope those who just got this and think this is a great product don t get burned like I did. I thought it was great at first too, 
Kitchenaid... WHAT were you thinking?!?!. I thought I was the only one who had problems with it!! I also thought that maybe I had received a defective one, but after 
Spray Commander. Only worked for a couple days. Wouldn t spend my money on it again  
WARNING- FLAMMABLE. Sleep better? How could you sleep better when your pillow has a WARNING- FLAMABLE label? Scary. The pillows are soft but does not have great neck support. I 
Go Japanese. There is no substitute for Japanese steel. Anything based on Yoshkin steel; I recommend Global.German steel is decent, don t get me wrong, but it s sub-par. I 
tables. the coffe table arrived broken the item where easy to asemble and look good  
Poor Construction. We ordered one of these racks and it was OK. Then we ordered another one and one of the pieces was bent making it impossible to contruct. Target 
Disappointing quality. I bought this set to add to the single 4 piece set I bought at a retail store several years ago, which I was totally satisfied with, and 
More work than it s worth. Yes, this electric sweeper picks up some dust and lint from floor and carpet, but it spews what it has picked up right back 
Please read!. Hello - My wife and I are big Rachael Ray fans, and since I love to cook she bought this item for me. We thought it was a 
Bark Control. I set it up for my dogs because they bark whenever they hear a noise or if someone rings bell, I have 3 dogs, I put it on 
poor quality grinder. When the box was opened a strong lacquer odor was present and the grinder had to be aired out for several days. The grinder is crudely constructed 
Canisters store but not air or bug proof. The seals are not air or water tight. There is no problem with the cansiter or the clear window, but I cannot 
Japanese knives made in China?. I think claims like these would have gotten the two countries into war in the old, old days. Finest Japanese blade steel on all the 
Just get the cone. The good points: the blue color is as gorgeous as it looks in the picture. The metal interior keeps beverages warmer longer. The sip hole is 
If you like a BASE model... We ve always used Mr Coffee coffeemakers. A friend raved about this Bunn model...really fast coffee with great taste... so much so she sent 
Bad Chicken. I was excited about getting a cute timer that worked with the decor of my kitchen. Unfortunately, the timer never worked on the product! Now I am sad 
Shark should not be in business. Save your money. This item is aggravation plus. It may or may not work out of the box. If it works, dont get used 
Inferior Product. The only thing this unit filtered was the money from my wallet. Filtration is less effective than an ordinary Brita pitcher. I even purchased a TDS meter which 
Crap. I was really looking forward to getting the shoes off the floor of my closet. Then I hung it up and started to try to fit my high heel 
Great idea, too bad it doesn t work. I bought this for my mother-in-law at her request. She has arthritis and saw it on TV. She also wanted the free 
Dissapointed. Worked great for a couple months and then the gears stripped out. Guess you get what you pay for  
I m not impressed. The unit is hefty and nice looking but that is about all nice I can say about it. The grind was no better than from the 
Don t waste your time or money!. Short and not so sweet:First unit did not work at all,Second unit worked for about 3 months, then sporatically, then quit.I should have 
Simple, Effective While it Was Working. The Timex electronic timer is a convenient gadget for controlling lights and appliances. With basic functions such as current time and a single event 
Don t believe the fake positive reviews!!! BAD Machine. It is clear that the November reviewers are all the same person... loser!Anyway, this machine is not easy to use, leaks, 
worst coffee maker. I agree with most reviewers. This coffee maker is a piece of junk. The few cups that I made were the worst tasting coffee ever  
DRIPPY AND MESSY. My mother swore by Hamilton Beach appliances. This is one that I find myself swearing at! The carafe itself is very drippy - I cannot pour a 
Not too impressed. I purchased this espresso maker about 2-1 2 months ago. I have used it about 2-3 times per week. My first disappoinment was the frothing wand. Not 
I wish I d paid more attention to the dimensions. Just when I thought I was getting used to everything being so much bigger in the US... I should have 
buy a different brand - 1 star is too many for this one. Dogs and cats react only because the sound is novel to them. The device I received and 
QC getting worse at Braun. My last one same model was good. This one, the auto shut-off just buzzes and doesn t shut off  
Lenox Eternal Bath Sheet and Face Cloth. I rate this set very poor. In less than six months the face cloth has holes in it. The towel absorption is ok 
It Stinks!!!. Be forewarned, there is a 1-hour curing process that must be performed in a well ventilated area outside your home. I was aware of this requirement and performed 
not good at all. i had high expectation on this product since i was very satisfied with previous Revere purchase. but this time i was completely disappointed. the saucepans and 
Not good!. This toy is good to keep the dogs attention. The only problem is my labwas able to chew the knobs off the outside and it had sharp pieces 
The Leaky Machine. We have had this machine for about 9 months. The machine has been in transit and in the repair shop 6 of those nine months. A friend 
Disappointing, totally defective item. I would give it zero stars if I could.Got the product, followed the manual to get everything ready, plugged it in, turn the knob on....and NOTHING! 
Su Weet. I just purchased the new one : . I put it upstairs in the bonus room and bought another just like this. I gave the old away when 
Stay away from this one!. This coffeemaker has many flaws and is made of very cheap materials. I bought it a couple of months ago. The basket has a tiny 
A LEAKING MESS. I was really looking forward to this pillow, I have heard good things from my friends about them. First night was a bit odd, the pillow is 
Save your money- buy a better quality. The quality of this isnt great- the sound of the waterproof material is loud. I dont like the side material and think it 
is this the best cleaver?. I made a big decision to invest this expensive cleaver, but very dispointed after first use. It is not sharp, it is difficult to cut 
Not Absorbent. They look nice, but the towels do not absorb much water. I am very disappointed. I suspect I ll use them a few times, then give them to 
Frame doesn t hold up. I bought this laundry sorter and loved it at first. The concept is great. The frame, however, did not hold up to our family of 
It broke in one week. Worked great for one week. Hope I can return it.  
awful. Changing the canister which you have to do once for every large room is a messy undertaking. Even if you re careful, dust and dirt slide out with the 
Horrible Oven. I bought this toaster oven because it had a convection oven. I have not toasted anything yet but I did make a small roast beef which took as 
Contains bad chemicals. We ve had it for a few days and haven t used it yet. It has a chemical smell similar to packing tape. We ve placed it 
Just Stopped Working & Not Even 1 Year Old!!!!. I loved this coffeemaker, until it just suddenly stopped working and it isn t even 1 year old!! Previous coffeemakers I 
No good. I read tons and tons of reviews of this product and decided to take a chance on it. Well that chance did not pay off. Even in combination 
Too Much Imperfection is Too Much Imperfection. To us, typical Fiestaware pieces have great design, color, durability and functioning wrapped up all-in-one. We ordered a set of Turquoise Candlesticks and 
I must have got the bad one. It came missing 4 different pieces, including hardware to put it together. The instructions were stapled backward and I found three typos on 
Argh! This is a rotten blender!. This blender died after 4 months of light use. I never asked it to crush ice or do anything really strenuous. I only used 
Disappointed. Even though I have many knives I purchased this expecting it to be reliably superior. After a few uses it is less sharp than my other knives, does not 
Don t buy if you drink more than 2 cups at a time. I was trying to go retro. My old coffee pot had a grinder builtin. My new one 
Pet Chime. In December 2002, I purchased the pet chime and paw &amp; two additional paws. I was extremely satisfied with them until the past couple of weeks. In the 
ridiculous delays. After ordering in December, received notice after notice of delays and more delays. Then, delivery was not promised until at least APRIL. We are talking 4 months after 
Misleading add!!. This add is extremely misleading. There is nothing in the product features or product description to indicate that this price is for THE RESERVIOR ONLY. I read the 
Cheap and low quality. When I read that these sheets were 300 thread count, I expected high quality. In fact, they are seconds. On the top sheet, a rip had 
Good concept, weak design. I like the features of this light - nightlight is a good color and the right brightness, motion sensor is sensitive. The down side: after a 
Rena Air Pumps Model 200. Not what is represented or I have a bad one. I don t know which. Should have returned this one but didn t  
works great.......... for 2 months! Then it is DONE!. Although it appears to be a great product for the first couple of months... when it s done.. it s done! 
Burner Covers. Pretty, but started rusting on the edges after first wash..Would not buy these again..  
Electric stove? Try this other griddle model. For those who have electric stoves, check out the Dbl Burner Reversible Grill Griddle, item 3535, also available on this website. It is 
Great pottery, ruined expectations by Macy s. We love Fiesta Ware pottery. This is a quality product made of tough clay with well matched durable glaze. Because of this and 
extra light weight. I should have read the other review more closely. This is a good blanket for HOT summer nights! I believe it is too light for cold winter 
Absolutely the Worst Item I have ever Purchased!!!!!. The advertisement for this item says that it can be used on cats, having a daughter who may or may not have 
Junk. Expensive piece of junk that you can buy at Target. Don t pay for the shipping on this when you can just buy it in a store. Really not 
Not for hard water!!!. I suppose I should have read the above review but...I washed the flatware in the dishwasher as soon as I received it. After just a single 
Looks good, but. The jar is very nice looking, but the spigot is most difficult to use. It is a needle valve type spigot that takes about 8 turns to 
not good. this product is not worth its high cost. The bubbles in the water gauge is a hassle--I have to burp it with almost every pot. The spring on 
Works Great, Briefly... As far as whisks for non-stick surfaces go, the silicone-encased wires are very flexible--a far cry from the hard, thick plastic whisks with only a few wires. 
Not up to expectations. I bought this product in December 2004. After two months of use about once a week the on off switch broke. Eventually after using it for 
Disappointed. I thought I was the only one having trouble with the crate pans. I have a Golden retriever and have the crate only six months and the crate pan 
Doesn t fit the Farberware 8 quart pot!. I was VERY disappointed in this item. I own the Farberware 8 quart pot that this insert is supposed to fit inside, 
Disappointing!. No thermostatic control. Does not heat uniformly. Pizzelles are dark in some places, light in others. Is most definitely NOT non-stick...count on the first two batches becoming firmly affixed 
Works but is a bit wobbly and had problems assembling. I didn t think I could be unsatisfied with a paper towel holderbut this one was annoying enough to write 
Not impressed. I followed all instructions and these bulbs did not grow. Even with proper llighting and water temperature I had no success. The company, however, does offer a great 
Workd well, then quit. This kettle worked well, although noisily, for about nine months. Then it just quit. The indicator light would glow when turned on, but the water was 
NEVER BUY THIS PRODUCT. This is the worst product I have ever bought. In fact, I had bought 3 of this disaster and had to throw all away as useless. 
Very Very Disappointed. I am very disappointed with this product.Its does not look like anything in the picture displayed.Its not worth your money.  
Chantal Ceramic 1-Quart Teapot. poor quality. returned product shortly after it arrived. it drips all over the place. recommend against purchasing this product, as you will probably be disappointed  
My impression. Dear Customer Service,I am please about the refund; I am please about all thinks that I purchase from you.The web page where I bought: Zelco itty bitty Book 
Imbues hot food with chemical flavor. I bought this board at my Whole Foods store for many of the advertised reasons. It is easy to clean, nice to cut on, 
Seven fins, not nine. Yes, I ordered this directly off this amazon page, and yes, I can report that it has seven fins counting the outermost ones that hold the 
Wish I had another slow cooker... My husband bought this for me for Christmas 2005. I was thrilled to get it since I had an older, smaller model. I had 
Could be better. We purchased this machine for our small coffee shop 2 months ago as in the discription it was said to be for light commercial use. We make 
Not So Good Coffee Maker. It was hard to clean and use. I ended up throwing it away after one week. Hated it..  
dont buy this item. Not much to say about this item it sucks. very thin and cheap made. Does not seal at all and does not keep the bread freah 
Not what we expected. We received this today and it turns out it s 60 cotton, 40 poly. We are sending back  
This product is toast!. We bought this microwave to accomodate our small counter. We figured instead of buying a toaster and a microwave, we could just get this one appliance. 
Mission Computer Desk. This desk isn t adequately packaged for shipping. Just a few pieces of brown paper and styrophome corners with the desk pieces inside the box. The first 
bad experience. out of all the dowels 2-3 were of shorter length. This made entire cloth dryer unstable & useless.. I thought they would first check the product assemble once 
This is a piece of junk!!!!. Packaged with four left legs requires two left, two right One briquette grate is smaller than the other and falls to bottom as a 
I really wanted to like this. I have owed Hoovers for years. When the old one started burning through belts, I found the WT II with the lifetime belt. Brilliant! 
The designers should be forced to live in this. I dont like reviewing products usless I own them, but as a betta hobbiest and prepping to be a breeder and 
for a small not very moist space only. this unit is smaller than i was expecting; it is 11 tall and 5.5 in diameter. i have it in our small 
JUNK, JUNK, JUNK. I ordered 5 sets 10 savers . Within one week, 6 of them have fallen apart. Don t bother. JUNK  
Dishes not packed well; broken. I m glad some of you received these dishes not broken in a million pieces! Amazon or whoever is packaging these needs to learn how 
DON T BUY. Everything sticks to it. I thought it was a non-stick, in fact I didn t think they sold anything but that now. Dont buy  
Didn t work for me. Made my cats worse!!. I have 5 cats, all who got along very well as they were from the same litter. When I adopted another 
Not worth the money!. The first time I tried using this machine to make beef jerky it shut off in the middle of the process. I had to stay next 
Cracked the First Time They Were Used. Although these are rated for use in an oven up to 500 degrees, mine cracked the first time I used them in an 
Terrible cookware...save your money. The best thing I ever did was buy this pan. Because it was a cheap lesson to learn and I returned my larger set before opening 
DON T BUY FROM THIS COMPANY!!!. In early December I ordered products from Sharper Image as Christmas gifts. Half of my order did not arrive and I never received notice 
Poorly made. We have designed most of our kitchen around the KitchenAid red. We thought in the pictures that this breadbox would match, so we bought it. It does not 
too hot-too hot-too hot. i have been using this product for a few weeks now. it is very comfortable and provides a great base for the laptopthe problem? it is 
Broken. I really truely wish I would read reviews and stop ordering from Amazon.All four pieces are broken. One in tiny bits. Stupid me just opened the package from a 
Poor Customer Service. I purchase this itam for a Christmas gift for my Mother. I received it on 11-6-06. There is 4 broken pieces. I contacted customer service and the 
NOOOO! Don t Waste your . I was wanting something to make cleaning the kitchen floor a bit easier. This broom needs to be held at a particular angle for 
Warning! Not real Laguiloe that you know and love!. I knew better than to order a set at this price, but hey... you never know. Now I do. I thought 
Wood handles suck!!!. After being introduced to Aebleskivers over a year ago, my whole family fell in love with them. Never once owning any cast iron cookware, I did not 
Get it at the grocery store. Unless you re really impressed with the color green, the filter itself can be picked up at the grocery store. The one around the 
Wait for version 2.0. A great idea, but falls short for the cat. It needs to do more, maybe if it turned around in circles the whole thing ocationaly, and 
Find another blanket. I purchased this blanket for 30 from Amazon after reading the same reviews I see now. The negative comment about it being too light weight sounds fake 
DON T BUY THIS CUISIPRO GRATER!!!!. LOUSY!!!! The handle design makes the Cuisipro grater extremely difficult to hold. There is a BIG space between the drum and the hopper and 
Not for the serious minded.. Perhaps the larger model works well. This smaller magnetic set is tragic. The only upside is that if you re working on your grip strength, 
Not so hot...literally. Received this as a gift and I must say I m very disappointed. At its highest setting it takes forever to toast. The other issue is that 
Disaster. I agree with Kelly s review. The surface is smooth and polished. The handles, lid and container, cannot be grasped even wwith a towel. Terrible problem when hot  
false advertising. Although the &quot;technical data&quot; said this pot is safe for the stovetop, when it arrived, its own literature said very clearly that it is NOT safe for stovetop 
poor quality. Around 100 thread count, worst possible quality, not soft, not comfortable. Pattern is ok, but these people think you d buy a turd if it had a Jedi 
Invisible killer. After I cracked and ruined my original filter, I purchased a new one that insisted the BioMax inserts were essential to its functionality. Having had my original filter 
Poorly made. After a few uses the wire stretches and then breaks. It is not repairable. Too bad, since they make other good products.  
No High Marks for This One. I have never really reviewed an item, but always read, so here s my donation. No evengrinding in either mill one holds salt, the 
Watch out for lemons -- broke after 2 days. My company bought one of these to replace the similar Capressa 1000 machines which finally broke after N years.After 2 days, 
one trick pony doesn t always do the trick. This was a gift that was going to go in the white elephant pile, but after sitting in a closet for 
Looks good but. I bought this pan and to my suprise I had to assemble the handles on the skillet and the lid. The handles on the skillet were not 
Mine fell apart too - real quick. I had this mug in rotation with two others from different makers. It may have went through the dish washer top shelf three 
nonstick layer comes off. nonstick layer chipped off even though I have never used metal utensils on it. the handle is not tightly attached to the pan - it shakes. 
Don t Bother !. The oven came out of the box DEFECTIVE -- it did not heat at all! The rotisserie turned, the lights came on, but NO HEAT at 
My Pups Just Didn t Get How To Use This Product. I was really hopeful about this product working. I have four dogs, ages 2 through 8. I tried and 
SMALL KITTIES ONLY. This is not large enough or cuddly enough for a grown cat. I have two cats and purchased two of these beds...they won t have anything to 
Very Disappointed. After slightly over a year, the liner developed a couple of chips and, upon closer examination, two cracks along the height of the liner. These developed the last 
Doesn t quite fit. It almost fits my Black and Decker HCC100 Home Cafe coffee maker, but severely binds when I try to close the lid. I am going to 
Don t throw out the box. It worked for less than a month. I was so excited to take the Shark Sweeper home. It worked great until I needed to 
Royal Albert Rose Cameo Collectible Teacup, Green. This teacup has a beautiful design, but I was very disappointed when I received it. The cup and saucer were much thicker than 
Ordered these pans twice----Still no lids!. THE ONLY REASON I EVER ORDERED THESE PANS IS BECAUSE THEY COME WITH THE LIDS.. !!.. Pans this size are hard to find lids 
it will RUST and MILDEW. I find it hard to give this even a 1-star. Given the price, I really thought this would perform to the praise of the other 
Made in China???. I can t believe after buying Rosle tools for years that the whisk I just got yeasterday is not made in Germany but China. On the label 
I bought the last broken one on earth!. Ordred Feb 25th, recieved a broken one soon after. I returned it right after and now its the middle of April and 
Not the Gooses that Laid the Golden Egg. Like the other two people who already commented, my Blue Ridge 2 Baffle Box Feather Bed Queen Size looks good and is 
Stemless wine glasses. The price is right, but these stemless wineglasses are so lightweight that one of them broke in my daughter s hand. I was surprised at their thinness 
Luke Warm. Like everything in the world, this coffee maker is lawyer approved. In other words it does not get hot enough to cause any harm. Unfortunately one minute after 
Should have listened to the negative reviews............. I would not recommend this coffeemaker to anyone. The coffee does taste funny and I didn t realize it might be the metal 
It s Disappointing. It s not a slipcover at all, just a quite large rectangle throw. Although the fabric looks pretty good, it s has no use to me  
Last Time I Listen to My Mother About a Product. I bought this for my mother a year ago, and I was recently looking for a vacuum myself, so being 
OLD ROOMBA WALL. The picture does not match what I received. The picture shows a virtual wall for the new Roomba models. Instead, I received a wall for the original 
Just doesn t work well. We ve had the same KitchenAid mixer since the 70 s, and we love it. But we thought why not give our little yellow wonder 
Sorry there was not a Zero. If you do not own this DO NOT RUSH OUT TO BUY IT . This is waste of of money!! My tips for you 
problemic coffee maker. This coffee maker is beautiful, however, it has a problem. The on off switch sticks a lot. Kitchen Aid replaced the entire system for me a few 
DO NOT BUY ANY SELF PROPELLED HOOVER VACUUMS. HOOVER HAS A KNOWN PROBLEM WITH THE BELTS STRETCHING OUT ON ALL THE SELF PROPELLED VACUUMS, BUT WIL DO NOTHING FOR CUSTOMERS 
Dont bye Amazon products. Never received the product, accoring to amazon it was delivered a week ago. It was actually delivered to Amazon not me! Not even a phone call. 
Not what I expected. Was very disappointed in this comforter. While it is heavy like I had anticipated, it is not soft in any way shape or form, it is 
Buy the disposable mill & pepper in condiment section. It may be good for people with weak hands...as long as they don t really want a lot of pepper. I 
Disappointing. When I saw this advertised I thought what a great idea to make tea cakes for a Mother s Day tea for the young and not so young. After 
Crock Pot yes, Bbq - No. I was disappointed in this product. I BBQ a great deal and did not achieve the same favor using this pot  
Did someone say warm?. Don t waste your money on this. Unless you like your coffee luke warm I can t imagine it you will not be satisfied with this 
Not at all what I expected. This pillow was a disappointment. It s advertised as firm, but it s not. It s like sleeping on mush. There s no support 
can not replace battery. We ve had this for about five years. The battery went dead but THERE IS NO WAY TO CHANGE THE BATTERY. The battery is soldered to 
Patton Fans Suck, not Blow....... I bought a 20 Patton fan in the mid 1980 s, used it 24 7 year round, and it lasted 15 years. It was a 
so very disappointed. we had a heated pad for years that finally played out. it was wonderful. wanting to spend less this time than i did for the first one, 
Commercial is total bull. I have a hefty tortoise-shell Manx who is constantly shedding. I saw the commercial for this product, and the gobs of hair it removed from the 
Plastic Taste. No matter how many times this pitcher was washed, it still kept making the drinks taste like plastic. After trying various types of liquids, and always drinking exclusively 
can t assemble table. It was impossible to screw the table legs securely to the table top without stripping the heads on half of the 8 bolts. They just wouldn 
Doesn t last. When it works, this blender does a fine job, and looks great. However, our first one quit turning the blades in less than a year. We sent 
Need size. Crystal D Arques Longchamp Wine glass has10.25oz, 8.25oz,5.75oz, 4oz, 2oz, 5 different size.They are all look a like and can t tell by picture.I m looking for my 
Horrid. Too small to be of much use, this tea kettle is also too hot to handle. Using a pot holder on a tea kettle is clumsy and should not 
Waste of 20. Feels nice fresh from the package, despite the loose threads poor-quality sewing I m sure . After 3 washings, they are starting to pill. They have also 
A Disposable Vacuum!. Wow! How clever of Euro Pro to make a disposable vacuum! No other company has ever thought of that before! They did forget to mention on the 
Perhaps a Design Problem. I guess I am a slow learner. I have bought two now. Unfortunately, after two or three weeks of use the bottom of the filter begins 
broke in 11 months. mine broke in 11 months. it switches off by itself before the water gets boiled  
nightmare on ice. The Amazon product picture makes these trays look like they produce square cubes and will, therefore, rest upon each other without spilling.HOWEVER, the product one actually receives 
Holmes 2 cool. Very satisfied in receiving the Holmes fan before the scheduled date.The fan was very easy to put together and take apart.The noise level was too loud. It 
it wasnt delivered. im sure i would have loved it if it only had arrived. Now im just a bit poorer than before  
expensive humidifier. This product is very expensive. It eats filters if you`re on well water. I have to clean the unit more frequently then is normal--everytime i change the water, 
Don t waste your money. All the Littermaid products I have owned are cheaply made & break easily. This is no exception. I decided to give them another try- the 
Works, but strangely. This things does work, although the fan doesn t blow the heated air very far away from the unit. It is possible to adjust the thermostat knob 
Very Poor Quality. I am very disappointed. These flowers are worse than what you see at a grocery store. I ended up paying more from another vendor and getting flowers 
Piece of Junk!. This fountain is a piece of junk. I ordered three of them, and all three had cracks and holes in the top piece. The top piece is 
Doesn t Remove Wrinkles. I am VERY disappointed with this product. It is not powerful enought to remove the wrinkles from clothing. The only way I found to get it 
breaks immediately. As others have commented, very poor workmanship. The first pitter I had lost the pin on its third pitting round. Hammered it back in but didn t last. 
Disappointed. Good for a few weeks. Now it starts to make loud girdling noises. Now the water seems to SLOWLY leak. Water ran well when I first got it but 
not for all dogs. I have a very hyper mini schnauzer and i thought that i could control her aggressive barking and yapping. It is very out of control and 
white on black, not black on white!!!. The photo for this item shows a white napkin with black stripes. What gets shipped is a black napkin with white stripes. Since 
LEAKS WHEN SHAKEN!. I bought this shaker and found that it leaks when shaken. I ended up returning it and bought a Boston shaker instead. The Boston shaker is simple 
Overpriced, so-so toast launcher. Smitten by the possibility of having old English craftsmanship preparing my toast after several years of disposable toasters, I ponied up 75 bucks for this baby. 
Pump doesn t last. For what this item costs you would think that the pump would last longer than 3 months. I really like foaming soap because I have three 
A good start, but needs more refinement. When I first heard about the cat genie litter box I ordered one right away as it sounded wonderful to me! Someone had 
Don t Buy It !. I bought this vacum at Target nearly six months ago. It has a very strong suction, and runs relatively quiet, but it cost a fortune 
A Waste Of Money. Spend the extra and buy Cuisinart. I bought the Hamilton Big Mouth in November, just in time to use for all the extra cooking I do 
don t waste your money on this one. This has got to be one of the worst purchases I ever made. After a few weeks it stopped spraying altogether, and 
Nice lightweight comforter-- not 9.00 lbs. shipping weight. This is a nice quality LIGHTWEIGHT comforter. There is a discrepancy right up front in the Product details that lists it as 
MUI Pepper Grinder. I had to send the grinder back due to not working properly and not having the bottom cover for the grinder. I was disappointed because this was 
Trying to be nice. Well after buying some of Italy s best pots or cookware...where the inside is a slick finish...not sand coated... Le Creusant I was hoping that someone 
Picture used and actual color do not match. I ordered these for my Mom who has several different items of the Corelle Coordinates. When they arrived, the color was no 
Not what I expected... I received the white pillow a few days ago. It is completely discolored - mostly beige. It appears to have been sitting on a shelf for 
Complete waste of Money. I bought these sheets in confidence after reading all the great reviews, but when I got them they did not feel soft at all so I 
piece of junk. I purchased this at Wal Mart and within 6 months it was broken. The plastic is weak and the gismo that turns the frequently get fan gets 
Disappointed. I was so excited to get this item after reading the other reviews. I was impressed when I did receive it, the quality is very good and it works 
Very poor design. It seems that there is always something crappy in a good design. The pot does a good job perking coffee, but the lid and the glass top 
disappointed. I returned Eureka 437AZ back to AMAZON. I was very dissapointed when I ve tried to vacuum my room. The vacuum is powerful but flow of air comming from 
Don t Buy! Cheap does not pay!. First of all I would give it zero stars if possible. This is the worst thing we have ever bought. Our first cup 
Don t buy this!!!. I ve never been so disappointed with a product. The water does not get hot. The coffee comes out looking and tasting like very weak tea. 
Inconsistent cup of coffee. I have not had any of the spillage or steam problems that a lot of people seem to have. My problem with the coffee maker is 
Returned two of them--poor quality control. First one came cracked, second one came chipped. Gave up  
5 STARS for the Product, -3 STARS for the Packaging. I love the SANGO NOVA BROWN dishware and rate it 5 stars. This boxed set of bowls is just not 
Absolute junk!. I rarely write reviews, but this product was really awful: flimsy; and the levers broke off on first use. The plastic ones I bought at Williams-Sonoma a few 
Pretty - but small. Love the matching sugar bowl that comes with this butter dish, and the butter dish is very pretty, however it is too small!! or short rather.. 
Could be better. I was impressed with all the pieces, & liked the pots with short handles. But, when washing the lids, the handles on top get full of waterand 
This product is evil. This container is way too small to keep any fish in, let alone two. In such a small container, the fishes wastes will build up quickly, 
DO NOT BUY. If Zero Stars had been an option, that would have been my rating.I am currently on my THIRD, yes THIRD return of this tank luckily I got 
Not very good at all. I m trying to replace my trusty 12 year old DeLonghi that got broken accidently.This Oster 6297 is the THIRD attempt at replacing the DeLonghi. 
ice coffee. Definitely buy this if you like your coffee tepid. The coffee was hot for the first couple of months, but now I have to microwave it before it 
I wish I liked this baby more. . . but alas, I do not.I got this as a gift, and all I can say is gimme the gift receipt! First 
Leaning Tower of Junk. I bought this item at my local Target the weekend I moved into my new apartment. The parts are quality chrome, and the wood top is 
Only works well with dull blades. I have nice sharp blades... I sliced veggies, and got all these tiny little plastic hairs that the cutting mat gave off as I 
Save your money. After reading all of the positive reveiws and only a few negative ones I purchased this humidifier back in Dec. Well here it is early Feb and 
Anger Management. Like so many others before me, I too thought this would be the best humidifier - and it was! For about one week. To boot, this is my 
Great - when the unit still works. I ve been through FOUR of these expensive units. They work great on my Great Pyrenees dog. At least they work for awhile. 
Hoffritz Wine Saver usability. I m delighted with the functionality of this product. While doing an excellent job in bottles with openings that correspond to the stopper s measurements it 
Lid doesn t fit... The lid on this product doesn t fit the pitcher. I thought it was b c the product was new and it had to be broken 
Useless. The makers of this useless product should be ashamed of themselves. It does absolutely nothing to odors  
Not Absorbent. They look nice, but the towels do not absorb much water. I am very disappointed. I suspect I ll use them a few times, then give them to 
Filter Material. Not as addd says its just a sheet of material that comes it must be cut to fit and is not ehat one would maybe want to do! 
Jarlesburg, but not cheddar. I have been looking for a good cheese plane, and this one isn t it. It works fine for rubbery semi-soft cheeses like swiss, but not 
not like they use to be. My mom has has Krups products for year and has been very happy. This latest purchase was very disapointing. Case is more plastic and 
Worst popcorn popper I ve tried. This silly item requires expensive concentrators that don t work particularly well, leaving behind plenty of unpopped kernels. Don t waste your money  
Good concept..... not such a great product. It s great to have flowing water for cats. My cats love running water from the faucet. The water in this fountain is 
Mislead buyer. Don t buy this product. It leaks water badly. It does not get hot enough to press your clothes the way it advertises. I tried it on a 
These sheets sound and feel like tissue paper. I have never felt heard sheets that were so scratchy and loud. I returned both sets that I purchased. Even after washing 
Great idea, bad execution. I ran into this knife when I was actually hoping to find one of those short Japanese sushi knives with the nice little wood sheath. A 
serenity deep seating JUNK. This is probably the worst piece of [...]I have ever purchased. I had to reverse the charges just to stay sane, and then to add insult 
Beware!. We have owned this machine for a little over two years. For the first 6 months it worked as expected with clothes coming out slightly damp due to the 
Bark stop ... NOT. It appears that the Viatek product Bark Stop Pro is related to the Lentek design PC16 ; ASIN: B0002Q89O6 - they are based on a common 
This is a real looser. This blender is not worth the money. It s not strong enough to crush ice.After a short amount of time the cutter assembly froze up 
I was ripped off and I think knowingly. The tupperware was useless because the top was too small for the bottom. I am left to think that this seller is 
no information. I would have bought this item the first time I saw it, if not for the lack of information. Other pages have a list of items included in 
power dies down after a month. i have found out after the first set of battery s dies out the shocking chargedies down because when i first got it I 
Defective lids. Twice, we have attempted to purchase the 11 inch Swiss Diamond 6428C fry pan with lid from Amazon and had to return each upon delivery. The pans are 
Overrated. I don t understand the fascination with All Clad products. While I like the turner part of this fish turner, it has THE MOST UNCOMFORTABLE HANDLE of any tool 
The problem of the pill. I ordered a set of these sheets and originally thought they were very comfortable. After 3 nights of sleeping on them, they began to pill 
Brief Lifespan. Received clock, loved the appearance. Hung it up, enjoyed it for about two weeks just long enough for me to discard the packaging , then the thing died. 
Pretty but too Delitcate. I bought this item as a holiday gift. It is a very beautiful piece and is artisitcally designed well. When we went to set it in 
Think again. I purchased this set only to find out when it arrived that the bowls are really too small for a realistic sized serving.10-ounces to the brim is an 
Save your money. The can has to be 100 dent free for this to work. If you have even a tiny imperfection in the shape of the can, this thing 
Bad choice!. I love both coffee and espresso but have limited counter space and this looked like the perfect machine. It s been a perfect nightmare. The machine arrived and 
Does not work. I have to agree with other reviews on here. This is a piece of junk. I just bought this timer... took it out of the package and 
yup, it works good but not worth the additional aggravation. The worst part of this purchase was that it was a gift and sent to another persons address. That person 
dont buy this item. Not much to say about this item it sucks. very thin and cheap made. Does not seal at all and does not keep the bread freah 
Beware flat surface stoves!. The first time I used it I couldn t even boil water in it on my flat surface stove! A notice that came with it said, 
Furi-ous about this knife. This knife not only came shipped in a flimsy plastic pouch, it arrived with a dull blade! I had to sharpen ii before it could be 
Powerful but LOUD. This small fan is quite powerful but extremely loud. As far as moving air, it s great. But, it s sound is distracting even on the lowest 
not too disappointed. The machine is less than 40 so my expectations were in line with that cheap , however it never really seemed to stitch, at least, I thought 
Beige Loofa Dog Back-Ordered to Jan 07. Ordered over 10 of these cute little loofa dogs expecting to receive color in photo. I was sent PINK & PURPLE ones. Over 
Not designed to last. A year of one time daily use and this coffee maker is already going in the trash. The swing-out filter hinges broke during normal use. Once 
Yikes! A hokey POKEY feather bed!. looked good... but the feathers are constantly poking you, even through the flannel sheet! I m going to cover it with a mattress pad 
Do not waste your money if you are shelling out 600usd. I have purchased several espresso machines and sampled scores more, francis francis being my first.This machine is better than 
Image is Misleading. The image in this product is misleading. It looks like this product contains more than 1 piece, but when I opened it I got only one piece 
Complete and utter disappointment. I was overcharged a considerable amount of shipping costs due to misrepresentation of the product weight according to the shipping company AND other websites it weighs 
Avoid Nylon Head!. Just like another reviewer wrote, my black nylon head melted in front of my eyes when frying an egg. The description says this product is heat resistant 
What a crock!. Don t waste your money or your food by buying and using this so-called slow cooker. Just like most people have reported, the unit runs VERY HOT! 
Not too hot. I baked six loaves in this machine. I have been using various bread machines for the past 12 years and feel comfortable making adjustments when things don 
Noisy pump!. I m sending this back as the pump is very loud--louder than my refrigerator when it s struggling..  
Just too delicate for normal kitchen work. When I was incubating yoghurt and or monitoring the temperature of some beer, the thermometer works fine. Of course, this is for temperatures 
This product needs to be recalled!. Worked just fine for over a year, then started behaving very oddly.Among the various problems this TOB-30BC unit exhibited, the most dangerous was switching 
KitchenAid has hit bottom. Gears broke after 4 months. Same thing happened with the last one, after 10 months. Am going to buy a Bosch  
The product is fine... ...but it wasn t the same as pictured online. I haven t returned it because to do so would be too much hassle and expense for 
Overrated outdated. This machine has plenty of power but the beater attachments leave 1 2 of dough batter unmixed on the walls of either bowl. I don t have the 
Another under-delivered promise. Well, may be it s just my over-expectations : Seriously - I am still chopping vegetables manually.This thing is good to make a mess or puree of 
Singer 7442 80 Stitch Sewing Machine. I liked the price and all the different stitches. However, I needed a sewing machine that would handle many varied things, such as alterations 
Not for lefties. The right-handed folks in my family like this little gadget and manage to get nice, fluffy Parmesan out of it, but my daughter and I are left-handed 
God dag!. I used to make these during kakelinna time in Norway when Christmas baking begins with my farmor paternal grandmother . I still have my grandmother s old cast 
Customer Service replacement parts. Do not buy this product. It is not supplied with a parts list to order parts that may become broken. If your call their customer service 
Not the color I needed!!!!. While the product I received was identified as red imagine my surprise to find a white petite casserole. Like the many others who have had 
Not Impressed. Not only was this a pain-in-the-neck to use, but the carafe didn t keep the coffee hot AND it made mediocre to lousy coffee. We returned it within 
Not enough instructions. A very short c d does not give me enough information or instructions as to how different cutting tools perform etc.I guess I m just to old 
Not that great, No display light for Timer Clock. I was very happy to see the look & compact microwave from Sharp, but it didn t work for me :- 
Good coffee, but... 2 15 07 - Received coffee maker with minor outside box damage but eveything seemed intact. Made several pots of very good coffee and espresso but after 
Really disappointed!. I have an older wafflemaker that has the removable plates. When I got ready to purchase another one for a second home, I found that choices were limited. 
Does an okay job on some things... I was lured by the idea of not having to buy lint roller refills ever again, but it seems that this lint remover 
Doesn t live up. I wish I could write a good review of this coffee machine & Capresso in general but unfortunately my experience with the 455 model & Capresso 
Pet Dish. The dish works great. The only issue i find is when you open it to refill the food it takes a few secs to align the top properly, 
Great Idea, poor production......be warned. These bags never hold the air out and are constantly reverting back to the original big shape because they can t seem to stay sealed 
So fragile all my sets are broken after 2 month. I got a set of 8 a few months ago. First one package arrived with a broken one, then all 
Skating on THIN Plastic. The whole idea is great, but very thin plastic and cheap. It stated for cats up to 10lbs and my cat is 9lbs and the first 
did not get. i ordered this item 5 months ago was told by amazon that i would get this item and it was avaliable and then after 5 months they 
Looks good, works poorly. We have been using this mill for about 4 months, and it looks great on the table, but that s about it. It will grind pepper, 
Poor quality. I bought this fridge two months ago. Now it stop running. I chose this one, because I expected it would be a quiet fridge and do its job. 
Awful!. These canisters are such a disappointment. They looked beautiful when I first bought them, but the finish has worn off just from sitting on my counter, and now they 
So bad, I had to write another review. Some how my previous review text got a little glitched up. But suffice it to say the only thing going for these 
Rival RSC200 Fails. On the 3rd use this rice cooker burned the rice because it never went into the keep warm mode. The cooker never worked at all after that. 
Tale of Two Reviews. Yes it is a nice pot. I can understand why it would be perfect for painting designs and whatnot. But, for making tea, I find it 
Simply dangerous. I have one very similar to this, same design, material, just a different brand. It s dangerous to use it to crack crab shells as it is nearly 
PowerCup Concentrators. Maybe it s me; but I can only get 2 poppings from each of these wafers. They burn holes and becaome really thin after one use. Still looking 
Dont Buy this Product. this can opener is garbage. it opened a couple of cans, then quit. if you pushed it along, i could get it to open maybe half 
don t buy this model. Bought this model. Would not brew a full cup of coffee no matter what I did. Called customer service and they sent me a new 
Disappointing. Well, I guess I m in the minority here, but following to the letter its instructions for the 4 cup Brikka , the coffee always seems to boil in 
Nice, but not END GRAIN quality. The other review for this cutting board is accurate, but fails to mention one important factor...this board is constructed of EDGE grain maple, not 
Dissappointed customer. I recently ordered a replacement pitcher. I ordered the wrong pitcher. I have e-mailed them twice and have yet to hear from them. Now I am stuck with 
buyer beware. Terrible machine for embroidery. I have replaced most of the moving parts for the embroidery feature and it still won t work right. Do Not Buy This Machine 
cheap. FIRST OF ALL ADD WAS DECEIVING :Product DescriptionNew! Non-Slip Cascading Hangers Hang up to twelve shirts or blouses, eight skirts, and eight slacks in the same amount of space 
Feliway Diffuser Refill. I was told to try the Feliway diffuser by my veterinarian b c my cat has always suffered from an anti-social, grumpy personality. He is one of 
Expensive but doesn t last. I had this opener and tried it with about a dozen cans and it lost its sharpness and now it was in the trash can. 
Faulty design - poor service - unacceptable support. We purchased a Hoover bagless canister in May 2004. After about 6 months the electrical connection between the hose and wand broke 
Norpro 790 Stainless Steel Oil Mister. Junk will not pump after only a few uses  
Over a month now - but no show yet. I placed a order on Jan 27th with 2 day shipping for this product. Its 21st Feb now and still it 
One word - Mold. Throughout the years I have used and owned many different versions of the Brita Pitcher Water Dispenser. All of these filtered water containers have been great. 
Not for serious Chinese cook!. I bought this wok 6 months ago. I seasoned it very well and started to use it. But I noticed the seasoning was easily peeled 
Bought it, tried it, returned it. One might imagine that the whole concept of vacuuming-flip-mopping is progressive in some way, but it really does not make the job of cleaning 
Steamed!. Once in a while the coffee side of the machine will spew steam out the back and I will get a half of a pot of coffee. The big 
Not thrilled. The plates were warped and the color was off from the original set  
Broke within the first week. I bought two of these humidifiers. One for work and one for home. They both broke in the first week  
Hate it!. I can t believe I spent good money on this vacuum. I ve had to open it with a screw driver countless times to try to figure out 
FLAT Pillows. I purchased four of these pillows! I really shouldn t have wasted my money. They fluff up as soon as you take them out of the bags but 
A terrible product. After the first few weeks, the novelty wears off and what you are left with is a toaster that doesn t work very well. It is a 
So long So Long Stemless. I thought this glass would be of better quality than it is. It took 3 shipments re cieved and returned to get my complete order 
Quick-Cup versus Eco-Pad...Winner is Eco-Pad!. I have explored a number of different ways to use my own grind of coffee in the Senseo Coffeemaker. Folding filter paper didn t work....too 
Stopped working after 1 yr. We actually had 2 of these. The first one-- the plastic pot cracked after 2 weeks, and we got a replacement as an exchange. The 
The colors come off after using it for couple of times. Hi,The pieces look real good.However after using it for couple of times, the colors startcoming off. It then looks 
OK for the price. My Grandma baked EVERY day and always used a Sunbeam mixer. That is why I bought this one, but I am disappointed with it. It is 
READ THE FEATURES!. I was misled by the picture of 13 bars a complete set . I got 5 bars which does me no good. I want to change them 
Terrible streaking. I ve tried this product many times using different methods and every time I end up with horrible streaks all over my applicances. I m not the only 
Coffee gets cold very quickly. Nice looking mug and No spills but, you better drink your coffee very fast. Terrible insulation system. Don t buy it  
UNSAFE AND POOR QUALITY TOASTER. Toaster was UNSAFE and defective. Timer became weak after only a handfull of uses. Would not go down to 0 time and shut off. ALMOST 
parts break easily. When we first got it, we loved the suction and filtering. Our son has asthma and this is a good choice for keeping high air quality.After the 
Poorest Dirt Devil I have ever purchased. The Dirt Devil M08245 Power Reach sounded just great in the advertisements, but has turned out to be a major disappointment. While the 
Two machines one cup of coffee. I ordered this machine for my wife after reading dozens of reviews and and positive feedback. We followed the instructions explicitly and created one 
Mine Leaks. Please see my review of the Mr. Coffee AR5 4-Cup Switch Coffeemaker, Black . We re on our second one and both leaked, badly  
Dyson Zorb Carpet Powder. It won t clean any spots but it will freshen the the smell, if any, and awaken the nap...no pun intended. It refreshes and renews with 
Two Defective Units. I thought this toaster was great when I forst got it. It looked sharp and made great toast. But after two months the chrome on the first 
Butter dish not tall enough. It looks nice but the lid touches the top of the butter and sticks to it  
The lids are toooooo TIGHT and don t fit properly!. I recently purshased this set and have had real problems trying to get the lids to snap on.The majority of 
bark deterent review. The item didn t work at all. As a matter of fact. My dog didn t even flinch when I tested it right next to her head. 
A big dissapointment. I heard about the lids and hoped that they would be a good alternative to plastic wrap. I even bought two for gfts. But they didn t 
This product doesn t suck... that s the problem. I don t get it- so many honest people struggle to stay in business each day, but these guys are still 
Absolutely HORRIBLE. I have used electric skillets for years and years. I was so excited to get this new one because I thought the removeable pan would be a huge 
Keep shopping. I have owned this blanket for less than a month so I cannot make any judgment about its longterm durability, but the first and only time it was 
A Lot of Money for a Very Little. Don t be fooled by the name Emeril on this knife. This is a light duty knife at best. The blade is 
Wish We Had Read the Reviews..... This timer worked for approximately two weeks. We noticed it had failed because the appliance did not go on as programmed. After many attempts 
Don t waste your money on this one. First of all, this is a very attractive machine sitting on the counter, but that is pretty much all. The water container 
beautiful but breakable. these are really beautiful glasses, and incredibly light. we have no dishwashwer, though, and i broke one the first time i washed it putting the dishsponge down 
No effect on the dogs. I picked this up after reading the 50 50 reviews. One of our dogs ran over to it and jumped up to see what it 
I wouldn t know. My Krups FME1-14 12-Cup Coffeemaker developed a terminal leak after 2 months, so it was too late to return it or the 4 extra filters I 
not as pictured. I personally am not happy at all with this item, very small not the same as pictured the one I got is bright yellow, really flimsy don 
Not good quality. I followed the instructions carefully, washed only in cold water, tumble dry extra low, etc. but these sheets still shrank. Also terrible pilling after only a few 
Oxo finally messes up. I ve bought a number of Oxo kitchen accessories, and found them to be sturdy, remarkably well designed, and easy to use.Unfortunately, this timer is an 
BEAUTIFUL PRINTS OF THOMAS & FRIENDS BUT MATERIAL SANDPAPER!!. the fitted twin sheet when I used in my boy bed on corner to rip.....is the worse material use for childrens 
Broken glass. The first time I purchased this it came with 3 glasses broken. They quickly sent me another box. Well, in this, my second shipment, 4 glasses were broken. 
Save Your Money. I have owned a Misto for a while and, as others have, I noticed the way the quality of the spray deteriorated over time so that you 
Bad dimensions. It doesn t fit my tub and is too short. I thought it would be standard width height, but I guess I was wrong  
flip it vacuum. The flip it vacuum was a great idea but little did I know thatI would actually have to put my hand in the bin to pull out 
Not As Advertised. I bought this product to replace one that had broken that I really liked. I had to return this product THREE times because it does NOT as 
DANGEROUS!!. This toaster oven s timer is faulty - we were making toast, next thing we knew there was smoke bellowing out from it and the toast itself was on 
A fan from Mexico. I always buy products from amazon and I never have any complains about any of them. But about this product, I am so disappoint because the 
Disappointing. I purchased this item after doing a lot of research on AV storage units. I decided at the end of the day that the size and look of this 
Misleading. I am looking for a remote trainer for one of my dogs. Amazon s listing says this Innotek trainer comes with a lifetime warranty. I ve read that batteries 
What a Pain. The machine is tempremental at best - it would not use my preferred pre-ground expresso. But is worked ok with ground beans a bit more course. Then, 
Cute but no tools. As the title says, this is a super cute vacuum cleaner with a comfortable right-angled handle but it has only a floor cleaning tool and a 
feels like paper. This pillow cover is terrible. It is not made out of fabric but out of paper. It is unusable unless you like rolling over and feeling hearing 
Capresso 114. I have had this machine for about 2 years. I quit using it for a long time because it is almost impossible to get the right grind. The 
metal flakes in your ice cream. This product is very sturdy and seems to be well built, but I wound up returning it for a refund. Each time I used 
Not So Pleased. For the price, you get what you pay for. They are not the best quality  
Absolute piece of expensive JUNK!. I bought one thinking the larger size and villaware name would yield great results. I presently use 2 small cuisinarts to pump out enough waffles 
far too expensive for the quality. I must agree with the negative reviewers that this pan s nonstick coating began coming off almost immediately after I began using it. I 
A much better product when it was made in Germany. The Chinese version of this kettle is lighter and more flimsy - true, it is cheaper, but sometimes you just 
deni ice crusher review. I use crushed ice when I have medical problems. I have nt had any since I purchased the unit. Therefore I have nothing to report.  
Not worth it. I own 3 coffee presses, all made by BonJour and I love 2 of them. This one is made with lexan, plastic plunger and a rubber O 
Knobs too big for some mugs. Be sure you are planning to use this mug tree with large-handled mugs. Small mugs, like those that come with dinnerware sets, may not 
Don t do it. Listen to everyone on this website. I almost threw this coffee maker across my living on more than one occasion due to it s extremely poor 
Great Item, but can t find it anywhere. The water filter for the Braun Flavorselect 12 cup coffee maker Model KF187 is a great design. I rate it #5 for 
Garbage. I can t get mine to even pierce the can, takes 10 minutes of fiddling around to get it to pierce the can and then maybe it will open 
save your money!. I bought this item based on price, how can you go wrong for 10 for a programable coffee maker? Well, you get what you pay for. after 
Don t even try. I bought this hand mixer based on the quality implied by the Cuisinart name -- I had had their processor for over 20 years. Huge mistake. 
Arrived Heavily Damaged. I ordered the bench, the armchair and the coffee table. The armchair arrived damaged, and the bench arrived so damaged, I couldn t use it. Beware, you 
Poor Choice for a Steamer. The way this Steamer was advertised, I really thought it gave out alot of steam, and lasted a decent amount of time. I tried it 
not good for an airedale. I recently purchased the clipper--but after arrival discovered it is not designed to use on an Airedale s wire coat...The clipper went through aboout a 
poorly designed electrical contacts. I used to love this kettle. I ve had this kettle for over four years now and it has developed the same problem as some of 
Big Mistake. This was one of the worst purchases I ve ever made. The problem that I had with mine is the litter pouring out all over the place. Everytime 
I m a sucker but bought a replacement carafe anyway. All I can say is, the new carafe hasnt exploded yet. What I originally thought was a freak occurance is 
whats the point. I dont recoment you to buy this product. I dont under stand why they made i  
Not worth it at ALL. I m a HUGE All-Clad fan and I thought that this would be the best splatter screen out there. I was VERY wrong. This lets 
It failed to work for me. A collegue of mine raved about it--she has several of the smaller model in her home and brought one in the office. I tried 
Keyboard Drawer Inadequate. While very attractive this desk suffers from what so many inexpensive computer desks do an inadequately sized keyboard drawer. There is enough room for the keyboard but 
The plastic stinks. This brand new kettle - after having been cleaned, descaled with vinegar at Proctor Silex s suggestion , filled with a solution of water and baking soda 
Defective Control Master Heat Control. I bought this frying pan as a gift for my Mother and had it shipped to California where she is taking care of my 99 
R.I.P. I bought this kettle in February 2006. I liked everything about it until its automatic ON-OFF switch died recently - only two months after the purchase. Now the kettle 
CatGenie-Self Washing, Self Flushing Cat Box. It is a great concept, but mine kept filling with water and then getting an error so my cats never had a chance to 
Microwave for RV. Our microwave went out and this was the replacement. It is just what we wanted and needed. The company was excellent to deal with  
Very Difficult and Unpleasant To Use!. I bought it because the price was right, but this juicer is definitely wrong. I lack the upper-body strength of a weight-lifter which is 
Disappointing dishrack. This dishrack looks much nicer than most you d see in stores but the quality is not as good as it should be for the price. The main 
Flawed design. I have watched Emeril and perhaps others using this food processor and ending up with liquid all over the counter. I just dismissed it as part of Emeril 
A Bad Buy. After 6 months of use, the LED switch popped out of the coffeemaker s base, which turned the wired plug into an on off device. I found 
YUCK. I agree wholeheartedly with the other reviewers about the smell of this cleaner...it almost made me lose my lunch. Disgusting, UGH. I suggest anyone who cannot stand this smell 
Handle won t even move!. I started by lifting the handle to open the machine. I then tried closing it again without anything inside, just to see how it worked. 
Product does not work well. I had high hopes for these space bags. I bought several in advance of our cross-country move. I think two of them worked, as in, 
Bad Unit. Wish I had heeded the advice of most of the reviewers before I purchased this. I went ahead and purchased this because it was replacing a Braun coffee 
I wish I were better at returning things. 1. no attachment-so, you can clean a 1 inch circle at once how convenient is that? 2. It is heavy and smooth 
SAVE YOUR MONEY. I have owned this litter box, I d say about 3 months now. I have to tell you, this is such a cool concept! However, I would 
Didn t work for me. This thermometer just didn t work. I ruined a batch of carmel because the gage wouldn t rise above 220. I don t know if 
Dead on Arrival. Machine arrived dead on arrival. None of the water would force its way though the coffee grounds and would go into the overflow. Had to send it 
Very Disappointed. This lamp would be gorgeous if it was made as described - there is nothing bronzelike about it - it is PAINTED a dark yuck brown. Three very 
Returned asap very poor quality disappointed!. I ordered two of these in King very disappointed very poor quality item cotton is very hard seams coming apart every where loose threading 
Form over function. The machine looks great. It sat nicely on our counter-top next to the Kitchen Aid mixer and looked really classy. If that was all I wanted to 
Not for dogs that like to chew. I bought this toy from a local Petsmart for my 2 yr. old Boxer. He had this toy chewed up within 20 minutes. 
It won t work. This thing doesn t dispense anything. I looked 9 times for something to remove or something like that, but nothing comes out. Anyone have a similiar 
crap - useless crap. not worth the trouble, holds hardly any liquid, seemingly needs to be cleaned after every use. waste of money. stay away  
As much work as ironing. For the price, it IS amazing that this steamer does anything, which accounts for all the rave reviews. This little number is not real powerful, 
cheese slicer. I am disappointed in this cheese slicer. I had a similar one manufactured by the same company. It lasted for about 15 years! This cheese slicer does not 
Extreme Disappointment. I am very disappointed with this knife tray. It is best described as shoddy  
Cheap Product. I bought the item, and as soon as I opened the packaged I was wondering if it was going to work and if so, how long it would 
Pretty, but not tough enough... We ve had this set for about 3 years and after about a year they began to chip and or crack. They are beautiful and 
Not Happy. It seems everyone loves this wok, but I didn t have a very good experience with it. I have cleaned and seasoned carbon steel pans in the past, 
Can t Get Grooves Clean. I did not buy the whole set. My review is for an 8 fry pan. It was one of those try it deals. I do 
to be a fry pan in our house is a true test of any cookware. that said, the All-Clad Stainless 14-Inch Nonstick Fry Pan has clearly failed. the non-stick surface 
Looks nice... uneven toaster. This is a stylish toaster. Have you tried finding a decent toaster lately? I ve been through many. If you like crispy dark toast, this is 
desk chairs. were not in stock, order cancelled, no other info. has been received regarding item  
Very poor lid construction and unworkable pump. While attractive, the pump works poorly and the top does not screw properly to the bottle. I constantly found one side popped up 
problems with Bulters Pantry dishes. I received a 12-piece placesetting of these dishes for our wedding. After using the dishes for about six months, cracks have appeared in the glazing 
Takes too long. I haven t had much success with this ice cream maker. I usually give up after 2 hours of churning, and the mixture is far from ice 
Disappointed. I ordered this product a month ago and have yet to receive it. What s the problem  
not size stated. This hamper is not the size stated in the description. It is 18 1 2 wide  
Waste of money!!!. Please take my advice and buy another coffee maker! Made excellent coffee...at the beginning. Within a couple of months, we started spending many mornings wiping up the 
I wouldn t buy it again. I bought this slicer, to cut my German bread, that I bake myself. The slicer worked good at first and I was pleased, but 
Dissapointed DeLonghi customer. Decided to buy the DeLonghi heater, as recommended by ConsumerReports. On being powered on, the unit oscillated but neither fan nor heater started up. I did make 
Not air tight. These containers are a great size and hold exactly what they say they will and save cabinet space. Unfortunatly my sugar clumped up because of moisture and 
I sent this knife back. This knife was dull upon receipt. I sent it back...although I loved the handle shape and color  
Good and Bad. I added this Henkels International 5 piece Scissors when I purchased Henkels Pro-S 8inch High Carbon Chef s knife. The price for this 5 piece package was 
Exquisite product -as long as you don t intend to use it. This stunning slice of kitchen couture is undoubtedly a tactile and aesthetic dream - built with quality materials 
Not so great... I have had this sweeper for several months and like others, it s main purpose was to keep my kitchen floor, laundry room, and basement floors clean. 
A Great Big Mess all over my Stove and Kitchen floor. We used this fryer a few times and never quite got the food to come out as crispy as 
can openers should be easy. i bought this can opener to replace a lessexpensive hamilton beach model that stopped working. i needed a black one so i took a chance 
not as good as the first one I owned. I bought my first Presto Power Pop many, many years ago. I loved it. Finally, after so many years of use 
Cat collar. The idea is good, but the collar too easily slipped off our cat s neck  
Holmes HM630-U Tower Humidifier. I m not happy. The filter needed changing one day out of the box. We have soft water so this should have lasted a while. Difficult 
NOT Pottery Barn!. If what you re looking for is lush, plush truly thick towels, these are NOT it. If you want Pottery Barn luxe, you ll have to go 
Pleasant Enough. I Purchased a set simply because they came close in design to our everyday flatware. They come in a nice pine box which has no lid so they 
Very Puzzled & Disappointed. I purchased this item as a filler. I have two steamers already that are 5 yrs old. First of all i found this item to be 
4 out of 5 items were defective. I really wanted to like this dining set - it looked nice in the picture and the reviews impressed me.However, when the set 
Don t buy refurbished. We had previously bought this same coffee maker new and liked it so much that we wore it out. When I saw the refurbished for 20.00 
I don t understand why you are still selling this product. This percolator is not worth the price. The coffee tastes lousy and it does not stay hot.I returned mine 
Very flimsy!. I purchased two of these and the metal is flimsy. Both boxes are warped and don t sit squarely on the counter wobble . There s nothing I 
BAD FIT. I purchased this item thinking it would be great for my 5 yr old s room. He has a 19 inch TV VCR DVD combo that will not 
Junk. First, the item came with a manual marked by the previous owner. That can be overlooked, but the grinder was horrible in its grinding ability. I may have just 
DON T BUY-NO PARTS OR SERVICE!!!. I purchased this for my daughter, and boy is it a cute idea!!! And it even worked okay, that is for just over 1 
Not too hot. I baked six loaves in this machine. I have been using various bread machines for the past 12 years and feel comfortable making adjustments when things don 
Though beautiful, alas, mine rusted too... One shouldn t have to empty water out after every use. One shouldn t be punished with a rusty teapot for leaving water in 
Holes not as small as advertised. The add said it would seperate small berry seeds. The holes on the smallest grate are about 1 8 . You could fit 20 
Was below-average for a while, then jammed. I received this blender for x-mas last year. It has some nice design features good heavy base to prevent tipping, measuring cup built 
My first Amazon return. A few times it worked great, but mostly it brewed uneven. I m not being a nitpicker here... Literally one cup would overflow and the other 
POOR CHOICE - STEER CLEAR. I purchased two Digital KCM-515 Steel 10-Cup Coffee maker as Christmas gifts one for myself and the other for my sister . Both of these 
pretty awful... I bought 2 of these dispensers, one for syrup and one for honey. The dispenser is too stiff for children to use, and while the syrup moves quite 
Handle breaks easily. I bought this crock pot because it didn t look like a traditional country style crock pot. Unfortunately the handle broke off with the slightest bump. You 
Do Not Buy This Product. Do not buy this product or any other product with the Perfect Pour Carafe. The brilliant designers at Black & Decker thought that they would 
Hole in One Water Globe. Very disappointed when it broke after 15 minutes of handling. Very thin glass edges. Will not buy again  
Not very happy. The carafe has a plastic insert with a strong smell. There was no instruction how to pull it out instructions were very general, incomplete and written in 
terrible customer service. If you want to get a migraine and be stuck without a mixer for the holidays this would be the company that you would order from. It 
Go back to the cutting board. I bought the Chop Wizard thinking it would save me time in the kitchen, but it hasn t. Food has to be prepared destemmed, 
Not worth the money. Its not light as advertised. Its actually a very cumbersome broom. I d rather use a regular broom than this huge thing. I would not recommend 
not the colors stated in the description. Yes these are beautiful dishes, however they are not grey and slate blue or two shades of grey.. they are purple!!! so when 
Don t Bother!. Total rubbish. Wood was scratched on top, corner was smashed, water damage on the shelf, and door was cracked. It is really irritating to spend an hour 
Find another blanket. I purchased this blanket for 30 from Amazon after reading the same reviews I see now. The negative comment about it being too light weight sounds fake 
Flimsy and uncomfortable. We purchased the Lapinator Plus for 30 plus shipping, as well as the jumbo Microbead lap desk for half that price 15.99 . The microbead desk has 
Like a Ferrari: a frustratingly fickle machine. I bought a Capresso 114.01 espresso machine via Amazon in December of 2005. I had selected it in part, because of the high 
The first time a Taylor product has disappointed me. I bought one that didn t always work, and a replacement one was even less reliable. I upgraded to a higher 
This one is a Dud!. I have numerous KA appliances, including the stand mixer and Food Processor. I was happy to see a nice salad spinner, but was disappointed when 
A BIG disappointment. I thought this pan would be multi-purpose. It is not.It is also very tinny and not so well made.Save your money and get a adonized pan instead 
looks quite cheap, not as good from the picture. looks quite cheap, not as good from the pictur  
Not all it s cracked up to be. This grater is not a convenience, it s more of a punishment. I have tried it for hash browns, cheese, chocolate, etc. 
Good but unpredictable. I bought this coffee machine in October 2006 from Amazon after reading the reviews on this page, and I knew that some users had problems with the 
High Defective Rate. I purchased two of these items through Amazon. One of the units worked briefly, then quit; the other never worked at all. Under the vendor s return 
BROKEN into a 1000 pieces. I rated this product a 1 star, because I was never able to see the product as it was sent to me BROKEN.Amazon has got 
Don t buy these!. I registered for these because Henckels has a good reputation, but i am really disappointed. The knives are not recommended for the dishwasher and I have 
Works, but not for long!. In principle, this should be a great product. We got one and set it up in a few seconds. Our dogs responded to it very 
Hate it. My previous coffe pot, a cheapie Black-n-Decker, developed a habit of overflowing; because the cheezy sneak a cup mechanism would not function properly, creating the equivalent of a 
1 star for A-. mazon. I ordered 4 for xmas dinner, was sent three and they cancelled the 4th one saying the will never get it in. Thanks Amazon  
Started out good, but did not last long. I m new to making espresso and lattes, so lots of trial and error was required. Out of the box, the machine 
Don t waste your money!. After using this product twice I would have to say that it does not work. You are supposed to leave the solution on for 3 
Waste of money. This warmer will NOT keep your coffee hot. Lukewarm is the best you can hope for and that is only when the cup is almost empty. Don 
BETTER OFF WITH PAPER FILTERS. Don t buy this product. It was ill-fitting and incompatible with the coffee maker amazon matched it up with. I returned mine and went with 
Can a scale be too cranky and indecisive?. I ve gotten into bread baking and many of the books recommend measuring ingredients by weight instead of volume so I bought 
black and decker food processor. Everything has to be lined up just right for the machine to turn on. Its a safety feature. I can t seem to line it 
very poor quality. very bad quality, not worth to buy it.it is not as good as the picture. Don t buy it!!  
Cheep product! Did not work!. When I put the batteries in, it did not work! I had to take it apart and solder the spring connection to the PC board. 
Sucks great but, sucks. Giving 2 stars on the suction alone. Hepa filter doesn t self-clean turn after one use. A lot of dirt falls out from the hepa filter 
Horribly disappointed. This is the most I ve spent on a coffee maker. It was delivered right before Christmas of 06 and broke 3 months later. What a waste of 
real junk. Buy something else. First of all, it started out fine - had good suction, etc. There was only one flaw the dusting wand didn t work. It is 
sharpens but doesn t do a great job . This sharper is cool because it is a magnet that you can stick to the fridge for easy access. However it 
Not dry. I purchased this item because it claims to have effective means to prevent the food from getting wet and from clogging. Sadly, both clogging and wetness occurred. No 
poor coating. I agree with a previous review,coating does not hold up. Comes off if bumped to hard.has been used gently and the metal is already showing. One thing I 
Worst Product in Our Wedding Registry. My wife and I put a white Toast-R-Oven from Black & Decker on our wedding registry, thinking it d make a solid addition to 
USELESS--VERY ANGRY CUSTOMER. I usually like Oxo products, but this one is a real loser. Not only does it not give accurate readings which in itself should deem it useless, 
Fling-it Squirrel. Although the body of the squirrel is still intact, our Pug tore the fur off the tail of the squirrel the first day he had it. He still 
Not Blue, and you don t get two. These glasses are clear glass. There is no hint of blue, or any color or variation -- just plain glass. Also, another 
300 - thread-count Egyptian Cotton King Sheet set. The tags on the sheets said to wash before using. I did this and when I put them on the bed the 
tricky switch short blade. Price was a factor in buying, but I wanted mostly for slicing bread machine bread. The bit at the end of the blades get hung up 
Didn t last. The pump broke within 2 weeks and I haven t been able to find a replacement. It would be under warranty but I threw away the paperwork 
returned it due to electrical issues . I am still waiting for my refund or replacement, as I returned this item immediately as the problem with the electrical on off 
A Horrible Piece of Crap. Trust me, don t waste your money with this thing! I researched and shopped around for such an item and made the mistake of thinking 
Don t waste your money. I purchased these sheets in Feb. I washed them per the manufacturer s instructions before putting them on the bed, they never got that far! 
Easy Release.... in Pieces. I m returning my pans because even though I sprayed them, the cake still stuck in parts and didn t all come out smoothly. Plus the 
KitchenAid 16 Piece knife set. It looks attractive, but I was markedly disappointed with the lack of sharpness in all the knives. I find myself reaching for an old set 
Piece of crap. What a piece of crap. Just putting this together broke it. And was missing one of the snap parts. Truely a waste of money  
