Works well. A bit bulky. This rebuilt grill works well. Comes with 2 pairs of grilling plates that are easy to switch and or clean. This is a large unit 
I m impressed. I waited through the Christmas season to get this kettle- and I m SOOO glad I did. It s huge, it s handsome, the whistle is a 
Imagine not having a cup of coffee tomorrow morning... ...and you ll understand why you need at least one extra carafe on hand. If you re going to buy the 
LOVE it!. Why didn t I buy this sooner?? This washer spins so well that even towels I wash in the evening are dry before I go to bed I 
Rival 8550-X Electric Ice Cream Maker. This product does an excellent job of making home made ice cream provided you use a recipe that will freeze up well. We tend 
Good, but get the spade instead. My mother-in-law has this Kitchen Aid scoop version. It s good, but not as good as the spade version. I give it 4 stars 
Handy-dandy tote. Holds Champagne bottles too. Stores flat. Nice workmanship. Great for trips. XLT value  
beautiful table. I ordered this for our entry way and it is beautiful. The table if very heavy and looks great. Great product and a great price. We get many 
Good all-around 24oz travel mug. I spent a lot of time looking for a 24oz travel mug that was usable both with and without the top on most have the 
Pleasant tea. This is a simple, clean-lined tea for one. It is very lightweight and feels like it is hollow inside the ceramic. I worry that it would easily break 
Keep em busy. I bought this for my dog last Christmas and she loves it. It keeps her busy for quite a long time  
Great balance and weight. I found this when looking for a larger Santuko type knife. I took it out of the package at the store and was immediately impressed with 
Sharper Image Mini Fridge. I bought this fridge to keep under my desk at work to keep my coffee creamer, yogurt and fruit. It has been on the cool setting 
Works great. I have found this colander to be an excellent kitchen tool. It s great for washing and rinsing berries, fresh lettuce and other vegetables as well as draining 
Great Knives. The knives are fantastic. It is so wonderful to work with really sharp and well balanced knives. I liked them so much I went ahead and purchased more 
Great spice rack at a decent price. We were looking for a wall-mounted spice rack that wasn t too expensive. This one fits the bill nicely. The lids are all 
very nice. this is a good pet bed and a bargain for the prize. Seems to be well made, very puffy, my dog was trying to pound it down before 
Soft with a good fit. We are verry satisfied with our Pinzon sheets, we had pruchased other more expensive sheets in the past and these were just as good if 
suction plus quiet. Living in Germany for half a year, our flat came with this vacuum. Its clearly the best vacuum I ve ever had. Not only does it work 
Great value, some tricky assembly. I ll echo some of the other reviews and point out that the final assembly of the drawer can be a real test of your 
High quality dog collars. This is one of many Lupine collars and leashes that I have bought. The cool colors and patterns are fun. The best part about the collars 
know what time it is. this clock will make you very popular. seeing as you ll be the only in the world to own this specific color clock, you ll 
Gift a Hit. These glasses were purchased as a Christmas gift and the recipient was very pleased with them  
NO WARP YET NOT A LOT OF DOUGH!!. I bought two of these at Christmas time because I had found a lot of new recipes I wanted to try for 
Very good. I got more than I expected. Which is good, because it seemed over priced when I bought it. But it was the only one I could find with 
Fiestaare Rimmed soup bowls. prompt arrival- excellent condition. My order arrive promptly within 3 days, free shipping and was in excellent condition. Very pleased. Will order again. Thank you.  
Great Fetch Toy. My dogs love the Air Kong Line. It is a great item to play fetch with and with the shape of theis toy both dogs try to 
relative value. I purchased my first unit for a friend, who has multiple pets kitties and pomeranians . It worked so well for them, I bought one for my own 
great mug. This mug is great. I bought two of them. My husband loves his as well. It does not have the little thing on the lid that you have 
Perfect Gift. We gave this as a gift and the couple we gave it to are very pleased with it  
Worked great for us!. We have four dogs, and they re pretty good at working each other into a frenzy of barking. One of our neighbors strongly suggested this product 
Good for young kids; but better for senior kids adults. I purchased this set of boxes for my 3-year-old kid to store his toys. They are strong enough, with good 
Glasses Not Guaranteed. Just wanted to alert potential buyers to the fact that the glasses are not covered under the traditional Corelle guarantee.Bought a set for my daughter, within one 
It s Just ok ., Bakwaas hain . It s quite big and takes hell lot of time to cook. Food burn very quickly, bottom material is not that good. 
Sanyo SK-7W Space Saving Toasty Oven. I ordered this oven for my parents. They had the same one in the past and was very happy with it. They even bought 
SUPER SOFT!. THE SIMPLY SOFT YARNS ARE ALL SO WONDERFUL TO WORK WITH...SOFT AND EASY ON YOUR FINGERS. THE COLORS IN THIS VARIEGATION ARE SIMPLY BOLD AND BEAUTIFUL  
Good for Ties, Problematic for Belts. Good Product. I ve gone through many different gadgets to hang my ties motorized, rotary, hooks, etc. . In the end, I began storing 
Very good skillet, surprisingly. Many of you reading these reviews may be wondering how this compares to similar items made of cast iron. I can tell you that, while it 
Extending a tradition.... This stock pot is the ideal energy saver amongst its other attributes- beauty, durability, value... all so readily found in the Revere line. The tall, narrow configuration 
Great kettle. This kettle is doing great so far! It is fast, easy to fill, and the water actually tastes like water. The lowest setting is good for hot chocolate. 
easy to use. easy to claen and replace filter. simple instructions. nothing to put together. is compact and fits on srairs for cleaning  
Love this little tea kettle!. I should know.......... I have bought it twice now! I started off buying the cheap ones....... but they are ugly & I walked out of 
Blended by the light. This powerful and sylish blender replaced an old 12 speed Oster which had me grumbling with every use. Two of the primary selection factors were the 
Metrokane Vacuum Wine Stoppers, Set of 4 Review. I bought this item for test purpose. It s a right product for my need  
So far great coffee and experience. The drip coffee is excellent. I love the programmable timer and ease of making coffee and cleaning. The machine is quiet and makes coffee 
Loving Our First Toaster Oven. I did a lot of research online before finally buying this toaster oven at Bed, Bath & Beyond. It was 89.99 but I paid about 
Had to get it to replace one from our childhood. My mother had a similar one when we were kids. It was much sturdier, but then again, they made things 
Party Central. A real attention getter at our parties. Makes the perfect margarita as well as smooties and other drinks  
It s PHENOMENAL!. As I tend to nurse a cup of tea at the office for a while, I decided to purchase this product this after looking around for a 
great product for small spaces. we are very pleased with our pot rack..if you have limited space this is a very good value and holds quite a few pots in 
I love these dishes!. I ordered this about a year ago and no problems with delivery, received it after about 3 weeks, great price and quality, no complaints at all 
Great replacement pads. Pads work great! I was glad I read previous reviews so that I did not put them in the dryer. I love this mop!  
Much improved over the original version. My original Drinkwell extended reservoir worked for several years but then developed a slow leak.Don t know if it was a problem with the 
color me a little disappointed. The quality of the china is very good. The weight and feel of the product is substantial. I was disappointed in the color and antique 
cosequin works. My Maine Coon has arthritis in his paws. His paws get quite swollen. With the Cosequin the swelling has noticeably improved and he isn t limping! He isn 
Amazon Shipping. The knives have a reputation that preceeds them. So, no comment is necessary for that.I wanted to point out that one should never use any method but Super 
hmm... I m not sure about this one.. the pans are a bit lighter weight than I thought they would be from the picture, and the rivets that attach the 
Good value and powerful. I purchased this unit just over a month ago. It arrived in less than a week. I ve had no problems with it yet. It is 
Handy gadget. Wonderful little gadget to have around in the house for weighing anything from letters to jewelry! Very accurate. Am quite pleased with it  
pretty good. very bright light, and is great for my cross stitching. the only problem i had was that it can get a little heavy and awkward if you are 
Hoover U5752-900 Bagless WindTunnel Upright Vacuum. Vacuum works great, easy to use and store. The no bag feature is wonderful  
Great for cornbread... I ve been using this pan for cornbread for close to a year now, and am very pleased with it. Nice crisp crust, easily released, and easy 
Don t waste your time withe the cheaper wireless speakers. I first purchased a less expensive wireless speaker which will remain nameless with a little snooping, you can find my 
The Pump is a Plug-In, Not Built-In. Great temp bed for the price! Glad we got the Queen size mainly due to the extra inches in length; of course, greater 
Great Looking and Functional. I recently purchased the 3 1 2 quart buffet casserole. I was worried about the size, but found that this pot beats the capacity of my 
One of the BEST values in mid-sized MW ovens!. I conducted a good amount of research before deciding on this Sharp microwave oven. I wanted my new oven to meet 
Great Product and service. I love this blanket- just the right weight and warmth for my house which has wood heat. It s a generous size and has very nice 
Worth the price. I picked this blade up the other day and am thrilled with it. Though it was moe expensive than the Wustof that I had intended to buy 
Good stuff. These are so much easier to handle than the traditional mitts and they work amazingly well against heat. A good product  
Excellet Pot. Great Pot - glad to finally have one and at a great price too  
Love it!. Living on a ranch, I get a lot of junk tracked into the house. This handy broom vac lets you do a quick clean up and be done. 
Mixed feelings... I have high expectations for Zojirushi s products. I ve purchased a similar water dispenser CD-JSC22 for myself a year ago and I swear I can t live 
No complaints. I got this because I wanted one that is smaller than the G-18 that I also have. Both are advertised as flexible. I bought them because the thin 
Worked great for us!. I ordered 2 of these machines for 10.99 each, got them lightning fast thanks to my prime trial, and a day later ordered the SF Signature 
Worked for us. I purchased 3 units and they work well for us. I have 2 units in children s bedrooms on AC power and the 3rd in the kitchen 
I Can Walk My Dog Now. I have a very head strong medium size dog who pulled endlessly on the leash, choking, making terrible nosies and hurting my arm. I 
Size is confusing. The pillow top is very well made, and very nice to sleep on. The only drawback is the size. It was listed as king cal king. Not 
A nice piece of tool. Well I followed advise from the other reviewers and covered the meat with plastic wraps so that there s no mess at all and result 
A good, sturdy light. This is what we needed. A good bright light for our kitchen sink area.  
Perfect. I ordered these sheets for my daughter s dorm room. They are soft, have great style and fit the dorm mattress great  
Swivel Recliner Lounge Chair. Chair was fairly easy to assemble. Fabric seems to be fairly thin so if you have cats, this could easily be torn. We bought 4 chairs 
Great coffee Good pot. I ve had this pot for over a year and love it. Fast, hot, great tasting coffee which stays hot and fresh for a long time. 
Great fun. I bought a Wiggly Giggly ball for my Airedale, Dizzy. He had a fabulous time rolling it around and the noise kept him busy for a long time-he 
For all tea lovers. This item is a must-have for someone who enjoys tea. The chain and hook are perfect for use in either a single cup of tea or 
Beautiful Pies. Emile Henri is worth every penny for someone who really loves to cook. Pie crust is crispy even in the middle on the bottom without using a lard 
Great bowl for the price. I purchased two of these bowls years ago and they have held up well. I use them more than any of my tupperware because they 
Deni 6000 Ice Crusher Review. It s a very secure for children. My daughter is happy with this produc  
Incredible machine, wonderful espresso, and worth the money!. I bought the machine about 2 weeks ago and it took me about 5 min to read the instructions and use the 
Love it. I first purchased the Dual dry food dispenser in black. Its plastic through and seemed like it wanted to fall over. I was always straightening the back of 
Beautiful. They call it a lasagna dish, but so much more has been cooked in ours. I reserve the fifth star for an item that goes stovetop to oven to 
Love It. I love this dispenser. It helps keep all of the clutter of cereal boxes off of my refrigerator and out of my cabinets. My 1 year old loves 
Dehydrator TOO HOT. I bought this inexpensive dehydrator soon after adopting a raw food diet. After experimenting with different recipes, I became aware that my dehydrator seemed to dehydrate things 
Versatile. This is indeed a large pot, but I have found it extremely useful and use it at least once a week. I didn t want a large number of 
Fits perfectly, not crunchy . I bought this mattress liner for my child s bedroom and it is just what we needed. It is nice and smooth, not noisy at 
So far, so good. I bought this from Amazon.com right after the holidays. I must say I was leary after reading the negative reviews. However, it is one of the 
excellent cooking pot. This pot is wonderful for everything from a roast to a home- cooked soup. A little heavy to carry but well worth it  
Shark Vapor Steamer. This unit is used for professional detailing and is perfect for cleaning stains out of carpets and fabric upholstery; for cleaning map pockets; inside consoles; glove boxes 
Keep it handy!. I love the curved handle, it feels great! This company knows what they are doing!!! .........I put up two towel bars one above the other and hung 
A great Espresso Cappuccino maker. While researching Espresso Cappuccino makers I found this model. I bought it used at a great price. A feature I really like is the control 
Great Knife Sharpener. This Knife Sharpener arrived and has performed like new... It was a comprimise on my part to not get the three stage sharpener this is a two 
Great little tower. This is my third mission collection item, and it lives up to the other two. You can t go wrong with this collection. I use it for 
good block for the money. Slots are a little small for the large knives, but a good basic block  
Great gift!. This was a beautiful gift for my daughter who has beaucoup fiestaware. Much appreciated  
hanging shoe bag. This was an item I had a hard time finding in a local store. I was looking for specific dimensions and this was the only place I 
works well. Lived in Miami. The water there is hard, contains chlorine, flouride, lead and other harmful materials. We purchased the water cooler from Brita after spending hundreds of dollars 
Great little vac Eureka 437AZ. I recieved the vac yesterday, and took it out of the box, attached the parts, and started vacuuming dog hair from my indoor-outdoor carpet on 
Very soft, and of average durability. I have found this blanket exceedingly soft and it has held up well in the washing machine thus far one month since purchase . 
Great whisk. Everything I could want in a whisk. I much prefer the flat whisk over the balloon whisk and this one did not disappoint  
The most Effective Multi-Purpose Cooker. This is one of the best less expensive fuzzy logic cookers available in the market.Pros: i Possible to make the rice ready at any desired 
VERY NICE. We like the coat rack a lot it is very sturdy and practical with lots of hooks and the black iron with the leaves around the umbrella stand 
I love this knife!. This is the best knife I have ever had. Since I ve had it- I haven t needed my food processor nearly as often. It is 
Beautiful Tree. I received many compliments on this beautiful tree. Wish it were a music box too. Folks keep picking it up to turn it on.  
Convenient for its size and power. This small, light vacuum is super for anything but rugs too much work . The suction is very, very strong, the plug retracts automatically 
Not Bad. I really like this kitchen gadget as it different, actually useful, and my hands smell less like garlic. Thus far, I have only used it to chop herbs, 
The LAST blender I ll ever buy!. I honestly can t say enough wonderful things about this blender. I make loads of smoothies and this blender tears through my frozen 
Great Service. Great service - delivery was fast - product is just what I wanted!!! Will due business again with this seller!!!  
good value. The items are well made and easy to use. The egg cup could use a better closure system, as the egg yolks, even when pierced prior to cooking, 
That just-right present!. Finally, a present that has not been taken by the holiday crunch. This decantor is graceful and elegant, a perfect gift for that person you don t 
great and convenient cooking tool for anyone. I have been wanting a good wok for a very long time, however until recently I have been preparing all of my stir 
&quot;A MUST have&quot;. I thought about buying this desk a couple of times. I was sure it was made out of that pressed partical board that most others are made 
Excellent Espresso. I like my coffee strong and black. After years with an inferior machine my wife and I sprung for this unit. It does not have all the bells 
Simply Beautiful. These beautiful plates now grace the plate rail in kitchen and add so much varity because of their different shapes and patterns  
nice for the price. good fabric and nice size. great for the price, free  
best kettle to be had in the us. i ve had one of these since 03 03, and the little thing is holding up just fine - i haven t 
Humidifier filter. The filter is the make and size recommended by the manufacturer of the humidifier. It works really well.  
Introducing Wine. This classy wine tasting glass set will introduce you to the true flavors and characteristics of your favorite wines. Recently, I went to a tasting where we sampled 
Carbon filters. The carbon filters are great. We have just recently had a friend move in with us and brought her cat and we still can t tell that they 
better than the others. I bought four cheese slicers and returned three. This is definitely the best  
Excellent. I received this for Christmas. I have used it several times a week since December. We LOVE roasted garlic. It s so nice not to heat up an entire 
Very sturdy!. I love Fiestaware! It is very sturdy, durable and the colors are awesome. I will definately continue to buy this product  
Gotta Get That Red Butterfly!!!!. My cat loves this. She very quickly learned that I was the one controlling the image and every time she wants to play she ll 
Coffee Pods. For those of you having trouble finding the pods, Target carries them although sometimes they only have certain flavors out, it s a hit or miss kind of 
HUGE. I was shocked by how big this was. I was planing to use it as a sauce pan for boiling water for rice and noodles, but thats out of 
Excellent dishware. You just can t go wrong with Fiestaware. It s sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily from table to dishwasher to cabinet . And if my rough-on-dishes family 
I guess it s okay. This is my first waffle maker, so I can t really give a good review, but I guess I m pretty happy with it. It 
5 Star Knife for a 5 Star Chef. &quot;A chef is only as good as his knifes.&quot; I have used this particular knife over 5 years in the kitchen. I 
Cat Meds. I ve used this product before. It s easy to sprinkle on catfood -- difficult to tell how effective it is but the cat gets around  
Powerful fan. This fan is excellent. It is very powerful even on the lowest setting. The remote and timer are great features. I did extensive research before purchasing a fan 
Terrific Kitchen Tool!. I bought this item with an ice cream maker. My freezer isn t cold enough for the maker, so I sent it back. The spade on the 
WMF Pressure Cooker. I have owned one of these for 15 years. It works perfectly. You must not overfill the cooker. This would contribute to it not working properly.I use 
Great value cookware. While this cookware is not top of the line, it is a wonderful combination of quality and price. I expect it to be functional for a number 
Fast Fat Free Cooking. Great product, I may never grill outside again!!! Grill a 2 inch thick steak in 5 minutes. You will not be sorry you purchased this product 
McDonald s Ain t Got Nuthin on This. This is THE BEST invention EVER. I love egg sandwiches. They are a great breakfast, lunch or dinner. The unit is slightly 
excellent all around. Fast service from the shipper, unit exactly as pictured.Very happy with this purchase  
I LOVE this pan!. Not only is it beautiful in design but it is the most perfect size for making a thousand things. I ve done soups, risottos, sauces and 
good performer. I have only had it for a couple of weeks.So far no complaints.Solid performance.Sturdy.S  
Could use minor improvement. The handle of this tenderizer is a little flat, I guess in order to fit on a wall gadget rack. This makes it slightly awkward to 
MBell. Amazon did a great job. The product arrived on time and was packed well. I used the VillaWare and it worked perfectly. I loved my wonderfully cooked waffles!  
Accusharp- a kitchen necessity!. I am a Chef, and have always scoffed at these types of sharpeners, but this one really works. Follow the instructions, use a soft touch, and 
Immediate Odor Control better than Long Lasting Odor Control. I have 1 cat and I have found that the immediate odor control is better for eliminating odors than the long 
Pleased with product. The product is quiet and radiates heat throughout the room rather quickly. There is no odor. Product took much longer to ship than we were originally told. 
works well. no problems with it yet i have only had it for two months ... picks up all the dirt pretty well. is a safe bet  
Very spiffy toaster. This toaster is very good looking and feels pretty substantial for the price. It doesn t have that super-duper professional look and feel you get with a 
Carousel Spice rack. My wife made me take back the white spicerack and get this stainless steel one.It does look prettier.The only problem is the 1 4 teaspoon click is 
Gone back to the Melitta. Okay, let s face it. At least for me, there is no one coffee pod machine that has the best of everything. I tried the 
Great all around value!. This vacuum cleaner has strong suction and practically pulls me across the floor. It is powerful, but not to heavy. I really like the rubber bumber 
Best Coffee Perc!. This has been the best perc ever used! and, yes of course a few grounds do get into the coffee but that s to be expected with 
Nice quilt. I have this quilt as the top layer on my bed, and it works well to trap heat and add a little weight. It s not very snuggly 
Excellent alternative to..... These glasses are a terrific buy. You can two sets of six for basically the same price as the other guys single set, and believe me, you 
Rival Beverage Fountain is so AWESOME! It s so ELEGANT & what a conversation centerpiece. I can t rave enough about this beautiful Rival Fountain! I got it for my 
Good one. Pros:Towels are good in quality. Absorb water very well. Decent in length. Soft.Cons:Have lint coming off when trying to wipe wet skin.Still need to put it through a 
Wonderful Sheets!. Silky soft and beautiful! I love these nice quality and roomy sheets! The extra pillowcases are fantastic too!  
Form and Funtion. Works great! It heats up fast and cleanup is a breeze. Haven t tried washing it in a dishwasher  
Very Elegant & Contemporary!. We are using this piece in our wedding as part of the unity candle ceremony. We are using our own candles from another vendor. Part of 
Blitz 11735 Stack-N-Sor Food Storage. What a great product for dog food. I wish they made one smaller for cat food. Definitely would buy one. And, you can t beat 
oxo swivel peeler. great tool -- sturdy and swift  
For this price?!. Let s not kid ourselves, it s not for the king s table. Not for this price; But it is more than worth the money for casual 
KitchenAid 12 Inch Skillet. Skillet arrived in great condition and was delivered on time, as promise  
Wonderful kitchen tool. This spatula is great for all kinds of cooking. You can get it hot without worrying about it melting. Easy to handle, and easy to clean. I 
Beautiful Martini set not packed well. This is a beautiful piece and really looks nice on the bar however when it arrived I could hear clanking in the package. Upon 
egg cooker. cooks soft boiled eggs perfectly every time. i use it daily and have put one at son s home for when i visit  
Absolutely love it!. I got my raclette as a Christmas present and it is one of the best gifts I ve ever received! I love to have people over and 
Excellent every-day glasses. These glasses are great for every-day use. Unlike most Reidel it can fit in the dishwasher, and they aren t as likely to get tipped over since 
Excellent sponge holder. I got the OXO Good Grips 1057905 Suction Sponge Holder to hold my kitchen sink sponge. The OXO Good Grips 1057905 Suction Sponge Holder does an excellent 
Nice table. I bought this directly from a Target store after seeing it in a circular. It took about 15 minutes to put together, very easy. Solid construction, smooth, slightly 
Great tongs for nonstick. If you re like me, you find it really hard to find GOOD utensils that you can use with your nonstick cookware. Spoons are the only 
I Love These Knives!. They are without a doubt the best knives I have ever owned.  
Love Purr Pad!!! : . My two cats love purr padds. It helps keep the cat hair off my funiture and it keeps them clean too. They like it because 
Great product. Fantastic quality: good fit; looks like the type of satin seen in old Hollywood movies; color has a classy subdued tone that made it easy to combine with 
Great looking, fast set up. We just got this sofa from Target for our sunroom. It has a great modern look, and a solid feel. We assembled this very easily 
Fantastic!. We ordered about 20 for all of our convenience centers in our firm. We have only received compliments on our choice because of the look and the feel. They 
excellent scale for the kitchen or small packages. I ve used this scale both as a kitchen scale and as a small postage scale. It s dead-on accurate, and it 
Amazing. This pillows are so incredably soft. I wished they had a zipper so they would not fall off that would make them perfect . But they are still worth 
Copper just looks wonderful. We have a huge collection of Calphalon hard anodized, but when cooking tomato based dishes, they can discolor. Adding the copper with stainless interior makes it 
Saving money and feeling warm. We use this heater in our kitchen. However, we are quickly finding out that it can heat much more. I have another one on order 
No cat can resist these. I don t know it is about these, but cats absolutely love them. I have shared them with friends and family members that have cats, 
Polly, Put The Kettle On!. . . . And we ll all have tea! That is exactly what this was meant to do.My wife likes to enjoy a nice cup 
Convenience product. Certainly not the cheapest way to filter water for coffee, but makes a real difference in the taste without any trouble at all. We have a high-grade under-sink 
Cars wort;h the wait. I tried to purchase this comforter locally but all the local stores either were out or didn t even carry them. My four year old son 
columbia heavy weight towels. Awesome.super absorbant.just what i wanted. i would definately purchace this product again  
Very California a Nice. We actually own these in the mint, and yellow and LOVE them. You hold them like you would a glass with a finger thru the handle 
Good Chair. I recently bought this chair for my grandmother and it is perfect for her. It took me about 45 minutes to put together and is very comfortable. I 
Bold, large and beautiful!. These bowls were everything I hoped they would be...they are a beautiful, bold red colorThe bowls are about 4 1 2 inches across the top and 
Good product at a good price!. We wanted to make sure that our dog had access to the canine formulation but the price at the vet s was prohibitive. Our 
FABULOUS VINTAGE PATTERN. We inherited a collection of vintage Franciscan Apple that have decorated our china hutch for almost 20 years. Recently I searched for an everyday dinnerware for my 
beautiful glasses. These glasses were used for a summer party. I ordered them just days before the party. They arrived quickly with no problem and added to the glamour of 
Works great!. I orginally thought we were getting a larger sized sharpener, but were very happy after using this smaller version. Would definately recommend this one over the 70 version! 
A luxury, but don t pass it up!. I ve been a disciple of single malt Scotches for over 15 years, well before it was trendy. I have owned these 
Easy Set up. You just undue two twist-ties and the thing pops right up. I got one for my nephew when he turned four - he immediately went looking for 
Mine s A Little Different From The One Shown. I like the one I recieved better than the one shown because the prongs are much longer. It fits into my 
The Best Waffle Maker!. After watching Elton Brown on Food Network one evening, I realized that a round traditional waffle maker is the best choice. After researching the best, I 
Crockpot BBQ. This is a wonderful invention. I use it all the time. The meat comes out just perfect. I used it for BBQ chicken, ribs, and other meats. Really 
Le Creuset Best Quality Behind The Name!. If you are familiar with the Le Creuset brand you will already know the quality. This is fantastic quality cookware. The beauty of 
Good Product -- arrived quickly. This was my first online purchase for bedding and I was concerned about the quality of the item. Even though it was relatively inexpensive, the 
Works great: mini hotplate. This sucker has plenty of power -- keeps coffee piping hot. The downside is that when you leave a near-empty cup on it and it bakes 
CLEAN-UP IS A BREEZE WITH THEEZE!. If you are using your dehydrator frequently or even spuratically, you will need these liners for your trays. They are great because your food 
collects all pieces. Eesy to use, clean by vacuum cleaner. Less trush in the bathroom. I have no regrets about this purchase  
the gift. I was introduced to this fan by a close friend. She spoke very highly of it had never had a problem with it and that was good enough 
Claude Monet Bookplates. Beautiful bookplates. Easy to work with and adhere very well to book pages. Seller accurately described product and filled order in a timely manner. Very nice product 
The Best....but. ....they are now out of stock! PLEASE RESTOCK THESE SHEETS!!! They are the best flannel sheets for the money. They are so soft wash after wash. Where are 
Oh so Trendy and Unique. This Decanter from Riedel is one I bought for a close friend of mine for Christmas. Not only did he love it, but he stated, 
Great Ice Cream Maker. I ve used my Ice Cream Maker twice now and it has worked great. I used my own recipe and the ice cream was a prefect 
Good Purchase. Heats up big room quickly. Moved into a new place that didn t have central heating, got rather cold at night and in the morning so I searched 
outstanding deal. This metal coat rack is well worth the money. It is very attractive as well as practical. It is very good quality and would be a beautiful yet 
Professional Quality. This set has large, sturdy utensils in a beautiful no-slip ceramic crock with room for other tools. Looks great on the counter  
Great knives and great service. This set of knives was replacing an older set. They are so comportable to use and the grip helps to keep my hands from slipping. 
Lead free crystal wine glasses. I was attracted to these glasses because they are lead free crystal...a nice feature. The glasses are huge, however. I m keeping them but they 
I can finally cook delicious rice!. I ve never been able to cook rice, but I recently decided to try to recreate a persian rice dish called chelow that I 
Perfect tools for the job. These tools really making canning easier. The jar lift is great!! If you want to can at home these tools are a most.  
Attractive and functional. I purchased this specifically because I was looking for a small spoon rest and a reviewer commented that this could only hold a tablespoon. I was slightly 
a up date on my purchase. ok i was not a happy camper an today july 27 i was called by carlos,seller, personally to return the kettle i had bought 
Nice Little Bookshelf. This bookshelf works perfectly to hold all my cookbooks. It is stylish and small enough to fit in a corner in my dining room. I ve assembled 
my kitty Boo-boo just loves it!. My three year old med-length hair tortiseshell cat adores this brush. She gets persistent dandruff and furballs but won t let me touch her 
Absolutely amazing!. This item is very well made; very heavy and doesn t topple over like so many other similar products. One thing not mentioned is that there are small 
yay!!!. came right away. new. will buy from this seller again. thank you!!! : ~r.k  
Simply the Best. You cannot beat All-Clad in the quality department. After using this pan for a week my family even noticed how my cooking was tastier. This pan does 
Clean Water Finally!. I have been purchasing water at my supermarket and was spending more than 30 a month! After we purchased this water filter, I can tell there s 
This Definitely Does NOT Suck!. I ordered 2 of these boxes, and I really don t know what to think about someone who can t get them together easily. It 
Electric Kettle. Great kettle. Everyone should have one. Both my kids have them in their dorm rooms and are besieged by others wanting to use them to make noodles oatmeal 
Fluffy Soft before and after washing. I was extremely pleased with this product even though I thought I was getting a purple duvet instead of the Lilac one I received. 
WOW... JUMP ON THIS DEAL!. This cookware is so wonderful that I can t find the words to describe it! Not only is is absolutely gorgeous in classic white but 
This darned thing actually works!. Like most of us, I have fallen victim to the phenomenon of impulse buying - on line, in a store, or over the phone after 
Extremely effective - reusable filter not so much. I am a smoker and my wife is not, so my smoking at home is relegated to outside or in my home 
day2tripp. These furry mice are the only toy both my cats will play with. People visiting think they are real -- apparently, cats do too!  
Great to use with your non-stick cookware. I just recieved this a few days ago, and it really works great. I purchased this for using with my non-stick cookware, and 
for the traveling coffee junky. Probably the best cup of coffee espresso, minus the coffeeshop. Bialetti s Moka Express makes a sludgy cup of goodness for those that prefer it 
Nice Gift. These little swizzle sticks are a great gift for people who give alot of parties. Each person can recognize their drink by the swizzle stick. They are very 
Fiestaware is Addictive!!!. I started my fiestaware collection in November of 2002 when I was first introduced to it. I started my collection with a sunflower and persimmon disk pitcher, 
This is a wonderful Product for Stainless Steel. I am very happy with it, I dont use stainless steel for cooking often i perfer cast iron and porcelin, but one 
Love this!. This is the perfect little pitcher to own for serving creamer or milk for coffee or tea. It s a wonderful compliment to the rest of the Fiestaware 
No more burned teapots. It wasn t cheap about 70 , but we use it everyday. I can t tell you how many teapots we thoughtlessly melted before this one. 
Mangum 350. Great filter have used it for 9yrs on 100 gal fresh water still runs great but the bottom of the housing that the manget spins in wore out 
Great product; great price. The HB 31602 is an excellent raclette grill at a price well below that of most other raclettes on the market now. This is my second 
Awesome. My mom loves her knife. I have used it at her house and I wish I had one  
my new china. During the remodeling of my kitchen, I decided I needed new china. I purchased FiestaWare in many colors, and it looks beautiful with the new colors in 
Funny gift to give : . It s soft and medium-sized. Didn t pay too much for them so didn t feel too bad when friends would come over and 
Very Elegant. The set is a very beautiful set. The color is not yellow as it appears in the picture. The color is really Oatmeal beige. It has a distressed 
IT DOES IT S JOB. EVENTHOUGH THE TAPWATER LOOKS GOOD THE TASTE DOES NOT.I DONT WANT TO TAKE CHANCE AS FAR AS HEALTH IS CONCERNED.THE FILTER WILL COME FOR THREE 
Heavy Performance Without the Weight. I don t like to have more than the basics in my kitchen and I m not a particularly motivated cook. I don t collect 
seems like old time quality. I was looking for a long time for a mixer that seemed like a good quality. I did buy one from the store but it 
Best Ever!. What a great little device! Put the tortilla in. Cover tortilla with goodies of your choice. Put another tortilla on top. Cover and microwave for 1.5 minutes. Built 
Eureka Mighty Mite. This an outstanding product for the money. It is lightweight and versatile. Not good for carpets, but outstanding for all other uses  
when looking for a very good alternative. For those who love the prior reviews but just like me had to find out that it isnt sold anymore, have a look 
Great addition for larger jobs. Ordering 4 more of these trays has allowed me to make 5-6 pounds of beef jerky in one session. Adding the additional trays didn t 
Great Space Saver!. This item allows you to be able to have 5 pairs of pants and take up 1 5 of the space. I would definitely market this to 
Very Nice Sheets!. I bought these for my son. Very High Quality and very nice! We are pleased  
Finally a pet gate that is good looking and practical!. These gates are great for keeping our dogs out of the rooms we don t want them in. The gates 
Maverick Automatic Egg Cooker Poacher - EC200. That s wonderful. It s really easier to used and quickly to fixed the eggs for my family. I like it so much 
Le Creuset the best. I love this pot. These items are a bit pricey but are worth it  
French Press Makes Superior Coffee. French Press will make superior cup of coffee compared to regular coffee makers. I ordered this when I was staying at a hotel because I 
Easy to Clean. This is an upgrade for me. I use to have the Cuisinart Grind and Brew. The XP2070 s espresso maker, delivers perfect crema. You have to use 
Excellent especially for the price. These shams are very soft and wash very well with little shrinkage. I only gave 4 stars because they are a little thin and will 
mine still works ... i havent had any difficulties with this coffeemaker and it is also still in perfect condition !  
Nesco FD-1010 Dehdrator Review. It s good. It works. It does the job. We like it. We ll keep it  
Riedel O Chardonnay glasses. Very pleased with the glasses. We already had the cabernet glasses and wanted to add to the collection. they are such delicate crystal I feel like 
Great heater!!!!!. It s been 3 months since we bought this heater, we use it everyday and it works terrific. It warms up our 12 x18 bedroom really fast. We 
the force is with this one. My son is a Star Wars nut and just loves this blanket  
The Best Coat Rack Ever Made so far . Great product, good value at the price  
cleans great. i love this thing and keep it in the kitchen ready to use. it is light weight and easy to use. it is nice looking and has a 
good mug, good price. it s pretty much you re average travel mug, it does what it says so you can start drinking your hot drinks sooner than you normally 
Never leave home without it!. At first I doubted it but my son wanted desperately to buy me a present for the holidays so I told him to go for 
Great addition to the kitchen!. This is such a nice addition to the kitchen. I don t have touch anything to get soap! So convenient when working with something, and 
Cutest Thomas Print. I think this is the cutest Thomas Bedding print. The only one complaint that I have about this set is that it s very rough. I purchased 
The Best for Everyday Wine Glasses. I own dozens of wine glasses from the most expensive lead crystal to winery logo glasses. I also have a set of Reidel Vinum 
fading color. I got the cafe. This sheets is very comfortable but after a few washes the color tends to fade.  
another great Calphalon product. Excellent product from Calphalon, as usual it is of excellent quality and a great price. I ve been searching for this small sauce pan to complete 
Loofa dogs. My daschund Charlie loves his BoBo s!!! Thanks for having them!! PetSmart is always out.  
Best Pepper Mill ever. I really like this new version of the OXO Good Grips Pepper Mill.It works great...better than the old one  
EASIEST FILTERS. These filters are so easy to replace and come three in pack. Great product  
15 minutes out of the box, and I ve got excellent espresso. I am extremely pleased with this machine thus far. It came with the illy E.S.E. pods, as well 
Stylish yet very useful!. I ordered this for my husband who loves loose tea. It is easy to use and works great. The silver strainer cup does come off easily 
Top Fin Desktop Aquariums. My fish and I are very satisfied with this product.I have three, and have not been disappointed. Ihave one betta splendens in each aquarium, and,placed side-by-side, 
Works great - Read The Instructions. This is one of my favorite items in the kitchen. It works great for honey, peanut butter and other sticky items. It works just 
Waring blendors are the best. My Grandmother had a Waring Blendor. My Mother had a Waring Blendor. Why did I have to BUY one instead of borrowing one of theirs? 
Don t give up if it seems not to work at first. I bought this item through Target via Amazon. Similar to other recent purchasers, I had problems with the 
Cat s Loved It!. My 1 year cat loves this product! She has hours of fun jumping on it, playing with the hanging purple balls & stretching her claws! Recommend 
Great Buy!. This has been a great purchase for my family. It was easy to put together and provided the right amount of extra storage that we needed. For 30, 
can you say quiet... Finally a quiet vacuum with some serious suction! I have a 200 year old farm house that really needs this vacuum and has been smiling since 
Hamilton Beach Snowman Ice Shaver. My son and I LOVE this item! It s so fun to be able to quickly and easily make shaved ice. Sometimes we freeze juice 
Best Yet. I have a drawer full of book lights. This is by far the best. Long flexible neck that stays where you put it. Enough batteries to keep it 
Great end tables. I bought two of these end tables. I love them. There very easy to put together which is unreal with furniture in a box . The main 
Awesome. I purchase this item for a christmas gift for my boyfriend he loves it. He would like to purchase another one but would like to have a bigger on 
Good price for this product. I loved this product as well. Simiular prices on the net were pretty high and really didnt go with the butterfly theme of my girls 
my dog loves it. The mat is super plush, very nice, wish I had one for myself. My dog loves it. Treat your friend and get one for him her 
LOVE IT!. I recently ordered this sandwich maker, as I d been missing the one I had in the UK. I am really pleased with it, it makes excellent toasted 
Great for a small apartment. I bought this because we moved into a very small place and wanted to build shelves over where the dryer would normally go using a 
Good and necessary product. Thanks, George!. I bought these special sponges, because my grill is hard to clean. I have an older model, so the surfaces aren t detachable from 
Green MIlano chair. I received my chair and it was missing a side panel. The chair was hard to put together. The chair is of quality and very comfortable  
Works Great, don t have to hire someone!. Since we heard nothing but bad things about hiring carpet cleaning services, we researched this SteamVac to replace that...our carpet had a 
Wish there were a choice of more stars. I got 2 of these and they are great. I use them as a night light, emergency light and a tent light 
Carbonation is rather good... I read some other reviews here and on other sites and it seemed that the biggest problem this product has is that the water is not 
Good Knives. I really like my Knives and the Choppers. I have not had any problems with the Knives....They are very Sharp and have a Knife for every type of 
GREAT!. I LOVE this set! As long as you apply pressure to seal the lids THEY WILL NOT COLLAPSE! as stated by another reviewer . I Have had them for 
LOVE THIS TOASTER!. If you want the retro look and a super toaster.....this is the one for you. Toasts perfectly and looks great! I ve had it about 4 months 
Very functional and a good value. I had been putting my sweaters on hangers up until I got these shelving units and I always had creases and other problems. These 
Nice but over priced!. Works well to store coffee and cut our energy usage per the coffee warmer, but we over paid on this item. Found something comparable for much 
The Best Cat Litter Available. I have two cats and this is the BEST cat litter on the market...it controls odor...easy clumping...and it goes a long way!I started the cats 
Excellent!. I have had this knife set for just over a year, and I love it! Great quality at a reasonable price! I even purchased additional steak knives. I would 
Scooba Rocks!. I liked my Roomba, but love my Scooba! Yeah, it s not perfect, but with two little kids and two big dogs, my house is never perfect. There 
Best Dishrack on the market!. Hi there!OK, this was the first time i ever spent so much on a dishrack. I have to admit that i was very skeptical but 
Incredible!!!. My chihuahua has had chronic ear problems since he was a little puppy. I m not a fan of the antibiotic ointments that vets prescribe because they contain medication 
Floor cleaning. The Bissell Flip-It saves me a lot of time cleaning floors and does a more thorough job than a mop  
Old Faithful. I can t believe how much I actually use this pot. It s great for roasts and braising. It s fantastic for boiling pasta or for deep frying 
The EX...5 Piece Knife Set with a twist!. I first saw this in a magazine at the Hair Salon I go to and it brought a smile to my face. 
Sturdy. the quality of the paint was not great but it is sturdy and does the job  
Didn t think I d like this but...... This is a nice product. I was sleeping on a magnet mat so I didn t think this would work out. Love 
Coffee tastes great every pot!. I live in an area where the water tastes good sometimes and terrible other times. When i received this pot as a gift I didn 
Great for snacks and more!. By inserting these sheets into the dehydrator trays, you can easily turn applesauce or other fruit sauces into healthful fruit roll snacks for kids and 
Exactly as described. I liked them they were as described and nice ceramic mug-like glasse  
john moore. bought this, and it is great. looks good, works good, easy to clean. i will only buy calphalon cook ware from now on. have bought several pieces of 
BEST CANISTER VACUUM. I bought this canister vacuum about 2 months ago and I absolutely love it.It is quiet and I told my husband I swear it picks up the 
Classy Sugar Bowl. This is a very nice item, I like the fact that you don t have to use a spoon to put the sugar in your cup. Very 
Great Product. I check out all the local stores for a glass-lined Carafe, but could find none. This is a great product. Keeps coffee hot especially when primed with hot 
Pleasantly surprised. I ve gone through a lot of humidifiers as I get unhappy with their output and performance. I ve been very satisfied with this unit from Vornado. It 
The Cover DOES Zip Off. A previous reviewer stated there is no zipper so you cannot take the cover off. The statement is INCORRECT.We have EIGHT dogs and 4 various 
A wonderful glass for sake drinking. I learned about this product from John Gauntner s Sake newsletter. This ia a wonderful set of glasses for nihonshu. This glass was designed 
Good little machine. I ve had my Baby Gaggia for only a week now, and so I cannot comment on the longevity of the plastic housing buttons. It s true 
Aesthetically Pleasing. Love the look they give my bathroom! Very shiny, and easy to hang the shower curtain from  
great. I recieved the platter in a timely manner. It was packaged well and in perfect condition. I purchase it for a gift. I was very happy with it  
Bacon Press. This is a great product, which I use every time that I prepare bacon! After it has been seasoned, according to product instructions, all you do is towel 
Great quality and style!. Very nice product and high quality stainless steel. Made to last  
No Problems!. I got this to replace my bulky turner that I got from the Dollar Store for 1.00. For an extra 3 or so I got this lovely turner 
Great machine. Nice machine for doing quick clean-ups, stairs and car. A bit heavy but great suction. Not thrilled with the method in which the hose for accessories is hooked 
Great Product Overall. I ve been using this product for several months and find it to be much better than drying wine glasses on a dishrack or on a dish 
Brilliant space saver, particularly for high cabinets. My spice collection is extensive and with very high kitchen cabinets, I would either have to commit myself to using a step stool 
the glass that started it all for me. It s a bit of a long story, maybe more than you want to know, but it might help you make what 
Nice product. I was surprised by the quick delivery. I opened the box to check the bowls. Everything was intact and I was happy to give them to my cousin 
Great cage for our parakeets. I purchased 2 of these cages and my first comment is that the picture of the cage is just what you are getting. It is 
Best I ve ever owned! 3-4 pots a day and fast!. Because of my 2 pot a day coffee habit and how much coffee we drink as a family, i 
Coeur a la Creme. I ordered this to make a Coeur a la Creme for Valentine s day. Although it s inexpensive, it is a good quality, very thick dish, 
Using it right now... As a computer addict, I tend to sit on the couch, watch TV and have my laptop on my lap for hours at a time. The 
Great for pet hair. I ve had my older model, not the three-speed model with the handheld, for a couple of years and it s great for a quick pick 
It s a BLUE RIBBON Popper!!!. My wife and I purchased our West Bend Stir Crazy 8-Quart Popper from Amazon in February 2007. Before that, we endured that microwave c 
Great product!. Great product - very efficient and useful. Not sure why anyone would have a problem with this product. Maybe its just too darn complicated for some people to 
PERFECT~!!!!. I just got mine today, loved it, bought 5 more in different sized. What I loved about was the sense of freshness and cleanness in the fact this covers 
Great for the price. We have worn out three other espresso machines. This one seems to hold up to our household s daily demand 12 cups per day . It 
Make poached egg sandwiches instead of butter drenched fried egg sandwiches, your heart will thank you!. I bought one of these in August of this year. I used it daily 
Giant Wine Glasses. These were a gift, and my sister found them a bit too large for her purposes. Otherwise, they re quite marvellous  
BEST TOY EVER. This was the best toy that we could have bought. We have a Jack Russel who loves this toy. The only down side is that the cube 
Worth every cent!. If you re an All Clad chef, you know the quality. Accept no substitute for a splatter screen. I was tired of wiping up grease splatters all 
Calphalon Contemporary Nonstick 12-Inch Covered Omelet Pan. Since we own a few other Calphalon cookware products, and arevery satisfied with them, it was an easy choice to selectCalphalon to replace 
decent kettle for the price. I purchased this kettle after shopping around locally and finding the selection here lacking. It was difficult to find one that was all white most 
extremely easy to use. I was very pleased with the product due to it s ease of installation - just stick it up with the self adhesive tape or use 
LOVE IT!!!. I have had this machine for 6 months now and love it!! I love that it uses regular ice cubes so I don t have to freeze special 
Tank Topper. The product is as it appears and is terrific. It is much easier to clean this cage compared to the plastic cages made of wire and plastic tubes 
Cool product!. These days, it s hard finding a simple toaster oven. Most of them are huge, have convection capability and complicated digital displays, etc. Not the Sanyo Toasty. I 
No problem. If you have a mattress with deep corners, not a problem, covers the pillow tops with ease and the material is extremely comfortable  
can opener review. It is a very slick can opener and works beautifully. It took a few minutes to install but wasn t dificult  
Great cookware. We have been using this product for a couple months now and will never go back to other brands of cookware. Without a doubt it cooks more evenly, 
Dunno if it s microwaveable, but I microwaved it anyway. I picked up one of these from a trash pile in college American college students tend to throw away a 
Corelle Livingware. My wife loves the product.Good value.Packageing was inadequate and some pieces arrived broken  
Love it!. I love that I can cook with it on the stove first and then it turns right into a crockpot. Less to clean up  
Makes Great Candy & Chocolate Covered Strawberries!. On a Travel show, Samantha Brown told a group of people in Switzerland that in the US we have a custom: we receive 
Mommy is Happy!. Most reviews explained the convenience of the LG for a couple but said it probably wouldn t be good for a family. I guess it depends how 
Beautiful Dinnerware!. I have just opened the three sets and they are beautiful. They arrived in perfect condition and I cannot believe how fast the delivery was. A perfect addition 
Exactly what we hoped for. Slightly smaller surface area then our old griddle, but the best we found in the group. Easy to clean dishwasher safe! and works like designed. 
Excellent product; Better than Circulon classic. Better than Circulon classic. Love the non-stick and the bigger size. My old one is a Circulon classic and the non-stick worn out after 
Awesome!. I got these for Christmas and after using for the first time, I think they are great! The muffins came out easily and they cleaned up easily as well. 
Just what we had been looking for!. My fiancee and I moved in together, but we had different ideas when it came to sleeping. She liked to use comforter and 
Handle with Care!!. Extreme caution advised! These really are RAZOR sharp. I sell knives at Williams-Sonoma and I have cut myself on the Bunmei twice already. I take my job 
Good quality. Very good garbage can. Easy to put together. Less than 2 minutes. When closed the top is well sealed, so smells do not leak out. The only thing 
A nice waffle sticks maker. I ordered this remamufactured waffle sticks maker a week ago and got it today with free shipping, took 8 days . It came with original 
Perfect storage for that giant bag of rice. This is the way to go for all your rice  
LOUD BUT WORTH IT. I see all the reviews agree - IT IS LOUD - but I love it.I was able to sleep with it on HI speed - but 
Love these plates!!!. I searched for a long time for plates to replace our every day china after 12 years we were down a bunch of pieces, and I didn 
Knife sharpening. My wife used to complain about her dull knives. I would sharpen them and a few days later she would complain again. Now she can touch them up 
They got it right!. Solid, firm, well made, works great, looks great. It should hold up for several decades of use. Well worth the price  
They really do work!!. These hooks are incredible!! I have used them throughout my home to hang heavy art work and mirrors, and the best part is that I can 
A pretty good canister. I love Fiestaware and these canisters go perfectly in my kitchen. I like that they are large enough to get a decent amount of flour and 
Excellent value. Excellent value for product. Cheaper than buying in stores.almost half price even when factoring in shipping cost!!! EXACT SAME PRODUCT SOLD IN STORE  
Great Storage. I bght these as I have a lot of junk in my wardrobe and needed to store them more neatly.... since I have moved out of my parents 
Does It All and Does It Well. Love this product!! Got it after a powersurge in our area blew out my kitchen, I was left with a only a gas 
Partners against slime...... I love these towels with Microban. My husband and I bought a set. We were especially curious about the statement that Microban fights against mildew, etc. And, 
It s as beautiful as it is functional. I am not a coffe drinker myself but I make cofee, espresso and cappacino for my wife. The machine is easy to 
WOW!. This is the first time I have ever cut an onion and not had any tears! I will be telling everyone I know about these  
Good buy. I used this form several times and it never failed. Easy to handle, non-stick surface works great. The only thing I dislike is result of silicone properties - 
Very Nice. With the discount and free shipping of 29.99 of this 5 piece place setting, I got one whole set of the China which are very good in quality 
It s a no brainer. Pour in the water, add the coffee, and heat it up. It s simple and GOOD! Add some hot milk and you have a latte 
Compact MW. If you need a MW can fit IN your top hang cabinet, which 14 deep, this pocket size MW is the best one. Ideal for a small family, 
Great for eyeglasses. My wife cleans her eyeglasses daily with this cleaner and loves it  
Love the iSi Line. We love the iSi line of silicone kitchen gear. Just wish it came in more colors  
Close to Perfect Bookcase. I love this bookcase. My only problem with it is that the bottom right side slat of wood arrived split a bit , but it still 
Cats Love It... It only took one day for my cats to fall in love with this. It does make some funny sounds at times, but no leaking, and it 
Great space saver shoe tree. Weighted bottom is great. This shoe tree could stand to be a little taller with more space between the shoe holders. It is a little 
Helped my cat with bladder stones!. This is a fabulous product! I ve had it for about a month and it s been working great so far! I haven t 
Furi Rachael Ray Diamond Fingers Knife Sharpener. Works well to sharpen knives and is a simple process. Plastic case is cheesy cheap and should be made sturdier. Price should be 
Great fan!. I was so pleased with this fan! It has superb quality and provides strong cooling. No better way to beat the heat--Holmes has lived up to my expectation 
Great cage for our parakeets. I purchased 2 of these cages and my first comment is that the picture of the cage is just what you are getting. It is 
This thing rocks. It makes the cleanest and purest coffee I have ever tasted. I also use a Moka pot, A french press, and a drip and only the press 
Easy to install - water taste good. Very easy to install. We didn t have to buy any extra thing. We have used it for almost 1 year and we 
THE VERY BEST SPATULA. The Le Creuset Spatulas are the very best I have ever used. They will withstand extreme temperatures and with the handle removeable it saves the wood 
It s a dish drainer, and it drains dishes. ...What else do you need? Nice quality, attractive -- I have had this for several months now and no sign of 
Excellent lights. The price is good and the lights work great. I own numerous lights. They are also pretty sturdy my one year old daughter spent time knocking one around 
WISH I COULD GIVE IT MORE STARS!. AFTER USING THE TYPICAL DEPARTMENT STORE BLENDERS ALL MY LIFE, USING THIS BLENDER IS A REAL TREAT. I USE IT MOSTLY FOR BEVERAGES 
Very comfortable. I love my curiosity Mogu pillow, its very comfortable to sleep with and it is very cute. A must buy for anyone who ever likes Mogu in the 
Beautiful Dinnerware!. I have just opened the three sets and they are beautiful. They arrived in perfect condition and I cannot believe how fast the delivery was. A perfect addition 
Very good knife.. 4.5 stars. This is the knife I use everyday in the kitchen. Blade is the perfect size for pretty much doing everything and remains sharp for while, 
Eureka Mighty Mite review. Pros:1. Strong vacuum power. Excellent for my hardwood floor.2. Good value - cost vs. performance.3. Portable - fairly light.Cons:1. Vacuum bags are not popular, had to 
LOVE THIS TOASTER!. I ordered and recieved this toaster when I expected to. I love it! Its very cute and I love that every piece of toast comes out with 
Happy Trails 30-Pound Capacity Pet Stroller. I have 2 small poodles, and they love riding in the stroller. My dogs total 9 pounds, so they have plenty of room in 
Nothing wrong with it. It is good looking, functional, and not too expensive. A good all around piece for bath or kitchen.The 10 list price is over priced  
I love this product. The Richell 94134 One-Touch Pet Gate 150 is awesome. I m so glad I paid the extra money. The gate is actually wood and metal. It 
Waring Hotdog Griller. The Waring hotdog griller is awesome!!! I have used it repeatedley since recieving it and will continue to do so many years to come. It cooks hotdogs 
Great Price....Classy Pattern. LOVE this china setting. A BARGAIN in comparison to other brands that could just as easily break or chip!!!!P.S. Hand wash to maintain the integrity of the 
Excellent Value. My wife had wanted a Mickey Waffle Iron for 13 years. I was too cheap to pay the 50- 60 that Disney was wanting for them. I found 
a happy customer. I am very happy with the purchase. It was delivered promptly. We like it. It is simple and easy to use. No chemicals needed  
very effective filter system. The best I ever seen and very powerful indeed, my tank keeps clean for more than a mont  
How Can Something So LITTLE Work So Well?. Simply put? I don t know HOW I used garlic before getting the E-Z-Roll Peeler. It s extremely simple in design, easily 
twenty-five years of hard use. Twenty-five years of hard use, and eight children later, my Lecrueset cookware is still in excellent condition. Now, I am adding some of those special 
well made products. I tried several toasters before finding this one. All four people in our family like our toast, waffles and bagels toasted differently and this DeLonghi is making 
Great design and exceptional quality. I have been looking for a good non-stick skillet. I ve used non-stick skillets from All-Clad and Calphalon but they all had one problem: peeling 
Swing away -Best can opener. I have tried several different brands of can openers. Swing away is consistently the best. When my last swingaway broke after 8 years use, I 
holds up great!. Man, I have washed this duvet cover several times, and it is holding up quite well! The whole reason I got this was to easily wash the 
Absolutely Awesome. I actually ordered these knives for my husband as a gift but found I love them just as much as he does. They were on the pricy side 
Awsome Gadget. This is an excellent product. I bough this as a gift for a very good friend. She needs white noise to help her fqall asleep. This device works 
Spice rack that rules. This rack holds the heck out of a bunch of spices.  
The cookware I ve always wanted. Over the years, my wife and I have tried all sorts of cookware. We have a good set of Calphalon stainless-steel cookware, but we 
Wireless Vacuum. I live in a motor home and conventional vacuum cleaners are large and require storage. This vacuum is wireless, hangs on the wall in its charger and is 
A MUST HAVE in our house. We have six ferrets and wanted some way of cleaning out the litter box we have to clean it completely out twice daily due 
Excellent product. Excellent spatual. Durable. Does a great job of getting everything out of the mixing bowl  
Riedel Wine Glass Travel Case. Smart looking case that properly holds and protects your fine stemware. Can hold 4 Vinum Bordeaux--great for a night out at your favorite BYOB  
Simple and Perfect!. This Rice Cooker has a non-stick bowl, which makes clean-up a cinch! The indicator light is red when cooking and green when warming. It cooks the rice 
Stop searching for a good toaster, bite the bullet and buy one!. I love my Dualit!Our old toaster died one Sunday morning so Monday I started searching for a new 
Fiestaware Fan!. Last holiday season, I received this Fiestaware Scarlet dinnerware set as a gift. I absolutely love these dishes. They are strong, look wonderful, and put a smile on 
Paul is still alive. Before I knew it Paul was on my doorstep. Having ruined my previous skillet by leaving on the heat with nothing in it, I needed a 
Sango Nova Brown 4 Piece Hostess Set. The product is exactly what I ordered. However, the first shipment was not properly packed and arrived broken. Replacement was prompt with no 
Does what it advertizes. Ideal for one person use. Definitely removes any odor from water. Looks quite good. Does not taste too different better than normal water but there definitely 
What a Gem!. After lots of searching both on-line and at retail stores for a HEPA air cleaner that wouldn t break my budget, I was skeptical at first when 
Nice little vacuum for the money. The low price and good reviews are what lead me to buy this vacuum. It is lightweight, does a good job on hard floors. 
First Impressions. Having used Hoover products in a commercial environment for many years I have had great service from them, providing many years of dependable and powerful operation. We were 
good cleaner. I didn t know what to get to clean my coffee maker the coffee was starting to taste really gross , but I m glad I found this 
good bargain - nice machine. I wanted a mid-range sewing machine with some flexibility, and this is the machine. I sews quickly and flawlessly, and is super easy to learn. 
This Rocky delivers a knockout!. I have had my Rocky doserless grinder for nearly nine months and I have never regretted the purchase. This is one of the premier prosumer 
Filters and humidifier are great. The filters last for 2-3 months for us. Simply add bacteriostatic treatment to the water in the tank. I get it at WalMart. It keeps 
Air Purifier. Product works well. Noticing a huge difference. Didn t come with the bonus car ionizer, but i heard that doesn t do much so I don t really 
~~~L O V E I T!!!!~~~~. I am a kitchen nut!...love to cook and bake and my kithen is filled with Kitchenaid appliances!..the only regret I have is that I 
VERY EFFECTIVE!. As one who has battled shaving issues for more than half of my life with everything from dermatologists treatments to alternative homeopathic remedies to OTC creams, I ve 
Professional cook certified, excellent... I have cooked for over ten years professionally. My 10&quot; Henckel Chef s Knife has been my best friend. I have literally used this knife so 
An excellant personal fan. This small fan has 4 speeds and I use it by my computer , it has been very hot this year, We have some big fans 
Much more than a pizza pan. Maybe because I didn t purchase this a a pizza pan, it has so many more uses. The only restriction is to heat it 
My best suitcase ever!. Wow, what can I say about the Margaritaville Frozen Concoction Maker Bag.This was the best purchase ever made,it makes my party life a whole lot eaiser. 
Sleek, Modern, and Practical. I originally ordered a Big Dot Board as a gift... but decided to keep it for myself. Now I ll need another!I m impressed with its 
Fagor Duo 10 Qt. Pressure Cooker Canner. I am so pleased with the Fagor Duo 10 Qt. Pressure Cooker Canner. It is easy to use and the instructions were easy 
Beautiful and inexpensive. I actually bought this set at LS Ayres, not Amazon, but I paid the same price and I love it!!! It is beautiful, and you would never 
Great glass. I only drink bourbon and I found the riedel glasses to enhance the enjoyment of my favorite spirit over just using a shot glass. You spend quite a 
Nice but a little light. The steak knives look just as pictures. They cut through pork chops easily. I love having some better steak knives. They are seemless which makes 
Great Microwave. This is a great microwave. Works great and it s stainless steel..  
Looks and Works Great. I was surprised as to how well this item actually worked when we opened and started using it. I purchased this as a filler gift for 
Sango Nove Brown. Easy to handleAdds to an attracted table settingUsefulDurabl  
Maybe it s just me..... .... But I m quite pleased with this little gizmo. And that is coming from a slightly different perspective;See, I m a semi-pro cook. I 
Sunny Bright. Everyday when I see this bright yellow butter dish sitting on the table I think of a sunny summer day with yellow snapdragons in the garden and hummingsbirds 
TERRIFIC!. I ordered this to make my husband happy- he loves it! Not only does it look great, it is very functional. The base is heavy enough to allow one-handed 
My 10 inch Classic Shun. Well I will start off by saying that the nice lady who sent me this Knife too Canada charged me next too nothing and sent 
A Great Beginning. This knife block is wonderful for people who are just beginning a collection of good knives. After years with only one or two good knives in the 
Excellent purchase. My wife was very pleased with the tangerine fiesta ware! She now has two sets of it and plans on purchasing more.  
Just as described! Thanks!. The items were just as described and shipped quickly. Thank you very much  
Great Little Gadget!!. I bought roomba last year and I love it!! I have laminate floors and it just made cleaning them effortless, literally, you hit power and which level 
Perfect filter!. I received this filter when I acquired a 125 gallon freshwater tank. They had two on the system.I purchased new carbon bags and rinsed the filters and sponges 
Ordering a Second!. This has been a fantastic addition to my ever-growing CD collection. I have over 800 CDs and I m buying a second cabinet exactly like the first, 
does what it is supposed to do. I am very pleased with this item. Heats very quickly and is of solid construction. The handle configuration enables easy handling and operation 
Real Classy. This Cuisinart Skillet is the top of the line as far as I m concerned, and I treat it royally. It has such a good solid feel to 
no more starbucks!. It s the best invention ever! I have one at work, one at home, and bought 3 for gifts-it will change your life  
4 Quart Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker. With the price of processed food rising, it is often best to get back to basics. The pressure cooker allows cooking both tough meats 
Warm or Toasty - Take ur Pick. Got this off of friday sale on amazon for Thirty bucks plus ten for shipping. It looks great & works just as well. 
Favorite toy. This is both of my cat s favorite toy, hands down. On top of being able to fill the pouch with fresh catnip whenever I so please, orange 
Saving the summer for winter days. We used this little item to save our vegetables from our garden. I shopped around and this was the most flexible for the best 
A Great Economical Iron. This is the best iron ever. It doesn t come w all the fancy buttons and it doesn t turn itself off, but if you drop 
Pizza Pans. Good quality pans; however, if you want a crispy bottom, you won t get it unless you take the pizza off the pan and place directly on the 
Great Deep Fryer. The Presto Fryer is a great fryer. I especially like that it has two baskets that can be used at the same time for different foods. The 
Salton Hot Spot Mug with Warmer. This is so handy. Usually I have to reheat my coffee a couple of times before I finish drinking it. I ordered 3. One 
Pasta Maker. I think this is an excellent product. Easy to use and clean. Makes large batches at a time. I thought the price was great compared to other online 
works great. I bought this for an older, finicky cat who needed to drink more. The pump is silent! without vibration to the outer casing. At the lowest setting, the 
Love cooking with my Deni. The electric pressure cooker is the way to go. Having had the non electric for many years, I find that the electric model is pretty 
the best little broom. If you want a small very light weight easy to use vacuum-broom this is it.As a vacuum it has a powered brush, push a button and 
Favorite kitchen tool. These little scissors are unbelievable...they cut a whole chicken and open plastic packages equally. This is the second pair I have owned...the only need for replacement was 
Not Just For Dessert. This cart is beautiful and easy to assemble. We used it to move a computer from one room of our apt to another, with all the 
Make my stove look great. It s so pretty and looks so nice on my stove  
nice and thin. love the Corelle, it stacks easily, and fits nice in dishwasher.I bought 3 sets, and now have everyday service for 12 for under one hundred bucks!! Love 
Excellent product!. We recieved our coat rack as requested in an extremely efficient manner. We currently use it in our hot tub area as a towel robe rack and love 
Good value!. The motor is really powerful and the option of 3 jars is very handy. Food Processor works really well. Am very happy with this purchase  
Fun soup bowls save my lunch when the phone rings. These bowls are ideal for spaghetti or soup and so many things. I like the wide lip that helps prevent 
End Table. This item was just what I wanted. It s sturdy, easy to put together and seems very durable. I really enjoy the look and the shelf on the 
Love My Tagine. I ordered this following a vacation trip to Morocco. WHY DIDN T I BUY ONE IN MOROCCO ? I was impressed with the Moroccan style of Tagine 
Exactly what I needed. This tumbler is great for kids with different taste. My kids now prepare their own smoothies  
Works perfectly!!. I bought this for my husband and he absolutely loves it. It is top quality. The way it tilts back makes it so easy to keep the meat 
essential for tea drinkers. the other reviews say it all, if you drink tea, and especially if you love the variety of teas that require distinct temperatures then you will 
A great buy!. The Reidel decantur not only looks great but is very functional. No drips  
Great for smaller cherries. I bought this cherry pitter as a Christmas gift for my parents who have several cherry trees on their property. Given that it was December in 
Really good pan. I really lilke the springform pan. The offset surface allowed me to remove my cheesecake from the pan with easem, and the dark surface aborbed more heat 
Good product. This product looks great on my counter and is effective at prolonging the life of my garlic. Amazingly, it arrived with no breaks or chips despite the fact 
Great product!!. This transactions was great. Fast shipping. My cat loves it!! Thank you  
LOVE THESE SHEETS. I had bought a set of sheets on close-out at Tuesday Mornings several years ago. My husband and I loved them but could not find any more. 
Worth every penny!. This extra reservoir has been a life saver. I only have to fill the water dish every other day. With two cats and a large dog, this 
Keeps the Teenagers Happy. I purchased this deep fryer after doing considerable research on-line. I wanted one with a good capacity and that would be reliable. It has surpassed my 
A little bit of outdoors, indoors... We ve been using toys like this for a couple of years now - they re all wonderful, and Da Bird is no exception. 
Great First Machine. I purchased this as a gift for my 12 year old for her birthday, she is a great fan of the TV design shows and wanted a 
Awesome!. Highly recommended!! It s not the greatest chair in the world, but it s pretty damn good, and for this price, you can t beat the value  
Make yourself a dang quesa-dilluh!. Napoleon Dynamite s grandma would be proud to own one of these! Works great. One little tip before you head to the grocery store... you 
Simply the Best Frying Pan I ve ever purchased!. I bought my first Revere non-stick frying pan 18 years ago. I do alot of cooking and these are just the 
Knives That Actually Cut. These are hands down the best knives I have ever used. They are balanced perfectly and feel great in your hand. Apparently, the utensils I had 
Nice but could have been Great. This food processor is really quiet just like it promised in the write ups. Nice and heavy, it can handle just about anything. The 
Canner. I needed more than one canner and this was priced just right. It s as nice as my old canner  
I love these shears!. They work great. They cut through raw chicken very easily.  
GREAT FAN!!!. This the best fan I have ever had. I can keep it set on low and it keeps me very cool. It is just GREAT  
I am very happy with it. I had a very powerful upright vacuum who did an excellent job for many years but was just a real pain for my back 
great, but non-standard batteries. I found this to be bright enough for me to read without disturbing my bedmate. It s a soft light almost seems like a natural spectrum 
Square Springform Pan Purchase. Item is of very fine quality. Just what we expected  
Picture was very helpful!. I don t think I would have bought this product without the helpful picture  
Target sells same corkscrew cheaper!. This corkscrew is easy to use and will avoid breaking the cork thanks to it s two stages. You can find the same model here 
Great glasses. Saying these glasses are too small is a lot like complaining that shot glass aren t big enough. They re highballs. Bar glasses made to hold specific styles 
Best All-Around Kitchen Knife. For price and function, you can t go wrong. I use this knife every single day to cook dinner. I also have a chef s knife 
Great !. These cutting boards are very nice. I have two and have used both for months now. They have held up very well. Still look good, work great. I 
Revere 4-Quart Steamer Insert. Very sturdy well made insert fit perfectly in my vintage RevereWare Stock Pot. I was very pleased with how quickly the item was shipped and arrived 
Really neat solution for storage. My boyfriend gave me this as a gift for Christmas. I love it! It s a really cool way to store spices. The only thing 
Love it--Money well spent. Love it love it love it! I was hesitant to spend so much money on a hot water dispenser, but I have not regretted it. It 
GREAT PRODUCT. This is a great product both for home or for a gift. It is especially great for people that have trouble with the joints in their hands. This 
I don t see what the problem is... I read a lot of reviews before I bought this and most of them weren t very good. I took a chance 
It s extremely useful. I have really messy children. At the begining i thought about renting a carpet cleaner cause my carpets became very dirty & i thought that nothing 
love my purchase... The trivots I ordered were exactly as shown. They were received promptly and in great condition. They are really nice and match my decor, so I leave 
Solid performance. This is the 4th espresso maker that my family has owned in the last 10 years and has proven a solid performer. My husband has spent many months 
GREAT TOY. I started by getting the cardboard version, which is much cheaper. I took it back because the holes are pointed and actually kept getting stuck around my kitty 
Nice Bakeware Set. I snapped up this set when it got marked down under 30 mainly because I needed ramekins and some casserole dishes with lids. I haven t actually 
love it. works good, very convenient, grounds do clog it, so you need to spread the filter to eliminate grounds from getting in the mechanis  
BonJour Latte Frother. Excellent! Bought this for my husband for Christmas and we have the best coffee because of the froth  
Great time saver. Had a previous 4 quart cooker for almost 25 years and used it a great deal. It finally got battered past hope and decided to get a 
Hot Water For My Cube. I bought this product to make hot water for tea and coffee in a french press in my cube at work. I ve only had 
Great product. I bought this HUGE pressure cooker to serve as a pressure canner for salsa and tomatoes. This is a nice piece of equipment, I say equipment because of 
I dont know why one reviewer thought you got both!!!. Clearly it states its the HUTCH. When my husband and I went into Target to find something reasonable for our 
Decent for the price. This is a decent burr grinder for the price. It is not totally consistent, but I wasn t willing to spend over 400 for a grinder 
Great little griddle. This is a great product--we used it in our motel room at Orlando, Florida to cook some of our meals. It saved us at least 150. Food 
Great utility slicer, so-so for bread. This knife s best at slicing tomatoes and other veggies. It s a bit short for cutting big peasant loaves, and the straight blade 
VEGETABLES HAVE NEVER TASTED SO GOOD!. I was married close to 5 years ago and out of ALL the wedding gifts, this one wins the prize!!! We use it at 
The best and beautiful to look at too. I researched santoku knives before I bought this one. I have a Wusthof Santoku with the dimples in the blade that is 
Doggie Door bell. Easy to use. Our dog learned how to use it reliably in a couple of days. No directions came with it, we called our trainer and asked 
Best Money I ever spent!!. This product s directions were a little hard to understand, however once you get the concept the rest is easy. We My cat and I 
dryer=death. you know how when you wash something cotton and air dry it, after that you can put it in the dryer? this theory does not apply to the mop 
Jaccard Review. While I find the Jaccard a nice tenderizer... I wish I would of bought one with about half the blades. It is a bit difficult to operate in 
Fantastic Coffee Grinder. I am very happy with this coffee grinder. First, burr mill grinders are the way to go. After using a cutter grinder for several years, and based 
Mikasa Italian Countryside 45-Piece Dinnerware Set. Purhasing this set was a good experience for me. Even though one plate was broken and the platter had a defective mark on it, 
New Item for a Few Bucks!. I was able to purchase a BRAND NEW Spode Christmas Tree serving dish that would have sold, in well known department stores, for three 
spatula. nice spatula nice for non stick extremely light and stron  
The Black Knight of Cheese Slicers. Stands up to hard cheddars, but won t hold its nose at your processed cheese or softer cheeses either pssst, that means even Velveeta, 
Nice roasting pan for the price. The pan serves it s purpose and the size is perfect for lasagnas, casserols and roast. It will get a lot of use. Clean 
Coffee and company. Love the ease of making coffee and the clean up is a snap. I have the 2 cup maker and if I have company it is a 
At first, I thought mine stopped working too... After I moved, I thought my fryer stopped working as I ve seen in these reviews but I went online and downloaded 
No Buttery slips!. This butter dish is great because of the little top knot. It s very easy to pick up the lid. Besides....it s cute  
Should have had this one ages ago. This is the best coffee warmer I have ever had. It really does keep things HOT - the 4 others are useless compared 
Great toy. So far, so good. I have a 3mo shep that so far has a blast with this thing. I saw one reviewer that said it tore apart, and 
Calphalon Knife set. I ordered this set for my wife. Her initial response was why did you spend so much money for a set of knives. They can t be 
Oster 6.1 Qt. Food Steamer. My wife and I found this steamer to have a high capasity, easy to use and easy to clean  
Must have!. I think it s a must have for jerky making. I love my Nesco dehydrator, jerky maker & the jerky spice works seasoning packets and cure mixes  
Great Product. Great product, very soft. Save my expensive mattress from my son s mishaps several time already. However, one of the stain got though, perhaps it s not 100 
works great. This egg cooker does a good job at poaching eggs and makes perfect hard boiled eggs.  
Fiestaware canister. Great Canister, so happy that I was able to find this at such a great price, and shipping was free that is alway a plus for me.  
mash. I ve been trying to mash pineapple chunks in my mug with a fork or spoon with unsatisfying results. I m not a regular mojito drinker. I bought this 
WONDERFUL MAGAZINE RACK. I LIKED IT SO MUCH I BOUGHT ANOTHER ONE FOR A GIF  
The Best Cat Toy Ever. I ve never met a cat that could resist it. This deceptively simple contraption will turn even a couch potato cat into an aerial acrobat.If 
Love it, love it, love it. This is a great vacuum cleaner. I looked and looked for a good one and took a couple back to the store before I 
Commercial Hard-Anodized 2-1 2-Quart Shallow Saucepan with Lid. Very pleased with the quality of this pan, good weight and cooks food evenly, clean up is easy too. Good product  
Eurotrash. I m a big fan of KitchenAid products, I have been for a while, and when they release something new, I like to try it out. This peeler was 
Great Product!. This toaster is a great product and I especially love how the bagel feature allows you to toast only 1 side of the bagel. Also love the retro 
My newest kitchen helper!. I love this deep fryer. Euro-Pro had different fryer s that had just the turn knob, well when I seen this one it had everything a 
No more messy spills to clean up!. After trying & returning several microwave rice cookers I decided to give this one a try because of the great price and Nordic 
Beautiful Piece. This has to be the most beautiful paper towel holder that I have ever seen  
price is good for what you get. At less than 5, you don t get much but what you get works....- Look at dimensions. 60 long. It won t fit 
Super Toaster!. I gave this to my Dad for Christmas, and it was so great I bought one for myself! We tried soft-boiled eggs and a poached egg, and both 
CHEF S CHOICE 632 FOOD SLICER. I HAVE FOUND THIS TO BE A VERY GOOD PRODUCT, AND EASY TO USE. I WOULD GIVE IT A 5 STAR RATING IF ALL 
A great pan!. A fair price for this dishwasher-safe, non-stick pan of this high quality. Even cooking with little or no oil. Very pleased  
Blender: 4 stars, food processor: 3 stars. This is a very handy appliance, but if you re considering buying it, make sure it matches your needs. Since the capacity of 
popping good. I love this thing. It is fast, easy, efficient, and a blast to use. It is surprising how easy it is, and you can impress people since very 
great buy. For the price and the convenience, this scale is exactly what I wanted. The weigh and save container makes it very easy to weigh lunch in the morning 
Gorgeous, fabulous, etc. Value and function and design meet together in these beautiful glasses. Nice and thin, the crystal is beautiful and the glasses seem well-blown. A joy to use 
Love it. Puts an end to the tiring task of hooking the shower curtain to the rod.  
Nice, light, middle-sized Chefs knife... Great knife for the price. Well-balanced, light-weight and sharp. Comfortable handle. Sturdy in spite of its stamped construction. Cook s Illustrated has given this knife 
I Started With Three Sets . . . Now, I have more than 300 pieces of Franciscan Apple dinnerware, including some highly collected pieces. Each piece of Apple china is 
Good humidifier, quiet and easy maintenance. This is a great humidifier. It works really well. Maintenance is really easy, more easy than I had even previously thought. Cleaning once a 
Great product. This is a great product. It removes the chlorine from the waterand has a noticeable good affect on the hair and skin. As thepurified water is easy on 
Good vacuum bag. This is the only bag I ve tried in my vacuum. I have not tried the s-bag classic, which is cheaper and has less filtration. This bag 
Excellent for yeast or bacterial infections. I have ten dogs and eleven cats plus I volunteer at a local rescue group, and I always keep a couple of bottles in 
Great stools. We recently purchased two sets of these stools to go in our newly remodled kitchen. We have natual maple cabintes and these stools match perfectly. They are a 
Wonderful Tool!. I bought this grapefruiter because I have a 6 year old as well as a grandmother in the nursing home who both love grapefruit. They both need help 
Nice heavy espresso machine. This espresso machine is really nice. Looks beautiful on my counter, and is heavy and seems very well built. I bought this as a gift for 
The Very Best!!. This is a fantastic canner. This 21.5qt size is perfect, fits under my average height range hood with plenty of clearance. It also allows me to process 
Juicer Joy. This is my first experience with a juicer, so I wasn t sure what to expect. It actually produces more juice than I expected. Just as the instructions 
Batali Products. This pizza peel is an excellent addition to any kitchen. It is sturdy and the handle folds under for easy storing. The price is good for this product 
Spode Collector. I collect this pattern and was very pleased with the quick delivery and the quality of these dishes  
The Best Popcorn Outside of a Good Movie Theatre. I ve been searching for good popcorn for most of my life, and I ve finally found it. Who knew that 
Excellent starter mixing kit. It s a nice assortment of basic cocktail mixing tools you ll need as a beginning home bartender, all in a neat package. It was exactly 
good. the air purifier works well. the only problem is that it takes up a lot of space. it provides great white noise for sleeping  
VORNADO HEATERS. WE HAVE A VERY SMALL HOUSE AND THESE HEATERS TAKE CARE OF OUR HEATINGNEEDS PRESENTLY. I BOUGHT ONE SEVERAL YEARS AGO AND DECIDED TO TRYTWO MORE FOR THE 
For Hot Flashes....this ROCKS!. Buy some rechargable batteries 4-AA s and you re SET! This fan has saved me time and time again at work when a hot flash hits. 
Great Bowls!. These bowls are very nice. I ordered them because the bowls I had didn t even hold an 18oz can of soup. These bowls hold a decent amount, 
it s just a great little juicer. I just bought one of these and have to say that my expectations were pretty low. This is the second manual juicer I 
Cookware for life!. I am absolutely sold on cast iron. I have 4 different size skillets plus covered casserole, fryer, dutch oven. I really enjoy using this giant one pick 
Excellent Sheets!!. I actually ordered two sets and I just LOVE these sheets. They are really soft and comfortable.  
The PERFECT 9 X 9 baking pan!. I was thrilled to find that Nordic Ware, a highly respected company in the bakeware business, had this pan available.First, it s the 
A great knife - but invest in the right sharpening tools. This is one of my most used knives in the kitchen. It s the best from cutting garlic to 
So Glad I Bought This Model!. First, I totally agree with the other reviewers raves. I was kind of spooked by so many negative reviews of similar products, so I 
Throw out that traditional can opener and get a safe edge opener. This is a wonderful high quality safe edge can opener. The plastic handle feels high quality and the 
according to COOK S ILLUSTRATED. I just wanted to be sure that potential purchasers are aware that the hallowed experts at COOK S rate this item as the very best 
Amazing at this price. Works very well. You ll probably want to pre-treat the carpet and also boil the water to get it extra hot, if the hot water out 
Excellent in all ways But One . I have been very pleased with this product to date. Even heating cooking. The pans come to temperature quickly and uses less energy 
Love this piece. We have been looking for a reasonable priced armoire for a while. This piece is very sturdy and adds so much elegance to our living room. The 
Soda Chargers. The product is functioning as desired in my soda siphon and creates good club soda  
Air Purifier. So far the air filter has exceeded my expections..The purchaing experience through Amazon was great.. Godd service...Good produc  
t-fal electric tea pot. This tea pot is great I use it daily. It heats very quickly, the water stays warm quite awhile. I wanted the smaller one, but couldn 
Finally a dripless syrup dispenser. We heat our pure maple syrup which makes it thinner than store-bought syrup. We have tried numerous syrup dispensers and they ALL leaked until we 
Cookware. Great pressure cooker, works perfecly exactly as promised. Stainless steel in the only way to go for a tough and attractive finish that really holds up.  
good and basic. Very nicely made. The pots heat evenly and quickly. Although the lid handles get quite hot, so I actually give 4.5 stars  
Naturewood products!. Absolutely lovely and country charming with the added wonderful factor of &quot;from oven microwave to table!&quot; Very pleasing  
I love my L equip!. It does everything I need it to and more! I m a raw foodist so I don t need something that will cook foods like 
Pot holder. This is a great product that is versatile and has a convenient magnet installed so that it can be readily available for use. Good quality product that I 
Great Match. Even when I bought the Fiestawere Cinnabar creamer I loved it right away, but to order the Cinnabar Covered Suger Bowl from a nother seller and have them 
Pomerantz Beaded Stainless Bread Box. This bread box is the perfect size....just what I needed  
Great knife for a great price. This is an amazing knife for the price. It fits beautifully in your hand and the weight is perfect. It is heavy with great 
Easy & Quiet, Great for Quick Pick-ups . We purchased this product at our local home building center store after having difficulty finding it at the large discount stores. We 
Cal King Sheets. It s hard to find sheets to fit my bed. So that s why I shop at this site. They flannel is soft with a great fit 
nice gift. Gave the platter as a housewarming gift. I think it will be used often  
Great product. I looked around, 100 bucks for a deep fryer is a lot of money. This one comes highly recommend even by Alton Brown in his book on kitchen 
Quick Cutting. This knife is lightweight.Don t be deceived by the size of this knife.. it was made specifically about half the thickness of the standard Wusthof blades.The thin blade 
Very nice towels. Nice size, good thickness and have remained color fast through many washings. They have not puckered or pilled.An excellent value, not the best towels I ve ever 
As Good As Adverstised. Initial setup and first use of the SSP200 are very easy and fool-proof. I was very impressed by this unit after the very first shirt was 
Reviewing Toddy Maker Replacements. I am pleased with my order in the delivery and items.  
Excellent Knife. This is an excellent all-around knife. Slices extremely well on meat and vegetables. This 4-star handle has a great feel. The pro-s handle is okay, but I do 
excellent dehumidifier for my basement not much noise. I love the dehumidifier it is so much quieter than my old one and I love that a hose can be connected 
Good, Cheap, with one small reservation. My only reservation is for safety sake, it would probably be better to get the version that is wireless, because when you fill this 
The BEST tea kettle EVER!. This kettle ROCKS! It has a HUGE capacity, doesn t look dirty because of its brushed finished, and the whistle....so cool! The handle is great, 
Nesco. Truly a versatile product. Roast, bake, steam, and slow cook. The 6 qt. is ideal for a small family. It will hold a 3 to 5 lb chicken comfortably. 
good product. good product but too heavy for me to use but otherwise it serve the purpose  
Peels like a dream!. This peeler makes short work of my dreaded chore-peeling potatoes! It peels nice and thin and quickly. It is also comfortable to hold with the rubberized 
Very Good Product. I gave these as a gift to my mother for Christmas. She could not have thanked me enough. A very good product for the price  
So easy to clean. I love this pan. I don t use any spray or shortening and the scones slide right out. It evenly browns the scones and is a 
No Problems and Works Great. I ve had my Brita Ultra Faucet Filter System for over a year now without any problems. I m very happy with this product  
Soft and Warm. This is a very cozy flannel duvet cover. The brick color was true to the picture and the fabric is high quality warm and soft. This is 
Almost, but not quite. Appears to be their regular coffeemaker except a thermal carafe is substituted for the glass one and WATCH OUT FOR THAT HOT PLATE BURNER! It s 
Love it very much. This set is really very heavy duty.I have used the round cake pans. They are non-stick even if you don t spray pam or flour it. 
A great little pitter!. A great little pitter at at great little price! Does its job quickly and well. Cleans up in seconds  
love it. My neck has not hurt again since I started sleeping on this pillow. It supports me perfectly  
Stick waffles ar a big hit. The Cuisinart DIP-8 waffle maker was purchased for my grandkids ages 1, 2, and 5. They managed to eat 24 sticks the first time 
Fabulous Product. This completely controlled any litter waste odor and made it very convenient to scoop every day!  
Fair warning on the size of this. Just to let you know in advance that this log is great but it is way larger than I expected. While that explains 
Super Towel. I was a little worried when I bought this towel for my son, because he is a very particular person, and only likes good things. Well, here s 
pizza stone. I ve not owned a pizza stone before. When I got it we fixed a pizza according to the recipe that came with the product. Everything turned out 
It s a keeper!. This shaker is definately a keeper! Solid, sleek, and bigger than many at 28-ounces, I can mix for a group instead of individually  
sun tea pitcher. I bought this product, because I broke it while on vacation. I have never used it. I guess the owner is pleased with it, because they have 
My closet clutter is at an end!. One of my New Year s Resolutions was to declutter and organize my home. I started fulfilling that resolution by cleaning out my 
Great Filter. Hi..if you are reading this and looking for a new or replacement filter, AquaClears are great. My 70 300 is extremely quiet and my aquarium is crystal clear. 
Great for the price. I found it a little hard to get the battery in and the battery compartment doesn t seem real secure to me. Also, it isn t 
Absolutely terrific vacuum. I have used this vacuum only on carpet, as I bought it for my finished basement.Suction is very powerful, it is quiet, and the dirt cup is 
Old Country Rose OVAL Open Veggie Dish. This is a perfect dish to hold your side dishes in.Holds 5 pounds of Mashed Potatoe s I know this personally Great style, 
Great knife - but only if price is no object. I agree with the previous reviewer: this is the sharpest, most well made Chinese chef s knife out there. However, 
Convenient and fast. Used this product on chiffon material. It was very easy and convenient to use and smoothed out the wrinkles very easily. It s compact size makes it 
Great. I really like this product just wish I had bought 4 or 5 when they were on sale.  
THE BEST WINE OPENER!!. My husband drinks A LOT of wine, so any wine opener really gets a workout at our house. This is the second Vacu Vin Winemaster Corkscrew 
Ended my cat&quot;s scratching problem. I WAS AT MY WIT S END. I HAD MOVED IN WITH MY DAUGHTER AND HER CAT WAS DECLAWED. MY CAT PEPPY, AGE 4 YEARS, 
JUST WHAT I WANTED. I had been looking on Ebay for this turntable but found it a lot cheaper at Amazon. Fast delivery, no hassle and JUST WHAT I WANTED 
pull through sharpners and how to use them. i do not currently own this one, though i like the magnet idea. what most people who get these and have problems 
not very dog proof. I have 2 ten month old labs. They got so excited when they received the hedgehogs, they loved the size and the noise was easy to 
Very nice, but Kin nicer looking. I have a Shun Santoku, and it is very nice -- a good, sharp cutting knive. However, I have found something even better for 
OXO Good Grips Suction Sponge Holder. I bought this when we first moved into our condo last year. It s great! I attached it to the side of the sink 
This bowl is my best friend!. This is the bowl I reach for consistently. It holds a lot without taking up lots of counter space and stores efficiently. It has 
Beautiful and Versatile. I just cooked the Sauerbraten recipe from Molly Stevens All About Braising cookbook entirely in this pan. The results were fabulous. This pan is very versatile since 
best invention since the dishwasher. This machine is the best invention since the dishwasher. It saves so many steps. No vacume or broom or mop or rags needed. I use 
Sheets. I felt the sheets and they feel soft. I have not used them yet. I liked the reviews it got so I purchased them. They do feel soft though 
Perfect Size Hand Towels. I ve have looked for a very long time for this lighter quality and good sized hand towels. So many times the bath towels are huge 
Look no further for the best coffee Maker EVER!!. I have been looking for a grind and brew coffee pot for a long time. The reviews for many of them 
Great!. I love that there is nothing to clean. The tray is non stick, so the pizza just slides right off. There are no coils and metal trays to clean 
Dream Heaven. I purchased this item for my sons twin bed. I cut it down to fit perfectly. I have purchased a memory foam topper for my own King Size 
Good Service. I received my item in a prompt manner and it was well packaged.  
Capresso. I am new to the world of grinding my own beans but am very happy with this grinder and Amazon shipping. I also have a Capresso coffee maker and 
Better than Expected!. I m a trainer who was skeptical as to whether this rather low-priced collar would be effective on a German Shepherd, but I m pleased!My dogs aren 
Brita on-tap black chrome water filter. It works as promised, I m very happy with the functionality clean water, fast, easy, little green light indicator, etc .I only gave it 
Bath Mat. It is difficult to find a bath mat in a color other than white, which gets very dingy and is hard to clean. The taupe color combats this 
Just what we ve been searching for!. We have had many kitchen garbage cans and have never been satisfied. This kitchen trash can not only looks sleek and stylish, but 
Once you could only get this gem from western state vets. Now, they even have them in the south!The Gentle Leader should not be confused with other head collars like 
Pet Gear Happy Trail 30# capacity pet stroller. I love the pet stroller. I was concerned because it has plastic wheels and I expected rubber but I have been using 
Nice Press. I gave this a a gift and she loves it! Mom said it has cut her ironing time in half. If Mom likes it, it must be good 
Best Hooks Ever. I learned to crochet on the Boye hooks and I couldn t understand why I was having trouble, then I realized it was the hooks. As soon 
So Comfortable!. I wish that I had purchased the sheet set earlier so that I could have enjoyed them all winter, they are so comfortable, even with flannel pj s 
The Ultimate Meat Cleaver. The Henckels Four Star High Carbon Stainless Steel Meat Cleaver is the ultimate meat cleaver. We like it a lot - it s heavy; the balance 
Your closet will finally be perfectly neat and everything will fit in it!. This item saves space because it folds everything to the same size. It is god s gift 
Inexpensive, but not cheap. This pot has outlasted every other piece of cookware I own. It cooks evenly and cleans easily. Although it s inexpensive, it s very well made 
Not for lightweights !!!. Wow! Hang on ! ... those magnets are powerful! Actually a great improvement over competitive items I tried and returned. One caveat .... for expensive and 
Makes loose teas a joy to use!. This tea ball makes it simple to enjoy loose teas. The stainless steel design and little hook make it a cute ornament for 
Great Cooking Item. Great Emile Henry item. I would recommend for any cook or cook to be. Super for creme brulee! Cheers..  
memory foam pillows. I don t understand the reason for the bumpy design of these pillows. I guess they re supposed to fill in the space between your neck and 
Both versions nice, but the stainless steel one is better. I bought both the blue & red cup, and also one stainless steel. When they arrived, they were not quite 
A little expensive, but great!. These are a bit expensive, but turned out to be fantastic - compact, sturdy and not too much of an eye sore. They hold quite 
PHENOMENAL PANS. I m pretty new to cooking, but these pans exceed any and all expectations....especially compared to my old non-stick and Revere aluminum pans, all of which have now 
Excellent value. What s not to like, for that price? A simple, well-made knife that keeps a sharp edge. Doesn t look as stylish as those fancy European knives, but 
Excellent organizer. This item is a great way to organize the PDAs and cellphones of your household. My only complaint - it isn t very attractive  
Great cart!!. I have this one and the taller but thinner cart, one each on each side of my stove. They look great and have lots of storage racks. These 
Excellent glass to compliment Riesling wine. I would recommend this glass to anyone looking for a casual way to enjoy the best white wine in the world - riesling!!I use 
My cats love this thing. I got it, threw it on the floor as the cavern tent style and all 4 cats went crazy exploring it, and chasing each other 
gotta love coffee. practice makes perfect. At first it was hard to get to the right point of being what I would call good at using the Mukka. But once 
Good Product. I find this product very useful. It cleaned my laminate floors beautifully. I also like that you can store the fluid in the clean tank for the next 
An Essential for Family of Four or More. This is a big saucepan! I got it for Christmas because I needed a large saucepan shape with a long handle to 
Best of the basics, buy pricey for what you get. My brother and each got one as a gift about ten years ago. I currently have both of them. While 
Salad Shooter -professional. Now I can chop or shred anything for my salads! Great product, I recommend it  
No Kitchen is Complete Without These!. I love these dishes! The proportions, color vibrance, surface wearability and chip-resistance can t be beat for the price! I suggest buying a few 
works great. love this product, excellent cheese cutter, three choices of thickness. highly recommended  
The ultimate bath pillow for me. I ordered this pillow after having tried several other expensive ones. The Pretika one that vibrates, did not work from the day I received 
Five Star Desk. I have had this desk for about a year now and feel this desk is perfect for anyone who does not have a lot of space and 
DON T BE MAD!!!!.....SORRY ?. I bought a new house and finally got enough money to buy a table. After running around to all the stores I found this same 
Great for pet owners. This is the best small size vacuum I have ever owned. It was simple to put together & ready for use in minutes-no tools required! I 
Wonderfully Plush. Oversized barely begins to cover the huge size of these fluffy and plush bath sheets. They re wonderfully decadent. You won t regret treating yourself to these when 
Excellent Lenox!. I love this pattern. I have been collecting it for years. Amazon seems to have the best price going for first runs. Also, I had no problems with 
Makes a Happy Puppy!. This kennel is great! it folds up like a brief case then effortlessly pops up into the doggie home. I bring it everywhere so my puppy 
JUST AS GOOD AS NEW. I got this for my daughter as a wedding gift and she loves it. Uses it all the time and has no problems  
I m Happy. The vase I purchased is just a little smaller than I was looking for, but it is a very pretty vas  
Well-dressed bed. These are very high quality sheets and such an incredible bargain! We are extremely satisfied  
Barbie Vacuum is great!. I bought this for my 3 year old because my niece loves hers. And, my 5 year old got the Scooby version for Christmas. It is 
SOOO FUN!. I am starting this collection for my mother. It is so adorable. I love that it can be dressed up or down  
A great everyday wine glass. We bought these glasses for my Son & Daughter-in-Law for Xmas. They have wine with dinner every night and these were perfect for them. They 
A Good Toy For A Dog Who Likes To Chew. When I got my 8 week old Golden Retriever puppy I bought him a small sized kong. He liked it 
Nice little oven. I am renovating my kitchen and needed a little oven to do basic cooking and warming up of food. This little oven works well. I ve never 
Get your lazy cats moving!!!. My cats are fat. They needed excersize. Before we got this toy, the only thing that got them moving was the sound of us in 
Works Great!. This napkin holder really does let you pull out just one napkin, even if it is down to the last few. In fact I find it lets me 
Women s After-Shave. Get rid of razor bumps and ingrown hairs with this revolutionary after-shave for women. It smoothes and calms skin just irritated by the razor  
exactly what I hoped it would be. This three Shelf Natural Canvas Hanging Sweater Organizer was exactly what I hoped it would be.  
These are great. I use these Ramekins for many different things. The are a great size. I also love the color  
Hutch review. This was exactly waht I wanted as far as design. The only problem I see is that you have no way of attaching it to the desk. My 
best nonstick skillet on the market. I ve been a devoted cook for the past thirty years and I can truthfully say that this is the best nonstick skillet that 
Very nice product. This table top press is the next best thing to having clothes pressed at the dry cleaners. If your a person that wears a uniform, then dry 
Super Great!. This bowl is very durable and I love the different colors that it comes in. The bowl is dish washer and microwave safe and my kids have banged 
Great presuure cooker. The pressure cooker works really well. The most notable advantages are very quite and big internal space. As suggested by other reviewers, the thermal fuse is a 
Excellent Product and Transaction. The KitchenAid KFPW760 is exactly as advertised. It has three nested work bowls. The inner, smallest one takes a special blade a smaller version of the 
Surprisingly Good. My roommate has one of these pizza cutters, and when I first saw it I was skeptical. It doesn t have a metal blade, only a beveled wooden 
exellent product, exellent company. the product is great, though i haven t used it to vacuum anything extraordinary, so really i can t say whether its really strong or not. 
More Henckels. Since I had always loved Henckels, this new addition is a must!!!! Love it!!  
What a product!. Boyfriend loves it. I love the peach cobler he made in it! I had heard that this is the best brand for dutch ovens and it is 
Calphalon Black Dish Cloth. The price went down from 6.95 to 3.95.It s very nice looking,you will be pleased with it.Approximately 13 and a half inch square.I was expecting a 
deni ice crusher. It does a pretty good job on crushing the ice, tends to bounce around on the counter while performing the job  
Very bright light but limited to small books. The led is very bright and more than enough to read small books. But if you are planning to use for a 
The perfect Champagne glasses. As Riedel wineglass users we were looking for some Champagne glasses, and pleased with the Riedel quality we decided to take these ones, and the galsses 
Pyrex. A great storage container. Since it s glass you can store without worry of discoloration  
great for the nursery!!. This glider is perfect for my baby s nursery. It is affordable yet still strong and sturdy. The color is a little light, so I covered 
These are a cooks dream. I love to cook; I cook everyday and I got these for cooking and baking.Having nesting bowls that allow me to pre-measure before I cook 
Wonderful fiesta go along...... I hesitated to use these mugs when I first received them. Now I use them exclusively as our everyday mugs. They are a nice heavy weight 
Excellent Performance. I bought this 2 months back at Amazon. Its performance in cooking time, and safety is highly admirable. Compared to the one that I bought from India, it 
Works for me. I had a Sharp microwave for years that finally conked out. I wanted to replace it, and tried about 3 others before I settled on this one. 
great for protecting your floors. I have 3 mini wiredhair dachshunds, and they are litter box trained, and this product is better than the dog litter box. It s so 
Excelent Purchase. This item is wonderful. We bought this item for our trailer and have not had a chance to use it. We do have other calphalon pans that are 
Double Leash. Love it. This works great for me as I have a Boxer and a Boston Terrier which are quite different in height. The leash allows me to set 
Only narrow over-door shoe bag available. This shoe bag is THE ONLY ONE I ve found that actually fits a narrow hallway closet door. It s durable, washable, simple, and 
Great Timer!. We liked this timer so much, we bought another, so now we have red and black.This timer is quick and easy to pick up and set. We use 
Presto 01370 8-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker Canner. This is the first pressure cooker I have owned. I m using it as an autoclave so far but I plan to 
They weren t kidding!. I purchased one of these cookers after reading many glowing reviews about them. I have been using an old switch cooker for several years, and eventually 
Made me a decent cook. I ve never used a slow-cooker before, but it made me an expert after the first time. I cooked a delicious pot-roast one afternoon and 
I like it!. We had an ancient Kitchen Aid and I loved it... but always had to store it in the cupboards since it was so big and clunky. Our 
Great deal!. I purchased this set after doing some online researching. Good Housekeeping considers this one of their favorite cookware sets. I paid 80 and I cannot tell you how 
Great Speaker, really impressed!. I was very skeptical about this when i got it as a gift, read some negative reviews on other sites and didnt expect much. Wow was 
Excellent for hardwood floors. This is gentle on my wood floors.It comes with a power head for carpets but I don t speak to that. The hardwood floor attachment is 
Great purchase for everyday drinking!. We have been using Riedel crystal wine glasses and still do on occasion with the handful that we have left , but I finally decided 
Nice drainer, easy to clean. I have only used plastic drainers in the past. They always end up cracking or staining. I have been using this stainless steel drainer for 
Terrific Trivet!. This trivet is one of my top favorite pieces by Pistoulet! It is a true work of art with its creative shape and raised 3D design. I was 
Beautiful, and should last a lifetime. You don t need anything fancy to drain pasta, but this colander is a beaut, and its steel construction means it ll last forever. 
Could use a finer filter. I bought the funnel to put fry oil back in its bottles after each use. It turns out the filter that comes with the funnel 
Classic Holiday China, an Heirloom Set. Like fine china from times gone by this is a wonderful set. Whether you start with a few pieces and add on every year 
Proud to own 2. We know have 2 10 inch Analon Titanium skillets. We like them all very much. We had some earlier analon skillets and they are very good, 
Not too big and not too small. Great item and easy to clean. Well made and looks good. What more can I say?  
Great Product - Shakey Business Practices. This is my third unit. Each one works great. It is very easy to install. They even provide several adapters to cover most models 
convenient but weak. Easy to use and convenient, this espresso maker can produce a drink with a crema like golden cumulostratus clouds glimmering in the sunset. The only fault I 
Wonderful product. Very helpful for a cold home. I love this - it keeps the bed toasty. I takes some time to warm up the bed. I turn it to 
Very nice towel. The Grand Patrician Bath Towel is very soft and absorbent. It s also a nice big size. Very nice towel  
Hamilton Beach Cool Kettle 40898 is great safe!. I agree with good points from other reviews!To help you make your buying decision!-FIRST, I want to share my BAD experience with 
Great Everyday Wine Glasses. Upon reading the glowing recommendations of these glasses,we promptly ordered them and now use them almost daily!Excellent for all types of wine,a nice value and a 
Good Everyday Knife Set. I really like this knife set. I have been using it for months now and the blades have stayed sharp, just as promised. They stay sharp 
AWESOME. I JUST LOVED IT, UNFORTUNATELY MY DAUGHTER DOESN T LIKE THE FOOD AT SCHOOL, SO I HAVE TO PREPARE LUNCH FOR HER EVERYDAY.NOW, I M MAKING SMOOTHIES, TUNA SALADS, 
Excellent. I ordered these as a gift and love them. There are 6 different patterns and you can use them as a set or mix and match. They are sturdy 
Great gadget to keep the kids happy. This is a must-have for a house full of kids. It works exactly as advertised, but it does best when using the ice 
Very pretty spoons. There s not much to say about this item. They re just spoons--but very pretty, dainty espresso spoons. I ve enjoyed using them  
8 years of outdoor soccer . Well I m ready to splurge and buy a new one for my big girl. We have played our version of soccer on the 
One of the BEST investments I ve made. After owning a traditional wok for about 20yrs, it was time to try something new. The real test was stir frying dumplings 
Great quality however... My mother bought my family the coffee table in this set and two end tables. They were very easy to put together. They look great! However, the 
Great Product!. Makes Steak very tender , Melts in your Mouth . Seems to decrease cooking times also.Helps Marinades penetrate your meat for full flavor  
It Works as Well as it Looks. I recently acquired this wonderful machine through an offer by Illy, which may or may not be the best way to acquire the 
egyptian cotton blanket. very nice, warm blanket, but too big for a full size bed, way too big  
works great. We do a log of pan-grilled meat, and this screen is the best we ve ever used at keeping the splatters inside the pan. Highly recommende  
Does the job. A couple of changes would make this a great product. His paws can get in under the chute to get additional morsels. In addition, the top can 
A must have!. These are easy to use, they do not make a mess, and offer vibrant colors. They do not taint what you are decorting as some colors can. 
Great product, easy to use and my cats love it!. No more fur, dust, cat food in the water bowl. I only have to fill it every few days and 
norelco replacement battery. The company that took my order did a nice job of delivering my battery. They sent an acknowledgement that confused me since I had a discount on 
Great little coffee maker. I have used it for 2 months, it is great to make a small pot of coffee rather than use the 10 cup. I recomend it 
Concorde Chair. This is a wonderful chair. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it will not be able to stay as wonderful as it is now. It 
Global 4 1 2 knife. This is best knife I have ever owned. Ultra sharp edge is easily maintained like new or better  
Good quality at a great price. I had looked at several different air purifiers, both in store and online, before finally choosing this one. I must say I am very 
Luv the light. I have now bought a few of these lights. I have put them in the shed s, closet s, anyplace you need some light. the batteries last 
Sunflower Minidisk Pitcher. It is adorable. We had a large picture just like this when I was a child so this is a special reminder of it. The minidisk pitcher 
Handy Little Waffle Maker. I had to replace a heart waffle maker as my grand kids love Nana s heart waffles and I had taken it to the beach and 
Very nice. Okay, these are nice. Very classy, very tasteful. If you re questioning the quality, they meet the test. If you re debating spending 20 for a set that 
A great pitcher!. This pitcher is a nice size and the only complaint that I have is that Mikasa did not include a glass stirrer with it. It is not 
Pinzon 500 review. Really comfortable sheets. Looks like they could be high quality and long lasting. Smooth and soft. Delivery was good. Value was O.K. at 59  
Great for books too!. Undu is a very good product for taking price stickers off of books, video games, etc.! I use it very often and have had nothing but 
Love it. When I ordered it I was not sure about the color but it fits my room colors well.  
Easy to use for a beginning cooker!. I m not the one to cook a lot but I ve been making a lot of breakfast foods lately. Then I found 
Soft and thick. These sheets are an exceptional value. They are very thick and extremely soft. The color was even nicer than pictured  
Great pot-Great bargain!!. I was a little skeptical when I ordered this pot. The price was so great in comparison with the All Clad price tags I ve encountered over 
Garlic Express Review. My fiancee loves garlic - and now enjoys his roasted garlic in a half hour instead of 2 hours! He loves his garlic roaste  
Exactly what you need to make your Dust Buster work again. This is the exact replacement air filter and bracket for the older Dust Buster models check listing to make 
Beautiful. I use my pedestal bowl as storage for my onions and garlic. I leave it out on the counter because it is so beautiful. I love the sunflower color! 
My Review... Upclose, this collar looks just like one of those friendship bracelets you used to wear as a child. There s nothing wrong with that.... It adjusts to whatever 
Upgrading the litter box. this stuff is more convenient than Littermaid Mega automatic boxes.More costly but I have two cats and it really saves litter sweeping time. I am very 
Fabulous!. I bought this for Mother s Day for my Mother and Mother in law and they both have said that they are still going strong. I was a little 
GREAT VALUE AND VERSATILITY. I GOT THIS OTTOMAN IN RUST AND BLACK TO GO WITH MY RUST AND BLACK CHAIR, SAME MAKER AND MODEL, AND IT IS FANTASTIC. I FEEL 
Hot pot!. While I am more than happy with the pot itself heavy cast-iron, nice big handles, purty color , I don t think it s too much to ask 
Work well so far. Purchased at PetSmart Seems to work well Very quiet when operating properly Took our cats a little over a week to get used to it The 
Good hangers. These hangers were exactly what I was looking for at a great price! They re the first hangers I ve purchased in a long time that don t 
Diamonds are forever and cost more than Teflon. My wife now prefers diamonds in her cookware instead of Teflon. After years of eating out of Teflon cookware and ingesting how 
Great for espresso. These little glasses are great for espresso. The shot stays hot due to the insulating air between the two layers of glass. Very neat design  
Excellent Cat Food and Tastes Good. My cat asked me to submit the following review: Hi, my name is Obadiah, and I am N Lim s cat. He has been 
Bark Free Works, but not 100 . We bought one of these almost three years ago and it has helped us tremendously. I confronted our neighbor about three years ago 
DC14 Low Reach. I bought this vacuum two years ago due to having two long-haired pets, not to mention my own shedding. It s been WONDERFUL. Absolutely wonderful. As much 
Very comfortable. I love my curiosity Mogu pillow, its very comfortable to sleep with and it is very cute. A must buy for anyone who ever likes Mogu in the 
Great, but... I needed a saucepan to cook oatmeal in that would let go on the bits that stick to the bottom. Sounds silly, but I love oatmeal and hate 
7 Clip on Fan. Exactly what I wanted. Arrived fast. Easy process from order to use  
cool gift for my groomsmen.... this was a fun gift for my groomsment. the product works great and I got a great deal on it. thanks  
Great desktop heater. This is a great little heater for what it is intended for. We try to minimize our global footprint and conserve energy by heating localized areas not 
Great griddle!. I have never written a review for anything before but just had to for this great griddle. Everytime I get it out I comment to my husband how 
The best hand crank ice cream freezer out there. This ice cream freezer makes the best homemade ice cream. I made the exact same recipe that I make in my 
best buy. I looked at lots of machines because I wanted quality but didn t feel like paying for balls and whistles. This coffee maker does what it is supposed 
The perfect fan. I m one of those folks who can only sleep with white noise in the background. I used to use big Lasko box fans, but the cheap 
Great To Use Item. I gave this as a gift to my daughter-in-law. Then I decided to purchase one for myself. I have never thought about wanting or needing an 
Sleek design. I like the stainless steel look of the microwave, a little larger than your typical dorm microwaves so make sure you have room for it and a stable 
Ultimate use. Let s face it, you make an effort to have your home clean and coordinated. Nice furniture and practical book shelves. But you do not live alone; there 
Rice Cooker works. Panasonic rice cooker does what it is supposed to: cooks rice and keeps it warm. I find that using the water line in the bowl tends to 
Great knife tray!. I really like this Henckels knife tray. The design is perfect and it holds all of my knives & steak knives in one drawer. It s so 
Perfect for french onion soup!. I only bought 2 and now wish I d purchased 8. They are heavy and appear very durable. The lid is fairly thick and has 
INDISPENSABLE. I own a laptop running Intel Pentium 4 - M at 2.20GHz with 1 gig of memory and 200 gig drive and after trying other products--- THERE IS NO 
Ibis White Cordless Water Kettle. I bought this kettle based on its description. I am pleased to say it works just as it was described. The Ibis Kettle boils water 
Very Happy. I like my new glasses. Thank you all for replacing the set that I received that were broken  
High quality knives. You never know just how much a good set of knives will make cooking easier until you try them. These knives were shipped very sharp and have 
fun but fragile. This is a great way to cut back on Starbucks trips. But the blade at the end of the wand was very loose after a few uses. 
My cats would not leave this alone when it was new. When this toy first came home the cats loved it. My husband and I would swing it by its 
Sheet set. The best buy I have ever found on 1000 count sheets! They are excellent quality  
bbq king. easy to use and food comes out great while you are out working or having fun. easy to clean  
Perfect for serving brunch. I purchased the turquoise and sunflower a while back and just recently ordered the cobalt and cinnabar. I loved this carafe especially when serving weekend brunches--even 
Great for picking up animal hair. I just used by new broom vac today for the first time. The first thing I noticed is how lightweight it is. I suffer 
good quality product. This sheet set is nice. Deep pockets make it easy to get onto the thicker mattress and being fully reversible was a plus. Quality is excellent  
Does the job very well, but is feature-poor for price. I recently reviewed the Gaggia espresso maker I bought when I got this grinder, and mentioned the grinder in that 
Brother ES2000 77 Stich..Easy for the novice. I am a total novice with sewing. This machine is so easy to use it is amazing. Fool proof...  
Guiness Bottle Opener Review. Exactly as advertised. The item was promptly shipped and arrived in excellent condition.  
great for wool rugs, upholstery. This is the tool for those surfaces that seem to suck in pet hair and refuse to let it go. It s not a quick 
Great Product. I had gotten this product as a birthday gift for my best friend. I asked her how did she like the sheets, she said that she loved the 
Great Rival Fountain. I bought this item for my daughter quince. I was a great buy! The motor is quite, and the light is great. However, it does splash a 
The Best Mop Ever. This mop does an excellent job, just with plain water. I think it is easier two have two that you can rinse at a time, so 
best pillows. We used to have 6 or more pillows on the bed to sleep. Now we have 2. They are so comfortable  
happy customer. I own a Hoover Savvy that is going into the shop for the third time in the eight months I have owned it. I bought this little Eureka 
Good but.... This is a good strainer but the piece that comes off the side opposite the handle makes it hard to skim things like fat out of a except 
I love this fan!. I am confused by the other reviews. The fan makes some noise when on, but is not noticably loud by any means. It is small in 
Great PaperTowel Holder. Very solidly built paper towel holder and nice looking. I actually hung mine vertically they don t make a point of mentioning that s an option and 
NordicWare Microwave Microwave Popcorn. Item was what I wanted. Arrived in good order  
Quickly roast garlic for a restaurant quality snack. I bought one from the Sharper Image store for 35 and it was well worth the . The roasted garlic is just 
helps with certain bladder problems as well. My cat did not have an actual UTI, but she did have blood in her urine. I give her a capsule every other 
migrator plush wild bird dog toy. My Granddoggie loves this toy so much...it is her favorite!She especially loves the wild sound it makes  
Not too bad for the price!. I ve had these sheets for 2 months now. I LOVED them when we first got them. They are very thick sheets. They are 
cold water coffee brewer. My wife can now enjoy coffee again, no upset stomach!Simple to use and clean  
great Saucier. The is a great pot. Handle stays cool, heat is even. as good as Allclad I have them both and looks as good. This is a pot that 
A very good compromise. This item is a very good compromise for obtaining a soft serve ice cream machine for use in the home without the monster size and expense 
Best Power Filters in the Market. The Aquaclear power filters are the best in the market. These filters provide a HUGE surface area for an efficient biological treatment of the 
Great knife for smaller hands. While looking at cutlery for a wedding present a couple months ago I stumbled on Calphalon s new line. Being cheap by nature I was 
Great sweeper for it s purpose!. This sweeper is a real bargain. It makes a perfect backup for a full blown vacunm. It is a little iffy on hard wood 
weird start up but then fine. when I first plugged it in it had a problem and shut down. Something with it s saftey system I m sure. After unplugging 
Great Set. My mother in law purchased this set for my husband and I as a housewarming gift and they are just great. Easy to use, they heat up nice 
Double take. You have to look twice to notice these aren t silver. I bought them even though my daughter said she didn t like them in the picture, but 
best cake pan ever. Perfect results when baking and cleans up easier than non-stick. Doesn t darken or warp in the oven  
Best Waffle Iron Yet. I really love this simple waffle iron. Have tried other, fancier ones and never been completely satisfied. This one does one job and does it very 
A Must Have for Garlic Lovers!!. Being a collector of kitchen gadgets, I purchased this a few years ago and it disappeared among the other items in my collection. I 
HUGE recommendation!!!. This machine replaces a semiautomatic Delonghi, which, I thought, was decent. Well...after using this for 3 weeks, I can honestly say that my old machine was barely competent. 
For the right situation, it s perfect. At 950 watts and with a footprint of less than 1 sq ft, this is especially suited for a studio apartment or for 
Not pretty but very functional. The cone filter holder works well for making single cups of coffee. It s not really necessary if you do have a coffee maker, but 
Great addition to my collection of KitchenAid. Love it. Works so much better than my other brush  
My Cat Doesn t Know He Loves This Collar!. I ve gone through so many cat collars over the years. They either break, mat my cat s hair, or he 
Finally, a toaster that toasts!. I hate toasters, that is to say, I hate toasters that don t... toast. In the past, I have returned new toasters along with toasted 
Nice for the price... These are very good for the price. The handles do feel a little cheap to the touch, but work exactly as designed. Simply designed, and the 
Great!. I have two of these and we love them. I have not had any warping, slipping when cutting or chopping. I chop herbs on them and I have no 
I can t live without it. I have paid for my bottle with one little tip - use Un-Du to remove stamps from pre-stamped solicitations from people beggin for money, 
A Must Own . I have a very small kitchen, do little cooking, and own few pots and pans. But this is an incredible addition. Heats evenly and quickly cooks 
ice cream maker. Item was shipped in time for Christmas. Found ordering on line to be convenient  
Jura Capresso E8. Have owned the Jura Capresso E8 since July of 2006. Have made over 750 coffees since that day. Heavy entertaining and daily latte s bring value to 
Best replacement filter. Great price. Fast shipping. No other way to buy these  
Yes, I am writing a review on Yarn is it possible for me to buy a life on Amazon? . Ah, crocheting. Is there anything better on a snowy day 
I love my Dyson. When I first saw the commercial for the Dyson vaccuum, I thought yeah right it will get clogged and thrown away like the other one s 
Color looks right to me. I bought these before I read the review below stating that the color was off so I got a plate from my kitchen to compare 
Hot Toaster. I use my toaster a few times a day. I usually have to replace every year, because we live in a throw away society where products are not 
I bought this as a gift..... I bought this as a gift for my mom for Christmas. I don t think she has used it yet but I m sure 
Love It!. I love it! I saw this item when it was the in the store but was unable to purchase. I kept visiting target.com, finally I was able to 
Great Pan. Great pan. It s heavy enough not to burn things, easily cleans and measure on side is a help. Would not hesitate to recommend  
Beautiful, but wide. This is a truly lovely piece of glassware. I have little hands, so it s a tad big for my tiny digits. It s great for making 
Hints and tips for using this product. Although it has two prongs to do two shapes at the same time, I had problems with the cookies sticking together so I 
Even better in person. I saw these and immediately fell in love with them. I cannot wait to use them on my wedding day. Even my fiance was impressed with 
Aqua clear filters. These are by far the best filters I have ever used. I have had aquariums for approx. 23 years, and these filters are so easy to maintain. 
does what it does. i bought this pillow for my wife. she sleeps with a teddy bear and is always doing work homework in bed. she was just promoted and 
Excellent intro to a slicer. This is an excellent intro to a slicer -- a very good pre-mandoline purchase.This isn t adjustible in it s thickness, so you get what 
Love it!. I ve had this pan for over 8 months now, and I am very impressed with it. First off, it is huge and is very useful for large 
satisfaction. I have used this type of pillow for years, but have not been able to find the product for a year. My husband found the advertisement for these pillows 
BEST 20 YOU VE EVER SPENT - ESSENTIAL FOR READERS. I first bought one of these at Barnes & Noble, or maybe through Levenger about 5 years ago, lost it 
EXCELLENT PRODUCT. I have the entire set of these dishes and love them. I am always adding pieces and this platter is wonderful  
It works well. I bought this product hoping it would help eliminate the smell from 3 cat litter boxes. Even thought we change our cat litter boxes obsessively every day, 
Excellent for the Home. The last microwave I have was great but the problem was it blew up the power in my house. So I need a new microwave and 
Zen Garden. This Zen Garden was just as described, very nice and well worth the price we paid!! It s not too big but yet not so small you can 
They can send a man to the moon....... Finally, a solution to the multi-cat owner s feline odor problem. This system works exactly as advertised, no hype. It is especially 
Great Addition. This Soup Pot is an excellent addition to any cook s set of tools. Using this pot, there s no need to saute meats of veggies in one 
Perfect Pizza Every Time. This is an excellent product and I highly recommend it. We rarely ever made pizza because it was never as good as what we could order. 
A real pie guillotine!. This is the most impressive cutter I ve EVER seen, and I ve seen lots of them mostly on their way into the trash because they 
Healthier Pets. My cats started drinking a lot more water after I bought this. The intention of this product is to mimic flowing water. Cats love water movement,they are attracted 
3-in-1 Grill a Good Buy. A versatile little machine that offers many food prep options at a good price, the Elite 3-in-1 Grill is a good buy. The 3 different 
A Miraculous Product!. The scenario: my 6 month old kitten adopted from a garbage pit 4 months ago, for many unpreventable medical and physiological reasons reverted back to her feral 
Nice cookware, but... I just received this cookware about a week ago and have used it a couple of times. I bought it based on research and reviews. I must 
Tote Bag. Can t camp without it! Perfect for carrying my dutch ovens easily to the campsite. Sturdy construction and protects my cast iron from rust  
Great toy -- with a caveat, hence 4 stars. I have to give this a mixed review.My cat ABSOLUTELY LOVES THIS TOY!She wasn t much of an active cat, but 
We love this toaster!. We ve had this toaster for over a year and my family loves it. It toasts consistently. It accommodates all widths. And the digital selector is 
Absolutely Fantastic!. I should start out by saying that I am a huge fan of Fiestaware! A friend of mine had already purchased pieces in this fab Peacock, so when 
great pan for the money. I bought this pan about 3 years ago for about 30 and it has performed well. It is indeed an everyday pan and I liked 
My little Miracle. I bought this machine because I HATE to mop, I have a bad back and mopping will leave me useless for the rest of the day. I 
Good value. I waited for a while before commenting. Yes they do give off some fiber initially but not excessively. They are thirsty - one wipe and your dry. Very 
Perfect heater !!!. I bought this heater three weeks ago for my small room i was literally dying of cold and i haven t regretted it one bit. It warms 
GREAT!. Our iron test for any ice cream gadget is a very well-known brand of nonfat frozen yogurt. For some reason in the freezer it gets hard enough to make 
Great buy. It took me a while to find this decanter. I purchased it for my boyfriend for his birthday. He loves it. It is a great addition to our 
Best Kitchen appliance EVER!!. I LOVE this food processor - it is so easy to use, and I don t have to lug out my big processor to shred and 
Works everytime. I even use this on my dog stains and it works great. 9 times out of 10 there is no remarking of the area, which I found would 
We love it!. We got this corkscrew as a wedding present over two years ago, and it is one of our favorite and most used gifts. I was a bit 
Big and simple. My wife and I both dislike the curlicues that adorn a lot of silverware. We wanted something clean-looking and inexpensive, and this set is definitely it.One could 
The best 28 I ve spent in a while. I got four of these when they were on sale for 7 each. We ordered them just to have backups fro 
We Love It. We are very pleased with this vacuum. It replaced a 26 year old Hoover which finally died. The suction on this vacuum is amazing; we love it 
Ionic Pro CA200T Compact Air Purifier. It is working excellent. I have an two, one in each bedroom and a set of extra collection blades so I can have them 
A Terrific Machine for Its Price. I have had my Corner Bakery for 4 months now. On the average, I use it about once a week. So far, I have 
Great pillow. My daughter thought it was the real thing. She loves this pillow  
Great Faucet Filter System. I purchased this in lieu of a pitcher system. It is easy to install and the LED indicator for the filter is fantastic. No guessing when 
Great Scissors for all size hands. I have very large hands, my wife small hands. These scissors are comfortable for both of us---sharp----easy to cut with---well worth the mone  
garlic roller. I love this - had seen items like it and so broke down. Now I am sorry I have not had one for years and year  
The glass makes a difference. Lovely glasses, and the price is right. More importantly, the glass does make a difference in your enjoyment of the wine. And these are great 
Fiestaware. The fiestaware was in excellent condition and the delivery was prompt. Excellent seller  
Great deal but shipping is too risky... FInally I saw these sold by amazon and not a third party seller which would charge so much on shipping you could get 
Love it when products are simple, easy to use!. We are first time users, and loving this product. We just received this product from Amazon last night, and we right 
Great Product. Well, after trying about every brand of shampoo to get rid of my dandruf problem, none of them helped. So i decided to go with this product based 
Correct air cleaner model numbers listed here. The Features: and Product Discription do not list the correct Honeywell air cleaner model numbers that use this filter. Here is the Replacement 
check prices. This is a very nice knife set. Consisting of imported German steel but made in China, the forged blades are substantial, balanced and well made. The attractive block 
Good Mixer. I grew up using a KitchenAid. I ve missed it for 20 years and am glad to finally get one. It works great! The only problem is that 
Nice gift. Gave as a gift and she really liked it. So far, so good  
Good product. Good solid, nice-looking holder. Size of opening works well with the tissue boxes some covers have openings that are too small . Highly recommended  
Nice juice, easy to use, easy to clean. This is my first juicer. I love it. It came without directions, but was easy to figure out. Omega promptly responded to 
Lab Rottie Mix LOVES THIS TOY. My dog is an 85lbs, 3 year old Lab Rotweiler mix -- and this is a durable toy. She shakes and chews and just 
Nice item. The item is wonderful. The shipping of the item arrived bent and twisted. I did not want to send it back because I wanted to make coffee. The 
Perfect Jar. I love this jar! It looks great on my kitchen counter with a batch cookies in it! I am going to order a few more of these and 
Happy Chef. My wife and I received this tagine as a wedding gift several years ago, but only recently have I started cooking with it regularly. The food, without exception, 
Modern Style Black Finish Metal Eight Hook Coat Hat Rack. Good product for this pric  
Perfect Griddle. The Hamilton Beach is the perfect griddle to use on a regular basis. Even Heat, easy to clean and takes very little Space.  
The good life. This machine is wonderful! I first tried Flavia coffee a couple of years ago while waiting for my car to be serviced at the Mercedes dealership. Best 
LOVE IT. the slant of the toaster is ideal for placing this in a tight corner space... it is big, but I do love it s features.  
Miniature Donkey Approved. We tried a couple of items but this is perfect for cleaning out the stall and the barnyard. It doesn t pick up too many wood chips 
Anchor Hocking Oven Basics Baking Trio 3 Piece Value Pack. Was very pleased with the quality of these three baking dishes for thevery reasonable price I paid. The three different 
So I Bought a Bamboo Rug. I bought this rug thinking I could save my living room wall to wall carpet from spills and muddy feet. It is working. It 
Easy and Effective!. This sharpener is SO easy to use, and works really well! My knives are all as sharp as when I bought them. And the nice thing is 
super. this is the best toster oven,its looks great ,works like a charm,you will love it,buy i  
WONDERFUL. THIS IS THE BEST THING FOR YOU SOFA IF YOU HAVE DOGS CATE OR KIDS IT STAYS CLEAN LONG ENOUGH AND IS VERY WASHABLE NEVER LOST ITS COLOR OR 
Pricey, but dang good!. Other reviews go into the details of how easy this machine is to use and how awesome the shaved ice drinks are, so I won t 
Strong tool, good price. I bought this set at Petsmart for 50 for my long-haired rottweiler. Let s get one thing straight here - my rottweiler has THICK hair, about 
... ...This pan makes great popovers, but remember to preheat the oven WITH the pan inside  
5 piece canning kit. This is the first time I canned tomatoes and the 5 piece canning kit worked just fine. Didn t need the jar opener, though  
Great Scissor Assortment. These scissors are comfortable to use, solid, attractive. The sizes bundled in this set were just what I was looking for. Excellent product - great value  
Stand Broke Off. After reading the prior review, I was compelled to write. The rack looks great, works great, and does come with a full complement of spices. Unfortunately, my 
Handy kitchen item. These are thin, lightweight, flexible mats that are great for chopping things on and then picking up and folding up the edges to pour the food into 
Perfection. I ve used 10 chefs knives at my job before, but never a good one. Honestly, when I took this knife out of the box, it seemed very heavy 
strong and attractive. This blender is outstanding -- powerful and pretty. Should have been - however -- dishwasher safe  
Excellent, well-designed product. We bought the Breville TG870XL after returning a George Foreman GRP90WGR Next Grilleration grill. The Breville product is far superior.1. The Foreman grill heated unevenly--hot in the 
best countertop appliance I have!!!!. as much as i love my kitcheaid stand mixer, this food processor is wonderful!! it is quiet and i use it to make icing instead 
A pretty good canister. I love Fiestaware and these canisters go perfectly in my kitchen. I like that they are large enough to get a decent amount of flour and 
The Best Knives I VE ever used!!. I m no knife expert, but I ve never regretted purchasing this set: they re beautiful and they really do the job! To 
Sturdy, well made, easy to clean.... We built a new house and I decided NOT to move my rusty old bakeware into the brand new shiny kitchen...I bought this pan 
Love this pressure cooker!!. I have always wanted to try a pressure cooker, but was afraid - heard too many stories about unwanted explosions etc. After seeing Emeril Lagasse use 
Wonderful Pillows!!. I was kind of hesitant to buy a pillow online, not knowing what it would feel like, but I am pleasantly surprised. Ever since receiving the pillows I 
Top quality pans. Bought these on sale and am quite pleased. Totally non-stick but I have not had them long enough to comment on their durability  
Great sheets. I love my flannel sheets. They are the softest I ve ever owned and would recommend these to everyone  
One BIG Platter. This is great for entertaining. My problem is storage. It is so big that it doesn t fit in any cabinet. It is now just on top 
Super Blender. I got this to replace an Oster blender whose motor burned out. I ordered it without consulting my wife. Initially she was not happy because this one doesn 
Gift for a friend - she s thrilled. I ordered several different kinds of Spiegelau glasses and got a great deal on them overall... as they arrived shipping was weird 
Excellent transaction!. Excellent service, speedy delivery, items arrived in perfect condition  
Crystal drink glasses. These glasses are comfortable to hold and heavy enough to generate the confidence that even if they are knocked over which would probably not happen because of 
Great Purchase. Great purchase: good price, quick delivery, easy assembly, well-made. The assembly directions must have been updated since some of the previous reviews. Only, minimal complaint, is as others 
Greatly improves your existing bed... I m not going to go into details, but this is a great product. I had no complaints about my mattress, but adding this pad 
Great nonstick pan. The pan arrived on time and undamaged in the factory box. The nonstick surface is slicker than the hardened titanium one used on Scanpan, and cleans easily. 
sharp. great stone, i use this item instead of paying a proffessional to sharpen my knive  
This juicer is totally sweet and awesome. So, from what I gather, you ve pretty much got two kinds of juicers: centrifugal, and macerating; with centrifugal juicers being generally of 
Romertopf Clay Baker. I purchased the Romertopf 6 1 2 Quart Clay Baker to replace a smaller clay baker that I have had for years. Baking in clay pots is 
so far so good. I just purchased the Oster 6290 this week from a retail store in New York City. It is my first toaster oven. So far, I have 
5 stars on the vacuum but I hate the bags. My old Dirt Devil died of old age and I needed a replacement.This Eureka product does a better job of 
heater. heats up my garage enough to keep things nice and cozy ! Does a real GOOD job  
Great product, poor shipping. This is a very nice piece of furniture. Well built, good quality. It was shipped via UPS and the box was quite damaged when it arrived. 
THE CUTEST AND BEST PILLOW. This is a great gift because there fun,cute,and usefull so when you come home from a bad day at school or work there alaways there.To 
Great Product - beware the dishwasher. My dog Shi-Tzu loves this. The main purpose of this review is to warn everyone that the reservoir bottle may get damaged in the 
super sanitary, easy to clean. Found this in a kitchen store while traveling. Wish I would have bought more. Great at the bbq. Safe in dishwasher. No more loose bristles 
Cleancaf Cleaner & Descaler is excellent. This product renewed my espresso maker to new condition. The beverage tastes fresh like it did when the machine was new. And the seller 
A MUST HAVE. Recently our refrigerator broke resulting in food spoilage. We bought this item because it was the smallest thermometer availabe and it works well. a true money saver 
Perfect for small rooms. I had been looking for a small upright vacuum for my dorm room. It had to be cheap, compact, but powerful.It was incredibly easy to assemble. 
Great product - error in description. This is a fine dehyrator. It s quick and powerful. The description says the trays are 13.5 inches but that text was lifted from 
Shower curtain. After searching the net for a lavender shower curtain I found it on Amazon.com. It is exactly what I wanted, solid color, and well made. It has metal 
Very rewarding!. My husband bought this for me as an anniversary present I have been wanting one for ages ! I absolutely love it. Even though it is time intensive, 
Love It. Easy to use. Makes a great pitcher of tea... I have the green color and it looks great in the kitchen  
one of My boys bought this and.... This table is BEAUTIFUL the pic doesnt do it justice!!! its well made as well! great price too  
Paid for itself in 2 months. I have been using the Wonder Washer for several months. Before I was going to the laundry-mat every week and spending about 10 each 
Innova Cast Iron Dutch Oven 5qt . Extremely delighted with this product. Not only does it perform flawlessly, it s beautiful to look at. Combine that with the best price 
Heavy duty, non-stick and dishwasher safe. It just doesn t get any better. The price is competitive, and service via Amazon is consistently good  
The Perfect Mop. I was very dubious about the glowing reviews that this product received from other buyers, but I bought one anyway, despite what seemed to be a rather 
Makes life a little easier!. I found this product easy to use, and a wonderful way of keeping my house smelling that much fresher. While the replacement cartridges tend to 
Great Coffee Maker. This is the second one of these coffee makers that I have purchased. It makes great coffee. Is easy to clean. Timer is always on time. I 
Easy to use and works great. I hated cooking rice on the stove, so I cooked noodles instead. Now I can cook rice with one touch......I love it. Now I 
Great lamp!. I purchased this lamp about 2 weeks ago and putting it together was a cinch! I did it by myself and it took less than an hour. It 
Fantastic popover pan. I have a family reputation for making fine popovers, and I love this popover pan. The popovers come out easily, provided I have remembered to grease the 
Good for its class. I have a small home with mostly tile floors and wanted something that is quick, efficient, and doesn t take up a lot of precious storage 
Best covered butter. This is the best covered butter dish I have ever owned. It is very durable, dishwasher and microwave safe, and has a handle on the lid which 
Quick picker upper. I just love my little Eureka bagless vacuum- it s lightweight,picks up cat hair and crumbs easily. No need to drag out the big heavy one. The 
Leakage issue with carafe. There is leakage issue with the carafe. It is a bad seal on the top of the plastic of the carafe. The same situation with other 
Great Scales. Excellent for any kitchen duties, would have rather had glass for the face plate but so far the plastic works great and still looks great on my counter, 
Electric skillet review. We have had the skillet for several weeks, and have used it often. We are very pleased with the operation. My wife is the user, and she 
Shun Santoku - Will Not Regret. I have never been happier with a kitchen knife. It is sharp, weighted perfectly, and elegant to boot. If you purchase this knife, you 
Elegant. I was hesetant about ordering these after reading some of the other reviews on how fragile these glasses are. I am very pleased that I did order them. I 
Wusthof Knife Tray. Although my Wusthof set of knives came with a knife-block, I wanted the ability to keep this fine set of cutlery in a drawer instead of on 
good for the . Nice and sturdy silicon spatula. Scrapes great in any situation. Recommended  
This was a trial version!. We wanted to get us a new dinnerware, something colorful and happy, that would bring a smile to our faces everytime we use it.We agreed 
A toast to this toaster!. This toaster is the perfect mix of style and funtion. It looks great on my counter and tost s bread to perfection. I couldn t 
Heads up if your application is to block knitting . Just used the steamer for the first time and was impressed with how well it got up to temperature. It 
Cuisinart Rectangular PrepBoard. These are my favorite cutting boards. Cuisinart makes 3 cutting prep boards, round, square and rectangle. I bought them in a set all together, I use at 
This is a great little knife. It s nothing fancy...just a sharpened blade in a walnut handle. The blade, though, is sharp, well shaped and the knife is very easy 
One Weakness. Owned this unit for 8 months. I use it about 5 times a week and I think its the best kitchen gadget ever.However last month it stopped working 
Works for Me!. Just completed a 25 day cruise and used the LightWedge to avoid keeping my wife awake. She is very light aware and the LightWedge lit my books 
Best for the price. Can t beat this skillet for the price. It s a no-frills skillet that does the job well. I bought it based on my shopping around 
Works Great in an Animal House . This is our third Floormate in about 10 years. The only complaint I have about it is that the lifespan of the machine 
I love my new Fiestaware!. These are great dishes. I ve had no problems. I m collecting a place setting in each color and they look fabulous. Do try to 
High quality for low price. This grinder is good enough for a french press fa real fa real. Love the hopper. Haven t tried to clean it yet but looks 
1200 count sheet set. Beautiful sheets for about the same price of 450 count sheet sets at my local dept store  
Great humidifier. I have 2 older Holmes humidifiers that are designed almost identical to the 6012i. The problem is, the humidistat is so sensitive that they cycle on and off 
Sakura. I love the dinner set, it is simple,casual, yet elegant. Most of all I received all the pieces in perfect condition. I am happy with the choice I made. 
Sparkling, Clean, Modern. These wonderful jars are a bright, sparkling addition to my kitchen. They are see-through, so they need no labels. The very wide openings allow a cup measure 
Lifesaver!!!. We bought this bed for my [...] daughter as she is too big for a pack n play and can also climb out! . It inflates and deflates in 
phenomenal buy. I love these sheets. they are QUALITY! wash well. stains come out.heavier than 600 thread count....very comfy! will look for this brand again  
Excellent!. Had it for a month now and it s excellent! Paid 57 and it was a steal  
Terrific Slotted Turner. I have been looking for one of these slotted turners everywhere, but never thought to look on Amazon.com. I happened to be shopping on Amazon s website 
At Last!. At last, a practical way to preserve our wine. We have tried many systems and sprays. These stoppers are durable, effective and easy to use. The best we 
Stoped the driping. It looks nice, it pours nice and evenly and it did not drip. We even put it to the test trying to make it drip, not 1 
Spa Washcloth Weight. Columbia towels are especially luxurious to use and for a long time I didn t use them because they looked so lovely and new hanging in the 
Bamboo Steamer. It works very well, BUT... It smells like bamboo every time you use it. I have tried washing it with lemon juice and even left it outside in 
Good for quick cleanups. This vacuum does a pretty good job. It is lightweight and easy to use. It stays charged for quite a long time. The purpose is not 
Allton touch Free Soap Dispenser. I bought this for our children s bathroom. It is very nice. The kids love it. I have hand sanitizer in it. The dispenser would 
Beautiful, but check top openings. This is a gorgeous tank, but be aware that the top is partially enclosed an advantage overall--looks nice and prevents evaporation and fish jumping out 
Heavy duty pan. Since I have been pleased with my T-Fal pressure cooker, I purchased this pan based on the quality of craftsmanship. I like this pan for frying. Its 
Performs beautifully for most cakes and molds. I gave this as a gift and the recipient was very happy with the product. Like most Nordicware pans, it works best when 
Chef s Choice 685 International Deluxe Cordless Elec. Kettle. This is a fantastic product. It heats quickly - is convenient - turns off when there is no water or you 
A nifty little butter dish!. I like this butter dish very much. Butter is so difficult to spread when it has been in the refrigerator. I used to have to 
Henckels 13-slot in drawer knife tray. I am completely satisfied with the knife tray. All of my knives fit into the tray. It removes an unsightly knife block from the 
Excellent saucepan. When I ordered this saucepan, I didn t realize how high the quality would be. When I opened the box and first lifted the saucepan, I was immediately 
great chair. I really like this chair. Not only was the price very reasonable, but it was actually EASY to put together. I was rather apprehensive about putting it together 
Satin Sheet Set, Gold. Very pleased. They look very nice and for the price are a great buy  
Be warned... You should probably know that although this is the most exceptional peeler I ve ever used, and although it completely removes the pain from the chore of peeling 
if it sticks. if you have a problem with your pizzelle sticking just add more butter or margerine. Also if you use one teaspoon full it will be perfect. I 
Holmes Window Fan. This fan is exactly the fan I have been looking for. I m very satisfied with it.  
No-Problem Cooker. I have been using this cooker for over a year now, my recent purchase being a second and repeat purchase. It is actually a no-problem cooker and requires 
Ultimate use. Let s face it, you make an effort to have your home clean and coordinated. Nice furniture and practical book shelves. But you do not live alone; there 
great size. We use Fiestaware at almost every meal. This &quot;lunch plate&quot; size is perfect for our family s small meals. We also use them for serving desserts and other 
great shaker. this shaker works better than most as its top cover is set so that when you re done shaking all the liquid drains back into the shaker instead 
The most used cookware in my kitchen. We received this Slow cooking set for free when we bought the Calphalon tri-ply stainless steel set. It is sad to say but 
Great Sheets!. Finally a set of well made cotton sheets that wash well and stay cool to the touch - You can feel the quality. I really love these sheets 
If you French Press Coffee or Drink Tea, Buy One!. I first used one of these in my hotel room in London. It heats water fast and is easy to 
Great pot with attractive looks. I was looking to acquire an enamel cast iron pot that I could use to cook stews and soups with. I did not want to 
Good for all baking. I purchased 2 of these Perforated Pizza pans and they are perfect for baking pizza, also, I found them great for baking breads and other items 
Van Gogh Bookplates. Beautiful product. Easy to work with and adheres well to book page. The seller accurately described the product and sent it in a timely manner  
On my 4th Littermaid and still loving it!. I travel a lot with my job, so having 2 cats wasn t always easy. I could leave them a big bowl 
Simple, Clean look - keeps bread fresh. We make a bread machine loaf every weekend and this box does a great job of keeping it fresh  
Great can, works well. This can does work very well, so far the mechanism works perfectly and quietly. It has great capacity and is easy to empty with its tapered 
Spa Washcloth Weight. Columbia towels are especially luxurious to use and for a long time I didn t use them because they looked so lovely and new hanging in the 
Excellent dishware. You just can t go wrong with Fiestaware. It s sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily from table to dishwasher to cabinet . And if my rough-on-dishes family 
Great glasses. Just wanted to second the motion that these are great glasses. They are not too large someone needs to let Dave know that wine glasses are not designed 
Nice. I read several reviews about these before purchasing them. Many people had had problems with them breaking or chipping, but I ve used them about a dozen times already 
Great little heater!. Even though I live in Florida, I get so cold at the office with the air conditioner blowing down on me. This heater works great under my 
Bruan water Kettle. This product is excellent!! It heats water in less than a minute on small amounts  
Mine s in 1 piece and works great. I m with Amalfi girl. I have this pan and it works great- most importantly, the lid is heavy enough to weigh 
Amazing Product. This product works great. The holder is very sturdy and durable. The clips hold the pads tightly in place. And it gave my dogs boundaries as to where 
Roll N Clean Litter Box. I love this litter box. It is so easy to clean the box now! No scooping, it s great  
Like the Size... ...I purchased this microwave because I needed a smaller microwave to fit in a certain area of my kitchen. The down side is food takes longer to 
The good stuff. I purchased this set as a gift. I wanted the good stuff. My own set has lasted over ten years. I would give it five stars if 
Cat Deterrent. This Ultrasonic cat deterrent really does work. The batteries last a couple of weeks. A must if your nieghbor has cats  
Great Results!. I couldn t belive how much hair came out of my dog Lab , especially compared to a conventional comb. Her coat actually felt thinner. I cannot say 
Melitta One, Mango. A very interesting coffeemaker indeed. Funky but conservative colors and a rocket-shaped design lets you know this product is unique. It is not small, however, just because 
love it. As a first-time slow-cooker user, I have nothing to compare this crockpot to...but I am really enjoying using it and it s served me well. I ve made 
Great style and incredible espresso. Probably the single most important investment I have made this year! Delivers deeply satisfying espresso with rich crema every time. I have used the more 
Great supplimental heat. I have not tried to program the timer yet, but as a heater, this is one of the nicest I have had. Compact, yet it puts out 
cereal dispenser. The dispenser is very nice for storing cereal in and easy to use. It does however make a little mess when turning the cereal out of it into 
Useful little bowls. I have several of these bowls and use them frequently. They are the perfect size for snacks. I also use them frequently for food prep tasks when 
Loving my chair. this is an affordable product and looks professional for a whole lot less mone  
Best maker i ve had. This machine has all the complex features that make coffee makers cool, with the simplistic functionality that makes one button all you need to make 
Best Knife I ve Ever Used. This is, without exaggeration, the greatest knife ever made. I have some decent enough knives that I ve used before Sabatier , but this 
Just a Jug, No Tug. In my search for a toy that would occupy & challenge my 2-year-old Golden Retriever, I located the Tug-a-Jug. Like one of the other reviewers, 
Some flaws but a good deal. Well, I was a little wary purchasing this, having read all the reviews about desks being chipped, poor staining, etc. This desk is pretty 
Great insulated bottle toe. This bottle tote meets all of my needs as it is easy to carry with the handle or it can be snapped around something such as 
A Must Have ... I have both the mini & full-sized kettles, I use the mini size @ work & the full-size @ home all electric high-rise .They last a 
Cusinart Automatic Coffee Burr Mill CCM-16FR. This unit is awesome. Best looking and best working for the money. I couldn t ask for a better working item for the money. 
pleasant setting. This style flatware provides a simple elegance when entertaining, or as attractive day to day serviceware. They have a nice weight to them, balanced handling and are comfortable 
Good product!. I am potty training my son, so I needed a good waterproof mattress pad but didn t want to spend a lot of money. This fits the bill. 
THE VERY BEST SPATULA. The Le Creuset Spatulas are the very best I have ever used. They will withstand extreme temperatures and with the handle removeable it saves the wood 
Easy and attractive for first-time fishkeeper. Let me begin by saying I ve never been interested in keeping fish. Ever. Aquariums seem like a huge hassle to me. But then 
LOVE AT FIRST TOAST. I got this toaster almost 7 years ago while living alone and subsisting on bagles as a primary food group. Once my husband and I married 
For the Franciscan Apple Collector. This little Franciscan Apple Dinnerware Creamer is so beautifully made. There is a matching sugar bowl and lid, too. I do not use mine to 
Add 2 and get the whole machine. I started to purchase this replacement filter for my model 4152 air purifier but luckily decided to see what the whole machine is 
The Sharpest Knives Ever. I was introduced to the Kershaw Shun Knives in a local kitchen store, but decided to purchase a set at a better price through Amazon. These 
Great Toaster, Reliable and Consistent!. First, I have to admit that I read some of the other reviews and was shocked by what I saw. It s what made me 
Microwave Bacon Fryer. Great size because I have an older microwave with a built in turntable. I do not like the plastic cover to keep bacon splatters down as it 
Great product. I am so glad we took a chance and ordered this cat litter box. It is much easier and, to me, more sanitary than the traditional litter box. 
Got them at much cheaper price... maybe it s because it is right after christmas, but I just picked up the 2-tier one for half of the price at Target. 
YELLOW SAUCER WITH PAINTED LEAVES. THE CUP HAS A BLUE BUTTERFLY AND A LITTLE BEE. The four different petite cup and saucer sets are priced differently on Amazon. The pink 
liked it so much ordered another. I think this pen is not only nice to look at, but works well for pups,I liked it so much I went back to 
Much improvement after 40 days. My cat is 11 years old, and he was experiencing odd behavior with the rear half of his body, where it looked like he just 
powerful way to cool down. Fan works great on intake or exhaust. Quickly pulls air out of the house when on full power for exhaust. Great breeze from intake. Also 
My favorite slicer and cleaning is a breeze. I just LOVE my Kyocera Double Edge Ceramic Slicer! I got mine for Christmas and have used it constantly ever since. Everything 
Buy yourself the seasoned one if you never owned cast iron. Having bought the no name preseasoned cast iron pans vs this need to be seasoned cast iron pan, as 
cheap and cheap -- but adequate. For under ten bucks, you can t go wrong. Note that the timer only counts down, not up. Also, the magnets are in the 
Clean New Grill. This is the best way to clean a grill. I use one each time that I clean the grill. This is a must buy. It is a 
Get a grip. Excellent styling and design - and it works. That s all you can ask for in a small kitchen tool  
The Best Lidde Griddle there is!. We have really enjoyed our liddle griddle. Its convenient to cook anything. It s especially good for breakfast - pancakes, bacon & eggs. But 
GODINGER SHANNON CRYSTAL. I OWN 24 PIECES OF EACH OF THE GODINGER CRYSTAL IN WINE, GOBLET, TOM COLLINS, SHORTS, MARTINI AND CHAMPAGNE---THEY ARE BEAUTIFUL! THE SPARKLE AND SHINE OF EACH 
Not just for bananas. This banana holder makes a great headphone holder.try it it really works.Ton  
DC 14 is a no brainer. For 300 this vacuum was a no brainer. It works far better than all the others we ve had. Wife is please so I 
Really enhances your cornbread!. I just recently purchased three of these one for myself, one for a friend & one as a gift . You have to season it first, 
Amazing. I have been cooking on the Big Green Egg for about 4 years now and will recommend it to anyone trying to cook with a ceramic cooker. Anyone that 
Sets the standard for all other peppermills. This is not the only peppermill I own, but it is the only one I ll use. I hate to admit it , 
Great toaster. I like this toaster a lot. It has a substantial feel to it. It stays put when you push the lever down, and the bread toasts relatively evenly. 
Fiestaware Mugs. In an attempt to get RED coffee mugs, I ordered two cinnibar Fiestaware coffee mugs. While they are in the red family, the color has too much brown 
Love this teapot. After reading the Amazon reviews I decided to order this electric kettle. I had read where somone stated that the kettle boiled too long before the auto 
Presto 6qt Stainless. Excellent safety features. I went with the traditional gravity rocker system vs new spring-loaded type because of the old proven design. The lid closes and opens smoothly 
useful great price neat addition to your kitchen. I purchased 12 of these,used them for a chili party.They hold a good serving and dress up the table with the design,the 
Great air popper. I really like this air popper. It works just as it should and quickly pops the corn. Thanks  
I have two of these now. And I love them. In fact I also have the computer desk, hutch, an end table, file cabinet, cd rack no longer available I 
cooking made simple. makes preparing meals neater and easier, a must have in the kitche  
Great Juicer. The Champion is a strong Jucier. You can juice for as long as You need without having to clean out the pulp. Very handy for large jobs. I 
Works like a charm. This is an excellent collar training system.. PetSafe is a reliable company that takes pet care seriously. My dogs took to the collars so well, they 
Viva Fiesta!. I LOVE my Fiestaware & these bowls are a GREAT price! They are the cereal bowls that come in the 4 piece set.I think the other reviewer thought 
The BEST Cervical roll-- for me, at least. As a physical therapist who suffers from neck pain, this is the ONLY pillow that I can use without waking up to 
Itty-Bitty Lamp. I have looked over this product it is a birthday present for someone else, so I haven t actually used it and find that it meets all my 
Perfect for those who value counter space but still need a real food processor. If you spend a lot of time in the kitchen, you likely want need a food 
Beautiful touch for entertaining. It s something I would always forget about but something I needed for entertaining -- an ice bucket. I finally remembered to get one. I chose 
get this if you are single. I got mine in April 2003 - after reading review by S Jentsch that said these are a familiar occurrence at family reunions and 
Don t burn the macaroni. I purchased this pot in January, and have used it several times a week since. I love the pot for sauces and other stove top 
no more messy counters , can operate while intoxicated. coffee for lazy people....i love the noise it makes sounds like a jackhammer..and the green and red lights and orange ....i 
It does reduce odors. I ve had this for a few months now and it does work well at removing odors.It came in very handy when out neighbor was having 
Lasts forever!. I always loved the original Fiestaware that my Grandma had.I was very happy when the new line came out.I purchased my first placesettings at least 8 years ago 
recommend. Love this grill. Easy to clean and can accomodate more items. Bought this one for son and daughter-in-law. It maybe a bit large for two but they love to 
Fun to Use!. I saw these pans being used by Paula Deen to make cornbread to go with the fish she was cooking. I just had to have them and 
dragonfly desk. Fast delivery, directions for assembly slightly difficult to follow, Quality not as good as I would like. Completely functional  
Great little saucepan. I like the size and shape of this saucepan. It is big enough for something like spaghetti sauce or even mashed potatoes, but not so big is 
Very Nice. love this blender. Looks great, was going to get the kitchen aid blender read alot of bad reviews so I went with one thinking I was not going 
jokemaster. My son loves to tell jokes but he never can remember them. He loves hearing the jokes on this toy and plays them over and over. He took it 
Flour Sifter. I gave this as a Xmas gift - had been looking for a 1 cup sifter like the one I purchased for over 2 years. I was just 
good value. This is a very nice pan for 20. The non-stick surface works very well, even without cooking oil. The heavy aluminum heats up very evenly. The glass lid 
This is a great kitchen helper. Honest to goodness, this is the best 20 you ll ever spend if you like to cook. No kidding. So much easier than a 
Like a diaper genie for cats. I bought this and it does keep me from running to the outside trash twice a day. Still, my 2 cats must produce a 
Pizza Stone & Peel Set 14 x 16. Works like a charm.Great for pizza and homemade bread and biscuits  
Still The Best Set Around!. My husband and I just purchased a ceramic top stove. After finding out that we could no longer use our old, much loved, Revere copper-bottomed 
Just perfect for entertaining!. I am very pleased with this ice bucket. It is what I would call standard size and it has a very versatile style. By this I 
Great fan. This fan works great. I like the height and love the remote control. Highly recommended  
Great gift. I bought this particular zen garden for my younger sister because she enjoyed the one I had so much. I love the tools that come with it. The 
Alsome Product. This is a great product to make delectable pancakes. Yum. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that when you flip it sometimes 
Absolutely Love It, I m a beginner, it s not hard to use!. My husband bought this for me a year ago, I had never used an embroidery machine before. 
Loved it...except for the shipping. I ordered two sets of the dinnerware and upon arrival , about 4 bowls, 2 salad plates, and a dinner plates were cracked, chipped, etc. 
Replaced after 25 years. I finally had to replace my West Bend Electic Wok after 25 hard years of use. The wok still worked but the electric cord gave out. 
I LOVE IT!!!!!!. THIS COMFORTER IS FANTASTIC! It s light, so you don t feel weighted down. It s very warm, cuddly, soft and comfortable and seems to be very 
Thank you Amazon!. I couldn t find this at any of the local Bed Bath and Beyonds. They said it was discontinued. I was so happy to find it on 
EXPENSIVE BUT WORTH IT!. I ll preface this by saying that I have cooked professionally for almost 15 years. Before ordering this massive processor, I checked out almost everything comparable. 
Disappointed but liking it!. I was excited to get my toaster so soon after ordering it. When I opened it, I was disappointed that the outer shell seemed to be 
A Perfect Cup of Coffee!. After staying with friends and enjoying a morning cup of coffee from their machine, I decided to purchase my own Jura-Capresso. After a month of 
Mikey Likes it!. I like this coffee maker. It looks good and makes great coffee!I can t think of anything negative to say about it other than it s a 
Satisfaction Level. I am very satisfied with this product.It made my jam making this year much easier  
saucy little pitchers. I have two of these and use them for sauces or dressings that pour easily. Thick or chunky items don t always pour so well, but cream, 
Good Coffee. This is the second Bunn Coffee Brewer We have had, The first one lasted 10 years. I wouldn t buy any other brand  
Delivers as promised. I have a 15 year old model #110 which wasn t delivering any more. I bought the 130 and it is vastly superior. This is the top 
KitchenAid food processor. My wife loved one of her early Christmas presents! She used it to make Christmas cookies and loved it  
Kids had a great time. My daughter 12 had eight of her of girl friends over for a party, and for dessert we tried the Fondue Fountain for the first 
great! perfect size for everything. This set is so versatile. I bought these because I own the red Le Creuset cookware and they matched them. I thought that I would 
Beautiful Wine Glasses. Despite the modest price, this set of blown crystal light weight glasses is artfully elegant, in the fine tradition of Italian design, and will certainly enhance anyone 
Great little vacuum!. This lightweight vacuum does a superb job of cleaning the area rug and hardwood floors in between regular heavy duty vacuuming. It s inexpensive and very light, 
DC18 Slim - hard to push. The vacuum cleans very well as per the other reviews noted. The container does fill up after 2 rooms. Yet, the biggest drawback that 
A Fine Addition to Any Kitchen. This garlic baker is a fine addition to any kitchen. After several weeks of use, it has never failed to produce tastey, roasted garlic, 
Beautiful~. This is a very beautiful piece to complete the collection.Nice and solid. The color matches the collection  
Works great!!. I got two of these. One for me and my wife and one for my sons room.We live in NYC Queens and its two floors down to laundry 
Best fryer I ever owned. The best part of this fryer is it s ease of cleanup being that the oil is easilly drained, and the pan that holds the 
A Great Aquarium. The marineland eclipse 3 is a great aquarium. The filter system works very well. It is great for small fish, and makes a great home for a 
49erbabe. Don t hesitate to buy this light weight blanket. It is wonderfully made; the reason I m giving it a 5 rating is that it fits my California King 
everyday pan. This is the only place that I could find this pan, I looked everyplace locally that I could think of. I couldn t find it anywhere else on 
Good product!. I am potty training my son, so I needed a good waterproof mattress pad but didn t want to spend a lot of money. This fits the bill. 
Nice Queen Set. These have been great sheets, and the price was not bad either. We did not pay a lot for these but the are well worth even more 
Nice, bright colors!. I bought these to decorate some dia de los muertos skulls with icing. The Ateco food coloring gave nice bright, vibrant colors and mixed with the icing 
Great product. This is a great product and although a bit pricey, very helpful. I bought this for my wife thinking it would annoy me, but I actually enjoy it. 
Best Knife Storage Ever. We had our kitchen gutted and completely redone. I built a knife holder to use in a drawer. Now, with the Wusthof 25-slot, I have removed 
Quite shocking. The shocking pink is nice and shocking, which I guess is what you re going for if you buy this. It has a great squishy texture and the 
Reliablie and nice looking grinder... missing features?. This is a grinder that looks great, it grinds beans evenly and it even can handle a larger amount of beans than other 
Shamrock rocks!. These mugs were gorgeous... nice and big to fill up with cocoa after being out in the snow! The color is beautiful - a little darker than the 
Excellent quality. The desk was not difficult at all to put together and is very high quality for the price! I was incredibly pleased with it. It was delivered quickly 
I am confused. Is this a fast and easy way to take a pizza from freezer to perfect in minutes? The product features are not clear  
For people who have cats and litterboxes. This doesn t exempt you from cleaning the litterbox, it just shortens the duration of odor after your cat uses it. We still 
Shun is simply the best!. My wife bought these knives for me last Christmas. WOW! Out of the box, they are the sharpest knives I have ever seen. Vegetables that 
Solid replacement but no lid.... The pot itself is the same one that the coffee maker came with so I was very satisfied with that aspect. I knew prior to 
A Filter That Doesn t Get In The Way of Flavor. This filter allows more of the oils of the coffee to pass into the cup than most paper filters. 
Very useful shape, same classic design. Bowls are nice, but some foods fit better on these bread trays. Even things that aren t bread. My trays get loaded up with 
Good, to a point. First: the mats work, baked good do not stick to it if you use the lightest spray of PAM. Foods don t stick much if you 
Classy glasses at a good price. While they are a bit smaller than the martini glasses I ususally use, these martini glasses are the bargain way add a real James 
PR-D1 Review. Unit should be shipped with a little better packing. When it showed up, the one burner knob was off laying seperately in the box and that burner did 
Nice griddle that will not take up all your counter space!. I bought this for my Grandmother who cooks for two. It is small and compact enough to put in 
Wish clean up was easier. I received this for Christmas and I really like it. Does a great job making paninis. I do wish it was easier to clean. Maybe 
great buy- hand wash. My husband and I selected these knives based on the J.A. Henkels reputation and the sleek staineless style of the handles and the silvery painted knife 
Great Gift. My mom wanted a meat slicer for Christmas. She reports that this one does an excellent job and is really easy to clean. My dad jokes that she 
Sleep in comfort. Wonderful sheets. It really feels like a luxury experience. The color Brick Red is pretty provocative as well. I like these sheets  
No Problems till now. I have had this cooker almost a year now and have not had any problems with it. Rice does not stick to the cooker and is 
Best Bakeware I ve Ever Used!. I m a guy who has been cooking for over 20 years, and I have enough experience to know a great product when I 
innovative uses. i use one of mine as a ring! looks lovely, and so unique.  
great papertowel holder. We have been searching for a stainless steel papertowel holder for sometime now and we finally decided to purchase this one from Amazon.com. They truly can make 
Great product at a low price. This looks great and holds lots of winter coats right now as well as purses & bookbags! Very low price - I love it. 
Don t need Starbucks anymore... I am able to make lattes that are just as good as the ones I get at Starbucks with this. One note though - after 
Great product for the price. This sheet is great. Feels great, looks great, and feels good to the skin. Glad I bought it and the price was great  
Still working well. We bought this 9 months ago, still working well. We bought a 2nd one shortly after first one. Works well, filters cheaper than most other ones. Is 
Great little food processor!. This machine is beautiful in red, it looks great on my counter. The machine works perfectly, when I pulse it gently pulses the items slowly and 
Great gadget for the active cook. Hang this around your neck and you won t forget that next basting or turning on the grill or stove. Good loud ring, easy 
Presto 06620 11 -inch electric skillet. Perfect for breakfast and small dinners.Cleans easy ,quickly heats.Fits in small spaces.Ideal for students and RV sI use it everyday ,best buy for your 
A great starter piece or addition to your Le Creuset collection. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other products. Le Creuset casts these cooking 
Amazing!. This product is amazing! We turn it on for about 30 minutes before going to bed and turn it off when get into bed . The warmth from the 
as described. Makes a little tick tick tick noise but overall as described and nice and small. cant beat the pric  
I don t drink coffee, but I love this coffee maker!!. Personally, I prefer a mocha and can t drink a thin-bodied coffee, but my husband loves several cups of 
Nothing else will do...... I attended Tulsa Chef Fest 2002 in November and attended a Riedel conducted seminar sampling a series of wines from around the world. I was skeptical 
Everything I expected it would be. This mattress pad does precisely what I expected it would. It takes the awful chill off my frozen bed on cold winter nights and 
Great pans. I ve used my Sitram cookware for more than a year with no problems, and customer service was great the one time I contacted them. Don t let 
beautiful. This is a beautiful bookmark for anyone! Shipping was fast and packaging was excellen  
just what the chef ordered. Have been searching the web for this item for at least 1 year. Just what I wanted -vey happy.Good price to  
Very nice wine glasses!. These wine glasses are great! I ve bought Riedel wine glasses in the past and have always been very satisfied with them.  
Hey critics, as they say in the computer world, RTFM. You need the read the manual for these devices. There are lots of things you need to know: no chrome, 
Fully Functional!. We ordered 2 of these so we could store our tree pieces across a couple of bags and make storage retrieval easier. Great product  
It is a bottle opener.... Don t get all excited, it is just a bottle opener. You get what you pay for, this one is high quality, and more expensive. 
Fast service. I got the dog leash for a friend in a quick and fast manner  
Good Product. I don t have a full kitchen so I rely on these things heavily. I went through many cheaper ranges before getting this one and it has really 
Terrific. Quiet, powerful, and easy to clean, this processor is great. Excellent value as well.  
Canary Toaster - Dualit. The toaster works great, a little noiser than I expected but not a disturbance. The ticking of the timer The littlecanary looks great on the counter. 
Size does matter!. These cup are enormous! Not to mention beautiful, in that fun and elegant way that only Fiestaware can be. I was looking for a very large, oversized 
Nothing else will do.... I attended Tulsa Chef Fest 2002 in November and attended a Riedel conducted seminar sampling a series of wines from around the world. I was skeptical 
wonderful weight. First one that I have purchased and it is extremely wonderful in the weight content as well as keeping us warm without feeling smothere  
Dog Door Bell. It takes a little patience to get the dog to use it, at first she thought is was a treat machine, but eventually she realized it meant 
Nice towel. It could be a little bigger but it really is big enough. At the beginning there was a tiny bit of lint coming off but after one wash 
love this piece. I just bought this piece and tried it out. I love the size and no drip mouth..The color is beautiful and its so pretty on my buffet 
It s a pot holder. What can ya say about a pot holder? It does it s job and I easily lose it : . My fault, not theres  
20 yrs and just starting to go. I ve used my griddle for over 20 yrs for lefse, bacon, swedish pancakes and whatever else I wanted to make. Its just 
Spiegelau Vino wine glasses. After using Riedel wine glass for many years, and breaking many of them with a flick of my wrist; I decided to go with the better 
Solid Stem wear. Have used these wine glasses for many years. They are strong and fuctional well still graceful enough for a fine dinner setting  
WORKS LIKE A CHARM. THE ELECRIC KETTLE WORKS VERY WELL. I HAVE NO COMPLAIN ABOUT IT AT ALL. I RECOMMEND IT FOR ANYONE LOOKING FOR AN ELECRIC KETTLE TO BUY. 
Good home office cart!. This is great for holding the books and magazines I often need handy near the computer. It is easily pushed out of the way for cleaning 
Great addition to my kitchen. I bought the rice cooker because I just got into cooking chinese food it is an amazing product  
Slick as a whistle. Over time, we ve all tried many different types of corkscrews. Some work a whole lot better than others. And this is one that works very 
Instant conversions. This excellent kitchen tool has metric conversions right next to the US measurements, which makes it a perfect item for the international gourmet chef.Very affordable, and durable, its 
Fantastic space saver. I bought two of these racks and I love them - I had previously stored my herbs and spices on one of those tiered shelving units racks, 
Great product -- I use it more than I thought I would. I am an avid tea drinker, and I purchased this thermal pot so that I would always have 
Humidifier. It is so quiet, that you cannot hear it. It evaporated so much water on medium setting that I had to turn it to the low setting. Best humidifier 
A most valuable gadget in my kitchen. As an older person I find this product a miracle in my kitchen. In the past I often gave up on hard to 
Good pot...but heavy!!!. Okay, first of all...i love Le Creuset french ovens! I just started using them a few months ago and am now wondering why i waited so long. 
Glad to find this item on Amazon. This type of Ironing board is very hard to locate in local stores.Thanks, for carrying it, Amazon!Phil Coffma  
almost as nice. I ve been using these knives since the 80s,when they were about 20 and made in USA.they re alot cheaper and almost as good  
Automatic Sugar Dispenser. Just what I was looking for. I also ordered one for coffee creamer. Great when entertaining  
Great. My Boxers just love the little balls. They like digging them out of the container even though it did not take very long after they got the hang of 
First was a dud - second was a keeper. Don t be afraid to purchase Reconditioned. The first one came and it had little plastic pieces floating around the box. 
Holy Crap, that s a good knife. This knife has made me eat more vegetables, just because it s so much fun to chop carrots. I was a little concerned 
NOT A WET LEAF IN THE CROWD!. The Pedrini Salad Spinner really gets them dry, and it s quicker than trying to do it with towels, actually does a better 
Worth the money!. I found this product on sale at Amazon for 79 in the persimmon color. It s beautiful! It weighs a ton and so much more for the 
Excellent book light... This is certainly not the cheapest or most universal book lihgt and for travelers it might be a bit bulky and sensible to scratches, but for those 
a classic. You cannot go wrong with this. You will own this forever, it will become a staple in your kitchen. Nothing sticks to it, it goes from stove top 
Nice set, good value. We have been using it for a few months now & have had no problems washing it in the dishwasher. The design is very attractive, & 
Beautiful Set!. I was actually very hesitatant to buy this set since the last Oneida set I got Satin Garnet began to get rust spots on it after a month 
very nice addition to my backyard. Purchased these barstools for my backyard. They were very easy to put together, simple enough that even I could do it! They look great 
review re: soap dispenser. It is a great product. The long spout makes it so much easier dispensing soap without getting the soap everywhere.  
Kitty toilet flushing gets easier!. I am in the military, and don t always have the time to scoop the cat box as often as I should... this cuts down 
Simple design. I have several of these now and the kids use them for timing homework, timeouts, etc. I also have one for my kitchen, of course  
This is a great product. this is my second Panasonic and I love it. It is simple to use and does a great job  
Sango Nove Brown. Easy to handleAdds to an attracted table settingUsefulDurabl  
Purple Pleasure. Vibrant purple bathmat with very secure footing. The surface was annoyingly stiff at first, but mellowed out after about a week. And so beautiful! Maybe a trifle small 
The ultimate Espresso Machine for the money. I have used this unit for over 2 years now and it s still making great Espresso and Capaccino! Ultra low maintenance and 
Bread Box--Stainless. The box is quite attractive, and the cutting board is thick and heavy, which helps weight down the box itself, which is made of rather thin metal. This 
Simply a great sharpener. I have a set of Henckels 5 Stars, and this sharpener brought them from dull to razor sharp in just a few minutes. Follow the instructions, 
Good storage unit. The unit is easy to put together. It is sturdy and holds a lot of items in it. Turned out to be just what we needed  
SNug!. I did a load of research before settling into this comfy comforter. Pretty warm and got it when San Francisco got its first cold front for the winter. As 
Great Vacuum and Great Company. I gave Witbeck and the product 5 stars. Witbeck offers exceptional customer service and it is a pleasure doing business with them. The vacuum arrived 
great full size popcorn popper. This popcorn popper is the BEST! It was easy to set up and very easy to use. It has been a huge hit with our 
Nordic Ware Microwave Tender Cooker. This is great for busy people. It cooks like a slow cooker in just a half-hour. I had one of these for 4 years and 
a tried and true classic. Fiestaware ROCKS! The turquoise place setting is beautiful...It is much brighter than the pictures on amazon.com...Fiestaware is functional, calssic and fun- I love to mix 
Nice Ladle But too BIG to store easily. I ve looked all over town for a ladle that had a nice, ergonomically curved grip and a big dipper. I thought 
Pretty good for the job. Just as with the vac filter, these do the job they were designed to do and do it not badly. More notable is the fact 
Cute As a Button. Perfect size for single servings of soup and veggies. I like it so much I got two  
i love this platter, its a life saver. big sturdy and wonderfull  
great for work lunches. I love this item. It is perfect for cooking small portions of rice. I use it all the time at work. I cook one cup of 
Good Product Worth Buying. I have had very good luck with this toaster. It is easy to operate, the toast stays centered and the results are generally good. The only 
I add cayene and or black pepper. I used a gift certificate to stock up on this jerky spice. You can use this as a base and add other spices 
KitchenAid Hard Anodized Nonstick 12-Inch covered Stir Fry Pan. I have a lot of use for this wonderful pan. It works so much better for me than other similar pans 
Sharp 1100Watt Microwave. This is a great microwave oven it is stainless steel steel an really stands out in our kitchen. Has a quick minute button so if you really 
Fruit rolls - mmmmm!. My mother has these and I used to make lots of fruit rolls with them - lots of fun, and a good treat! I recommend mixing 
Good alternative. This is a good alternative but has its drawbacks. I think a britta sink faucet model would be more convenient but my faucet is not set up for 
Good for the Money. For === 18.99=== you ll be hard pressed to find a better queen-sized down pillow out there. There are plenty of cheap down pillows at linen 
The Best In Its Category. I spent a lot of time online looking for a 4 to 5 cup coffeemaker to suit my needs. There are the usual suspects: Mr. 
Worth every penny. I got the same mixer in black licorice and I absolutely love it! I have had it since christmas. It is great for bread,cookies and more--double to 
Absolutely Love It!. As a fireman s wife I am always looking for fire stuff that is not too over the top. Love this! It is beautiful AND useful. Very 
Liked first one so much I bought another. Lamp is handsome, versatile, easily adjustable. I use one on the piano to illuminate the music and one next to the computer 
Fool Proof Sharpner. I purchased a very nice set of knives while on business in Germany and I have been using the rod sharpener to sharpen them. It was after 
great deal. For the low low price this lamp looks great and functions well. I am pleased  
Caveat Emptor. I love the Dyson. It is a remarkably light, efficient vacuum cleaner. However, the reconditioning should be a warning. My vacuum has an annoying plastic part that vibrates 
Great for Vegetables. Very nice steamer - I use it a lot for vegetables like asparagus. One thing I was worried about was whether it would fit in my pots 
Great machine. This is our first espresso maker in our home. We ve had it for several weeks now--many many cups worth--and we re still impressed. It makes a wonderful 
cats love it. my cats have loved this, so much I got a second one. Nelson sleeps on top of the cube and also goes up there to get away 
Great humidifier. The pads seem to completely dissolve within 3-4 weeks, but the humidifier does a great job, so its worth it. Very easy to clean and set up  
When they finally come, they are nice. Too bad no photo -- cute as the dickens!Make SURE it says they are in stock when you buy them.I got two sets 
Mr. Coffee. This is a great product, be wary of other products claiming to keep your coffee or tea warm. Best one I ve used yet, a great buy!  
Very Comfortable. We wanted a spare set of sheets for our bed, but these quickly became set number one. No major problems with wrinkling if they are washed right and 
My cat s favorite toy!. Before I moved, this was my cat s go to toy when she was board and wanted to shake things up. Unfortunately, it somehow didn 
greatdeal. It has worked out very well and I like that it doesn t take up much space  
Works great-powerful. I now have two of these powerful vacuums. They are a great value for the money. Only draw back, and it is managable, is that filter does it 
Nice. I really like these plates. I bought the crocks as well and have no issues with them. THe go together really nicely if you are serving soup and salad 
6 inch Loofa Dog. My dog loved this product. I wish I would have bought the bigger version.  
mattress tool also works on bedding. I have to admit that I didn t originally think I needed a mattress tool. Then I realized that it s not just for 
my wife loves this. looks great and works great too my wife uses this and said its the best one she has ever had . it fits her hand just 
Fantastic Cookware. I have tried numerous non-stick fry pans and this is by far the best yet. It is good and heavy to prevent warpage at high heat, and is 
Awesome Skillet!. Our family has purchased 7 of these cookers. It DOES NOT STICK and maintains temperature perfectly. It sits on top of my cooktop which I rarely use anymore. 
Makes sharpening foolproof. I think this knife sharpener is great. I went with this model with the three-stage sharpening process to help out those knives in really rough shape. It 
Great coffee maker. We purchased this coffee maker to replace a Mr. Coffee that failed after just 4 short months. This coffee maker is great. It brews the coffee in 
Richell 94124 Wood Pet Pen 09-60 Combo. The pet pen was a welcome surprise prior to Christmas because I was expecting it after Christmas. I use it for my Pom 
I love it!. I bought this last night and immediately tried it when I got home on my filthy kitchen floor. I am so pleased, I can t wait to 
It really works!. I was skeptical but willing to give it a try. It really works! Champagne stayed good for for many days, during which I opened and resealed it 
love it!. This is one versatile pan, I was pleasantly surprised with its size. I can easily feed 4-5 people , everything I made came out delicious,clean-up is effortless.The pan 
Great seasong kit. I m a big fan of beef jerky and was gifted with a works machine. I was amazed at the ease of mixing the seasoning and meat 
Great Flowers. Hey guys get these flowers and score some points.........!!! they looked good and smelled great. my wife was impressed .....oh by the way send them to her work...... 
Bake-n-Go. I ve tried them all and this is by far the best muffin cupcake pan ever. The pan is smaller than regular cupcake pans 13 . The compact size 
Great for a bedroom and late night snacks. I have this microwave in my bedroom I got it at Rite Aid for 50 bucks and I brought it on a 
Good bang for the buck. This non-stick skillet was top rated by Cooks Illustrated Magazine and I concur with their opinion.A great pan for the money, even if you have 
If it weren t for the handle... I bought this at Lowes Home Improvement for 9.97 - it s their regular price. The handle pieces do come out but don 
Decent Toaster Oven. You really can go wrong with this item - it s very affordable and designed decently for it s price range. The only issues I have with 
Excellent Cleaning Quality. We had to purchase a vacuum for our plushy soft carpet that our Oreck XL couldn t handle. Oreck s great for stairs, bare floors. This summer 
Well Designed. The Pedrini Nutcracker is well designed and functional. I have not cracked nuts with it yet, but it has done a great job on Crab and Lobster  
Loffa Dog. This turned out to be my dog s favorite Christmas present. She plays with it every day and she looks so cute holding it in her mouth. I 
Great Knife!. I am so happy I purchased 3 of these.... I have small hands and finally a knife that fits comfortably and does the job the company claims it 
It was worth every penny I spent. I love this product. I clean my hard wood floor every once a week and vinyl sheet. It did an awesome job. Some 
Great, but no chairs. Bought this for my daughter, in her small apartment. She says it fits just right, though it was tough opening the carton the table was shipped 
Good coffee if you need to make Latte s or Espresso. Good espresso ground coffee. It will please you if you like dark blends and this is very dark blend 
Great vegetable slicer - best suited to small items. This knife, like all of Kyocera s ceramic knives, is good looking and has a terrific sharp edge. Like the rest 
Mikasa place setting. I ordered 4 place setting and they all arrived quickly and in good shape.The china is light weight and easy to work with.  
Great Blender. I reviewed a quite a few blenders before choosing this one. I was looking something with power and quality.One set back was I didn t get a recipe 
Soup bowl with a handle. If you like to carry your food around and do other things while eating this is a great cup for you. It is a really 
Useful and elegant. What else can I say? This cookbook holder does the trick and keeps the food from getting on the pages while freeing up some counter space  
Corning Ware. The product arrived in good condition and arrived on time. The product was adequately packed for shipment  
the cats love it. First, if you are handy with wood this is a very simple product. Just a wooden box with holes drilled in and toys stuffed inside for 
Oven Thermometer. Good quality and easy to read. i like the way it clips onto the oven rack too  
Love it!. My husband made fun of me but I like to be very organized and this does it. Easy to install and works just like I wanted  
I love this processor. I was so thrilled when I unpacked my processor. It is so high quality and professional in both looks and performance. It has so many features 
deep fryer. i didnt like it as it did not sit level and it was broke  
Nice little opener. Got a nice handle and opens bottles with ease  
Felt good. We got this over a year ago and loved it from the moment we put it on the bed. We got a new bed and had to get 
G O O D.......F O R.......T H E.......P R I C E..... .......................NOTE ON AVAILABLITY OF THIS ITEM............FOR SOME REASON, THE AVAILABILTY OF THIS ITEM SEEMS TO BE IN DOUBT. 
Functional, but NOT metallic!. I was very disappointed that this trash can wasn t metal. I think the title was misleading. Ultimately, I think this price is high for a 
Makes the best popcorn!. I don t know if I have great luck or if others have had bad luck, but this popcorn popper has held up great through very 
ENTHUSIASTIC CUSTOMER. Perfect.Delivery on time.Stuff as shown in amazon.co  
Pretty good. These shears are not good at cutting things like paper and plastic but worked beautifully on chicken  
Amazon Rocks. I pressure can everything so I knew I wanted a Wisconsin Pressure Canner. I wanted one that would last forever. This one in particular is great because you 
Best. Mug. Ever. I went through dozens of mugs until I finally decided that I needed steel. The added bonus is that it retains the heat of the coffee longer, 
Perfect, I am so pleased. Arrived very quick, very good wraping ,I found no demage, I put it all together in less than 30 minutes, very nice color ,looks so 
Firm and Plump!. This pillow is very plump and firm. You will need to find a larger pillowcase for it because stuffing it into a standard case makes it feel 
EVERYTHING I WAS TOLD IT WOULD BE. THE SOLEUS AIR FAN PROVIDED ME WITH EVERYTHING I WAS LOOKING FOR IN A FLOOR FAN. THE MOST IMPORTANT FEATURE I WANTED WAS 
Very useful shape, same classic design. Bowls are nice, but some foods fit better on these bread trays. Even things that aren t bread. My trays get loaded up with 
dOGS LOVE IT. MY DOGS ARE VERY HAPPY WITH THE FOUNTAIN. THEY TAKE TURNS DRINKING FROM THE BOWEL AND THE STREAM. THEY DEFINITELY DRINK MORE WATER AND DRINK LONGER. I 
No Such Thing as Too Big!. Not only good for hot beverages, including that caffeine-overdose-sized morning coffee, these mugs also make great soup, chili, ice cream and cereal bowls! Add 
Thomas. This comforter is soft and bright designs make it well worth the money. I had searched several local stores and online but the only reasonable place of course was 
They re Reidel. Finally Reidel glasses you can put in the dishwasher! We ve had these for several months and none have broken yet in the dishwasher  
Tooo cool ....: . Love it! Awesome air flow and style...perfect speed controls. It s retro, beautiful...And because it s red, it goes faster. :  
great machine. I was going to buy The Lello 45900 Ariete Espresso Cappuccino Maker, because the price was so good , but I waited over three months because it was 
great vacuum. I purchased this vacuum a month or so ago for my new apartment. Although I have only used it twice I am very pleased with it, although it 
Best Vaccum I ve Ever Owned!. My daughter purchased a Dyson DC17 Animal and was so impressed that I decided to purchase one as well. With four dogs, dog hair 
Great. I like this as a clothes hamper and sorting the laundry as we go along instead of me doing it all at laundry time. The mesh bags help the 
gorgeous colors!! only small imperfections. I registered for Fiesta online for my wedding and just got my first place settings in my mom bought me some to start me out 
Nice Mug - Not So Nice Price. This mug is nice and cute and durable - the color is even and matches well with the other cinnabar items I have. 
Good Buy!. Mission Natural Coffee Table is a great buy. It looks like we spent a lot more money on it then we did. We just bought our first home 
Cat Likes it!. I tried another type of flowing water dish for my cat and she wouldn t touch it. She actually uses this one so I guess she likes 
Le Creuset 3-1 2 quart buffet casserole review. This is a wonderful casserole! It makes me happy just to look at this beautiful pot, let alone cook with it! I 
Cheap, Clean, Safe Drinking Water. I got this water filter a few days ago and it is GREAT! The water tastes cleaner and better than the tap. This product will 
Antique Styling, Modern Durability. This trivet is wonderful - virtually indestructible. And it s absolutely beautiful, too! My friend from Brittany said her grandmother had the same exact trivet when 
A good little spot heater. This is a good little spot heater that will also heat up a small room if you leave it on for 20 mins or so. 
Well Played, Krups. I was a bit concerned after reading all the reviews about the plasticy taste. The coffee I made from day one was phenomenal. There was nothing like 
Our Best Pan. I bought this casserole last year after debating over all of the Le Creuset pots and casseroles on which one would be the most versatile - and 
Top Design & Quality. At last, a designer s stainless steel coffee mug that is not a travel mug  
Great Addition to my Collection. This platter is much nicer than I was expecting, larger too. The glaze technique really looks beautiful on this piece and it will make a 
My permanent spatula... I ll admit, I had to learn how to use this &quot;turner&quot; because of its shape, but now I realize that it s far better than any 
Lightweight with a Nice Feel. Of course I wanted to get my family expensive stemless wine glasses that sound like a bell when toasting but with a small Christmas budget 
Awesome Product!. So many people don t know what they re missing! This is a FABULOUS product! I had a Sunbeam egg cooker for over 20 years, which finally died. 
Freestanding Pet Gate, Small. Just as described and arrived quickly. Great for our dog  
Best laser pointer that uses regular batteries!. I was looking for a laser pointer to use as a cat toy, but wanted to avoid those that took watch batteries since 
Terrifically Tempting Tagine!. As Dr. Michael Lim The Travelling Gourmet I have put on cooking demonstrations for Le Creuset in Singapore, and this is one of my favourite cooking utensils 
CD storage. I have now purchased 6 of these items and I love them. Probably need a couple of more  
Fun to use and good at slicing, but you can t see what you re peeling!. I got several of these to give as gifts, and they were mostly well 
Good product. These pillows are nice, everything that the description and reviews said they would be. Not too firm, not too soft, just right  
multi purpose pan is great. This came to me just in time to solve several cooking applications that have been bothering me since the Holidays. As a lasagna pan it 
Da Bird Cat Toy!. What a wonderful toy! Our cat loves it, and even wakes us up in the middle of the night to play! However one issue we experienced 
7 Piece Dakota Dining Room Set. Great product, good finish and quality. great customer service, I had a chair that I could not assemble due to a manufacturing defect. I 
Must use as a training device. I bought the bark stop about 2 weeks ago. I had read several reviews either really good or really bad so I was quite 
Love this cookware. I have a set of the traditional Circulon as well as a piece of the new steel Circulon. I have never had a problem keeping the grooves 
EVERYTHING GOOD YOU HAVE HEARD ABOUT THIS CAN OPENER IS INVARIABLY TRUE! -- WOW!. IN A NUTSHELL: THE GOLD STANDARD FOR THE PRICE OF TINAs can openers go - there 
Very simple, practical and expandable. This wine rack works great. You do need to glue the rack together or it will pull apart, especially if moved. They say you have 
this is great, light weight. I really like these cutting boards.There not beautiful, there not for serving, but they do not let liquid spill off the sides, cause they go 
First set...best set. being that this is the first set of knives I have ever purchased I really have nothing to compare them to. However I must say in the 
Like it, but watch out for color. I liked it overall - always great Mikasa quality, just wanted to warn others, that advertised crisp white background came in rather milky-creamy-off-white 
Wok on the Wild Side. excellent wok; heats evenly; love the hook at the end of handl  
Great tool to have!. I love this baking mat! It is great for prepping dough, and for baking cookies on a sheet evenly, and cleanly. I love that i don 
Good item, fast, cleaning is ok with nonstick surface, durable. I have had this grill for about 6 years now, and it is still fun to use. Beats frying of 
A great fan. My entire family sleeps with a fan beside their bed Year Round . We already had one of these fans and everyone was fighting over it so 
The suckiest machine I know !. I Love this machine. We needed a hand vacuum to help clean up hair on the couches, other furniture, and our cars. We have 
Recomend it!. I love and and bought one for my parents as well as my in laws....great for my morning tea. Favorite feature is the auto shut off, I can 
Calories All Day Long. I purchased this rice cooker for the soul reason that I was shortly due to become a student with a small budget. I also have a 
Very Durable Product. I have occasionally noticed restaurants using Fiestaware, which is an accurate testament to the product s durability  
Cheese slicer. I am very happy with this item. It does a good job of slicing cheese. I would have liked it better had it been a little smaller. It 
Here is the elbow grease you needed. Handy to have when your no longer able to scrub. Arthritis patients would really benefit from this product  
What A Great Little Machine!. I just love this iced tea maker. I still can t believe I only paid 11.99 for it.It makes perfect tea in under 10 minutes. 
replacement carafe. The old one lasted three years. It took a very swift collision into the side of the sink for it to break. Thank heavens they are selling replacements, 
Sheets 300 t c. I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THE SHEETS. THEY ARE VERY SOFT AND COZY.I AM REALLY HAPPY I FOUND THEM AT THIS PRICE..VERY VERY CHEAP AND EXTREMELY 
I really like this Product... My brother & sister-in-law recommended a Hamilton Beach Brewstation to me. Theirs was a top-of-the-line model that cost over 100.00. I bought a REfurbished Brewstation 
Fiestaware canister. Great Canister, so happy that I was able to find this at such a great price, and shipping was free that is alway a plus for me.  
Use for Cream AND Sugar!. I was looking for an attractive stainless steel glass sugar dispenser. I read the Amazon reviews of the WMF Satin Steel and Glass Sugar Bowl 
good basic saucepan. This pan gets the most use of any in my kitchen. It s got a good depth so that when whisking sauces and gravies they don t 
Lightweight and compact. So far, I ve gotten lots of use out of this booklight. It s a clever design and the light it sheds is more than enough.  
Great Lid Rack!. This rack is great. It has plenty of slots for lids and they re well spaced, so deeper lids will fit well, too.  
Lovely, useful tumblers. These tumblers are great for use at a card game. Everybody gets a different colored glass. They do not sweat so coasters are not required to keep 
Food mill was a good deal. I received the food mill promptly, and in perfect condition. It was as stated by the seller  
Durable and easy to use. I ve used a table model Screwpull since the early nineties. Yes, the same one and it still works well after thousands of bottles. The 
My favourite mug!. This is a great product. The insulation keeps the outside of the mug cool to the touch, and keeps the contents hot for hours; I made tea 
Not a bad french press... I was looking for a French Press on Amazon one day, and about a week or so later this model appeared in my Gold Box 
Great Quality. I was a little hesitant to spend over 10 for a splatter screen as most of them really aren t worth more than a few bucks. However, I 
still works perfectly. I bought this grinder a year ago, and we use it everyday, sometimes multiple times a day. It produces a consistent grind, is very easy to change 
Keeps pets out of food. After having my cat fod raided for the third time by our resident dog small horse, I went looking for a container that would be 
Perfect for dips & little snacky things. These little bowls are used all the time at our house. They re great for casual entertaining; one little bowl for nuts, one 
A Wonderful Find At A Reasonable Price! A . I just purchased this knife, having a larger Wustof Santoku Knife. I wanted this smaller knife to handle jobs that did 
One of my most used kitchen items. First off, make sure you notice in the writing above that while this is called a 3 cup press, it does not make 
Good Product. I am very happy with this product. It has a solid base and I like that it is so easy to adjust. I wish that it had a 
This is TOO good. I ve been on the lookout for a good strong wall magnet for months, and nothing out there seems to pass muster. Finally, just when I 
Vornado recommended. I would highly recommend this humidifier mainly because of the simple design and ease of use. Compared to another brand that I have, this one is very low 
THE BEST. We ve had the Pizzazz for about 5 years and its incredible, we use it for just about anything frozen. Don t think twice about buying one  
Great Idea Mediocre Execution. I have had this pet chime dog doorbell system for one year. The system I have worked great at its intended purpose. My dog was scratching 
Best soap pump around. You know how there are always messy drips down the sides of most soap lotion dispensers? Well, this long snout pump can help you avoid them. 
Simply the Best We Have Used!. We are Dutch oven cooks here in the northwest and do a lot of classes for folks, cater, and demo. We believe in only 
Great for small dogs!!!. My Pomeranian has 2 of these cute toys and loves them!!! I get him one whenever a they make a new loofa dog. My friend also 
Great Daily Cleaner. Use this on the Absolute Black granite and it works great for daily clean up. Also use the Granite Gold polish about once a month.  
Popper popped perfect. Requires a lot of turning on the handle, but worth it for that old fashioned movie type popcorn! I recommend for family fun  
The only waffle iron you need!. I have had a Salton waffle maker for years, but avoid making waffles because of the messy clean up. The extra batter would seep 
perfect towel- unless they re imperfect . These towels are huge and plush. But one of my bath towels in the Cousteau color arrived flawed. It had major problems down 
How did we manage without it?. These gloves are hand savers in the kitchen, fireplace and camping  
Great little kitchen tool!. I love baking, and I love to cook as well. I wish I had ordered this little gadget prior to the holidays - it would have 
Superb knives for the price especially when they re on sale . We put these knives on our wedding registry after reading Cooks Illustrated s kitchen knife review. They most 
Fun Fun Fun!. My mini-labradoodle puppy loves this toy! She will drag the hive around waiting for me to put anything inside for her to find. She loves the bees 
Love the Crock set. I purchased this item as a Christmas gift and my aunt loves it. I am very pleased. Thank  
Champion Juicer. This is the only juicer I ve used, so I don t speak from experience with other brands. Nevertheless, I am very satisfied with this juicer. It is 
Just like Mom s. My mother bought a Magnalite Dutch Oven 50 plus years ago. I ve tried hard since I ve been married to replicate the beef pork pot 
Wow, forget NyQuil. I had high hopes for these 600-thread count sheets and they ve exceeded every one of them. They perfectly fit my oversize king. After 5 washes now 
Fabulous Dinnerware!. These dishes are wonderful - strong and attractive, with just the right weight. When I first picked up the dinner plate, I was surprised by how nice and 
Home Canner. I like the canner and have used it many times since purchasing it. The only problem is the holder that holds the canning jars. It is made such 
elegant skillet. An elegant cooking and serving piece that extends the amount of burners you have access to for entertaining  
Coffee Mugs that are delightful to use!. I recently acquired a Krups Pod Coffee brewer machine in the stainless finish. I wanted mugs with a similar finish and that would 
Me Likey, Likey!!!. These Woven Cotton Blankets are Yummy!!! I want more!!! Elegant, soft, gorgeous and my new favorite blanket on our bed!!! We are blanket officionatos now--because we have 
very small coffee press. This doesn t look like its a 3 cup coffee press, looks more like a two cup. Haven tused it, still sitting on the counter. But 
Fits all my jewelry, cleans it really well. This jewelry cleaner fits all my jewelry, even my largest necklace. I can clean lots of earrings at the same time, and 
Simple and beautiful. I was impressed by the quality finish on this item not a stain, but a process that caramelizes the natural sugar in the bamboo . A pleasure 
AWESOME LITTLE CHOPPER. This little chopper does wonders. It chops nuts and veggies like a much bigger chopper. It s super sturdy. I keep all of my walnuts etc. in 
Small but comfy. The foam never came to the full size of the mattress-it is couple of inches short on each side. It is very comfortable, and since I m 
Wonderful Set!. I love these dishes! The color and glaze is beautiful. I bought 2 sets. One arrived damaged but Amazon was great about picking up the broken set and 
Very Happy!. So glad i finally brokedown and bought me the Famous Dust Buster. Awsome little Vaccum Cleaner.Thanks A  
Nice set of glassews. I bought these glasses a couple of months ago and like them very much. Their odd shape somehow makes them easier to hold and everyone likes 
Bluebirds abound!. I bought this for my mother after having seen a bluebird in her backyard during a visit. This is a great little house constructed perfectly from the size 
Wires necessary. A hand held wire type of cheese slicer is great. Doesn t matter what cheese soft or hard this will slice through it without a problem, that is 
Fine product, but NO HARDWARE. This is a fine product and much nicer than many of the other door mounted spice racks avalible. It is a bit pricey but still. 
I own two. I own two that include the ac adapter. They are great bright lights. I used the first one so much that it sometimes slides closed too easily. 
The finest paring knife you can aquire. I have been an avid amateur cook for 25 years and have worked with a wide variety of kitchen tools during that period. 
Good Product...but not for very small dogs. This is a great product; well built; very good quality. It is great for dogs weighing 20 pounds or more. One caution, though.....the 
Fresh curned butter on some homemade bread anyone?. We have owned the Breadman Corner Bakery for about eight months now. It has made our house smell wonderful. I have to 
Kicking myself in the butt right now. Important Note: If you plan to set a microwave oven on this, you might want to purchase a same-size cutting board to set 
Wouldn t be without this handy item. I bought one of these iSi cream dispensers about 20 years ago. Have never had a problem with it and have not worried 
Stylish Little Mic. This thing looks good and performs good. I highly recommend for those looking for style and function  
Nice piece. This is the usual high quality of OXO however it s a bit smaller then I expected. The directions told me to put the tip on the counter 
Great reading light. Works wonderfully. My husband can sleep while I finish that last chapter. Makes a great night light when travelling too  
The fantastic sieve!. I believe this sieve is really good and is a great kitchen utensil to own. We all should have one! Not only does it do its job 
Great Value. After researching in Consumer Reports, I decided on this toaster because it has cord storage, deep toaster wells, a bagel setting and a defrost setting, 4 slice slots, 
Excellent. We have used an old pizzelle maker for 10 years and this one has great improvements in cord location and drip protection. Work great from the beginning. We make 
Wonderful blender. I ve used this blender about 45 times, mostly on frozen bananas with milk or yogurt. It works.Some reviewers have had problems with splashing. The instructions say to 
Presto 8 quart pressure canner review. Item is well worth the purchase price. ONLY thing that should be changed in the advertizement on Amazons web site is to ADD or 
Polly, Put The Kettle On!. . . . And we ll all have tea! That is exactly what this was meant to do.My wife likes to enjoy a nice cup 
This Rocky delivers a knockout!. I have had my Rocky doserless grinder for nearly nine months and I have never regretted the purchase. This is one of the premier prosumer 
This itty bitty book light is an itty bitty wonder. I am amaze of all the negative reviews on this product. I purchased the itty bitty book light containing the 
Love this dutch oven. My husband was skeptical, why do you need a new 200 pot he said. Well I bought the dutch oven, with two days of receiving it 
Great Product!. Heats super evenly, non-stick works fantastic, dishwasher safe as long as you use the right detergent. It doesn t get any better than that  
Beautiful. They are great quality, heavy and strong, beautifully designed, and love the way it sits on your hand. Of course, cost is associated with quality  
Amazing!!. This is the best purchase I have ever made. Money very well spent. I have never slept so well. Hip pain used to make fallling asleep difficult for me 
High Quality Pot Rack for Joists Spaced 16 Apart. This rack, made in Indonesia, appears to be completely made of solid stainless steel - unlike others that use chrome plated 
Old Time Fashion. It s great making soda water for drinks the way they did in the old B&W movies. Works fine. Lot s of fun with guests  
No Shaving this summer!!. I have two cats. One is a shedder the other a short haired tabby. This has worked great on both of the cats. I already notice 
What a dream machine!!. I ve been using the HOOVER WindTunnel Bagless Canister Cleaner with Powered Nozzle for a few weeks now and I have to say..... This is THE 
Very happy with this tool. This tool is very good for removing pasta from water and other small foods from both cooking oil and water. My only problem is that 
The Perfect Hotpad. I m only sorry that I didn t purchase two...and that s exactly what I m about to do.It feels, fits and performs perfectly. They are much 
Great grill. I bought this grill after reading reviews for many different grills, I thought this one seemed to have the better reviews, so I bought it. I really love 
Great Christmas Gift. I gave this coffemaker to my fiance as a Christmas gift, and both of us have been happy ever since. Initially I thought we wouldn t use 
REMOTE CONTROL BLIZZARD POWER FAN. Contrary to one or two other reviews, I have found this fan to be quieter than most...certainly more quiet than a box fan. The fan 
for the ice cream lover. This thing is solid and built to last. You can really lean on it for those rock hard ice creams. No more bent spoons  
Perfect size. This is a perfect size for anyone who wants to start keeping fish but who doesn t have much space. It is compact and neat with very easy 
Pleased, but have to agree with others... I just received the last of 12 4-piece sets 2 each of six colors that I just ordered and in general I am 
Thank You Amazon Reviewers. I was looking for dish sets, wanting the square shape, but didn t want to pay 10 plate, or have hideous floral patterns. I found these 
Very nice. Beautiful canister. I purchased one in each of the three sizes. They look fantastic in my kitchen. Highly recommend  
Quick Shake Container. I have been using my Quick Shake Container for more than 8 years. I think it is one of the best kitchen items I have ever purchased. 
Awesome pans!!!. These pans are great!! They are a nice middle weight pan. Great quality and the nonstick is like no other. Better than anything I have ever had. They 
Featherbed cover. The featherbed covers I purchased were exactly what I wanted to cover the foam bed topper we have in our motorhome. The fit is perfect and quality is 
Fixed our Problem!. Our two and a half year old son was just potty trained and couldn t quite make it through the night. We had a smaller pad on 
so far so good. PEACE AT LAST!!!!! We have only had this for 4 days, but we are very happy. I ordered this because of RUDE neighbors who leave there 
Best knives I ve ever owned. These knives stay sharp! The ONLY negative is that when I received this block set, there are 11 knives and 12 slots in the 
Great purchase. I purchased one of these several months ago after laboring over the price. I have no regrets. It s a top notch made in the USA appliance and 
Storage ottoman. Quickly shipped and as described, but make sure you have plenty of FEBREEZE on hand; the ottoman carries a strange oil-based smell that lingers for weeks  
Pet bed. I am very pleased with my pet bed. My pom loves it I have blankets and toys in there for her. I am glad I got the bigger 
Great Dog Treats. We have three dogs and these treats are terrific. They re great for the times when you just need to keep the dogs occupied for a spell. 
Worth every penny. I bought this knife almost three months ago, and have been nothing but impressed. I am a professional chef and have used this blade almost non-stop since 
Healthy & Good Taste Choice as it is Aluminim Free. This DeLonghi BAR32 Espresso Maker is the only budget priced espresso maker that I can find that does not have 
Petsafe battery. Paid less for two items than I would at the local pet store for one. Quick free shipping and no tax. What more can I say  
Has a classy look and feel. They are one of the best sheet sets. Even after a number of washes they retain the smoothness. As with most cotton, they do 
A DURABLE DELIGHT!!. I bought this soft sided pet crate in hopes that my new Yorkie Terrier, Brando, would have a safe haven to welcome him home.Since he is such 
Towel Set. I was very pleased with the quality of the towel set. The bath towels are large, fluffy, and soft  
Perfect for use with Bunn s My Cafe Coffee Maker. We have the commercial version of the Bunn My Cafe coffee maker. These jumbo mugs fit the machine so well 
Excellent, powerful, and economical. I have purchased 3 different brands of home air purifiers Honeywell 17000, Oreck XL Professional, and Holmes Mini Tower HEPA , and the Honeywell 17000 works 
Very cushy and comfortable. Received this item very quickly as promised. It DOES have a zipper to remove the cover for washing but it s a tiny invisible type, you 
Highly Recommended. This is just the device for quickly chopping or dicing veggies such a tomatoes, cucumbers, and onions. Remember to slice to the depth desired first before chopping  
great utility cart. This is just what I needed for a narrow space in my pantry. Putting it together was a breeze and it is really sturdy. It holds all 
You ll never drink from another glass again. Mr. Reidel is a genius. He has custom shaped each wine glass to complement every different wine imaginable. Your wine will never 
Great little gadget - Awesome value... Melitta has really improved the design on the cone from previous versions - They ve added a lip on the top so you can 
Melitta MES2B Single Serve Coffee Maker. I have used the coffee maker for the past couple of weeks, and it seems to make decent coffer using the Folgers Pods. The 
Perfect - Every time!. Great product. VERY easy to use and to clean. Be sure you re ready for the garlic smell in the house, though. It s a lovely 
Functional, cute & cheap. I have one cat that I could NOT keep in a collar. I bought several different types with buckles and clasps which would be off in 
Monster Popovers!. I had bought a less than stellar popover pan from ebay that constantly stuck and got metal on my popovers so I trashed it and bought this one. 
Automatic Soap & Lotion Dispenser. I have been very pleased with this product. I ordered 3 of them all together. One for myself and two for gifts. Eventually I would 
Excellent. This is a great pillow for cervical support and stretching. It s cotton and washable and worth the price  
Griddle - best item on stove. I purchased this griddle just to be on top of my new range. It is better than the griddle that JennAir offers - cooks 
Outstanding Coffee Grinder. I bought the chrome version of this machine about a month ago and my experiences with it are excellent. The machine stays cool, grinds about 1 2 
Love it!. I was just using this whisk today thinking, I should really review this on amazon because I love it so much. I ve had this whisk for several 
Perfect eggs easy. Sure, its not that hard to boil a pot of water, but you still have to wait for the boil, time, etc. With the Oster you just 
Great size. This is a great size for ice cream, salsa, etc. The shamrock is a beautiful color  
ice crusher. It is great for every refreshing drinks, i use it to make halo-halo mix , mixture of sweetened beans,young coconut,flan,jackfruit etc. sweets, put them in a nice big 
No Such Thing as Too Big!. Not only good for hot beverages, including that caffeine-overdose-sized morning coffee, these mugs also make great soup, chili, ice cream and cereal bowls! Add 
lunch bags. great product; great size; the zipper is a new bonus which is well usedand flexible enough to expand with larger lunche  
Excellent slicer!. The Kyocera adjustable mandoline slicer is an excellent product! I have used mine for almost 1 year and have no major complaints, the only one being that Kyocera 
It s a lid. What can I say?...It fits perfectly over the pan and covers ALL the contents  
So great I keep getting more and giving as gifts. I now own 3 of these. We use them so often that they don t get washed before we want 
Great pot for the price. If like me you can t justify the expense of an All-Clad product this it a great deal. I quit using aluminum pots years ago 
Target console table. This is a great product for the money. WE purchased it to go in the family room with our other, more expensive furniture and it fits right 
Great product!. this waffler makes perfect waffles every time. Very easy to use and easy to clean.  
Serta Memory Pillow. Purchased the pillow for my wife. It wasn t quite what she expected for sleeping at night, but she uses it while watching TV  
usability. this mortat and pestle do the jobi used them right away.. grinding up herbs.. they work wonderfully. i have seen the same item for 39.99 for the setyour price 
I like it. Well I didn t even know what a duvet was until about a week before I purchased this. So I m obviously no expert on them. It 
Best Handheld vac ever. I ended up buying this after a ton of research. I used the reviews from amazon and epinions. I have three dogs and they are allowed 
Big. These make fast work of clean up in my kitchen which is why I bought them. The thread on the seams came out on two of them. Other than 
Thought I d never use this.....was I wrong!. I now own 3 of these platters. One is the halloween one! I use them constantly for entertaining. The platter is large 
hits the spot in cramped urban life. I hate buying more crap to fill up my tiny NYC apartment, but this was a fantastic buy. I occupy 400 sq. feet 
Nice perfprmer. The humidifier i have is delightful, you can wash the parts in the dishwasher when they need cleaning and the filter lasts quite a while if you turn 
Great little broom. This is a neat and good product in my opinion and for the price it can t be beat. In between regular heavy floor cleaning it really 
Does the job. Very nice item, affordable. Mine had a minor air bubble in it near the neck, but not big enough for me to return it. No problem assembling 
Great collar for a great wireless fence system. We ve had a PIF wireless fence system for about 3 years and it s always worked great for us. We recently 
Everyday Stemware. I use these glasses every day. I used to have the same size shape Riedel glasses, but these are exactly the same shape, and half the price. Also, 
Mostly Love It!. This is my second one purchased. My first one lasted 3 years. My cat s weight has stabilized, and he doesn t wake me up for 3AM 
I finally found the perfect stainless steel steak knife set. I live in SW Florida. Everything down here rusts, even the nails in the walls. I am gradually replacing all 
I bought this for my girlfriend. Great skillet for the money. I wanted a stainless skillet that you could grab a hold of the handle bare hands. So far I 
great powerhead and filter. The quickfilter and powerhead combo really clear up your tank after a water change. I highly reccomend this combo  
Great purchase. After recently returning to school, I was quickly reminded how tough reading textbooks is on one s neck, especially while trying to take notes at the same time. 
fresh water for kitty. This was a great purchase for me & kitty. He would search the house for fresh water, waiting under faucets and licking pipes, regardless of how 
Best coffee maker ever. I have found this to be the best I have ever owned. My daughter had gotten one and finally my old one conked out and I 
Heavy Duty Workhorse. This egg slicer is great! Not only does it slice eggs, it also slice mushrooms perfectly. Much better than a food processor and more even slices than 
Love this light weight vacuum cleaner!. It s so easy to handle. Easy to switch from the floor vacuum to the accessory hose. It s small enough to get into 
Life Saver. We have 2 Shiba Inu s and couldn t live without Nature s Miracle. It s fantastic for removing odors from accidents on carpets. I ve used it 
Hopefully they will break in . These sheets look and feel rich...but not necessarily soft. Because they are so thick, I think they may take a few washings and a 
Plate Review. These were replacement plates for some we had purchased several years ago, but lost through wear and tear. the order came through quickly, and safely, which was important 
Handle Moung Grill Light. I purchased this light as a gift for my husband and he loves it  
Very Nice dishes. My wife and I registered for these for our wedding, and we ve been happy withthem. The mild colors match most everything else.The dishes are all very 
Ok. Not the highest quality but not the lowest either, fine for the purpose and the price. It s about the equivalent of what I could have gotten from my 
Nice gift...looks good and works great. I was very pleased with the 10 piece cookware set. It really heats evenly and cleans up easily  
Great inexpensive stock pot for a journeyman cook. This pot is exactly as advertised: a large, servicable pot for stocks and soups. It s not as heavy as a brand 
Perfect Durable Solid Wood Spoon - Perfect in Every Way. This OXO Good Grips Large Wooden Spoon is PERFECT in every way -- constructed of solid wood, with durable handle 
My favorite wine, my favorite wine glasses. I received the Riedel Syrah glasses as a gift after lusting after them for ages. I now wish I d just bought them 
2-QUART STEAMER. This steamer works great and is a good size for everyday use for a couple or small family. I used to use one of the folding steamers but 
Good value. This is the identical product which my vet prescribed and sold to me -- only a LOT cheaper  
Orgainized!. I saw this shelf at a friends house and thought it was a great idea! It does a nice job at organizing small pieces and parts of toys while 
Reconditioned Kitchen 5-Quart mixer. I am very pleased with this mixer. It is just as I requested. Received in excellent condition. The performance reaches all of my expectations in a 
A Keeper!!. I m embarrassed to say how many coffeemakers I ve tried and taken back. I m happy to say my Braun is the best of the best. I 
An AC Powered Booklight!. I have tried a number of different battery-powered booklights and they all go through batteries in about 5 minutes. This light can be purchased with an 
I like it!. It s lightweight, easy to clean and looks nice on the counter. Nice stop over for scraps on their way out to the compost  
An Essential for Family of Four or More. This is a big saucepan! I got it for Christmas because I needed a large saucepan shape with a long handle to 
Worth every cent. Does everything claimed and is useful for many things  
Good product. This is a really nice, attractive mill. Just remember: It doesn t come with pepper, so when you order it for someone for Christmas, buy the pepper, too 
Good Mugs, excellent price but... I like the product, the capacity and the price. The mugs really keep my coffee hot. The only problem I found is the handle: it 
Immediate Ahhhhhh!. When these sheets arrived, I put them in the washer and dryer and then made the bed. My husband and I both upon going to bed that night 
Terrific. This is a terrific item - I wonder why no one s made a microwaveable steamer basket to put inside other micro-ware? Anyway, this is of usual Pyrex quality 
Great Pressure Cooker. I love it! It is easy to use, cooks food fast and everything tastes great. I highly recommend it  
Your dog will stop pulling on the leash Immediately!. This product is a God send for those people who have a dog that pulls on the leash and thereby making 
Excellent Product. I am extremely allergic to mold. I placed the purifier in my bedroom at night and in the living room during the day. It works wonders. It can 
Great starter fish tank. I have been using it for over a month and I love it. The only disadvantage is that this tank is made of plexiglass which scratches 
Finally found it!. Just what I was looking for, it is an odd sized cover that is hard to find. Great quality also  
Its a Coat Rack. It isn t exaclty what i expected. But it works. It looks nice. And holds a lot of coats and doesn t tip over. It serves 
Great organizer. This jewelry organizer is very handy and takes up no room in my closet. It makes it so easy to accessorize in the mornings. I m really glad 
good buy. Our motley collection of cheap knives used to be strewn all over the bottom of our utensil drawer. When I got a set of very expensive Wusthof knives 
Gonna miss sea mist. One of the criteria in this family for what color to stock up on is how it looks under Mexican food. Sea mist and rose are 
Excellent Machine. I have owned this machine for 20 years and love it. 1 motor repair & 1 new bowl are all the additional I ve spent on the machine. 
Nice. I purchased this originally as a filler . I have found that it performs very well--is well-balanced, and very sharp. This is a nice quality knife  
great value. I bought this Braiser for myself. It is perfect for a commercial stove as the handles are metal and will not melt  
Very nice set. I bought this set for my daughter and she loves it  
Santa Fe 4-Piece Place Setting. This dinnerware is excellent. The colors are vibrant and make the table setting spectacular  
Love the Waffle Stick maker!. We saw this item and thought it would be great for grandkids. It is easy to use, waffles do not stick. It works well with 
Great mug!. This is probably my favorite mug. It easily holds about twice as much as a regular coffee cup. It comes with a plastic splash guard that locks into 
Bought these for my mom. I got these for my mom because they were a nice add on to the Nikko set she already had. I don t know what 
my little black box rocks. sanyo products are generally pretty good but i was concerned by the other reviews that talked about bad packing. feeling lucky, i ordered anyway. the 
DeLonghi Excellence !. The DeLonghi Electric grinder that I purchased is of excellent quality and recomend it highly for not only coffee bean grinding, but for those who grind hot 
Excellent coffeemaker - but doesn t last too long. This is my third one of these coffee makers in about 3 years. Reliability is definitely questionable - either the computer 
Awesome vaccum cleaner. I was going to spend around 400 for a Dyson Animal. I sure am glad I didn t! This vaccum is wonderful. It s easy to empty, 
Best All Around. I have a vacuum on each of 3 floors, both upright and canister. In the past 3 years I have replaced all the canisters with the Breeze 
Cool utensil crock!. I don t like those cutsie utensil crocks with little pale prints of flowers, roosters, fruits and things like that. Also don t like those made out 
ON OFF Switch could be improved. Unit is small and compact. The hand control is compact as well with a belt clip which is handy. The price is fair but 
Works great and easy to store. This knife sharpener works really well. I threw away my sharpening steel that came with my knives! If you are as inept at using 
Love these bowls. I love the quality, style and colours available with the soup bowls. Combined with the other pieces of Emile Henry I have purchased this is the best 
Best Dog Behavior Modification device. The Premier collar was the best solution to help my dog restrain from barking without any injury to him!! He learned within a few days 
Great product. I used this product to dehydrate pineapple, apple slices, grapes, and bananas. It took about 12 hours for the pineapple but everything else took probably about 9 hours. 
Keeps it Hot. I make coffee for the folks at work because the coffee in themachines is nasty. It tastes like it s cut with barn clutter.We got a surplus 
more than meets the eye. This pillow looks simple enough, but there must have been a lot of research put into inventing it! The DogBone medium size, about 16 w--i 
almost perfect design. I needed a cabinet door mounted wrap holder to free up the drawer space that was holding my wrap and baggie boxes. I wanted a holder that 
Nice, dont have to worry anymore!. Now I dont have to worry about if I have enough filters for this year! I bought 2 packs, now im good for a 
Been using for 4 months now, no problems. I waited awhile before deciding to write a review for this item because I wanted to see how the machine would perform. 
best laptop desk ever. the best laptop desk I ve ever found; if you get size larger than your laptop, you ll have space at side with amazingly good surface 
The perfect Christmas gift. Taking soups & stews to work as a foundation of a homemade meal was a problem until I discovered this mug. We saved more in the 
Nice Antique look. The set was not as yellow as the pics indicate they are, but still a good neutral color that will accomodate any kitchen dining decor. I love 
the best vaccum - you will never go wrong!. Aesthetically designed, yet a space saver, the Miele S4210 Carina is the best buy for a vacuum cleaner. Its suction power 
Quality Pie Plate at a great price!. I am sold on this bakeware! There s nothing like baking in a solid, heat-retaining product that cooks evenly and this is it! 
Tend Skin, Solution 2 made of the same stuff. I ve used both Tend skin and Solution 2. They are both basically the same stuff, acetylsalicylic acid aspirin , alchohol, 
Super Great!. This bowl is very durable and I love the different colors that it comes in. The bowl is dish washer and microwave safe and my kids have banged 
Smooth as Honey. Wonderful machine! Beautiful stitches and so easy to use. My thirteen year old granddaughter loves using it  
Bouble Burner Reversible Nonstick Griddle. This is a wonderful cooking piece. I ve only used the Grill side so far. I cooked steaks and they turned out great. I would 
Beautiful, nice quality. I ordered these without seeing them first, and was very pleased with the product. The glasses are nicely-shaped, and have an elegant, light feel. They are larger 
Funky little drinkware set. This drinkware set is the pride and joy of my Fiestaware collection. It flaunts the retro art deco design that I love about Fiestaware. The pitcher 
Ice Cream maker. It was not the redwood style I had hoped for, but the wood is bonded securely together and the motor has plenty of strength. It shuts off 
This particular Bacon Press alone is worth the price!. I have had this very Bacon Press for many years and I would not trade it for anything. I have seen 
Great bowls!. I love these bowls and the price is fantastic. They will have many uses - the colors are very nice - the lids fit nice and tight and 
Beautiful Dishes. The picture does not do these dishes justice. I purchased these dishes as a gift for a new bride that had picked them out. I didn t think 
CRAZY sharp!!!. My wife wanted a Santoku knife and after some research, decided on the MAC Santoku knife. Well balanced, light weight compared to our Henckels series set , and 
Nice Wok. Well made, cooks excellently; wooden handles would be nicer than metal as they remain cool.. The low price is great  
Finally, a blender that really makes a first class smoothie!. After trying out three lesser blenders, I decided to spend a little more to see if I could find one 
Pillow sham unavailable. I was excited about this product until I discovered the matching pillow shams were completely unavailable. I never did find anything to match, so I felt pretty 
Great Product. I m enjoying this humidifier. It was bigger than I thought it would be, but I found a space perfect for it. I don t have anything else 
I Like It, I Love It... I read the mixed reviews but I really liked the design so I ordered this coffee table and two of the matching end tables. 
Works like a charm. I purchased one of these to see if it would be better than doing it by hand... boy is it ever. It works even better than 
Razor sharp and beautiful balance. Having been a Sabatier fan all my life, I was a little skeptical when I saw some of my chefs using these Japanese knives, but 
Worth more than the price. Simply put, this knife if well worth the cost. If you are a professional, a student, or someone who just loves to cook, you will 
Very nice quality!. The shower curtain is very nice and high quality, but I have seen similiar elsewhere for much less expensive  
very good deal on these. very high quality feel to the sheet set. it feels very luxurious. i cant wait to get into bed when these sheets are on.the celery 
Perfect for apartments and small houses. We live in a cottage with a dog, and the indoor air quality was getting so bad that I couldn t breathe at night 
What a B-day gift!. Well, what a Birthday Gift. My wife and I both get b-day money and I knew this is what I wanted. I had a small grinder 
As Good As Le Crueset Now - NOT . This is an excellent item. It cleans up well, and I have used it in the oven only at this point. 
So useful!. I bought this as a college student tired of having to steal everyone else s hot water. Works great - just fill it, plug it in and forget 
THE ONLY KNIFE SET YOU WILL EVER NEED. Can t beat the quality. Everything you will ever need to make the meals in the kitchen  
Something for the Whole Family. I was amazed to find such a great quality pillow for this price. We now have 8. Soft, fluffy and very comfortable. Everyone loves them. 
Attractive and useful casserole dish. Cast iron usually isn t my first choice of cookware for several reasons: it isn t non-stick; it s heavy I have tendonitis in my 
Great Knife, but the description should be updated. Classic knife set. I love it. Before the purchase, you should expect 3 paring, 5 santuko, 6 utility instead of 4 paring, 
Love them!. I absolutely love these flutes. I had been looking at the Swarovski toasting flutes, but did not want to spend almost 300. I was hestitant about these, but 
Old Dutch Rustic Bookshelf Pot rack. This pot rack is nicely made and offers good value for the price. I have a smallish, rustic, country kitchen and the wall mounting 
Pretty Little Duo. I got these because I am officially addicted to the delicate beauty of the Butterfly Meadow line from Lenox. These are adorable and since they are curvy 
Divatex Standare Sham-Sunlight. I received the shams, and was suprised with the colour. These are almost a mustard yellow, not what I would call sunlight. The picture shown reflects a 
Solid. Very rich color. Very solid and deep... great for cereal. May be too heavy for young kids.  
Great product. My son, who lives in Washington, uses these fans exclusively for air conditioning his house in the summer. We live in California, but bought this fan to help 
Best Pillow Ever. I have gone through several pillows in the past few years and use to wake up with a stiff neck and shoulders every morning. I am very 
Good starter glass. Made of lead crystal, Riedel glasses are designed to enhance the full potential of the wine being served. Starting in the 1700 s, the Austrian Riedel family 
Finally, my dogs get to exercise, this is a Godsend!. We have 4 extremely hyper, out of control dogs and live near the woods, so every time we tried to 
It s BIG. Yep, this is a big pan. But when you need something this big, nothing is better that we ve tried  
Razor sharp product!. This sharpener works great, and it is very easy to use. I m buying them for my parents and in-laws now. The clamshell case is plastic, but 
Extremely Pleased. Gorgeous looking set of dishware, all packed securely and arrived in perfect shape. Looks even better then the pictures show. Shipping issues seem to have been cleared up, 
Fabulous Vacuum Cleaner Bags. Great transaction. Fast shipping, geniune Miele bags. Will purchase from this seller again  
Bunnykins. I had a Bunnykins set like this as a child and loved that bowl. I used it until it finally broke when I was away at college. I just 
Clean-Away, Dual Pak, 12 OZ Non-Flammable Duster Spray. This is a good product for cleaning circuit boards and other electronics in areas you shouldn t touch.  
Form and Function for the modern home. This chrome shelf is wonderful for the bathroom but would also work very well in the kitchen, to hold small appliances and clear 
Excellent cookware-more product for the mony. I was very impressed with this cookware. I was a little skecptical about the handles being stainless steel, because I thought they would be 
Also a Cat Toy!. I had a bored, lonely kitten who kept losing his tiny toys, so I got him a 6 Loofa Dog. He loved it -- both to 
No need to spend one cent more. Even though I felt the low price on this cooker was suspect, I thought I would give it a chance. I wasn t 
Not for amateurs. If you are a good cook this is a great tool. I ve worked in many a kitchen that depend on this very slicer. It is lighter 
Low tech, but great custom strength coffee. I ve been using this little one cup coffee maker for years. They used to be so hard to find and it s 
Good Solid Product. It does what it says and it does it well. It s easy to use and performs like a champ. I m very pleased.For some reason Amazon 
Goodbye Slugs, Hello Tomatoes. I have used the Topsy Turvy Tomatoe Planter for 3 seasons now, and will never, ever plant my tomatoes in the ground again. This product is 
Deep bowls for cereal too. Sango stoneware has been great for us for everyday use. Good feel with smooth surfaces including the bottom so it doesn t scratch. I ve 
Awesome Rack. This is the best pot rack!! I love it and is a bargain at that price. The metal is very sturdy, it s attractive, and really holds a 
Worked Great! With a little tweak. I ended up removing the easel back from this to get it to hang flat against the wall, which is what I wanted. Now 
The Greatest Invention!. My six month old son would not eat anything off a spoon or out of a bottle. Finally I tried mixing baby cereal and putting it in 
Cats Like It. Works for me: collects the fur and gets purrs . .  
way cool. These are on sale at my local store for 160.00. The price offered here is fantastic. They come in several colors, the chrome being a bit more expensive 
Kone-tastic. I recently purchased the Kone for use mainly in our kitchen. I have a toodler who is a messy eater and the Kone cleans up her scraps quickly and 
Why buy anything else?. Pros- Easy to change bag. I consider bagless worthless. - Much quiter than my previous Dirt Devil vacuum- Cleans better, too- Inexpensive I paid 40 for 
Great pre-filters. These filters are great and are very easy to install. I live in a house that gets dusty quick even without my 2 Australian Shepherds. I even vacuum 
Housewarming gift... I purchased these as part of a housewarming gift for a friend s new home, and had them shipped to me so I could check & wrap them 
Don t buy if you have small children. This is a nice table. The only problems I ve had after 6 months is that the trim is coming off in 
Henckels--a sharp deal. Excellent quality knives--very sharp--don t cut yourself. Amazon had lowest price around. Delivery was on schedule.Minor annoyance--advertising claims knives are dishwasher safe, but Henckels does not recommend 
bacon press. This is a great bacon press, I have never used one before and we cook lots of bacon so it has come in handy  
Great quality at a great price!. I am SO glad I bought these! These sheets are nice and soft and thick, hold up well to washings with NO color bleed 
I love my dishes. They are as great as you could hope for. I have owned mine over 1 year and am ordering more  
Freestanding Pet Gate, Large. This gate works out great, I have four little dogs and it keeps them off of the patio window and screen  
Product is good; directions lousy. The rack went together w o any problems & is serving its purpose very well. The written directions were VERY poor; however, it wasn t 
Yes!!!. This is a wonderful waffle stick maker. Our grandkids love these waffle sticks. They are the greatest. This is a nice easy machine to clean up and the waffles 
Fantastic. Great blender! I use it daily to make smoothies and it never fails. Powerful motor purees frozen fruits great!! Simple--only two speeds. Easy clean-up  
Harder to break than the others, just takes attention. I agree with Mr. Vasicek s review for the most part, and with the other reviewer below who has mentioned problems 
What a nice little wine rack. It s inexpensive. It can be assembled in minutes a variety of different ways to accomodate whatever space you have available and it is 
Sparkling Clean!. I love my Shark Steamer! I only wish it could suction the water left from the steam, but it cleans wonderfully  
Works great on most odors. I bought two of these to place in the bathrooms. Unlike air fresheners or sprays, this doesn t work immediately. With the windows open, it 
Excellent Griddle - I use it all the time. I wish I had gotten one of these a long time ago. Easily makes 8 pancakes or 4 grilled cheeses. My 
I feel like I stole this grill. When my Mother gave me my birthday present a check I wasn t quite sure what I was going to do with it, 
ice cream maker. I have only used the ice cream maker once, but it seemed to work fine. However, I ended up with very runny, soupy ice cream. That may 
Best value. I ve owned several memory type pillows, and I now own a Sealy TrueForm mattress. NOW I know what these pillows should feel like.This pillow is much closer 
Incredible. I never thought I would write a review about a vacuum cleaner, but I felt compelled to let you know that this machine is wonderful. I am so glad 
Cool !. These glasses look pretty cool and I love having my Martinis in them. Price is reasonable  
I had to add my two cents here. Straight up, I do not own this exact set, but I do own some of the knives in the set. I was 
Awesome helper. Never thought it would make cooking so much more easier. Now I never have to spend time to cut and shred. All you need to do is to 
great crock pot. I m really enjoying this crock pot. What an easy way to cook! It s a beautiful design, different from typical crock pot look, but it is 
Best Toaster. Not only a great looking toaster but works like a charm, and its easy to clean. Which is great with 3 kids. Thank You  
Great toaster oven but this is not a rotisserie. Great toaster oven but this is not a rotisserie. The item title mentions rotisserie but the oven does not have that 
Paper Stack 12 X 12 72 Pad Floral. Great paper. Fantastic Price. Not only did I love it but all the people in my scrapbooking club are enjoying it too. 
Reliable office refrigerator. I bought this refrigerator for my office 5 years ago. We have a tiny kitchen area and this fits easily under the counter. The freezer holds a 
400 thread ct seteen sheet set. These sheets are the most wonderful thing, They offer a very peaceful nights sleep.I highly recommend  
a deal at 5.99. Bought on sale - very pretty. Soft, comfortable, fits well, did not shrink when washed  
Double Old Fashion Sized Glass. This is the perfect glass for everyday. Very sturdy glass, but is not so heavy as to be uncomfortable to hold. I liked these glasses 
This is the extra chime-- product works great!. This is the extra chime that you can purchase if you already have the receiver. I am purchasing another one because it 
Love it. I love this ice cream maker. I ve been making ice cream for years with the ice and salt mess so you gotta know how wonderful this is 
Good Set of Sheets. Well, I have been using the sheet set for approx. 45 days now, it s been through 2 or 3 wash cycles and they up pretty 
GREAT HANGING POT RACK: . I was very please not only with the product once I received it, but the speedy amount of time it took from the time I 
I can t say enough about this little guy... As a sewer for 30 years, some of that time professionally, I can say that this is a great product. No, 
How sweet it is. This product is everything I was looking for. Now only is it great looking, but it is so easy to work with. I would encourage anyone 
My granddog loves it!. This is one sturdy little pig. Our son and his family have a Scottish Terrier and he absolutely loves Pig. The first time he got it, 
Great product. I love all my calphalon pots, pans, and bakeware. Best set I have every owned or used. Even heat, easy clean up, I have never made reductions as 
Really absorbant!. I have 2 chihuahuas that stay at home all day. I used to put down all different kinds of pads on the floor for them, including people bed 
Cosco Chair Stool. My mother-in-law requested a chair stool with a lift-up seat just like the one she purchased 25? years ago. She is 90 years old, can t stand 
Millinnium is a soft touch!. I ordered Millinnium Soft Touch Stainless on a Saturday, it arrived the following Thursday.It is beautiful,perfect weight and love the heat proof handles and lids. 
Pitch the brown bag, this is the lunch box to get. The Built NY lunch tote is a great way to bring along your lunch to work. The neoprene scuba 
Great Pressure Cooker!. I ve used many pressure cookers and this one is the most reliable one!Sturdy, easy to clean and cooks everything quickly & evenly.This 6-quart is a wonderful 
Just Beautiful!. Mikasa French Countryside is beautiful, nicely shaped, and very strong. It s a pleasure to use it every day.  
one Crock that doesn t make me Blue. This is such a cute addition to any kitchen that it doesn t need to serve a useful purpose other than holding 
Easy maintenance for betta. I purchased this for a betta fish, which was a gift for my cats. This model was perfect because the lid screws on, which eliminates any 
You Definately WANT to BUY These Knives!!. I bought these on sale for 14.99 for the set of 4. I bought two sets and I LOVE them. They are very 
A very nice mechanical scale.... I bought this scale because I have many recipes that call for ingredients in weight, rather than amount. I ve also been watching my weight 
Wow!. My Samoyed loves this toy and so far hasn t managed to trash it. Yay! It s sturdy and VERY chewable  
Great white rice but some minor complaints so far. Received the item about a week ago. Used it for only a few things so far. For example used it to:- 
Cup is exquisite and perfectly balanced in saucer. I have this cup and am very satisfied with it. The design is elegant and lovely to say the least. I enjoy 
Fit all my needs......perfectly. Stainless - matches my canisters and other appliances.Handles - so much easier to work with.Big - no need to constantly refill.Pours well - no clogging sticking.Lid 
Amazing. This has enhanced the appearance of my aquarium more than any other item I have bought. The lighting is amazing. I have two pointed at plants, one at the 
Excellent!!! Excellent!!! Excellent!!! Excellent!!!. Wusthof makes excellent knives and this model fully lives up to the famous Wusthof name!!! Cutting through food with this knife makes the phrase cutting a 
Wonderful buy. After reading all the reviews for several different coat racks, this one had the most consistent good reviews than all the others. It s a beautiful honey color, 
I ll be darned ... it works. I bought one of these on a whim when the product launched just before Christmas, 2006. It seemed like a perfect - if 
It s a chair and a toy. I bought the bean bag chair for my nephew s 2nd birthday. The family are big baseball fans and I thought they d 
Big and Rich. Met all expectations. We bought two. Taller that I thought and worked well as long as you kept the chocolate thinned out a bit.Big hit with the 
At last - a reasonable price for this. I ve had my eye on this for a long time, but couldn t justify over one and half thousand dollars for 
Shun Knives are Beautiful, Elegant, and the Sharpest around. The only thing this set is missing is a Serrated Blade. I have the Shun Serrated 9 Bread Knife and although 
calphalon pan. I am so over nonstick--even Calphalons. I have been gradually replacing all my nonstick with uncoated cookware. This Saucepan really rocks. I use it all the time. I 
Works Great Without Wires. Purchased to replace our constantly broken intercom system. Installation is a matter of pushing a button so even I was able to do it and I 
HUGE STAR WARS FAN. My son is a huge star wars fan! He loved this gift! Thank YOU  
I don t understand all the negative reviews. I have owned one of these little wonders for over five years. During that time I have replaced the lightbulb one time, 
Comfy neck pillow. I overheard a flight attendant raving about the Neckbones and also saw it reviewed highly in Shape magazine. I still have not tried it in the car 
The straight poop. We have two little monsters and found out quickly that it is best to separate the two during training. It is a good thing we have two 
Forgotten taste of heaven. Very good unit to make krumkakes. The recipes that ship with the unit are easy to make and taste excellent. In the weeks following the purchase 
love it. I have had this popper for a little over a year now and I love it. It just requires a about a teaspoon of oil. After it is 
Why get a Senseo?. My two year old Senseo broke, so I went shopping to replace it. Now, I ve perfected the art of making my own Senseo pods, so 
Great tea kettle. This teakettle arrived in perfect condition. Very shiny and only needs liquid detergent a paper towel to clean and keep in new condition. It really is almost 
Looks Great!. I love my Le Creuset 1-quart crock in jade! I have it sitting on the counter next to my stove with my utensils in it. It looks great!! 
Great tea infuser!. The Bodum tea infuser is a wonderful item! Whether you are making a cup of tea or a pot of tea, the infuser is easy to use, 
Better than bottled . . . and on your budget!. My main reason was to stop buying bottled water for work & workouts. Using the Excel spreadsheet, I was surprised 
Royal Albert Dinnerware. I am very pleased with the Royal Albert Dinnerware. Amazon s price is very good, much better than the derpartment stores and the quality is very good 
A pleasure to use and a snap to clean. This is the second cuisinart cookware set i have purchased from Amazon. The first i bought for my home and have 
Glad I Bought It. I bought this to hold some of my overflow knives that would not fit into my knife block. It has proven to be very handy.It seems 
Great Cooking Gear. My wife and I first purchased Calphalon Contemporary Nostick cooking gear about a year ago. We both love them. Not only do they cook evenly and quickly, 
Helps me breathe at night !. This item is excellent. Prior to getting this item I would have to open my window a little at night in order to breathe. 
Very nice cotton. Soooooft, yet substantial. Really love these sheets. They re soft and sturdy at the same time. thick enough to withstand lots of washes. Detailing is very nice 
beautiful machine. very happy with the proformance of the processor.made the pizza recipe with it and the dough was done great.the pizza still needs to be worked on lol.all-in-all,fantastic product 
Deep Fryer. I ve had one of these for years. One improvement is the magnetized cord attachment. Otherwise, it s the same good ole reliable deep fryer....much more efficient than 
The best knife I ever have owned. I don t know why the others -- including other hollow-ground santokus -- are still in the house. They don t get any 
Good Product : . This is the first waffle maker that I have purchased, and it has worked very well for me. The annoying bird noise alarm really got on 
Best Machine You Could Buy!. This is the absolutely best coffee maker that I have ever owned. I bought mine 4 years ago, and it still works as well as 
Solve spare bed need. This bed is actually the second of the same product we have purchased. The pump is reliable and long running, will fill the bed more than 
Law Student s best friend. I bought this bookstand at the beginning of 1L after a lengthy search and lots of testing.This bookstand is metal, and it has a rubber 
bacon press. My husband loves it since he cooks all the bacon. He says it cooks flat and crisp  
Huge Canvas Storage Cube. They are an excellant value for the price. They hold alot! However, due to the size they need to have a little more reinforcement to hold 
Best hot water disepenser !!!. This pot is easy to use, convenient, compact, good looking and a great investment  
Good filters, won t last forever though. These are OEM filters that fit my Roomba Discovery just fine. I try to replace them when they start looking really bad once 
Great Bowls. We are very particular about bowls, but I have to say these are fantastic. They actually hold a lot and look great. The only downside is that they 
Works as advertised. I bought this oven about a year ago and I use it several times a week. It s a little slower than a standard toaster, but that 
Great Toaster. I always thought a toaster is a toaster. However, this toaster is solid. It makes perfect toast every time. The one thing I like about it is that 
Fantastic dishes!. Love these dishes - my family has them at our summer cottage original ones of course and that I can buy the reissues for my house, and at 
Wonderful COFFEE!. HA! I turn my nose down at Starbucks. I will never drink that bitter slosh again. I ve had this grinder coffeemaker for a few weeks, and love 
NICE PRODUCT. This is a nice product. It gets the job done. I have to disagree with the one reviewer. The description plainly states that the board is made of 
Love this wok!. This is my first Swiss Diamond piece. I absolutely love it and use it all the time, even when a smaller pan would probably work better. Everything 
the oh soooooooooooo easy rack to clean!!!!. A great product. i will be ordering another.Clean up is a breeze. This product should have been made available years ago.Easy clean up 
Cat Toy. Bought three of the Bada Beam toys. All three cats love it, however they will stop chasing it after awhile because the laser dot moves very quickly and 
hot, fast, and frothy. I saw this at willamson-sonoma and thought would be nice to have in addition to my machine so I could do coffee while frothing and not 
Floor Lamp. Very stylish and elegant looking. It provided justthe decor I was looking for.  
Great cookware. I am extremely pleased with the Anolon cookware set. It cooks evenly and cleans up beautifully.Many of my friends recommended this set and I m glad to have 
I love it. Now I wanna eat waffles everyday. This is the first and only waffle maker I ve ever used. So I don t really have any comparison. So 
Water filter. The water filter is inexpensive and pretty good.. Serves the purpose and light on your pocket..  
Happy owner of this fountain. I love this product and I am very happy that my cat drinks from it without any problem.The price is pretty good.As other reviewer mentioned, 
Great to Give or Receive. I gave this as a Christmas gift and my friend was thrilled with it! Wilton Armetale makes a quality product and Amazon offers it at 
WHO SAYS YOU CAN T FOOL MOTHER NATURE?. I thought that this would just be a fun conversation starter when people visited my garden - it is so much more! 
Great product but buy the three pack. I have been using the scoop free fresh step auto litter box now for over 6 months with no problems of leaking. I 
The perfect sushi knife. This knife is the ultimate in slicing raw fish. The square tip is in the &quot;Osaka style&quot;, which makes it a little more unique than other 
Singer 120 Stitch Super Value Super Product. I am so happy to have this new machine. My old one did not have nearly the functions that this one has. It 
CatStop Works. CatStop works. Cats do everything in their power to not trigger the device. I have found that moving them around keeps the cats off guard. The cat visits 
It s great - it s just not WHITE. All the pieces are great - the sizes, durability, functionality... etc. I ordered to add to some previously purchased pieces - 
Still better than a narrow turner. I agree with the other reviewer, mine has become slightly more curved over the few months that I ve had it. It s not 
floor protection pads for dogs. I have 3 elderly dogs who are finding it harder to not make a mess while we are at work. These pads have been helpful 
Fixed our Problem!. Our two and a half year old son was just potty trained and couldn t quite make it through the night. We had a smaller pad on 
go with old school!. Control the flavor of your popcorn! Kids love to watch it pop! Get rid of that nasty microwave popcorn  
BEST JUICER. I LOVE THIS JUCIER. IT DOES COST A LITTLE MORE BUT WORTH EVERY PENNY...I HAVE USED CHEAPER JUICERS HOWEVER YOU GET MUCH MORE JUICE OUT OF THE CHAMPION.. 
Chantal Tea Pot. Good - didn t drip at all when pouring tea. Good color - bright and nice, clean modern style  
Wine winner. These are simply beautiful glasses. They are every bit as elegant as Reidel, but cost much less. The glass is thin, the shape is elegant, they hold up 
GREAT KNIFE SHARPNER. I bought one of these sharpners for my mom as a xmas present a few years back. I ve had one for a few years and use 
Beautiful dishware. I was so happy to receive the matching platter to my dinnerware. I was even more happy when it fit in my cabinet. I was so worried that 
best we ve found. Of the three or four brands we ve tried, the Simple Solution pads are the best, by far. They re thinner than other pads, so the 
WOW!!!. just got these dishes and I ordered two sets, was really surprised, not one dish was cracked or broken, the colors are nice and the dishes are heavy, not 
Fantastic Deal!. SAME product as sold at williams-sonoma, 40 off! plus, i got free shipping so its an even BETTER deal  
Perfect set for entertaining!!!!. I love this set! Absolutely beautiful! Just wish it didn t cost so much because I need to buy another whole set to have enough for 
Pleasure to use. I am enjoying these knives. I have wondered if I should not have gotten a bigger chef s knife. They do feel good in my hand. Even 
Fabulous santoku - and great for women and those with small hands!. The good reviews sum it up aptly, but I would like to add that after owning a set 
Cute, functional, and sturdy. I bought this step stool chair years ago to use to reach high shelves in my kitchen. We ve used it for 6 years and it 
Works Great!. Decent size, heats up fast, stores easily, has rubber feet to protect furniture, makes clean, neat presses, reduces ironing time significantly  
As Advertised. The Holmes window fan cools quietly and efficiently. The thermostat actually works. The product is adaptable to most windows and is a great buy for the money  
Avante. This seems to be a pretty popular item since it s always out of stock. I finally received mine and have made sandwiches and waffles. The plates are easy 
Perfect. If you re into kitchenware, you ll really enjoy the looks and performance of Calphalon Contemporary cookware. Heavy and durable. First class  
photo frame. I love the digital frame. Once you get use to the buttons you can create albums and personalize each picture. The battery option is great for mobility. Internal 
Great Buy. My husband absolutely loves this tie rack. It s classy and functions perfectly....the ties are easy to hang and don t slip off in his cluttered closet  
Great Lamp, Can t Beat the Price. Assembly took about 3 minutes no tools - just screwing the pieces together . The lamp is very simple, uses up to a 
We use this all the time. I like this grater. It s easy to use and clean. And, nothing is better on salad than freshly grated cheese  
Most versatile pot in the kitchen!. I ve had this pot for a year and it s what I reach for first most of the time anymore. It s size 
Truly amazing. Expensive? Yes! Worth? Definitely! The set is amazingly good. I ve tested drive the knifes against my existing knifes: there is a grand canyon of difference.PS: The knife 
good duvet. I bought Ivory.I thougt it is just normal and look simple.But many friends said feel so good. and look good. one of my friends she bought the same 
Head Over Heals for this Treat. My dog is simply crazy about these treats. But what is really nice about them is that they are fairly healthy as well. Since 
Professional Skill Knife - Not for the amateur. This is an excellent knife but not for the amateur. It is designed to open an oyster from the side by sliding 
Butter Keeper. I really like the fact that it keeps the butter fresh at room temperature but it s kind of messy trying to get soft butter into it  
Just what I was looking for... The shot glass is for a bar and was marked in measurements. The price was right. It was a gift and was a perfect 
Works for me!. Its amazingly quiet considering whats happening to those poor little beans...It gives me just the grade of grind I need for my espresso machine to get a 
So far so good. I love the size and look of this can. A friend of mine has one with a slow closing lid and I actually like hers better 
Man, what is with all these bad reviews on this tea kettle?. These are some fussy, fussy reviewers.First things first. The topper of this kettle is NOT plastic. Maybe the 
Best in every way and 34.99 on Amazon! Don t pay more!. Small footprint big capacity high quality glass jar. Relatively QUIET but crushes ice thoroughly. Does not SPIT liquids 
Patton High Velocity Fan has great power and endurance!. I have owned a similar Patton fan for many years now and it has run 24 7 many a day to 
2 Years and Going Strong. I ve owned my Pur dispenser for two years now. I certainly recommend it as a cost saving device. Our city water tastes terrible, but 
Very nice shot glasses. I love this glasses, actually I bought the whole set of this style of glasses, white wine, red wine, martini, water and shot glasses they have 
soft and yummy. this duvet set is soft and easily launderable. looks great and feels even better. fits over my overstuffed down comforter  
Terrific product. I originally started using Feliway on recommendation of my vet. One of my cats had torn a claw completely off, and her sibling responded with territoriality and aggression 
Quality and Completely Idiot Proof. I m completely satisfied with this product. This product is far better than some lower end items available. It s worth the extra money  
You Are What You Drink...er...Something Like That. What I ThinkI started thinking about juicing a couple of years ago. Over time I did a little reading on the internet but 
Yum!. I love sleeping in this cloud of comfort! Total decadence, and I ve never slept better in my life. Hint: fluff it up every day, like a giant pillow 
Why I have ordered this item?. White Fiesta Ware in white and the 4 piece configuration, is not easy to find. I had 10 place settings, accumulated through the years. 
Great Machine. I bought this a few weeks ago, works just like it says and I could not be happier. I have two girls in the house 11 and 12 
Makes a great cup of Coffee. This is one great Coffee maker for the price. Espresso temperature isn t too hot, but the cappucino maker is fantastic. The instructions are 
Essential Knife for Home Chefs. While hefting a cook s knife with a 10-inch blade can take a bit of practice, I recommend this size for everyone except those who 
Revere 12 inch non-stick skillet. I absolutely love this pan! It is big and deep and no matter what you want to cook in a non-stick skillet, this one does 
You ll never buy yogurt as good as home made!. I ve had this for about a year now and even though I don t always use it one a 
Replacement filter. This air purifier does help keep the rooms that we use them in cleaner. It does purify the air. By changing the filters, we can see the difference. 
Great for commercial use. Build tough and it lasts. The plastic ones don t compare. It is an excellentproduct for restaurant use. Cannot beat metal. In use for over 1.5 
Almost perfect. This loaf pan makes beautiful bread, but the bottom is a bit narrow and widens toward the top at a greater angle than other loaf pans, so the 
Very pretty!. Much nicer than the picture. Design is more subtle and delicate, and the handle on the lid is adorable  
I love these filters!. What can I say -- aquarium enthusiasts know that it s easy to forget the type of filter you re using unless it gives you trouble. 
From Limping to Limber. My 13-year-old cat was limping for a few days, off and on, and my vet said it was probably arthritis. A friend had told me that 
I love this cover. I wanted something that would make my bed look like a hotel room bed and this cover achieved that. My bed looks great! The cotton is 
Made teaching &quot;clean up&quot; much easier!. I purchased this for my 2 year old daughter on her birthday As much a gift for me as her! She is now learning 
Beautiful gravy boat set!. I do like this gravy boat with the lovely platter! However it does have a couple of minor flaws, which is why I gave it 4 
Best Can Opener Ever!. I had all but given up hope on electric can openers until I bought this one. You can tell when you pick it up that it 
Great little heater. This is a great little heater, we use it to heat up our basement office in the winters.  
Great glasses!. We have been using Riedel crystal wine glasses and still do on occasion with the handful that we have left , but I finally decided to buy Spiegelau 
Excellent purchase. My wife was very pleased with the tangerine fiesta ware! She now has two sets of it and plans on purchasing more.  
Heaven!. I purchased the Chiropractic Neck Dogbone, Pillow, and it came very quickly. I haven t had any neck problems since purchasing the Dogbone Pillow! It s a must for 
furi knives. The knives were great. The best I ever used. They are well balanced and very sharp  
Very nice. Wood knife block was one of the better ones, better then we have seen in the brick and mortat store  
Attractive, sturdy, excellent product. I couldn t have been more pleased with this product. The rack is made of nice, attractive wood, the hardware is strong and sturdy, the shipping 
I have three. My wife and I discovered the Pump and Grind Pepper Mill several years ago, and have found it to be a wonderful tool for the kitchen and 
Great. Well, Now I don t have to dig for the corn holder, they lock together. Easy to find in the drawer now and I throw them in the dishwasher 
Hide-A-Toy Squirrel. My 2 year old Miniature Pinscher loves to burrow and dig and I thought this would be a good toy for her. She is also notorious for literally 
The Best Kitchen Scissors!!!. The scissors I purchases were a hostess gift. I spent a week with my friend and she was using some old, worn-out scissors.I had received my 
Henkles great quality!. I purchased this as an addition to my already huge Henkles and Wustoff knife collection. I have the shears and love them so I figured why not 
Mario Batali 5-piece Measuring Prep Bowl Set. Every kitchen should have a set of these measuring bowls. I gave them to all my family for gifts and they love them, 
Excellent Value. I ve been using my Zojirushi carafe for about a month now, and I believe it s awesome. Like the other reviews here note, it keeps your beverage 
The Best Spice Rack. This is the best spice rack I ve ever owned. I filled the jars with the spices I use most. It is compact and looks good 
Great for Most people that truly enjoy port. I bought this set of glasses as a gift for my boyfriend, who loves to drink port. I thought the glasses might 
Red Soup Tureen. This soup tureen and bowls are the greatest. I use them a lot, and just throw them in the dishwasher. Great value  
Great product!. This is a quality product, perfect for cooking for 1-3 people smaller families, college students, etc. . I highly recommend it. It is so easy to use and 
very good. i ve only used it a few times. i bought it when it was on sale for 35 dollars. very good for the price. i m sure there 
Very Good. I love these spoons..The writing doesn t come off like some spoons I ve used in the past. It also has 1 2 TBSP which I was looking 
I heart mine!!!. I love my Polder Stainless-Steel Paper Towel Holder with Spring-Loaded Arm. I ve had one in my kitchen for about two years now, and it has become 
Cuisinart Mixer. Sturdy little mixer with a lot of power. Best hand mixer I ve ever purchased. I always buy those low end basic models. This is just a few 
Indestructble. I have 2 mini-dachshunds who love to chew and destroy squeaky toys. I ve gone through countless toys with them, most only lasting a day or two. Never has 
Not just for spices!. We ve used this product for 14 years & 2 homes, and now need to replace it... Pretty good wearability at that rate, but it s 
A little expensive, but man does it make knives sharp!. I was a little nervous about spending this much on a sharpener. Now that I have had it a few 
Great Gift!. Nice size, nice color and just a very nice usable teapot for a change. Keeps water hot just as advertised. Mother-in-law is enjoying it a lot  
Amazingly simple. My sister gave me one as a gift and my first thought was great, a cheap plastic corkscrew, this won t last. That was several years ago. After 
A little jewel. Because the thermostat went out on my big oven, and because it was too expensive to repair right now, I had to have a real oven for 
easy enough to operate. yes, easy to make, but some problems with the recepies in the book and on the web. sometimes pizelles stick to the plates, but when using 
PROBLEM WITH BREAKING HOUSING FIXED!!!. After reading some of the reviews here, I was concerned about buying this cleaner, even though it seemed to be exactly what I was looking 
Unique Glasses. These are very heavy feeling, nice looking glasses. Best of all since they are shipped by Amazon they are also elgible for free shipping no filler for you 
I love this coffee maker!. I m not all that picky when it comes to the quality of my coffee, but even I have to admit that this product makes 
Advanced & Delicious. This Coffee Maker does everything but its pretty complicated; so if you don t have the patience to read the directions and learn how to operate it, 
Love It Love It Love It!!!. I absolutely love this machine! The selection of coffees and teas is wonderful. I am a tea drinker, primarily Engish Breakfast and Chai latte, 
Pomerantz Cherry 7-Piece Salad Set. Very lovely! It will accompanying any table service nicely! Amazon did well in getting the set to me in a very timely manner. Completely happy 
Swiss Style Grill Review. My wife and I lived in Germany for four years and got very used to the dinner environment in Europe...later meals, spending hours at the table 
I love this whetstone!. This is a great buy if you need sharp knives. I am a line cook and use the stone about once a week. It doesn t 
OK... : . Heavy duty, well made... but BEWARE, it can t be used on a flat cooktop i.e. ceramic . Decided to keep it anyway, will use in the 
Solid product, easy assimilation for our fat cat. The last review was great. I ll try to restrict this to additive comments.Pros:- the five food chambers are deep; our fat 
Love It!. Cooks great..cleans easily! I ve used the really expensive stuff and it is no better than the Lodge. Why pay over 200 for the same size pot? You 
Heavy Duty Clothing Rack. If you are looking for a heavy duty garment rack, this is it. I purchased the first one to free up closet space and I just 
great vac. The Black and Decker Hand Vac is the best vac that I have ever had. With the many attachments I can do anything that I need to do. 
pistoulet. Another wonderful piece from the Pfaltzgraff Pistoulet collection. Perfect size for water. A must have if you are collecting this dinnerware  
pretty. I used this skillet for the first time and it was great. I love cast iron but the enamel coating sure made this easier to use. It cleaned quickly 
Stockpot well worth the money. I used the stockpot only once and was quite pleased with its performance. It cooked well and cleaned up well. It was well worth the 
Bark Control Miracle. Our barker stopped immediately after we put his collar on him, and continued to be quiet and docile for a while even after we removed it. We 
Simple but effective design. The quality of this gadget is quite good, nice plating on the metal. I tried it with a few decanters and they all sit securely on 
It s wonderful. I saw Ming Tsai using a pepper grinder like this and decided I would buy one of each. My hands will no longer turn stiff grinders so 
Works great. If you want shaved ice, this is a bargain. Uses the molds or cubes. We use it all the time  
just what I needed. This is just what I was looking for. I use it for the few dishes that don t make it in to the dishwasher, but mostly 
It broke & we still love it. We have had this unit for 6 months and we really enjoyed it. It makes a great cup of coffee, it is easy 
Does liquids well. I ve only had mine for a little over a week, but I ve already used it for chopping, slicing, and lots of pureeing.The unit is sturdily 
We Love It. We love this item. It has made everyday a little brighter. I use regular 6 bags chocolate chips from the store with about 1 1 4 cup 
Queen 12 with 5 of Therapeutic Memory Foam Mattress. It s pretty comfortable, but what new mattress isn t? The foam-memory material takes a little getting used to. I generally 
High quality for low dollars. The cookset is wonderful. I ve seen cooksets like this for more money. The Calphalon set makes cooking much more fun. Working with quality cookware 
2 Simple Instructions TO MAKE IT WORK PERFECTLY. : 1. You MUST keep water in the bowl; 2. DO NOT COVER THE METAL DISC WITH WATER since the grooved surface 
This is great!. Love this waffle maker - it s the first one I ve ever owned - so I have nothing to compare it to though. No issues with 
Nice Toaster. Bought this toaster after attempting to find a decent one local. Most everything at the local big boxes was basically junk. Thought I would try this toaster based 
Very good Humidifier. Have it since about 6 months. Used it a lot. The display is too bright at night, there should be auto adjust. The handle of the tank 
Great towel!. My husband and I have really enjoyed this product. They are very soft and a good sized towel  
awesome cat raker!. These things work great for very furry cats that shed a lot. :-  
Get the right filter!. This is the filter that fits the Krups FME2-14 12 cup coffee maker. It does not say this and the other filter description states that it 
Magnificent aroma. This is a very beautiful flower which has wonderful aroma. I am very satisfied with this purchase and highly recommend it to all people who value charming plants. 
Sharp. I have found these knifes to be economical and very easy to sharpen with about 5 or 6 strokes of my steel. They are well constructed and have a 
Yet another Dyson review?. So many people have reviewed this product that I initially felt it was unnecessary. But now that I ve had more time to use mine, I 
Works well and fairly bright. We ordered 4 of these and they are great for the hallways at night. You don t have to stumble around looking for the light 
6 years and still loving it!. I chose Mikasa s Italian Countryside 6 years ago when I got married. I have been using it continuously this entire time and have 
Excellent Bed --lasted about 40 nights. I have to give the AeroBed a good review, since it is so very comfortable. I ve used it about 40 times in the 
Alton Brown, Good Eats tool. Good tool. Really tight to use at first but does loosen up  
Fantastic Frother that is used Daily!. This is a very useful rechargeable compact frother machine. It takes up little space and is always ready to be used for making perfect 
Convenient !. This is beautiful Mixing Bowl ! And this is convenience for all cooking and it is easy to clean this. I think everyone will be satisfied  
Plates Are Good, thats about it. I bought these during an amazon one day sale for 35, me and my girlfriend are soon looking to get our own place and 
Weak Accessory Kit. I ve had this vac for about 4 months and the pros are:1. Fabulous suction as promised, with 2 cats and a dog our hair problem is 
Excellent Starter All Purpose Wine Glass. These glasses are as functional as they are beautiful. Well ballanced and comfortable in the hand. They are the first glass to buy to 
Like you re at the fair. Cooks hotdogs quite well and fairly quick.Sharp looking too  
Excellent product. I have had this product for over a year and the bulb just burned out. No cord problems, ever. I use it every night in bed and it 
This is our first food processer. This is our first food processor. Did a lot of looking before making this purchase. It s easy to use and clean. Made Salsa 
great product. I love my new cooker!! I have been a Presto fan for a number of years having bought a canner several years ago from the Presto plant outlet 
A slice of life!. I put-off buying a slicer like this because I had heard they were a problem to operate, lacked power and were difficult to clean. Then I 
Amazing. I bought a Scooba after I purchased my Roomba. They both work so well together that not only is my house cleaner but my asthma has went down as 
So far so good. I love the idea of the Braun clean & renew system, and so far it has been really good. The self cleaning works great, so far 
tend skin. my husband swears by this product. it has reduced his ingrown hairs on his neck drastically  
All-Clad Petite Braiser Pan. It won t take a thousand words to say that this is truly the finest pan I own! If I had to choose just one pan 
Can you be in love with a vacuum?. I bought this vacuum as we ripped out our old carpet on the 1st floor and put in hardwoods. I was looking 
Wow, what a deal. I am not a waiter that serves wine, an overseas traveler, or a wine expert. I am just a Joe Schmo that was looking for a 
review of product. I am well pleased with this coffee pump. l It is my second one. The first unbreakable on broke and I immediately re-ordered.  
Bangin Hair and Beautiful Water. It does sound like the people that had technical problems didn t slow down and follow the directions. I moved a few exits down the 
westies like it!. We have two westies at home and my mom and I bought them this toy at a dog show this summer, westies are terriers and love the 
Works great if you know the trick!. My fiance bought this coffee maker at Wal-Mart on sale. It worked flawlessly for a week or two. Then I thought it would 
No problems here. I ve had this dutch oven for over a year now and have had no problems with it. I use a ceramic glass cooktop if that makes 
Excellent purchase. Got fondue pot Friday for my birthday and all we ate was fondue all weekend. Heated chocolate quickly and kept it just right and same with cheeses. We 
A well thought out design. I had been looking for a wine chiller that didn t require the addition of ice or water and that included some sort of automatic 
wonderful product. With this collar my puppy was trained in a matter of about 5-6 sprays. She would always dig outside and as soon as she started to dig I 
Perfect for 4-slice toaster ovens. Great for cooling toast and waffles; also useful if you need to meet that 25 minimum for free shipping - it was only a few 
Fabulous. This rug is exactly what we wanted! The quality and price are unbeatable! At other places, this rug costs hundreds more. I d order another one if I had 
Flannel Sheets. These sheets turned out to be the best flannels that I have purchased to date. Other sets that I have bought have gotten pilly , so far these 
3 years later, the grind and brew is still great. I ve had the grind and brew for almost 3 years, and have never had any problems. It makes great 
Good choice. I really like this cooker. Initially I planned to use it for cooking large quantities of ingrediients such as brown rice, garbanzos and soybeans to freeze in recipe-sized 
It s a wine rack. This was not my first choice since the one I wanted became unavailable. However this does meet my needs but still was my second choice. 
Hot Dogs without the drive. Great hot dog warmer, We will never boil a dog again, Easy to clean is a plus,Paul aka Sport  
Great for the price. Buying it on sale for thirty bucks made this a good deal. I would NEVER have paid the full price for it, but this is a 
Cuisinart Hand Mixer. This mixer was well rated in Consumer Reports. It does a great job and has all the power you need. The only thing I don t like 
great stuff. I love this stuff. it works for staub too. I was having a hard time getting the baked on stuff out of the bottom of my staub pot 
Love this canner!. I purchased this canner because after doing much research this was the perfect canner for me. I have 2 large 18qt canners that I can vegetables and 
Metal 5 -Tier Storage unit-Gray. I love it, it was easy to assemble and very sturdy too, I am looking forward to purchasing another one soon, you will not be 
Rival S12P 12-Inch Electric Skillet. This skillet is a decent value for the money. Works well; cleans easily. The purchase and shipping process was speedy and efficient from my perspective 
awesome. My product was received in a timely manner and in great condition. It was exactly as described and an utter delight that it was just what I needed. No 
Thomas and Friends Full Comforter and Sheet Set. Love this the fit was great. My Grandson is very happy with his new room. Will shop agian  
Great knife. I purchased this for my wife. A hundred bucks for a knife insane! Until you use it. I think this is worth the money. My wife says is 
It pleased the pooch. I was surprised at the sturdiness of this stroller. It was easy to assemble and my pooch jumped in before I could finish putting the wheels 
Fresh and springy dishes. I love this pattern. So fresh and springy. It brings a beautiful brightness to my table  
Perfect for french onion soup!. I only bought 2 and now wish I d purchased 8. They are heavy and appear very durable. The lid is fairly thick and has 
great product!. I bought this for a friend---and she uses it CONSTANTLY! Perfect idea for a gift.  
Works fine. The egg cooker works just fine. I am at high altitude so I adjusted the water measure for more cooking time. I like the buzzer so you do 
10 star price 3 star quality 5 star Comfy. I have had this set for about 2 months now. It looks great, and for the price I am thrilled with 
T-Fal is the greatest invention since white bread. I love my new T-fal cookware. I only wish it had a glass lid for the 5qt cooker  
GREAT!!!!!. The dual baskets are a great way of pleasing everyone. You can use 1 basket to fry your items crispy and the other basket for light frying to please 
Kettle. I like the kettle. I use it in the office with water from a filter pitcher. It boils the water fast and automatic switch off makes it very convenient.The 
Content. Could not find anywhere local. Order was filled and sent more rapid than expected  
A must-have for backpackers. Unlike many of the other reviewers, I am using the Nesco FD-1010 dehydrator not as much for jerky, fruit and other solid items, but for one-pot 
Nice looking and durable. I ve had the Nova Blue full set for years. No problems. And when I break a plate, I can easily find a replacement.Boot  
Good for the money. Overall a nice product, but I have noticed that this flatware seems to get more &quot;spotty&quot; in the dishwasher than my previous set. Also, a few 
Not too shabby. Bought this and have had it about a week or so. My bed was pretty comfortable before, but my guest room has a pillow-top mattress and I 
Happy with purchase. Received ontime and in like new condition, works well and we like it alot  
Excellent Value. These bowls are deep, great for chili and soups. They are sturdy and seem to hold up to everyday wear in a busy household. My only reservation is 
A bit too large. For my use its a tad too large in diameter. However, it s everything most Calphalon products claim. A good buy for the money  
Starwars Comforter. my son loves starwars! the comforter comes as a completion to the bedding set with sheets and pillow case. It is great. A must have for any star 
Comforter is really cool. THe product is really nice. My only concerns are that I d hoped the sheet matched the really cool picture on the comforter, but that s 
Very nice product. Press works very well. I need a shirt pressed everyday, and this product does the job great. Saves me a lot of time. The only reason I 
Great Unit. Much the same as one I owned over twenty years ago. Why fix change the design if it doesn t need changing fixing . The only difference between 
Nothing Fancy, but functional. I ordered this yarn for a net ring project and am happy with the price, convenience and quality of using this yarn. It is a durable 
Very stylish. I have some Fiesta Wear in another color and am always very happy to mix and match. This teapot is great for when people come over and I 
Relatively accurate. I bought one of these for my girlfriend... THEN read the reviews! In my opinion it appears to work fairly well. The sensitivity switch needs to be adjusted 
Excellent Product, Brightens Apartment. I had the problem in my apartment of too many dark corners. This lamp was an excellent solution. I didn t have any problems setting it 
Beautiful versitile lamp. I bought 2 of these lamps for my family room. I had ceramic lamps that were knocked over twice and broken. So I thought I would try 
Great bowls. These bowls have been in my home for a few years now. We have used them for cereal in the morning for warming up food in the microwave. 
Great Knives. I ve owned them little less than a year and they still work great. They look very modern and sleek and it really cuts slices well  
Size Perfect!. I ordered 2 of these packet sugar caddy pieces. One in orange and the other one in yellow my husband and I use different brands of sweeteners . 
Works better than expected. I was leary but desperate when I purchased this item the cats kept messing on our sofa and the cleaning bills were getting outrageous . This 
Great Vacuum. After setting up the vacuum and turning it on. Even without the brush on nor moving it from the upright position. I saw it starting to suck dust 
A little twitchy. I purchased this scale for my wife to use while we were travelling. She uses a food scale for portion control and wanted to have a scale 
Oster Milkshake maker. I purchased this Oster Milkshake maker for my son-in-law for Christmas. He had owned an inferior one with plastic parts & it broke. This maker is made 
Useful and Pretty. These bowls look so pretty on a table with the rest of my chutney dishes and I can use them to cook things like vegetables in the 
It looks wonderful on the Kitchen table. We use this to serve ice water at meals. It is so beautiful. It holds a full 2 qts. Not much else to 
Wonderful tool!. I recently purchased the flip and fold and am extemely happy with it. As my husband said, Our clothes have never looked better. It does everything the ad 
Good but not like the cast iron products. lets face it we all can t be great at everything. Le Creuset does the cast iron thing really, really well. The 
Sango Nova Blue Ceramic Spoon Rest. Great! I love it!! Goes great with my kitchen  
Perfect Chilli bowl!. I just love Fiestaware and this is the perfect chili bowl! It is a great size for chili or soup! The quality is fantastic adn the price 
No such thing. There is no such thing called carbon iron for woks. Check out the book called the Breath of the Wok , It ll tell you all about 
6 at a time waffle iron. this is a great waffle iron. I am so very pleased with it and so is my family. I have had other waffle irons 
Great pan - great price. Cooks nicely, non-stick performs well, great new shape. Very satisfied customer! The cherry cheesecake recipe included is good, too. Hint: use recipes for 10-in round 
wedding cake cookie cutters. The cookies were amazing. I really liked using these cutters. They came 5 days earlier which was perfect since I was doing them for bridal shower 
Old Dutch Half Round Pot Rack, Chrome. Very pleased. Item arrived fast, packed well, assembled fast and looks great on the wall. Great price for this item. Holds all that 
Heavy with no noticeable wear after a year... I am in love with this cookware line. The weight is great that is, very heavy , I ve never experienced any 
great dehydrator. I bought this item as a means to deal with the overabundance of produce coming out of my garden!!! I have dried tomatoes, apples, apricots, peppers, and made 
A great starter piece or addition to your Le Creuset collection. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other products. Le Creuset casts these cooking 
great griddle. I searched forever to find the right sized griddle for our stovetop gas range. I didn t want a two-sided cast iron camp griddle , nor did I 
Worked for a year and then broke. We use this in our baby s room and it has worked fine through two winters so far. The water filter is a 
the best darn space heater, EVER. i consider myself a space heater pro. i have tried so many heaters and only this one, this year, has been worthy of a 
bargin fan. i am still trying to figure out how this fan and the other honeywell fan differ other than this is 24.99 and the other is 39.99 . mine 
Great flatware for the price!. First, I did not purchase this flatware from Amazon. I purchased it from our local Kohl s. It was on sale clearance for 15. I 
I LIKE it. I ve discovered if I wet the infuser just before adding the tea the smaller particles expand and less tea dust falls through. This infuser is easy 
X Tra Nice. I am very pleased with my new Stainless Steel Mixing Bowl Set.It is easy to clean, easy to use and looks great too. It does an especially 
How s THIS for a multi-tasker, Alton Brown?. With this early Christmas present from my loving wife, I can weigh the dry ingredients for our weekly batch of Belgian waffles, 
Review of one touch can opener. We are very pleased with this item and tried to purchase another just like it but you were out of them at the time 
Shamrock rocks!. These mugs were gorgeous... nice and big to fill up with cocoa after being out in the snow! The color is beautiful - a little darker than the 
Loving it and so are my guests. I learned of Raclette while living in Germany several years ago and found upon return to the States, that they were no where 
Lazy cat now playful. I just recd Da Bird in the mail today and my cats are going crazy for it. they never usually play together and they were today 
A great kettle but i got it for less. i m a regular amazon customer but i got this kettle for less at bed bath beyong with a 20 coupon 
An awsome product!. For weeks I was trying to think of how I would get my dog to tell me when he wanted to go out. THis did the trick 
Extremely Satisfied. This is a very good product. It is exactly as it is pictured and described; clear,insulated, unbreakable, and does not leave a ring on your table. The company 
YEA,IT S WORTH THE PRICE. if you had asked me about paying this kind of price for a coffee maker several months back,i would have said you were crazy.after having 
Just the right size and well made. This stainless steel stock pot is just right for those of us who can t fit our favorite soup recipes into a dutch 
great. This is a great set!! No problems...Easy to wash and leaves no rust stains from the dishwasher like most other flatware  
Very nice, but not as pictured. A very nice spoon but it s a &quot;slotted&quot; spoon -- not a solid spoon as in the picture  
Nice and big!. I cook alot so I get quite a bit of use out of the splatter screen. This one is much better than the old fashioned metal plastic 
My favorite timer ever. This great little timer has an alarm you can really hear! It s versatile, with an hours minutes or minutes seconds selection, and stands alone, clips 
Hercules Hooks. Works as advertised.Can not be used if wall stud is directly behind use point.At roughly 1 per hook, a hammer and nail makes moresense  
gorgeous sheets for so cheap!. i bought these sheets for about 20. 400tc, egyptian cotton queen size sheets for 20! what an awesome deal--my sheets were a steal, but these 
wonderful vacuum for wife!. I just brought this for my wife. She loves it!Pros:-light weight-looks good!-good suction power-adjustable suction power-comes with power nozzel, its normally a 50 dollar option on 
Wonderful mixer!. This is an absolutely wonderful mixer. I can even talk on the phone while using it it is so quiet. I bought it after reading the reports on 
I love it. I love this cat house. My cat loves to hide, so I usually use it as house wihout holding it. When she sleeps, she always go inside 
Beautiful Dishes!. I love these! I wanted them for a long time, had them on my favorites from BHG, but when I finally went to purchase them they no longer 
Law Student s best friend. I bought this bookstand at the beginning of 1L after a lengthy search and lots of testing.This bookstand is metal, and it has a rubber 
Great Toaster Oven. After several weeks of use, I am very pleased with this purchase. Toast is always perfect, and frozen pizzas fit with room to spare. Baked potatoes are 
Nice Sheets. soft smooth silky wonderful sheets, they havent left my bed except to be washed since I got them.  
Quite possibly the best thing since slice bread!!. This is the best pan for the price, you cant get better pan then this. iT COOKS EGGS GOOD. asp[ecialy in the 
simple, elegant, cheap for a coffee mug . This mug combines the best elements of a thermos with a more traditional travel mug. When sealed, it does not leak and 
Wonderful mixer!. This is an absolutely wonderful mixer. I can even talk on the phone while using it it is so quiet. I bought it after reading the reports on 
sharp sharp sharp. very good knife, althrough the Hollow Ground was a big deal.But to me 8 inch chief is too big.  
Springform Pan. This was a great experience. The product was just as described. I would purchase from them again  
cuisinart 7-speed hand mixer. While I ve only used it once so far, it has lived up to Cuisinart high quality reputation and a very good product value for the 
Perfect for the holidays. This mixer works very well, surprised how well it compares to other more expensive machines.  
These filters also fit Hamilton Beach Air Cleaner Model 04150. Although it doesn t mention it, these filters also fit the Hamilton Beach Air Cleaner Model 04150. I had to 
You ll like this one. I stumbled accross this neat little item on Amazon and it is just what I ve been looking for. Keeps soft butter fresh and at 
Great Wine Saver product. Need the Swissmar wine pump to go with these wine stoppers. Have tried other wine stopper vac sets and this is my favorite one.  
A Versatile Kitchen tool. I have just ordered my third 2 cup Wonder Cup. I like it because it makes it possible to measure odd sizes 1 8 cup, 4 
Durable and looks great. I am very pleased with this 7 piece set. I was able to put the table and chairs together in one afternoon using the included instructions 
Excellent pot rack. This pot rack works great, however, we hung it upside down from what the picture shows. This way it is much more solid, attached to the wall 
Excellent Dehydrator. I received this for Christmas and haved used it daily since. The beef jerky is outstanding and only takes a few hours to make from start to finish. 
Why buy any other Wine Opener?. I have purchased several wine openers over the years. All of them had issues, except this one. Easy and fast, this wine opener is 
Works as expected. I ve had these batteries in my dogs collar and they have worked just fine as far as I can tell. He hasn t escaped at all 
get exactly what you pay for. This decanter is perfect for everyday use if you drink a lot of wine - it s great for us because we don t 
doggy crate. Great bargain for the price. Similar items in the stores for much more. Easy assembly! Bottom tray slides in and out for easy clean up. Sturdy composure  
Beautiful Accent Piece. I recieved this from my husband after he got it as a gift at a Secret Santa Party. It is a really beautiful set and all the 
cat tree. my daughter s cat absolutely loves this tree. She plays for hours at climbing and batting the balls around  
Great Value. Great value and product. 2 carafes for one price. They work great  
Rich looking. Very pleased with purchase. Only drawback was waiting over 2 weeks for delivery  
Chris from Atlanta, GA. Great piece, easy to build with clear instructions. All parts were in tact with nothing damaged. Only took about 1 hour to put together and looks 
Not worth the money. Can t change the score, but should be 2. First perspective that got the 4 rating: Love the bowls. Feel a bit ripped by the price. 
Very pleased. I like having everything mathing my dishes to set a table. The lasagna pan came broken and Amazon.com promptly replaced it for me. I am very happy with 
Nice pillow to cuddle with. Very nice pillow to cuddle with for the money . I wouldnt spend more than 7- 8 on one but at 3 they are a 
Easy Baby. Have to disagree with the other reviewer here ... I purchased a Baby biOrb recently for my new Betta, after having my first betta living in an airless 
5 shelf storage unit. I just purchased a second unit. I went together easily. I did not have any problems with assembly and did not receive any cuts while assembling 
Great Fiestaware Deal. Product arrived packed very well and quality was outstanding !Would definetely order again  
Just what I wanted. This carafe is inexpensive and keeps the liquid hot for at least 12 hours. The only problem was that it had scratches and little stains on 
I love this!!. Perhaps like you, I love silicone. This large spatula is quite nice. You can do anything with silicone. You can fry, poach, make soups, and there is 
A very useful product!. If you believe in preping ingredients before you cook, as I do, these bowls are extremely handy, particularly as they each have a line inside that 
Chemex Unbleached Square Coffee Filter. Excellent Product at a reasonable price. The unbleached Chemex coffee filters provide a more pure coffee flavour without adding a chemical taste to the brew 
Fiestaware canister. It s Fiesta ware what s not to love! Couldn t find this one anywhere else  
Memories. My mother had a set of Franciscan Apple dinnerware as I was growing up, though I never thought too much about what I was eating off of at the 
Perfect Gourmet Pizza. I have made pizza at home for years, tried regular old aluminum cookie sheets, clay pizza stones and now finally this All Clad soapstone. It is far 
New Step-Stool. Love this new step-stool. It opens and closed very easily unlike our previous one that was very difficult  
None My Size, Rats!. 4 out of my 8 cats love it, and of those 4 who do, for 2 of them it is one of their favorite places to 
These HEPA filters also fit the Hamilton Beach Air Cleaner Model 04152. Although it doesn t mention it, these HEPA filters also fit the Hamilton Beach Air Cleaner Model 04152. 
Great Garbage Can !!!. It s great I had another one that broke but this a great size and the bag stays securley in place! And my 2yr old does 
Great Pan Handler. This is very useful....when you remember to use it. The product is excellent and has helped a great deal but usually sits in a drawer  
Good Quality. I was really pleased with this set of pan. They are a wonderful weight and quality. I ve had perfect results everytime I ve used them.  
HERE s YOUR VALENTINE SOLUTION #1 . . . Sometimes the stress of choosing the perfect gift is just too much. So whether Valentine s Day is looming OR a 
MUY BONITO. SOY COLECCIONISTA DE CERDITOS, TENGO DE TODAS FORMAS, TAMAOS Y COLORES, ESTE ESTA LIND  
Great products and excellent customer service. My order arrived in a timely fashion as promised however when I opened the carefully packed box the glass funnel in my `Wine For 
Not just for documents!. I use these boxes stacked on my bookshelf to store projects I am working on. The colors are nice, the boxes are an almost but not 
Love this bakeware. This makes baking so much easier, things just pop right out. The light weight and noiselessness of the product make this a real winner. Baking just keeps 
Good cheap crystal. That s it. It s a good cheap crystal set. Glasses are heavy and thick and they do feel a little bit bulky, but they look just 
Great product, speedy delivery. I am very pleased with both the product and the merchant. The delivery was prompt, and the rice cooker arrived in perfect condition. This is the 
LOVE THAT ROOSTER. THESE DISHES ARE BEAUTIFUL. THEY REALLY BRIGHTEN UP OUR MORNINGS. THEY ARE CHEERFUL, CASUAL AND COLORFUL. WE LOVE THEM  
Nice touch, but color might fade. I just purchased one set of this sheet. The touch is nice. But I didn t expect the color fade. I put the detergent 
Portable Wind Tunnel. This fan is really powerful. If you want more than a gentle breeze, this bad boy is for you. It will cool off a hot room quickly. 
Great Lamp. It s easy to assemble, sturdy and very bright. There are three levels of lighting brightness which is nice for different tasks. It s also nice to be 
Recon Kitchen Aid Stand Mixer. Great product and something I had always wanted. This one was factory reconditioned and looks and works just like new. The plus factor here is 
My weapon of choice. In my Kitchen, this 10 inch Global chef s knife is the weapon of my choice. Throughout my amateur chef years cooking at home for my 
Advertised but said not available. Do not advertise if not available. Have been looking for this product for soom time. My sister ruined the one I had. You advertised this 
Dirt you never knew you had!. Wow, does this machine get out the dirt! I went over an area of my carpet that I d just cleaned with my old 
Very nice! A !. I have recently become a Wusthof addict! I can t seem to get enough of the Wusthof Classic line. I was thrilled when I saw this 
A good skillet. Good ol Revere stainless steel skillet. Not too heavy, decent balance, and nooo non-stick coating to worry about!  
good deal!. I wish I had ordered more on the last Friday sale! It is so soft and the color look so nice. Much better than the last deal from 
Efficient, Powerful Juicer. Takes a Little Getting Used To. I bought the Waring centrifuge juice extractor, because I wanted a machine as efficient as a commercial juicer. I m pleased 
cool leash. This leash is different with lights for walking your dog in the dark  
Fantastic!. Great collar. Both my cats have had theirs for over two years and have no complaints.  
Excellent. I received the items promptly and in perfect condition. There were exaclty what I needed and the whole transaction went extremely smooth. Would absolutely do business with again  
PERFECT GIFT FOR THE COOK IN YOUR LIFE!!!!. GREAT FOR PANCAKES AND CREPES.NONSTICK INTERIOR WITH DUPONT COATING. OPTIMUM RELEASE FOR EASY CLEANING  
companion to Siliconezone large pastry mat. If you own the large pastry mat from siliconezone for making bread, then you can t use a standard metal scraper that will tear 
Beautiful!. I love this piece of Le Creuset. It s just beautiful, and so easy to clean up  
Cheap and Best. two words describes it all:CHEAP and BESTlook no further because i did, and found this the best deal  
Heavy-Duty, High Quality Stainless Cookware; A Best Buy. for quality for price for ease of use cleanup for ergo handles that stay cool to touchMy testimony is based upon 2 
Very Satisified. The wife wanted this pattern for quite a while and it makes her very happy. When your wife is happy, so are you. Enough said  
Finally, a mug warmer that actually WORKS!. I have purchased SEVERAL other brands of mug warmers, trying to find one that actually lives up to what the manufacturer claims. This 
Sharp knives that last forever. I have had Wustof knives for 25 years. That is I ve never replaced them. If you take care of them they will last your 
Let a Miele Be Your Umbrella!. I ve already reviewed the Miele vacuum cleaner itself, along with the Turbo brush, so I m a fan of the pricy-but-worth-it-if-you-can-afford-it sucker. If 
All I can say is excellent. As most, I expect a good product when I purchase Rosle. This flat whisk is no exception. High quality construction, sealed handle, nice firm, 
Stylish and Functional. This is a fabulous product and the only collar my cats will wear. After a couple of hours they forgot it was there and that alone gives 
Worth the Price!. I have searched online for a nice and affordable coat rack and this one was perfect. I especially like the lower hooks so that my son can 
GREAT grinder!. I did much research on this and other coffee grinders before purchasing it, even talking to Kitchenaid for reassurance that the nickel pearl color had no engineering upgrades 
A fabulous product at a great price!. I have been shopping around for a nice ultrasonic jewelry cleaner as Iam a jewelry addict. This is by far the nicest machine 
does the job. a good basic place to hang a half dozen jackets or hats. Its a little wobbly when loaded but not too bad. easy to assemble and looks 
How did I ever live without a pressure cooker???. I wish I had one of these babies when my children were small. My mother had the old rocking disc type, 
Great Knives at an amazing price!. I too have seached the web for great prices on Henckels knives and finally found the set I was looking for. Henckels Gourmet, while 
It works for us. We were searching for a waffle maker that was easy to clean and easy to stash away when not in use. We re not disappointed. It 
A good surprise. My daughter, who has a truly dreadful cat,was going out of town for 2 weeks, which meant trouble. I sent her one of these items, and amazingly, 
Great Product. This is the 2nd one of these that we have purchased. They inflate quickly and easily and stay inflated all night. They are comfortable to sleep on and 
Terrifically Tempting Tagine!. As Dr. Michael Lim The Travelling Gourmet I have put on cooking demonstrations for Le Creuset in Singapore, and this is one of my favourite cooking utensils 
No need for an electric gizmo with the Swing Away. Throw away your electric can opener or give it to the Goodwill. Nothing can compare to the Swing Away. It 
Love it!. No need for any ridiculously expensive espresso maker... 20 bought me the best one out there. If so many people in Italy use it, wouldn t that be 
Bread slicer. I am on my second keeper and slicer. I couldn t manage to slice bread without it. By using the slicer at least they all turn out the 
Sharp, Perfectly Balanced, Great Feel. There is no shortage of expensive, high quality kitchen knives, but this is my favorite and the one I reach for most often. The steel 
Great time-saver!. I bought this pressure cooker set about a month ago and I love it. I had never used a pressure cooker before I bought this set, but I 
I use this ALL the time. Like the title says, I use this all the time. It cleans up easily in the dishwasher and now its 10 less than when 
Great tablecloth. The color I chose was very close to actual color when it arrived. It washes up well and comes out of the dryer like a dream. My sister-in-law 
Beautiful pattern and delicate cup. Teacup and saucer are even more intricate than pictured. Also, Amazon did a fabulous job with careful packaging and shipped very promptly  
GREAT !!!!. Love this product. I threw away my toaster oven and microwave.Not needed with this. It does both ! And works spectacularly !1 fault if any though. Popcorn takes 
puppy kong. This is a cute little toy for a little dog. It arrived on time  
Excellent bread machine. I own the zojirushi bread machine for about a year. I bake 1-2 per week. The machine makes excellent bread & dough. I haven t bought a 
Very satisified. This pan lived up to it s description perfectly. I love it for scrambled eggs and I particularly like the removeable rubber heat protector that fits over the 
French fry frenzie!. We bought this about 2 weeks ago, and have gone through 30 lbs of potatos! We love it! My whole family is on a GFCF diet and 
Yummy toast and looks great too!. This toaster makes the best toast of any toaster I have ever owned and it looks GREAT! I tossed my blue plastic Cuisinart, which 
Warm and comfy!. This is the first down comforter I bought. Thanks to excellent advice from a friend I knew what to buy - high thread count, baffles to keep 
Heaven!. I purchased the Chiropractic Neck Dogbone, Pillow, and it came very quickly. I haven t had any neck problems since purchasing the Dogbone Pillow! It s a must for 
Feather Bed Cover. The feather bed cover was better than expected. After much shopping around I purchased this one. The price was much lower than anything else I saw and 
AEROBED. I HAVENT USED THIS YET BUT I AM SURE MY GRANDDAUGHTERS WILL LOVE IT  
OK. THE FILTER CAME IN BROKEN BUT PETSMART REPLACED IT AND HAVE BEEN REAL HELPFUL  
This is the BEST kitty collar around!!. We adopted a feral cat. The vet said to get the elastic kind but he HATED that and kept scratching and then glaring 
So far so good. I just bought this iron on the recommendation of the previous review and have to agree. My only mini-criticism is that the retractable cord compartment is 
I like it. It works great and I like being able to use metal spoons. It apears to be of great quality  
Nice Fryer!. I recently purchased the DualDaddy fryer. I have had several different fryers in the past. I started about ten or so years ago with the original GranDaddy. It 
Exactly what I was looking for--------. I could not find this product in my area, so I relied on Amazon once more and could not be happier with the nickel 
Great Bargain!. Love the board! Looks very nice in a kitchen with black appliances. Feels good against the knife. Does leave marks, but its better than a noisy glass board 
I Like It, I Love It... I read the mixed reviews but I really liked the design so I ordered this coffee table and two of the matching end tables. 
sooo easy. The knife sharpner, is so easy to use. You first must open properly and it s ready to go. No matter what, or how you use it it 
GREAT DISPENSER!. This is such a well-designed item. We have several other models as well and L-O-V-E them all  
Great!. I mostly pick projects that require rounds. This is perfect as I can mix and match sizes and lengths-not having to run out and buy new circular needles each 
amazing healing. irecently purchased a bottle of zymox with hydrocortisone for my lab who has had several really bad ear infections i was spending a fortune at the vets office.i 
BEST BAKEWARE YOU CAN BUY. I HAVE BEEN MAKING LASAGNA FOR YEARS AND MY VERY BEST RESULTS WERE FROM USING LE CREUSET. IT DISTRIBUTES HEAT SO EVENLY THAT THE CHEESE 
Wonderful but can t find replacement teases. My three cats adore this playpen. Just moments after putting it on the floor, they started playing with the tease. They also love 
I love my juicer. I love my juicer, but I hate taking it all apart to clean after each use.I was watching the info-mercial yesterday & it said the pulp 
None of it broken. Because so many have complained of broken dishes, I d like to report mine arrived completely intact.I like the set, although the dinner plates are quite 
A Wonderful Buy!. The sheets matched perfectly with my room, which is the main reason I purchased them. The quality is great! The sheets are very soft and the colors 
I sent this to my Mother for Christmas !. I called my Mother before Her Birthday and was just asking her what she might like or need she asked if 
It s works!. Simply...it works and I can put the little dish in the dishwasher. Not crazy about the color, but that s not too critical  
Immediate results!. My grandma s 10 year old Yorkie just would never shut up. He barked at our cat, at our parrot, and anything that moved really. We bought this 
Great product!. I bought this for my 2 dogs & it works great & cleans up easily! The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of five is because 
Decent Product, I recommend. The product does exactly what it suppose to do. It maintains the humidity to the desired level. You can feel the difference in the house. The 
The best you could ask for. I am so pleased with my new Hoover Self Propelled Windtunnel Vacuum. I ve used a Hoover for years and when it finally needed 
commercial nonstick 5-quart saucier. I use this pan all the time .I leave it sitting on top of my stove.I bought 4 more when they went on sale.I am giving 
Great Customer Service. I purchased this for my wife for Christmas and she s used it a fair amount in the few weeks since. The packaging and organization are excellent. 
Wine For Later Works!. I have been using my Wine for Later set for over a year and recommend it highly.I can open a bottle, drink one glass, and the 
Nice looking and durable. I ve had the Nova Blue full set for years. No problems. And when I break a plate, I can easily find a replacement.Boot  
Stemless Wine Glasses. I bought them for someone this is what they said I think they do enhance the flavor of the wine. They seem to be of really fine 
smooth glide. Never a jam or tug when you slide back and forth your curtain. They are smooth on any surface. I have both a single curved rod and a 
Cuts through anything!. There is little I dislike more than pizza that isn t cut all the way through. With this product you do not have to worry about thick 
The Best and Most Durable Popcorn Popper. I have had many in the past, including my first Stir Crazy from the late 70 s and early 80 s. That one 
a Kick-Ass Carafe!. This is one kick-ass carafe! It s pyrex & plastic at it s finest. I highly recommed this kick-ass carafe  
Cuts like a knife. Cuts like the best knife I ve ever used. Looks cool - though my wife says the Damascus-ripples make it look dirty. Feels comfortable in my 
AN ENLIGHTENING EXPERIENCE!. GRINDS WONDERFULLY AROMATIC PEPPER A TOUCH ON THE COARSE SIDE AND THAT LIGHT COULD BE USED ON YOUR BICYCLE  
I can t tell the difference. I saw this BonJour model at a national discount retail chain this weekend and decided to put it to the test against my Bodum. 
well liked. I recieved the fountain on time and everyone was amaized at it,I will be using it often in our churc  
Cuisinart 1.5 qt non stick stainless. We had a set, but needed an additional saucepan. This was the perfect addition. Product was exactly as shown. No problems  
Best vacuum ever!. Wow. Wow. Wow. This vacuum is awesome. Prior to getting the Dyson I had the Bissell 3750 Lift-Off Bagless Vacuum for a few years and liked it 
Best knife ever !!!!. Love this knife. It is my NEW only knife and I use if for everything. Could not be more pleased  
Good, but not perfect. I thought this was a dish that I could use on the stovetop, it is not. Please be aware if you are looking for something to 
Cuisinart GR-4 Griddler. The product looks great, takes up very little space, it is easy to clean and works like a charm  
Wonderful Product!. This product is incredible. I have two cats that never got along, but after using Comfort Zone with Feliway, they play together like kittens! No more hissing and 
This is the extra chime-- product works great!. This is the extra chime that you can purchase if you already have the receiver. I am purchasing another one because it 
great tie rack. This is a wonderful tie rack. I purchased it for my husband for Christmas. He loves it. It takes up very little room in the closet and 
Sleeping on a cloud. I m so glad I bought this memory foam! Like all mattress toppers, it is cut a little smaller than my queen-size mattress. But the foam 
Holds more than water!. This is a beautiful and decorative addition to any kitchen. It makes a great flower vase! See the customer photo. Suggested by Le Creuset Outlet, Vacaville, 
Great space saver. I love these sturdy hangers! I highly recommend them for anyone with limited closet space. The swing arms are easy to manipulate. I ll never buy any 
Hyperactive Mini-Beagle. My dog is one of the most hyper dogs I ve ever seen. If she ever gets a chance she escapes when the door opens and chases squirrels 
very pleased. not only was the price cheaper through Amazon, but it was delivered quickly. The new Ultra is a thicker dish than the normal Corelle. I would highly recommend 
Reveiew Rikon omlet spatula. The spatula is very good cooking in high temperatures on the stove. The food does not fall through the slots. It is so nice to not 
What suction!!!. We had a cheap dirt devil vacuum and we thought it was good enough to pick up the dust, pet hair and dirt on our carpet. After all 
Mario Batali Measuring Bowl Set. I love my bowl set but a little disappointed that there was no 1 3, 2 3 cup in the measurements  
The red is utterly gorgeous!. I own both Le Creuset and Emile Henry cookware and serving pieces and I have to admit when it comes to red colours Emile Henry 
Does what it supposed to do. Noise level is minimal. Covers the angles well with rotation and misplaces enough air for a small room or a corner of a large 
aaahhhhhh!. I received my Health-o-meter 10motor massage pad in a timely fashion and excellent condition.I got it hooked up immediately easily! and plopped down and turned it on. aaaaahhhhh. How 
Good looking plates. The plates are modern and good-looking, always rate compliments from guestts. I would like them more if they were a little bigger  
FANTASTIC. MY STAND MIXER IS EVERYTHING I WOULD EXPECT FROM KITCHEN AID. A QUALITY PRODUCT, VERY STURDY. GLAD I PURCHASED THIS ONE OVER ANY OTHER BRAND  
Amazon is a must have site. This was a treat for me in my new navy blue ktchen. Boy was I tired of the old one and Amazon makes it 
Just what they tell you it is. This is a high quality comforter at a reasonable price. I m completely satisfied. What more to say  
A good, solid product. I use pressure cookers.This is a great, solid large-size pressure cooker.I like the pressure guage.All in all, a bargain for the price, compared to other larger 
Super product. I was very pleaased with the product and shipping time. At half the retail price I would recommend this to everyone.  
Gold Box Deal. I bought the 5 piece set offered in the Gold Box. The ones shipped to me are in excellent condition. They hold to the magnetic bar and 
Love it, but have some problems. I love my spice rack, don t get me wrong--I mounted it under my cabinet to increase storage space in my tiny kitchen. Unfortunately, 
Revere Pots and Pans size. This is a good and well made set. I like it, however, the size of the frying pan and the largest pot could be a 
One tough little toaster. This is an industrial toaster that s built to make toast all day long. If you re a homeowner, it will last you forever. The trick 
A touch of class for any kitchen. PRODUCT INFORMATION: ROSLE Salad Spinner. For carefully spinning salad, vegetables and berries. This deep Rosle Bowl includes a draining inset, rotary disc and 
 NOT Soooo much better than the Bunn...REVISED DOWN. REVISED: Okay, so I ve had this for a little over two years now and I have to say that I 
It really works!. We love putting this on our opened bottle of wine to keep it childed through dinner. It works so well, I bought another for my parents  
Does what it is supposed to do, and does it very well. After reading reviews of George Foreman grills and competing grills, we bought this one because it was on 
keeping knifes safe and in order. The storage tray keeps the knives in the drawer in tidy and safe manner. They do not bang around and damage one another. In 
Kitty perch. This is fantastic for cats who love to sit in the sun and look outdoors. My cats love it and it is easy to assemble and take apart! 
great product. i ve recently started a diet program where i have to drink shakes every day and using the blender express has made it that much easier and convenient 
Great Pan. If you re looking for a cast iron fry pan this is an excellent choice.Very high quality.  
All around winner. This bowl is so useful in the kitchen. If only it could go in the microwave it would be the only bowl I would ever need. I 
3 Tier Platter a must have for entertaining. This is a great set to have on hand. The simple design mixes and matches with everything you own. Stacked it makes 
simple and effective. My husband and I are wine lovers and have accumulated several types of corkscrews over the years but were never quite satisfied with any of them.This corkscrew 
great vac!. I have returned 2 different hoover windtunnels in the past week, they were HORRIBLE. I decided to try this bissell after reading the reviews, and it is SO 
Exactly what I was Expecting, maybe a little more. We are fostering a rescue cat for a few months and need to keep it separated from our other cats, so 
Bachelor-friendly. The problem with being a bachelor is that if you have a standard coffee maker and own a typical 12-cup coffee pot, you have to make at least four 
Convenient power. I have never had a better can opener. This is my second Black & Decker spacemaker and I would have no other. It is easy to install and 
wamsutta hand towel. Not quite the quality of the centennial from years past, but still, over-all better than other brands we have tried. Be prepared for shedding the first two 
It works. So far it seems to work as advertised. The only complaint I have is that the price is more than I would have payed had I seen the 
Nice pillows. Very soft, nice colors, good deal for two pillows. Only downside is filling seems to bunch up after a while, though it can be beat back in to 
Amazing bowls!. I love this set! I bought it for my college dorm room and I use it to eat all my favorite foods! It s a great set - 
Awesome. This is the perfect fit for my dorm room and with Amazon Prime the shipping was free and fast  
functional, shiny, handsome toaster. the look is shiny and retro and it stands out in my friends kitchen.works well, the bagel and warming functions are much appreciated -  
Large Square Dinner Plates. These plates are nice and large. They are also very white and clean looking.A little on the heavy side though. Which makes them feel expensive.I ordered 
Don Wilson s Kitchen. I love the sauce pan. I have one that I had for 20 years. That sauce pan is still being used. I plan to buy another 
Finally, uniform slices... The product works just like it supposed to. It is clear, compact and easy to use and clean. Outside of a great way of storing homemade bread, 
Wonderful ice bucket... I recently bought this ise bucket and tongs for my sister, who has her own litle bar, and she said this was perfect for her whole set 
Norelco replacement battery pack. If you can solder a little, you can save a lot of money with this product  
Fiesta ware Canister. I love the canisters. They are a nice size and have tight fitting lids.  
Letter Rack with Key Holder. This item was exactly what I needed. It is not to big, but can hold the things that I need just as I am walking 
Satin sheets. Very soft! I would buy more of these. Exactly what I wanted, but a little slippery  
space saver. if you have a dishwasher this is the perfect dish drainer for you to have for ther every now and then when something is not dishwasher safe you 
beautiful candle set. I bought this as a gift for my sister, and when I recieved it, I was pleasantly surprised. The candles were smaller than I thought and unlike 
Great for Chocolate Lovers. Bought this for special occasions and love it! Melts nice and is easy to clean. Well worth the price even though the molds and bowls will 
Excellent product. Quiet as advertised and superior in design to the traditional fan. The 21st Century-looking style and the fact that it takes up little horizontal space are big pluses. 
Nice shams, but color described incorrectly. I ordered these shams because the description indicated that they were a subtle soft white stripe. That would have been perfect with my bedding, 
Superior cookware set. As most people do, I had accumulated several different types of cookware over the years. It was a real treat to pass these onto my kids and 
West Bend Griddle -- great product. After reading the Consumer Reports review on the West Bend Griddle my mother wanted one for Christmas. Wouldn t you know that Santa had 
very useful, in or out of the house. This product made my life easier, before I needed to carry our hampers to the laundry which is outside of the apartment. 
Great for modern to classic decor. This is an awesome piece becaue I think it will go with a modern decor, traditional, even classic because it mixes so well with 
Soft dusting brush storing. This is currently on the machine attached to the hose with no operational interference.  
Pleased with the product. The cup was just as ordered and received in a timely fashion  
Great product for a low price. A cinch to install and my tap water now tastes just as good as bottled water. I highly recommend this product. I only wish 
Great Vacuum. Before I purchased this vacuum, I read the reviews for it - and noticed that everyone said it was too loud... what the heck do you think a 
I love it!!. It s the perfect size, looks GREAT, does the job and I didn t pay big bucks!I love that I can use the pot for serving!  
Reidel Champagne. Beautiful glasses poor packaged received first set b roken second set is beautifu  
Most Excellent. Just what I expected but more attracive. Works very well, easy to put together. A great buy for the money  
excellent product, highly recommend. I absolutely love these potholders!!!! I have four sets of them. They are great as potholders but they also have other uses. I place them under 
Very pleased customer!. We have been using Riedel crystal wine glasses and still do on occasion with the handful that we have left , but I finally decided to buy 
THEE BEST EVER. There is no other brand that can compare to this. We have tried many other brands and do not like any of them.Nesco is truely the best 
Great Value. I purchased this cookware based on very favorable reviews and I m happy to say that these pots and pans are great! Both my husband and I enjoy 
Aqua Clear Aquarium Filtration Inserts 200 50 Foam Filter 3PK. Good service, good price, and product is as expected. Thanks  
Cats love it. My cats love this item. My grass grew in a little over a week and keeps growing. It is a little loose on the side of the 
hot dog shack. its a really fun item , it does heat the hot dogs well , if you get the thicker ones u may need to watch them more 
Analon Advanced -Quart Oval Pasta Pot. This is the best pot to cook pasta in. The oval shape let s you lay your pasta down in the pot to cook 
Wireless Temp Systems. This one worked as stated! I had incredible problems with a competitor LaCrosse ; Taylor worked out of box.I only wish I had known clearly that outside 
Great looking Set and Fast delivery. We too agree that the chairs are made for small people. Also, one of our chairs had a smaller swivel plate and we are 
Cats love it. My cat loves this DVD, just don t use with a flat panel unless it s behind glass as your cat may attack the screen  
A Great Ice Shaver. I have bought this item and it works excellent. I used the mold to freeze orange juice, then i put the mold in and pressed the 
Best Gravel Cleaner so far!. Works as advertised!Very well designed and quality construction sets this product apart from the cheap ones.I was truly impressed by its suction power and the 
wonderful. I waited awhile to purchase this and it was only 19.99. For that price I thought if I didnt like it I would let the dogs sleep on it. 
Great Buy. These sheets are great. They were slightly wrinkled right out of the pack, but wrinkles fell out relatively quickly. They are very soft and will be the best 
Best Yet. I have a drawer full of book lights. This is by far the best. Long flexible neck that stays where you put it. Enough batteries to keep it 
Wide Base Ceramic Coffee Travel Mug. Arrived promptly. Good size mug, will not tip over  
Great Product. We owned the previous design of this product and after several years of using it everyday we finally decided to throw the old one away and upgrade to 
Great but not perfect. As always, you will never find a perfect cookware. This Cuisinart 7 piece is no exception. It is great but not perfect. Its light weight is 
good value. I see no reason why you shouldn t buy a factory-reconditioned kitchenaid appliance. This one has only one or two minor blemishes that are even hard to find.Yes, 
Indestructable!. These are without question the greatest spatulas ever! Over the years I have thrown away plenty of spatulas usually because they deteriorate quickly and start to leave traces of 
Wonderful for Water. Having NO idea why the below reviews mention that these are made in France... They are NOT they are from Austria. However these aren t actually made 
Nice. Good deal. Same quality as what you would buy in the store at a much more reasonable price. Wish I had bought two sets  
Good Espresso, not so good foam. But Wait - there s a solution!. After 7 years or so of using a bulletproof Starbucks Barista which produced great espresso and copious 
THE BEST. I LIKE THE FOUNTAIN ALOT BECAUSE IT MAKES A VERY NICE EXPERIENCE WITH ALL MY FAMIL  
Worth it!. Great product at a great price. The first shipment came broken and amazon replaced it immediately without the hassles of having to return a broken item.Thank you  
amazing. my vacuum finally bit the dust. I thought it was good and my dog was just shedding everywhere and I couldn t do anything but consider getting rid of 
Wusthof, how could you go wrong!. With the lifetime warranty, how could you go wrong, it is after all a Wusthof. Chef Char of Chapel Cafe Ministries, La Mesa- C 
Great Non Stick Pans. I ve had mine for 6 months and they recieve very heavy use. Unlike most non-stick pans, these ones still work and look like they did 
Great product. I love the stainless steel interior for its easy to clean properties. The oven cooks quickly, evenly, and exceeds my expectations  
Jackie. This is a really beautiful product. The quality is good and the colours as shown in the picture. I would give it a five except I havn t washed 
Wow! This thing is amazing... Well, at first I was skeptical, but desperate, and I was willing to try anything. I was so stressed out over the dogs having their 
Makes me wish I got one years ago. I ve only used mine twice, and had good experiences both times. The food turned out the way it was supposed to, 
Love it. I just love these. We used to in sandwiches for a pirate themed party. They worked perfectly. We also used them to decorate the table tops.  
Great Little Pan. This pan is fantastic. I use it to make eggs every weekend. I used to spray my old pan with PAM before cooking the eggs. This pan 
Great Product !. This product is wonderful and is a nice addition to my bathroom. It works great and the shipper mailed this item as agreed and on time  
Great Ice Bucket!. I recieved this ice bucket for Christmas, and it s great. It has a modern, sleek look and a heavy feel to it. I think it s 
Perfect design & great quality. This works beautifully and allows the tea leaves plenty of room to steep. I use the little dish to put the strainer in when I 
Crazy about Fiesta ware!!. My husband loves the cobalt blue so we added an additional set to our Fiesta dinnerware. I love all the colors and how they spice up 
Kitchen essential. I bought these a few years ago and they have become so essential that I ordered more. They re easy to use and durable. I haven t found 
excellent knife. After getting tired of cutting fruit with my 9 chef s knife, I got this global paring knife to deal with smaller jobs. It s razor-sharp, and looks 
Great Buy. Love the way the mattress pad works... no leaks... but even better it s comfortable and QUIET ... no crinkly sounds like a vinyl cover... Very comfy and 
A great little machine. I had been researching dehydrators for months and finally decided on this one. I am happy I did. I have dried veggies, fruits, made jerky and 
Great Sheets. The sheets arrived promptly, the color is right on and they couldn t be more comfortable. The only reason I gave them 4 Stars is because after washing 
Wonderful Set!. I love these dishes! The color and glaze is beautiful. I bought 2 sets. One arrived damaged but Amazon was great about picking up the broken set and 
An outstanding kitchen tool. I ve had a Le Creuset Wok for over 5 years, from the time when the lids were matching metal, not glass. I ve cooked hundreds 
Great DVD cabinet. This DVD cabinet is terrific - already assembled, very nice kraftsmanship, and looks great. We are thinking about ordering a matching one because we love it so 
Still great after one year. I have had these pots and pans for over a year now and am still very pleased with their performance.I did have to learn to 
Fantastic bowl!. I have this bowl in the plum but this sunflower is gorgeous too and I m getting one of these check out the scarlet too - whew! and 
Work Good. This electric kettle is awesome,it boil water in no time.You can.t find any better one with this price!  
Chocolate NOT Included. Shipping was lightning fast!! The fountain is lovely, but I have not had an opportunity to test it because, as others have stated, this model does not 
Blender. This personal blender is very handy, not only it s a blender, but you can put the lid and take it in your car like a thermos. It s 
Great knives that look great!. I was looking to purchase a real set of knives for the longest time, but I had some serious sticker-shock at the prices of forged 
I love the roomba!. It s just a great product. It does what it says, and it s fun to use-------How many times have you heardthat about sweeping???????????????  
Mine lasted for 4 years and counting... ... I have been using this coffee maker for the last four years. My carafe has managed to deal with all the rough 
Organized. I really like this item. Not only does it help keep my daughter s toys organized, it gives her easy access to whatever she wants to play with. Perfect 
Works well for a medium room. I use it in my 14x12 room and it works reasonably well. Thermostatmeasures temp. around unit so it is not very accurate, better to 
KitchenAid great as always. I am very pleased with the kitchenaid khb300ob hand blender.as always kitchenaid lived up to our expectations. long lastinghelpful, and with an easy grip.Never have regretted 
just what I was looking for. My previous kettle needed to be replaced, and I wanted a well-made stainless kettle that was easy to clean and would boil water quickly.This 
Nice sheets - SUPER bargain!!. Yes, they wrinkle. They re 100 cotton. They are fantastic though. They are a great weight and look awesome on the bed. I ironed the 
Great product, multi-purpose!. They have a classic look and are perfect for mini-souffles. They can also be used to serve nuts and candies or for sauces and dressings. I love 
sensuous. Very nice, and luxurious indeed. Highly pleasing to the senses but also very practical. Fabric breaths surprisingly well, which was my biggest worry. A very nice touch for a 
A great little dispenser. In my life, I have used a lot of syrup dispensers, most of which were poorly designed and leaked. This one is neither. I really love 
I love this one. This is the original one I bought myself, and I buy it as a gift all the time in tea care packages. Everyone who has got 
Another Zoji hit!. I read the other reviews on this product before I purchased it; in particular the complaints about the mugs and the 1-cup feature. On the 1-cup feature: 
Great, but measurements misleading. These are fabulous, sturdy pans, but I had specifically bought them to fit Silpat sheets measuring 30 by 40cm. Based on the measurements provided, there should 
Fast, excellent service. What more can I say? I was very pleased and surprised with how quickly they arrived  
Light where you need it. This is my library s new best friend. Unlike other reading lights that I ve had the opposable arm is perfect, allowing you to adjust 
LOVE IT! You ll never buy another brand of peeler again!. I got this as part of a set. Used it only once and threw out the two cheap ones 
WOW. I ve never written a review for a vaccuum cleaner, and couldn t have imagined ever even wanting to, but am happy to put my voice out there for 
Bread Box. Good size, bigger than many I d looked at. Not as heavy as I expected, but that isn t bad.  
Perfect mug. My coffee goes with me and not in a metal or plastic cup. Hard to spill or knock over. I was very surprised when I found this wide 
Wonderful Set- I love it!!!. You wont find corelle sets easily in stores. But Amazon is selling almost all varieties of sets at reasonable price!! I bought mixing bowls and 
pillow covers. I tried over 5 different stores in my area and was unable to find covers for my body pillows. The price was right and the covers were good 
Great product. I love Le Creuset! I have the 2 quart and 6 quart size French Ovens, so decided to splurge on the 3 1 2 quart size. Although they 
Fling it squirrel. Sturdy well made toy for my Westie...she loves it.....the fling it part works well and I can swing it around and throw it.....for the money....I think this 
Nice Looking but overpriced. These are nice looking but VERY overpriced. Also took a long time to receive  
Looks cute on the counter but... I ve had one for two years and it makes great tuna melts! But you should line the bottom crumb catcher with a small 
Solid and beautiful. This furniture is an excellent value! It is indeed a hardwood frame on everything and you ll be surprised how heavy those end tables are after you 
Love It. I enjoy basic sewing like the straight lines for halloween costumes it about as good as i am but this machine is so user friendly and makes everything 
First day at work. I got excited about 5min after opening the box... most people laugh at the idea, but this thing is perfect for me... i live in a 
beautiful. Beautiful bowls. Cobalt blue on the outside, french white on the inside. These bowls are very heavy, a sign of durability. These bowls are going to last a long 
great tie rack. My husband has so many ties, and he was hanging them all on different hangers, and they would fall all over the place, and he could never 
does what it does. i bought this pillow for my wife. she sleeps with a teddy bear and is always doing work homework in bed. she was just promoted and 
Perfect cookie tin size pizelles. First off, let me state I ve been making pizelles with Villaware bakers since I was a child. My grandmother owned one of their first 
Mmmmm Mmmmm Good. During the relatively short time that I have had it, and made use of it, it is proving itself to be a wonderful addition to the other 
Morphing pillow. This pillow is very different from any pillow you ve used before unless maybe you have a Buckwheat hull pillow. This pillow is made from the same materials 
Beautiful!. Fast shipping even during Christmas time. Well worth the money. Look and feel expensive. Would totally recommend  
Great Multi-purpose Pan. I bought this nine months ago, and am very pleased with it. I ve used it to make omelets, fry burgers, make all kinds of sauteed dinners 
Fit for a Cheff. Heavy duty cookware! I love the measurement marking - excellent  
Perfect for price, size, and what I need!. NOTE: I meant to give this item 5 stars - somehow it was submitted as 4 stars and I can t seem 
Amazing!. I am a wineglass snob. I thought Riedels were the best to have but I bought these from a wineshop after the owner took 2 glasses and banged them 
excellent deal. I love this living room set. It came a day early the tables are solid hardwood not cheep vaneer the sofa, chair, &amp; ottoman are done in a 
Absolutely worth the price. I got this when it was only priced at 18.00 and also got an additional 2.00 off. So at 16.00 it was very well worth it. 
Great buy!. What a great deal this was. The grill pan was less than half price and the two All-Clad oven mitts are a terrific bonus. Macy s shipped this 
Not too bad. It works pretty good, although sometimes it take 5 tries to turn the light on. Also the backing of the light where you hook the book is 
poacher plus much more. Attractive and functional. Poaches to perfection whatever your preference soft center to well done . Eggs can be kept warm over the water once pan is 
Hepa Air Cleaner. these hepa filters are reasonable unlike most air cleaner filters, work well and keep my room free of allergies and fresh. I am really pleased with how 
Excellent heater - highly recommended. I bought this heater to warm a cold basement, as the central heat in my house does not extend there. A few days after I 
Good Mug. We ve been enjoying these. They re good for everything from ice water to cup-a-soup.One of them showed up broken, but the rest were fine  
Boy does it whistle!. I have had this kettle for a few months and I am very happy with my purchase. The only reason I did not give it 5 
The Best Steamer on the Market. Steam Heat has so many features that can t be found on a standard vertical steamer. The best feature is that I can program 
My favorite knife. This is the best for fruits and vegetables! It is the perfect size and blade length for my hand  
Another Great No Pun Intended Product From Oxo!. I got tired of dragging out my trusty box grater to do small jobs like grating nutmeg, ginger or Parmagiana Reggiano so 
Easy to change. These carbon filters work great! The room smells cleaner & fresh. It is very easy to change them! Make sure you order the right size! Change it 
circulon is the best cookware on the market. i have had many kinds of cookware over the years and circulon is by far the very best..this 4 quart saute pan 
Solid, easy. This is a handy little gadget. We use it to prepare cherries for the baby, and this really saves a lot of time. This is a well made, 
I really like this, so I don t get all the bad reviews. I use this all the time for homefries. I find it a tremendous time saver. Yes, it 
great deal. This flatware set is sturdy, contemporary and certainly worth the cost. It came with 8 extra teaspoons and a hostess set. The actual size of the flatware is 
Perfectly fits the books atmosphere. For those of you unfamiliar with the A Series of Unfortunate Events books, they detail the absurdly tragic lives of the fictional Baudelaire orphans, and 
Good cleaver. I got a good deal on this and it turned out to much better than expected. Well made with a sharp edge that holds up. The only reason 
Delightful. Though the price would be a bit high if one wanted to have a large set of mugs, the Pisoulet mug is quite a good value. The design is 
Thank You Amazon Reviewers. I was looking for dish sets, wanting the square shape, but didn t want to pay 10 plate, or have hideous floral patterns. I found these 
Good for 1 Cup. Overall I have been happy with it. I normally only brew 1 cup so I don t have the problems with uneven distribution. My only complaint 
Excellent Product. For some reason the litter locker refills have been scarce in local stores. I was so excited not only to find them on Amazon but also at the 
Pillow Top Queen Fiberbed. I bought this for a Christmas present for my girlfriend because she has always wanted one, and she loves it. She used to have one, of 
Better than anything I could find in local department stores. I bought one of these last year for the kitchen and I love it. I m buying another to put 
Great product for the money. I bought this to use as a soup pot and a dutch oven or french oven depending on what you call it . It has 
I can t believe I didn t buy it sooner. This pot rocks. You ll fall in love with it the first time you cook with it. It browns well, 
Best mashed pototoes...really!. I was skeptical buying this thing for my GF last year. I didn t think the brand or style of mixing device would have any effect on 
Great on tomatoes, great utility knife as well!. I bought this knife in January 2005, after lusting for one of the beautiful Shun knives for a long time. I was 
Great product. Great product. Works very well, and easier to clean than those ones that look like wire mesh. Works perfectly for pasta, if a little large. Very durable, should 
Joyce Chen 14-inch Carbon Steel Wok. I am very pleased with the Joyce Chen Carbon Steel Wok. The quality is excellent. I could have shopped all day and I would 
Best Blender Ever. This blender is powerful and you do not need to hold the lid down while blending. Just pour your stuff in and turn it on. Forget about 
Perfect bridal shower gift. I gave this to a friend at her bridal shower with an assortment of dried herbs. The ladies ooohed and aaahed. The bride is using it 
Great Refill...BUT........ I own the Litter Locker Plus and I must admit that the product does live up to itsname. However, the refills are quite expensive, the average price being 
Super bowls!. Was looking for clear bowls so I can see the contents while heating in the microwave and prevent foods from boiling over. These fit the bill perfectly and 
cute. Great as the free gift it was. If you re purchasing it, know that it looks more like a jelly bean than a heart  
Perfect large slicer cheap too . For big birds, rib roasts, etc., you need a long knife to get a clean even slice. This knife delivers. It has great lines, 
it sucks. I wanted a light weight, powerful vacuum with HEPA filter and dust collecting bag. This vac works well for my house, since I have no carpet but wood 
This pan is great!. I recently ordered this pan, wondering if it would be worth the money. I have a smooth cooktop and my larger saute pans don t have 
Great product!. I received the iRobot Roomba Scheduler as a gift for Xmas this year. It s probably the best Xmas gift I ve received since 2000.First, let me state 
Great Buy But Could Use Better Packaging. I own a Krups 1010 pod coffee maker that uses this filter. For some reason local retailers have stopped carrying these filters and 
Cold Comfort. Beautiful looking quiet and efficient small Refrigerator. Black spillproof top and black interior is a nice touch. Good storage setup too. Froze all my beverages at the 3 
Covered casserole. A great covered server that can be used for anything you want to keep warm. The Gold Dust design looks very nice on this piece.I love this except 
Very Satisfied. This waffle maker is everything I expected it to be. It works great  
Works great, handle is plastic though. The steel works great as expected from Shun. The guard is beveled at the correct angle for the blade which is very helpful in 
This fan is superb!!. We needed a new fan on a stand for our kitchen. We checked at our local Target Stores, Wal-Mart and Home Depot. They were out of 
Multi Options for Multi Cats. I bought this item at Petsmart for my cats for christmas and they loved it. The still love it. It vaccums well and the three 
very pleased!. I am very pleased with the toaster. The service and the delivery were very prompt. We had a small problem with the item, and with no problems they 
Best value for cost. I read all reviews on this skillet and the onely bad review was someone who complained about food sticking to the bottom . We followed directions 
Works okay. Buying these types of things can be problematical. One can t know how they will work until they re tried out in one s own work space. Things 
Perfect Banana Bread. I d never owned Le Creuset, and couldn t resist a bargain here at Amazon. Best possible investment. Perfect, even heat. I ve made banana and zucchini 
Shower Curtain Hooks vs Rings. Out with old green plastic rings in with the new pewter hooks ! So easy to attach to the shower curtain and hook over the 
Review for KitchenAidKFP750OB 700-Watt 12-Cup Food Processor, Onyx. I love my new KitchenAid Processor, it is wonderful and works fantastic! I recieved a great price on it in comparison to 
Glass, non-reactive cookware. It seems to me that this type of cookware was quite common not too long ago. Now, however, I searched high and low locally and couldn t 
great. I love the Scooba. It s a little loud but it is very efficient  
Review of the 12 piece Chicago Cutlery Centurion Set. I am very pleased with the knife set. The handles are very comfortable in the hand and the cutting ability is 
Start with the best. I bought the TV advertised version of this. After 2 uses a small plastic part broke off the motor rendering the whole kit useless - I 
Effective, effective, effective. This product is best for bathrooms, in particular, the toilet. On those grounds alone it s worth owning.It effectively sterilizes hold it in one place for five 
Despite the mixed reviews.. I decided to buy this coffee pot. I have had absolutely zero problems with it. No overflowing, the coffee is hot, umm can t remember the 
The ultimate lasagna pan!. I have been thrilled with the heft and quality of the Le Creuset poterie line - and this is no exception. After years of trial and 
beautiful glasses for wonderful price. I ordered 2 boxes of these glasses and received them in properorder, everything intact. The glasses have a very good shine and quality. They are 
More fun than useful, but if you enjoy playing with food consider purchasing these. An avid home cook that is a collector of both cookbooks and cooking gadgets writes this 
Great Idea. I had some problems initially with a faulty cannister, and it took me months to get it straightened out, but my mistate was in calling the manufacturer instead 
HELP! I don t want to get out of bed. I m writing this review from my bed which I now find to be so comfortable, I don t want 
Valhallaqueen. This is a beautiful clock with a retro feel and it really jazzes up the room. Quiet, reliable and easily read from a distance, this clock is a great 
Just what I wanted. After using other waffle irons this one is the best. It has enough power to make crisp belgian waffles with big deep holes. Wait for the 
Everything I Was Looking For. I just purchased this product after alot of research of other similarelectric kettles.I followed the directions about boiling twice and I didnot detect any plastic 
long awaited squid brush baster. I got 3 so I could give a couple to people who are usually in charge of cooking for their families . I think they 
Amazing Knife. This is a great knife for hard and soft cheeses. It has a good grip and comfortable design. My wife was skeptic about it but when she used 
Expect Great Things. This is the second least-used item in my All Clad cookware. I find myself reaching for a saucier when I could use this pot. My advice is 
Love it !. I appreciate the innovative design that allows for all of the following in one salt shaker: small holes, large holes for sea salt , or one large 
Great Product. I have had a 4 quart Presto cooker for 45 years but it was made out of aluminum. I wanted stainless steel. For so long, all the stainless 
Cat heaven!. My cat just loves this bed. Now he is even lazier than before because he is continuously curled up inside it  
keep things cold. The insulation is a nice feature. It keeps the drink cold and slows the melting of the ice. While this shaker leaks some it is by far 
Fast and dependable. I teach an adult school class and I probably see 60 students a day who love to drink coffee. This machine is fast and makes super coffee. 
Solid and beautiful. We actually purchased the 4 piece set unfortunately leaving a review was not an option there. It is indeed a hardwood frame, and beautiful suede-like microfiber cusions 
Carol. We were very pleased with the barstools. They are made very sturdy. Assembly was very easy. The barstools were delivered in a timely fashion. Definitely would order from this 
Finally, A termometer that works while in the oven. I recomend this item highly. Can be washed without fear of water inside and can be inside the oven while cooking. 
Good for any Home Bar. We have total enjoyed the Margaritaville Maker. We have discovered many normal drinks taste great when you mix them in this blender. If you are 
Perfect for Toddlers who are scared of the vacuum!. My son is terrified of the vacuum so I had to purchase this. It is absolutely the best purchase I have 
Great pot!. This pot is everything I expected it to be. It s beautiful and works great. I knew to expect it to be heavy and it is but since 
Convenient Option. We ordered this product as an experiment in finding options to traditional kitty litter and we ve found this crystal system to be a great alternative. You use 
It does it s job. been using it for few weeks, it does it s job and does it wellThat s al  
Gonna miss sea mist. One of the criteria in this family for what color to stock up on is how it looks under Mexican food. Sea mist and rose are 
Wonderful. I have been very pleased with our coffee espresso maker. It is very simple to use for beginners like myself and easy to clean. It is also a nice 
Nothing beats a Bunn-- period!!!. When I was looking to purchase a new machine, I only was looking for a Bunn. Bunn makes the best coffee machines, none can compare. 
corkscrew. This is the best corkscrew, so easy to use and very nicely designed. There s one displayed in the Museum of Modern Art in NYC . This is the 
Great pan. I got this after wanting to try a new method to pizza baking from what my mom uses which is a baking tray cookie sheet.Its worked fine and 
Pretty dang good board. My wife bought this board and she loves it. Despite what the other reviews have said, our board works great. We called Catskill for advice on 
Great little scale. We love the scale and it works great in the kitchen or eating out. It has been used every day, several times a day for the last 
question. I love the carafe and would like to know if you will receive this one in shamrock green because I am wanting to purchase 4 different colors. Please respond 
Very nice bowls, but heat uneven. As for bowls, I love em. However, they heat unevenly and the bowl gets too hot to pick up bare-handed in my Sharp microwave. 
Sunflower Yellow is Beautiful!. I collect both old and new Fiesta Ware and was thrilled to see the vibrant new Sunflower Yellow dinnerware. The color is wonderful; much darker and 
Great for my back. I have constant lower back pain, making it difficult to get comfortable in bed. This topper makes it possible for me to finally lay on my 
my momma wants this knife!!. This is a beautiful piece. absolutely essential. like a surgeon,cuts like the very first time.  
Great Buy. These pots and pans are great! We love them and use them everyday. You don t need any type of cooking spray at all in them. You can 
Look great, functional. Excellent! Finally found salt and pepper shakers that both look good and are extremely functional. Was a bit worried at first that they might flow too easily, 
Great value for the price. This pot rack was easy to assemble and included a dozen hooks. No need to order expensive extra hooks! The rack is sturdy and functional. 
Sturdy and wide ironing board. This is a fantastic ironing board. Extra wide and very well made!! My ironing board of 36 years broke and I replaced it, but the 
Use it for sugar!. I agree wholeheartedly with the previous reviewer: this creamer works wonderfully for sugar. Sugar dispenses easily and smoothly from the spout, whether into a spoon or 
Best Knife Ever. The handle really makes the difference with this knife along with its weight. Easy cutting and chopping, but watch out, it s sharp enough to cut your 
Excellent blade grinder. This grinder has performed flawlessly. I have had no problems getting whatever grind I desire and I have had no problems with clean up, nor do I 
I Love This Gadget. This little item makes the best soda water and without all the sodium in the store-bought soda.It s easy to use and has performed flawlessly. My 
It definately works!. It soothes the sting and smells great after like mint . This may be the best product out there in this category  
Great for the money. I got this cooker because it has so many variable heats. I had a crock pot that I returned because of the lack of heat controls. 
very useful. We received this toaster as a gift. It is wonderful. We use it to cook chicken, meatloaf, fish, etc. It is also great for bagels, toast, etc. I 
Big fridge, good price. I just bought this fridge at the local Target because shipping off the website was ridiculous 50 . The one at Target was cheaper too, only 
Great freezer. This is a great freezer. It makes a wonderful treat for picnic, parties or just a family dinner. Easy to use  
The Hood is definitely a must-have!!!!. Excellent solution to eliminating reducing the odor that occurs during the end-cycle of the cartridge.  
excellent pan and even better service. My wife and I received the pans in this set for our wedding over 3 years ago. They have been excellent despite very heavy 
First Timer. I bought this little machine because I have always wanted to create personalized gift for friends and family using my home-sewn products. It does a great job, though 
great affordable set. I did my research to find the best knives i could at the lowest price possible. I love cooking and can t stand working with cheap, bad 
Elegant and solid. I went on a hunt for these glasses for a friend after our having beverages in them in a now gone bar in NYC. I was delighted 
bad ship!. If you are out of USA and ship with Transexpress please dont buy this because the ship value is 374 :S and the item just 87 but the 
Makes excellent coffee one cup at a time. This little gadget is simple & cheap but you d have to spend a lot more money to get a cup of 
nice set. This has a nice feel, not too light. However, I was a little disappointed to find out that this set comes with extra spoons not forks  
excellent buy for the price. very good product, easy to clean, discolor a bit after a couple of usages but has no effect on the performance of the mat, still 
Great little 4 cup coffee maker. I got this because we wanted a white, four cup maker with a metal carafe. This one met all the criteria and we haven 
9 Tart Pan. This pan is not 2 pieces so you have to be very careful removing the tart to not break it  
Good Coffee Quickly. I was amazed at how much I am enjoying my Flavia Fusion. I saw it at a boat show and tried some. My husband talked me out 
Product is great, not just saying it. I love this product. At first i was a little scared and worried about shocking my dog. I tested the product on myself 
Funny gift to give : . It s soft and medium-sized. Didn t pay too much for them so didn t feel too bad when friends would come over and 
Carpet extractor. The machine works well. It is easy to use. Worth the price.  
Sturdy stool. I just received this stool. It s easy to assemble and very sturdy. The size fits me perfectly too. The only thing that I have problem with is 
Good Investment. Purchased these over a month ago and so far I am very pleased with them. Although they are for smaller rooms, two work really well when placed strategically 
Excellent Quality Ice Cream Maker. I purchased this Ice Cream Maker for my best friend for a house warming gift becuase my parents have one that is 25 years old. 
Nom nom. They do not look as exciting as other chewy dog treats but my dog loves them. They are best for small dogs and light chewers. They are made 
Kitchenaid Stir Fry. I ve used this pan several times since receiving it and it s wonderful. It s a great addition to my Kitchenaid set  
Great for your hair and skin!. I ve been using this type of filter for two years now and it makes my hair so much more workable. My skin feels 
Excellent - sized just right for a single person!. Bought a 8oz single cup coffee maker the other day, butwas displeased with it, was not enough to fill my coffee 
Memories of the garden. This is a delightful pattern to chase away the cold winter blahs. I love the convenient shape of the serving bowl. This pattern serves equally as 
lodge logic pre-seasoned sportsman s charcoal grill. We were very pleased with the quality of the grill and the speedy delivery. Free shipping was a definite plus also.  
I love the way the bowls fit together. Not only are these dishes gorgeous and durable, but the bowls stack together so nicely and don t take up tons of 
Great asset in the kitchen. This is a very good cover to keep on hand. It s not bulky when storing and can easily fit inside the dishwasher. The small 
Excellent quality. I already have a two sets of these glasses--the general red and white--and am about to order another set of red wine glasses. These glasses are excellent quality, 
Great Quality. I love the metal construction of this. I had a plastic one and it kept coming apart  
Great bowls. These bowls have been in my home for a few years now. We have used them for cereal in the morning for warming up food in the microwave. 
Excellent Blender -- Powerful, Though Sometime Too Powerful. I have owned one of these blenders for more than two years now and love it. That said, don t ever take 
Best investment. This is one of the best investments I have made in a long time - easy to use and well worth the money spent. My puppy learned very 
Finally, a handle fit for human beings!. If you ve bought Fiestaware place settings in the past, you ve surely noticed the awkward shape of the coffee mugs of yore. 
Great Coffee Machine. I purchased this for work, as I have the same unit for home. The choices in coffees and teas for use in the machne have greatly increased. 
Excellent Product and Transaction. The KitchenAid KFPW760 is exactly as advertised. It has three nested work bowls. The inner, smallest one takes a special blade a smaller version of the 
Incredibly Sharp and long-lasting edge but BEWARE on steel.. Cuts like a Samurai blade quality, and doesn t need to steel as frequent as the Henckels Wusthof knives. It has 
If you find you are at all on the fence about this, you probably sell juicers... This is worth the money in the materials it is made out of alone.I 
use them all the time!. i love this product because it works so well with the popcorn popper i received as a gift. i use these all the time. great 
A Good Little Vac. Just the right size and power for our travel trailer. Very versitile and convenient  
Cat loves it!. The only thing missing is a little bit of a hood to keep the breeze away, but the cat has finally left our bed for hers during 
yesteryears designs for today. The Hamilton Beach eclectric coffeemaker features all the conveniences of amodern appliance with the retro look of the 50 s. It makes excellent coffeeand is programmable. 
WOW. i work at a deli that uses fryers all day. I decided to buy this one. I am throughly impressed by its design. i would reccomend this fryer highly 
If you have a Powerbook... Or other widescreen laptop computer, or even just want some extra mouse-space, this lap desk is a fantastic choice. It even comes with rubber feet 
Bodum Granos the Greatest. The best if you want a simple shot of espresso or a very fine capuccino  
I love this pan!. This pan is a good example of Calphalon quality and the design is very versatile. Start a saute on the stove, add ingredients, then put it 
Bottom Line...It Works. As the other reviewers have also pointed out, this item works just like Vacu Vin says it works. It fits easily into any wine bottle, allows for 
Very Pleased. I was nervous about ordering this online I am terrible at returning . But when I got it I was so pleased. It looks great and has stood 
FLOORMATE 500. Love it. It s easy to use, saves the back and does an excellent job  
Bright as sunshine. I actually have several of these pitchers and love them all. The handle is well balanced and it is an attractive item to set on the table 
Great Shipping!!. Just wanted to try this out and found them here for a great price. Also, the shipping was AMAZINGLY fast  
pretty swell if you re looking for a butter dish!. I think all fiestaware products are keen and my transaction with beanibec was smooth, fast and professional!I ll probably buy 
Pleasantly surprised!. Ran across this on sale for 15 at Amazon so figured I would give it a try despite the dubious cover pattern. I was very pleasantly surprised! The 
I really don t know... if it works. I bought this for my cat this summer. He s got a funny personality and likes to be alone. He hates to 
LOVE IT..LOVE IT...LOVE IT..WORTH THE PRICE!. ..I bought this recently and simply love it!!At first I was really worried because I saw all the reviews and there were more bad 
wow!. These knives are amazing! The storage case is even pretty handy and you can just put in a drawer and not have to worry about the knives poking around. 
I can read while I wait. I actually purchased this book light so that I can read while I wait for my child to sleep. he likes me to be 
Very Durable Product. I have occasionally noticed restaurants using Fiestaware, which is an accurate testament to the product s durability  
Great item!. Having problems hanging your family photos? This is the perfect product and inexpensive. Sooooooo easy...  
Pistoulet is Bright, Warm and Fun!. I have enjoyed every piece of Pistolet that I have bought, and am collecting it. Its brightness uplifs my day in the mornings, and 
great. I recieved the platter in a timely manner. It was packaged well and in perfect condition. I purchase it for a gift. I was very happy with it  
A Perfect Fit and Solidly Made. We are very pleased with this solidly made cover. I found 11 covers to be hard to find, so we were pleased to be 
Wonderful!. This can opener is super smooth! I will never waste my money on cheap can openers again! I ve had to throw away several cheap can openers in the 
Works exactly as promised...a true gorilla in the mist !. Like many other reviewers here, I have gone through many humidifiers - brands, methods, capacity.Last winter was a Holmes boiler. 
Fantastic can opener. If you need to open cans and have a good space to mount it, this is the can opener to get. Just put a can in it, 
well built. I have owned others like this, but none work as well. It slides effortlessly, it stays where you leave it, it seems well built... overbuilt! I love it. 
No problems. I received this set packed very well, no scratches, no broken pieces so I have NO complaints. The color is beautiful and the dishes are durable.  
Mr. Coffee 4-Cup. Looks great on the counter. Makes good coffee. Nice features for the price. J. Kent, N  
5 stars quality. I love these towels. It is so soft. I like the color very much. I will order more for my house  
Awesome foam!. I had a Krups before this and returned it. It didn t steam the milk properly and leaked all over. This machine is great, with the optional attachment, 
My Bichon is CRAZY for this toy!. This is without a doubt my Bichon s favorite toy. He goes nuts whenever we pull it out of the closet where we 
Good rice cooker if you know the trick. I bought this rice cooker 2 months ago. after having a problem with my old nonstick rice cooker The reason I chose 
Nice pan at a good deal. Even though this pan is the made in china All-Clad version, it is still well mad and does the job perfectly. .... I will 
Browns Nicely and Easy to Clean. This is a great non-stick pan. Unlike traditional non-stick, this one goes in the oven and browns nicely. I ended up with a 11 
Pleased All Around. The service I received especially given the time of year the Holidays was outstanding. The order was prompltly filled and sent. The product, a set of Henckel 
Handy, Inexpenisive and Efficient!. I bought this steamer hoping it would get the job done the job being my kitchen floor that had some sort of gluey mess all over 
It Slices, it Dices. Global knives are really awesome. This knife is amazingly sharp. Due to my own carelessness, I have actually cut my finger twice with this knife. I 
review of pike street Flannel queen sheet set: floral scroll. the product is fine, if you like lively colors  
Good experience. You can put your ingredients in the evening and leave it slow cooking all night and in the morning you have your lunch read  
Loving It!. My two tanks of Cichlids, Loaches and catfish love this food. Gives them high energy so they re active and interesting throughout the day. Also the tank appears 
I love my knives. The look exactly like the picture and are very comfortable to use. It s good that they are in their own case because it ensures that 
Great Non-Stick Surface. This fry pan is great. The non-stick surface is superior to any I ve ever purchased  
great value. This is a good value and the company selling it has good customer service.Highly recomended  
16 oz stainless steel soap pump is a good buy. This soap pump was purchased to replace a more expensive model that eroded away after 2 months of use. It 
A great value and no problems with breakage. I ve had these glasses for over a year now and we ve had great luck with them. We always put them 
Excellent product. i was very pleased at the quality of this duvet. The flannel is of very soft and thick quality for the price. Size is perfect for the queen, 
Good night sleep for everyone. Bed says it s for 3 and up, but works great for traveling with our 19-month old. Our son refused to sleep in the pack-n-play 
Love it. I bought this item to use instead of using large blender. Love it!!! Easy to use and easy to clean. Kitchen Aide products are very dependable and this 
My first satin sheets. I was very pleased with the quality of these sheets. The fit was great and have been washed and dried twice and look like new. I 
Reliable product. We bought this deep fryer around 3 years ago and it is still working great! We received a fancier deep fryer for a gift, but the fancy one 
Fiesta Cinnabar 831 4-Piece Dinnerware Place Setting, Service for 1. Item was shipped quickly, it was well packed and exactly what we wanted  
Stemless wine glass. I really like these glasses. They are attractive and pleasant to hold. I prefer having a wine glass that doesn t contain a lot of wine - 
great heater, very quiet. This little heater works well! The snap-down wheels made it very easy to install no assembly required . The thermostatic variable control works well unlike some 
Dandy Little Vac. I bought this vacuum to use in the bathroom which I share with my cat s kitty litter box. It sits in the corner and after I 
Great Vintage Looking Piece For Your Kitchen!!. I got this canister and it has a nice heft, the liner is pink and the lid is very well made. It is 
Great product. I love it! I would have rather had the cobalt blue, but they were out of stock, so I settled for red and I really like the red 
Very pleased thus far. Admittedly, I ve only had this mixer for a couple of months, but I ve been quite pleased with it. I ve never owned a stand 
I love this item. Fast oil-less popcorn from the microwave. great for college. I got this 10 years ago in college, and still use it periodically when I don t 
I LOVE MY MACHINE!. I grew up in a family that made home-made ice-cream at all of their gatherings. When I saw this machine and read about it s history 
So far so good and I dont understand the negative reviews. We just purchased ours this past week and we love it!! We ve had glass coffee makers before and 
Popcorn for your home theatre. This Nostalgia Popcorn maker is a smaller version of the real thing found in Cinemas. It does a great job on a smaller scale. IT 
Pitted against the cherries. Rapid, efficient,sturdy and easy to clean. Must to attached to the edge of a counter and the right edge was hard to find. I hand pitted 
Works great -- I almost threw out my area rug!. I have a 9 x 12 area rug in my living room from Pottery Barn. With 2 cats, a dog 
The gem of non-stick. I am a serious cook, and I have tried just about every non-stick cookware available, and been disappointed--it either didn t work, or it didn t 
The best designed kettle ever!. Not only is this kettle incredibly cute, but the design makes it much more functional than other kettles. The lid comes off, which allows you 
Product from a particular manufacturer questioned. I have had this humidifier before, purchased from Walmart, but when they stopped carrying them at my local store, I shopped online. The 3 
satisfaction. The product was familiar to me and I was very pleased to get such a quality product for a reasonable price. It was shipped and arrived here in good 
Fuzzy logic steam. I considered the more expensive Zojirushi brand because of it s reputation; however, picked this Panasonic cooker because it has Steamer function. Many expensive, higher-end rice cookers 
Can t beat the bargain. A 300-thread-count, 100 cotton set of queen size sheets for 12.99?????? These deserve 5 stars on price alone. Plus they re decent quality, too. Sure, 
Soft sheets. These sheets are soft to the touch & don t shrink when washed. Free shipping  
Great little tower. This is my third mission collection item, and it lives up to the other two. You can t go wrong with this collection. I use it for 
It is so 50 s !. I bought this pitcher for the pleasure I get just by looking at it. When I was little my grandma had one in her 
Excellent in most respects. Pros:- Sturdy, well-built feel- Nice loud beeper I m hard of hearing, so this is important - Intuitive operation- Good ease-of-use featuresCons:- Squishy-feeling buttons- Display is 
Just what you need. It does keep the coffee fresh!! We depend on it. Buy it!! It even looks great  
Progressive International Soap Dispenser. I love these dispensers. Their long spouts make using them in the kitchen and laundry simple. Their sleek styling goes with every decor. The wide base 
Great for really thin slices. I have used this slicer several times a week for almost 6 months. It is still as sharp as the day I got it. I 
My dog loves it... Every time I pick up the can of peanut butter goo, he completely loses his mind, and then quietly sits on the floor and eats it 
Works wonders!!!. My dog had ear problems for years and finally came across this product. Cleared it up in one week, with only a couple of applications. I d highly 
The Best Can Opener. Easy to use, great warrantee. Light years from other can opener  
Love It. This pan is the best! Nice heavy weight, great size. Can grill 2large or 3 medium sandwiches at the same time !  
Love the Garlic Twist. I love garlic but hate to chop it up. This gadget is a great time-saver, delivers perfectly minced garlic every time without waste and it s 
Great Ice Tea Maker. I owned two of the 2-quart predecessors to this unit and wore them both out; I drink a lot of ice tea.After buying one of these 
great price, timely delivery. The title says it all. I got a great price and their delivery exceeded my expectations  
This is a MUST HAVE. I bought this fan 2 years ago from Phoenix and it is still going strong! Its quiet and unwaveringly loyal. I bought my 2nd one 
Just what I needed. Hate to have my big ironing board up all the time, and also hate folding it up to put it away.So now I have my little 
Amazon steps up. One of these four lovely wine glasses came broken and Amazon sent a new set as replacement without extra charge. That s why I m a fan! 
Took care of my mess. Let me describe my floors... I turn 30 tomorrow. I m a bachelor with a dog and cat. I m also an avid messy cook 
Great hot plate...utnil it died!. This is a great hot plate for a bachelor pad or if you live somewhere without a kitchen, like me! The plate size is a 
Not as good as expected. I expected a lot from this product... and its great... almost.I am a college student who loves to cook... but hates to clean dishes. Normally 
STURDY Sterilite Cabinet. I own 5 old style gray other brand cabinets & loved them - then bought 4 new style gray other brand cabinets - they are flimsy and 
Awesome blanket. If you are trying to decide between this blanket and the Martex Vellux also sold on Amazon for 22.99 as of Sep 29 2006 -- as a purchaser 
Litter Robot 2. We purchased the LR2 after a Litter Maid automatic litter box stopped working. We had the Litter Maid for about one year before it started getting clogged 
Awesome Dyson!. I recently purchased the Dyson DC 15. It is lightweight and did a great job picking up my Dog s hair. The price at Amazon was the lowest 
still works perfectly. I bought this grinder a year ago, and we use it everyday, sometimes multiple times a day. It produces a consistent grind, is very easy to change 
Excellent roasting rack. I bought the All-Clad Roasting Rack and used it in a 40.00 roaster not the All-Clad!! It was a great investment. I got all the non-stick advantages 
Iris Plastic Pen is Great. I purchased the Iris Commercial Grade Plastic Pen for a cat that needs to be separated while eating due to dietary reasons. It is magnificent. 
Bell & Howell Ionic Whisper Air Purifier Seems Good. Nice compact size-can be moved easily. Does freshen the air in the room noticeably. On whisper setting is almost silent. On 
Great products. I love this, my bananas last at least 2 weeks. This replicates the way bananas grow in the wild. Try it, you wont be dissapointed.  
Great Slow Cooker & Crock Pot. Just wanted to say I finished making a delicious beef stew with my new slow cooker. It is wonderful. Came in excellent condition all 
great for heavy use. I am a sous chef and I use this knife to break down everything from shell steak to veal chops, and I love it. I also 
Very big, but works great. OK, if you want to cook for a family of 4, this is for you. I didn t realize how BIG it was when I 
It works for me. I got this mortar & pestle to grind pills for my cat. It works wonderfully for that purpose. It crushes the pills in a couple of 
Our cats love that extra bit of heat. Our cats love this mat and it s cheaper and probably safer than the plug-in kind. I added a photograph to this 
Great knife sharpener!. You must read the instructions and follow them to get the knackof making new knife blades out of old. It took a bit to get myextremely dull 
Great accent piece with many kitchen uses. I had been searching for the ideal vessel to hold kosher salt on my kitchen counter, and this petite casserole is sturdy enough 
Great for large loads!. I just received this item yesterday, and what a great purchase. I bought it for my boyfriend who is 6 5 250 LBs. A previous hamper 
Great steamer. The steamer is great for our Calphalon stainless steel pots. Love it  
Daily user - fruit smoothies for breakfast. Over the past 3 years, we have owned a commercial quality KitchenAid with a stainless steel pitcher and a high end Oster unit.Neither 
Time to Change the HEPA Filter on Your Air Cleaner?. Before ordering a replacement HEPA filter for your Honeywell or other brand Air Cleaner, be sure to check the model 
Great for laundry sorting. We purchased these to sort our laundry. They work great, saves time. The only thing that was off, was the shipping, each one came in a 
An excellent cooking vessel. This has hands down become the most versatile piece of equipment in my kitchen. I really needed a smaller covered vessel that could go from stove 
Great Item. I bought this breadbox and it is better than I thought. IT holds to bog loaves of bread and some small bread ontop of that if need be. 
Coppertail Knife, Rachael Ray. Awesome knife, we love it, both the real chef and the amateur.Great size for the little lady, and fine for the more big boned sorta cooks 
Best non-stick I ve ever had. We ve had this for almost two years- and it gets used on average 2-3 times per week. Its still in fantastic shape. No 
Very beautiful!. They are very beautiful cruets packaged very well! The tops are made of glass as well. The shape is gorgeous... look like a decorative piece  
Pizzelle iron. I have always used the metal irons and was concerned about the nonstick. I was afraid the structure would create thicker pizzelles which are more cookie like versus 
The search may be over... I have to say since I have been using this pillow 2 weeks I have never once got up with a stiff or sore neck. 
soft and silky. These pillow cases are so soft to sleep on. They re large enough to fit a king size pillow, so they re a little large for my 
Great Product. I was searching for a juicer for a long time and was contemplating the Jack LaLanne Juicer which my brother had. I came across this and was a 
Very good unit. I hate heat. This little fan appears well made and delivers a nice breeze. It s fairly quiet. I d like a little more breeze, but this 
Gorgeous, Unique & Useful!. Gorgeous, Unique & Useful! I bought this as a gift and it is the recepient s favorite. Great gift...do not hesitate..Buy Now!  
Grapefruit spoons. I have experience using a variety of grapefruit spoons.These are sharp, angled approppriately, are attractive, and appear to be quality stainless steel. I recommend these spoons  
Great cutting board!. My mom bought me one for a gift & it s the only cutting board I will ever have. I ve had them for around 20 years! 
a supeb all round knife. I ve had this knife for seven years now and it is still my favorite kitchen knife.Superbly sharp,lightweight in the hand and well balanced, this 
Come on... it is fine. I have had one of these pots for years using a gas stove top. No experience with flat surface though. No problems with cooking any 
Fiesta Fruit bowl. Item was satisfactory but thought it was bigger. Probably my mistak  
Love It. I don t know why but both my wife and live in Aunt say that I now make the best pancakes they have ever tasted. My Aunt is 
Good quality. Aside from the lid hinge on the accessory case this is a very high quality product and I would recommend it highly.  
Beautiful and Functional. This looks wonderful hanging from the pot rack. After several washings, it has retained its bright silver appearance. It strains fairly fine particles, is easy to clean 
Very Functional and Timelessly Stylish!. I have nothing but good things to say about these lovely souffle dishes...or, as I call them, large ramekins. They re sized generously, which makes 
This is a super starter set from Zwilling J.A. Henckels!. I have owned the 18-Piece Henckels Gourmet Knife Set for about 1 year now. I purchased these with some wedding 
Best 2 quart pot in the world. I got this to use with the Glorious ONE POT MEALS cookbook. It has wonderful recipies, and the pot works wonderful. Cleans up 
Excellent Value. These bowls are deep, great for chili and soups. They are sturdy and seem to hold up to everyday wear in a busy household. My only reservation is 
Great Light Good Price, But... Face it trying to put a light into a bed is always going to be a problem. I have stepped on this light, slept on 
Excellent towels. I love these towels! For 19.99, they re a steal! The towels washed well and they are very absorbent and not too heavy. The ecru color I purchased 
Cinnabar Fistaware Platter. great product in great condition just wish it qualified for the lower shipping cost - that keeps me from ordering mor  
It s a holly, jolly Christmas!. I just un-packed this sweet gingerbread house and it s begining to look a lot like Christmas! Quick way to brighten things up and 
Why do people expect silence?. If you want a silent, useless air cleaner, go buy an overpriced oreck or sharper image unit. It will reduce things like smoke and tiny, 
This Is The Real Deal. I am on a very restrictive diet. Since I require extremely lean meats I must know the quality of the meats in ground products. I 
perfect for 1 or 2 cups of tea, etc. The size of this electric kettle is just right for leaving out on the counter - doesn t get in the 
Amazing deal. Considering the price, I was a bit worried. The fabric is very nice and the color just right. Comes very wrinkled but I touched it up with an 
Very nice!. I didn t give this snowman a 5 star rating for one reason only: I received the teddy bear and it is soooo much more nicer than this 
It fits my need. I was deciding whether to get this 2 cups coffeemaker or the french press, since only 2 people in the household drink coffee. After reviewing the 
Black & Decker G48TD Grill and Waffle Baker. Great item,although A little pricy.Waffles stick occasionally. But over all a great product  
all this and more for under 20 dollars. This is a wonderful throw to have around the house on those chilly evenings when a blanket may be just too much. 
don t buy it here. Don t buy it here, I just went and bought this at Linen s and Things for 8.00. Amazon is selling it for nearly 30.00. 
Great cooking gloves. For the camper, chuckwagon enthusiast, or dutch oven cook, these gloves are great for working the fire and moving hot cast iron pans. They are leather, lined 
Best Coffee Maker I ve owned. I wanted to write this review after seeing the previous complaint that the on off switch on this coffee maker sticks.I purchased one of 
Excellent Value. I ve been using my Zojirushi carafe for about a month now, and I believe it s awesome. Like the other reviews here note, it keeps your beverage 
oneida expanding colander. This is best colandar for draining pasta, etc. I have ever used. I highly recommend it.  
Great product. I got the breadbox in a timely manner, it s simple, sturdy, and can hold two large loaves if need be. I m happy with it. It looks 
Watch your fingers. It s very easy to wipe off your blood from the chrome if you cut your thumb as I did while assembling this lovely shelf. Some individual 
fun for kids, sophisticated enough for adults too. I bought this shower curtain and bath rug from The Company Store several months ago, and I really love it for our 
Cute and Functional Hamper. I love this hamper. It is large, but I bought it to hold all of my son s toys so that is what I wanted. My 
The best meat pan for your money!. This pan was highly recommended by America s Test Kitchen, and they were not kidding! The wide bottom holds a lot of meat 
Love it!. My husband loves it when we go to hotels and get to have belgian waffles. I saw this product in an email I recieved from another company and 
Cute tea pot. Perfect little tea pot. Just for two ! If you want to do tea correctly so I have been told you should let it steep in a 
Ultra Max Brita Water Pitcher. I have owned a Brita water pitcher for over 20 years. When my old pitcher ended up getting broken, I searched far and wide for 
Makes GREAT Coffee. We bought this over a month ago and we absolutely love the coffee it makes. Seeing the other reviews about problems with dripping and cleaning -- we 
Nice, but. . . This drawer insert is very nice, and held together much better than the utensil drawer divider. The only gripe I have with this unit is that 
simple to use. This toaster has simple, finite controllable dials which produce perfect toasting. The cleanup is simple, the look is sleek, and the results are wonderful  
Very nice knives. Light, and quick. Find out if you like heft or speed. I love to cook, I m decent in chinese and french foods and I love all 
Great. The roaster was delivered earlier than expected, arrived in excellent condition and is very nice. Easy to clean  
Elegance 600 TC Sheets - Qn - Scarlet. Sheets are great - not quite as soft initially as I thought they would be. Maybe that will change with a few 
Butter Dish. What can I say? It lives up to its hype: it covers 1 stick of butter and fits into my decor.  
More Than a Pizza Stone. This is more than a Pizza Stone, it is a total Baking Stone. Not only does it do the job on fresh homemade pizza, but 
Great for puppy or small dog. I bought this crate for my Shih Tzu puppy and it was the perfect purchase for her. She s in and out of it 
I love Vornado products... I use these presorb filters on my Vornado AQS35 filter system and they are fabulous. I change them every few months and change the HEPA filter 
This is my first slow cooker, and it s great. I bought this slow cooker 6 months ago, mostly based on its attractive looks. I read the reviews about the 
yesteryears designs for today. The Hamilton Beach eclectric coffeemaker features all the conveniences of amodern appliance with the retro look of the 50 s. It makes excellent coffeeand is programmable. 
Betta Kit Heat Source. You use the optional light kit 7W to maintain heat for your Betta.We live in chilly Canada and have no problems with this tank. The colors 
Champ Grill. Great for grilling steaks, chicken, or sandwiches for one or two persons. You have to be careful not to burn the meat because the unit does not have 
Bialetti Moka Easy. I have been extremely happy with my espresso maker and would like to find more to give as gifts. This electric model is so easy and fast 
Thermal cat Cushion. I love the print and not to mention having my bed back from my kitty s. The only thing I would note is the crinkling noise from 
Zojirushi Thermal Pot. I am very pleased with my thermal pot and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good quality pot. I especially like the built in lazy 
A fine little microwave. The microwave is exactly as described. It shipped quickly & was packaged well  
Well Pleased. This sharpener is exactly what I hoped for. I have used it enough to overcome the learning curve and am very well pleased  
Soft and comfy. I needed something to cover a comforter I had purchased on Amazon a few months back the quality wasn t the best and the cat started eating 
Ok, so they cut. I use Wusthof cutlery but I couldn t bring myself to pay 250 for a few steak knives. I like what I ve been reading about 
EXCELLENT VALUE. This mill performs as promised and is beautiful to boot. I would expect to pay much more for such a product. The grind is even and consistent. The 
Small but tasty. This ice cream maker takes AA batteries and your refrigerator s freezer to work. It takes 4-5 hours for it to complete the ice cream. The results? 
Looks great. I ve used this several times in the past. It always looks and smells like I ve just had my rugs shampooed. Great item, but them so is 
35 years and they re finally showing wear. I ve been using these knives at home since I was a child. My parents received their set as a wedding gift 
Dyson DC-14 Low reach. The vacuum works great but after a few uses one of the tools broke. I called Dyson and they said they would send a new piece 
Broil King Ultra Large Electric Griddle. I recently purchased this griddle for my brother. I ve had one for several years and really like it. It s great for a 
Great size, great value. I so enjoy this pot. It heats evenly and retains heat. I can make a pot of something after school and then turn the stove oven 
Cuddly soft. I love having blankets to cuddle up with on the couch. This comfort throw is a great deal. I paid 12 and could easily find it priced around 
Louise Buckner. I bought the automatic Littermaid scooper that uses these filters. Unfortunately the filters need to be changed almost daily to keep odors down. This can be very expensive 
Sweet. The last time I used a stick blender was back in the 80s when the Braun version first hit the consumer market and the infomercials started pitching that Venturri 
QUITE A CUISINART. With the exception of cleaning this appliance, it s a fantastic product! What appliance don t you have to clean! The coffee is absolutely delicious! I would 
This is a GOOD hotplate investment!. Hello shoppers,This unit is small and compact with little wasted space making it ideal for my purposes. I have high hopes that the two 
Very Nice Chair!!!!!. This chair is so nice, and looks more expensive then it really is. Very easy to put togther this chick did it all by herself in about 
Very satisfied. This replacement HEPA filter for the Honeywell 20500 Enviracaire air purifier was easy to install and was much more economical than found at other sites. Was well packaged, 
Love my Floor Mate SpinScrub. I ve used my Floor Mate over two years on my hard wood floors and I ve only used a light mix of Shaklee Basic 
Quality. I am pleased with the craftmanship and quality of my Cuisinart Pizzelle Press. Easy to use and easy to clean  
my favorite kitchen appliance. I have this grill and use it 3-5 times a week to grill chicken or sandwiches. Works great, just warm it up for 5 minutes, pop 
My Cats Love This Food!. Because my two cats are indoor cats, we decided to begin feeding them Purina Cat Chow Indoor Formula once they were weaned off kitten chow.They 
Ultimate use. Let s face it, you make an effort to have your home clean and coordinated. Nice furniture and practical book shelves. But you do not live alone; there 
Makes a great pot of coffee. I ve just had this about a week, but so far am very pleased. My mother has an older model 4-cup Black & Decker 
Shun Knives are Beautiful, Elegant, and the Sharpest around. The Utility Knife is definitely one you want in your collection, but I would rank it as the top 5, not 
powerful vaccum with one touch rewind the wire, Wow!. My wife was very impressed with that one touch rewinding the wire feature. She also likes the powerful vacuum that can 
Would be perfect with a few small modifications. As everyone else has indicated, programming isn t intuitive. The opening was larger than necessary and my cats learned to stick their 
Floors Made Easy. We have lots of ceramic tile. My wife used to use extra large sponge mops and became frustrated when looking for replacement heads, both locating and replacing. 
return to revere ware. My sister used revere ware for years then thought she would try something advertised as better .That product did not work and now she is happy 
Great Coffee. My wife and I drink more coffee than we probably should. This Cuisinart coffee maker brews a full pot in just a few minutes. It taste great. I 
Excellent. I bought this fountain 5 months ago and have been extremely pleased with is so far. I have 5 cats, and of course cat hair gets in it, like 
Toast!. You take a piece of bread and put it into one of the holes in the top of the toaster. Then you take another piece of bread and put 
Almost a 5!. The only reason this misses the 5th star is the trick to opening the canister - you have to catch the lid above the raised circle around 
Sharp. I m not sure how people are banging up their knives using this simple, effective sharpener. Slow down, folks. Take your time.I own a number of Global knives, and 
5 star. Very pleased with this knife set. Very attractive and very easy to use for all types of cooking tasks  
Glasses are Great, Shipping not so Great!. Ridel makes a fine and affordable product. In the 5 or so years I have been an Amazon customer I have never had 
Holmes Twin Window Fan. The fan was mailed promptly and arrived quickly to my home. It has been great these last couple hot and humid weeks. I especially like the 
terrific pot. What a great pot. Heats evenly. Great for searing and creating fond. Reduces perfectly because of it s shape. I use this pot probably more than anything else 
Better for your body. I ve heard that steaming vegetables is much better for you than cooking them otherwise. This does a great job at it. It makes vegetables taste 
Good heater for tiny tanks. This heater works well, not bad for small tanks 5 gallons or less . I purchased this for my 1 gallon tank, and it heated 
Love em. I ve fallen love with soft-cooked eggs all over again with these perfect egg-spoons  
Great Price for a Great Set. Wonderfully soft and absorbent. Well worth the price  
Little gem!. I love my Rev n Chef. I use it nearly every day. You can chop your onions without tears, mince garlic without smelly hands, mix together herbs and 
It doesn t get any better. I love my CatGenie. I set it up a few days ago, and the cats are already in love with it, not to mention 
Smallest and truly unique, durable, store where you need it. When space is at a premium as in RVs, or where you want an extra picker-upper near the point of 
Perfect for dips. This crock is great, just the right size to keep dips warm. The 3 settings keep whatever your keeping warm from scorching. The removable crock is a 
Amazing Product!. I also purchase the same trashcan but I didn t have the same problems, infact I didn t have any problems at all! When I first got the 
Good Espresso-No Hassle. I ve been using this style maker since 1968, when I was introduced to it by my friend s wife, who grew up in Little Italy NY 
Too collapsible. All in one versatile use. Very nice width and lid to conform to each collapse. Goes from freezer refrigerator to microwave nicely and hasn t stained yet. The 
Great great GREAT. We take this to every family picnic, and it works great. In fact, a few of our aunts have asked about getting it to take with them. 
Love these blankets!. I have bought 2 of these for my daughters and they love them, they are very warm  
Magnetic Knife Rack is great!. It looks exactly as it was shown in the online photo, nice and sleek, and quite strong. Very nice  
Great espresso from a mid-range machine. After conducting research for a few weeks, visiting Amazon, as well as other coffee aficionado sites, I finally purchased the Saeco Aroma espresso maker 
Great idea for feeding a few critters... I ve owned several cricket-keeping devices and to date this is my favorite. Although I have several reptiles ranging from Leopard Geckos to 
GrandPappy Electric Deep Fryer. This is a really great product, especially for the price. I do wish it was just a tad bigger, though.  
They work. There s not much in the superlative that one can say about a vac filter. They work as they are supposed and do it just fine  
Excellent Tool. I have had my Taylor Classic Yeast Roast Thermometer for about 30 years to the best of my memory and find it an excellent tool. It is utterly 
Easy and fun. I received my fountain and the kids couldnt wait til I plugged it in. A little assembly was required but didnt take long. I followed directions and 
Great Deal for the Money...If You ve Got the Time. I would have to agree that this was a little more time consuming than most items to assemble. My husband 
Jewel ice. This mold is totally great! I got it for my husband to serve jewels in the drinks when we play his favorite role playing game. All our guests 
The Best. I have two china sets, but I needed something for every day, and I needed something for a big holiday. This is the best set out there after 
Nice toaster. So far this toaster seems to be living up to the expectations I had for it, it toasts pretty evenly, it s easy to clean, and the bagel 
Solution for the single guy. This is my first Amazon review, but I had to give a shout-out on this clever and well-made item. I m a single guy in 
never got these dishes. My husband and I took over a house with 2 kitchens, and I wanted to decorate the smaller one in cream an black. I fell in 
Wearever Skillet. This skillet is as good as all of the Wearever cookware I have purchased from Amazon which is excellent  
I recommend it. We keep most of our wine in the basement. I bought this to display a few bottles in the kitchen and have them accessible. I was a 
cat accepted it. I think that the product is ok, unobtrusive and easy to adjust... by my opinion isn t really significant.What matters is that the cat wasn t annoyed 
Petsafe Battery. It was the same battery that came with the collar. The price was right  
Fetch!. I was reluctant to buy these for my cat since i knew how annoying they could be. But of course, she loves them above all other toys! She loves 
Wonderful Idea!. Never before have I seen a Hookless Shower Curtain until my husband and I stayed at a recently renovated Red Roof Inn in upper NY State. The Hookless 
great buy. these are great knives at this price. they are very sharp and look expensive. they are not the twins but henckels has made a good product affordably  
easy. one of the easiest filters to install. differance from tap to this filter was amazing. water tasted better and was very clear in color  
mini disk pitcher. Item was in a box, in perfect condition and delivered in 2 days  
Works great. I have one and I bought two as presents. At first, people seem to think that it s another space heater . Ho hum. Then once they try 
Smaller than what I envisioned but great. I really like this to cook with as it s deep. It s smaller than what I had envisioned but it is heavy 
egyptian cotton blanket. very nice, warm blanket, but too big for a full size bed, way too big  
Reveiw From Salt and Pepper Shakers. What a great masterpiece! This beautiful salt and pepper shaker set is an attractive, useful set. Great to use for bright rooms! Cheery color- 
sandwich tray. The tray is beautiful. I bought it for a christmas present. Anyone who is collecting this pattern should be pleased. Additionally I have looked at many sites to 
A Perfect Fit!. I read a lot of reviews before making this purchase, then I went to a Williams Sonoma and handled the knife before making a final decision. Many 
No more rings!. We have a house full of wood furniture, but not a lot of coasters to go around. I m so glad I did my research and found 
Kygen Dog Agility Kit. THIS IS THE GREATEST! I had been pricing kits at about 1500 and more. This was the answer to my dreams. It is good quality, simple 
Mickey Waffler is GREAT!!!!. I recently bought the Mickey Wafflemaker for my wife. She saw it being used down at Disney World and fell in love with it. She was 
before you order. I was very impressed with this product. My cats, however, were not. My cats, age 10, have only been in a carrier about 3 times and that 
salad servers. The servers are very pretty. Unfortunately, my sister-in-law put them in the dishwasher when visiting. They look kind of dull now. Be sure to hand wash them to 
Great Product Great Company. I just want to say I am not sure why the person who lost a piece of the product in her Dawn Ulepich Dawnski337 Illinois haste 
Great Travel companion. I love this pot. It fits easily in my suitcase to boil water anywhere I go. Great for quick instant coffee, tea, soup, noodles. I usually buy 
Trendy yet practical. Very stylish and yet very user family friendly-say goodbye to acrylic. These will not break and you can toss them in the dishwasher. Buy two sets  
Good. It s cheap, nice and useful. I like this kind of stuff for the kitchen. Buy it.  
A wonderful gadget. As my hands become useless, this type of pepper mill is great. I saw Ming Tsai using one on his TV show so I had to have 
The best wok you can buy!. This isn t the first nonstick wok I had purchased, but it might be the best one I ever need. Beside I like the 
Cute, comfortable and lovable. I received my Mogu about 5 months ago and I ve gone to sleep holding it ever since!They really are nice to hold.Would reccomend 100  
Beautiful cakes. This pan is wonderful. I didn t get it by Valentines day, but I used it for a something special later. The cake was beautiful and practically jumped 
THE BEST WAY TO MELT CHOCOLATE, AND GREAT FOR FONDUE TOO!. I saw this product at the Housewares Show in Chicago last March. I bought two of them on www.chocolatemelter.com 
Excellent dishware. You just can t go wrong with Fiestaware. It s sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily from table to dishwasher to cabinet . And if my rough-on-dishes family 
Great!. Great popper. Looks good, easy to clean, makes popcorn quickly. Just add butter & salt when done if you like.  
This attachment actually makes me WANT to dust!. Let me preface my review by saying that I am a 25-year-old woman who isn t really big on doing chores. I 
Excellent Oscillating Stand Fan. I have used a number of oscillating stand fans over the years -- the worst being the pathetic chrome Bionaire designer model with no motor vents, 
NOT Deep Dish!. Was looking for a deeper pan. LeCreuset products are a favorite but returned this, too shallow for lasagn  
Perfect for keeping a few bottles around, and a nice decorating addition!. We have gotten a lot of use out of this wine rack. We love wine, but we don 
So much better than an electric blanket!. I got one of these someplace else in Queen size. Toss a cheapo 39 down comforter on top to hold in the heat 
The best toy on the market for med to large breeds, hands down. There is a reason that they include the word almost in the name. My super energetic lab 
Very versatile product, highly recommend. A friend of mine recommended these spatulas and I couldn t be more pleased. If you have ever owned the standard rubber spatulas with a 
Excellent cookware-more product for the mony. I was very impressed with this cookware. I was a little skecptical about the handles being stainless steel, because I thought they would be 
Henckel Knives. I love my Henckel knives and was delighted with the price! I live in Germany and have wanted a set for years, but the price was prohibitive. This 
Excellent Garment Steamer!. Heats up in 5 min., steams out wrinkles usually on first pass-over but occaisionally requires one more. It s light enough to carry in case you need 
Nice for cooking side dishes. I use this pan for side dishes like veggies or making gravy. Don t use this pan as often as my 2 1 4 quart 
Versatile. Not only is this an excellent roaster, it also works great as a turbotiere--perfect for poached flounder, and, by turning the rack upside-down and adding some water to the 
Zak Designs Studio Lill Red Dishes. I really like the Zak Design dishes. They add such a nice color to my kitchen table when eating meals. It appears to make 
Great natural bookcase. I bought 3 of these. They are a great addition to my natural PC table and 2 bookcases that I already had.The price is great too  
Franciscan Appleware. Exactly what we were looking for and exactly as advertised. VERY fast shipping, which I appreciated during the holiday season  
iced tea spoons. These were a little lighter and smaller than I expected, but otherwise seem to be of good quality  
Cheap, but great!. Ok, this whole thing is plastic and metal with a cheap paint job, but you can only tell when you get close up. This is the best 
Great product, Great Value. I love finally having sharp kinves to cut with. I no longer squish things apart as they glide through green pepper and tomoato skins. Slicing meat 
Awesome. I bought this fish turner for my step-dad who is a commercial fishman. He loved it, and uses it almost every day. I would definitely recommend it to anyone 
Exceptional. I was amazed how my cat loves to watch this DVD. When he hears the music, he runns in front of the TV and enjoys his show. He follows 
Good. It was a little aggravating to assemble. Directions were not for this product. Packaging was not so great! It has stayed together and not loosened up as much as 
Give Credit Where Credit is Due. I found this site before getting to the real Rival site. Like many, I was searching for the site for replacement parts. I realized 
Laurie. I really like this fondue pot & it functions well. The only thing I would like to see is a domed lid that would fit this so I could 
The best cat kannel. My 21 year old cat Todd loves travelling. When I am on a holiday I always put him into the kannel. He isn t nervous about 
Elegant and perfect. This decanter was exactly what I wanted - elegant and sleek design. The only difficult part about the decanter is pouring - you really have to tip 
Butter comes in different sizes!. I bought the fiestaware cobalt butter dish while living in Arizona. The butter sold there is packaged in shorter, wider, and higher sized sticks. So, 
Worked like a champ. I used to live in a quiet neighborhood with three yappy Australian Shepherds, one of them next door, and two more on the other side of 
Steam Away. This is a good cleaning product. The quality is good and the unit is easy to use. It has enough water capacity to clean an entire bathroom, unlike 
These tumblers are great!. I love the large size of these tumblers, as I can get a whole can of pop with ice in them. The thermal feature works good, 
A college student s perspective. I just recently received this odor eliminator. It was much bigger than I expected but very easy to setup and use. The filters are relatively 
Perfect!. I was originally going to sink a lot of money into some sort of airpot, but I found this while looking for a rice cooker and couldn t resist 
Bang For Your Buck. Got this delightful piece of cookware at the Amazon Friday sale for below 30. The best time to purchase this product is the `Friday Sale . 
West Bend Griddle great!. This griddle is great for week-end pancakes. The temperature dial ensures that all pancakes from the first to the last come out a perfect golden brown. 
Boss The Best. After researching and finally deciding on a vacuum, the Boss upright is perfect. I prefer inserting bags into a vacuum and this is possible with this vacuum. 
The perfect dog toy. This could well be the perfect dog toy, especially if your dog is a Queensland Heeler with a knack for destroying plastic Frisbees, tennis balls, etc. 
Love it!. I haven t had this for very long, but I m impressed by its sturdiness and utility. I ve made braises and soups in it and love its 
Important Information. I had a Pur Plus water filtration system, but it developed a leak. The Pur company, with absolutely no hassles, sent me a new Ultimate faucet mount water 
Le Creuset Stoneware 6-quart casserole. As with other Le Creuset stoneware products, this offers even cooking and easy cleanup. The 6-quart capacity easily holds lasagna or pot roast for 10. 
An important addition to a cast iron enthusiasts collection. As I ve mentioned in previous reviews, I am a faithful follower of items manufactured by the Lodge company. Family owned 
Great knives. I just purchased this knife set for my son for Christmas, after reading good reviews. The knives have met all my expectations so far. They are very sharp, 
Great spatula. Highly heat resistant, flexible enough without being too flexible, overall a great spatula, and my go-to utensil for a lot of jobs  
the perfect toaster. What a toaster--The retro look is classy but attractive---the browning of bagles is quality plus and consistent--the overall quality of worksmanship is indeed impressive---whether bread, muffins, bagles, 
pot holders. These are the best because all other silicones are not flexiable...these wrap right around handles...I intend to order several more sets for xmas gifts  
Bye-bye George!. I ve owned two George Foreman grills and his electric outdoor indoor grill. This Hamilton Beach is so much better when you compare the features you get for 
If color matters...... My dog really loves this bed & I really like the idea of a cool side & a warm side . However, the color is not what 
Beautiful pattern and delicate cup. Teacup and saucer are even more intricate than pictured. Also, Amazon did a fabulous job with careful packaging and shipped very promptly  
Wow, I finally found it!. This is a super product! I take mine everywhere - in the summer it s great for ice coffee and in the winter I use 
Its Fabulous. Love this thing - great having bubbly water at home - fun gadge  
excellent service and products. The filter media I purchased was perfect and arrived quickly. Thanks  
GREAT NEW TECHNOLOGY. SUPER COMFY AND HELPS IMPROVE THE OXYGEN LEVEL IN MY BLOOD??? I M SOLD. THE KINK IN MY NECK IS FINALLY GONE!!!  
Partially satisfied user of 6 second abs for 6 months. Contrary to the opinion expressed in the previous review I found the resistance levels more than adequate. It might be 
T-Fal Toaster Oven a winner. T-Fal has a winner with the Toaster Oven. It arrived in excellent condition, was easy to operate, and has performed well. Makes a great alternative 
Corners are nasty.... VERY STRONG TABLE. I agree with the other review. Though I feel asleep on the couch while watching seinfeld and woke up in the middle of the 
Nice mattress pad!. I purchased two of these mattress pads when my second son graduated to a big boy bed. Wow - how nice! The sides fit the mattress snugly 
Office Fish Tank. I love the Office Fish tank watching the fish swim in and out of the file cabinet, over and under the desk, it has been an enjoyment 
Much better than the usual Target furniture. It was a joy not to have to hassle with those stupid cams and parts than don t fit although the bottom feet, 
A Blending Success. This blender is simply just powerful good looking blender that is so simple I bet even George W. Bush can use it no offense to Republicans, I 
Time saver. This product exceeded expectations and has expanded our menu due to ease of operation and cleanup. Cannot go wrong on this one  
Sharp and great looks!. I received these knifes as a wedding present and I m tickeled pick about them. They are very, very sharp and will cut through anything I 
Vacu Vin Wine Bottle opener. Amazing tool! I gave one to a friend who runs a restaurant and it cut his wine-bottling-opening-time down to zip, bam, boom and it s 
Very Nice. Superb, Beautiful, Delicate, Excellent Quality, A must have for your Wine Rack..Your special quests will love them  
Kevin. This is a great case for my GPS and the cords that go with it. Great product...  
Nice Mug - Not So Nice Price. This mug is nice and cute and durable - the color is even and matches well with the other cinnabar items I have. 
Sure Grip Instant Read Thermometer - great product. Works very well; easy-to-use design with a particularly nice handle. Recommended  
Brugo Mugs Aren t Bad. My husband and I both own one each and are happy with the product. The lids on ours work just fine and perform as advertised. 
Nice Mortar and Pestle Set for the Money. Really nice set for the money. Grinding surfaces are textured just like the more expensive sets. Lots of flexibility with 3 different 
6.25 ounce bowl. Great size for a small to moderate serving; Fiestaware has been a good find and value for our family 2 generations as all the place setting colors 
great gadget. I love it! It really works! I especially like it for onions. It is very easy to use, and not bad to clean up. Definitely worth the money 
better living through chemistry. I read some of the previous reviews on this product and it seems it works very good or not at all. In my case it works 
Couldn t raise a dog without this stuff. I have terriers and I live in an apartment. Occasionally it s my fault home late that they have an accident in 
excellent value. I m fond of Henckels cutlery, but had just been keeping them in a drawer with edge guards . An inexpensive block of this quality was a welcome 
Really Good Saucepan with Poor Finish. The pan does what you want it to do: distributes heat evenly and has a good, heavy, tight fitting lid. So why isn t 
A Perfectly Adequate Microwave. There is not much to say about this unit. It works, has not broken down, is sized adequately to fit in the corner of our remodeled 
Pretty good overall. I have had several of these for almost a year one at home, two at work . If you figure out how to use it right it 
Great, as expected. After buying a chef s knife last year, my wife asked for a whole set. We love them  
Krups tea kettle. We liked the older smaller one better. We rarely need the amount of water this one holds so because it is bigger it is heavier. But the 
Versatile, inexpensive, adapable storage solution. This bag is the greatest, it is made of the same fiber reinforced material that they use for those ubiquitous white, red and blue plaid 
Great fun. We got this for our 5 year old who wants to open a stand this summer for the kids in our neighborhood. He absolutely loved it. He was 
Hard to find in stores. This is our favorite flavor to use to make hamburger jerky. Our grandson will not eat hamburgers but eats this and loves it. Yes, he 
Great product. I got this oven as a replacement for an older DeLonghi model we ve been using for years in the office kitchen. My staff loves it. I can 
Really great knives. I bought these knives as a gift for a student at the California Culinary Academy. She said the knives are really great, far better then any Santoku 
great, but non-standard batteries. I found this to be bright enough for me to read without disturbing my bedmate. It s a soft light almost seems like a natural spectrum 
So very frothy... Great product. If you buy this item for froth this is the one. On the other hand...If you buy this product for making instant drinks for the 
Great oven mitts. just what was needed, the ability to pick up hot pans right from the oven. Perfect product for the application!  
spatula. this is a very nice, thin, flexible, good feel in the hand, light weight but strong spatula.  
Does it all for a economical price. Has all the features I needed e.g., clock, auto brew, sneak a cup, auto shut off. Unit works great. Paid 18.48 plus tax 
Good product if you have good tap water. I thought I would save money on seltzer with this product but it really comes out to be the same. If you 
Comfortable and fits well. Love these sheets, they are soft and fit well. I just wished they were a little less wrinkly coming out of the drye  
These scissors are like new after years of use!. I use my Joyce Chen scissors daily and they are still like new! Am slowly replacing all my scissors with this 
Great Little Fridge. I got mine in yesterday for my office. Works great, whisper quiet and not a single dent anywhere. It also does double duty as a great printer 
still going strong. Bought this as a gift for an employee in my office last year. She loves it. She s a hot person. She uses all year long even 
Great blender. This Kitchenaid blender arrived quickly. You could never tell the item was reconditioned. I purchased mine on the name brand and price alone. I had no idea what 
GREAT Product!. This rascal works GREAT! I put a half frozen bagel in it and it cut through no problem!I would HIGHLY recommend it over a holder and knife  
Great Flexible Fondue Set. This Swissmar fondue set is excellent. I love how stylish it is. I looked on Amazon and other sites looking for a flexible fondue set that 
Mini Citrus juicer. Exactly what I wanted and am glad I bought 2 of them!  
My most favorite Christmas Present!!!. What a wonderful knife...it feels natural in your hand, slices through anything, and cleans extremely easy...It even has its own spot in the drawer!!!  
Versatile and good-looking. This is essentially the All-Clad stainless steel 3 quart saucier fitted with 2 short handles. The dutch oven sold by All-Clad is a similar configuration of the 
Seems great value. Heavy constuction, riveted handles, real metal layers. I never usew them, but they look great hanging :  
Quality Wooden Spoon. We found this wooden spoon to be of the highest quality and well worth the price paid for it.  
Look nice and easy to embroider. I bought these to embroider on and they work great for that. They look really nice, make a nice gift.UPDATE: Since I ve purchased 
A very nice set of knives for a very nice price. Yes, there are probably better and prettier knives than this set. There is the ridiculously beautiful Katana set from 
Spa Washcloth Weight. Columbia towels are especially luxurious to use and for a long time I didn t use them because they looked so lovely and new hanging in the 
Good slow cooker. This is a versatille item but note a few things: It heats up very slowly so use it for braising. It s cast iron so wash and 
awesome. Set is nice but too expensive and dry clean only...there is no excuse to not include the separate sheet set at this price. The cover and shams are wonderful 
Fun Machine. Although the box arrived in good condition and the machine was well-packed inside, the machine arrived broken. Makes me wonder when where it was dropped! The front plate 
Luxury Sleeping. Tommy Hilfger had done it again making high quality bedding for all to enjoy. Go to bed with comfort, style, and class  
Rosle Fruit Muddler. This little tool is great! I use it to mash bananas for banana bread. It works really for this task and is very easy to clean! And 
Cat took right to his new toilet seat. Still having some slight problems with going potty on the toilet but goes to pee every time. He transitioned well to his 
Highly recommend this item!. This is my first electric litter box. I have two cats and they took to it the first day it was set up. It really decreases 
Just what I was looking for ... I wanted a case to store my sharp knives and keep them out of the hands of my little girl. This knife case 
After you ve tried the rest.... Perspective: I m 50 and have been an amateur cook for 30 years or so. I work with computers, currently.Like many of my generation, 
Didn t know what I was missing. These are my first set of wine glasses, and though expensive compared to sets sold by Ikea, these Riedels are worth the price. 
A great 2nd or 3rd knife. I like this knife, I really do. However, for it to be truly functional as a santoku knife, it has to have a scalloped 
Great Design and Very Sturdy. I initially ordered two of these two help organize my daughter s shoes...and have since ordered two more! The design is excellent, it is very 
great gift item!. These cheese knives are high quality, look sleek and have an ergonomic design. Makes a great gift item! I bought mine from HotDiscoveries and couldn t be 
SO EASY TO USE. This remote caddy is the best I have seen. It holds all of our remotes. TV Guide and HBO Guide. It could not be better  
Nesco Roaster Overn. I have had a Nesco 6 qt. roater over for over 30 years and recently bought another to use at another property.These are great, couldn t be 
MMMM...soft & fluffy !. This neck pillow is REAL comfy , cozy, soft & squishy---guess you can tell we like it.  
chop chop!. This is a great product. I don t cook becuase I don t have time to chop. This makes it a lot easier. Everyone in my office has 
ELEGANT ENGINEERING MAKES THIS ONE THE BEST. This review is intended for the 4700 series as pictured here with the see-through dustcontainer! It is a joy to use and simplicity 
Nice product but more involved to install than advertised. Westinghouse has made a great little remote here that works as promised. However the description on their own web site neglects 
Kitchen makes the best blender. It was more expensive than the others. BUT this will last us forever!Strong and solid... just like everything else KitchenAid we have ever bought before 
Cat behavior modification. This has decreased the amount of screeching battles between my male cat and new arrival quite a bit. The new one still does not like him, but 
I love my mogu. I love my mogu doll this is the third one that I have purchased. I now have two and my sister-in-law who always wanted to steal 
Warm, Fuzzy, and Good. This blanket works well, is soft and light weight, and is a good price. The wires are not bulky or distracting. It heats up quickly and 
THE ANSWER TO MY PRAYERS!. I have a lot of cats. I ve been a cat lover for a very long time. I ve spent a bundle on all kinds 
Great addition. A really great addition to our Fiesta collection. This bowl is the perfect size for soup, ice cream, etc. Also great as a small mixing bowl when cooking. 
Cute Vac for Kids. my 4 year old daughter loves her new barbie real vacuum. She has vacuumed with it every day since she got it for christmas. The only 
read the directions people!. I have to write in on this Mission line. I just got the end table and bookcase. I, like others, did not read the directions in 
Good Quality at reasonable price. I just had this pot rack installed and it looks great in my small kitchen. It s sturdy and functional. The finish is matte black 
cool carafe. I love this carafe - it is perfect for making flavored water with sliced lemons, limes & oranges. The narrow neck means that the fruit won t fall 
Sturdy!. These cups are larger than they appear! And very strong and sturdy - a thick ceramic. I use them every day to microwave eggs, etc.  
Cookie Cutter s . I ordered various cookie cutter sizes and shapes. I was pleased with them all. They were shipped quickly and packaged carefully  
it really works. Over the years I ve tried a good dozen humidifiers. Worries about bacteria, difficulty in filling up, and difficulty in operation led me to trash them all.I 
Great color!. The color of these is much stronger in real life than in the photo, they are bright and colorful. The middle stripe is actually pretty green. We ve 
Great transitional high chair. We got this for our daughter at 17 mos. We have it at our counter so she can use this chair instead of climbing up on 
Fabulous with warm water bath!. Like the other reviewers, it would be nice if the plastic was metal...but I love this little thing! I usually have tons of honey everywhere. 
Great scrambled eggs. I do not have this specific product but have owned another like it for many years 10 .This product, and others like it, will mix light mixtures.E.g., 
Tiny washer. I gave this to my daughter because she cannot have a regular washer in her apartment. I didn t think too much of it at first but she 
Great stir fry!. My girlfriend and I absolutely love a good stir-fry. Beef, chicken, seafood, it doesn t matter. We eat it all. This pan does a great job at 
Excellent!. Very happy with this item, I thought it was 12x12 but it was actually 8.5x11. But it s ok though! Beautiful colors and great thickness!  
cookware. This is the best cookware I have ever used, my boyfriend bought the set and now i wan to buy one. It did intices me into buy the 3 
very handy. Inexpensive and very handy to have. Makes laundry so much simpler and less of a hassle to do when i finally get around to it. I have an 
Difficult to find elsewhere. Plenty of plain Jane Corelle sets available outside but the colored and patterned ones are difficult to find. Great price at Amazon too. Can t be 
I like this so much I have two. I do a lot of baking from scratch and I liked this product so much that I have both a 2-cup and 
Good value price. Just tested this mixer a few days ago by making my usually hand-kneaded whole wheat bread recipe. It did the job well enough, although it was a 
Best put together furniture I have ever bought. I have bought many pieces in the past. And I have always had trouble with things matching up or the directions not 
I use this more than any other baking dish!. Oh my goodness, I can t say enough great things about this item! I own a 2 qt, 11 X 8.5 
Just what I wanted. Was looking for a crockpot small enough to cook one meal for two. I have used this one for soups, and stews and it works perfectly. 
Cats love it. It took them a couple of days of sniffing before they tried it, but once they tried it they loved it. The only problem with it is 
These are great knives. I bought this knife and block set as a Christmas gift for my wife. She loves it. Our only disappointment was that the block was a 
Very pleased. No more rubber seals!!! Lid fits tight, gauge is easly read and cooker is relatively light for its size, and its made in the USA proudly  
Mini-blind. The color of the item enlivened my office and is just right. Delivery was very prompt  
Delighted!. We tried our new Cuisinart waffle iron for the first time a few days ago. I loved the results: perfect level of browning, just the right size for breakfast 
Son is happy. My son is a HUGE Star Wars fan so when I found these I was very happy. They look wonderful hanging in his room. We bought the 
Classy &amp; Durable. I work in an assisted living facility and we use Fiestaware in the Alzheimer s area. These dinner plates are great because you have room for a 
silicone baking mat. I absolutely love this product. It is very easy to use and clean. Food wont stick to the pan any longer, which makes my life so much 
Kitchenaid Clad 10-Inch Covered Everything Pan. There isn t a lot to say about this, other than this pan demonstrates the Kitchenaid high quality that one would expect from Kitchenaid. 
a tried and true classic. Fiestaware ROCKS! The turquoise place setting is beautiful...It is much brighter than the pictures on amazon.com...Fiestaware is functional, calssic and fun- I love to mix 
Love it!. I bought this product to tackle the worst cleaning job in my home.....the bathtub tile. The Scumbuster made quick and easy work of this job, and makes it 
Safe and fun!. This is a big hit with my kids! We ve had it a couple of days and made numerous batches with it. The ice is a little 
Works Great. We bought stainless steel appliances for the kitchen, and I was worried about keeping them clean. I am lucky my wife does it. Anyway, she asked me to 
Keeps my Global knives fiendishly sharp. This is a steel made expressly for Global s Cremova 18 and Molybdenum Vanadium stainless steel blades which is harder than the average German 
Pleased with my purchase. I LOVE the new mixer! I had an older model Artisan from Kitchen Aid and it was fantastic. It finally started making the I m dying 
Great value. Only downside, it takes a few extra minutes of baking time due to the light color. Otherwise, just apply a little oil and it releases the baked goods 
Jura-Capresso S9 Avantgard. This machine is a coffee lover s dream, and allows you to customize and brew coffee exactly the way you like it. The brewed coffee and steamed 
great machine, recipes can use some work. I ve had one of these for 2 months now and I really like it. I m not at all an experienced baker, 
No smell, no smoke. I haven t experienced either of the issues expressed here, so that s good. I have found that this pan gets very hot very quickly, so 
Great price for a professional quality pot. A very well built 16 qt stock pot. Solid cast stainless steel handles. Thick clad aluminium pad extend to the edge of the 
spice rack. finally found the spice rack that works for me so good in fact that I bought another one  
wow. This cleaner is easy to assemble, really easy to use, and does a great cleaning job!!! I can not believe what actually came out of my carpet!! I am 
Great pan. What can you really say about a frying pan? This is my first Cast Iron Skillet. It s TRUE that it becomes nonstick the more you use season 
Great pressure cooker!. My son asked for a pressure cooker for Christmas last year, and after a lot of research, this is the one I bought. I highly recommend this 
Great set of knives. We purchased this set of knives about two months ago and we are extremely satisfied with it. We compared this set with the pro series and 
Instant Lemon Juice!. My sister gave me this handy gadget for quickly and easily juicing lemons as a birthday gift. It seemed strange at first, but after I used it 
Keeps it hot. My wife really loves this coffee pot. It keeps the coffee hot for the entire evening  
Gizmo can opener-almost as good as it seemed. Very handy. I found it easier not to mount. I just leave it on the counter next to the plug and plug 
BonJour La Fromagerie Boxed Cheese Knife Set. This is an excellent price for the quality of the merchandise, a terific product for the hard to buy perso  
Great. We decided that it may be less expensive to use more localized heat source for the common areas of our home. I can t say if my energy bills 
Smaller than advertised. These mugs hold 16 ounces if filled to the brim, rather than the advertised 18 ounces. It is irksome, because I bought a set of these to 
MULTIPLE USE BOWL. THIS 2 QT BOWL HAS MANY USES . I USE IT FOR MIXING , SERVING AND BAKING. IT IS WONDERFUL FOR MACARONI AND CHEESE , ALSO HAVE 
Excellent. Great Product for the price. Paid 29.99 for a king sized waterproof mattress pad. Hard to find one for that price in the stores with such a high level 
Great all-purpose glass. Although I have Riedel Cab and Pinot glasses, they must be washed by hand so I usually use them only for great wine or for guests. The 
cake set. Not quit what was in the picture but still pleased with the purchase  
SIMPLY THE BEST. This Mission Folding Bookcase is simply the best. Although I wanted a black bookcase but the natural is also great and it took me about 5 minutes 
cleaner floors more time for me. This little robot is great! I love that there are compartments to keep the clean and dirty water seperate. Also, the robot dries the 
Great Product. I have found this item to be very helpful. I only have 1 arm and dust pans are not an option , now when I spill something I 
It s a pretty good vacuum. It costs 37.80. What can you expect? A lot, as it turns out.For the price and the size, this Dirt Devil Power Stick packs 
Fiesta is great!. I bought 6 sets of 4 piece place settings for less than 100. How can you beat that for Fiesta ware  
KitchenAid Professional Vegetable Cleaver. A well balanced and sharpe knife right out of the package. I find myself picking this knife up first more and more. It keeps a sharpe 
As expected. Performed as excellent as I thought it would! Does not hold odour or colour form foods and great for veggies, meats and the like. Convenient for taking food 
good knife roll. I bought this because i was looking for a less bulky bag to carry my knives in. This roll does the job nicely. Its really good quality, 
Great laundry item. I looked at several other places and found this item to be the most useful. It is sturdy and the bags are heavy duty. Wheels are a 
We love it. We have enjoyed using our White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer for 20 years, but the bucket finally wore out and would no longer hold water. So, we 
great for one towel. this rack is great to sit right in front of the sink. It works great  
I like it. I have had no problems with this product. I bought it for my baby grandaughter s room since we live in Colorado and it is very dry 
Size does matter. If you re a home barrista and you want to tamp your coffee this tamper works well. It s not too heavy and fits nicely in your 
good inside grill. no complaints! needs to be used on large burner. Is hard to clean but that is the nature of cast iron  
Kitchenaid food processor. It is everything I thought the food processor would be its quiet, chops well. Has two bowls large and small for different size chops and multi blades. 
My juicer has worked fine. I ve had my juicer now for about 3 years, and I haven t had any problems with it. In fact, after having had several 
Very Nice. Received item in a timely manner - very easy to put together - very good value for the money - found similar item in local store not as 
Great non stick skillet. First off I love the cuisinart cookware lines and also this pan. It only gets 4 stars because it cones without a lid. Now a lid 
Mikasa Teaspoons. I bought some of these a couple of years ago and when I found these on Amazon I was thrilled. They are very high quality and look amazing 
Wusthof Knives. My daughter had these on her wedding registry and I knew she really wanted them. She loves them and I was impressed with how sharp they are and 
very nice knife. we already owned the 7-inch santoku knife, purchased locally from a kitchen retailer, and loved it. we were a little hesitant at first since we ve only 
I was pleasantly surprised. When we first got it I second guessed my decision to buy it. It was packaged nothing like I expected, so it looked like a very 
Such a handy little kitchen gadget, and so cheap everyone should have one. I gave my wife one in her stocking at Christmas. She loves it, and so do I. 
Cinnabar Fistaware Platter. great product in great condition just wish it qualified for the lower shipping cost - that keeps me from ordering mor  
Awesome. These hangers are in better condition than I thought they would be in for the price. They are very sturdy.The service was great as well. Arrived promptly  
Spiegelau s family resemblance to Riedel. The Spiegelau Authentis series is expanding into more varietal specific glass shapes. The Bordeaux glasses share a number of similarities with the Riedel Vinum 
First steak came out great!. Just tried out the new griddle. It s awesome! I made two juicy sirloin steaks on it. They did not stick and did not burn. 
My mom is happy. Whit this machine my mom is very happy when she made a cake, good choice, very nice look, it s too heavy but doesn t matter.. 
Love this!. I bought The Extractor after reading many reviews.... It was the right choice! I did not find it to be too heavy, maybe when it is it s 
Great Cookie Cutters. My sister is having a baby so my mother and I decided to make cookie favors. We used these cookie cutters to make the cookies. They were 
5star anon. this is better and cheaper than any george foreman grill,... for under forty dollars you get removable grills and a timer,... with george s grills you would pay 
Great Service. My wok came on time and came with a little extra free stuff. This is a great company to order from and they even sent me an email 
wonderful. these are the coolest little bowls I ve ever seen. I bought them for my mom for Christmas last year, and they are extrememly useful. I got them in 
Great bowls as expected. I began purchasing pieces of my dinnerware set several years ago, but never did get the vegetable bowls. This year hosting Easter I thought I should 
Zojirushi EC-DAC50 Zutto 5-Cup Drip Coffeemaker. This coffeemaker was a bit more expensive than others available, but the engineering on this thing is just unbelievable. My wife and I have 
Awesome Deal!. I m buying a bed next month for my apartment and I love that all of the bed set is ready to go. Short of decorative pillows my 
Good cooking. My new Anolon Classic pan is wonderful for cooking almost anything you d use a fry pan for. Even heat and easy clean up make it a must 
Zojirushi Auto Rice Cooker and Warmer. This product has met all my expectations. It is easy to use, fast and reliable cooking and very easy cleanup. The only advice I 
Love it, except........... Fountain definitely works quietly and I ve noticed my dog drinks much more water than he did before we bought this. The only problem is that the 
Scottish Scone Cornbread Pan review. Nice and fast turnaround time. Product as described. Thank you  
A complete reinvention of the pastry brush. The bristles of this brush are pretty odd; they re wide and flat and made of silicone. They really don t look very 
REMIMD ME. THIS TIMER IS THE BEST! REMIMDS ME WHAT I HAVE COOKIN IN THE OVEN! I USED TO GO SIT ON MY PORCH AND WAIT FOR DINNER TO BAKE 
Sleep warm. Initially I thought there was something wrong with the warmer because it didn t heat up as quickly as I expected. However, I ve learned that if I 
Very comfortable sheets. The only problem is that they have shrunk so much that I m not sure they will fit after one more washing...  
Works fine. Delivered quickly.. the price was right... works just fine... what more could you want  
product works great!. I ordered this griddle for my Marine son stationed at 29 Palms CA and his new wife. They received this product very fast--thank you! They say it 
Great Little heater. This has got to be the greatest little heater. The only problem that I had was getting it to stop beeping when you change a setting. Other 
Very nice set. I bought this set on Amazon for less than 180 plus free shipping. The dinnerware arrived much sooner than expected. The set is exactly what I expected 
Simple to use timer. We were searching for a timer that would be easy to use for our elderly mother. She is not the type to use one of the 
Love it, love it!!!!. Found this on Amazon at a great price plus free shipping...same pot sells for 150 tax at department stores and other sites...This is the third pot 
Wonderful product. This versatile wine rack was like putting together Tinker Toys. It was very sturdy and did exactly the job I needed. I ve had many compliments and am 
Global Sharpening Steel. My husband loves Global knives and will love this steel for Valentine s Day  
Great design. I recently bought several wooden spoons and utensils. Of all of them this seems to be the most functional. I love the groove cut into the handle. The 
very effective when it is working. I don t mean to imply that Scat Mats are prone to malfunction, but they do need a good battery to work. My Abysinian 
Mini Vacuum. I love this vacuum for quick clean ups, of which I have many. I have two dogs and a cat so there s always hair and litter somewhere.. 
Diamond Machining Technology 12-Inch Ceramic Steel Does The Job. The Diamond Machining Technology 12-Inch Ceramic Steel works quite well to maintain an edge on all of my kitchen knives and 
Awesome!!!. Great selection in this slab!!I will not have to buy paper for a long long time!  
Apple Time!. As a collector of apple items, I was happy to find this Norpro Red Apple Timer. It adds a touch of whimsy to my kitchen. I like to 
Perfect. Works great. Bought for making candle tarts and it didn t let me down. I would recommend this hot plate for any use  
Duck with cherries, rabbit with kasha anyone?. In addition to all the beautiful words said about Le Creuset I want to add several things that I haven t seen anywhere 
Saves me a bundle on vet bills. My 10 yr old Cocker Spaniel has had cronic ear infections for 4 yrs. She has developed a resistance towards most antibiotics and 
Vacu Vin Crystal Wine Servers are the best. The Vacu Vin crystal wine servers are much better than using foils - no drops of wine on clothes or tablecloths!!  
Works like a charm. My old corkscrew of 25 year use fell on the floor and broke. I was so happy to find a model on Amazon which was almost 
Oster 4-Egg Poacher. Oster is the best egg poacher that I have discovered. All other egg poachers that I have tried or investigated have a plastic poaching tray. That group 
These towels are wonderful!. I ordered the Shadow Green and I love the soft green color it is beautiful! The towels are thick, abosorbent and luxurious feeling  
Great litle sweeper!. I have had this sweeper for about a month & used it several times; it is handy between vacuums & great for touch-ups on my carpet. But 
Why did I wait so long. My sister has owened an Aroma for years and I d always been impress with the quality of espresso and capucino she could make 
WOW! I can let my son crawl on my HW floors now!. This unit is very nice looking and easy to move around. The vacuum function works very well also. 
Sea Mist Fiestaware dishes are wonderful!. I love these dishes. They are lead-free and you can do so much with them because they are a solid color. I liked the 
Another Great Apple Product. Delighted with them. An Franciscan Apple collectors delight. Nice air tight lids.  
I m happy. I m happy with the cereal dispenser. I ts easy for my children to use. They love being able to do it themselves. I love not having 
Brand56. I love this fan. it is perfect. I don t know what the others are talking about, but this fan is quieter than any fan I have ever heard. 
great little space heater at a great price. I paid 15-20 more for this heater, so when my other one started making strange noises, I was glad to replace it 
Not bad!. I purchased a PuR water cooler that uses 2 of these filters together. So far I must say that the system works great. The water is refreshing and 
Presto s Electric Skillet tops the others!. Presto s Electric Skillet and Server is one of the best! I use electric skillets quite frequently in cooking I find that Presto 
Perfect Little Dehumidifier. I have a small bathroom with no windows. We ve had a problem with mold because of the poor ventilation. I bought this little dehumidifier and it 
Great color match. This bathmat is a perfect match to the towels. It is a little larger than expected and is a bathmat not a bath rug, therefore there are 
Take it from my cat...this one is a MUST!. This review co-written with the help of my cat First my cat s point of view: I was very, very skeptical 
Great little pan. This is a great little pan to make eggs on a weekday morning.  
I love it. Totally great, makes baking so much easier. The only thing bad I have to comment on is, when I put it at higher speeds, it starts to 
Metal cookie cutters on a storage ring!. What s not to love? Fun Halloween shapes, good size for cookies with kids -- not too big or two small. Easily recognizable 
Sea Mist Fiestaware dishes are wonderful!. I love these dishes. They are lead-free and you can do so much with them because they are a solid color. I liked the 
Love it! Love it! Love it!. I was so happy with my first L equip that I bought another one to have at work! It s awesome! I have the 
Works Great, very happy, tought to clean. This meat tenderizer works very well. Quality contructuion, sharp blades, comfortable grip. My one complaint is it is a bit tought to clean 
Sleep warm. Initially I thought there was something wrong with the warmer because it didn t heat up as quickly as I expected. However, I ve learned that if I 
Love the Moka Express. I ve been using this every day since I received it over a month ago. It works perfectly. It s more than paid for itself with 
Perfect Knives At A Reasonable Price!. These knives are perfect. They are razor sharp and heavy! But not too heavy. They have the classic handles which are very attractive in 
Good for small shoes. This product is a real space saver in the closet. It fits sandals, loafers, and small dress shoes nicely. You just have to position the shoes 
Dish Rack for a Lifetime of Use. I was very pleased to find a dish rack that I know will last me a long time. I had gone through so 
Bissell Featherweight. This is the best lightweight ever. Great on ceremic floors. Bissell backs their products and has a friendly customer service department. The vacuum is small but mighty  
Wouldn t change a thing. These are exactly what I wanted. Sturdy, heavy, high quality. I plan on buying many other things from MIU France.  
Nice 13 pizza stone. The last reviewer gave this low marks because it wasn t the same as the square bricks they ve had in their oven for years. I 
Excellent Small Aquarium. I think this is an Excellent Small to Midrange Aquarium set. I ve been using this aquarium for 3 years now and am very pleased with it.It 
Solid wood desk and hutch. Although I am very pleased with my new desk and hutch, I am very unhappy with the way Amazon presented the hutch. When purchasing the 
Great for storing and finding toys. This storage shelf and bin set is great! Keeps the toys off the floor and even allows for a bit of organization. The kids 
Wok talk. I received the wok quickly. Have used it several timesafter breaking it in and am thoroughly satisfied with it.  
Furi Pro 11-Piece Ultra Set. Awesome product!! This set is the best of the best - all perfectly balanced stainless knives and fork with no crummy lightweight plastic handles. The 
Here s how to get a new plastic top. I love my Java Perk, but I loved it a lot more before it blew its top. Here s how I 
good, but an older model. The 285 and 785 offer the same height adjustability but with continuous variable speed rather than three speed settings. The 285 is the next model 
The healthiness of air pop with the ease of microwave. This is a great PopperPros:- as quick as microwave pop corn- the ability to control how much butter, oil, salt, 
Cute and efficient. A compact and cute featured DeLonghi oil heater! I bought it for 15 by 10 master bedroom with full bathroom and it is really efficient for southern 
Huge Glass. I had ordered the smaller size first and then ordered this one. The glass works great. It really does not sweat so is great on your desk all 
ROOSTER TEAKETTLE. Teakettle is really cute and price is less than you would think it would be - all in all - very good looking item besides being functional  
only received one rack. the order was for two racks and i only received one, otherwise the product is great  
WOW. This is the BEST! I am amazed at how effectively it removes the dead undercoat hair. My tempermental cats actually enjoy being groomed with the Bamboo comb. I wish 
Yum Yum Yum. I love this thing--at work, we re not allowed to heat up foods with great odor such as fish, popcorn, etc. I love grilled fish, seafood, lamb 
Big and fast!. As a former owner of a Presto Fry Daddy, and Grandaddy I expected more of the same high quality and got it! Not only is this the 
Pan cover. This is just what I was looking for. Thanks again for Amazon.com. You are the best !  
Wonder Washer a success!. We bought the Wonder Washer to use as a back up while sailing in the tropics. It s proven to be worth it s weight in 
Wouldn t drink from anything else!. Have several different glasses from this collection. Great style, easy to maintain no dishwasher for these and are more sturdy than they look  
Excellent product with a flaw. . . The plastic top has no vents thereby producing rubbery, boiled tasting popcorn. Easily solved! I drilled about a dozen 1 8 inch holes 
Solid. Very rich color. Very solid and deep... great for cereal. May be too heavy for young kids.  
Fun with Fiesta. I just started collecting Fiesta Ware and this yellow covered butter dish is the perfect color for a butter dish! Looks great on my table along with 
Very Nice. This product is quite nice.Although, I do not personally use it my 15 yr old daughter loves it!I love the color and the quality. I want more! In 
I like it, some concers answered. I bought this vacuum after reading the reviews and looking at several models.I like:- The cord is super long.- It has good suction- Not 
beautiful and great quality. I have always had standard flatware for my everyday use, nothing too expensive but not the cheapy stuff either. I had no idea what I was 
excellent product, highly recommend !!!!!. I absolutely love these potholders!!!! I have four sets of them. They are great as potholders but they also have other uses. I place them 
expensive but great!. this is my second fully automatic espresso machine; my first was saeco magic that was retired after it began to incessantly leak. i knew that saeco and 
Size was perfect. I bought the trinket box as a gift for someone who collects ceramic boxes and she was delighted. The lid is especially sweet. Quality was excellent  
great blender. This is a beautiful and very outstanding blender. I love all the Delongi appliances. This blender has several speeds and types of blending actions. Will turn ice to 
Beautiful!. What more can I say... this is a beautiful set. We are using it in our bathroom because it is that pretty. It would go in any room though 
Quick, easy, and razor sharp. Got it for Christmas and have used it several times since. It replaced a Chef s Choice sharpener I got 12 years ago and still 
Decent little coffeemaker. Cute little space-saving coffeemaker. Quick brewing and quiet, just right for the occasional coffee drinker. The decanter DOES dribble a little if you try to pour too 
Finally Found. I was searcing all over for a TV stand that would look good and at a good price. I finally found this one. It was temporarily out of 
Rival Snow Cone Maker. Rival has always made great kitchen products at affordable prices. Their things last a long time if you take care of them. This is an excellent 
great product for bakers. This is a super silicone mat - it is large, and the surface is very smooth - perfect for all sorts of dough. Easy to clean 
Sunflower Yellow is Beautiful!. I collect both old and new Fiesta Ware and was thrilled to see the vibrant new Sunflower Yellow dinnerware. The color is wonderful; much darker and 
This Thing ROCKS. This thing brews great coffee, plus loose teas. make sure your grounds are coarse though, otherwise they won t be easy to get out of the mesh. 
Panasonic NC-EM40P 4.1-Quart Electric Thermo Pot. This Panasonic Thermo Pot is an absolute gem! Not only does it hold a substantial amount of water, it heats it quietly and very 
An absolute necessity !. This is an absolute necessity for Calphalon professional hard-anodized users! Protects the cook like no hot-pad could  
Sleek & Gorgeous!. I love this whole line. The White looks contemporary and matches everything. Perfect for entertaining any time of the year. Try one and you will end up 
Wonderful!!!. Wonderful set... also got the 12QT stockpot with this free... so very slickdeal : Great nonstick coating, but you really must hand wash... but that is ok!!  
good quality for the price. I chose this item over another similar & more expensive one, based on the reviews. I think they were accurate: for the money, this is 
Excellent service. I had a difficult time finding this item. When I found it at last, I received excellent service in ordering and receiving the item  
fiesta peacock 16pc place setting. the fiesta dinnerware was everything I hoped for. It was shipped in a timely fashon and came undamaged  
Great pillow for side sleepers. I have tried all kinds of feather pillows and foam pillows but just could not get comfortable sleeping on my side. While shopping for a 
great for toddlers. We bought this pad for our 2 year-old son s twin bed and it was so nice that we later purchased one for our Queen sized bed. 
Great product. I love this little board - especially the fact that it s bowl-shaped which keeps whatever I am chopping from flying all over the kitchen. It s a 
Excellent Mini-griddle. I have had a lot of experience with griddles and they never cook right. Presto is the only brand I like and this griddle cooks very well. I 
Great product. I don t usually get excited about kitchen tools, but I ve been disappointed by the traditional potato masher. This one works great, fast, and easy. It s 
Best Coffee maker. Our office purchased this coffee maker two weeks ago and everyone has loved it. We have not had any of the problems regarding weak coffee. We fill 
Fabulous. I really love this whole line. I made Cuban Sandwiches with mine and was really pleased with how they turnes out. I am also big on the aesthetic look 
Very good Saute Pan. I am taking a culinary arts class here at school and found this saute pan very easy to use and clean. I used it everytime to 
Beautiful for Celebration. We purchased these flutes for our daughter and her fiance to use for the toast at their engagement dinner. They are beautiful, and the price is about 
Super sharp-rockin knife. Admittedly, I am a bit of a knife-buying nut. I love kitchen knives and own chef s knives and santuko knives from Wusthof, Henckels, Kyocera and Furi.This 
VERY NICE PRODUCT. Very nice, easy to mount, the plastic caps pop out . We are very happy with this product  
Nice teapot for any kitchen. Have been looking for a simple teapot that can withstand daily use. I found this Cobalt Teapot and ordered it! It looks good with any 
huggable for baby. I bought this pillow for my baby boy. He loves it. He hugs it to sleep and it is also a toy for him to toss around. 
Mini Bow 5 - Good buy for a first tank if you have limited space. I have a few different tiny tanks and the Mini Bow is my favorite. It 
WOW!!!!. TWELVE amps of power!!I said TWELVE AMPS!!! Handy. Light. Well designed. Simple. Attractive. Solidly built. If you have only owned a little dirt devil then you will NOT believe 
Love the stock pot. I need a large stock pot for soup and chili s and this one worked great. I was able to make a quadruple recipe of chili 
Good product, Good Value. This is a significant improvement over the 750 model. The 750 model was not very well designed. The first one we purchased broke within 3 days 
The little burner that could... I have no kitchen stove so I have been relying on this little champ for everything from tea to pasta before South Beach Diet to 
Nice Starter Aquarium. Has everything you need to get up and running in no time. Nice size to add a few small fish, and decorations. Only problem I see is 
Hoover Flair. Fantastic! I wore out my first and am on my second! I use this product everyday. It s light in weight, not at all cumbersome, yet is powerful 
It Works Great. After reading some of the previous reviews about shipping damage I almost didn t order it. However, it arrived in great shape and the packing material was 
Super Towel. I was a little worried when I bought this towel for my son, because he is a very particular person, and only likes good things. Well, here s 
Elegant Product. While it was bigger than we visualized from the description, it turned out to be perfect for our needs. A previous banana tree fruit basket was unstable when 
GREAT GRILL. THIS IS PERFECT GRILL PARTICULARLY FOR A SINGLE PERSON -- WITH A LITTLE PLANNING YOU CAN GET A ENTIRE MEAL TO COME OUT AT THE SAME TIME -- 
Great glass for Port Lovers!. I was a little concerned after reading the reviews regarding the possible misrepresentation on the glasses being made in Austria by Riedel, but mine were 
Best collar ever!. I disagree with the other review on this. I purchased this for my cat since all the other collars were leaving huge bald spots around her neck 
Mario Batali Measuring Bowl Set. I love my bowl set but a little disappointed that there was no 1 3, 2 3 cup in the measurements  
I bought mine in 1989. And they still look like new. Now that I have a dishwasher and I want more I know where to get them  
Highly Recommend. I love this pan. The size and shape of this pan makes it one of the most useful items in my kitchen. I love the convenience that it 
Found replacement pedal!!. I ve had my trash can for over a year and recently my husband stepped on the pedal and it broke off. I read the reviews online 
Taylor products are 5 star. This is our second Taylor wireless thermometer - the first one lasted for three years. It works well, is easy to read and is nice-looking 
Good filter. This is a nice filter because it is slim and tall and deep, taking full use of the depth of the frig while keeping it s footprint low 
pots & pan cleaner. This product I love it, because it have no hasrh chemical.  
Help for fat cats. This is a great product and has really helped our 9 year old cat who weighs in at about 14 pounds. He started limping a while 
Easy to use. The Dog Harness was easy to put on and adjust. I am very satisfied  
Very happy with my purchase. This is a cute baker, great for microwaving a vegetable side dish for two since it has a lid. Great for dips, soup & individual 
Laundry Bag. Great product if you have limited space!!! I have it in my son s room, and it is perfect  
Mighty Little Vacuum. This is just the vacuum I have been searching for. It really sucks, in a good way. It easily moves about on hard floors, has a long 
it s not espresso, but it ll make very good strong coffee. simple, straight forward to use. very easy to clean. and durable. can t beat it for the price. 
Fantastic Sheets for the Price. This set of sheets is an excellent value, but I must admit that the sheets are not the softest I have touched. They will most 
Happy with product. I purchased this microwave about a month ago and I am very satisfied with it! It has some neat features that I never would have thought to 
Worked on my very thick, long, straight hair. This product was better than I thought it would be: I have very thick, very straight hair that goes to my mid-back 
The best kitchen household timer you can buy right now. There s a lot to like about this timer that you won t find in many others. First, there are 
Great Gift!. These sheets were a gift for my 80 year-old mother, who had never owned flannel sheets. She loves them! My mother told me they re soft, warm and 
works great. works great I use it in a poory insulated room and I can make it too hotif I wan  
glasses are great, good value. glasses are great, good value. Be prepared for breakage during shipping  
Chocolate Fountain. I bought the fountain for my wedding reception. I actually have not used it yet but I am excited to use it. I have had other people tell 
Heavy Weight Guest Towels. Columbia towels are especially luxurious to use and for a long time I didn t use them because they looked so lovely and new hanging in 
sturdy even when over loaded. This coat tree has been a godsend to our lack of closet space. This winter we have loaded it down with winter coats, rain coats, 
Great product. I am really glad I bought this produce, I can make a large amount all at once and fill up my travel mug. Filtering system works well and 
Love It-doesn t cover odors, eliminates them. I love the Smellkillers. I have used several sizes and they are wonderful. No film on furniture or floors, no cartridges to replace, 
Perfect pan when cooking for two. A 10 pan is my preferred size when I am just cooking for my wife and myself, and this All-Clad LTD pan is phenomenal. 
smaller, cheaper, and works great!. I got 2 of these to use with my Hooneywell enviracaire 11520 the other day and they work great! It is awesome since they re 
razor sharp. I ordered and received it right before Thanksgiving. I put it through it s paces preparing Thanksgiving dinner onions, carrots, potatoes, herbs and the turkey itself and it 
Looks Great and Easy Assembly. I can t say enough good about this desk. We also purchased the hutch and the small side table that are part of the collection. 
Great!!. I just bought this to replace my blender. I am able to chop my seasonings, make baby food, and a shake in 10 minutes all in their own separate 
My daughter loves Spode!. The Spode christmas Tree Cereal bowls were a little smaller than I expected but were just what my daughter wanted.  
Wonderful. This is a wonderful product. It helps create new memories with my grands as well as provide great fun for the entire family  
Bodum 7-PC Mug Tree Set w Chrome Tree & 6 Mugs. This was the perfect size and shape for my morning cup of coffee. The stand makes it convenient to 
A saving grace for this cat owner. We ve had our cat for 6 years, and were growing tired of her hogging the sink to get a drink. The Drinkwell 
Old Fashion set by Longchamp. When we recieved the item s they where brand new , wraped each in bubble wrape and had the original sticker on them, as though 
Awesome!. These sheets are great! I ve been looking for an inexpensive sheet set to fit my mattress, which is 15 inches thick. The price was right so I bought 
Beautiful glasses, so elegance & sophisticated. I just received two sets today and was amazed how beautiful these glasses are.Even though each glass has its own compartment, Spiegelau needs to 
Beautiful. I bought four so as to have three kinds of vinegar as well as olive oil on the table. The glass and the shape of the glass, vorh emphasize 
Doesn t Get Any Better. This is the best book light EVER. My only issue is the battery life, but I fall asleep and leave it on all night sometimes. 
Great Hamper. For the price, this is a great hamper. The only real draw back is that it can tip over if it is filled to the top. Other than 
Finally! A Holder That Works!. It might seem like a trivial thing, but reaching for a paper towel and pulling the whole role off the holder, or unwrapping twenty sheets 
I prefer this one to George. I agree with most everyone here. This unit has its disadvantages, but overall I prefer it to the George. It does take a while 
excellent. I found this knife set to contain the sharpest knives out of the box of any knives that I have ever bought. They hold an edge well and have 
Great time savers. I use these in a moderate oven. They wash up well and have not bent or warped or rusted. Great price  
some general tips... the litter locker is great, i keep it next to my omega paw litter box which i also highly recommend. i got mine online at a large 
One more Handy note. Everyone has said it all except that I was delighted to find that the grip is the same on both sides of the hand identical , 
hard to find feature. With the advent of fancy featured coffee makers this is the right coffee maker for us. We like to brew 1 large mug of coffee at 
Love These For Occasional Use!. While this set is not what I would call durable , its uniqueness and flair add a lot of fun to a tropical table setting. 
Impressive! My water tastes... clean. We have some pretty nasty water from the tap, but this PUR filter system makes it taste so good. I like that it fits in 
Automatic Dog Feeder. It is the best, once you teach your dogs to eat out of one you never have to worry about bugs or birds in there food again. 
great product. I am very happy with this product. It is made well, I particularly like the fact that it gives readings in both farhenheit and centigrade. I would definitely 
Nikko Ceramics Christmas 3-D Holiday Pitcher. Loved this pitcher, great for entertaining, and I received it so quick after purchase  
good coffee maker. you get exactly what is advertised. Good, reliable coffee maker. I wish the LCD display were nicer, it looks a little cheap but works well nonetheless.Arrived in 
Tropix 16oz tumblers. These are double insulated glasses that you do not need coasters for as they do not sweat when liquid is inside them. Glasses are nicely colored and 
bat house gift. well it was a gift but it looked sturdy and well made. i don not know if the receipent has hung it yet or if any bats 
best toaster I ever had. The toaster is very well designed. It accomodates an unusually wide range of bread shapes and thicknesses, toasts excellently, and has a toast-elevator feature that 
Wonderful!. This Electrolux S-Bag Clinic Vacuum Bag is the best! It lasts long and dust and other particles stays in the bag when it s time for a change!  
Great starter set. I ve owned this set for over 4 years. Unlike the review below, my set is used daily and has held up very well with absolutely no 
Its pretty good. After paying 45 for it I was a little bummed to see it on sale for 20 over the holidays from a local store s flyer, however 
A Kitchen Necessity. This is the second Romertopf baker that I ve owned. The first one I bought in Europe; it finally cracked after 12 years of service. It is 
Best I have had yet!. At first I didn t like it at all but it takes some getting use to and now I love it. As I said the 
A Great Little Pot!. This is a great little pot for sauteeing onions before adding a 28 oz. can of Italian tomatoes, or for risotto for 1 to 4 people. 
If you have cats- you need this. My cat absolutely loves this!!!!!!!!! She was glued to the TV the entire run time of the DVD. YOU MUST TRY THIS DV 
Great Coffee - No Problems. This is a great coffeemaker. I ve had it for about two weeks now and I am very pleased with it. It brews fast, makes 
This is PERFECT. I just got mine today, loved it, bought 5 more in different sized. What I loved about was the sense of freshness and cleanness in the fact 
Not bad at all. I ve now had these glasses for over a month and am quite pleased. Great shape for Bordeaux and many other big reds. Feels sturdy, yet 
Excellent dishware. You just can t go wrong with Fiestaware. It s sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily from table to dishwasher to cabinet . And if my rough-on-dishes family 
Flannel Full Queen Duvet- Mendocino. Fits to a tee. Comfortable. Love the reversable color. Very warm now that we ve stuffed it with a comforter, but was just perfect in 
The kid loves it. Son was very excited to receive this. Still loves it after a month. The design is very nice, but the material is a little cheap for 
Dyson DC17 Outdoes the Dyson DC14. I have had this vacuum for about one month. It replaced the top rated Consumer Report Electrolux Eureka that up until now had been 
Mine looked like factory seconds. I ordered two of these great Fiesta handled carafes in black. I plan to use them for serving pieces as well as for accent pieces. 
A quantum leap in toasting. Got this goodie as a Christmas gift. Have used it only for toast but the spectacular results are worth the price of admission. Good, fresh, 
really kool. who thinks of this stuff..i ordered 2 of them and they rock. you put ur hand about 1-2 inches under the dispenser part and enough soap comes out 
The Best Filter Bags~. I have three fish tanks and these filter bags are the easiest to change, the whisper filter and the bags keep the water in my tanks 
Potholder trivet. I use these potholders everyday with baking and cooking but mostly as trivets. they work great as trivets. but the color i got was a light lime green 
Great pan for in the oven or on burner. This pan is very heavy and cooks very well in the oven or on the burner.It is easy to clean and 
Love It Love It Love It!!!. I absolutely love this machine! The selection of coffees and teas is wonderful. I am a tea drinker, primarily Engish Breakfast and Chai latte, 
New Krups Toaster. I love it! Toasts Bagels better than any toaster I ever had. You just turn the lever to the number you want push the Bagel button and 
Small is nice for rice and grains. I agree with those reviewers who ve said that this 2-quart oven is not something you ll be making stews or casseroles in. 
Mario Batali 5-piece Measuring Prep Bowl Set. Every kitchen should have a set of these measuring bowls. I gave them to all my family for gifts and they love them, 
Great Knife, You don t need it unless you are a Pro. This knife is great can be used like a cleaver or standard Chef s knife. Wusthof makes the 
How hot is it?. This instant-read thermometer is a versatile kitchen tool that no one should be without.It comes with a sheath to protect the thermometer. The tip of the 
Great book light. I am very happy with this book light. I had a more expensive book light which finally broke. This light is just as good or not better 
Useful and Cute. I usually cook for an army of one and these are perfect. In a pinch, I ve used them to fry breakfast links. Perfect for a quick 
Not exactly as advertised. The towels were advertised as linen . At the going price I was suspicious, but ordered anyway. They are cotton,but not not linen. Bottom line: they 
Best Invention Since The Wheel. After my wife discovered the above Hookless shower curtain and curved rod at a hotel we stayed at she just had to have the same 
almost perfect. This cabinet is strong, sturdy and simple to assemble. However, it is only a bit more than 2 feet wide. That s TWO FEET! It looks tiny in 
A fabulous buy. This little machine is wonderfully simple and does indeed produce the tastiest yogurt quickly and easily. I love it. Well worth your money.  
Lasted for 11 years!. I was so excited to find these bowls on Amazon. We received a set of these 11 years ago when we got married and they have 
Ideal Mug. Its a great mug for both hot and cold beverages. And since it is glass it goes with everything. I like the fact I can put all of 
Excellent knife, especially for cutting vegetables. The KAI Shun Pro Nakiri knife is really an excellent kitchen product for traditionally styled Japanese chefs and average cooks alike. This knife, like 
water filter. We are very pleased with this coffee maker, but I have a question. What is the trick to pushing the water filter holder down into place? Isn t 
used it ...loved it. I am a contractor and when I recently remodeled Doug and Susans basement I was eventually shown how to use the grinder to make espresso while 
Great pan for great food in mass quantities. This pan is wondreful to cook in. I am thrilled with the quality. It is very heavy duty and just plain heavy. 
Excellent product. I highly recommend it. I ve never had any problems with it. Measurements are accurate, there is really no need to put it in the microwave, and if 
Great little heater!. I ordered this heater because our house is built on three levels on the side of a hill in Northern CA, and our lower level master bedroom 
Love Fiestaware. My husband suggested this as a birthday gift for me. I thought okay until I opened the package. This shamrock green is so pretty. This dinnerware is great. 
Great for that quick Cup o Joe. A great quality french press that made Bodum famous. Simple, easy to clean and quick! Ideal for the times when you need a 
Gorgeous, excellent toaster!. Wonderfully designed space age toaster....Gently lowers bread automatically into toaster...Toasting is even and accurate...We have been using this toaster for a few weeks at my mother s 
So far so good. So far so good with this blender. My only gripe is that is doesn t seem to crush all the ice. There s always a little 
Better than I anticipated. When I bought this, it was only 10.99, a price a bit too low for me to consider it to be a high quality product. Now, 
10-ounce mug. We have had a set of eight of these in Sea Mist and have used them for morning coffee for several years. They will sit on Fiestaware saucers 
EXCELLENT CHOCOLATE MELTER. THIS CHOCOLATE MELTER ARRIVED QUICKLY, AND IN PERFECT CONDITION. I USE IT THE DAY I RECEIVED IT AND IT WAS EASY TO USE. IT MELTED CHOCOLATE TO 
It is what it is... Very sturdy wooden spoon.... not much to write.... very good quality  
Best jar opener. I have owned many jar openers in my life and this is the one I would recommend for most people. The jar opener that is the easiest 
Beautiful and Exquisite. I love this set - this is the favorite of all my china teacup sets. I have both Irish and English bone china, and this pattern is 
Great help!. It really works! Just plop it on top of your bowl of leftovers and it sticks. Much easier than plastic wrap  
Elegant. This crystal set, which includes a highly polished silver tray, will dress up anyones bar or table top. The set is of fine quality crystal and a very good 
Awesome. This simple little product delivers. I use it all the time and it never disappoints  
a tried and true classic. Fiestaware ROCKS! The turquoise place setting is beautiful...It is much brighter than the pictures on amazon.com...Fiestaware is functional, calssic and fun- I love to mix 
good size, and really, no stick!. Every time I use my Calphalon roasting pan and rack, I am amazed how easily food comes off both rack and pan  
What I was looking for :. I was looking for a pitcher to fill water buckets in our kennel.This one is just what I needed no sharpe edges around the 
Great Toaster. This T-Fal toaster is great...handles the largest bagels with ease. Fast..very fast toasting...I love it  
pleased. I am very pleased with the window perch. My 2 cats are equally pleased  
It s been perfect for me. I bought the grinder about a month ago to take advantage of the wonderful beans from local company, Stumptown Coffee. I use the grinder 
Satisfied!. I bought these speakers for my deck area last year. They were super-simple to install and worked great out of the box. They have a great sound and push 
Good but not perfect. Has 3 countdown timers but only 1 countup timer. The buttons beep very loudly everytime you push one and you can not turn them off. The 
Very nice. I bought this after reading the other review here. I agree, it is a very nice table, and so easy to put together, especially since it does not 
Flex Crevice storage. Whe in n not in immediate need, it s in a small hanging canvas bag. It replaces the regular supplied tool that fits on the machine. It 
My German Shepherd loves this toy!. I have a 3-year-old, 90-lb. German Shepherd, and he absolutely LOVES this toy! He usually rips every plush toy to shreds, but he somehow 
Excellent Features and Inexpensive. This microwave was rated very highly by Consumer Products which was the reason I bought it. I have not been disappointed. It is an excellent product 
Heavy Weight Guest Towels. Columbia towels are especially luxurious to use and for a long time I didn t use them because they looked so lovely and new hanging in 
MISSING MAGNET. I HAVE BOUGHT THIS ITEM FOR YEARS AND IT HAS ALLWAYS HAD A MAGNET TO HOLD THE LID. WHEN I RECEIVED THIS ONE NO MAGNET. I EMAILED YOU 
Loud but effective. This vacuum is relatively loud but it sucked up a lot of dirt that my old vacuum didn t. The overall design seems good but it is 
Beautiful and Practical. Absolutely gorgeous and great sized!! Perfect for yourself or giving as a gift  
Great vacuum, but a few complaints. I gave this a 5 star rating because it s a great vacuum. I bought this right as I had new carpet installed and 
Great wok. To again correct the original reviewer, this is a cast iron wok, it is obvious as the handles were cast with the body and the casting marks are 
fantastic. Fiestaware items are objects of beauty that I have found to be virtually indestructible. I have them at my house, and I worked for an upscale wine bar and 
Great, Great, Great. This is the best kitchen appliance we own. My wife has saved more time with this appliance. Very strong motor, nice look. Our garden is all choppped 
Worked great for cooling my room!. My bedroom is on the third floor of our condo so it s always considerably warmer up here. The fan really helps get the 
Very Satisfied Dyson owner. I have now owned this vacuum for one year. I waited this long to review to test the reliability of this very pricey machine...It has stood 
Replaced an older model with this one. I had an older version of this same rice cooker, and I replaced it with this one when it died. It s very 
a must have item. I ve owned several peelers, including Pampered Chef. This is the easiest peeler that I have ever used. I recommend it highly  
I m happy. I purchased the very same Factory-Reconditioned model from Amazon and it didn t work! Amazon sent me another right away and it has been great for a 
MULTIPLE USE BOWL. THIS 2 QT BOWL HAS MANY USES . I USE IT FOR MIXING , SERVING AND BAKING. IT IS WONDERFUL FOR MACARONI AND CHEESE , ALSO HAVE 
Tiki Decor. Loved this product, it is now hanging on our newly built tiki hut on our dock at the lake. Looks wonderful and blends with the other decor  
Black & Decker Grill and Waffle Baker. I love it. It is great that you can take it a part to clean it. The only thing I would change is 
Pretty good!. It was 32 degrees Fahrenheit when I left for work this morning. I had serious doubts about my coffee staying warm for the 20 minute drive to work, 
Fantoastic!!. This is a GREAT 2-slice toaster. The slots are wide--wide enough to handle large bagles for which there is even a special setting for. It also has a easy 
Everyone loves this butter keeper!. Without a doubt, all of my dinner guests ask where I purchased this butter bell. There are a lot out there but they all tend 
Great Little Ramekins. This are great for just about anything. I have used them for holding side dishes, creme brule and other foods. The blue looks great and helps to 
Attractive, Heats Evenly, and the Loop Handle Is Indispensable. I owned a 3 -quart Calphalon Anodized Aluminum saucepan for about 12 years and had to get rid of it, because 
Best copper cleaner ever!!. I own several copper pots and pans and this cleaner is the easiest to use and with the best results. Simply follow directions and use in 
Very pleased. My husband is a big guy so I wanted to get a bigger towel for him. I bought this towel purely because it was the biggest one I 
great pot. great pot. I m annoyed at having to press the unlock button everytime, the one that prevents accidental spills. the automated dispensing is too slow for my tastes, 
I like it!. We had an ancient Kitchen Aid and I loved it... but always had to store it in the cupboards since it was so big and clunky. Our 
No clock troubles here!. For the record, I ve owned this model since December 2006 and it s kept perfect time.  
Very good = very pleased. Easy to clean, quick and even heating, extremely functional. Well worth the money I spent  
Analon 10 Qt. Stockpot. Solved my problem for making soup for 20 people or more.easy to use ,easy to clean.!!!!!  
Best shoe rack I ve found. I ve tried many shoe racks but none worked for me until this one. Meets my needs quite well  
Marvelous Fan. I ve owned a number of fans. This is by far the most versatile. It can be pointed straight up to give the effect of a ceiling fan, 
inexpensive , but look great. i love the flat bottom, as water doesn t collect in the dishwasher. they are slim, so they fit easily in the rack too. a 
The best pan EVER!. I received this pan as part of a set. I absolutely LOVE the pans and added another one to my wish list. I was going through 
These are very nice looking towels and dry great too!. What can I say other than they look great and do the job well! Good towels for the price  
Beautiful Touch to My Dining Area. I absolutely love this tablecloth! It is a nice gentle white color that goes very well with my dark wood dining set. It is 
Generally positive. Generally I like this heater. I am using it in a very large room - 18ftx36ft - but near my desk window to take the edge off the 
Mystic Mop is Magical!. This is the most effective and easiest mop I ve ever used! It effortlessly glides along while cleaning. It s perfect for the environment, too- I 
Great machine! I love it!. This truly was a great machine. I know that there were some negative reviews about this product, but for one month now, I have been 
Cold Steel Perfection!. This knife along w the matching 7 5-star meat fork are my weapons of choice for carving leg of lamb, prime rib, ham, veal, turkey, etc...at various 
excellent inexpensive stemware. I ve been using Spiegelau wine glasses for several years, and they are excellent. The burgundy glass is great for any pinot noir based wine, and also 
More than I expected!!. I bought this item on sale for my daughters room, I didnt expect it to be so nice the butterflies are made of feathers and have 
FAN. GREAT FAN- DISSAPPOINTED THEY USE TY-WRAPS NOW HOWEVER INSTEAD OF METAL CLIPS. NOW IN ORDER TO CLEAN - YOU HAVE TO BUY TY-WRAPS.THE GENERIC KNOCK-OFF STILL USES METAL.GOOD PRICE 
Dyson Does It Again. I just love my Dyson!! It s everything that the ad says, which is something new in itself. I would highly recommend any of the Dyson 
They look very expensive, I love them. I love these chairs. &#60;br &#62;They were not as difficult to put together as others have said. I get great compliments. They look 
All-Clad True. It s no secret that I love All-Clad. The 8-inch is perfect when cooking for one or two. The pan has great release. I always hand wash and 
Absolutely awesome. Easy, quick set up out of the box. I tried it out on a carpet that had just been vacuumed by an Electrolux Aptitude upright. One pass across 
Well worth the money. This pressure cooker works wonderfully. So wonderfully that I got rid of my old pressure cooker AND my water batch canner which always took so long 
Oak Hall Tree. This was purchased as a gift, but the receiver really liked it  
Veterinary Student Approved. Before getting the mat I was a little scared of what other students at my vet school were going to think. But my wife and I were 
delicate and pretty vase. This vase is very pretty, petite, delicate but not as purple as the picture appears. The color is closer to a rosy color. But it is 
Essential For Healthy Fish!. Stresscoat is NOT cheap but is absolutely necessary for every water change you make in your tank. It not only neutralizes tap water contaminants like heavy 
Just the thing for my vintage recipe. When I received this item, I was surprised how small it looked! There is a big difference between my 9 pie plates and 
Works for me!. These cups are high quality stainless steel. Don t worry about putting thorugh the dishwasher or leaving in a sink. I was surprised by their weight and 
Liked It. I liked the skillet and the only problem was the screws for the legs were not the correct length, but that was easily corrected  
Terrific for the money!. As there are no other reviews and selecting juicers can be confusing, I thought I d offer some feedback. My 1.1 HP Hamilton Beach 67650 just 
great easy to install. it was great and easy to install. enough shelves for my stuffs. well it met my expectation  
Bought for a friend. This is kind of a tough review to write because I didn t buy it for myself, but rather for a friend whose cat is 17 
Slick. This paper towel holder is excellent. It looks great, works well and can be put out of sight for a picture perfect kitchen, mudroom or bathroom appearance. I bought 
Works great - BUT be careful when cleaning it!. I bought this last January of 2006 through Amazon, and it was used several times daily for well over a year 
Awesome Product. I purchased it for my wife because she wanted a steamer. There were a lot of steamers out there and a lot of them were cheaper. I m 
flamingo fun!. I love these sheets!! I can t help but smile when I pull down the covers and see those green stripes and bright pink flamigos! The sheets are 
Perfect Pan. If you are going to buy only one pan this is the one. It s perfect for every use as far as size and depth, and wipes clean! 
Quirky but works well. Having exhausted my Samsung ultra-light vac, I decided to try this one ... It was easy to assemble in minutes. I used it before allowing our 
Durable non-stick that works. Super product. Cleanup is a breeze. The pan appears to have a really tough non-stick surface. I have only had it a couple weeks, but the 
love it. i have hardwood floors and ceramic tile in the kitchen and bathrooms -- this makes my life so much easier and i feel it is cleaner that the 
Pretty and Functional. I bought this tea kettle to add to my collection of pink KitchenAid appliances, but it turned out to be a really great purchase. The tea kettle 
Great deal, good cause. This knife set showed up under the tree this year and I am glad it did. The set is practical, incorporating the 3 most used knives 
This is an awesome HEAVY pot - Love it!!. This stockpot is an awesome find and an awesome deal. I purchased it, scoffing at the retail price . When I 
Great product!. I love these things! Within 2 to 4 days after placing these into my aquarium, most of the bulbs had started growing roots. After planting in the gravel 
Excellent casual dinnerware. The pictures for these dishes do not do them justice. They are quite attractive! The reddish color is actually more of a burgandy. The dishes arrived quickly 
Outstanding. This tea kettle is simply devine to use - no cords in the way - no waiting for water to boil - just let it sit on your kitchen 
Workhorse. It is big and heavy, but a real workhorse. Mixes things we would only do by hand before  
wonderful. these are the coolest little bowls I ve ever seen. I bought them for my mom for Christmas last year, and they are extrememly useful. I got them in 
An Absolute Must. If you enjoy hotel-quality,crisp linen pillow cases and duvet covers, then this iron is an absolute must. I was able to iron a king size cotton duvet 
Comfy. The chair is comfy, good size. The only problems we had was in putting it together the wheels were hard to insert and it doesn t move across carpet 
Perfect for One. Can enough be said about All-Clad s superior heating? You really can see the difference with the fry pans. No need to heat above medium, even for 
Fantastic Flannel sheets. These sheets are warm, soft, and ever so inviting. Garnet red just made for an even better Valentine s Day evening, even though it was 2 weeks 
quick, quiet steam. I read a ton of reviews before I bought this, and I don t understand how this humidifier could get a negative review. I saw that many 
Love the pitcher. I had used an older version but I like this new one better. It is slim, easy to hold and convenient. I recommend it  
Great for picking up animal hair. I just used by new broom vac today for the first time. The first thing I noticed is how lightweight it is. I suffer 
Can t do without one. I got a Mogu person pillow a few years back for christmas, and have slept with it everyday since. My original one was getting flat 
Love, Love, Love IT!. How did I ever live withouth this little baby? Lots of power, easy to handle, super easy clean up. I use it fo reverything from making 
Good Product. I had been looking for a complete food proccessor for long time and finally got this one. Indeed the wait for it was good. Its a complete set 
Great starter kit!!. I bought my mini-bow aquarium in 2002 and have enjoyed it a lot. I have never had any problems with it and would recommend this for any 
I love my Grill Waffle Baker. I love my grill waffle maker. Most of the models out today do not include the waffle maker; they have panini or pizzelle instead. 
Very pleased. I purchased this convection toaster oven at costco s for 60.00. I ve used it to make choc chip cookies and egg rolls so far. I ve only 
Definitely worth the price. Simple, Suitable & Satisfactory. I am quite satisfied. The color, durability & size are more than acceptable for the price. I am pleased & the order 
Bada beam Cat Toy. Great , My two cats went crazy over the beam. The whole family enjoyed watching them trying to catch the beam  
Happy, but..... I was very happy to get the dishes for the price I paid. I gave them as a christmas present and just found out recently that one of 
A good portable corkscrew. This is not the corkscrew you want for home -- that honor goes to the Screwpull. But this IS the corkscrew you want to have with 
Wow!! It really works!!. At first I wasn t so sure if it would work. Then it really worked!! It was amazing. Now, every day I can a chocolate covered 
As good as expected. It s decent quality. Nice buy for the price. I bought it through a deal at DailyTool  
absolutely love these. I bought this set in Feburary, and have been giving them a test drive. Boy I sure like them, they clean like a dream and you never 
Exellent. It is wonderful i bought it for my dad and he thought it was awesome too. it i wasnt sure about it but its so great looking and is 
Great Kettle. I bought this kettle to replace a Bodum kettle.Water heats fast, shuts off fast too. Great kettle  
fantastic pan. This pan has been excellent; I have used it mostly for omelettes and frittatas. One thing to note. Despite the current desription, the pan DOES NOT come with 
 Wasted Money UPDATE . May 27 Update:As I suspected, this was a case of me not knowing how to use the product when first purchased. Well, I ve practiced 
Widescreen Nightfinder Travel Alarm Clock. Very good compact travel alarm clock with LARGE NUMBERS and bright display. Bright display can also be used as a light to guide you through 
What a really nice carving board!. I bought this board as a Christmas present for my son-in-law, and he loves it! His criteria for a new board included: reasonable size 
Unique and a Bargain!. This textured bronze lamp goes with just about everything regardless of your style. I purchased it with a modern bedroom set and the two on each 
Nice kettle-whistles. I owned an earlier similar model that was disappointing and never whistled once. But this kettle worked very well and the whistle worked perfectly, at first. But after 
Love It. This pot is so versitile. It is so easy to boil spaghetti in it because of the shape. And with the vents in the cover nothing boils over 
Finally a decent spoon for grapefruit lovers!. While in Florida recently, I stopped and purchased some grapefruit at a fruit stand. Well, I love grapefruit and then started looking for 
Excellent. Without being a purist, I m from Wisconsin, after all , this is a very nice sashimi knife, considering the price. Those of you who work at sushi bars 
opinion of Missing Link with Glucosamine . I believe in this product. My dog s breeders recommended it. I take glucosamine myself for joint mobility, and it is a very 
Partially satisfied user of 6 second abs for 6 months. Contrary to the opinion expressed in the previous review I found the resistance levels more than adequate. It might be 
Perfect fit. This composter is perfect for my kitchen. It looks stylish and fits under the small space in my old kitchen. You can pack a lot of waste in 
My views on the Ultra Max. This is an excellant water filter. All Brita products perform outstanding.There are 2 drawbacks to this item.1 The meter on it automatically counts down 
Pike Street King Sheet Set. Wonderful sheets! They are very soft and actually make the bed stay warm. I ve never been able to afford high quality sheets like these, 
Absolutely Great!. The situation:50 year old house. Wood and formica floors throughout with significant warping. 6 cats, 2 dogs, 1 ferret, and the occasional Great Dane foster dog, all having 
Easy, neat and nifty!. This little gadget arrived with everything I needed to install it on the wall. I put it behind the door in the laundry room where it 
Progressive International Soap Dispenser. I love these soap dispensers! Great for kitchens. I have given them as gifts to 7 people, and plan to give more this Christmas  
Classy &amp; Durable. I work in an assisted living facility and we use Fiestaware in the Alzheimer s area. These dinner plates are great because you have room for a 
BEST BUY ON SHEETS. THIS WAS THE BEST BUY FOR VALUE AND QUALITY THAT I HAVE EVER SEEN , THE 800 TC SHEETS VERY VERY SOFT BETTER THAN 1200 TC 
Good espreso machine. Works fine, but the coffee metal repository is too hot when finish cook a coffee cup. Other espresso machine like DeLongi comes with metal repositoty but vinyl 
Cool looking canisters. The canisters are great looking. The 3 sizes allow for many uses. My only complaint is the lids: they have a clear plastic ring that needs constant 
Still trust Hoover, but... I was interested in getting a new Windtunnel II as soon as I found out about them. I loved my current Windtunnel, but I was anxious 
Once you have a sharp, sturdy knife in your hand, you will know the difference!. I have this exact set and have had it for probably 6 years. The knives 
Wonderful product. This press does exactly what you would think it would. It does take a little bit to learn how to place the fabric so you do not end 
Just what I needed... This unit is well build, and things actually fit together quite nicely. Some cheaper unit requires you to push or pull the top to get a 
It s top quality. We bought our French skillet two years ago, and it has yet to even have one scratch on the cooking surface. It can go in the 
This is it, folks. This is the single most important piece of BBQ equipment that anyone can own. It is much higher quality than Kamado s and will last much 
Good for the Price. We purchased 2 for the kid s rooms so they could lock up their personal stuff. Our teenagers put these together in no time and are 
it is great. this is a great washer at this price. easy to use and reliable  
water. I love this Brita filter. It has increased my water intake easily a hundred fold. My home water wasn t really that bad tasting but with city water you 
Great Utensil Holder. This utensil holder is fantastic. The attached spoon rest is a great idea. The 3 compartments, with different depths, mean that shorter utensils can t hide. The 
Thanks MOM, Love my chairs!!!!!!. I received this item as a gift from my mother and I love them. Easy to put together,very sturdy and comfrotable. They go perfect in 
Great Little heater. This is a great heater for small to medium sized rooms. I ve owned two of them for a number of years, and they work great. I 
Nice table overall. I bought this table recently and I am overall very happy with it. The color is very nice and it seems to be strong and sturdy. Putting 
Excellent Machine. Bought this to use with my rancilio. It seems to have made a huge difference. I thought there was something wrong with the espresso maker as my espresso 
Feels great. This feels great to lay on. I bought it for my 7-year-old s bed and he loves it. I have the 3-inch one on my Select-a-Number bed and 
Great toy!. My cat loves this. It is made so that even when the cat is interacting with it, it won t hurt her by ripping the bird away from 
Super Chopper. The potato slicer was wonderful. The blades were extremely sharp and cut different size potatos with ease. This will be a mainstay in my kitchen  
Wonderful to look at AND use!. This personal teapot is such a joy to look at as well as use! The handle is very user friendly and very generous in 
KitchenAid Cookware is a Good Choice. I initially received the cookware set as a gift from my spouse, and have been slowly adding pieces over time only at rock-bottom sale 
Sharp Knife. Great utility knife. I found the walnut handle a little rough which was easily fixed by rubbing hand soap on it and cleaning off excise  
I love it!. I love my new steamer. I cannot use chemical cleaners in my home or degreasers. The McCulloch steam cleaner melts the grease spots right off my stove, 
BEAUTIFUL SHEET SET. This is a great sheet set. Nice cotton. The only thing I would advise is taking them out of the dryer while they are alittle damp and 
Best Value for the money, as well as a timeless style. We ve had this set for twenty years this fall. The set looks as good as the day we 
Great for way more than just reading!. This booklight has revolutionized my night life. I love the Xtra Flex. It takes 3 AAA batteries which makes it much more cost 
Single serving platter. Sango stoneware has been great for us for everyday use. Good feel with smooth surfaces including the bottom so it doesn t scratch. I ve built up 
Worth every penny!. This set is a great way to get a few basic cookware pieces, however, once you start cooking with this truly outstanding cookware, you ll want to 
First one rec d was damaged. I m giving this four stars because the first model I received had several scratches and even small rust marks eek! on the front 
Perfect for a good walk. This pedometer is great. It s very small and very light. I forget it s even there. It keeps me motivated to walk more and 
Handy Kitchen Chair Stool. Pros: Easy to put together. Solidly built. Serves a duel purpose as chair and step stool. Looks nice in kitchen.Cons: Not for a large person to 
Happy cat!. Kitty forgot all about the couch with this thing. He loves the catnip that it comes with and you can refill it with catnip as well. They need 
Awesome snow cone machine!. I got one of these when i was 10 two years ago, and it works great! It uses ice cubes from your freezer and is very 
a missing part on the rice cooker. Actually this is not a review. I ve been using aroma rice cookers for a while and I really like them. Lately I 
great coffee maker. The coffee maker works great and is good for making one cup of coffee or one travel mug of coffee  
Easier to use than a pot holder. This thing is great! It slides right over the handle of a Calphalon pot pan and it really keeps the heat out. Plus, 
Excellent product. I purchased this product about 6 months and I use very hardly every day with no problem .I don t any complain ,product just very well made and 
Love this tea maker!. I ve never written a review before, but I had to write one for this. I ve had this tea maker for about three years, and 
Just what we wanted. While neither small nor inexpensive,this appliance performs all the tasks we wanted in a very handsome package. Sensible and well marked controls means its instruction book 
Brother ES2000 sewing machine. Great price,easy to use, the speed control pedal takes some getting use to though. All things considered a good all around machine  
A fine fan for any purpose. This fan is an excellent value for its price. It gives 3 options for style of air flow nd 3 speeds. Additionally, it is 
Chantal baker review. This baker is sturdy and of good size for those pocket oven sizes. I wish Chantal still made them enamel on metal, but oh well  
Nice little filter. I bought this for my dorm room. We have horrible tasting water here, and this little filter does an excellent job of removing the bad taste. I 
Very Handy. We use these more than any other dishware items in our pantry. They go from the fridge to the microwave to the oven. Plus, they are indestructable, whether 
Excellent bread slicer. Prior to getting the slicer, I had been using an electric knife and a bread slicing guide to slice homemade bread. This was always less than satisfactory, 
Fantastic Product. This indoor grill is really great. When you get ready to use it just turn the timer dial to 5 minutes to pre heat & then your ready 
Good value pet bed. My dog loves his new bed. It s large and quite deep - very good value for the money. Haven t washed it yet so don 
great toaster. I ve had trouble with all toasters in the past. Never had I found one that worked without a cooling period between slices. My grandaughters came over for 
I m the only one. Well I must be the only one who likes this product. I ve haven t had any problems with it. I like the speed. The 
THE PERFECT PEN FOR MY POMERANIAN. After shopping around for a small pen for my pomeranian, I came across this very functional one. It is perfect for people living in 
Best by test. I love my KitchenAid 2-slice toaster. It is the best I have had, and I have had a lot of brands throught he years. It is tall 
Great Product, Great Price. I have several brands of silicone baking mats and these are just as good as the ones costing twice as much... highly recommended  
Best pasta pot. I originally bought the 10 piece set and loved it so much that I keep adding on. This is my latest addition and I love it just 
I love my mogu. I love my mogu doll this is the third one that I have purchased. I now have two and my sister-in-law who always wanted to steal 
Cuisinart stainless steel carafe. Reading other reviews it all depends on what you want when it comes to a rating. This is a no frills coffee pot which is what 
Roaster. This is the absolute best roaster I have ever owned. I love it!!  
Heirloom Quality. I held out a long time before plunking down the cash to purchase a Le Creuset. I waited to find a model that had the potential to justify 
Ten paws up from my five furry friends. This is by far the most popular cat toy I own. All five of my cats love playing with it. I think 
Good pizzelles. It s a little on the small side. The clasp is fragile and sticks. Easily breakable clasp. Makes good pizzelles, though  
Sharp Cutter. We ve all at one point seen different items all on those as seen on T.V. infomercials. Sadly, there are most products that don t deliver as much 
keeps coffee warm. handy to have on the the table beside you, keeps the coffee at a good temperature-  
pizza pan. This is a wonderful pizza pan. Makes great pizza and is easy to clean, although, it s a little heavy  
Good desk heater. I bought this heater for a lady at work. While it is not the quietest heater, it is perfect for heating under a desk in a busy 
Batali Pizza Pan. The Batali pan is a lot heavier than expected but the handles make it easy to manage. I ve only tried using the pan to bake pizza 
VERY SATISFIED CUSTOMER. Item arrived on time and in excellent condition. It was exactly as I expected  
Pretty Good Value. I ve cleaned my wedding rings and watches with it and am happy with its performance. No, it does not clean as well as the ones at 
Excellant Product. I own the Krups coffee machine and this filter is excellant for filtering your water prior to brewing the coffee. I have had problems finding replacements but am 
Nice teapot for any kitchen. Have been looking for a simple teapot that can withstand daily use. I found this Cobalt Teapot and ordered it! It looks good with any 
Perfect for smaller family. This is a very nice little crock pot. I ve used it several times and have been very happy with it. The removable crock itself is 
Play it again..........Tiger~~~. I purchased several of these as gifts last xmas for Bosse s,etc and they loved them. It is a wonderful easy game to have on a desk 
So Easy Your Husband Can Install. Purchased this for my cat who loves to sit in the window in the summertime. Now that the windows need to be closed this 
Great Knife. I purchased this item for a Christmas gift for my mother in law. She absolutely loved it!! It was packaged nicely and even though I ordered it a 
Swissmar raclette grill. Works great! I like the temperature control. I have an older, European model with only an ON OFF switch and I must say the temp control is 
Simmons Beautyrest Waterproof Mattress Pad. This is one of two waterproof mattress pads that are used in my household. The other pad holds water when washed and takes forever to 
Cuisinart Sandwich Grill. I bought this for my daughter to take away for the summer. She loves it! It s easy for her to use she doesn t cook anything 
Comes with 2 trays. After a great deal of research on a number of web pages I ve found that this add-a-tray is a package that has 2 two trays. 
great for the price. Don t expect this to be the same quality as Corningware, it isn t. Lots of useful pieces, not positive about quality re: how they will 
Great merchandise. I love the soap dispenser and I m glad I brought 2 of them. The seller was great at getting them to me in such a short time 
Handy little bug. I purchased one of these for my elderly mother. It is very easy to use and works just as advertised! The only problem we have had with 
Great for dressings, sauces. Handy little gadget when you don t want bits of herbs and spices in your salad dressings or gravies, etc. Its not a must have but 
The good and bad with this collar. I have two dogs that seem to love to bark at any and everything! So I bought two collars to try and train 
Good deal for the money. My friend is going through a divorce, and his soon-to-be ex-wife took everything she could, including the silverware. I had this set sent to my 
Hamilton Beach Stand 12 Speed. I just received this product. It works great. It is sturdy. It is also just like they say it is. Easy to use. Easy to 
At Last!. At last, a practical way to preserve our wine. We have tried many systems and sprays. These stoppers are durable, effective and easy to use. The best we 
Pink leather wrapped travel mug. I have been looking for a nice drinking mug for work. This one looked very pretty and feminine . It turned out to be even 
so far so good. With only 90 days of use, can only say so far ,so good .Pretty much as advertised with the exception that it is fairly noisey. If 
Rich quality, unbelievable value!. Just got the two sets that I ordered yesterday and am thrilled with them. The quality is fabulous .. better than anything I have seen in 
Beautiful color. I absolutely love the new Scarlet color by Fiestaware. Mine did arrive in one piece which is a miracle as the box looked like it had been used 
Excellent saute pan. T-Fal is an excellent quality and a good buy. Nice, heavy pan and very non-stick . Now I just have to find a lid to fit it 
Worth every penny!. I was looking for a vacuum for my hardwood and tile when I found the electrolux. Initially, it was a little more than I wanted to spend 
Tried Them All-This Is The Best. I have a ton of Stainless Steel in my modern loft, including all large and small appliances. I ve tried many SS cleaners and 
Huge Savings on This Fantastic KitchenAid Saucier Pan!!!!. The distribution of heat in this pan is super!Great for gravies and sauces. I have found it practical for stir fry and 
This is NOT white, it is off white. Nice blanket, I sent it back, it is not SNOW white, it is off-white, ivory, whatever you would like to call it, 
Good Investment- Does the job WELL.... I spent some time searching around, with my criteria being of course cost-effectiveness, low noise, and mostly the ability to clean the air effectively. 
We love it!. The chocolate fountain is super easy to set up and whisper quiet. It has been a big hit with our friends and family. It has taken us 
Works like a champ. This Stockpot works well. Handle stays cool. Capacity is great. Looks well contructed too  
Great design; but. This pan is great from the design point of veiw; except that its handle is made so fragile. It could break easily if not handled with care. 
I like it---I love it!!!!. This is truly a great machine. My husband has lost over 20 lbs. on a low carb diet and has ice cream every night!!!! I 
drain rack with drainage tray. drain rack was great. Drainage tray underneath was completely shattered in shipping process so I just used an old tray that I already had that 
My beagle loves this toy!. You know, beagles... they collect, shred, destroy anything they can find.I put my beagle to a crate when I go to work not necessary I 
Hand held vacuum. I have a regular sized vacuum but bought this for more convenient use in obscure locations. I am very pleased as it is as advertised and filled 
Sango Nova Brown Pitcher. This pitcher is exactly what I ordered. It arrived on time and in good condition.  
NIce Bowls but set of 2 doesn t mean price for 2. Nice product, however description says 24.00 set of two. 24.00 is for one bowl. I needed 4 so 
Great Gift!. I bought this for my boyfriend for his man s room ....he loves it! It keeps beer cold and it looks great  
I love it!!. I bought this french press to replace a glass one that broke. I love that this one has the unbreakable beaker; I plan on taking it camping 
Dyson DC 14 Full-Kit Upright Bagless Vacuum - Better than expected!. I ve purchased so many vacuum cleaners in the past few years and I hated them all. Usually because 
Only product that acutually works!!. I have tried numerous other products and this by far is the best! I had a problem with other cats spraying on my patio and 
Love it!. No more messy fingers. This is the most awesome tool for peanut butter, Mayo, and even butter. Love it! Also great for scraping out bowls.  
Like it. I like the Dualit 25364....I didn t give it 5 stars because I never give anything a top rating. The toaster is an attractive design...and easy to use 
Review of Delonghi TRR0715 Retro Oil-Filled Radiator. I purchased this Oil-Filled Radiator Heater in mid-December 2000. I am very happy with its performance. It is a very handsome unit; so 
Just what I needed. This stow away ironing board is just what I needed for quick morning ironing without dragging out the ironing board. Big enough for most shirts, skirts, 
Good set with one exception. Just got these about 3 weeks ago. They cook very well and I really like the see though lids. The only thing I consider a 
A really beautiful wisk. I too bought this wisk since I had read in a review that it was all silicone. But I have been really happy with the quality 
The Best Garlic Press. This is a really good product. My husband and I like this new Zyliss garlic press a lot better than the old Zyliss garlic press we 
Love, Love, Love IT!. How did I ever live withouth this little baby? Lots of power, easy to handle, super easy clean up. I use it fo reverything from making 
Dirt Devil CE7900 Platinum Force Carpet Extractor. I bought this steam cleaner because I heard its the best one yet! I agree! It works wonderful! The only down fall for 
If you cook a lot with a lot of whole herbs and spices you need this little gadget. An avid home cook that is a collector of both cookbooks and 
Sleep Well. The pillows are fantastic. At first I did not know if I would be happy because they were quite firm but they have softened up and I do 
Great product. For some reason I thought I d ordered the gray but the white is very nice. I have a colored comforter underneath it so it is a little 
After a year, fully satisfied with the product. I bought this item in Feb of 2006 and have had many opportunities to give it a full test. I love it 
great looking and comfy. I got the love seat and chair and found them easy to put together with some additional tools. The allen wrench they provided was good for 
Extremely pleased with the fiestaware black lunch plate. Great item. Rec d it in wonderful shape. Packaged well to withstand droppage and anything else that might have happened to it. 
Office Chair. The chair is very comfortable although the seat is kind of at an awkward slant. That s the only thing I don t like about it. Other than 
Awesome Carpet Cleaner. My carpets feel and look brand new after using the SteamVac! I love how soft it feels, so I have been using the steamvac at least every 
Culinary who can read a product description and loves good cookware!. This stock pot is enamel on steel, not cast iron, it was never meant to be. No reason for 
Good for the money. The pots and pans were delivered very quickly to my residence. The items were well packaged. Since we just moved into our apartment, we began using 
Great value!! Love them. This end table is even nicer than described. It is obviously not an expensive piece of furniture but it is a lovely piece, especially for such 
Attractive, elegant and comfy!. These stools are very nice for the price, they have a comfortable white fabric seat, they make my kitchen table look much nicer! I had tall 
Christmas gift. Was very pleased to find this product on amazon.com. I found them on sale at Kohl s and after calling and driving to several stores could not find 
So far so good. I like the style of it, and I like how you can use the inner piece on the stove, that has worked nicely. I had a 
Chocolate Pot. This chocolate pot works great. It takes a little longer to melt the chocolate than claimed, but it doesn t take too long, and it does melt the 
Top Notch Sheets. I ve owned these sheets now for well over a year, and they are of simply top notch quality. In fact, they ve been the ONLY sheets 
Beautiful and Very Sturdy. This set far exceeds my expectations! There are so many expensive all weather wicker sets and I was so apprehensive about the quality. I was so 
The BEST pizza cutter on the market!. This is the BEST pizza cutter on the market, and believe me, my husband and I have had several. It cuts clean and 
Not your mother s oven mitts. I was a little hesitant that these would work, but I liked the colors and idea of an oven mitt that cleaned up since 
A bowl of many uses!. We love these bowls!! We use them for ice cream and cereal and soup and all sorts of things that the regular bowls were too 
good invention. i bought this about a week ago. i am satisfied. it performs as advertised. i drink several cups of hot tea a day and did not want to 
Totally Amazing!. This stuff cleans amazingly well. Cleans those scrapes from the porcelain sink in the kitchen. Cleans the bathtub. Cleans the stainless steel pots...makes em shiny and pretty. No 
Perfect for stovetop-to-oven use. Purchased this as a gift in 2004 during an Amazon promotion. Two years later the cook says it s her favorite pot for combination browning braising 
Grocery Bag Holder. Grocery bag holder is sturdy and easy to install. It holds 30 bags easily  
Great value for the price. Pros:-Heats up fast-Very easy to clean-Well madeCons:It would be great if they included the spatula  
Does the job but noisy. It really does shift some air but mine has an annoying click click noise as it rotates. You can t really use it and watch 
DeLonghi heater delivers. The Delonghi heater is light weight, has multiple settings, safety knock-over switch, thermostat and a remote. I have moved it room to room and it has worked 
Does the job. I used to roast garlic by wrapping it up in foil and putting that in the oven, which proved to be a real pain in the neck. 
You ll use this for more than soup!. This has become one of my favorite pots -- it browns things beautifully while the high sides keep the spatters contained. Compare 
Mattress Pad. Couldn t find it in stock at the local stores...easy to order online for the same price  
Coffee Lover, NC. Great product...love the light display, easy to use. Only thing I do not like is that there is no external indicator on water volume. I have to 
The best brand of knifes. This is one of the best knifes that I have ever had. Excellen  
Happy with order. I was happy that I could find this! The order arrived on time. Thanks.  
They have it!. I could not find a store that carries flannel sheets in white like color but Amazon.com Great price too  
So sharp. Great set and so sharp. Completely pleased with all of the knives  
I recommend this tool. Works better than other undercoat tools that cost MUCH more  
WOWOWOWOWOOWOOOWOWOOOW. HiThis is the best product ever!I must tell you that it makes great tortillas and the rotis awesome.I got mine from Gandhiappliances very fast shipping.got mine in just 2 
The Best. Judge espresso machines by the weight and mass of the brewing handles. The difference between this machine and the 149 Delonghi-style ones is night and day. This machine 
Decent. Decent block. Didn t realize at the time that I probably could of purchased a whole set of knives on sale in a block like this. Shop around  
Just What I Was Looking For. I have twin boys and for their 3rd birthday their room was being done in all Thomas the Tank. These sheets were a real 
great slow cooker. I looked for slow cookers for quite awhile before settling on this one. Needed a programmable one to set in the morning before work and come back. 
Sharp Solid Stainless Style. Another beautiful knife in this series.Wonderful balance and solid forge, well built, great edge, outstanding style. Only problem with the little paring knife is that it 
Pleasantly Surprised. I bought one of these from a yard sale for use at my small office. I was getting stuck cleaning up the kitchen and decided to see if 
Fabulous - it is really working!. We live in New York City and have two cats - younger cats, 18 months and about a year old - needless to say, 
Powerful And Easy To Use. I pulled this blender out of the box and immediately filled it with ice cubes no water . I turned it on and gave the 
Decorative yet functional. I purchased this piece in the now retired pearl gray color, and intended on using it as wall art in my kitchen. I use the retired colors 
Solution to slow flow... This product is an excellent step-up from the filter jugs. I ve used it in the past and intend on getting it again to help with 
5-Inch ceramic garlic keeper. The first one I received was broken, but Amazon.com had a new one in the mail the next day... It is great! Not overly decorated and 
It is what it is.... I ve had this toaster for about 4 years and it s been perfect. In fact, it s wariming a couple slices of pizza as 
love it. This is my second chiroflow pillow and I love it. Reduces neck pain and I sleep much more comfortably. I recommend it highly  
Holiday treat. The crook in the rawhide make the canes a bit of a challenge to chew. Good exercise for the dogs that gulp down everything whole  
Excellent Buy. My husband wanted something to take his coffee to work. After doing some research and seeing the ratings this item received on Amazon I gave it to him 
Now I lay me down to sleep..... What a fabulous pillow and a great deal. They looked small until I unpacked them, then POOF! Big fluffy pillows! Nice  
Far better than average. First the sad news...after purchasing at least 8 different vacuum cleaners in recent months, I ve determined THERE IS NO PERFECT VACUUM CLEANER. I ve tried 
Positives and negatives. Bought one after seeing a friend use hers. The unit works well I know but the downsize for me is the clumsiness aspect. No storage unit for 
Yum!. The Farberware 4-Slice Belgian Waffle Maker is a nice small appliance to have on hand. We don t use our often enough, but it s always fun for when 
Just one thing missing to be a 5 . It is a strong, easy to mount and attractive piece of kitchen wear.I own Japanese knives, some with intricate damascus work 
Chopping Made Fun. I use a lot of fresh herbs in my cooking, but I have always hated cutting them up. With this wonderful chopper set I actually look forward 
as good as promised. kitchenAid kmtt400ss- 4-slice metal toaster was bought as a gift and the recipient has called it the best toaster he ever had. It works as advertised: 
Great glasses!. These are SO cute!! I only gave them 4 stars because they were a gift for my neighbor and I don t know exactly how durable they are 
Great Product for Popcorn Lovers. I have had my popper for about two years now and I LOVE it. The only problems I seem to have is the difficulty of 
Great worker in a small package. With 98 humudity in my bathroom this summer, this little worker did it s job great. Had to empty every day but that was 
A must for every kitchen!. I can t say enough about this spade spoon scoop, whatever you want to call it! This does it all and stands up to the 
Wonderful Nautica Crew Classic Cotton Blanket!. I own several of the Nautica Crew Classic Cotton blankets now, and have found them to be the BEST blankets I have come across 
so far good. I ve used it once, it works fairly well. No problems yet  
Hunter prefilter pad is a great idea. I bought this to eventually replace the original pre filter in my Hunter Hepa air filter. I think this is a great idea 
Wonderful knives!. These are great knives, especially for the price. They are just like the Pro-S line from Henckels only are not hardened the same way. They are sharp. The 
Great reconditioned item!. I don t always like purchasing reconditioned things but got in on a great deal during a sale and so couldn t pass it up, as it 
Good product. The scale is easy to use and precise. I have use it in the range of 0-1kg 0-2pounds with calibrated sample weights and measures have a max. error 
this sucker REALLY WORKS!!!. We have a new dog who loves to get into everything. I bought a scat mat to keep her out of my husband s office. We 
This dustbin is awesome!!!!. I bought this because it was on sale and I wanted to try it. Now I want to kick myself for not getting it sooner. This 
Works great. Same as the filters I buy in the store, they do the job. They last just as long as they should and are worth the money. I ve 
Here s All You Need. My sister just bought this set and I got one for my guest room full size bed . Great buy considering you only maybe need 
Thought I d never use this.....was I wrong!. I now own 3 of these platters. One is the halloween one! I use them constantly for entertaining. The platter is large 
Revere Copper Bottom 3 qt Covered Saucepan. The pan was very nice and I was very please with the Amazon experienc  
Difficult to learn, but when it gets going it s great. If you have Windows XP, you had better have all Windows Updates installed on your PC. The software is 
The best I can find in stores. I tried 4 or 5 of such digital food scales, this one stands out as the best for two reasons:1 Uses 2 AA 
Churchill China Brook Pink Gravy Boat and Stand Set. The gravy boat and stand were offered at a very good price. I was pleased with the appearance and quality of 
It really is. The name fits, this is the Best Pastry Blender. It s like a small potato masher, with the strength that suggests. We had two previous pastry blenders 
Excellent Product. I ordered the Chef s Choice 120 and even before it arrived my Cook s magazine issue came and low and behold there was a rating of all 
Macho Cat Collar. I had hunted in several pet super stores for a cat collar that didn t have a bell for my male cat. This collar is stylish and 
Keeps food fresh. I purchased a total of three Vittles Vaults. The first one I purchased works really well. I can spin the lid on tight with one hand. I 
Great toaster. I like this toaster a lot. It has a substantial feel to it. It stays put when you push the lever down, and the bread toasts relatively evenly. 
Great Bowls. These bowls are really great. I have been watching and learning about Fiesta for a long time. This was my first Fiestaware purchase. I will be getting more!! 
Not bad for the price. Ladies know I rock nothing less than 12k TC s. That s just how i do  
One knife... I have one knife in my kitchen, and this is it. Granted, because I live in NYC, I rarely cook. However, whatever I need it for this knife 
Bath towel. The towel is very soft, and size is pretty big. I like it  
We Call Him Secret Squirrel. I have two cats and they both love Secret Squirrel. He has a velcro tummy that you can open up and stuff full of catnip. 
Finally, glasses that can take a beating!. While I wouldn t recommend throwing these against a brick wall, they are strong enough to survive the average fall without shattering . 
Great Toaster Oven. This Toaster Oven is very easy to use, and very easy to clean-the crumb tray is a snap to remove and replace.We are very happy with it 
Outstanding, impressive and shart. I have had many types of knives in my past but none this heavy, sharp and useful. The handle is both ergonically useful and very beautiful 
No complaints. Cheap, lite-weight, heats up quick, slides easily, stores its own cord. What s not to like  
This Goose knows her feathers... I ordered this comforter thinking, it wasn t a good idea to order this online...Well I was wrong!! I received it with-in 5 days after 
Good value for the price. After reading all other reviews I thought that this product would work well and for only 20. I tested it while cooking a Mexican dish 
Great!. Love the soup bowls. They live up to the usual fiestaware quality as all of the other products from fiestaware. So pick your color and enjoy  
Cool wine cooler!. I have most of the Santa Fe Collection so I knew this wine cooler ought to be good.And so it is! It s tall enough 8 tall 
WOW!. I received this lamp 2 years ago from my mother in law as a gift. I loved it so much I got another one and both are still in 
Simple and Practical. It does just what it is supposed to do. What more is there to say  
WONDERFUL FOR ALL BLENDING NEEDS. I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER AND SHE IS VERY HAPPY WITH IT AS IT DOES ALL THE BLENDING AND CHOPPING USES SHE HAS NEED 
aaa slow cooker. I have the plain one and cooks illustrated was right in giving it high marks.Now I will order this newer one with a timer as well as 
Beautiful Dishes. The dishware arrived very timely and extremely well packed. I am very pleased with the accuracy of the pictures on-line and what arrived  
Great Product. Great product, very soft. Save my expensive mattress from my son s mishaps several time already. However, one of the stain got though, perhaps it s not 100 
Excellent buy!. Received the coffee table and end table last night, had them both assembled within an hour. Very easy, good tolerances good fit , everything aligned perfectly. Very sturdy 
a must have. I add cooking olive oil to the heating service. this seams to help the pads last longe  
Euro Banana Holder - Satin Nickel . Excellent. Heavy duty and well made. The Satin Nickel looks expensive. It stands about 13 high with a good, strong support base. It 
Thought they d be cheesy, but they re not!. I wanted to get my boyfriend some nightlights that looked cooler than standard nightlights, but would still provide me with enough 
Viva Fiesta!. I LOVE my Fiestaware & these bowls are a GREAT price! They are the cereal bowls that come in the 4 piece set.I think the other reviewer thought 
Lots of froth. It s a quality product from Krups which gives lots of froth! Sometimes too much. If you are not experienced capuchino maker this product is right for 
O2 Cool - Oh! Too Cool!. My parents live in Florida, so we got two of these and rechargable batteries for use in case of storms and power outages. The 
I was impressed. I personally haven t heard a peep about SilverStone in ages, and frankly, when I bought this item, I didn t even realize it was made by 
FANTASTIC and VERY QUIET... HONEYWELL: 18155 SilentComfort Air Purifier First off, I d like to say that this is the only air purifier I ve ever owned so I cannot 
Perfect!. I purchased this mostly because I needed some height to my Spode grouping but I found it perfect to hold our gallon iced-tea brew tea bags. It has a 
micro wave popcorn popper. This popper works fairly well excpt that u must use an insert to get maximium popping experience. so when u run out othe insert which are 
Good coffee, One cup at the time. I really like this single serve coffee maker. Every cup is steaming hot and good. You can use pods or ground coffee. Excellent 
Perfect, just the right size. Just the right size for an appetizer plate, well made. I like the flaring up at the sides, as well as the center decoration. Color 
Wow - the best popcorn ever!. I bought this when my air popper died & I am so glad I found this product! The popcorn is the best & it 
KitchenAid great as always. I am very pleased with the kitchenaid khb300ob hand blender.as always kitchenaid lived up to our expectations. long lastinghelpful, and with an easy grip.Never have regretted 
complete set. I have a complete set of dinnerware for 12. I am currently getting the completer items. The pieces are much prettier in person. The art work is more 
versatility. the sleek clean lines, simplicity, and fabric make this piece of furniture very versatile. i have put it in my living room to coordinate with a modern theme, it 
Coffee warmer. My wife raves about this device. She alway s has to have hot coffee and the is the frist one that s done it s job without having 
Worked for us. We used Feliway when we moved with our cat into a new home, to help her adjust. It seemed to work -- there was little yowling, no 
Does what the name suggests. This was actually for my wife rather than me. She has fond childhood memories of a Presto air popper and was quite gleeful when it 
Calypso Pink Colander. Perfect shade of pink for my kitchen. It s perfect in every way  
callaway colander. I thought it would be larger, it looks nice but the drain holes are about 1 4 inch, too big for spaghetti  
great little can opener. easy to use, just the right size and the price was good too  
Neat. This isn t a kitchen essential, but it s nice to have if you are a gadget junkie and garlic lover like me! The garlic roasts just as it 
Great Heavy Duty Utility Wood Cutting Board for all your Chopping Needs. This is a wonderful utility wood cutting board.When shopping for a cutting board, there are several factors you 
An Essential for Family of Four or More. This is a big saucepan! I got it for Christmas because I needed a large saucepan shape with a long handle to 
It really does work! The best wireless speaker!. I have tried many other wireless speakers and this is the first one that really works. No static, no tuning to mess 
Cristal D Arques Longchamp 11 1 4-Ounce Tumbler. Good product. Gave it a 4 star rating instead of a 5 star because the glasses are a little less heavy thick 
Entertaining!. Just a word of advice: If your dog is used to playing tug of war with a rope they will easily pick this toy up. If they aren t, 
Saves me a bundle on vet bills. My 10 yr old Cocker Spaniel has had cronic ear infections for 4 yrs. She has developed a resistance towards most antibiotics and 
Very impressive. This vacuum replaced an older upright Hoover Elite, that I really thought had still worked relatively well, considering the bag container is attached with a bungie cord. I 
Wonderful fiesta go along...... I hesitated to use these mugs when I first received them. Now I use them exclusively as our everyday mugs. They are a nice heavy weight 
An absolutely lovely addition to my kitchen. This bread box is just lovely. Mine arrived in perfect condition. The interior measurements are 15 long by 8.5 wide. The box is 
Finally a Clean spatula. They finally got the design right on this one. I have seen and purchased many silcone spatulas because I like the flexibility and tempature resistance.The problem 
Very nice glasses and not that fragile. First off, it seems Amazon has fixed the broken in shipping problem. My glasses were in an box with bubbles, in another box 
We love this set!. We love this product. It can go with so many different set ups. It comes apart so you are not stuck to keeping it in a 
Singer Sewing Machine Model 7442 80 Stich. This Singer model sews beautifully. The only downside that I thought was there was no seam gauge attachment, something that I did not 
Love my Fagor PC set. I bought this set because my husband had shot a deer in January and wanted something I could cook the venison in to make it 
= you get what you pay for... I have one 13 lb cat and my sister & her husband have a 5 lb kitten. They play on this all the 
fit perfectly. i bought this for two reasons, one is that i only had 40 in gift certificates from christmas, and the second was that i was looking for a 
These sheets are incredible. I purchased these sheets together with the Pike Street 800 thread count sheet set as they were being offered as a combo special, made on the 
Best Spatula Ever!. I recieved this spatula from my grandmother about 2 years ago and fell in love! Since then, I have purchased three others simply because I use them 
Very good humidifier. I m using this unit for my bedroom, which has been getting very dry on some of the colder days this winter. It works very well. In 
Cosequin for cats. Product arrived promptly,in good condition! This product costs twice as much at Vets office. Somebodies making money!!!  
Great wok. I have used this wok on a flat top range for 6 months now - it is great. Does not stick, easy to clean, nice to look at. 
Perfect Espresso every time, easy to clean, solid quality. I stumbled on this machine while browsing at the Williams-Sonoma store. It s almost like love at first sight. Beautifully crafted, 
Sturdy, lifetime blender. This blender is fabulous. Although pretty expensive, I wouldn t recommend anything else. My favorite feature of this blender is the blades. They are super heavy and 
Not bad for 29.99. This was not a big giant fluffy down comforter, but definately MORE than adequate for California weather. It fit my Pottery Barn Duvet PERFECTLY. I am 
Cool is Cool. Since my mother has a Honeywell fan, similar to this one, I felt I couldn t go wrong in the purchase of the same brand. All others 
I love this Stockpot!. This stockpot is just perfect. I ordered mine off www.amazon.com and it was just excellent. Also it is very nicely priced and it is of good 
Exactly what I wanted. I had spent hours ironing my uniforms for work before I bought this from Amazon. I finished about a 1 2 hour ago from ironing my 
Insulated tmblers. Excellent product I use them all the time, and have purchased a set for my daughter so I can use them at her house  
OK. I was looking for a double burner to replace a single coil burner. I went with this one because the the cast-iron heaters are 6-1 2 and 71 2 
Works great even for a left-hander. This knife is incredibly sharp right out of the box. I had some trepidation about using it, because I m left-handed they ve since 
Great, but... The plug dial you use to adjust the temperature broke on us after only about 6 months. We re-glued it and it lasted for a while, but just 
Sharpest Knife in the Drawer. This near-razor sharp little knife is a great kitchen or camp tool and a handy self defense item for a lady s purse or concealed 
a great vacuum. I ve had this vacuum for about two months now and I love it. We have a Golden Retriever and a black cat and they both shed 
A must-have addition to Sango Nova Brown dinnerware. Despite the picture currently posted above and I ll edit this should it ever change , the 5 piece completer set contains:A 
GREAT food processor. I received this at Christmas. I have never had a full-size processor before, only the mini-prep type. What a difference!! I am very impressed with how quiet 
perfect towel- unless they re imperfect . These towels are huge and plush. But one of my bath towels in the Cousteau color arrived flawed. It had major problems down 
Happy to have it in the kitchen. For some reason, I thought that maybe this colander was a flexible, folding rubber plastic, but fortunately this wasn t the case!On pulling 
KitchenAid is the Best - Always Delivers~!! A . This new one replaced one I had a long time. You just can t beat KitchenAid~! They re workhorses and the 
Truely Outstanding. I was searching for a speaker system with docking capabilities for my ipod video and boy did I find a nice one! With the arched back speaker portion 
I love this bowl!. I love this serving bowl. I used it to store my various fruit when I was single. Now, spending my first holiday with my new husband, 
GRRRRREAT!!!. This is a great cat collar! My kitty is full grown, but still tiny. The regular collars are uncomfortably thick and dig into his neck. He was always scratching 
Great Product. I check out all the local stores for a glass-lined Carafe, but could find none. This is a great product. Keeps coffee hot especially when primed with hot 
one for every job. These cutting mats are really great - making a meal is a lot easier now as I have a cutting surface for each type of food 
Amazing at this price. Works very well. You ll probably want to pre-treat the carpet and also boil the water to get it extra hot, if the hot water out 
Something for Everyone. There are many rave reviews here, so I won t bore you more than necesssary. They re all true.I use the chopper all the time. We never 
Excellent Product. The baby safe feeder is an excellent product. I don t know why The Toys R Us Store makes it so hard to purchase it. ANY TIME I 
Made my mother-in-law happy. We bought these bowls for Mother s Day for my wife s mother. She received them promptly and raved about them. They are colorful and lightweight, 
Perfect little pot!. Although I expected this to be bigger than it is, I use it for everything now. Rice? Oatmeal? Soup? It s just big enough. Now, I plan 
Beautiful Sea Mist Pitcher. I decided to add this pitcher to my Sea Mist collection since Fiestaware is discontinuing the color much to my dismay . I was pleasantly surprised 
terrific over-all. this item is just exactly as described...enough coffee for 5 adults at breakfast...the only flaw is that it is very difficult to see the water level which is 
Great Knife. First of all I would like to applaud Global for a great product and Amazon for fast shipping. Now lets talk about the knife, at first I was 
Can t do without one. I got a Mogu person pillow a few years back for christmas, and have slept with it everyday since. My original one was getting flat 
Wish I could rate at 8 stars !!. Have looked for five years since Rubbermaid quit making for spice rack and this is best ever. Compact entry in kitchen cupboard 
I love the chop plates best!. I have about 20 chop plates. I have most of the colors. I use them for barbeque dinners and for Italian meals. They will 
Elegant looking without etching. These are relatively inexpensive crystal glassed but work great for everyday use. I ve had one glass for several years now and it goes to the 
Kind of large but does the job. I ended up putting this in one of the larger pull-out pantry shelves in my kitchen because it was just too big for 
Great little sharpener. This is a great little sharpener for touching up the blades of your kitchen and pocket knives. Any major sharpening should probably be done on a stone 
good product. only problem i have with it...is that the plug doesn t go all the way into the power supply..which seems a little bit unsafebut works grea  
Beautiful! Couldn t be happier!. This is a very sturdy, beautiful piece of furniture. It holds an incredible amount of cds, and looks wonderful in our room. The storage cabinet 
great mistake. I accidently ordered this blanket. I thought it said it was an electric blanket. When I got it I found out it was the softest blanket ever and 
I LOVE this juicer!!. I bought this juicer back in December and I absolutely love it. It takes seconds to assemble and take apart. All the parts can go into 
Missing Link. 2nd order placed with this company and I received my product ontime. This is the best price on the web  
Elegant and functional. Hold the cardboard tube, not the towels, as you press a roll onto the spindle or the towels will telescope. No yanking off 20 towels by accident 
fry cutter not bad. I bought this and just used it it. Makes your cutting easier. The potato does not go all the way and I had to push through 
good cooker. good cooker, very functional, works well, been using it for a year and never had a problem  
Chef with Menu Board. The item came to my home quickly and was very nice. I did have one problem with the hand that holds the menu board. The hole 
Very Happy. Shelves are sturdy and my son loves them because he can see what is in them and get stuff out himself. It is also easier for him to 
No Fuss Browning. This is so quick and easy to use when you want to control the browning of the edge of pie crust  
Nice dish. Works great and the handle on top is a much needed feature. My old butter dish not fiestaware did not have one of these and that is how 
A must have. If you have the feeder set that these replacement bags go with, this is a must have. I strongly feel that this is something every parent should 
Anonomous. These finger bowls are beautiful! Simple elegance, easy to handle. They re a bit wider & shallower than I wanted, so I ordered the Steeltek Stainless Steel 12-Piece Condiment 
great. I really like this hand blender. Its so handy haha - I was actually amazed at how fast I was able to mash potatoes. I also got one that 
Crowing about Country Morning. I purchased Country Morning for my sister as a gift. She has Roosters in her kitchen. She loved it. All the pieces can be used in 
Very nice and good value. I purchased two sets as these have been hard to come by. My whole family uses them before the regular spoons to eat cereal and 
HOLMES 2 COOL is a man among men. Boasting fast blades that twirl so quickly that they create a virtual tornado of super awesome wind power that will blow your 
Great mat. I purchased this mat to use in our bath tub for my young daughter. It is working out great for her as it provides a non slip comfortable 
Enjoying new loveseat. I like the mocha color and the feel of the faux suede. It fits in with any decor. I felt the price of 299 was good, but 
Yes, microwave dishwasher freezer safe!. I recently purchased the 5 bowl set from costco 18, great deal! and the package says Microwave Dishwasher Freezer safe on the side. I ve 
Visi -therm heater. I find the Visi-therm heaters to be the easiest to set,very accurate,and very easy to see what temperature you are set at, the degrees are clear on 
Excellent Product for the price. It is very conformable Sofa. It comes with 1 year warranty for leather and stitches. Great product for the price  
Dolce walnut Hutch Wonderful Pick. I brought this hutch a few months ago along with the desk, book case, and file cabinet. Each piece is well made and fits well 
Great for Le Creuset. I have a great cast iron panini pan, which has a simple enamel handle. Which gets very hot. This holder does just the trick for handling 
Henckels and Cutco. Just to let you guys know, Cutco hires what they call &quot;web solicitors&quot; to hype up their products on sites like this. Also, Cutco is sold through 
Large Fiesta Salt & Pepper. Exactly what I wanted. Item as pictured and arrived in a timely manner  
Finally amazon is selling these!. For the longest third party stores were selling the Sango Black accessories. The shipping would be more than the item so I always opted out. 
Perfect Pizzelles. I recently purchased this iron because I was tired of paying what the grocery store wanted for them. I love it. I am able to make ice cream 
I m very pleased with my purchase. Gardenia smells great and is exceptionally healthy!. I received great customer service and a beautiful plant here.I would recommend this Gardenia to anyone 
Square is Cool. Great glasses for keeping those round ice cubes out of your face  
Must have saved me 10,000 dollars. Not really, unless you add up what I WOULD have paid for all the coffee I have made with it, at Starbuck s prices. 
GOOD COOKING. PLENTY OF ROOM PANCAKES SAUSAGE BACON FRENCH TOAST STEAKS ALL COOK WELL TEMP IS HOLDS WELL VERY SATIFIE  
professional results in a few minutes. This steamer allows you to sit in front of it while pressing. Top, quality sweaters, such as angora and cashmere come out as if 
Great toy but squeaker breaks. My dog loves this toy and the squeak it makes. He runs around with it and chews it as well as chases it and plays 
Great Design. Wonderful product. Keeps my coffee hot all morning. Slide-tab closure can be removed to clean  
Coffee is Super Strong!!. I love the convenience that the Melitta 0ne:one offers! It makes a fabulous cup of tea. All the teas are delicious but the coffees are terribly 
Perfect fit under a Senseo Coffeemaker. I like a big mug of coffee, and the Senseo coffee maker just does not have that much room under the spout. My tall 
Great Healthy Alternative to Supermarket Cat Junk Foods. Having nine felines..this is a great alternative to the more junk filled brands such as IAMS and Science Diet.If you are interested 
Great purchase. After recently returning to school, I was quickly reminded how tough reading textbooks is on one s neck, especially while trying to take notes at the same time. 
Okay. What do you expect for plastic? Easy to put together. Smaller than I thought but it worked for what I needed  
Best of both worlds. There seem to be two varieties of convection oven: super cheap and super expensive. This oven seems to bridge the gap. Look, I m a pretty 
You Can t Daydream Anymore!. I like this product since I was taking Nyquil to help me sleep, and I no longer need to keep that viable option. This machine 
I found them!!. I am so glad I found these. It is miserable to search for bag closers or sealers on Google. Bag clips seems so obvious. I have owned 
flanner queen plaid sheets. Was very pleased with the color and quality, although it seemeda little on the thin side. Haven t washed yet, so it ll probablyfluff up, but 
The best I have ever seen. I have purchased other syrup dispensers in the past, and all of them broke. Usually the thumb lever jams with dried syrup. This one 
should be 6 stars. I ve tried them all. Plastics, woods, and metals. This small, light weight unit is awesome. The edge is sharp and the metal thin and flexible. 
Astounding!!!. This is the most amazing knife I have ever owned! I ve purchased Henckles Twinstars, Sabatier;which is pure junk! Out of all the knives Ive owned none have sliced 
DIRT DEVIL BREEZE. A GREAT VAC FOR THE MONEY WE USED UPRIGHTS FOR YEARS BUT THIS ONE MUCH EASYER TO USE ESPECIALLY FOR OUR HOUSE WHICH HAS ALL WOOD FLOORS.VERY 
Simply the best!. Le Creuset has one of the best reputations out there, coming from professional chefs to the everyday at home chef. Le Creuset has quality, durability and beauty. 
Great Cooking Gear. My wife and I first purchased Calphalon Contemporary Nostick cooking gear about a year ago. We both love them. Not only do they cook evenly and quickly, 
I waited too long to buy this. This immersion blender is so easy to use! I can t believe I lived without it. I have spent 30 plus years using 
Small Sharp Microwave. My very first microwave was a Sharp; top of the line, limozine with all the bells and whistles, big, and beutiful. Also, heavy and required much space. 
Beautiful, quiet, easy to install. This fan is just beautiful. Very clean lines and it doesn t look old-fashioned like most ceiling fans. It s also very, very easy to 
Revereware 8 fry pan. Works well, as expected. This is a replacement for the same pan model that served us for over 10 years. We expect the same from this 
Still Toasting After All These Years. My husband and I registered for, and received this toaster oven by Black and Decker when we got married in 1999. After eight years 
Practical. I like to store a large amount of food for my 4 cats and this container is perfect. I mix more than 1 type of food together and it 
These sheets are lovely!. We recently purchased a new Sterns and Foster mattress set. The top mattress is very thick, thicker that most of the sheets in our closet. We 
Review od Chef Choice M130. Pro - Quiet. Very good sharpner. Use positions 1 and 3 for normal kitchen knifes, J.A. HENCKELS. Position 1 - diamond wheel, for very dull 
Double Burner Hot Plate. This is a great product which allows me the freedom to cook outside or in the garage avoiding the heat in the house. The heating elemets 
Cozy little house for your smaller kitty. I bought this bed for my very tiny cat 4 pounds-full grown and it suits her just fine! She slept in it last 
Sunny Bright. Everyday when I see this bright yellow butter dish sitting on the table I think of a sunny summer day with yellow snapdragons in the garden and hummingsbirds 
Decorator touch for very little dough!. We used two of these on a Target Dolce table and they looked great. These lamps aren t huge and do better as accent 
Traditional and solid. This is a cast Iron Skillet that is well made and pre seasoned. Worked out of the box and only has gotten better with use. My only 
They really DO work, but look around for the knockoff brands. I picked up a dozen in Home Depot for less than 5. Same concept, just a lot cheaper!Two of 
Great for non-stick pans. This works great with a non-stick pan, for eggs, etc, and seems to really hold up at high temperatures. My boyfriend tends to leave the turner 
Incredible Bargain!. It s hard to find anything wrong with such a damn good juicer that I only paid 25 for. What can beat that? Money very well spent.It does 
It s Great!. We have the refrigerator by our computer.We keep can drinks in it.It works great. We are very pleased  
Good solid table. I ve put this natural finish farm table in my kitchen and it is much nicer and larger than the natural finish circular table I had previously. 
Mean Pancake on this Baby. My sister raved about how this thing makes one mean pancake - just like mom s 30 year old machine! We re hoping this thing 
Great for kittens. I forgot the toy needed a battery so for the first few days my cats played with it without the bird moving around in circles, but mostly 
Best Deal out there. If you want one of those cool looking popcorn machines that make great popcorn than this is it, it is not made all that well and 
Really clear. Have had this mirror for nearly 4 years,still clear, adjusting is a snap. Super Goop is neccesary after a few years to keep it on the wall,or what 
Great upgrade from the glass carafe! No more burnt coffee. I bought this as a upgrade from the glass carafe that came with my aroma control machine. I was tired 
Works for me!. The product came in a timely manner. It was easy to set up and suits my needs perfectly. I m glad I purchased it  
Nice looking, soft and thick. These towels have a nice out of box experance. The color on them is very nice the size is big on them. They are 20 
Good Baby. Have to disagree with the other reviewer here ... I purchased a Baby biOrb recently for my new Betta, after having my first betta living in an airless 
Great scale at a great price. What can I say? It does what it is supposed to do and it does it well. 9V battery is easy enough to change. 
sylocone pot holders. I bought these for my brother and he loves them. Now my daughter inlaw wants a pair for christmas. My sister has the glove and she loves 
Terrific value for under 25. I ve wanted a juicer for a long time, but could never really justify the expense, knowing that I d very likely quickly tire of 
I would give them 5 stars for the Value but only 4 since there are better out there!. These are GREAT pillows for the price 29.97 per pair but there 
Beautiful Table!. I love my console table. It was a cinch to put together, and the finish is beautiful. The drawers are tiny, but that s my only complaint  
Great for the price. I received this as a Christmas gift along with the 12 lid. It was my first really decent skillet, so I didn t know what to 
great pocket balance. a very convenient scale for small quantities in the photo lab. so far is everything I need for this application  
Elegant but sturdy. How does one praise a salt and pepper shaker? I guess by pointing out the fact that this set is elegant without being gaudy and is very 
Excellent Product for the Price. These sheets are extremely soft and durable. We ve had them for about a week and love them. Washed three times already and still look 
Lid top needs improvement. I agree with the other review that the top is hard to seat correctly and becomes almost impossible once any oil from the dressing gets on 
Best Professional Knives. If you can afford these knives, they are one of the best knives out there. These knives are extremely sharp and make cut through food a joy. 
Solid!. These bowls are nice. Perfect for soup, dessert, salad, or whatever. Well, I like big salads, so they re a little small for MY salads. But they re great 
Say Good Bye to Pet Hair. I bought this to clean German Sheppard and cat hair off my couches. Both of which are covered in a sort of woven fabrick 
Cats paradise!. My cats love this! They will play with it by themselves or with each other. It is a little wobbly for my big fat male cat, but he 
Great organizing product. I just love this. It is well made, very easy to install. My kitchen is small and I found a need to utilize wall space for storage. 
Euro Cuisine Yogurt Maker. This is wonderfully simply way to make fresh yogurt without it being so sweet. Add fresh fruits to your own taste. So easy  
Great Quality and Value. I bought the first set because they seemed well priced compared to the terrycloth style we usually use. They are of high quality, good color and 
Fine sharp knife. I am no chef, just a granny who cooks huge meals regularly for a very large extended family. The knife was a gift over a year ago 
When only the best will do. This is perhaps the best cookware I ever owned. While not a professional chef, I really enjoy cooking. The meals I make are only 
best toaster oven yet. Used for a month now, better than the others tried over 25 yrs. For the remanufactured price, would buy it again if it lasts for a 
Deep Dish Pan with Great Looks. With a fairly intensive effort on my part in the hint department, this was a Christmas present. It is one of those presents that 
Causes a stir, but a welcome one. I work in a beautiful old building, with circulation that isn t the best, and we have trouble creating even temperatures across rooms. 
Wonderful mixer!. This is an absolutely wonderful mixer. I can even talk on the phone while using it it is so quiet. I bought it after reading the reports on 
Glad I bought it. Obviously a high quality and attractive appliance. The quartz elements seem to heat almost instantly and evenly. The digital controls are very easy to use, with 
Simply amazing. I was actually fortunate enough to find this very product at a Goodwill store; the mugs have a surprising weight to them, and the glass is quite thick 
Classic beauty. These dishes are practical for everyday use but beautiful enough to use for elegant parties. The accessory pieces are equally lovely and nicely sized. The soup tureen is 
Monte Carlo Bar Stools. I am so pleased with this purchase. They are a great asset to my room decor and they handle very well grandkids . I highly recommend 
Best Bang for your Buck. I was looking for something to keep my mid-sized apartment cleaned, as I am a pretty big neat-freak. This was the perfect buy. The automatic 
Works like a charm. A very sturdy rust proof tea kettle and will go with the decore of any kitchen  
The devil is in the details. I acquired three of these units between 1999 and 2001 from my American Express Rewards program. My significant other read all of the ozone 
Tiny dehumidifier but packs a punch!!!. When I first saw this dehumidifier I couldn t stop laughing. This little bitty thing was supposed to tackle my moisture overload in a 
Best of Breed!. My fiancee s parents fell in love with frozen banana & pineapple smoothies that they had in Hawaii, and noted that the Champion juicer was all that 
Good Soft Pillow Cases. These are very good pillow cases -- flannel type feel, not Egyptian Cotton, but I like flannel. Since I got these for free with the sheets 
citri star. This is a fine juicer. It works well and is easy to use and clean. I can also convey confidence in the manufacturer. The unit I received it 
Best Wok I Ever Used. My husband and I are thrilled with this wok!!We seasoned it according to the simple enclosed directions and use it every3-4 days now.It is heavy 
Good replacement but semi-permanent only. I have 2 Honeywell 50100 air purifiers and bought 2 of these as replacement HEPA filter for the originals. The HRF-11 is the new permanent 
Good. I like these knives. Very sharp and a value for the money. Long term who knows... I ve had mine a little over a year and completely satisfied  
embroidered king sheet set. These are great sheets for the price I paid beleive it was 9.99 for the set can t find this quality or price anyplace else but 
easy to use. love the magnet on the back so that the sharpner stays in sight on the frig door  
Very satisfied. Plus all the benefits of an elegant and functional design, the glasses do SING  
strong and attractive. This blender is outstanding -- powerful and pretty. Should have been - however -- dishwasher safe  
DOES WHAT IT IS SUPPOSED TO DO!. I love this item. Perfect for storing Pet Food. Special Screw type tops that seals food. Bugs, Mice Cannot get in. Easy to 
Best small knife you can have. This is my favorite small knife. It is excellent for peeling round fruits, I can peel an apple with this faster than with a 
2-inch Visco Elastic Memory Foam Mattress Topper. When this first arrived and I opened it, one of the ends was stone hard and all wrinkled. We could not bend it 
great. I ve had this for one month, so far very reliable. easy to use and clean  
Excellent Ice Bucket. This ice bucket is outstanding in quality. It looks much nicer than I saw online and is of high quality. Slightly smaller than I thought but I 
Great Thermometer. I have owned a Taylor Roast thermometer for 10 years and consider it an essential tool for the satisfactory cooking of roasts, hams, poultry, etc. I started worrying 
it does indeed allow me to keep track of the dogs on night hikes... the clip-on feature is really convenient, but frankly the strobe-effect is rather annoying. & yet I 
So far, so good. It seems pretty hard to beat this appliance for simplicity- no bells, no whistles, no timer or darkness-setting control whatsoever- but it renders perfectly acceptable waffles 
WusthoffStill The Best. I purchased the Wusthof Classic 8 Inch cooks knife based on the manufactuers reputation for the highest quality products. This knife did not disappoint! First of all 
great vac for small places. best for wood hard surfaces. i was looking around for a canister vac to clean up wood and tile - the power and suction is 
Fiesta Wow!. This is a very versatile piece. It really brightens up the table. A must for fiesta Post86 collections. I have extras that I use as chargers underneath other 
Sure, its not perfect, but it works for me. I had a hard time finding a body pillow cover, yet alone one in a color that wasn t lime green 
Too expensive here...go elsewhere!. Great designs, but I recently purchased the exact same thing for 7.99 at a local hobby store...and this was NOT a sale item. So if you 
A QUALITY PRODUCT AT A LOW PRICE. I love using this pan for light sautees. It s sturdy & durable, yet light enough to feel like an extension of your 
Excellent service!. I recieved this item in no time... it was packed very well and was exactly what I wanted! Thank  
Furi Knife. I bought this knife as a gift for my husband. He absolutley LOVES it. Fits nice in your hands, makes dicing easier. Well worth the money. Wish I 
True: This vacuum SUCKS and it s worth the price. My mom forced me to buy this vacuum cleaner two weeks ago. Well, I just LOVE it I named it 
Mr. Coffee Steam Espresso and Cappuccino Maker - ECM150. It could of had clearer instructions with it.  
Owned one for years. I love my water filter. I live in Los Angeles, needless to say the city water here really needs some extra filtration. I think that this 
Ruff-Rider Dog Seat Belt. The product worked as claimed, but we had to return for a replacement because of a manfacturing defect. The return process was excellent and painless. Would 
Food scale. This scale is quite accurate and easy to read. The only problem may be that it can be a little touchy when trying to adjust the needle in 
Wicked nice. This is a hefty, well balanced cleaver that tackles any job with aplomb, then cleans up in the dishwasher and stays sharp almost forever. It will not fit 
Smells awesome, works well. I used this on my German Shepherd dog and it works very well. My only gripe with the product is is consistancy. It s not what 
Nice looking Coffee Pot. I really like this coffee pot. I used it for the first time at a baby shower and had to overflows. Just remember to get the 
Works Great. After several weeks of use I have no complaints. In fact, I plan to purchase another unit for my basement. It probably won t heat the whole basement, 
Good quality & safety features. I really like this product, especially for the affordable price. Here are the positives & negatives I ve experienced ...Pros:1. Boils water FAST and it 
It s a Sturdy, Reliable Machine. Granted, I have only had this coffee maker for a whopping three months, but so far, so good.Positive things: it really does brew a 
The toy for aggressive chewers... My pit can entertain himself for hours with a chew toy but few toys survive more than a week. Ordered one of the ultra toys 
Buy this coffeemaker!. ...but invest in a soft spongy brush for the carafe and a smaller skinny brush for the tube inside. The Santos makes the best cup of joe 
Awesome!. This cedar plank is wonderful! It is not like the one-use bbq planks. This one goes in your oven and can be used over and over. The wonderful smoky 
Very GOOD; but NOT GREAT!. O.K. .... many say I am a perfectionist. Others say I am naive. I believed the reviews that I read that said this toaster made 
Perfect. I ordered these sheets for my daughter s dorm room. They are soft, have great style and fit the dorm mattress great  
A classic beauty. I m glad that Hamilton Beach revived this classic. All other models I found including HB s less expensive take on their classic jadite green drink mixer 
Very capable thermostat. I haven t completely gone through the manual yet, but the item installed the first try quite easily, despite my setup being one of the more unusual 
It works. After purchasing several Black and Decker electric units and having trouble with them working on a regular basis, I returned to the past and ordered one I remembered 
nice quality timeless silverware. I bought this because I just moved into a house and didn t have any silverware. I had already bought dinnerware for 12 so this was 
Very nice. Like it. Light weight enough for my husband and heavy enough for me. We purchased to use as a blanket but could be used as a comforte  
Just what I wanted for the job. This product perfectly met my need for a means of applying chunky sea salt - my preferred food seasoning - to meats and 
nice. I was pleasantly surprised by the softness and quality of these sheets. I recommend them  
Simply the best kitchen knife I have ever owned. We have Sabatier and Wusthof sets but this is the first knife that every one of the family goes for first.Perfect 
We like better than Drinkwell. We had a Drinkwell fountain for more than two years and after the recent birth of our first child and a cross-country move, found that 
Wonderful. There is nothing bad to say about this wonderful cutting board. It s big enough for almost every kind of cutting I do in my kitchen.  
Functional & lovely to look at. Who would guess that a dishrack could be attractive?! Well, this one is. And lovely is as lovely does -- it holds a tremendous 
Gorgeous. I happen to think that these saucers are the prettiest out of the entire line~ I originally got a couple as a gift and loved them so much decided 
A bit pricey - but worth it. I thought what every one else thinks when the see the price of this thing-- WOW! But I can honestly say it pays 
Much More than a Casserole. I first started seeing this pan on Giada De Laurentis cooking show Everyday Italian when I began collecting Le Creuset. I didn t know it 
Love it!!!. I bought this to add some fun to our weekend breakfasts. It has been a big hit with the kids! They love the sticks, I love how easy 
Works great at the office. I bought 2 for under the desks in the front office, seems to be quite drafty there, the little heaters are perfect for that area 
I have always wanted one of these !!. And when it came up on my Gold Box offers, I couldn t resist ! And it is great !! Heavy duty 
Oxo Good Grips Tea Kettle. It s excellent, and much lighter than other models. It works just as well, but there s no strain lifting the full kettle  
Just Excellent. Well its working really good, I think for compact refrigerator this is the best choice  
Worth every penny!. So I did much research before purchasing this product. I read tons of reviews, went to the store to look at it up close and personal. I 
Fagor Splendid is splendid. Love this pressure cooker. It is easy to use and a joy to cook with. I only wish it had come with a steamer, but that 
The toast of the town. My husband has wanted this toaster forever and so I finally got it for him this Christmas. It was worth the money, besides making great 
Needs a tray that drains. This dish rack looks awesome in the kitchen, but isn t big enough to hold a lot of dishes. The lay out is such that 
Awesome Coat Rack - not too big or too small. GREAT COAT RACK, hard to find item and what a great price. VERY GOOD.  
Outstanding for Kids Closet. I bought these for the laundry of my two toddlers to replace the mesh foldable bags which had ripped over time and use. The metal hanger 
Nice set of cutters, good price. If you use these sorts of things a bit, worth buying a set...lots of different sizes. Solidly built, hold up tp professional use  
Nice pillow. Just like it s rated this pillow is worth the cost. It does take a few days to get use to but when you do it s great 
Bring Coffee House Coffee Home. For a little information about me, I m not a connoisseur of coffee. I like sweet coffee s Carmel lattes and never drink my coffee 
stove stays cleaner. I like cooking bacon in this because my stove stays a lot cleaner than using my regular depth Lodge skillets  
Why isn t this product better known?. This must rank as one of the greatest kitchen appliances ever invented. The idea is so simple, it s a wonder it s 
Gaggia Classic Brushed Stainless is worth every penny!. I just bought a Gaggia Classic after extensively reading online about which machines were the best pick thanks to N. Caine for 
Little heater. The heater is much smaller than what I expected, but it really heat the room efficiently. And it has a good price which is easy to see. However, 
Well worth it, but make note of the size discrepancy. This was money well spent. I added the queen topper to my mid-grade full size mattress and it fit almost 
Warm and cozy. These are excellent sheets. The fitted has elastic all around so it stays put. They have been a favorite for the winter and my daughter keeps stealing 
It works. It works. My cats sprayed my son s car seat and I used this product on it. The smell is completely gone  
We fell in love with the pepper pot. At first, when I bought this, I thought it wasn t going to be useful as our favorite red Creuset dutch oven. 
Great visibility. These blinkers really help spot the dog at night. I think it would be a great product for my dog, if I could get it away from the 
Good Air Mattress. I ve been sleeping on this air mattress every night since it arrived. I put it down on the floor and bought a pillow and a sleeping 
amazed!. I ve had this thing for a day and I am amazed. Like the other person who was excited about writing a review, I feel as if I can 
Tervis Tumblers. They also have mugs, small glasses, medium, and large jumbo glasses for iced tea, etc. These are my absolute favorite glasses and cups. They keep stuff hot and 
Very Pleased. I was so pleased with the description of this product that I ordered two. Today I have placed my order for the third. The finish is beautiful, and 
Great artwork for a crowded apartment. When I moved out of my parents spacious Elmhurst basement into a cramped Astoria studio, the number one problem I encountered was that I 
My cat loves this thing. My cat has a ton of toys and ignores more of them. The Cat Dancer, he loves. As soon as I took it out of 
The Best Paring Knife. I would share the accolades of other reviewers for Shun knives as not only being super sharp but also that they are tools of extreme beauty. 
Confusing little gadget. My Schnauzer Mix limits her play time with this ball. Why? Because it confuses her. So far, she can t figure out how to get it apart, 
UB3R Leash with Bling for your pooch!. I purchased a dozen of these after I recieved my first two! These are the most beautifully crafted leashes in the world! They 
Best Product I ve bought in years!. I admit that I do spend a lot of money on pet products, often with no response from my pets. I thought that 
Great accessory piece. This goes great with the mission end tables and console table that I have. Very contemporary looking and easy to assemble  
Beautiful Little Spoons. These Mikasa spoons go perfectly with your demitasse or espresso cups. Very delicate with nice finish. We enjoy them every time we use them  
I use it less than I thought. It s good. It works. A little tight. Nothing wrong with the product. I just don t seem to find much use for 
Works great!. This is the second frother I ve bought and it really has some power to it.Nice and compact. Gives a great quick froth, esp. for the price. Also 
Just the best. I cannot remember the last time I bought any pillows at any price that I was happy with after the third night! My husband calls me the 
I love this pattern. This was my second choice for a Pfaltzgraff pattern and I m glad this is the one I got!!! The Napoli dinner plates were too large 
Our favourite cheese knife. The idea of a cheese knife with holes in the blade is to reduce the friction as one slices cheese, thus ensuring consistant slices, without the 
really nice console table, unbelievable for the price. Very nice wood, well constructed, easy to assemble you just put the legs on ...I don t think I ve EVER bought 
Absolute luxury. I was thrilled when I received these towels and found them to be significantly larger than the usual bath sheet size. They have a wonderful thick nap and 
Saved my marriage and my new couch. These things are a life saver. My cats never touched my old wore out couch but as soon as I went out and 
great pan. This was my first calaphalon purchase and I am so impressed that I plan on using nothing but calaphalon in the future. This pan is shallow and bigger 
Cake heating core. This core is remarkable. It is so easy to use, just fill it with cake batter and insert it in the cake pan. Pour the remaining batter 
My dog loved it, then broke through it!!. This is my second Crate from Amazon. I have a GermanShepherd dog and the Large is perfect for her. I love the 
the best machine money can buy. It does all it promises plus more. Its easy to use and produces great ice cream, in fact, ice cream better than you could 
I can t believe it is true, but it is. This mop is amazing. No stinky chemicals and I have REALLY REALLY clean floors. My husband read a bunch of 
a great wok. i like this wok very much.it is elaborate and works well. i always use it when i cook hot pot. the only trouble thing is that washing 
Product s Name that really describes what the product really does!. Your Product s Name that really describes what the product really does! It is amazing that the Hair magnet 
Henckels deluxe 13 Slot in Drawer Knife Tray. I love the knife tray. It holds all of the Henkels I have plus. It fit perfect in my counter drawer leaving 
Superior quality towels.... High quality, soft and absorbent. Large, all cotton bath sheets areexactly as described, and really hold up in laundering and usage.Great items  
Just Misses Perfection. This is really a wonderful item. The grill heats evenly and to a very hot temperature so that food cooks quickly.The pans are truly non-stick and the 
GREAT little shaker. Here s the only draw back - if you use it all the time - which I do have. After awhile the salt and pepper shakers discolor. 
Love it!. I have had this dinnerware for almost 4 years and have only broke one plate. It washes beautiful in the dishwasher and it still looks shiny and new. 
GREAT wine tower!. I just received this wine tower the other day. It looks as wonderful in my home as it does in the picture. It s perfect for our 
cosco 87.99 same appliance w book and extra blade. this is my first juicer. I love it. Messy, a little, but I can t pour a glass of milk without 
Electric Wok. Since I no longer have a gas stove, I purchased the Rival electric wok. The temperature is consistent, the bowl of the wok is large so plenty of 
Wonderful product. I have a lack of closet space and don t like messing with hangers, so I ve been wanting to get a coat rack. This one was perfect: 
Beautiful China. My wife wanted two sets to match our new family room decor. Well, they turned out to be so beautiful that we have replaced our good formal china 
Lodge 16 Dutch Oven is top of the line. As an avid Dutch oven cook I own 12 Lodge Dutch ovens. I own 2 16 ovens and use them regularly. 
Functional and Nice Looking. You can t go wrong with Le Creuset bakeware, and there s so many uses for these colorful little gems. I use them to hold a 
Excellent Buy. I bought two sets of these sheets! We are very happy with the quality and price  
great products. used vet s RX to treat my dog s ear and it didnt seem to work. After reading reviews I decided to try this . After only 1 
Best Espresso Machine For The Money. I researched all of the top espresso machines, including Rancilio, Gaggia, Nespresso, Expobar, and Jura Capresso. Most machines I eliminated because they had copper 
Still in training... I bought the cat seat for my two kittens 8 months old . So far things are progressing nicely, and they took to it immediately. I am 
Great Utility Wood Cutting Board for all your Chopping Needs. This is a wonderful utility wood cutting board.When shopping for a cutting board, there are several factors you want to 
the airl cleaner has really helped. this is a great product if you have allergies or sinus problems, this will make a difference i breath normally at night and it 
The most important tool in my kitchen. This knife is a superstar! I cannot express how much more enjoyable food preperation has become since I purchased it. After two years 
can t do much better for the price. The design is nice and overall I found it easy to put together. I can t say that it will last more 
Really Good Waffles. Works really well, do have to spray cooking spray or waffles get too dry  
Nice Knives for the price. So far these knives have been great, stylish, sharp with a good solid feeling and no discoloration or staining when they were accidentaly put through 
Unmatched on the current market. Firstly, smallappliances.com provides a much better price on this product than amazon.Secondly, I write this review based on a 2-week holiday experience in which I 
revere. Pans arrived in excellent condition and in a very timely manner. I am extremely satisfied with my purchase and delivery experience  
Best Knives Ever. I purchased these knives after seeing them used on TV.It is sometimes difficult to tell what products endorsed by celebrities actually work, but let me tell you 
Great cup. This is a very good coffee mug albeit pricey.The handle is just right and it does keep hot drinks warmer and cold drinks cooler  
Nifty Little Kitchen Item...But...2nd Disc Is Optional Accessory From Hamilton Beach Only. This review refers to the Hamilton Beach Change -A Bowl Slicer shredder model 70800This is a great little 
Fantastic Food Dehydrator Made by Ronco. My son had to have this food dehyrdrator for making beef jerkey. He is extremely happy with the Ronco Food Dehydrator. He has been 
Excellent buy - great pan. I ve read a number of complaints about food sticking and difficulty with cleaning. We ve experienced neither of these - make sure the heat 
What to do when the snow s too deep to chase grasshoppers. Our cat is stuck inside most of the winter since she dislikes snow. Ruby gets grouchy and gains 
Best value on the market. OK - the negative reviews on this are pretty out there; they are either complaining about non-existant issues um, 1 star from someone who didn 
Garlic 101. I grow and eat lots of organic garlic ... Every summer you can see the huge purple orbs of garlic blooms right in my front courtyard garden, alongside 
Excellent Product. Well.. I did not have space for my receiver and my DVD recorder. I did not want to put them inside the entertaiment center so this shelf is 
Pretty Good. It DOES come loose sometimes but I have a white cat that loves water and this is the only collar that comes in white colored collars bleed onto 
Elegant and functional. In a small household, this has turned out to be the most-used pan. It is not only everything that everyone knows about All-Clad in terms of high 
The slicer of choice. This superb slicer has a couple of engineering differences from the run-of-the-mill wire slicer. Both make for durability and consistency:1. The adjustment is done by moving 
These are the favorite toys of my cats. My three Turkish Angoras love to play with their mice. We must have 200 of these little furry mice in the house 
Not too hard. For a puzzle toy, my puppy figured this one out pretty quick. He immediately shoved his whole head in the box. The difficult part was figuring out 
capresso-jura coffee machine. I got the Impressa F7 for mother s day and it has changed my life around! The coffee is predictably par excellence and both my husband and 
Best little spatula ever!. I just ordered another one of these little spatulas. Found that having one was just not enough sometimes. I love them -- they are very comfortable 
2nd Edition is Great. I ve used the Itty Bitty Booklight for years. The 2nd edition is a welcome improvement. It s much easier to turn on off, and the 
Okay, now I m a believer!. There is an ongoing and eternal debate among dutch oven users as to what is the best brand available. For years I have held 
Bye - bye litter pan... It did not take long for my cat to learn how to use the toilet. Some people say animals are often like their owners. Happy 
EXCELLENT SERVICE. REALLY CUTE LOOFA PET. MY DOG LOVES IT! DELIVERY WAS REALLY FAST. EVERYTHING WAS GREAT. THANK YO  
A BARGAIN...EXCELLENT QUALITY. I guess the person who gave it 2 stars didn t read the product description so he decided to give the item a bad rap. I bought 
Sharpest knife in my collection. I bought this knife for my husband as an anniversary gift, and it is his new favorite knife. This knife is not only so sharp 
CUTTING BOARDS ARE SUPPOSED TO SCRATCH. that s it. if a cutting board is not showing marks from your knives, then it is DULLING YOUR KNIVES. So scratch away  
Must have for MacBooks!. This laptop desk is small, slim, light, comfortable in my lap and blocks virtually all the heat coming from my new MacBook. It even keeps the 
very nice coffee maker. This is my 3rd carafe coffee maker, 1st was a Krups also, that I loved. 2nd was a Cusinart, that was all right. This one is 
We like it!!!!. Despite reading all the negative reviews about this product, I registered for it anyway and I am so happy that I did! This is one of the 
I love this set!. This is the most beautiful pots and pans I have ever used. They are wonderful to cook with also. They are nice and heavy the handles 
Great item. My fish love to ride the bubbles to the top of the tank. Nice quality, great item. You fish will LOVE it  
Great buy!!. These pillows are a great buy. I bought six of them for my king bed because I like a lot of pillows. They are very comfortable  
Great Addition to the Bathroom. This shelf unit has enough room for plenty of towels and some decorative acessories. Putting it together was easy although my only complaint is that 
8 chef works well. This is pretty much the same review I wrote for the 8 chef. I liked that knife well enough that I m considering buying the block 
Successful Wine Preserver. The Metrokane V1 successfully creates a vacuum to preserve an unfinished bottle of wine. However, it is moderately difficult to open the decanter after releasing the pressure, 
Perfect. This was a perfect replacement for the 10 glass lid I accidentally broke. And the seller shipped it via DHL, instead of UPS, so it was delivered to my 
Good Product, Fast Service. We are content with the thick quality of this tablecloth. It is nicely designed, and we received it quickly.Highly recommended  
clean, versatile. I like the fact that I can clean these every time I use them. Potholders arent that easy to keep clean and these are dishwasher safe. Also, the 
Love that Thumper. This will be the third Thumper I ve bought. Lost the first one on a trip, second is still going strong after 5 or 6 years and 
It s KitchenAid, it s red, what could be better!?!. I replaced a seven year old version of this mixer with this one and I couldn t be happier. The 
Great wafflemaker!. We love this waffle-stick maker! I like how you can either keep it as a few bigger waffles, or break them apart into strips. The non-stick surface allows 
Great but newer model available. I m new at air purifiers. Bought an Orek and returned it 3 days later after also buying this model for 100 at Target. It 
High Dollar-High Value. Expensive, but worth it. I have tried for years to keep all our kitchen knives sharp, but with very poor results. Any number of 10- 20 knife 
Excellent - makes restuarant quality rice!!. Just tried it out with some basic jasmine rice from the local supermarket. It is rice we have prepared numerous times in another cheaper 
Great Sheets. Great sheets, soft and beautiful color. Get them before they are all gone  
Revere Ware rules!. I ordered this set to complement a few pieces of Revere Ware that I have had for years. Though it s true that these pans are made 
So Pleased with Ionic Breeze Quadra. I bought 3 IONIC Breeze Quadras for my home. At first, I was skeptical as I did not see much on the filter, since 
Great Find. Having become enamored of these fine--elegant but durable--glasses at the bar at Sea Ranch, CA, I am delighted to find I can buy a set of my own 
Crock Pot Critter. The item is all that you advertised it was. Being a widower, I spent a lot of time in local eating establishments. Since I received this pot 
Great Value for the Price. Nice looking; works and feels like it is not cheap; operation is easy and properly engineered. A press button raises the lid, fit the basket 
Works well, excellent design. Someone deserves an award for the design of this deep fryer. It comes completely apart for easy cleaning and can be reassembled in less than two 
La Vie En Rose. This is an artifact of civilization that makes one feel good about herself. Implicit is an air of gentility, civility, decency. With this tray we take 
Does exactly what I wanted. This is a pretty straight forward product, it holds dishes.I have storage accessability issues with my serving items and this product helps solve that problem 
These things are great!. It is the perfect size for a bowl to eat out of, it has a lid so it is good for leftovers or taking to work, 
John Boos Block cutting board. As the owner of other John Boos wood items, this smaller butcher block cutting board is up to the usual high standard of this company. 
Happy Consumer. This is a great smoke and CO alarm. It seems to be very sensitive to smoke...particularly when I burn toast. However, it has a convenient silencer button. I 
my happy little friend. I have allergies, I have wrist problems, I have a small apartment with hardwood floors and area rugs. I like to vacuum and often. This little 
Not bad - great value. Like others, out first attempt resulted in a desk broken out of the box. Target took it back with no questions asked. The second went 
Here s an alternative... I hung 2 big jingle bells on a sturdy ribbon by the door & it accomplishes the same thing with no batteries to worry about! Consistantly 
Just what I needed. It was the perfect price and the perfect tool to have around  
I love the chop plates best!. I have about 20 chop plates. I have most of the colors. I use them for barbeque dinners and for Italian meals. They will 
OWN TWO ---- WANT MORE. These filters have kept my tanks vvery clean. Mine are quiet, pump a lot of water, but as a hint, I over filter every tank 
Lovely!. I bought this to give as a gift, but I had to admire it for a few days prior to wrapping. I just love Fiesta. All the colors and 
works very well. Steam is the only way to go. A modern version of the old clear glass units that many older over 35 folks might remember from thier childhoods.It 
fast delivery. very quick delivery. item was what was promised. it was a gift and she loved it  
6 Joyce Chen Bamboo Steamer. This is the third steamer I have purchased. One for each of my daughters, and one for me to use on our boat, as I 
easy to use. I got the NordicWare because it was recommended by the people at Cook s Illustrated. It s very easy to use and does a nice job--pops with 
Pressure canner. I have been very happy with this purchase. It is of good quality, easy to use and would recommend it to anyone getting into canning  
Excellent!. Gave this as a gift to a J.A. Henkels collector. She said this paring knife completes her collection.  
Pricey but worth it!. This lid makes my 12 inch fry pan much more useable. It is of the same high quality as my cookware set which I absolutely love. 
Exactly What I Wanted. Soak Then Wash. Highly recommended. Cooks very well. I have not cooked brown rice yet. White rice comes out great. I add slightly more water than 
Arrived broken, but works well after I fixed it. Blows very warm air far out into the room much better than the other 7 or 8 portable heaters I ve 
Great set for the price. We found this set at Target on clearence for 39 a few weeks back. There was also a 3 piece Santuko set for 12 on 
Four Stars for the Four Star Line. Like the knives. Good construction, appearance, balance, and works well.The finish isn t quite up to that of the Wusthof.  
Great blade grinder. This is a great grinder! I paid a 1 3 less than this at Target, so for what I paid, it was an excellent value. I use 
GREAT BUY GREAT PRICE. The picture in the Ad doesn t do these Pots and Pans justice. They are very very shining and heat evenly and fast  
Laser pointer does the job at a low price. After a few weeks of use, I like this laser pointer as an inexpensive alternative. It emits a bright read pointer 
Works as advertised. Believe it--this product actually works. It s hard to imagine milk frothing fro a 20 hand-held device, but that s exactly what it does. Play with it 
Beautiful Dinnerware. We love these plates. They are really gorgeous. However, we feel the quality should be better for the price. As with other items in this collection, the bottom 
Nostalgic!. I LOVE the Swingaway can opener! Not only is it the BEST can opener I have ever had; but it is just like the one I remember from childhood 
For those non-25 lb. turkey roasting jobs..... I have both this and its big brother that came with the Calphalon Contemporary roaster.This rack gets the most work since I rarely 
Great Idea!. The CatGenie is an ingenious invention. It is easy to hook up and maintain. Our 15 year-old cat has no problem using it, and since we previously owned 
Urban Red -Love It!!. We have alot of dinner guests and everyone has commented how modern and fresh looking our new corelle is - we love it!!  
Nice Little Table, Good Value. I recently purchased the Island Collection Plant Stand to go with my Island Collection Bench with 2 Drawers, which I have also reviewed. I wanted 
6.25 ounce bowl. Great size for a small to moderate serving; Fiestaware has been a good find and value for our family 2 generations as all the place setting colors 
Better than most. I ve been using a round-bottom wok for 15 years, and with my new stove, found out I had to use a flat-bottomed wok. I was skeptical 
wine caddy. I really like the wine caddy. Even more beautiful in real life than pictured  
what cha talkin about willis?. not sure what is up with tom, but am diggin the pizzagrill. i did a lot research before buying this and have had pizza stones 
This is the one!!!. The 5-star reviews are no joke. I just got mine yesterday. Talk about quality! If it were designed any better, it would have a BMW logo 
Nice. I bought this for a curtain for the bathroom window which is in the shower area. I love it. I cut it off to fit the window. Just the 
Very nice. This knife is quite a bit lighter than you would expect anything with the word heavyweight in its name to be, but it s plenty strong, quite sizable 
Henkel Known As The Best. I love the Henkel Fork that I purchased as a gift for my husband. It has always been and will always be a superb product.The 
Count Me a Believer. Don t know the exact reason why, but these are the best I ve tried--far better than brandy snifters--for tasting the full complexity of a good 
definitely worth it. I have a litter locker for both of my litterboxes 1 on each floor and am glad I do. Does a fantastic job of locking away the 
40 years and still cooking. Before Revereware came in sets, you could only buy it open stock in better department stores. When I was 19, my Dad bought 5 sauce 
Floating on a cloud!. How to make your worn-out queen sleeper mattress feel like new  
Great... Pots and pans is more of a personal choice... but I found these work great. I have used them for a few months now and they still look brand 
Nice kitchen scale, no batteries. Looks great on the counter, well built and very accurate. I would have given 5 stars but its just a tad harder to read than 
not enough......... Its a great product! good quality. Not enough velco sp for the bumpers , my bulldog takes them right off  
Great tool. We had two cheap department store pepper mills that were driving me crazy. I love to cook and if you re making a large pot of anything or 
Perfect. I am using my new roaster for the hot stone treatments that I do on my clients. It s the perfect size for my in home business. Don t 
Quality shows everytime. This is no exception. I have been searching for a truly good thermometer for some time. Thank heavens I finally found one. Great instrument and priced just 
Deep Fryer. Great fryer - works well and all the parts clean easily in the dishwasher  
Nice looking and useful stew pot. I just received my tomato pot. The color is not as bright red as the picture shown on the web site. I m slightly 
Great toaster. I like this toaster a lot. It has a substantial feel to it. It stays put when you push the lever down, and the bread toasts relatively evenly. 
happy nappy. This mattress topper changed my day bed from a lumpy place that I could never get comfortable on to my favorite place to take a great happy nappy!! 
Majestic Hunter fantabulous!!. Hunter fan arrived in 2 days from Amazon.com and immediately I noticed the weight of the fan...heavy, just the way I like it. Unpacked this beauty and 
I m very pleased with my purchase. Gardenia smells great and is exceptionally healthy!. I received great customer service and a beautiful plant here.I would recommend this Gardenia to anyone 
Rival Electric Ice Cream Maker. Used over the holidays and had no problem making the ice cream. One of the recipes included was very good  
Fantastic Reading Light. I love this light! I spend hours reading in bed each week and this light is just perfect since it shines a perfect amount of light over 
A very good deal. I was able to assemble the chair in 20 mins after opening the box. It is quite comfortable and fits in to my small PC desk 
Dirt Devil vacuum cleaner. This small powerful vacuum is perfect for car interiors. It sucks powerfully and has a clever, easy to use flip out nozzle for small crevices, as 
The Bakeware Your Grandmother Used. In my twenties I bought no less than three non-stick cookie sheets while my Grandmother an avid baker was still using her aluminum bakeware from 
I can t believe I ve waited this long. After all the fancy All-Clad pots I own, this one is becoming my new favorite. For some things like searing meat, 
Best toy ever!. Our dog loves this toy! She s a big fan of plush toys that squeak her other favorites are her Loofa dogs, which we ve put in 
I can t believe I m raving about a trash can!!!. I first fell in love with this at a friend s house. I couldn t believe how easily it 
Great product!. I ve had this filter for almost a month now. It was easy to install, primed on its own, and has my tank the cleanest I ve ever 
It did not pass the audition. Original review: I just brought this home today and have made the first pot o joe with it. Prior to this, I ve been 
Improved Double Boiler Insert. Because I acquired much of my Calphalon cookware collection more than five years ago, I have pasta, steamer, and double boiler inserts that were made from 
Excellent alternative to chemical laden litters. We got tired of the smell and toxic properties of the other cat litters. It clumps, my cat had no problem adjusting to it 
Great Fan Great Price. The Soleus Air Fan is just what I was looking for in a fan for my bedroom.Powerful yet quiet I especially like the timer so the 
Great Looking High Functioning. This is another great looking and high functioning product from Capresso. The polished chrome looks great with my Capresso coffee maker and Capresso coffee bean grinder. 
Smell Killer K40005 Air Cleanser. The smell killer is the best air cleaner that I have ever used. I use one around the kitty litter box and it eliminates the 
pizzelles. I was looking for a pizzelle maker and after extensive research, this was the best option, including the price. These cookies are wonderful and the Krumkake maker works great. 
Perfect for under the desk. I bought this because my office building is over air-conditioned and I usually have to thaw out by lunch! This is an absolute perfect heater 
Excellent dishware. You just can t go wrong with Fiestaware. It s sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily from table to dishwasher to cabinet . And if my rough-on-dishes family 
ISI WHIP CREAM MAKER. We have had one of the ISI Whip Cream Makers also for 20 years and there is nothing else like it. We have given them away 
outstanding machinery. This little machine rocks! Sure it makes great Panini, but it also grills steaks with perfect crosshatch marks , grills fish, grills chicken, grills vegetables! I use it 
I ve tried others. My first time I used tongs was in a restaurant.I found out just how much help tongs were in the kitchen.Now I have my own kitchen 
Parrothead Pottery. This was an EXCELLENT addition to my friend s parrothead kitchen. The colors are bright and add a touch of PARTY to the room  
Necso American Harvest Add-A-Tray works Great. The Add-a-tray for food dehydrator model FD-50 looks and performs exactly as the original. The extra trays make drying larger quantities of food faster 
The heat is off!. I use my laptop almost daily and needed a way to keep it off of my lap. As many people don t know, a laptop is 
A powerful little cleaner, however so very light., It picks up!!. I got this little cleaner for my step-dad who has heart problems and cannot lift over 15 pounds. This 
Consumer Satisfaction Once Again!!. I didn t realize that melmac was still being made, however, was pleased to learn of it as I needed to purchase some bowls for shipment 
Nicely Made. Nicely made and well worth the money. Only thing I did not like was the water resevoir opening is so shallow if you put in the water too 
HotSpot Silicone Pot Holder. This is a terrific multi-function pot holder. Not only does it wrap around hot pot handles, it can also be used as a trivet, a jar 
It actually does what it says it will!. I bought this for my 10 year old daughter. It is perfectly safe for her to use on her own. You need 
Good pot, good price. This is nice looking pot and works just like I expected. It looks and feels like it is better made than any I ve owned previously. 
Got rid of all the miscellaneous flatware. I have owned this flatware set for more than a year and use it everyday. It has a classy design and the size 
What s not to like?. It s a rug pad. It was exactly as described and functions precisely as it should. It was packed and shipped efficiently and appeared to 
Great dispenser!. This is a very good quality chrome tissue dispenser that will look great anywhere.It is, nowadays, hard to find a dispenser for FLAT tissues boxes. The square dispensers 
The price is right. Nothing disappointing here. This is a good value for the price  
Big Enough... This is a throw blanket big enough to cover your toes and your ears. Warm, light. Bought it as an exchange gift for Christmas and it was stolen 
My dog loves this toy and he hasn t destoyed it yet!. This is the perfect dog toy. I have a Chocolate lab that loves to play frisbee, but he 
Suprised by the negative feedback! My experience has been great!. I ve used the Wamsutta Extra Deep Sateen sheets for years now because they are really the only sateen sheets 
easy jerky. This my husband s favorite flavor and it s easy to make! I don t bother with anything else  
Allergy suffers rejoice!. I suffer from chronic pet allergies. Unfortunatly my fiance has a long hair cat and when I moved in I had to resort to taking prescription allergy 
My cat is happy. My cat is happy, the feeder works, and it isn t too hard to program. The programming was the part that I was the most concerned 
7-Cup Food Processor. Very pleased with item. Powerful and quiet. Like the 3-cup mini bowl  
Very nice!. As long as you have the proper lighting, these bulbs will flourish. Mine have grown beautifully and they were all different kinds - some purple, some green, with 
Wonderful Towels. These are my favorite towels. I pass up any other towels in my linen closet to use these. They re thick and soft and wonderful  
Just what I was looking for. This looks like it s going to be a much used and loved item for making salads and cooking with herbs. I find the 
Perfect for entertaining!. I have recently purchased three different styles of demitasse spoons to use for a party. The dessert was served in shot glasses - and this was the 
Great value for the price!. A nifty little electric skillet that fries, braises and bakes! I bought mine for fish fries but use it for much more, especially during the 
Fantastic. I exchanged a Hoover WindTunnel II for this and am EXTREMELY impressed with the design, suction, noise levels, and ease of use. I am only a new user and 
cute kitchen accessory. Very Cute piece. Did not think it was small since the measurements were included in the description, it was easy to see that it was a perfect 
Brave Little Microwave... I ve had this microwave for three years. I got it at Target for [..] dollars.It can t tell time. It doesn t heat up food very 
it works!. I ve had this for a few days, occasionally using it before shaving and always after, sometimes twice a day, and am thrilled that my legs are actually 
Very comfortable. I love my curiosity Mogu pillow, its very comfortable to sleep with and it is very cute. A must buy for anyone who ever likes Mogu in the 
Nice unit. I looked locally for some natural wood colored end tables with no luck. Theses units looked pretty good on-line and had a reasonable price. I wasn t disappointed. 
WOW!!. These are luxuriant! You cannot go wrong with these; especially at that price! And they are roomy, so your pillow will not slip out  
White shelving!!!!. I love this item!!! I have the white with pastel colors and its perfect in a little girls room. Perfect for legos, blocks, train track, and other items. 
Love the lip ....wish it were taller!. happy review warrior obviously doesn t have children, or he she would appreciate the lip .This lazy susan is very well made, sturdy, 
Pretty good. I have a variety of OXO kitchen items and love them. When I bought my T-Fal cookset, it said to use nylon utensils so the non-stick coating wouldn 
Your cat will love this. This is a wonderful item that your cat will love. I originally purchased a thermal mat from another website more expensive with a pattern that 
Waffle Crazy. An affordable waffle iron that does 4 at a time-- this is great. Waffles always take a while, so its really good to make a lot at the 
Cute and Functional. I bought these as I was trying to find my pattern on the internet. I love them! They are great in the microwave and they match beautifully. 
Great Gift. Bought these for my Dad as he likes insulated cups that he can take all over the house. Was afraid they might be too fragile but I ve 
Great spatulas. These are wonderful tools that feel great in your hand and wash up without stains.  
Good for Bettas. During the past two years, I have used three of the internal Microfilters in 2 to 2.5 gal tanks with Bettas. In these filters, the aquarium water 
Snap em up before they re gone. Riedel has discontinued these snifters. For Cognac and I suppose that goes for Armagnac and other brandies , Riedel s now suggesting the 
I highly recommend this product, but watch out for shipping!. The couch arrived and was in amazing condition. It took me about an hour to put together the couch horrible 
This Is Great. I love this. It is Great. The best Invention I ever seen. My house is kinda cold so the water kept it to hard. so I am 
fiesta periwinkle 494 7-inch covered butter dish. I received my butter dish in a very timely fashion & very well packaged too. The product is wonderful & it s being 
Get Your Dog s Attention. We find that the audio warn function works well with our dog. We only occasionally need to send a jolt when warning fails.The only annoyance 
Electric Fondue Pot. This item was a gift for someone else. She is pleased with it and it worked great  
Pfaltzgraff Winner. Beutiful everyday dishes that won t break your bank. One hundred dollars bought service for 16 people. What a great birthday presant  
Bought one of these recently. Awesome device! I bought one last night and cooked soup, then rice for the soup, then a cake. awesome and easy. The cake was just 
Simply the best toaster I ve ever used. I ve had lots of toasters over the years. This one, quite simply, is the best I ve ever used. Bagels, English 
Mikasa Italian Countryside 5-Piece Stainless Steel Flatware Set, Service for 1. Very happy with this beautiful flatware set. I wanted to get this flatware for some time. Purchased at really 
pleasingly graceful. No wonder Fiesta wins so many design awards. This pitcher delighted the receiver and me as well  
Victory. I turned the device onto human sound because on sub-sonic, I didn t get the satisfaction of hearing it trigger when the neighbor s two daschund dogs barked early 
Miracle Blades. I own this knife set. I was learey at first wondering just how sharp these knives would be but after having them I would rate them high and 
My Wife loves it. Great product. No problems so far. Easy to use and makes great iced tea.  
All great but the handle. This pan looks great and performs great. It s less heavy duty than All-Clad, but unless the kitchen is in the middle of a stone 
I love this Wok!!!. I got this Wok for Christmas as a gift. It is perfect. You are able to cook just about anything on this at a high heat 
Tea Rose Tea Kettle. I like the shape, the quality of the product is consistent with what I expect from Pfaltzgraff. It works well and satisfies the need I had 
Great Quality. I bought them because I like them. After a year they are just better and better. House guests who stay in very good hotels think they are great 
Tumblers. These tumblers are great and reasonably priced! I checked for several other insulated tumblers by other makers and found them for 3x the cost of these. I was very 
Great One Cup Mug. My mug came quickly and was everything described. I appreciated free filters so I could start using it right away. I will purchase from this company 
Great product !!. The Step Savor performs excellent. I love it ! I highly recommend it  
Wow- Yes, you should purchase this one!. Wow- This speaker is fantastic!!! It took a little time to get it setup but once we figured it out, it worked like 
Very BIG, but very useful. My only beef with these mugs is that they re so big. I own the smaller Fiestaware mugs too, and I complained about those being 
Excellent. Great Product for the price. Paid 29.99 for a king sized waterproof mattress pad. Hard to find one for that price in the stores with such a high level 
This is great!. I love this product. I don t have to mess with foil on the edges of my pies anymore. I just popped on the pie shield and 
Great Coffee Maker. I m glad we went back to Braun for a coffee maker. Tried a few others but they weren t as good. Braun makes a hot, good 
Cheap Entertainment. My dog loves this little thing and will even whine at the key rack begging to chase the little red dot across the ground. She doesn t care 
Great Product, Great price. I am a chef, and I put this baby through its paces while we were camping a few weeks ago.I raged the grill heat beyond hot, 
Makes Cats Crazy. I thought it would be impossible to make a better cat toy than the Cat Dancer until I bought the Cat Charmer for my girlfriend s cats. 
Petmate Filters. I think these filters are great! I ve had this fountain for almost a year and have never had any problems with it. I bought 4 replacement filters 
Good looking, strong and light. I love these glasses. They re very thin, light weight and strong. What more could you ask? The only thing that surprised me was the 
Beautiful!. The plates are shiny, nice even coloring, good size, chip resistant, and beautiful. I mixed them with red, green and yellow, and even put some bowls out for decoration. 
A perfect fit. This filter works perfectly with our Kenmore and saved me 15 compared to the Sears website  
Please take good care of this knife. I ll try to make this really simple and not waste your time: I will choose Global knives over Henkels, Wustoff, or any 
Fits in a medium grill dome. Was looking for something to fit in my medium kamodoo style bbq grill, this fit perfectly. Have used a dozen times, seems durable. Couldnt 
Indispensable Perfection. This knife will show you how bad your current knife set really is. It is extremely sharp and holds its edge extremely well. The ten-inches give you great 
Panini Press. This press makes delicious grilled sandwiches in minutes and you can fit 4 regular size sandwiches and several mini sandwiches on the grill at the same time! The 
Hand Held Mixer. This item wasd received within days after I ordered it and was received in excellent shape with no damage  
Handy. I haven t used this for herbs but I have used it for onions and garlic and, like the other reviewers, found it very handy for quick and tear-free 
Loved. My Samoyed loves this toy and so far hasn t managed to trash it. Yay! It s sturdy and VERY chewable  
Blue Ridge Comforter Feedback. This was a HUGE deal on a king size down comforter. I have always wanted one but didn t want to spend so much for fear 
working like a charm. I would recommend this product. It has a large area to cook in and it cleans in a jiffy! The lid should be protected at all 
Best coffee maker i have owned. I consider this coffee pot to be near perfect. It has no auto turn on feature, but i never use that anyway. The only 
takes a long time to cook but cooks different varieties of rice perfectly. The heftier inner bowl of this particular model has people hunting all over the place for it 
Envirioncare Pre-Filter. Everything was OK. Shipping was timely even though it was right before the holidays. Relatively easy to install; instructions were included. Had to cut filter to fit the 
Gonna miss sea mist. One of the criteria in this family for what color to stock up on is how it looks under Mexican food. Sea mist and rose are 
Can t Beat The Price. A great pair of very soft, comfortable pillows at a GREAT price. Nice fabric. Even with free, Super Saver shipping, I received mine in just 
How Did I Live Without This?. I ve had my kettle for a couple of months now, and I keep asking myself, how did I live without this?I ve had 
My most used knife. I have several Shun Pro knives, and they are probably my favorites out of my ridiculously large collection of kitchen cutlery. This particular knife is one 
Quick and easy with little care. My favorite part about this appliance is that you have choices. It s a toaster or an egg poacher or hard-boiled egg maker, and 
Very Pleased. I am very pleased with this product. The tumblers keep your beverages colder longer, and they do not sweat and get moisture on the tables  
Recall problem resolved. I talked to the manufacturer Select Brands Inc. about the recall and was advised that the recall problem has been correcte  
Great little sweeper.... Love it! Love the fact it doesnt blow the dust and dirt back out into the air and it is lightweight  
This could be the truly new Great Thing!. I love this product. I bought 3 pieces about a month ago and it easily lives up to all its claims. It 
Excellent Value. I want to start off by saying that any review is relative to the consumers past experience. Before getting this knife I was working from a cheap knife 
Does what it is supposed to do, quietly & efficiently. We have only had the Delonghi TRD0715T a few weeks but so far it does its job quietly and efficiently 
The best. I never thought I could be so enamored with a trashcan, but Oxo has really done it this time. There are so many things that can be done 
Love these Ramekins! Can t live without them! A . I ordered 12 of these Corelle Abundance ramekins ~ and wondered just how much use I would get out of 
Best Sharpener ever!. I ve tried almost every sharpener made, from manual to electric, and none come close to the TechEdge Pro. As soon as I received it, I sharpened 
Fun and simple bed for our toddler. We ve purchased two of these beds over the past 6 months. We left one at the grandparents house, for when we visit, 
Super soup mug!. I love Fiestaware, and I enjoy the cobalt more than any other color. These Jumbo Cups are lovely and match the rest of my cobalt Fiestaware completely. 
Easy and Convenient!. These are great for storage of many different types! We use them for storing toys and hauling them upstairs. Also convenient for use with laundry especially kids 
The Perfect Personal Blender. I had to face it that I wasn t making my protein shakes because it was way too messy having to clean up both the large 
The hands-down best non-stick. This heats perfectly evenly, cooks wonderfully, looks great, and I believe you could burn glue in this pan and it would wash out with cold water 
Great for easy whipped cream!. We love our Whip-It and use it almost every day. We keep it full of fresh cream, with some sweetener and a touch of vanilla, 
easy to use. It s handy, I can carry it to anywhere I want but the bad thing is nois  
Good Balance, easy to sharpen, ugly as sin. I originally bought this knife because one of the chefs at the restaurant I work at had one. I picked it up 
Bring Along the Bottle. My husband received a similar bag for Christmas that holds 6 bottles of beer. We are scheduled to attend a formal event where we will need 
We like it!. OK - it does give the toast a bit of a ride and sometimes it hits the plate when it pops up! It s ok- I like 
Great product!. Looks and works just as advertised. Took it out of the box and used it the day we received it, made for a lovely and lively family dinner. 
Gave as gifts. Receiptents were happy with these. These were shipped to family members, as a gift.They were very happy with these  
Great. Great quality and a useful little gadget for everything from drink mixing to baking  
perfect for work. I work in an industrial shop, and this is the perfect cup for me. I would highly recomend it to anyone. The only bad thing I have 
One of the smartest inventions ever. I was always annoyed by having to keep tugging the shower curtain little by little over the rod to open or close it. It 
Good but not perfect. I like the style, weight and size of this set, but I m not sure how it is going to hold up in the dishwasher. I 
Breadman bread maker. The product is fine. The supplier I will never do business with again.I found out that the bread maker had been duplicated Christmas gift and sent an 
a dip in quality?. There aren t any wine glasses out there that I prefer over the Riedel Vinum series except the Sommelier of course . I do have one 
Way better grinder than what s been written. I ve had nothing but good from this grinder and would recommend it. I AM drinking more coffee because it produces such 
WILL FIT 18.5 in WIDTH. I purchased my ironing board from COSTCO. Rowenta was embrossed on the steel but no model number could be found. The width 18.5 was .5 
Great!. I have the other tri ply cookware, but wanted a non-stick version pan that was in the tri ply line. I love it! Go with the 12 inch if 
Replaced broken original. Used the original for 2 years and broke the carafe in sink.Ordered this replacement.It was perfect.Good price, good delivery, product as promised.  
Great Gate. I am very pleased with this gate. Easy to assemble, easy to move and looks great. I have received several compliments on how nice the gate looks. The 
Quite a few small toys. Read the ad carefully - Don t be confused by the various pictures. This particular item is a set of toys only. The playstation itself 
Best Gate Available. Between basset hounds and babies we have had too many pet baby gates to count. Not only was this gate easy to install, but it is also 
It looks wonderful on the Kitchen table. We use this to serve ice water at meals. It is so beautiful. It holds a full 2 qts. Not much else to 
LOVE THIS DOUBLE BOILER. I recently purchased this double boiler and I am very happy with it. It is a good quality stainless and that is important. I love the 
Great product!!. Did a search for this type shelf when we purchased an odd sized TV, had gotten one years ago for a different set...it came promptly was as good 
Accidentaly gave it four stars but now can t change to five!!!!. I bought this for my vacation home, then I bought one for my apartment. I love everything about 
Breathtakingly beautiful!. If you love fine china and you are a Teacup collector, this set is worth the investment of 20. It s beautiful! The pictures just DO NOT do 
Fiestaware 44 oz teapot persimmon. I love my teapot it pours beautifully. And the shape is wonderful! It is one of the best teapots I have ever owned  
Great, but use it in the way that it was intended!. For those of you with new puppies and those looking for a long-term everyday solution- this is not the 
best slushie maker ever. this thing rocks,if you get it youll have tons of slushie fun and lots o brain freeze  
I love, love, love this skillet!!. First of all, let me say I agree with the reviewer who deducted stars from the 9 skillet due to the non-stick coating. Since 
Vacuum Sucks Big Time. This vacuumn has incredible sucking power. It s incredible. Our down comforter had a small leak and needless to say, there were feathers everywhere!!! This vacuum 
Excellent Buy. The cooker steamer arrived ahead of schedule and I have used it twice deep frying foods and have no complaints. I recommend it to anyone looking for a 
I own one for 5 years. For the last 5 years I have been making 3 to 4 espressos a day with it. I never had a problem!It works great, 
its a lamp timer. Its a lamp timer....not much to say. It does the job. No complaints. Price was righ  
Great Sheets!!!. I bought these sheets as a present for my mom. She absolutely loved them! She called me to ask where I got them, because she wanted more. She 
Graniteware Roaster. I gave it as a gift, she loved it since the granite roaster she had for over 20 years had gotten a small hole in the bottom from 
Great towels. I bought 4 sets of these towels altogether - 2 in blue for guest bath and 2 in black for master bath. Love the feel and weight. Nothing 
Colorful pieces that remain colorful. I own most items of the Santa Fe Collection. I use them everyday, put them in the dishwasher, top drawer, and never had a problem 
Excellent Product and really worth it. We ve had cheaper vacuums in the past and we ended up spending more than 300 bucks on 3 different vacuums over the past 
Extraordinary. This is an extraordinary knife. It is classy and it cuts perfectly. It is worth the money for a knife you ll have for a lifetime  
columbia heavy weight towels. Awesome.super absorbant.just what i wanted. i would definately purchace this product again  
Pleasant surprise!. The wood keeps the salt from clumping! Probably will get another! Looks very nice on the prep area of my kitchen  
PERFECT. This is exactly what I wanted! Fits in a shirt size area of a closet. Love that it slides over the pole like that. And the price is pretty 
This Thing is Suck-tacular - Worth Every Penny. All kidding aside, this thing is amazing. Some friends had purchased one and I asked how they liked it and then started 
Unbelievable!. When I first actually got it... I was uncomfortable with my tank! But, when you plug it in and see the wonderful performance, you cannot ask for anything better. 
Plain and simple. I only ordered these because they were only 9.99 for the whole set.I don t think they are nice enough to serve to your guests but I 
Dissapointed. I think this item is a great buy. Well designed and very functional although I use it for my DVD s instead of CD s. However, my DVD collection 
Great value, but durable and quality performer. Like many others who bought this item, I was initially interested in a Le Creuset dutch oven, but was turned off by the 
Coffee Grinder. Was considering a much more expensive model...glad I didn t. Good quality...a retractable cord would be a nice addition  
works great!. I ve used this almost daily since I ve gotten it! My cookie sheets are all getting old and marked up from being used for pizza, fish, drip 
good product. Even if I had bad comments it breaks often , I take care and it works  
Tender and Moist. I have fallen in love with my cast iron cookware! If you can handle the weight of the units, the results are worth the excercise. I have 
mobility perfect. Exactly what I wanted and needed for my nutrition supplements. easy to use, compact, not messy, secure lid to take into car, cleans up in a flash, I 
Awesome Organizer. I purchased two of the white with pastel bins for my girls. Ages 7 and three. They share a room and this gave them each their own &amp;quot;space&amp;quot; 
CUISINART HAND MIXER. I AM VERY SATISFIED WITH MY CUISINART CHM-3 ELECTRONIC HAND MIXER.SO FAR, IT HAS PLOWED THROUGH THE TOUGHEST COOKIE DOUGHS, AND ISVERY EASY TO USE  
Pet Gear Home N Go Soft Sided Pet Crate- extra small. WONDERFUL CRATE! I had already bought the same crate in thenext size up. I needed the smaller size for 
WOW!! Amazing Peeler!. I purchased this for my husband he s seen an ad for it and mentioned it and it s wonderful! Easy to use, super sharp and it 
I use this one allot!!!. All your wooden spoons I bought are of excellent quality, well-rugged construction with a good feel to them when using in the kitchen. I use 
Nice little machine. I received this machine non-refurb as a gift for my birthday. I finally starting using it about a month ago and I am rather happy with the 
My wife loves the Henckels Pro S 7 piece set. I recently purchased a Henckels Pro S 7 piece knife set for my wife on her birthday. It has proved 
Good Product. Es un producto muy practico y de buen tamao, slo que sera excelente si fuese de acero inoxidable.  
Translucent Pot Holder. Very satisfying purchase. The product is of high quality and has all the most functional features. It is comfortable and flexible and cool to the touch. I 
Better Than Anticipated. I thought, 5 towels for 10 bucks? How nice could they be?Well, surprisingly enough, quite nice. They are high quality and oversized. Unlike many kitchen towels that 
Best peeler I ve ever had!. This peeler works great! I really do not like to peel fruits and veggies, but with this I actually don t mind. Definately owns 
Alternative Comforter. Quality, price and service.....can t be beat! If I need another, will buy again from Amazon. Thank you for being there  
coffee maker. If anyone had suggested that I would spend that much money on a coffee maker, Iwould have laughed. Once you use this machine, it is no longer necessary 
If color matters...... My dog really loves this bed & I really like the idea of a cool side & a warm side . However, the color is not what 
Great Looking. I love this dresser, my husband and I put it together in about 90 minutes and it looks great. I didn t encounter any problems with the knobs 
Great product. I love Le Creuset! I have the 2 quart and 6 quart size French Ovens, so decided to splurge on the 3 1 2 quart size. Although they 
Excellent Product for keeping Wine fresher... This product is well made and easy to use. The pump makes a clicking sound when the vacuum seal has reached it s maximum. 
niCe. Same ones or very similar at WAL Mart for 9.95. These look very nice along with the chrome cresent shapped shower rod and white rice paper shower curtian  
It sure does work! It ll work on you too if you forget about it!. Both my wife and I have been zapped by it on accident, when we forget 
Great waffles, given patience with heating. After reading reviews on Amazon, I decided to give this wafflemaker a try, as it looked better than anything I could find in a 
Woot. I got these on sale last week from Amazon at 165 bucks. Totally worth it. They are nice and heavy, heat evenly and the non-stick is amazing. You can 
Awesome Pan. I was getting sick of teflon pans coming apart. Scrape them with metal and they peal apart. This pan is great. It s very light, strong, and great 
nice towel, sheds a lot. These towels are fine but I had red fuzz in the bathroom for about 3 weeks after I started using them. That s starting get 
Sturdy, simple and portable. This is a rather simple storage unit that readily fit on our pantry shelf. The support prongs are long enough that I imagine it would readily 
Quirky but does the job. For the price am not too surprised at the quirkiness of this machine. As others have mentioned, there is a tendency for it to push 
It s extremely useful. I have really messy children. At the begining i thought about renting a carpet cleaner cause my carpets became very dirty & i thought that nothing 
great for leveling soft sided cakes. This leveler worked great but only on cakes that have soft not crusty sides. Since the cutting &quot;blade&quot; is only a wire, cutting through 
Nappa-lishious!. This is a great window perch. Don t pay full price for it, but at just over 20 it s a good buy. Very easy assembly, no holes in 
Excellent Value. Pans are great. Amazon ordering shipping is always a snap. I got a great deal  
What a deal!!!. I bought these for Christmas presents for a few people - and they LOVED them! They were an incredible deal, warm, and appropriately sized. They were so 
Great Product - Confusing Models and Descriptions However. Both Eureka and Amazon need to do a much better job of describing and clarifying the differences in models in The Boss 
A Real Eye Catcher!. I have owned this tea kettle for about 10 years. Not only is it fully functional as staple in my kitchen, it s adorable. Everyone who 
excellent. The litter locker is great. After running out of refills, I could really notice when going back to the old method scooping into a small aluminum trashcan for a 
Love the Vac - Hate the Floor Attachment. Love this vac. Good suction. Cleaning the filter is not really a problem; I had used a friend s older version so 
The first pair of scissors you ll reach for. Have had these marvelous scissors for several years now and find they re the first I reach for in the kitchen. 
I cook fer a livin and... We bought 20 of these li l darlins for the saute line at work and procceded to attempt their destruction and rapid demise...to no 
Works well. I ve never had problems getting this can opener to work right, and use it quite often. The blade is removable to wash, but they made it really 
Best idea ever!. I have a cat that likes to drink from a running faucet. It makes washing dishes and brushing your teeth a hassle because you re always fighting 
Quiet & Reliable. Use this fan heater 3 to 5 hours daily for an approx 475 sq foot area. It works awesome quiet and hassle free  
Works well after repair. I like this winged corkscrew but I had to repair the plastic once when the cap near the wings busted off. Superglue did the job, and 
Great deal on a LARGE bag for artificial tree storage. The box that my tree came in was falling apart so I needed a new way to store it for 
Great gift for popcorn lovers. Purchased machine for my brothers family. Easy to set up, use and clean. If you use it as intended not intended for hours of continuous 
Anthony Bourdain should get a commission. I never forgot that he mentioned this knife brand as a more affordable alternative in Kitchen Confidential. It s still pretty expensive for me 
Circulol Steel 10 Piece cookware set review. Excellent item at a fantastic price! Holds up well, wonderful to cook in and when you wash it it dries nice, without spots. 
So much fun! Keeps my dog out of my hair!. I swear, when I give this toy to my dog it actually keeps him occupied and I can eat without 
THE BEST!!. i bought this video center for my son for christmas as well a ps2 to store and at first i did not think that it would fit in 
I love this colander!. When I first opened the box and saw this colander, I thought I maybe should have ordered a larger size since it looks deceptively small. However, 
Excellent. The sheets were a great buy. The sheets fit the bed nicely. I find them a pleasure to sleep on.  
A Must Buy. Being of an Italian family the Pizzelle Cookie was a big treat.Mom only made them at Christmas and on a iron Pizzelle maker. It is one heavy 
Confessions of a pot-destroyer. I destroy cooking pots. I m especially lethal to the light-weight teflon lined variety you ll find at the supermarket. My secret is simple: I like 
I don t dare approach meat without it!. Like another reviewer, Alton Brown first turned me on to oven probe thermometers, and I picked this one up one day as 
GREAT little blender. This little guy is easy to use, easy to clean, and very powerful. Uses very little space on the countertop. If you have a fridge that can 
Accurate, with Small Problems. I calibrated the outside sensor using the supplied probe in a container of ice and water. It appeared to be accurate within a degree. The default 
Cutco redux. I own most of the knives in the set and use them daily. I also used Cutco extensively once upon a time when I was young and didn 
Felines Favorite Toy. I have two tomcats,one Feral ,the other Domestic,Both love this Toy,They spend hours throwing and then chasing the Squirrel,The domestic cat carry s his around constantly,The only 
Quality made, last a long time. What s there to review, these are made for the fresh flow, they work just like they should! Mine last several months with 4 
Quality that fits the budget. I actually preferred the Pfaltzgraff Mystic pattern but my oldest dd and her husband gave me a set of the Cappucino for Christmas. A service 
Riding in Style. I bought two of these to house my cats for the long drives across South Dakota. The cats really seem to enjoy the soft padding on the 
Beautiful. I have owned this flatware for 3 years, and never tire of its design. It is complementary to china as well as everyday dishes  
Great quality! Very Surprised!. This spoon, as with the others offered on Amazon proved to be a great find! This spoon is of sturdy wood and thickness: Very rugged. Would 
600 thread count sheets. these sheets are soooo soft and the price I payed you could not find Anywhere,just get them, you won t be sorr  
Great product. Great product for places with no outlets. The range is average, so if you are going to use it to light a stairway like I did , then 
Exactly what I was looking for, NOT a slipcover!. I knew what I was getting when I ordered this product--I WASN T looking for slipcovers. I wanted throws to cover 
Great for juices. The only thing I think this item need is a cover to close the crusher when its not in us  
Love it!. I ve worn out so many waffle irons and searched high and low for one that made more than 4 waffles for my big family. I loved this 
A Little Wonder. I was first looking for an electric sharpener until I found too many bad stories about removing too much metal, marring the finish, etc. Then, I found 
Wonderful thin wine glasses but................ I love these thin wine glasses....I can not enjoy a glass of wine in a thick glass....I have ordered many sets of these and given 
Soft, warm navy blue blanket with some issues . I bought this blanket based on previous reviews and for the low price 14.99 in December 2006 . It s just 
Shun vs MAC brand. I ve decided to go with MAC brand santoku after reading several reviews.  
Good looking whisk. This is a mid-size whisk, not a full-size one. If you understand that you ll be happy with it. It is a simple item, does what it 
BEST OF CLASS. We assembled the fan within 20 minutes using the directions. The only challenging step is snapping the front fan cage onto the back. The force must be 
If you need an extra knife , this is the one to get. If you like global knives and already have a Chef s knife and a bread knife and 
Sentina is a sleep saver. My husband goes to bed much later than I do.Until I got this gadget, I had to go to sleep with a bedroom light on,and 
So far so good!. Have had the Granos for about 1 month. Great espresso, great latte and great design. I hope all the leak issues I read below have been 
sturdy, good quality, looks just like the picture. i was pleased. it is a very nice pink, not that awful too bright pink things sometimes turn out to be, but 
It was a bargain at 9.99. I just received mine and tried it out. It worked perfectly. No such problems as described by many reviewers. This is an inexpensive model 
Better than expected for the money. My boyfriend purchased this item for me a few months ago because he knows I love to cook and didn t have a &quot;good 
best knives in the world. the title says it all i repeat the best knives in the world.....  
Good Knife, But Do You Need It?. The Wusthof Classic line is the more conservative counterpart to the Grand Prix line. The only difference, however, is the handle style. I 
Works well... I recommend rinsing it out with soapy water to get the metal plastic smell and taste out, otherwise it does keep the fizz in well over a week. 
Excellent little timer. For what it is disregarding any false advertising by vendors, etc. , it s a perfect little timer. It s easy to use, accurate, and works great 
Great for toaster ovens!. With the cost of propane being what it is, it s great to have these to use in my toaster oven, instead of heating up a 
Great for teens. We got 3 of them and gave them to my teenage daughters friends, and they loved them. Super gift for a teen girl  
it s cool, i love it. This is a great bookcase, I don t know what the person was talking about the size being misadvertised. I think they just didn 
Best bathroom upgrade; great for whole family. I ve had mine for a number of months and it s fantastic. The drinking water spout it shoots up just like a 
Great Filters. Filters arrived in perfect condition. They were shipped extremely fast. Amazon great service  
Great product. This is a super product. I ve had it a few months and it works very well. Be sure to get the mason jar attachment so youdon t 
Mr. Dyson is a genius!!. I completely lucked out finding this awesome peice of machinery. Friends were visiting so I was getting ready by cleaning the house which of course 
Great Product. This product is well worth the money. It is absolutely wonderful for covering a variety of sizes of bowls. After placing the lid on the bowl, just press 
Best Air Mattress Yet. I have had a few air mattresses in the past. I was waiting on my furniture shippment from Prague and needed a bed for a month. 
Bar None..... This is the BEST cutting board you can buy. I ve been a professional chef for over 18 years and I swear by John Boos boards.  
Some of the best sheets one can find!!!!!. I know for a fact that these sheets are completely worth their price. They are extremely soft, they are of great quality 
excellent value. this scale is great for the price..I recently bought one at Kmart that I just threw away......nice how it fits in to the dish and easy to store...perfect 
The perfect morning cup. Jumbo is right. These cups are perfect for morning Joe, especially when you have houseguests and you want to fill up once and then sit and 
Fiestaware Fan!. Last holiday season, I received this Fiestaware Scarlet dinnerware set as a gift. I absolutely love these dishes. They are strong, look wonderful, and put a smile on 
Great tool for beginners. I ve never made a scrapbook in my life, and I bought this kit to help me get started for a Christmas gift for a close 
Used for kitchen funnels. These funnels nest together for easier storing. They go in the top of the dishwasher and are easy to use. A great product at any price 
Just what I was looking for. I internet shopped for a week, reading consumer reports and customer reviews of just about every blender made. I decided on this one based 
Doubles as a Gravy Bowl~~. I got this in a set of the Sugar Bowl and Creamer...I don t really use the creamer so I tried using it as a 
Great pan, odd handle. I used this pan just this morning and I really like it. It has a great non-stick surface and is easy to clean. The price is 
Knife sharpener. I found that the sharpener did better than I expected. It put a better a good edge on in very little time  
tovolo blue silicone splatter screen. This is fabulous. The size is a little bigger than most screens and works well with many pots and pans. The flexibility of the screen 
lace on top. Sheets are great just the lace on top can be bothersome when sleepin  
Bang for the Buck. Heats up the bathroom quickly, safe for the kids, great value for price and it looks good  
Good slicer!. This slicer works great on most cheeses. It doesn t work very well on harder cheeses though  
great processor. this is a great food processor, i have had it only a few days, but i love it, the puree works great, the slicer works really really good. 
Function Wins Out!. The good Function :1 Rubber non-slip base and good weighting2 Clear plastic, allows full view of soap level3 Long spout allows easy access to sink. No counter 
Rack. All I had to do was unfold it! Very handy, easy to move, holds lots of stuff  
DeLonghi TRR0715 Retro Oil-Filled Radiator. We are pleased with the purchase of this heater. It works well in smaller areas 10 x 15 but we are also using it in 
Keeps Baked Boneless Chicken Breasts Moist. I live in the Midwest and boneless skinless chicken breasts prices have plummetted as compared to what they were a few years ago, but 
This is GREAT!. I was shopping in a gift store today and came across this Tovolo Tea Infuser and it is brillant! If you don t use tea bags and 
Feeding a bunch of students. What a great bargain and a useful purchase! It works perfectly, is easy to clean, and can handle a lot of food.I just finished working 
Just the Ticket. I bought two of these, one blue and one yellow and they re beautiful. There is no way you could buy this fabric alone for this price. 
Tequila glasses have Riedel s exceptional standard. I have used all of Riedels glassware for the various types of wine. They are superior for serving wine. We were introduced to 
Great value!. This coat rack is simple and sturdy. It has several pegs for longer coats at the top and below are ones just the right height for my daughter 
FIESTA!. Perfect size bowls for fruit and maybe a side dish for those of you who don t like their food all running together on your plate. Good for snacks 
Smellkiller Air Cleanser. Amazingly, this thing works great. I was skeptical, but after reading the reviews, I thought I would give it a try. We placed them in our basement, 
Good Stockpot at a Great Price. Farberware 18 10 stainless steel cookware is a good line. I had this cookware at one time, and I can recommend it, especially for 
Great Stoneware. This cookware is not just for breads, try a meatloaf for two. With the even heat distribution from this cookware your meatloaf cooks even, sealing in the juice 
Works for me. I purchased a microwave plate cover 20 years ago. It was perfect, but finally cracked up and needed to be replaced this year. I purchased this Nordic 
Great Scale. Great Price. Again, despite what the first reviewer states this scales DOES display weight in tenths of an ounce. Perhaps he she had it set for weighing in 
Dog loves his new dog house... It is a very big dog house for a little shih tzu dog, but he instantly loved it when he saw that it was 
Wonderful Quiche pan!. I use this for quiche, scalloped potatoes, just about anything baked. It is beautiful for serving at the table.  
WELL worth the money!. Shopping for an electric kettle? Look no further! This one ROCKS. The water heats up SO fast it blows your mind. Outside is cool to the 
I love this knife. I m not a chef, just a guy. I have a ninety-five year old mother who has recently developed a chronic desire for fried onions, on 
Some hints on care - and also getting the less common pieces. GREAT COOKWARE - nobody who s used it would argue, and I also have some All-Clad pieces - 
Strong. Designed after traditional French wooden spoons. These spoons are made of food-grade high-density nylon fiber, which is safe for use in temperatures up to 450 F. These nylon fiber 
Very nice, wish the handle design was slightly better. I ve only had this a short time and I like it a lot. The price is good and the quality 
nice bowls. I like and dislike these bowls. What I like about them is the shape and size for certain foods and for the dishwasher. They are actually too small 
Use it 3 or 4 times a week. We are very happy with the quality of this cookware and use it often. This was purchased to replace a Revere electric 
Where s the eye remover?. Very nice peeler except it s missing a feature that every other peeler I ve ever seen has; a protuberance that can be used to 
Only from Amazon. Just received my Cobalt Tones chop plate. It s beautiful. I plan to use it as a serving platter more than a plate. I saw this listed 
excellent. A gorgeous product!.Makes a wonderful coffee, and it stay hot almost three hours.Recomended  
The Best Knives I ve ever owned. The knife set is absolutely fantastic! The knives are razor sharps, feel great in the hand, and ring like a tuning fork when 
Great Wide-Based Mug. I fully agree with the previous ratings--truly a nice mug for the desk and or workshop. One improvement I d like to see with these quality mugs 
Heavy duty for all purpose!. I love these!! Ordered three sets of these brick-red colored mini-bowls for my family and continue to be pleased with the performance. They are good 
Good for what it is. It works well, and it s good for the price. Not too stable and sturdy, but it gets the job done just fine  
Works perfectly!. I think this is about as close to a perfect grooming product. It s not too expensive and works incredibly well. Also, the little roller ball with the 
Great filter at a great price. This is an excellent price for this filter, and it arrived when promised  
Nice mitts!. These are every part as good as the other Oxo mitts on Amazon, but for almost half the price as of this review , so I bought two. 
DEEP FRYER. This item is everything it claims and more. Unable to locate this item locally. Deep frys very well. The size is perfect for a family and it is 
Great skillet but large for most stovetops. This skillet is great. However, I would caution people that it s a little too big for most electric-coil burners, and so the 
Very good machine within its limits. I have had one of these machines for three weeks. So far I am very satisfied with it. It does an excellent job washing 
Handy Helper!. This foldable basket is the handiest helper! I love the space saving of storing it! Very sturdy & durable! Great bu  
Economical Substitute for an Espresso Machine. First I d like to thank my friend Tony from Italia for introducing me to this little gadget on our campout last month. Secondly 
Great humidifier and wonderful customer service. I live in New England and with our forced air heating system, my condo gets very dry over the winter. To solve my stuffy 
drinkwell pet fountain replacement filters. filters arrived before projected arrival in good shape and product was exactly what I ordered  
AWESOME!!!. I recieved the 12 1 2 , it comes with a lid!! I used it to make panfry dumplings. I have tried Ultrex, non stick and Revere stainless, neither 
works better than expected, good for small space. I got a model very similar for about 10 bucks on clearence, and plugged it in, not expecting much. I placed it 
Frying pan. I recently purchased a frying pan Calphalon . It is just the right size and food fries beautifully in it. The cover that comes with it is so 
Love this spray. I was looking at several solutions to my female cat peeing in a certain place in the house and decided to try this product first. I only 
Pulltap Corkscrew. The double step levered corkscrew is a great improvement over a single step pull. I first saw this in Spain where the Pulltap is made and knew I 
One of the best knives I ve ever used. My wife got me this knife for Christmas. I ve been wanting to get one since I saw Rachel Ray use 
Not bad for the price. It gave me a way to get that awful paisley print comforter that was handed down to me to match some of the stuff in 
Crush something today. This is an excellent value and will be an excellent addition to any kitchen. This is as small as I would ever want a mortar, but it 
Sturdy!. These cups are larger than they appear! And very strong and sturdy - a thick ceramic. I use them every day to microwave eggs, etc.  
great everyday grill. only a short review: this GF is better than most of the small 25 ones you can buy at local store:- it s bigger: you can throw 
Fast and Quite but no notification. The Kettle works very well. I replaced a Phillips one I had for years which broke. I guess the only thing I would like 
Good simple lightweight bundt pan. This was the second highest rated bundt pan in Cook s Illustrated. I used an oil flour baking spray and my bundt cake popped out 
Wusthof Grand Prix Kitchen Shears. I ordered this item because I know Wusthof has a reputation for quality. I find the kitchen shears sturdy and sharp; especially appreciated are the 
HCM-6011i Review. The machine works very well. You can set the desired humidity level and the machine will turn on off to maintain that level. It works very nicely with 
Essential Accessory for Some Calphalon Cookware. This Calphalon Suede Panhandler is an essential accessory for use with the original line of Calphalon Professional Hard Anodized Cookware because this line has 
Handy size and attractive. I recieved one of the 3 of these containers that I ve ordered to date. I hope that I will get the other two as they 
Great quality at a great price!. I was a bit unsure of these, seeing as how cheap they were, but i can assure you that they re great products for 
A great popcorn popper. This popcorn popper is the best ever. It makes great popcorn in only a few minutes on the stove. Now that microwave popcorn is so popular, 
Black 13-gallon trash can. Finding a black trash can can be a difficult task without the internet! I was glad to have found this one that is big enough for 
More stable than others. Besides being heavy and bulky, putting this together wasn t too bad. Once you have the first shelf or two in place, it s all downhill 
Great Timer!. We liked this timer so much, we bought another, so now we have red and black.This timer is quick and easy to pick up and set. We use 
Nice Pepper Grinder. To me, this is a cool little grinder. I can stir and grind at the same time. It s also small enough to take to the beach 
Not as bad as everyone says. The first time I used this waffle maker I was very disappointed and regretted the purchase. However, I gave it another chance. The second 
Superb, gorgeous cookware. This Kitchenaid stainless, 5 ply cookware is the best on the market in my opinion. It is superior to ALL-Clad in appearance and performance. I ve noticed 
Best Buy. This unit performs as well as those costing twice the price. Can t imagine why anyone would want to spend more  
Just what I wanted!. A great ice cream maker. No prefreezing bowls. It is loud so plan your ice cream making accordingly - you will not want to be in 
Stemless champagne glasses. These are so lovely! They are very fragile..befitting the contents! Even nicer that I had imagined when I ordered them  
Best hot water out there. It s fast, reliable, and so far durable. It s great fun and useful to be able to see the water level and the water 
So far, so much better!. This is the 6th coffee maker I ve owned in three years, falling in the middle of the purchase price range. It has finally brought 
Great functional design. This ladle is large enough to handle very chunky stews and soups and works wonderfully. The shape makes pouring easy and it doesn t drip. It has 
Does Exactly As Expected. I was looking for a quick easy sweeper that was for small clean up jobs. I knew it didn t have suction and worked off of 
Wonderful purchase for Oregon winters!. As a single Mom who exercises frugality with my finances, finding flannel sheets @ 5.99 from Amazon I was very impressed. Last year I bought 
Medium ball - my Casey s fav toy. I love this toy - and so does my corgi boy, Casey. I always get the medium toy. Unlike the other review, 
great bargain!. This set is remarkable for the money. cups AND saucers rather than just mugs, and the quality of the fiesta label indicates how beautifully made the dishes are. 
The last cat toy you ll ever buy!!!. I have two cats and they absolutely LOVE this toy! The cat charmer is very long so even when you re sitting, 
Wow - this product is fantastic!. I thought I d give this a try for my yappy chihuahua mix. I did not want to try a shock collar, but I 
WORKS PERFECTLY. I use it OVER my bedsheets to keep them clean and dry when my slobbery lab uses my bed as hers. Works just great, stays put even over 
Cute Little Apple S &amp; P s. This Franciscan Apple Dinnerware Salt &amp; Pepper Set is adorable. I leave mine on my kitchen table all the time. They match the 
great!. still find it somewhat big for a dorm room but if you have a double and are sharing the fridge this much room is probably necessary but works great 
 Out-of-date Is Not Always Bad. I have my neat little multi-setting timer with it s melodius little ping. Rather, I will have ... as soon as I find the 
Good product, fast delivery. it is good product, but it can t fit boot and man s shoes.  
very good product. this is a good quality product. more deep and narrow than our old one of the same size, it fits better in narrow spaces in our little 
comfy. It was a bit stiff at first, but did not take long to soften up. We love blankets with satin-y binding, and this one is just right  
Serves the purpose, worth the money. We bought this to conquer the constant dry nose congestion from living in AZ. We were ablet to get a 10 discount b c 
NICE CHEST OF DRAWERS. I really like this chest and one reason I bought it is because it is made of rubberwood. I have rubberwood kitchen cabinets and really like 
Bought a couple. After reading reviews on Amazon, I purchased this rice cooker for my mom for Christmas. She loves it! I bought her a Salton cooker the year before 
Accent for Babys room. purschased for my granddaughter and it came fast. easy to assemble and put the finishing touch to her room.thanks for another great dea  
the perfect pan for many uses. Throw away your nonstick cake pans, this pan is perfect for cakes, pies and well almost any use in oven or stove top. Like 
Best thing since sliced bread..... We love corn on the cob at our house. So much so that we buy frozen in the cold months. We have tried every kind 
Works Great. Works as advertised. Couldn t be any happier with the egg rings and bacon press  
Beautiful!. Just received these as a gift. We ve been using cheaper sets for the last 10 years and finally decided to go for a more-than- 75-set to ensure we 
Best Cat Litter Box ever owned. I recently obtained 3 cats much to my surprise! I dreaded cleaning their Kitty Litter box every day until I got this one! I 
Something for Everyone. There are many rave reviews here, so I won t bore you more than necesssary. They re all true.I use the chopper all the time. We never 
The best DVD tower. For quite a while I had been looking for a certain type of DVD rack tower...then one day in Target I was looking at the Mission 
Sleek & Gorgeous!. I love this whole line. The White looks contemporary and matches everything. Perfect for entertaining any time of the year. Try one and you will end up 
I love buying from Amazon!!!! Every Item is Great!. I ve bought numerous items through amazon, my latest the Delonghi TRN0812T Oil-Filled Radiator. I usually just go to walmart and 
Great product. I already own 2 of the metal version of this spatula and love it, so I bought the red and black one for my non-stick pans. I thought 
Very Nice. The product description and pictures left me unsure... but I took a chance. I needed some pourers, and they looked nice. They are.These are fairly heavy construction, and 
Love it. Great tool rack. We own 2 and love to have our kitchen tools within immediate reach  
Great Tea Pot!. I bought this after leaving my traditional tea pot on a gas stove and almost catching my house on fire! This kettle works great, is easy to 
The perfect little bowl... I have recently become a Fiestaware addict! I started with these cute little bowls, which I thought would be perfect for my three small children to 
Tommy Hilfiger Egyptian Luxe Bath Sheet. These are the nicest and thickest bath sheets I ve ever purchased. I would recommend them to everyone  
Great platter for grilling and serving. I purchased this platter because the color is a true white that can be used with my white everyday dishes or our china pattern. 
Alot of power. This mixer has a little too much power for my needs. Even at its lowest setting, the batter flies all over  
Never disappointed. This was an item that I had used before. I have expanded and needed a few more. Item is easy to assemble and was just what I expected. 
best bang for the buck. I ve owned three Sharp Carousel s and never been disappointed. This one is the best yet, defrosting a pound of hamburger quickly AND without 
Love this waffle maker. My kids just loved these wafflesticks. I doubled the basic recipe using 3 whole eggs and they were a hit. The maker is easy to clean, 
Crank It Up. I purchased the Honeywell HFS641P a little over a month ago and I am very pleased with the choice. I also purchased a Soleus fan with remote 
Is this Cast Iron?. Is this a cast iron grill  
could be better. The shower curtain is nice. Sunlight from the window brightens the bathroom nicely. The window should be placed higher in the curtain for more privacy  
columbia heavy weight towels. Awesome.super absorbant.just what i wanted. i would definately purchace this product again  
I Love It!. Great pan! It makes cooking fun again! Super non-stick and very heavy duty. Lifetime warranty but I don t think I ll be needing it for a 
Great grill and very nice presentation. This is a great grill pan because it leaves perfect thin grill marks and the shape accomodates almost any slice of meat desired. The 
Phenomenal!. It s the end of those big bulky oven mittens forever. Flexible, comfortable, and a cool hand in the hottest environments. I couldn t be more pleased.  
CALPHALON are the best!. Bought this set a little over 6 months ago. I ve never had any problems. I love all Calphalon products as they deliver what is promissed 
attractive and functional. Beautiful and solid, this cd storage unit arrived quickly and in perfect condition. Its simple, clean lines perfectly match our aesthetics. Now that our cd s are 
Works great with some cats. I m the president of a cat rescue group, for Ragdolls. While it s hard to tell if it works on some cats, we ve 
Humidifier Filter. I needed new filters for my humidifier & Lowe s where I bought the humidifier does not stock them. When I went online to try to find them, 
Great glasses. Solid, heavy, very usable glasses. Good, old-fashioned quality, and they go perfectly with the white Oneida XXL dinnerware  
Cute table. It s a nice little table for the entry hall. Putting it together was easy - the instructions are easy to understand drawings. All the screws and bolts 
Great pan at a good price. Nice pan, with the style and quality you expect from NordicWare. Only thing is that it s 9 square, not 9 x 11 as 
Riedel Glasses. I like good bourbon Jack Daniels Single Barrel and have found out that it tastes even better from these Riedel glasses. It is remarkable to take a taste 
Very Good. It really works good and it s fun to use. The waffles come out just right and I love it  
Very good for carpet. Hardwood floor attachment is poor. But very good for Carpet  
Krups 472-00 Duofilters, Two Pack. Makes the best coffee we have ever had. We have been using this filter for about 5 years  
Great Little Gizmo!. This can opener is fantastic! not only is it portable after charging, there is no need to leave it on the countertop. Just put it a drawer. 
Great Product Great Company. I just want to say I am not sure why the person who lost a piece of the product in her Dawn Ulepich Dawnski337 Illinois haste 
The Cookie Sheet Your Grandmother Used. In my twenties I bought no less than three non-stick cookie sheets while my Grandmother an avid baker was still using her aluminum bakeware 
Waring IC70 Brushed Stainless Steel Professional Ice Crusher 12-c. I liked the ice crusher, I just wish it crushed and not chopped the ice. I wanted an ice crusher, not 
This device is the greatest. Have been drinking vegetables for maybe 15 years. Started with a cheap machine. It broke right away. Spent over 200 on a very good quality 
So far, so good. We bought this to get a blender and to replace a leaky and piece of junk Hamilton Beach food processor. We live in a cramped apartment, 
Great color match. This bathmat is a perfect match to the towels. It is a little larger than expected and is a bathmat not a bath rug, therefore there are 
No bottlecap is a match for this. This is probably the sturdiest bottle opener I ve ever used. It opens pretty much any bottle with ease, and leverage is easy 
Glass coffee mugs. I have a set of glass coffee mugs from J Durand. I bought these because they looked the same. They are actually slightly heavier with a thicker 
Best cannister vac I could find at this price. I researched quite a bit prior to purchasing this unit. I wanted a bagged cannister type. Very hard to find. The 
NordicWare Popcorn Popper. Great product! Very pleased with quality and value! Received quickly.  
Matches my kitchen decor. Like shopping on Amazon.com. I find everything I m looking for. Very good service and quick delivery. Matches the napkin holder. Looks great on my counter 
be careful how you order this item!. Buyers beware: if you want a PAIR of mitts you need to order TWO mitts separately. Just bought this product and when my 
convenience with a flaw . I ve had the base & one remote sensor for four months. Temperature is accurate and I haven t had to replace the batteries yet. 
handy. we use it to store vitamins pills. very handy convienent, out of way and out of sun. matches decor nicely and easy to install.  
pleased customer!. I was very pleased with this item and my experience with the company. It arrived promptly and was VERY well packed. I ordered a similar coffee table from 
Good Chopper. The chopper works very well. It is easy to use, and it is easy to clean up.  
More to green than to tan. I ordered 2 sets of this dinnerware - had 3 destroyed plates and 2 chipped bowls out of 32 pieces. Would like to mention 
LOVE IT. I love this little scale. It is accurate and entirely convenient.I wish I had ordered more of them to use as stocking stuffers!terri in michiga  
Works great and makes delicious espresso. I looked around at a lot of different espresso machines and found a great deal on this one. I was hesitant to spend a 
great size. We use Fiestaware at almost every meal. This &quot;lunch plate&quot; size is perfect for our family s small meals. We also use them for serving desserts and other 
Another Outstanding German Kitchen Must Have!. For years I pined over the professional 100 models but I knew I never needed that much whip cream at a single dinner...but OMG 
Works. Don t be fooled by imitations, this is the real deal. Works well at cleaning the air in our living room. Wish it could move the air faster though, 
Great Choice. It is as good as I hoped it would be, and has a nice look  
Extremely Comforting. This comforter will keep you extremely warm! If you run warm you might find yourself waking up in a sweat, but if you get cold at night this 
Nice pan. This pan was purchased as a gift for my spouse and we love it. It does not stick, it looks great and all at a nice price. We 
Best can opener I ve used. I ve been using this can opener since Christmas 2006 without changing the batteries and it has worked perfectly every time. The only thing 
Oh What Knife!!. This is the knife I reach for when working with fish, vegetables, and boneless poultry. It is razor sharp, light and well balanced in the hand and 
Zelco Rubberneck Clip Light. Very nice and handy product, I whish the light was little bit more and brighter  
Temperature control a big plus. My wife wanted this model of dehydrator because of the temperature control feature most dehydrators don t have it and it turns out that s 
Great Little Dishes. Although I received these dishes in error I had ordered the oval ones, but Emile Henry mislabeled the box , these little baking dishes are great!The first 
It delivers when you need hot water. I have had this for a month and use it at least twice a day. It works like a charm and delivers hot 
Very practical!. These may not be a cute as the tabletop salt and pepper shakers the smaller round ones but let me tell you that having the handles makes a 
Best home coffee maker. It will not make a latte but if you want a good cup of coffee in less time it takes to brush your teeth this it 
Excellent Combination. After skimping and purchasing lower end vacuum cleaners for my condo in recent years, I decided that the Hoover name with the features and price tag of this 
Convenience worth the price. I m not sure the manufacturer would appreciate this, but they are great for measuring pet food. The long handles allow me to scoop the correct 
We like it!. I ordered this for Easter, unfortunately I forgot about it the day it came and my son was expecting a scooter, so when we got an Amazon 
Art Glass. These are my all time favorite wine glasses. I reach for them fist, especially with an extra good bottle of wine. The price is right and much less 
The BEST!. This particular foil cutter is the BEST! It s flexible and will adapt to any shape or size neck of the bottle, and is easy to use and 
Antares Galaxy Series Vacuum. After hauling around my very heavy Kirby for 14 years I am so happy with this compact, light-weight vacuum cleaner. It does such a thorough job 
OVGLOVE. Very satisfied with the order and service. I would certainly recomend the use of this supplier to anyone wishing to purcase from them  
Topsy Turvy II - Upside Down Tomato Planter - Use and Learning. A great product  
Serves its purpose well. I purchased this microwave as an addition to my dorm room. I would have liked a high-powered microwave, but restraints on space and money stopped me. 
Great idea!. This is a round 12 counter protector cutting surface. It has a raised edge to prevent food from sliding off and liquids and juices from spilling. Can be 
A very good buy for the money. I bought this set to go in my remodeled bar billiards basement. They are very sturdy, color is great, however the backs of 
Love it. Looks great, just what I wanted -- I can t believe I have filled it up already I feel like such a chef  
Perfectly designed for serving as well as decanting. I ve had mine for years and it outshines every other decanter I ve ever owned or used - in performance as 
GREAT LIGHT & HEATER!. I wish that I bought this light from Amazon. Could have saved some money, but it was purchased from a pet store near home. It was 
Great rug pad. This is a very thick, durable rug pad -- you won t find a price this good anywhere. It s not one of those cheap pads with 
great dish for college students. i ve got one of these floating around my house without the lid with the other common shared dishes.. and i have to say, everyone 
Love this jar!. Huge glass jar! Fits all my flour and leaves plenty of space for a cool scoop  
Great!. A little large to keep in a cabinet, but I found the room. This is a great slow cooker  
Finally, sharp knives. I ve been wanting a knife sharpener for decades but just couldn t justify spending over one hundred dollars on one when, wa la, I discovered the 
A Steamer of Many Uses. I purchased 4 2-tier bamboo steamers. They were reasonably priced and appeared virtually identical to another higher priced bamboo steamer. The steamers arrived in excellent 
Olive Bottle. Very nice bottle for a great price. Received item really fast.Thank  
good support. This neck pillow offers considerable support under the neck---bought it to replace an old one that had become thread-bare...husband uses it all the time.  
Love this pot!. I really love this pot. It is perfect for spaghetti, fettucine and especially lasagna noodles, which come out nice and straight. It is quite versatile--not just good 
Time flies, you can t, they fly too fast!. This timer is great. Light enough to wear around when you do your 15 minutes of cleaning and FLYing!Keeps excellent time. 
Nice Waffle Maker, Yummy Waffles!. I got this last Christmas for my husband and we love it! As with many appliances there is a small science to it, but it 
Great cutting board!. I ve had this board for about a year now and I can t complain. Have had others that have warped and looked bad in about the 
Don t believe anything bad about this product!. This is the best, most beloved item in my kitchen!!!I only wish I had bought the grinder and all the different cups 
My Cats Like It. Now they can feed themselves! Instead of having to open a can of food for them, they can now just go over to the dish and 
Fiestaware canister. It s Fiesta ware what s not to love! Couldn t find this one anywhere else  
Such a handy tool in the kitchen. I had a small version of salad shooter, it was great, used it for so many years, but now the blade was dull, 
The best spatula ever!. It is the best spatula that I have ever used even though it is made in China. However, Kuhn Rikon is a Swiss company and a 
perfect for pie. the dish is great for pies and even just baking casseroles in. it is much deeper than i thought it would be, and if you are using 
Great product. I love my new Alfi Albergo Carafe. Nice quality, liter size works well, and the tea filter is great. We have been amazed that it holds the heat 
Great Dinnerware. We bought a set of these in dark blue and just love them! They are beautiful on the table and go right in the dishwasher after dinner. With 
Good for the price. I have been using these knives for about a month now. For the price I think they are a good value. I like the block they 
The best knife I own!. I do a lot of cooking, and this knife is one of the best cutting knives I have. I use it to chop vegetables, peel 
Perfect Dinner. I used this for the first time this week. I wanted something rustic, so I decided to braise turkey thighs with some root vegetables. Preparing the dinner was 
Cal King Waterproof Mattress Cover. Cal King sheets, etc are extremely difficult to get in the stores OUTSIDE of CALIFORNIA.... this was just what I saw in Mervyn s in 
dishtowel. It s as absorbent as advertised and the color is much better than the photos  
Grape Napkin Holder. Absolutely love my grape napkin holder!Its of nice weight and good quality.I liked it so much.....after it arrived....I ordered the grapesalt and pepper shakers and liked that 
Great purchase!!. We didn t need another appliance , so this was a great choice. Heavy pan and lid, makes great panini and washes up easily  
Wow!. The photo does not do this piece justice! My jaw dropped when I first pulled it out of the box. The color is beautiful, as is the styling, it 
tasty rice and excellent porridge. my family used to have a tiger rice cooker that costed about 90 bux 10 years ago. It finally broke down after years of service 
Happy Camper. The product has served me well. It performs as advertised, no rings and no cold fingers. It has a nice feel. I have tried similar products and they 
Fabulous Product!. This juicer is fabulous! I use it to make orange-carrot juice like they make at Jamba Juice. It takes only minutes and comes out delightfully refreshing! Be sure 
Maxy s favorite. My cat loves this. He usually gets bored very quickly but he would play with this for hours. Unlike other review my batteries only lasted a week. 
Heavy duty and elegant. This set is outstanding. The dinnerware is heavy duty yet eye catching. It has very neutral colors and can go with almost anything. Everything arrived quickly 
Very light weight works well. Ok, this is not a vacuum for heavy duty cleaning and deep down dirt, however it works great to pick up cerial and that sort 
Great for Backpacking. I bought this mug french press to use when backpacking. The outdoor stores sell something similar, but made out of plastic. I was willing to accept the 
Its beauty is more than skin deep. A friend says the stainless contemporary pots belong in MOMA Museum of Modern Art and I agree: absolutely beautiful. On top of that, 
works great for the price. This is a great small appliance that I grown to l with only two uses. Though it says that it has a 2-pound capacity, I 
Great Grill for the Money. I purchased one of these Super Pro Grills and the Side Firebox this past week and used it yesterday to make the best pulled pork 
Easy to use chopper. I am pleased with my recent purchase of this item. Unit is super easy to take apart and clean. Very easy to use. One must bang 
PetSafe 6-Volt Battery Module, 2 pack. Received quickly and product was in excellent shape. Thanks very much  
Wonderful Towels. Love these towels, very nice for the price. Wash beautifully,nice plush feel, I recommend this set. I have paid a lot more for only 3 pieces, in this 
Best Pies Ever!. Not only do these burgundian clay pie pans look wonderful, they also bake the most perfect pies I have ever put together. The crusts come out even 
coat rack. This was easy to put together, affordable and looks great in my sun room with tons of coats and umbrella s hanging on it  
Great heavy lasagna pan. This is a great looking 9x13 pan with good proportions. It is really deep and makes a great tall lasagna. It is extremely heavy when fully 
Great Weight Loss Tool and Nice Looking on the Counter. I love this set. I held off for a long time since I thought them a bit pricy. THEY ARE 
An almost perfect electric kettle. Bought this on the basis of the Amazon reviews and am very glad I did. The only thing I m not crazy about is the 
Great Product, Great Price. I got this 2 months ago and have really used it a lot. It shaves the ice perfectly and easily. It s never gotten jammed. Plus, 
My Dogs Love This Stuff!. All 3 of our dogs love the various vitamin-enriched tasty pastes available from Kong. Although they loved to chew on their Kongs before, we found 
Awesome. I just love this vacuum. I wanted one that would pick up dog hair which my corgi mix produces in abundance. This vacuum picks it up by the shovel. 
Pizzelle maker. I had to wait a while as the item was on back-order, but it was DEFINITELY worth waiting for. Very pleased with my purchase and the the lower 
Not for parties, good for singles and couples. The other reviewers have pointed out the pros and cons, and they are mostly on-target. I find this machine to be no 
Warning - Not for ceramic top stoves!. I just received this griddle today and am SO disappointed to find on the small print on the box and NOT in Amazon 
One of my favorites. Terrific little kitchen utensil. Flat shape makes it easy to get into and around edges of pan and the larger, easy grip handle is comfortable to 
At Last!. At last, a practical way to preserve our wine. We have tried many systems and sprays. These stoppers are durable, effective and easy to use. The best we 
Indestructable dog toy!. If you have a dog that LOVES to chew, then this is a toy to highly consider! I ve got a pitbull that has destroyed everything he 
good product, but with a hiccup. this is a good looking, energy efficient kettle. i love the fact that it is made of real glass with a plastic lid . 
Super easy to clean!. I really love these pans - the size is small but that is not really a drawback because I can get 2 of them on one 
Very good little grinder. I like this grinder quite well. It s stylish and you can wrap the excess cord into the bottom. Of course you have to brush it 
best damn fryer on the planet. this is a well thought out product for consumer use. easy to clean, easy to use. tried others and was very disappointed but i 
One of my dogs took this a step further... One of my dogs was only shown this once & she started using it right away, my other dog took a 
E-Z-Rol Garlic Peeler - Fun!. I bought one of these a few years ago and put it away until I moved to a new home. I just ran across it 
Brita Ultra Max. Fits well on the shelf. Only have to take it out to refill  
It works. Hey, the thing opens cans. I am not that picky. As long as it works, I am happy  
money well spent. I m please with my coat rack. I have several heavy jackets on it and it s sturdy as well as attractive. I would recommend it, especially 
great [...]. [...]I m not using it for big jobs, I have a 2 1 2 year old... and I use it for the occaisonal spill & cleanup and for 
Works well. It is incredible how it cleaned a corner of my room that used to have a pile of shoes in it. When it is fully loaded, it can 
Absolutely LOVE it!. I had been wanting one of these for a long time, as I frequently bring food to potlucks and other gatherings. It was on sale as the 
Accoutrements Tiki Mug, Set of 4. These tiki mugs are ADORABLE! Seller shipped VERY well packaged, and they arrived quickly as well. I highly recommend these if you are a 
Wine glasses Tulip shape . It is elegant looking but very fragile.We have to handle it very carefully. Tulip shape gives a special pleasure while drinking wine in that glass. 
Works great!. Works great...the doser is kind of a pain sometimes, but totally manageable. It does a great job on the grinding and that is why I bought it. Bought 
Finally, Professional belgen waffels at home. I had been looking for a high quality waffle machine for several years and had given up hope of finding a unit that could 
Great purchase!!. We didn t need another appliance , so this was a great choice. Heavy pan and lid, makes great panini and washes up easily  
Hamilton Beach 04161 Is the Best. I have asthma and the Hamilton Beach 04162 has both my votes. I did a lot of research and intially bought the Blue Air 
FANTASTIC!. We have owned several blenders, some average and some professional. None come close to power of this one. First, you can tell by the weight of it that it 
Euro-Pro F1066 Deep Fryer Comments. This product is so great, it is my second one which I gave it as a gift to a friend. They told me they love 
Mission Natural CD Tower is Wonderful. This is functional, yet very nice to look at and is extremely easy to put together. It holds alot of DVD s or CD 
Works for me. I wanted a stainless microwave to go on top of a stainless mini-fridge that goes in the master bedroom. It works great for popcorn and reheating small 
Great Roaster Pan. At Thanksgiving our daughter had one of these roaster pans. My wife helped her clean up after dinner and was so impressed how easy it was to 
Good quality good price. I have been looking for an affordable but good coat rack for my kitchen - and this rack met all my needs, it is sturdy and 
Feral Cat. This product has been a miracle for my cat. W adopted her several years ago and we were warned that she was feral. For years she peed on 
Buy Several At Once. Replacement filters for Fresh Flow Purifying Pet Fountains can be hard to find, so I recommend buying several here at Amazon.com. They use charcoal filters to 
Good Fondue Fountain for the price. I saw this on Amazon for 10.99 so I couldn t resist buying it. Overall it works fairly well. I have only used it 
The Ultimate Lasagna Pan!. I have been thrilled with the heft and quality of the Le Creuset poterie line - and this is no exception. After years of trial and 
Quality Product. This is a well built Pizza Peel. I gave 4 starts instead of 5 because it showed that it was in stock and would ship with 2 day 
Viva Fiesta!. I LOVE my Fiestaware & these bowls are a GREAT price! They are the cereal bowls that come in the 4 piece set.I think the other reviewer thought 
House on Fire? Run back and grab this!. There are very few new and improved consumer items that are actually new or improved in any way. This is one huge 
Great Pot. I have used my pot for almost a year. I don t know why some are complaining their pot dribbles, mine never has. Perhaps not seating the lid 
Excellent results at a reasonable price. Buying the gallon size saves you money right off the bat. We have 3 older cats which sad to say are loosing control at 
Best wheat grass user on the market!. I felt compelled to write this review after reading a poor review by another site visitor. I have been juicing for many years 
A great espresso machine for the price!. I love this espresso machine! It makes a very smooth cup of espresso and is very easy to use. There is no automatic 
Good way to transport knives. I bought this knife roll to transport my knives because I like to have them for cooking in a rented condo. It does the trick, 
Great Value for the price for a Vacuum. I think that this vacuum is amazing for the price and a great value.If you are looking for the best value for 
Perfect for new bakers & old . I bought this set for my new sister in law that is self described non-domestic . She always burned everything and nothing turned 
Tan Chenille Fabric Sectional Sofa Couch w Coffee Table Ottoman. The sectional is very comfortable and appears to be well made. My only objection is they sent the GREEN one 
Fagor Glass Lid. It came on time in great condition. It fits more than the pressure cooker  
I m diggin it!. I purchased a white version of this heater elsewhere about a month ago. I love it. It is in my daughter s bedroom, which tends to 
I use these plates all the time. The Fiestaware bread tray is almost identical to the discontinued Omelet plates that Bennington Potters used to make. It is an amazingly useful 
Loaf Cheesecake!. What a great innovation from Kaiser. I have had the regular Kaiser springform pans for years, but this allows you to slice evenly and serve beautiful slices of 
excellent product, clean and easy. I schedule it when I am not home. It cleans the floor automatically for you. After it is done, it just know how to go 
Dehydrator is efficient and powerful. After trying smaller, less powerful, circular dehydrators, we were very happy with the performance of the Nesco model. The unit keeps the air circulation among 
I have always wanted one of these !!. And when it came up on my Gold Box offers, I couldn t resist ! And it is great !! Heavy duty 
Performs as Advertised. I have used the Aquasana shower filter for over 2 years and have been very satisfied. You don t smell any chlorine and will likely see a 
Excellent product. I have had this product for over a year and the bulb just burned out. No cord problems, ever. I use it every night in bed and it 
Excellent so far. The raclette grill was easy to set up, easy to use, and easy to clean. The base seems solid, and the stone is a nice one. We 
My dog hasn t destroyed it yet!. After several sessions of tug-of-war, a week or more of our dog playing fetch and carrying this around everywhere it goes, not one 
A WORK AND TIME SAVER. What a work and time saver in the kitchen! I ve never tried to calculate the number of hours I ve spent in front of 
decent quality for the price. I bought it in sale price here, certainly worth 20 i paid for it, I wish it had 3 side zip, i wanted to use 
Great dishes. This is an excellent product. At first I thought the plantes were too big but after using them, I really like them. The color is quite elegant  
Does the job well. The filter makes me happy because it keeps my office from becoming dusty. Since this is the only filter you can buy for this product, it 
great durable dog toy. The cost and shipping was a little high as I thought the two pet toys I ordered would be shipped in the same shipment and they 
Simply the Best. This is a great pan. Aside from the fact that it is easily the best non-stick on the market and I have used Anolon, Calphalon and Scanpan 
Excellent product. This really neutralizes not only cat box pet odors, but musty closet odors, cooking odors, etc. without leaving a fakey, perfume-y cover up scent - it s completely 
nice lamp. however we had to travel over 100 miles to get to the target location, only for it to be oos- out of stock.., much easier to purchase online 
Perfect Tuna Melts at Your Fingertips Thanks to Superior Non-Stick Griddle Pan. For the single household, I think is a wonderful griddle pan perfect for making French toast, grilled cheese 
Having a party with fiestaware. My mom started my collection of Fiestaware for me, because I needed good dishes.I decided to start with the Sea Mist and the Rose colors, 
Great Review and Long lasting. When the person got the flowers she really liked them. She talked and talked about them. She also was suprised in a good way how 
Nice, but oval. I purchased this dish as a gift for my wife, thinking that it would be a decent sized round vegetable dish. It is not. Although you cannot 
This is a great machine!. With all respect to the negative reviews here, look to the reviews at coffeegeek.com - they reflect a more balanced -- and overall positive -- 
Great for holding bananas!. I ve been using a banana hammock for years. Banana hammocks offer great support containing the banana, and I was thoroughly satisfied. The Euro Banana Holder 
Best Value for the money, as well as a timeless style. We ve had this set for twenty years this fall. The set looks as good as the day we 
And it really works?!?. Kone does a great job thanks to very powerful suction.It s been especially good at picking up pet hairsalong crevices. It s easy to clean and 
Great spacesaver. These jars are a great spacesaver if you have limited room. The set includes a shaker inner-cap on all of the bottles, as well as several 4 or 
Wonderful fiesta go along...... I hesitated to use these mugs when I first received them. Now I use them exclusively as our everyday mugs. They are a nice heavy weight 
just right. Between this and the longer turner and a set of tongs I have all of my food flipping needs taken care of... The WMF PP line is well 
best basic cat toy. All of my cats love fur mice, they even growl over them. They re an inexpensive, simple toy but the cats always enjoy them a lot. 
Love it!!!. I first started looking for a new vacuum when my Eureka died after 3 months of light use thank a lot, Consumer Reports! . I m not sure 
AMAZING. We replaced our middle-line, pillowtop mattress after 9 1 2 years with this mattress. We were a bit nervous, buying a mattress without testing it out first, but what 
It s a iffy chance. This looks aewsome and it was when I got it.. but the material is so fragile that while I first got it running it leaked 
Festive yet Functional Fiesta Dinnerware. Just to look at this lovely dinnerware makes me happy. But to be able to use it daily in the microwave, the dishwasher, and to 
Waring blendors are the best. My Grandmother had a Waring Blendor. My Mother had a Waring Blendor. Why did I have to BUY one instead of borrowing one of theirs? 
Great Pet Fountain with filter. I purchased this for my brother who has two cats and also has cerebal palsy. I was worried that he would have trouble assembling it 
Works out pretty well... This is our 4th trashcan in less than 3 years. We ve spent more with bad results so overall I am pleased. Unlike other reviewers I 
Good Cookeware. Bought this item for my daughter and she loves it. Threw away her old stuff because of this. Says in makes cooking enjoyable  
early warning system. This device makes it possible to know when someone is at my door before the door knock or bell. If The music is too high or the 
Not a jack of all trades, but a master of one. Where s my Ipod plug in?Far too often today s machines are called upon to offer much more than 
Microwave Cover. The cover works great for me. It prevents splatter in the oven and the food warms faster with the cover. I am happy with the product  
Awesome!!. Totally satisfied with this product. Does everything itsaid it would. Makes jerky in record time and the gun andspices were great extras. Well worth the money if you areinterested 
Very satisfied!. I received my order in only a few days and was very pleased, not to mention you can t beat the price  
A good value. This pot rack is great. It s easy to assemble and mount and has hooks that detach so you can arrange things the way you want. There 
Amazing!. How could anyone not want this pillow?! It s so amazing! Don t you just hate it when one part of your pillow is a different temperature than another 
IF YOU HAVE SHAVE BUMPS YOU NEED THIS PRODUCT!. I buy this product religiously and it s AMAZING. It does not smell too great but, if you shave your bikini 
This Machine Is Awsome !. My old machine was a Starbucks Barista. Had for 3 Years before steam nozzle broke. Worked fine for a home machine, or so I thought! 
ALMOST perfect. I tried the awful Brookstone mug warmer. Then I got this Rival. It is MUCH better than the Brookstone. It keeps my tea ALMOST as hot as I 
pretty happy............. i have hard wood floors throughout my whole house except for bedrooms . therefore really wanted something nonrechargeable. i didn t want to have to stop in the 
Love the style! Perfect size!. The lid fits perfectly, unlike the 4 canister set. Just the right size for about 2 dozen cookies. I m very pleased with this purchase 
These knives are a dream!. I purchased a slightly larger set a few months ago and am absolutely in love with them! I originally bought Kitchenaid because I wanted to 
From a wet-dry to 2 XP2 s. I have a 100 gallon tank and I paid 500.00 for a wet dry system that everyone swore would be my last and 
Great Lid. I love this lid for my small pressure cooker. When I have pepared my pressure cooked foods, I replace the pressure lid with the glass lid to keep 
Love It. I have owned the large BGE for over 6 years and love it. The steaks are amazing cooked at 700 degrees and all the meat comes out moist. 
Excellent item. It worked exactly as I expected. It pounded my Chicken to the point I should practically see through it if I wanted. I put the chicken in a 
Use for casseroles, cakes, or roasting. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other quality products. These cooking vessels are cast from molten iron poured 
A great idea by LG. I bought one of these last week and so far I am very happy with it. The microwave works well and is easy to use. 
Le Creuset Best Quality Behind The Name!. If you are familiar with the Le Creuset brand you will already know the quality. This is fantastic quality cookware. The beauty of 
Outlast WORKS!. I don t know how anyone could think that the outlast material isn t working. ..of course it has been significantly tested and proven that it works. At 
Sharp knife, nice handle. The knife is very sharp. It glides through onions. The handle is tacky and has a nice feel. Easy to grip. I also have a more 
High quality. This grill is the top of the line. If you love to grill with charcoal this is a grill for you. The money you spend on this is 
It actually works well. I bought one for litter box area, and it does reduce eliminate those lingering odors. It does require almost daily refills of water  
I love it!. I love it! My kids and I had it open 10 minutes and ordered another one for my mom!!  
A nice upgrade. After 20 years with 2 Russell Hobbs pots, this avid tea drinker was looking for a replacement, finally. I had hoped for another Russell Hobbs, but didn 
Great Filter. Love this product, just wish Amazon would stop increasing the price. A filter should not cost almost as much as the actual unit itself  
Serving tea the Royal Albert way!. I received the first tray in the mail and one of the tiles had a crack in it. I called customer service and they 
Great coffee, bad math. Sometime between my apartment in college and the first move to my first real pad, my 4-cup Krups automatic drip gave out. I didn t drink 
Smart & Stylish Dinner Plates. Handsome, classic detail, square shape lends detail that round lacks. Perfect backdrop for any meal in the sandstone color, looks rich and inviting on any 
Holds more than water!. This is a beautiful and decorative addition to any kitchen. It makes a great flower vase! See the customer photo. Suggested by Le Creuset Outlet, Vacaville, 
Amen... Finally.... Really Does the Job... NO CRAP . Amen....Finally a product that is more reliable than expected. I had the round-up and it was just another mess. I actually 
Coffee pot cleaner. I have used this cleaner in my coffee pot and the cleaner works very well. You have to follow the instructions that are given. This is a 
sparkling silver. I purchased this silverware becasue it never needs polishing and it looks like i spent hours polishign it when I set the table even though I didn t 
sheets. they feel nice and are a beautiful color, if a little different from the picture. I m happy with the  
WOOOOOWWWW. I have used the same dish ware for the last 15 years and haven t really been looking for anything new. Then I saw this collection and I just 
I love my Tassimo!. My boyfriend surprised me with this for my birthday and I could not have asked for a better present! The machine was very easy to set 
Great for Bathroom!. I bought this for my older apartment that doesn t have a fan in the bathroom. It does an excellent job of keeping the bathroom air fresh 
Rival Chocolate Fountain. The fountain was easy to use and a big hit at the weddin  
Pretty good bang for the buck. This was dirt cheap and I guess being clearanced. For it s price, I can NOT complain!!! It gets the job done. I can 
No more burned fingertips. One of these is perfect for my two-ounce espresso shot. And the double glass keeps the heat away from my fingers  
Another great Global knife. This knife is great for hard cheeses, I can cut them without the slices crumbling to pieces. It feels very comfortable and sturdy in my hand 
Better than most at an affordable price...... The machine runs exactly as advertised and as many reviews stated the coffee carafe does have to pour slowly or it dribbles down 
Excellent Choice!. My chair arrived last night and we had it put together in less than 1 2 hour - very easy assembly. The fabric is a little darker and 
I love my egg poacher!. I make up a batch of poached egg whites every week and take them to work for breakfast. So fast - 2 minutes and you 
Very Nice Chair. This chair was very easy to build and included all tools needed to put together. It is very comfortable and the high backrest with ergonomic lumbar support 
Satisfied with these pillows. We have used these pillows for quite a few years now. We only replace them because of hygiene considerations. The pillows themselves do not flatten down 
Digital Thermometer. I bought this thermometer for my son s science project. For the price, it was well worth it. It was used to get the temperature of soda and 
Cuisinart Utensils. What more can you say. You get what you pay for. These pots and pans are excellent and are very easy to handle. You will not be dissapointed 
Throw away your tea kettle. Near-instant boiling water, can set it down anywhere, perfect performance  
nice whisk, but wrapped. I have some nice nonstick cookware that I needed whisks for, so I got these. My main reasons for choosing them were the brand, and the 
perfect for small whole-grain meals ready when you need them. My husband gets up by 5 am and I... well, I don t! : I bought this unit to make 
Best mop ever made!. This mop is the best I have purchased. We have ceramic tiles and they are a little difficult to get into the grout areas. This mop 
Wonderful product. I love this pan! I was looking for a new one, as my Calphalon pan was no longer flat on the bottom, even though it was not very 
No burn. I ordered this for my daughter. Aside from the fact that the heat factor surpasses others I found researching Internet sites, it has both a ring to hang 
Great product. We bought this because we life in Wisconsin. That is to say, we close up the house and plastic over most of the windows in order to keep 
Great china. This china is excellent. We use it as our everyday china, but it looks formal enough to use for company. It is extremely sturdy. My husband used to 
A peaceful little gurgle.. I bought this fountain to replace another, larger fountain. It was very easy to assemble, and I added some of my own stones and crystals. As 
Copperhill Copper Cleaner. Best copper cleaner I have ever used. I went on line to find the product after being given a sample at a local cooking store  
Leaks initally, but not forever. I bought this particular filter and faucet mount for a couple of reasons. First, I had something called chlordane in my water an insecticide and 
Wonderful Towels. These are my favorite towels. I pass up any other towels in my linen closet to use these. They re thick and soft and wonderful  
I love it - no plastic!. We have gotten concerned about non-stick coatings so we switched to stainless. After buying my last teflon pan that contained the warning about not 
This is great for kids cereals!!. I bought this food dispenser because my boys like sugary cereal and I like to mix Cheerios into their cereal to make it healthier. 
good choice at this price. This is a pretty good vacuum cleaner. If you have a limitted budget and your floor is covered by carpet, I can suggest this product. 
NEW EVERYDAY DISHES AFTER 20 YEARS!. I m sure that you will love this set as much as my family and I do!Each piece is durable and good looking! My 
Lots of fun and play for the price. This has lots of play possibilities in all the areas, and my two cats love it. I imagine that it is better 
Practical. I bought this burner for my son who is in the Air Force. He works the mid shift and does not have time to go to the mess hall 
MULTIPLE USE BOWL. THIS 2 QT BOWL HAS MANY USES . I USE IT FOR MIXING , SERVING AND BAKING. IT IS WONDERFUL FOR MACARONI AND CHEESE , ALSO HAVE 
Great size. My only gripe would be the thickness. If that dimension was in the description, I probably would not have bought this. I just use a towel underneath it 
Thank goodness for Corelle!. I have carpal tunnel in both hands and am pretty sick and tired of my heavy old IKEA dishes. My sister bought this set for me 
Good Ice Cream!. We found the ice cream maker itself very good and reminded us of the models available that we used in the 70 s. The only complaint was 
If it doesn t annoy the dog, make it annoy the owner. I bought this bark stop because my neighbor has a pit bull that stays out 24 7 barking, 
great. This worked liked a champ. Doing everything it said it would do. The only reason I did not give it a five is that there are numbers 1 through 
Perfect!. I found this on line 2 days ago and read all of the reviews about having a hard time finding it. I thought I would take a shot in 
Undercounter spice cabinets. Bought two cabinets. Was enough to hold all my spices. All the jars are now right at hand, and then fold up out of sight when I 
Used every other day for 2 years. I eat a breakfast sandwich every single morning and it calls for a poached egg. I bought this one because it was inexpensive 
Nothing spectacular but it works. I got 2 of these 3 weeks ago and now it is selling for 5 less which is very annoying. That aside, I was happy 
sheet set. Love the color on these purple sheets. they wash up well. would highly recommend  
Grind is consistent; Quieter than others. I ve gone through a number of grinders over the years and am hoping that this kitchenaid will last longer than others. The grind 
great for rugs in between vaccuuming. I have a four month old daughter, and finding time to vaccuum it scares her if she s awake, and wakes her if she 
A wine oh s dream. Easy and fast to use. Well constructed.No more glass chips with this baby.Lots of accessories included.Luv it  
Love it. Love the knife. The handle is a little thin, but that hasn t bothered me at all. I love that it s all metal, and all one piece. 
Fantastic. This is by far the best online purchase I have ever made. It works perfect, just as advertised  
Personal Electronics Power Station. Great idea! Gets rid off the electric cord mess and gives you the perfect spot to keep everything while charging and storing without misplacing. Not quite 
Love this item. The vase contains special color effects within the flower cuts that are beautiful in the light. Especially effective is placement in a sunlit window where the colors 
Works alright for me!. This crock-pot works pretty well for me...It s easy to clean and I haven t noticed that the high low setting are the same temp, but 
Great design, a lot of value for the cost!. This is certainly a rather expensive product, but in terms of design, rugged construction, peformance and value for cost, this item 
great for the value. i own the spin and save containers and hated them. The lids did not fit and my husband took the containers to work for lunch and 
Great Wash Clothes!. Although these are not #1 Quality towels, for the money, they are absolutely fabulous! Soft, rich and absorbent. Very nice quality and I ve had many compliments 
Newest Version Continues To Do The Job. We owned a second generation Ice Tea Pot for 6 years without complaint, but even the best things wear out over time. The 
Flipfold Review. This product is a wonderful incentive to get kids folding laundry. My girls ages 9 and 7 love to use it. However, as with anything it gets a 
Happy thus far. I received my Reconditioned Waring Juice Extractor today. So far, so good.I ve wanted to have a juicer for a long time, but was discouraged becasue of 
Very good absorption for the no longer a good value! . I really like these training pads. The gel is pretty absorbent for the cost. I would recommend these.Revision: I, 
Makes cooking a joy. We live in a RV Coach and I love to cook. Space is sometimes a problem, so I have used many different types of coil burnes, 
Like butter. I don t know about ergonomic. It just seems more thickly padded, and that s a good thing. The ease and smoothness of use is a revelation after 
My 4 cats love it! 216 oz size . I was concerned from other reviews that it might be too noisy-after the pump fills and starts the waterfall, it is 
Fiesta Persimmon Medium Canister, 2 Quarts. I love it.The lid doesn t always close enough to hid the white rubber seal.Other than that it is great  
Just enough air circulation. I bought this fan for my desk at work.have been using the fan the just about every day and it provides enought air circulation to keep 
so far so good. For me--an adult already knowing how to sew on big machines, this was marketed as a kid s learn to sew sewing machine, but I bought 
Hot Fries, Get Your Hot Fries!!. Great appliance. Stainless steel exterior on the heating chamber makes cleanup a snap. The removable heating element, and ceramic coated oil container make cleanup 
Hard use, loved it, want another!. I have a day care and we use this sweeper multiple times a day. We love it! It s so perfect for quick pick 
Efficient, powerful, and fun!. I have been researching vacuum cleaners for months now. My criteria: light weight I have stairs in my house , bagless, hose attachments, under 100. My 
Nice kids pillow. My son loves it very nice. It is a nice gift for ages below 5. It got a good shape, nice grip to hold  
Bargain-hunter s Dream. This knife block has ample capacity plus a built-in sharpener. Knives of all kinds can be stored. Construction is solid and durable, with non-skid pads on its 
Don t ignore the fine print. This blender looks pretty nice, it is small, and it requires less cleaning than traditional blenders. It is also higher quality than other one 
Milkshake makers. The quality is very nice and it is easy to use. The grandkids love it  
THE BEST CAT TOY!. Our 3 cats LOVE da Bird . We special ordered it b c we can t get it at our petstore & our cats absolutely love 
Quality Aquascaping at an affordable price. When I first read about this product I was intrigued but when I actually bought and installed it I was in a word, mesmerized. 
Top quality clean smoking wood. While this is among the more expensive smoking wood I ve purchased it is easily the best quality. Few of the pieces have any bark 
GREAT WAFFLES using hints from unhappy cooks... Last weekend my niece and I went out to find a waffle iron for my sister s birthday. My sister makes waffles at 
Perfect. These are so adorable! The patterns are too cute, and they can be mixed and matched just like boring cups and saucers. They even make me happy when I 
World s Best Really Is The Best!!!. I have a multi-cat household, and after trying several different litters, I can tell you that this litter tops them all. It is 
Nicer than we expected. For the price, this bread box can t be beat. It s larger and roomer than we thought it would be - just right for bread, 
LOVE IT!. This has been the perfect purchase for my baking and cake decorating needs. I can t believe what a great job it does in mixing my decorators frosting. 
fuggeddaboutit. Hair all ovah? sick of sweepin??? fuggeddaboudit. And Don t listen to that wuss who complained about the hair flyin in her face. What a wuss. All ya haffta 
Brikka 2-Cup. I agree with Daigo and others that the Brikka I only have the 2-cup model makes a really nice caf that, while technically not espresso, is very, very 
love these towels. they re just perfect. nice and thick and thirsty, just the way i like e  
You want good food, and enjoy making it?. Firstly, gotta love T-fal s non-stick surfaces which are really durable and easy to clean. The colours on this range are really 
No more messy wires!. I purchased 2 of these units in hopes of organizing the endless pile of wires. Between the cell phones, Bluetooths, Gameboys etc. it sure did the 
Cool. These glasses are exactly what I hoped they would be. Cool, fun and different. I won t be reserving these only for martinis!  
great for crepes and eggs. nothing sticks to this pan. Even the first crepe is perfect  
Beautiful Tray Great Price. I was looking for a Black Tray, I found it on Zak Designs, when the Tray arrived, OH My Gosh, Is so Beautiful Much Better Than 
Better than I expected. These little knives are great. I was desparate for a sharp knife, so I took a chance. I would not give them up for twice the 
worth the price. My old carafe had broken, and I was looking for a replacement. This was the only one available and in stock. Although I thought it was a 
These bags are the only way to go. If you have a handheld Dirt Devil vac, these bags are really the only good option. And, they are hard to find 
Should be a terrific sharpener. I currently own a sharpener similar to the one above that I bought years ago at a farm fair and they do a terrific job 
Maybe TOO good of suction. This thing really does have awesome suction ... but maybe too much. When using the hose with attachments, there is SO much suction that the 
Awesome!!. Not an animal person myself, but I bought this for my aunt, the dog lover. She said her dogs go crazy with this thing for hours. The other reviews 
Nice product!!. Previously I owned a Nissan Thermos Stainless steel 16 oz. backpack Vacuum bottle with a flip lid. The plastic bottom broke when I dropped it. I try to 
Butterfly NapkinHolder. Overally satisfied with the product. It has a delicate design and elogant outlook  
It takes Bling, but well worth it !!!. Does everthing it says it does! Makes great smoothies and all the frozen drinks you can think of. Yes, you can blend 
SOFT!. Fluffy, soft, and thick! Definitely a good buy for yourself or as a gift.Very absorbent, too  
Great Floor Lamp. I m very satisfied with this floor lamp. The light is a warm glow. It seems to stand level. I ve noted in other reviews that some 
New Favorite Pan. I had looked at the oval saute pan for quite awhile. I m a Rachel Ray fan, so I d seen her use it too. Frequently I 
Very nice for the price. After looking at local stores and at more expensive brands on line, we decided to take a chance on these. I am glad we did. 
great!. these are great! they hold a lot more than my old hampers, and seem very sturdy. the do collapse with weight ie a mis-aimed shirt or a cat attempting 
Bar &amp; Wine Enthusiast. The photo above does not do this item justice. When my Metrokane Complete Bartender arrived I was blown away by how beautiful it is in person. 
doggies love it. Great value for the money. There are other kennels out there built as well, but they cost twice the money. This kennel is well made and the 
This toy is a MUST for cat owners!. I have two kittens which are spoiled rotten and have more toys than they can ever wish for. This is by far 
Sexy Knives. These knives are gorgeous! They really are sexy. Every one is forged from one solid piece of high-carbon German stainless steel. There are no other pieces attached to 
nice product, but a complaint. I bought this as a present for someone, and so did not see the state when it arrived at the recipient s door. When this 
Perfect Gift. I bought this for my son s new mother-in-law for Christmas. It was perfect. Beautifully painted with no detail untouched. It was shipped promptly and arrived in excellent 
Better than professional sharpening!. BUY THIS PRODUCT IF YOU EVER PLAN ON USING A KNIFE.I have a decent set of Henckels that I bought about 4 years ago. I ve 
Hilda Loves It!. It s Grrrreat, according to Hilda! She constantly brings each of her Kongs 5 of em trying to get me to Stuff N Liver Paste them  
Excellent product - Excellent Price. My wife and I had been planning to replace the blender that was a wedding present from nearly 40 years ago. When we came across 
Excellent all purpose mop. I have tile floors and two pets and this mop keeps my floors in great condition! When you have 2 young children and a dog who 
Mission Natural CD Tower is Wonderful. This is functional, yet very nice to look at and is extremely easy to put together. It holds alot of DVD s or CD 
Excellent product, highly recommend. This is a very well made pan. The interior and exterior has a smooth non-stick finish. I used the recipe that comes with the pan and 
Great buy. Got this piece as a fast solution and turned out works so well that i never went to buy a steel one as i had planed.The lid works 
Tight fitting lid, nice window but one little problem... Maybe I did not read the directions and was too eager to start using them but I washed and rinsed the 
Solid. Excellent because: red light that stays on when plugged in safety , large surface area to grab on to, fits well in most spaces, adjustable leg works as expected 
Bodum Chambord French Press coffee maker. I am delighted with the performance of this product coupled with the Bodum coffee grinder: efficient, easy to use and to clean. An excellent 
essential equipment. essential to keep your cat odors locked away. I panic if I run out of replacement filters because that means I m back to the daily grind of 
Fiesta Periwinkle is beautiful. This has been my favorite color. It is just the right shade to beautifully coordinate with all the blue designs in my Polish pottery. My kids 
I have two!. Strange...one has the kitchenAid Emblem & the other looks exactly as pictured. Both are Onyx black.I do prefer the one pictured...I purchased at Target. The most comfortable 
Great little heater. I use this heater to heat our sun porch turing the spring and fall, as well as take the chill out of the basement for my morning 
Large Oxo Salad Spinner. I am very pleased with my new salad spinner. It can hold a large amount of salad, which means I do not have to reload and 
Super Mini Fridge. I bought this fridge for my husband for his room . It has worked out great. It doesn t take up much room and keeps the drinks 
Would be lost without this now!. I have the Melitta One coffeemaker and have tried all the java pods. I add just a touch of cream to the coffees and 
No Such Thing as Too Big!. Not only good for hot beverages, including that caffeine-overdose-sized morning coffee, these mugs also make great soup, chili, ice cream and cereal bowls! Add 
good product. I really enjoy this product. They work great and are so easy to use. They make canning so much easier.  
Nice Cutting Board. This is a very functional cutting board. Used it to replace a wodden cutting board I d been using for years. My only complaint is that there 
AZ Chef. I recieved this knife set as a gift and at first was very pleased with it. The product claims to be dishwasher safe, but after cleaning them in 
Great value but not perfect. The cookie jar is very nice and was a very good price. The lid fit is a just a bit off, so that it does 
Cuisinart Chef s Classic 10 in. open skillet. It is everything I wanted. Seems to be sturdy except the bottom scratches easily. Should last for years. I find it to 
Lot s of fun!. Got this fryer for Christmas and it is great. Oil draining system is so helpful to keep it clean and I like how you lift out 
Casserole. This is a large casserole but quite wide and flat- great for somethings like paella but not good for anything very runny or requiring long slow cooking. It is 
great desk!. I bought this desk with the hutch. The assembly is super super easy on this desk. It looks great and is very sturyd and solid. My only complaint 
POLDER STEP STOOL WITHOIUT RAIL. THIS STEP STOOL IS VERY HANDY FOR REACHING HIGH SHELVES IN KITCHEN CABINETS AS WELL AS FOR MANY OTHER USES. IT FOLDS VERY COMPACTLY FOR 
Big glasses for big reds. Really big red wines deserve a really big glass. The Reidel Magnum has just the right capacity and design to let that big red open 
Perfect!!!!. These are the cutest salt & pepper shakers ever! I had read that they were way to small and required frequent refills. However, unless you prefer the taste of 
Great sheets. The thread counts makes the sheets thick and warm. The only thing I didn t like was the fact they re not perm a press. But I ll 
Excellent dishware. You just can t go wrong with Fiestaware. It s sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily from table to dishwasher to cabinet . And if my rough-on-dishes family 
Better than the powered ones... This is wonderful. I have arthritis and my sister got the litter maid, but that ended up having to be scooped on a regular basis 
Paying for the Convenience. I ve owned a Littermaid Mega for about 5 years and I really wish I had been able to buy this stand sooner. We have two 
Make Your Wine Look and Taste Better. For years I ve noticed that excellent restaurants all use Riedel glasses. Finally I gave in and bought some. I wish I bought 
Nice Product. I m very happy with this colander, it s well-made, durable, easy to clean and looks great  
Great HEPA filter. The Hunter 30901 Replacement Pre-Filter for the HEPAtech Quiet Flo Air Purifier is one of the best on the market. Use exclusively in our office building with 
Great. I have this bowl and the larger one. They are perfect bowls for mixing. The rubber base really helps the bowl stay put. I was them in the dishwasher 
Not Bad. Unlike other reviewers, I didn t have any problem putting this item together. While I ll admitt that the directions are poorly written, anyone with a little mechanical 
Storage Shelf with Translucent Bins. I love the colors of the bins and the fact that the shelf unit is white so it looks good in a girlie room. It 
Very nice product. I bought these for my husband, a single malt scotch lover, and he was extremely pleased with the product. The shape of the glass makes his scotch 
Wonderful!!!!. We tried littermaid and still use it in our motor home, but we absolutly LOVE the cat genie for our 2 spoiled and large cats. We would not only 
Wish I found this shower curtain sooner!. The hookless design of this shower curtain is GREAT, and because it is not as heavy as other curtains I have tried it 
Excellent quality and value!. Very luxurious sheets and affordable too! Would definitely recommend to family and friends  
Excellent for the , so many uses. Have had this pan for almost a year now. Use it 2 x week - still looks brand new. So many uses. Big 
Better Than I Thought. I used this fondue maker the day after I recieved it and I must say, I was surprised. It s a great fondue pot, it heats 
Beautiful board!. This board is beautiful, perfect size next to my sink, and so far has worn really well. It functions not only as a cutting board but a staging 
Great Mixer Superior Customer Service! A good choice for your kitchen. I really enjoy my Sunbeam mixer and use it FREQUENTLY! It is such a nice machine that both my 
Buy it!. Buy one. Get wicks on eBay. The startling noise referred to by other reviews is a rare glug-glug noise as the water enters the evaporative chamber to serve 
Love it!!. I was a little skeptical because of the affordable price but I gave this set a try and love it. The pieces are heavy enough to maintain a 
worked well despite the other reviews!. I was wary about using this pan after the bad reviews about pro form nordic pans, but my cake turned out very well! I 
fun sheets!. I love these sheets and my son does too! They had a funny smell when I first got them but after washing and drying them, it went away 
Wonderful coat rack for the money!. This is a solid product with 8 pegs 4 upper and 4 lower . I like the lower pegs because it s easy for 
KitchenAidKPCG100ER Pro Line Burr Coffee Grinder. This grinder was recieved and out of box worked flawlessly. Despite the many settings, all were consistant in grind and the power is incredible, 
It s CorningWare and it s great. This was a replacement piece that my wife broke.She loves it for making her home made au gratin potatoes  
When they finally come, they are nice. Too bad no photo -- cute as the dickens!Make SURE it says they are in stock when you buy them.I got two sets 
Ionic Pro extra collection blaeds. Glade we bought them. We do not smoke but are living in an apartment where our neighbors do. Smoke no longer is noticable in our 
Your pet s home. The Deluxe Slipper Bed is luxurious, washable, durable. Could have been helpful if Leopard print was available. If you chose this them I can tell you 
Fab. We love this, use it all the time. I think I d go with a sitting juicer next time, but husband prefers this one instead  
All-Clad Stainless Frying Pan. Can be a bit difficult to clean - but it s not non-stick so you can clean away without having to worry about removing the finish! 
use it daily. i recieved this rack for christmas and i love it it looks great and my 4 year old daughter likes to use it too the only thing 
I will never buy Tend Skin again!!!. I used Tend Skin for many years with mixed results. I recently ran out of Tend Skin and looked for it on Amazon. 
Efficient and clean iron. I truly enjoy using this iron. While it s difficult to find the Downy Wrinkle Releaser in the stores, I recently ordered the product from the 
BEATIFUL SET!! EXCELLENT QUALITY. I odered this item as housewarming gift, the box has open display of 5 piece hostess set and 5 piece place settings, you can see and 
Excellent vendor. The wok was promptly shipped with useful information. It appears to very good value. Highly recommended  
Doughnut Pan is the Best!!. Product arrived in good condition. Now I can bake 1 dozen doughnuts at 1 time. This is my second pan  
AVERAGE. JUST GOT THIS, WASHED OK, NO COLOR RUN. THE TOWEL HAS A PRICE TAG OF 13.95 ON IT. I PAID 19.99. WOULD BE A GOOD BUY FOR 13.95. VERY 
Best handheld vac I ever purchased. This cordless vacuum is by far the best I ve ever bought, and I ve had a few!The suction power is comparable to a 
Toastmaster. This item replaced an old heavy Toastmaster 4-slice Toaster Oven Broiler which still worked but the bake broil switch finally wore out. This unit had a timer and temperature 
Good product. It s a good product for the price. I wanted a cheap coat rack and this was the best deal 20 bucks I could find. The coat rack 
Holiday Dinnerware. The item is perfect and the service from Amazon was up to their exceptional standards  
9 Santa Fe Plates. These are vey festive and extremely well made. We have owned some of this stoneware for 2 yeares and it is durable and very attractive  
Inexpensive Flatware with an Expensive FLARE!. I love this flatware - It looks like super expensive silverware and is weighted perfectly  
Works well, relatively less noisy. I just started using one today and I like it compared to a couple of other ceramic heaters I have. This one is less noisy, 
Nothing else like it. Very unique in design, very convenient to use. However, feel it s priced too high for the quality - I was expecting it to be glass, 
Finally! Crispy Waffles!. This is the 2nd waffle iron I ve purchased and I am SO happy with it. My waffles come out perfect every time. They are crispy on 
Batali Lasagna Pan is Best. The Mario Batali lasagna pan is the best pan I ve used. It is extra deep so it holds really thick layers of all the 
Ed in Memphis. The Riedel O Chardonnay is just the right size for informal gatherings with friends. It holds just the right amount too. A little more generous than the 
Not only functional but attractive on your countertop, too!. I have gone through a couple of dishracks before this one which were terrible. They would discolor, were difficult to wash, 
:D. I looove this mug. Its such a beautiful shade of red, very nice looking. Also, these mugs are huge. One of mine already has a chip on it, but 
simple and effective. This is exactly what I wanted to get: a kettle for my wife to use at work, that she can scrub out to keep it clean. It 
A high quality towel. It s a towel. Not too much to say, for more information, read the Hitchhiker s Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams.Very good quality, resiliant, 
Wonderfull Accent Fiestaware Trivet. I love the color and design of this trivet. I use it as a spoon rest and for hot casserole dishes. It is dishwasher safe and 
A very useful product!. If you believe in preping ingredients before you cook, as I do, these bowls are extremely handy, particularly as they each have a line inside that 
Mogu 3 chamber pillow. This is the best pillow I have ever had !!!! Better than memory foam. I used to have a lot of pain in my neck. With 
Georgeous color. The color is quite pretty under food and garnishes show up nicely. This is a nice size for serving about anything for a smaller dinner party  
The product arrived on time and packaged well. Quick delivery and my order arrived without damage. Thank you  
Good little machine for the price!. I ve owned one of these for a few weeks now, and I have to say it s really a nice little machine. It 
Perfect bowl for me. I have owned this bowl for 2 years, and absolutely love everything about it. It s sturdy, but fairly light weight which makes it easy to 
Perfect!. Love it. It s a solid, simple yet elegant butter dish!And I m picky with butter dishes... :  
dogbones neckbones chiropractic neck pillow, lava. Filling material is too heavy which may be improved to make it less hard  
automatic pet feeder. The feeder is a well-made battery operated item that automatically opens when the pet is to be fed. It is easy to operate and once it is 
New and Old World Baking. I have searched for a long time for the perfect baking pan size suitable for American AND European recipes. This one is just right. Besides 
Great Stews. Although I have no background to vouch for any ethnic authenticity of this product I was almost thrown out of Williams Sonoma when I asked the lady if 
Keeps grease in the pan better than typical screens. A passionate home cook that has been honing her cooking skills for the last 25 years writes this review. My favorite 
Great Product. This item came really fast. I ordered in on monday and it came on tuesday. Its a great vacuum. The sucking power is amazing. My carpet feels new 
Best slow cooker!. I love this item! I used it a couple of times already and the chicken was the best that I ever had! I couldn t believe that 
great gift. gave this jewelry cleaner as a gift to a very fussy jewelry cleaner person, she loved it, said it did a great job  
Handy item. Be it chicken or some other meat product, nothing chops better than this Santoku cleaver. I love it - very handy to have  
Good Item at a Good Price. Just what I was expecting and easy to install  
satisfied customer. Ove Glove is great -- everything they say it is. My husband is the chef. It was my Valentine s Day gift to him and he s happy 
Great Match. Even when I bought the Fiestawere Cinnabar creamer I loved it right away, but to order the Cinnabar Covered Suger Bowl from a nother seller and have them 
Great Product. I purchased this heater for our beta who lives in a 1 gallon jar; note the heater is spec d for 2 to 5 gallon containers. During the 
Furi Coppertail Knives Rule. As a fan of the Food Network, I was drawn to Rachel Ray s Furi knives. I decided to opt for the all stainless knives since 
No it doesn t suck!. Pretty much everything that Justin says here is not true. Yes, it s made of cardboard, but what do you expect for 6? Not 10, 
JUST GREAT. JUST RECEIVED THIS ITEM AND IT IS SO SIMPLE TO USE, DON T NEED TO USE LARGE OVEN ANYMORE FOR SMALL ITEMS WORKS JUST GREAT . ORDERD SECOND 
Don t spend more for that other brand - these are great!. I bought a set of these glasses for my husband for Christmas after debating a long time between 
Good Braising, Browns Very Well, Not Heavy At All. I did a lot of checking and lifting of various dutch ovens casseroles stew pots by Le Creuset, Staub, Emeril Lagasse, 
Best Sleep Aid !!. Our cats used to wake us up early in the morning when they wanted to be fed. Now they jump out of bed when they hear 
Just Right. This is a great kitchen tool, can t imagine one better. The price is right also  
Gift. This was a gift for my Mother who was looking for a Flan Pan. She was very happy with the item. She said it was well made and of 
Oldie but goodie. I have been using a West Bend stir crazy since they were first introduced. I have had a variety of poppers over the years, but this one 
So Comfortable. I placed this product over my memory foam mattress topper, and it added a dimension of comfort that brings a sigh of happiness every night. I m not 
Feliway helps with a number of Feline issues. I have a Alpha Male in a house with 3 other cats. The Feliway helps with his spraying and his agressive behavior. 
Handles what others can t!. We have gone through 4 blenders in the last 18 months. We are consumers of high quality products and usually do our research. Each and 
A must have. If you have the 12 cup Bodum coffee press, you are making some of the best coffee you ll ever taste. Be sure and get the replacement 
A good purchase, especially for the price!. I agree with other reviews here. This item was sturdy and easy to assemble. All the tools are included and it only takes 
Good product. This is a good product. It is amazing how good the water tastes! The price is decent too. Only wish the filters were not that expensive  
Excellent quality for the price. These towels are a good buy for the price. Nice quality.  
remarkably durable. I love this knife so much I was amazed no-one had reviewed it before! It s dirt cheap, sharp as anything and stays that way for a long, 
love it!!. No more washing the steam nozzle!! this works so well and so fast. It is one of the best i spent  
This beast really cooks .... This monstrous beast is the largest piece of cookware that we own. Once I manage to wrangle it out from the cupboard and heft it 
great convenience!. What a great convenience to be able to find, and order my humidifier filters on your site! It is so nice not to have to traipse all over 
attractive and handy. I have two of these, one in yellow and one in a discontinued sea greeny color. They re attractive, of course; this is Fiestaware, after all. But 
seems ok for the price and small size.. I am new to sewing machines. This is my very first one. I bought this just to do a few small jobs 
Krups 867-42 II Caffe Bistro 10-Cup Coffee 4-Cup Espresso Maker. I am really pleased with this machine. It makes a wonderful cup of regular coffee and using it for espresso 
Fiesta Ware Teapot-Plum. I was pleasantly surprised at how fast the item was found, and then sent to me. It came in the factory sealed box and was well packed. 
Excellent sheets. This is the second set of Pinzon sheets I ve ordered and they re both absolutely wonderful. I ve compared them to 600, 500, and 400 thread count 
Great item. This is a wonderful item. Very durable and looks great in the kitchen and on the table.  
Nice Product. Good looking, well made, nice feel and heft.....what else can you ask for  
Where have youy been all my life?. I love this bedspread. It is the perfect weight  
They do the job. Not much to be said about this product. Just watch for a low price and then stock up  
Hercules Hooks. Works as advertised.Can not be used if wall stud is directly behind use point.At roughly 1 per hook, a hammer and nail makes moresense  
GREAT product. This is a wonderful product for tea drinkers. It is so easy to use and the water is heated to the perfect temperature for a perfect cup of 
Great Little Fan. I use this fan in my cubicle at work.It matches the Black phone and black lamp and looks professional.More importantly, it is reliable and consistent and keeps 
Nice Linen Kitchen Towels. I have not had the chance to use these as yet, but was impressed with the quality and color.  
Classy Ice Bucket. I purchased the wine cooler and ice bucket as gifts for my mother-in-law. I was surprised by how light in weight they were which was a good 
Great size. I have many uses for white floursack towels around my kitchen, but primarily I pull out a clean one each night and tie it on as an apron 
I d give this 10 stars if I could!. Any Tommy Hilfiger Collection bedding is just amazing! These are the softest sheets and covers I have ever used. For 400 
Such high quality, it s a joy to use these knives. I love to cook and have tried many, many different kitchen knives. I visit kitchenware stores wherever I go, 
Best ice cream scoop ever. This is the best ice cream scoop ever well, spade . I ve had mine for 2 years now black version . No matter how 
I don t get it... I LOVE LOVE LOVE this coffee maker. It doesn t leak or drip. I can find absolutely nothing wrong with it, other than the lid 
LOVE this can opener!. I love this can opener. I m not a fan of electric openers and my old manual went into the trash, so I found this model 
Not bad. I like this toaster because it fits with my retro-themed diner kitchen. It stays cool. It is glossy candy-apple red. It s cute : It is a little 
Riedel Wine Series Glasses. The Wine Series by Riedel is one of the most stable and affordable glasses for everyday use. I would recommend Riedel to everyone.  
Much Better than the Breville ESP8XL it Replaced. This is a solid coffee machine. It makes great froth. Unlike a previous reviwer, I had no problems with the froth attachment. 
Big Mouth food processor. My husband got this to use at his German restaurant - he said he s tired of chopping everything by hand after 25 years! He loves 
no retractable cord!. other then that this is a pretty good vacume! sucks up everything, even shows you when the belt breaks! the cord holder swivels so that the cord 
Amateur Cook. I love to cook, but have tended to buy an eclectic assortment of cookware and then dispose of them after scorching or doing other damage. Having now used 
Amazing. This peeler really works. I don t ask how it works, it just does. Everyone should have one avoid having garlic smelling hands  
Convenient and Stylish. Great for fondue- heat coming from the bottom and sides of the crock does a better job of keeping dips warm than a pot with the heat 
Great skillet!. As with all cast iron once you have the iron well-seasoned initial seasoning seasoning from usage ,you will have a perfect heat conductor and a better than teflon 
A Great Carpet Sweeper. This sweeper does an impressive job of sweeping my carpet and it s definitely nice not having to plug it in! It was especially nice when 
Love it!. I bought this clock to go into the living room of my new home. It goes perfectly with the decor, and it adds a touch of style. Love 
water pillow. I have been very satisfied with the Chiroflow water based pillow. It is adjustable for firmness and supports the head and neck well. The directions are easy to 
Works great on pet hair. We have two cats, and the Zorb has more of an impact than I had thought it would. It is important to groom it into 
Soooo loud!. I had the previous model of this vacuum, and it was no where near this loud. This vacuum is so loud, I have to really need it before 
My cats love it - great product but a little difficult to refill. I have had this for about 3 years now and have been quite happy with it. I 
this thing is no joke. Wow. This vacuum works much better than its 30-year old predecessor of the same brand--quite a bit better. There s this old rug I have 
Recommended by Wusthof. I wasn t planning to buy an electric sharpener, but after reading a guide by Wusthof on honing and sharpening knives [...], I decided to go for 
Ecellent cookware. The Le Creuset 3-1 2 quart buffet casserole is the best piece of cookware I have ever purchased. The quality is apparent as soon as you grab it 
Spend your money on wine. This corkscrew is inexpensive. Spend the money you saved on a nice bottle of wine.The idea here is pretty simple. Screw in the corkscrew, pull 
Ideal gift for any wine enthusiast. I have prettier, bigger, and more expenseive wine openers but none of them match this Pulltap for being easy to use. The two stage 
A Lifesaver. Cheese sandwiches from the sandwich maker has become my daughter s default lunch. Before I bought this I was wracking my brain every day to come up with 
Toby is great. We love Toby, he is the cutest cookie jar. He has a very large belly that can gobble down a ton of cookies. Excellent detail work and 
Viva Fiesta!. I LOVE my Fiestaware & these bowls are a GREAT price! They are the cereal bowls that come in the 4 piece set.I think the other reviewer thought 
Love the plates, but color is questionable. I love the plates, however, they are not the sage green color as they appear in the picture. The color is more blue 
Fantastic French Fry Cutter. This kitchen gadget is as strong as if it were made of steel. It is made of molded plastic that is extremely sturdy--no bending or giving. 
amazing espresso!. This is a great espresso machine -- better than any I ve had before. It s very forgiving you don t have to be extra-careful about what grind 
Good looking enough I bought another one. But the Amazon price for the particular color was too good to pass up. Now I have 16 lb. capacity when weighting ingredients. 
Nice but not for gerbils. I would have given it 5 stars but my gerbils chewed the house up within a week or two and now after a couple of 
Peace at last!. I had so many barking dogs that I was feeling like shooting them. My rental business was suffering and the neighbors were enjoying their dog s disruption 
Beautiful, great quality. These linens are definitely worth the money. They are soft and beautiful. I love them and would buy them again and would recommend them to anyone.  
Black k& Decker 5-cup Pot. Just the right size for 2 people. 4 cups not quite enough, 5 cups just right. With this pot, however, and my previous one, when 
Absolutely Perfect!. The pot rack was just the right size and color. It looks great in my kitchen without creating a barrier between my kitchen and dining room. I love 
Not a Bad Product. Good heater for cold rooms app. 100 sq. feet more or less where you re going to leave it on all day. Be certain to keep 
Sturdy Pan. After the handle of my Revereware saucepan fell off, I researched alternatives and decided to try this one. I was happily surprised at the quality. I wasn t 
best manual can opener that has survived the years. I love this can opener! When we bought our 1944-built house in 1986 the same model was already attached to our 
Worth the wait. It took a month for me to receive these spoons but I am so happy with them that I don t care about the lengthy wait. The 
FINALLY an ice cream maker that does not take up my freezer. This is worth every penny and every inch of counter space it takes up. I make ice cream 
Nothing comes close... I bought this for my husband s birthday b c I watched him fumble each morning with the numerous lemons that are out there. Carafes that leak, 
Elegant In Its Simplicity. I guess as they say beauty is in the eye of the beholder but I find this nightstand esthetically pleasing. Its spare good looks are right 
Soft Towels...almost too nice to use!. These towels are really nice...very fluffly and soft....not as thick as I remembered my daughter s being but very soft....and pretty  
Fiesta Ware. I am a big fan of Fiesta ware. I love the variety of colors and the cheer they add to my dinner table. My husband even gets a 
Great for Smoothies & Baby Food!. I own the SmartPower Duet Blender Food processor in the while color. It works great for smoothies & shakes when you add enough liquid, 
I LOVE THIS BLANKET. I got one for Christmas In beige and loved it so much I ordered TWO green ones!It really is a 1 Adult person size though...So don 
Lenox Butterfly spice rack. Excellent timely delivery and condition of item!Thank yo  
Presto Pressure Cooker. After 35 years of ownership, my old aluminum Presto pressure cooker needed replacing. We bought the aluminum model because we felt it was a better value than 
Best darn Utensil holder ever!. We recieved this as a Wedding gift, and we love it! It really holds a lot of items. I think I have 20 in there. 
Color of wooden handle is lighter than expected. The knives arrived today and look great, but I am disappointed in the color of the handle. Amazon s picture makes it 
Sock mice kick butt!. I ve tried lots of mice with my cat. He s liked most of them more or less, but will spend hours playing with these. Like 
Wonderful honing rod for any knife, global or otherwise. As a professional chef, I have used quite a number of steels, and I must say that this is the best 
Great Pan. We have a lot of Le Creuset pans and decided to try Staub since they were such a great deal on line. This pan and the 3 other 
Best Meat Tenderizer - PERIOD!!!!. My dad used to call it a nickel steak.... Well, the Jaccard will make a nickel steak a great steak!!!! I like it because you 
Perfectly sized, easy to use. I was looking for a small-ish microwave that would fit on my counter top and still have a big enough capacity for making food. If 
The Best Mice on the Market. Eeks mice are great! Most catnip mice lose their flavor smell attraction for my cats pretty quickly, but my cats still play with an 
Wonderful Product. I received my ice crusher approx. 1 week ago and have absolutley used it everyday. It makes perfect size ice for soda and ice tea. Not what you 
Can t beat the price!. Have had these sheets for a couple of months and I am very satisfied with them. They are very soft and wash well. You won 
Basic coffemaker. I like the size of the cup. In regular store, you can only find 4-cup, which a little too small, or 8-cup, which is too big.It s not 
THE CUTEST AND BEST PILLOW. This is a great gift because there fun,cute,and usefull so when you come home from a bad day at school or work there alaways there.To 
Affordable Shave Ice Fun. My family has been using the Hamilton Beach Snowman Ice Shaver for a couple weeks now and we love it. I think it s one of 
Great buy. Finally, a steak knife with a solid feel and no flex in the blade. Heavy duty with a masculine feel  
Not bad at all!. The Krups XP 2070 has been in use at my household for about a month now, with no problems to speak of. We use the espresso 
I CAN T BELIEVE IT S A DUALIT TOASTER-GREAT!!!. I needed another toaster for our ski lodge. I ve used DUALIT chrome toaster for many, many years and just loved 
Moka Express. Perfect size for myself. No one else drinks espresso in my house. Just make sure to use a good coffee with it. I tried several and the taste 
great toaster & great look. After years of having boring white or black toasters this one is great looking. It even thinks for itself. You put the bread in and 
Adorable, classic...perfect!. We purchased the train bank as a gift for our nephew and we simply love it! It looks great on his bookshelf and it is something that he 
Great Air Pot. Your coffee will go stale much much sooner than it gets cold in this airpot. Coffee or tea keeps hot for hours, great for parties or if 
Nice to have & handy. This is a great idea for quickly wrapping around your coiled hose & hanging on a nail in the garage  
The Best--Period. This is the best, easiest waiter s corkscrew I ve ever used. My only qualm is that I ve seen it offered for much cheaper than 19.99.  
Works fine. This oil sprayer works just like it is supposed to, I think. However, I am dissatisfied with the whole concept. Spraying pans with oil doesn t keep bread 
Odd size. I have already used this pan several times in just a couple of months. It is fairly sturdy, but after careful use, it already has visible scratches on 
Fun with Fiesta. I just started collecting Fiesta Ware and this yellow covered butter dish is the perfect color for a butter dish! Looks great on my table along with 
Very cool vintage look. I ordered this clock for my kitchen and LOVE it! It has a great vintage feel to it and is a fun addition. It looks like 
Quality spatula. A little more money that the average spatula, but very nice. Another example of you get what you pay for  
Ice Tea Maker. It is everything I expected it to be. It makes great tea and does most of the work itself  
good price for good sheets. i won t say they are as comfortable as the 400-count cotton sateen sheets we got as a gift, but those were twice as expensive!these 
Good everyday glasses. I own Reidel Sommelier glasses, Reidel Vinum glasses, and Reidel Extreme glasses. I put these Rabbit glasses into the same category as the Vinums from Reidel; they 
FZ. I like it very much. Kettle is in a good working condition and it looks good in a kitchen with all stainless steel appliances. I would recomend to purchase 
ROOMY AND STURDY. i love these canisters, the best i have ever owne  
Great for those thin kids, bad for thick!. Shamu is ready for you to ride him! Be gentle though... he hates rough tubers and riders, he can t withstand heavy 
It s a Chicken Timer and It Works. As others say, it comes apart in shipping but you just put the halves back together. Then you have: A chicken timer.It 
Great for cleaning house!. I use these when I clean house - I have one for stuff that belongs in my son s room, 1 for stuff that belongs in 
Great look and Ample Storage. This is a very solid, well made, attractive piece of furniture. Very nice fit and finish - the swinging doors have dovetail joints and are 
3 out of 3 Differently Tempered Cats Like This. Long enough for gripping while thrashing with back claws, feathery and lightweight for batting about, and smells of catnip for attracting. 
Keeps it cold!. I use these for my children s snacks at school. They report that everything is nice and cold at snack time. The drinks, and sometimes string cheese, 
Love the product, It just make good food that much easier. The cups a great for soups and other dining liquids. The bowls are Great also. I take care of 
Works fine. Looks like that many people have problems with this model. We have two in the house, they work through whole winter and never had a problem with them. 
More durable than it looks. I could not tell from the picture on line the strength or durability until I opened the box when it arrived. It was excellent to 
It goes with anything. I purchased this item online in September of 2003 and while i have only used it once for entertaining I use the bowl all the time 
WORKS GREAT!. I purchased this item to make my morning smoothie and I am very happy w how it works. It is easy to use and you can take it 
Beautiful. This vase is beautiful. I m considering purchasing the matching hostess pieces to complete the set  
Very Sturdy!. I ordered this rack for my mother and hoped that the one and only review would be true. It was absolutely true. My mother is extremely happy with 
Really 4 3 4 stars. This unit is very easy to use and I would of given five stars if the unit would of been just a little bit bigger 
Quick and Easy. This little machine couldn t be quicker or easier. I put the bowl in my freezer overnight and made the simple vanilla ice cream recipe and had 
Krumkake. I love my new cookies s maker. It so easy to use and fast to get good cookies for dessert  
Hip Modern Functionalism?. Obvious words such as hip, trendy, and stylish can be thrown around to describe the set s sexy aesthetic. Easier to resuse and reseal than the plain 
I LOVE IT!. So nice and useful!. I can program for whatever time I want to. It s so easy to use and clean  
Easy to use. These are really easy to use, keeps things from slipping, and hold up in really high heat. I don t care whether they stay spotless or not, 
Crunchy Toast. The best surprise is the evenly toasted crunchy surface of the toast with just the right amount of moisture left in the center of the bread. I also 
Ultimate use. Let s face it, you make an effort to have your home clean and coordinated. Nice furniture and practical book shelves. But you do not live alone; there 
Great Sheets - Pesto was a little darker than it looked on screen. This is my second set of these kind of sheets and they are great. They are very 
Very handy!. This is a great product. Very quick to heat and I enjoy the dettachable base feature. The Cons include a limited amount to pour water into the unit 
very solid pillow. This pillow holds the heart shape better than I expected from some of the other reviews. We have been careful so that it does not burst because 
All humans owned by cats should know about this product!. I donate Feliway to our local Humane Society and have educated them on how to use it to reduce stress 
Kettle looks sharp and walks its talk. This beautiful kettle not only looks sharp, it heats water quickly because it has a flat bottom. So far it has not manifested 
Great ottoman. You can t beat the quality, especially for the price!!!!!!I.t looks and feels like real leathe  
you get what you pay for. Its cheap... You want to cook rice... it will cook rice... how complicated can that get?But dont expect perfection...The rice sticks to the bottom 
Relief...At Last! Amended Review . Like many people, I have ignorant neighbors that allow their yappy mutt to bark on and on and on. Despite talking to the neighbor politely 
Can t believe I waited this long!. I am 66 years old and have been married 38 years. We received a Le Creuset casserole pot as a wedding present...it has 
Does What I Need it to!. I use this scale for food preparation. Living the Weight Watchers plan, I find this scale is perfect for weighing and measuring food. Because 
Great little grinder. I was a little worried when I read all of the reviews for all of the grinders not just this one . Everyone was complaining about the 
Good deal!. Works great! Heats up a large amount of water very quickly and efficiently. Nice design. And not too pricey!  
Good but not great. I really like how it works with all my electronics ie. laptop, TV etc, but it s not really strong enough to work well on the 
God DAMN!!. over the years, i ve moved up the knife ladder one rung at a time -- from the cheapest of all cheapies the forever sharp serrated knife , 
a great glass for spanish wine lovers!. If you drink a lot of rioja or ribera del duero wines, don t pass up the opportunity to try them out of 
Excellent Fryer!. I made wonderful fried chicken in this pan! It has the perfect depth for frying, and an even heat distribution. I have also used it to make other 
Good heavy duty bakeware. I have owned this set for about 3 months now, and I have enjoyed them very much. They are very heavy and thick- and well made. 
Great Ice Tea drinking mug. Product is what it is...if you like having a jar shaped drinking mug this is the one to have. If your contemplating different designs let 
Worth every penny!. Perfect example of you get what you pay for. I love this trash can  
A wine preservation system that really works. The Keeper system has changed the way I drink wine. In the past I d hesitate to open a favorite bottle of wine, 
supercool. There is not a lot to say for measuring spoons, but they are super cool and are doing the job  
Mattress Pad. Just a little difficult to put on by yourself, otherwise good fluid repellent  
Pepper mill crushes the competition. Fast, reliable, can be done in the dark! All of these describe using the Peppermill. I love the very coarse ground peppers red and black 
Fragile but worthy. I very much like THIS Sommlier glass but they are quite fragile. A significantly better choice for everyday use is the Schott Zwiesel Diva line of glasses. 
great for a big family. With a big family, this fryer is perfect for most stovetop dishes. It also stores and cleans well. A true quality piece  
Very bright light!. I bought this night light because I read other reviews that said it was great for using in bed. They said their spouse didn t even know 
Excellent and solid mallet. This type of design is the preferred type by any serious cook. Unorthodox, at first, but largely superior after a little practice. Slides much better than 
Simple but Effective. I had originally purchased the Krups version of their fanciest dual machine and it arrived non-functional with a display and buttons that were a little too Star 
Actually Brews Coffee. I ve had no plastic taste problem with mine as others have had. This has been a terrific coffee maker - actually, the best I ve ever 
Works as advertised!. This item works as advertised. But they don t tell you that the glove is designed to fit either hand. So go ahead and get two. You 
Perfect for Casual Wine Enthusiasts!. We purchased this item after looking at our options for a wine refrigerator. This model was the perfect size for our needs. We entertain friends 
AAAAHHHHHHHH..........ZZZZZZZZ. First, I ordered the dual control but was sent this. That is the first mistake in dozens of Amazon ordres over the years, and they immediately credited me with 
Love it.... I have this pan and I seriously love it. I love the versatility. We have used it for housewarming gifts for new neighbors as well as for cakes 
They don t come any better!. This is my fourth Shun knife and it looks like I m going for the complete set. Me, and the rest of my crew! 
Practical and Stylish!. Finally I ve found a decent pitcher that matches my vintage style! I ve seen the large ones, my grandma had one, by the way, and I 
Don t be turned off by bad reviews!. I read lots of negative reviews on this product, but, having previous experience with the brand, ordered it anyway. I am completely 
Grill for my son. I bought this as a gift for my son and had it mailed to him. He s told me several times that he thinks it s 
Just Right. This colander is perfect, not too heavy, not too big with just enough holes to do the job and it s cute too! The ring base is very 
Misto. I bought one a few yars ago and hated it. Now I love it. What s the difference. After using it, I release the pressure in the can and 
Butter comes in different sizes!. I bought the fiestaware cobalt butter dish while living in Arizona. The butter sold there is packaged in shorter, wider, and higher sized sticks. So, 
Cookie Cutter s . I ordered various cookie cutter sizes and shapes. I was pleased with them all. They were shipped quickly and packaged carefully  
Very Pleased. I did a good bit of research of deep fryers before making this purchase, for the price we are very pleased. When unpacking the box was a little 
Stop inappropriate cat spraying and urinating with Feliway. Feliway has made a huge difference in our neutered Russian Blue. He was territorial and literally marking and urinating everywhere, putting us 
Very nice. the price was amazing, half of what department stores charge for Henckles. rugged substantial quality, and fit great with my decor. The basic shipping, was here within a 
Big Ol Platter. I love this platter. We always have a crowd over and I love its versatility. It is huge and is great on a Thanksgiving table.I have the 
An amazingly good deal!!. I d been looking for a good juicer for a number of months, but had shied away because they re expensive. I saw this deal, read 
A great product for the money.... This is my first pressure cooker. The design is far as safety is fool proof. No chance of this item blowing up in your 
Beautiful. We have not used the glasses yet but they arrived quickly and they are beautiful. Very nice for the price and hopefully they will last  
Great Product. I have one of Black and Decker scrub brushers. Big brush is the same. But on this one they included an attachment to use the pads. The motor 
Very nice. The magnetic pull of this bar seems perfect for holding knives, yet not too powerful to hinder removing a knife  
Nice item, but advertised as the wrong size....smaller than usual. This is a really nice trash can and the automatic opening is great, BUT.....it is advertised as 13 gallons in 
Works amazingly well!. I LOVE this product!!! I have cats and a father who works on helicopters so just imagine the smells we end up with in this house. All 
Great Pot. Great pot, nice quality. The first one had a chip, and Amazon did a very fast, free, replacement. It comes with the little rubber clips to safely cushion 
Good crate, but not for everyday. This is a good crate, but it s not made with the best quality of materials. I chose this crate because it was cheaper 
This peeler is AMAZING!!!. I first used this peeler at a Viking Culinary cooking class and it knocked my socks off! I ve always hated to peel veggies and am 
Easy to use, great purchase. This is our first espresso machine and it is really user friendly and makes a great drink. We use mostly espresso pods Illy pods are 
Super Towel. I was a little worried when I bought this towel for my son, because he is a very particular person, and only likes good things. Well, here s 
Utterly useless? I think not. The first review gave me pause but I bought it anyway having never bought a Circulon I didn t like. This works very well to 
wusthoff 3 paring knife. this product came quickly and was everything I expected of the name..it has worked well and is extremely sharp...very pleased..will order other sizes...as it is a 
Back on the islands. This product works like a charm with no hassle. I make it every time my friends come over and sometimes i think they just come over 
great single cup of joe. I received this machine for christmas because my wife knows that i usually get one cup of coffee in the middle of the day at 
Small fan. Quiet and easy to use. I use it to keep my electronics cool. It s not noisyand easy to place to keep my stereo components cool  
FASTEST COFFEE MAKER ON PLANET EARTH!. No clock is needed for automatic brewing. Those that do have clocks and use them, are they really automatic? All the prep has to 
Excellent measuring spoon set. I really like this set. The metal handles are strong, narrow and easy to use with most any spice bottle opening. The markings on the handle 
APlus Cannister. I really luv this trio looks very good on my counter, and you can see what s in it thru the window  
I Love It. This stainless cover is excellent! The top holder is soft and stays cool, the stainless steel maintains it s shine easily and it actually fits my fry 
Travel Clock. Well, it s a neat little clock. I purchased it to replace a different one I d had for years, but, had put in safekeeping somewhere. Oh well. 
Great Product. I have only had this vacuum for a couple of months, but it s a great piece. It works well. Very easy to operate, picks everything up on 
Great knife! Sharp! Great handle!. We are picky about knives and really love this one so far. Haven t had to sharpen it yet. Great non-slip handle  
great in my dorm room!. this is a sweet coffee maker for a dorm room. it is small [this is a plus, as coffe makers arent allowed in my dorm!], 
best thing ever. One cup of coffee at a time doesn t get better than this.Perfect for a household of coffee drinkers that wake up at different times  
Good-bye dog hair. I searched around for a while for a reasonable priced vaccum. I have only 1 real rug but man was it covered in dog hair, i used 
A Really Smart Buy. A while ago, I received an Amazon gift certificate which I spent on this product. Reviewing utensils and appliances is not my thing but I feel 
pizzellemaker. Been making pizzelles for over 35 yrs. When I had to replace the old pizzelle maker with this one, I was amazed how much it was like the original. 
Well, it s OK but I like the older one better ......... I have the older by about 10 years model of the same thing. The older model, which was 
Fabulous appliance. I love this oven. Bakes perfect cookies. Toasts my nuts for salad. Grilled my salmon cakes to perfection. It is so great for a two-person house as you 
Great item. A good product, but can t be mounted too close to a wireless phone or the signal from the outside unit is interrupted. Small hassle. Easy to read 
good value. What s not to like? It s cheap and non-stick. Good value.Unlike most reviewers here, I found cleaning the rack to be a snap  
Very Good. Gas prices here in California skyrocketed recently. We have an older, less efficient gas heater I haven t replaced yet. So we bought two of these Honeywells to 
Good grip. Great mechanism. Cheers!. I recommend this item for anyone who enjoys wine, but doesn t have the manual ability to deal with the hard to use all-metal corkscrew 
Great Pan and a Great Deal!!!. Had this pan for about 4 months now and I love it!!! Cooks evenly and is VERY responsive to heat changes and cleaning up 
Very nice for the money I paid. I am a realtor & added the towel sets in with a gift card to Lowes on closing gifts. The other sets I 
Best little lunch box ever!. The Japanese really know how to make the best use of space! This lunchbox is perfect for packing leftovers and the carry bag is very 
NICE!. I am so picky about my knives---I want Wusthof but the price.....I ve tried Henkles and other less expensive brands like Miracle Blade etc. but KitchenAid never fails to 
BEST OF BREED. I needed an automatic litterbox because after a horrendous injury to my leg I have had and will need many surgeries and it is impossible at times 
nice spoon. solid piece of wood. looks nice and spoons just as well as any other. Handle is thick and easy to hol  
Kitchen Aid Stand Mixer the Best. I am delighted with this product. After waiting for years to buy one--they were always too expensive--I found out that Amazon carried reconditioned Mixers. 
Great machine!. I received this machine as a birthday present a few months ago. Wow! How machines have come along since the old Singer machine that I used to use!The 
Great table. I just got this table. It is perfect for us. Assembly was super easy. It comes mostly assembled already. This is the ideal soulution for us because we 
Great, but difficult to clean. I bought this item for my office, thinking it would help keep the coffee fresh all day. It seems to do that pretty well, though 
Think &quot;out of the box&quot;{. Fill the ramekin with a dip and place in a matching coordinated LeCreuset oval casserole dish filled with chips or veggies. Nice presentation  
2 dishes at the same time. This is a great idea. I still use a crockpot cookbook my mother gave me 15 years ago. With my old rival crockpot, in 
A Larger Multi-Purpose Case. I have 4 of these cases. I like them because they are indeed larger and have extra nooks for putting the extra accessories, foot pedal, manuals, 
Fabulous fabulous cookware!. I love this set. I purchased mine at Costco s Business Center for just 99 and have cooked a gourmet meal every night this week. I ve 
Exceptional Product and Customer Service. Luigi Bormioli has proven to me that they possess the exceptional quality of service that I would like to be able to expect from all 
Excellent fryer. This fryer works great and holds the temperature well. It is a shallower fryer than some. Deep enough to handle everything but large game hens or larger food. 
STAINLESS STEEL CANISTER SETS. I am pleased with all 3 canisters--they will compliment the Stainless Steel refrig freezer when it arrives  
Great glasses. I m very satisfied with the glasses. They are sturdy and attractive. I would recommend them to anyone looking for drinking glasse  
Cookware is great!. I bought this cookware for my mom and it is working out well for her.  
Perfect. I ordered these sheets for my daughter s dorm room. They are soft, have great style and fit the dorm mattress great  
Nice Towels. Amazon had these on sale so I bought 4 sets, they are just great absorbent and sturd  
LOVE IT!. Well, we ve had this for about a month now, and it gets daily use. So far we love it, EXCEPT I really am not getting a good 
Will Quickly Become Your Favorite. This just gets better with each use. I have had mine for three years now and it is BETTER than when I bought it. This 
Super Saver Shipping - A real bargain???. I was advised of a special Amazon sale on this silverware from another website. I was able to click on a link which 
Sango Nova Blue 6-Cup Pitcher. This is in excellent condition. It is a very beautiful piece I will enjoy it for years to come. Thanks  
Best Ever!. Best Raclette Grill ever!!! It works great and it s nonstick so clean up is super easy! I would recommend it to all of my friends  
throw covers. these throws are pretty, washable, and my dogs get on them and they seem pretty durable  
life of unit. I loved my hamilton beach unit and when I got use to the small about of noise that did not bother me. Dusting was way down and 
It works!. I gave this as a gift for Christmas, and it worked like a charm at dinner. Not a drop on the table  
I didn t want to spend the money!. I m going to keep this simple. I read every review that was posted about the Dyson. I had a hard time 
Good little sucker. It is nice to buy something and have it works as promised! Actually this is my third. Bought one for my mom. I have had 2 over 
Information about packsges and boxes caused confusion. It s misleading about how many items in a package. At first, I thought each box had 6 bags or 6 packages? so 
This is an excellent Air Cleaner. This system is called an Air Cleaner, not an air freshener, so I don t think I would expect it to remove pet odors 
Great bargain - exactly what I was looking for!!. I wanted to dabble into making some homemade Beef Jerky.. but I didn t want to spend a whole lot of 
Fantastic Chopper. I love my new mezzaluna. Its nice, sharp, super easy to use & clean. The only thing I d like is a cover to protect the blade...but I 
This is the one to get. We ve had this one for nine months now and it s shown no signs of wear.We had another cheaper brand where the cups 
Pillowcases. These are 400-Thread-Count pair of pillowcases. I got as many as I could and all different colors and sizes, because I have twin, Queen and King size pillows at 
Great for Pasta, Not so good for Grains. I purchased this hoping it would be a great grain strainer. It turned out to be an excellent pasta strainer, but the 
Great Offers. I look for the reviews and I do make jusdement on if I do want to buy an item you have to offer here. I really like the 
Excellent alternative to shock collars. I have an old beagle who decided in her dotage that she would bark when ever she didn t get her way, she was becoming 
Works Great - Dollar for Dollar Great Buy. Bought this vacuum because Consumer Reports picked it as one of the 2006 best buys. Better than Dyson or Rainbow. This is 
Sub-queen sized. We bought this topper to replace a worn out topper of a different brand, that after 2 years was no longer bouncing back into shape. This Serta topper 
Amazing Difference. The municipal water where I live has so much chlorine and other things in the water that you can easily smell it in the shower. Because of that, 
Finally I found It!. The paper towel holder I ve been looking for. I have been searching for one that doesn t come apart when you pull a sheet off 
Looks really nice, good shape, good volume but a bit heavy. It is a very nice piece, I broke 1 of 2 from a set so I purchased a new 
Great Cookware. I just purchased these pans and love them. I had Circulon for over 15 years and there is no comparison. These pans are much better for cooking, cleaning, 
I doubt there is a better machine out there!. I have owned several different expresso machines in different price ranges. Hands down, this machine is the best I ve ever 
Metal Cookie Cutter. Wonderful. Will make my son s gradutation a huge hit. Sturdy construction.Impressive.  
Miele s the bomb!. Okay, so it s hard to get excited about things like HEPA filters - or the vacuum cleaners and other devices they are used in. When 
I love this bowl!. I love this serving bowl. I used it to store my various fruit when I was single. Now, spending my first holiday with my new husband, 
Peacock is perfect!. I love this color. It mixes well with my other Fiesta place settings, washes like a dream, does not scratch and the food looks terrific on it 
Works like a champ. This unit did a great job of keeping the humidity exactly where I wanted it. I filled it with triple filtered water and did not have 
Works Well, for a While. I have had this thing for probably 8 years or so. It worked great. A tad noisy, but ground up the seeds well, with a 
Nice Little Dehumidifier. Used this dehumidifier in my bathroom because it s not very well ventilated. This unit works well in that space. Used to have a problem with dampness, 
great patio set. I ordered this four piece set and really like it. The quality seems great and durable. The color is defitely not white. It is more of a 
good for pet hair. I read the reviews before I purchased. I did alot of research including using my Sisters. The other reviews were discouraging but have really liked the 
Works well, fits multiple units, limited ability lifespan. These filters fit both our models 4251 4271 and HB s TrueAir webpage indicates these filters fit all 3 of their Odor 
Well Worth the money. I read all reviews on the remanufactured GR 4 Griddler by Cuisinart. Yes mine had a few cosmetic blemishes that is to be expected nothing major 
Classic. No self respecting Asian uses anything but a Zoji rice maker. As for the new magnetic technology, I m sure it s fantastic but as kids we used to 
Versatile and easy to set up. Perfect for setting up inside a cabinet. Not the most decorative looking wine rack, but I like flexibility in configuring the individual pieces to 
The best knife that I have ever had!. I was given this knife as a birthday gift six months ago. It is absolutely wonderful! Perfectly balanced, sharp, and nice to 
Wow great knife!. This is the knife that most cutlery sets leave out oh, and the Santoku as well , and I highly recommend getting one. It really makes deboning 
I cant sleep without these sheets!. I got these sheets, and I fell in love with them. I cant sleep without them. When they go on sale with free super 
Quartz vs Oil filled. Several weeks ago I purchased a Delonghi 1500w Oil-F[lled Radiator as supplement heat for my woodworking shop which is 24 feet by 28 feet. When it 
George, Martha would be Pleased. The George Foreman GR10AWHT Champ Grill is an outstanding unit per my daughter. She uses it primarily when she is not going to be cooking 
Perfect Blinds for the price; Excellent company. For this amazingly-low price, these blinds are perfect for revamping the look of your home. They work flawlessly, are of good construction, and 
Well worth the purchase. I purchased this in hopes that I wouldn t have to continually wipe the wine drop sliding down the bottle and prevent wine stains on my 
Best. Knife. Ever. I ve been a German knife snob for years. But this 8-inch chef s knife by Japan s Global is the finest blade I ve ever owned. 
Riedel wine glasses cabernet. This economy priced Riedel cabernet glass is typical of all Riedel glasses. We use it as an all-purpose, everyday glass. I have used Riedel glasses for 
Honeywell HRF11 Honeywell Hepa-type Filter. Product received in a timely manner and meets advertised specifications. Would purchase again thru amazon  
Quality Basic Pressure Cooker. This is a solid, basic stainless pressure cooker, that is quite a bargain at the 41.45 price or 33 something after the 25 off 125 kitchen 
Great, but... I needed a saucepan to cook oatmeal in that would let go on the bits that stick to the bottom. Sounds silly, but I love oatmeal and hate 
New Fry-guy - pretty pleased.... I ve always wanted a deep fryer, and finally decided to take the plunge. After doing quite a bit of research, I decided on this 
Copper Salt & Pepper Shakers. A beautiful addition to any kitchen; these are much prettier than the photo here; they re lacquered to prevent tarnishing and are nicely weighted not 
Simply the best... I ve had this now for about 6 months or so, and I make smoothies and orange julius imitations from time to time and this baby is 
Great Product. We bought this to replace an older Hamilton Beach Griddle. This is a great product. Works well, nice size drip pan, washes easily, and the griddle it self 
Great heavy stockpot. I needed a good stockpot to make pasta sauce and this was it. The stockpot is a good heavy coated gauge and conducts heat very well.The lid 
Very pretty, but be very careful!. I bought this as a gift for a friend. It s gorgeous and looks really great when assembled...but no assembly directions were included in 
Effective traditional wok. It s a wok, made of cast iron, as simple as that. When you re storing it, I d recommend not hanging it or doing it only 
Terrific potato masher. I operate restaurants and often cater to large BBQs and groups...One of my special recipes calls for 30~40# of potatoes in their jackets to be mashed...I ve 
Great, quick, yummy!. Great pizzelle iron. Large cookie shapes compared to other irons. It cooks the cookies FAST, so DON T walk away from it! I always have family and 
Still looking new after all these washes. I ve had these sheets in orange for about a year and they ve seen the inside of the washing machine quite a 
Chicago Metallic Gourmetware Non-Stick 12-Cup Popover Pan. I ordered this item because I had a 6-cup popover pan, but a 12-cup would be more practical when preparing meals for a 
This Product is OUTSTANDING!!. I give this product a thumbs WAY up. It is built to stand up to anything with the steel. It makes the perfect waffle without having 
Gotta try Ebelskivers!. I inherited an ebelskiver pan from my husband s grandmother. It s a family tradition even though they aren t Danish to make these. After trying them 
Great Pillows for Kids. Loved this pillow. it is a lot of fun  
So far, so good!. I read alot of reviews on different thermometers and decided on this one. The probe looks pretty solid, and it works very well so far. I 
a cow s assistant. I have been looking for one of these for years every where.Hardware,supermarkets and even walmart doesn t carry it.Call there porchasing agent and enlighten them that 
Satisfied 100 . The OXO 2-cup stainless measuring cup is the perfect measuring cup. It won t crack when you pour boiling water in it. It is shaped and marked 
Heavy Cups, decent cup stand. The cups are heavy and huge. The cup stand is beautiful. The cups are brittle and break easily  
Easiest Eggs Ever!. Hard-boiled eggs couldn t be easier in this egg cooker. You can t miss with this machine. Just use the measuring cup that comes with it to 
I love this set. I bought this set at 35 in Corning Revere outlet as display unit, figured for cooking ware display unit has no difference than new ones as 
Does exactly what it s supposed to:. I have this in my hot tub and it works great. In the summer, I ll be permanently installing the probe into the 
A great Hit. I ordered this chocolate fountain for my daughter s 16th Birthday party and it was an absolute hit!! I had it on for at least 4 hours 
to use Over and Over in your toaster oven - the cost per use. is next-to-nothing...i use these to reheat EveryThing in a toaster oven - and to broil a 
Perfect for shashimi. Kershaw-Shun makes the best knives I ve ever owned, bar none. They come with a razor edge and are easy to re-hone with just a few strokes 
GREAT PRODUCT-BUT HARD TO FIND. Our water is just horrible. Prior to purchasing this coffee maker and several of the little filters, I would just replace coffee makers every couple 
Beck s Opinion. I recieved one of these cheese slicers for a wedding gift. I like it so much and use it all the time I ended up getting 2 
Smellkiller Classic Air Cleanser smallerversion . We bought this smaller version and the larger one. They both work the same, and are equally effective for use in the recommended room 
WORTH THE MONEY!!. I read alot of great reviews about the White Mountain Freezer so i decided to purchase it . I was a little skeptical about it making ice 
Love em. I had a lower quality Henckels set before and was happy to upgrade to these. I like the weight and balance in my hands when using and the 
It works!. I have to admit I was skeptical after our Newfoundland was recovering from an ACL repair. We just assumed she would limp for the rest of her life. 
Farberware 15 inch Covered Aluminum Roaster w rack. This was a very nice surprise! It is a quality product, heavy, and cooks well. We used it on St. Patrick s 
Works just like it said. I got this a couple of days ago because my chef s knife was starting to squash tomatoes rather than cut through them. Sharpening both 
excellent. this is a awesome ornament. it looks great and the fish swarm all over it, hiding or feeding in all it s nooks and crannies.this adds character to my 
WONDERFULLY CUDDLY. The sheet sets I recieved are wonderful they are very warm, which we need in our 20 degree weather. The fabric is soft and durable and have held 
The second one works great. I ordered two of these .... one for a friend and one for myself. My first one just died after the first use. Amazon was 
Sweet!. Perfect for fresh frozen vegetables like brussel sprouts etc., and also rice & oats for our family of four  
GREAT SERVICE, GREAT PRODUCT. VERY HAPPY WITH THE WAY AMAZON HANDLES ORDERS AND THE PROMPTNESS IN GETTING THE ITEM. THIS PRODUCT WAS EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED AND IS WONDERFUL FOR 
fine piece of machinery. Worked slick as a whistle. A couple of swipes on each wheel, and the job was done.And done well. Definitely an excellent edge on the knives 
pet stroller review. I am very happy with this product. It is easy to use and perfect for it s intended use  
After 1 year Works great!. After reading some of the reviews here I had to post and say what a great product this is. I tried several other openers and 
OK. Agree with pours to fast. you must take it easy when pouring or alot will come out. Disagree with hard to fill. They could not be easier to fill 
Good overall. They work. Simple and effective - people with arthritis may have trouble using them easily, however.Only real beef I have with them is that they aren t exactly 
Classic style with insulation!. The linen color looks great and the workmanship is good. Just throw these low cost window coverings on your favorite rod and you ve got a 
Pots and Pans!. I bought this set for a fried as a requested wedding gift. As he used to be a chef I think he knew what he wanted for 
So much fun to open a bottle of wine!. I ordered this wine opener after seeing a friend use a similar opener. Thing was, hers was 100 but came in 
Practical and Useful Griddle. This griddle was an inexpensive purchase well worth the price for those wishing to cook on a portable griddle. It has a convenient grease trap that 
Attractive as well as functional. I used this pot for sauces as well as melting butter and it is perfect for both. The size allows me to keep the pot 
I Wish I d Bought Feliway A Long Time Ago... To the Feliway product description information above, I would also add, Aids in calming cats...who manage stressful chronic health conditions. 
Panasonic Canister Vacuum Bagless. This Vacuum is really a great vacuum for tile floors and is bagless and light weight and easy to carry. I have a cleaning business and 
Review of 550 count sheets. I just love my new sheets, and I like getting then at such a low price  
Open it all Center. I just love my new multi tasking opener. I have arthritis and it was difficult to open jars and this has been a life saver  
These are not the WSJ glasses. I inadvertently ordered these to replace the glasses recommended by the Wall Street Journal. These are not the glasses. The recommended glasses are the 
Does what it says. This was exactly what I needed. I like that it expands to fit any size cabinet  
Beautiful whisk!. After spending several months comparing the WMF and the Rosle whisk, I went ahead and bought the Rosle. Yes, it is much more expensive than the WMF. The 
Good workout. i have been using six second abs for a month. i can see my stomach getting flatter. so i wouldnt believe the commericals that say it took them 
Nice mug. Nice mug. However, if you have arthritis the lid is not the easiest to work with  
Bodum Vacumm Coffee pot. Excellent Coffee!!!! There are tricks to its use, but who hasn t found that with anything foreign. There little extra effort is something you do for 
Almost the Greatest!. I have NEVER had a blender that could make a great smoothie. Always chunks of frozen fruit, blocks of ice, but if I leave this easy to 
No Problems. I have had no problems with this vaccuum. I had a Fantom for 6 years that just burnt out. I also had no problems with that except that 
Really good product. I got this at the local Sharper Image store. After using my laptop for several weeks, I decided it would be a wise decision to seek out 
Very Impressed. I recieved this as a Christmas present, and have been using it for an assortment of things. It works great--I ve been making smoothies with it and reducing 
It s my favorite pot in the kitchen!. This is by far the most used pot in my kitchen. It is excellent quality and just the right size for all 
Saved our new house!. We recently moved into our newly-built house. With a parade of contractors still coming in and out and the stress of moving, the youngest of our 
Nice and Tall. Pretty nice and works well. The attachemnts come off easily and folds down for storage  
Great product in reasonable price. I m a Riedel fan because I used to work for wines business so I had chance to test different glasses for free, and Riedel 
Useful and tough. Made a believer out of me!. I broke my old dust bin scooping snow off my car in a wet easter storm. yes, snow! It was a 
foil cutter that hasn t broken. This was my third foil cutter in one month. The other two were flimsy but cost about the same. They each broke in about 
Very nice addition. The Emile Henry Provencal butter dish is a very nice addition to our assembly of red accessories in our kitchen.I would hope that the original order of 
Cat scratch reliever. These are great especially when circum-hugged with the orbital ball distraction. I have found, however, that a grass weave doormat provides equal distraction but is unfortunately 10X 
singer. I have always owned singer machines. this one is a very good machine for the money  
IMPORTANT: Get stainless version - Otherwise: Best pot I ve ever owned!. I just got mine in the mail the other day. A little research and word-of-mouth told me it 
Great shelf - SIMPLE to put together - under 15 minutes. My husband and I purchased this shelf as a place to put my rather large collection of cookbooks. We 
Fish lovers response. Tried it almost emmediately after receiving it had out-of-town guest frying fish. Did such a great job, our guest bought one also. We all agreed it was 
Nova Brown Spoon Rest. This spoon rest is a great compliment to the rest of the Nova Brown dishes. It is a very different style - the picture doesn t 
Immediate results!. My grandma s 10 year old Yorkie just would never shut up. He barked at our cat, at our parrot, and anything that moved really. We bought this 
Wonderful, beautiful, and durable cookware!. This set is really nice. It warms up super fast and retains heat longer due to the cast iron. It looks wonderful hanging in my 
Surprisingly, it is as advertised. Joe-South CarolinaI purchased this unit for our house to make juices,smoothies etc. for the family.Being an engineer, I am immediately skeptical of EVERY product on 
Great purchase!. This product not only makes a great cup of coffee it looks great too!I bought it for a gift but, now I think I will buy one for 
Zelco Rubberneck Clip Light. Very nice and handy product, I whish the light was little bit more and brighter  
Perfect all-around serving dish!. This dish is my favorite serving piece in my fiestaware! I already have it in seafoam. It is the perfect size, for Thanksgiving-size side dishes, everyday 
Nice Quality, Good Value. I ve been cooking with this set for a couple of months now, so I can t speak to the long-term durability, but I have been 
I love this little moka pot. I think this is the neatest little thing. It was smaller than I had expected, but this was my first moka pot, and so 
Not so bad!. My carafe just broke too -- but it took me 3 years to do it. I banged it against my porcelain sink all the time without incident, 
Very acccurate. Wasn t sure what to expect for the price, but it works great! I individually portion out my snacks now, and it works perfect for that  
Just lovely... The flowers not only arrived in good time, they were also so lovely. My friend, who loves roses, was very impressed. Definitely a great purchase  
Great idea!. My cat Bella normally gobbles her food down in seconds and is very lazy, sleeping all the time and ignoring her toys. She has been like this since 
Get what you pay for. This is exactly what you would expect for 6.95 . . The lamp shade part is plastic so don t expect glass . . works 
Great Filter!. This filter works very well if you like strong coffee. A thin film of oil from the beans will end up in your coffee, and it lets through 
bath pillow. Using this in the tub is heaven, but drying it out is next to impossible! The hooks and attachments should be on the other end in my opinion. 
Wonderful Patio Set. Bought this set about 1 month ago. It was shipped amazingly quickly. Spent about 3 -4 hours total putting it together. If you have any experience with 
gotta love it!. My 30 year old GE blender food processor combo broke a blade on the blender part and I could not get the part so I had to 
Blue Ridge Comforter Feedback. This was a HUGE deal on a king size down comforter. I have always wanted one but didn t want to spend so much for fear 
HC-14 FILTERS. Fits like a glove and works like a champ. No chasing availability from store to storeThank You Amazo  
Good filter they have been tested! . The 10-stage filter was easy to install -- I purchased with the under the counter adapter -- and seems to work well only 
Beautiful and Easy to assemble. These are nice storage bins and great for little girls. I got both my daughters one and it holds a lot of stuff. The only 
5 EXCELLENT, easy to clean, QUALITY pan. This is THE pan! Fry an egg! Superb. I ve been using mine for quite awhile, so I can honestly say I love 
Almost perfect!. I like this poacher alot. I have three hungry men in the house so I went with the 6 egg poacher instead of the 4 egg option. The 
great set!!!. I bought a set like this one 25 years ago and still in good condition, recently I bought two more sets for my two youngest daughters  
Great, easy to use French Press. I use this press almost every day at work. It certainly is not three cup by American standards, but this three cup is perfect 
Great for tea drinkers. Just bought this pot. It is amazing. I m going to use it at work where I have to go down stairs all the time to 
Job well done. My husband and I drink friut smoothies almost daily, so I was looking for a blender that can withstand daily use. We ve been through 2 previous 
Problem with the reconditioned. I bought one of these from Williams-Sonoma and love it. So when I bought a second house and saw it practically half-price here, I bought the 
Super quiet!. I have all hard floors and lots of pet hair. This machine does the job...and it s quiet too! It is light, manuvers easily. Wish it had a 
By far the best splatter screen I ve seen. This thing is exactly what I was looking for. Sturdy and durable doesnt bend with an ultra fine mesh screen. I 
Big Ol Platter. I love this platter. We always have a crowd over and I love its versatility. It is huge and is great on a Thanksgiving table.I have the 
Old Country Roses Vase...very pretty. I love my little vase. This is an etched glass vase that appears to be clear glass at first sight, but as you look at 
Excellent!!. very good rice cooker. The steam function is very useful for such a lazy student like me. I can cook the rice and steam my food at the same 
works great for leathers, backpacking and not just on nesco. I have a ronco dehydrator and at first didn t think these fit. However, after pushing on them a bit, 
Like cra##. Im all done with dunkin donuts, Panera Bread, Starbucks, etc, etc..... This thing makes the BEST coffee on the planet, I am soooo addicted. I never leave the 
Nice knife... easy to handle and great in my kitchen. If I could only have one knife it would be a Santoku. This knife is what I would refer to 
MULTIPLE USE BOWL. THIS 2 QT BOWL HAS MANY USES . I USE IT FOR MIXING , SERVING AND BAKING. IT IS WONDERFUL FOR MACARONI AND CHEESE , ALSO HAVE 
Great Spatula; Huge Glitch. I read about these on Kevin Kelly s Cool Tools Site kevinkelly.com and I bought two for work. I work as a cook at a resort, 
Perfect Peeler. I love cooking, but really hate the inevitable chores, such as peeling. This peeler, however, made peeling almost fun. It makes peeling so incredbly easy that I do 
Easy to make delicious iced tea!. The pitcher is good quality and the instructions are very easy to follow. You really couldn t fail if you tried! I d highly 
Great pizza cutter!. Cuisinart makes great products and that s why I decided to buy this one. It s sharp and the plastic cover is really nice, as well  
Exceptional Product and Customer Service. Luigi Bormioli has proven to me that they possess the exceptional quality of service that I would like to be able to expect from all 
Swiss Diamond Cookware. I really love these pans. I bought mine about a couple months ago and have used them every day since I received them. They still look brand 
Nice lamps. Shades are a little dark, but otherwise, very nice quality lamps delivered quickly  
I don t buy any other brand of spatula. I have several Oxo spatulas - they don t warp, bend, peel, discolor or melt - even if used to stir 
Just what I was looking for. I internet shopped for a week, reading consumer reports and customer reviews of just about every blender made. I decided on this one based 
Easy, Sturdy and Beautiful!. I ve put together two of these, I use them as night stands. They are easy to put together. The come with instrucions and extra screws. 
Pet Gear Happy Trails Stroller. I absolutely love this stroller. We have carriers, body slings, the wheelies roll luggage type from Target , and strollers. Our 3 Yorkies are our 
Magnificent aroma. This is a very beautiful flower which has wonderful aroma. I am very satisfied with this purchase and highly recommend it to all people who value charming plants. 
Multi-function pan. I got this because I saw Rachel use it on her food network show. I watched her show occasionally and I like her and some of her ideas 
When 6 is just right. I really like the six quart stock pot. The size is just right for making soup for 1 or 2 people or cooking spagetti. I 
Excellent Quality. I received them yesterday and they are wonderful. Very thick and good quality. These are a winner  
A Chinese-Styled Wok with French Characteristics. Le Creuset made a decent effort in making a cast iron Chinese-styled wok. It looks like a Chinese wok, and it is made of 
Excellent value. This is a great pan & easy to wash. You can practically wipe it clean with a dry paper towel. It is extremely durable. I have about twenty-five 
Better oven than toaster. Big and stylish with neat digital controls, it heats up well and cooks food evenly but is painfully SLOW. If you want toast in a hurry 
Simplicity at it s finiest. This is my first Electric Griddle ever purchased. I cannot believe just how nicely everything works! I ve cooked BBQ chicken, crepes, pancakes, steaks, burgers, 
First order. This was my first experience dealing on line with Amazon, I was very pleased with the fast service I got with my small order. I know that when 
Nova Brown Spoon Rest. This spoon rest is a great compliment to the rest of the Nova Brown dishes. It is a very different style - the picture doesn t 
Very effective and a must have in any house. BACKGROUND: I had a 5 stage water filtration system in my previous apartment which could put any bottled water to shame 
Cup is exquisite and perfectly balanced in saucer. I have this cup and am very satisfied with it. The design is elegant and lovely to say the least. I enjoy 
Sweet!. This piece is beautiful! The picture doesn t do it justice. It is a very nice size, especially if you don t like a huge strainer. This also doubles 
Quick and easy for an affordable price. I just bought this for my cat and it definitely keeps the mess and odor to a minimum. It cuts the cleaning time 
Elite Japanese Steel. After doing much research on top quality cutlery, I decided to go with this Bunmei 195mm Deba. This knife is by far the coolest knife I have 
Whimsy, Fun and Lots of Color. I have collected all of Le Creuset s fruit and vegetable shaped cast iron enameled casseroles. They are beautiful to display on a table 
Love My Krups!. We love the Krups machine becuase it makes both types of coffee. It s extremely easy to use, I ve had no issues with it. Only real 
great stemware. I ve been using this glass for years now ... I agree it s one of the best all around for enjoying a myriad of wine types .. 
Not bad for a little scale. Well I used it in my restaurant and yes it was okay not the best of the best but for 11 bucks it was 
the best gadget ever!. I bought one of these to keep at our bar and filled it with peanuts and it has been a huge hit! Our daughter has just 
Best timer. I find this timer very easy to use. I m not a rocket scientist.I have never been disappointed with Kitchen Aid. I don t understand why it has 
You get what you pay for. Yes it is expensive and very similar to the standard wood racks but it is very sturdy and it doesn t blacken with mold 
Still enjoying this machine after one year. We got this machine around this time last year and for the most part we ve been pretty happy with it. It has 
Best bang for you buck. I purchased this as a Christmas gift because a I m a techie geek, and b I wanted to do something thoughtful for my girlfriend... 
I m in love with this washing machine!!!!. I ve had other portable washers in the past with larger capacities and was skeptical about buying this one. On the plus 
Good and Useful. Good solution for getting rather unattractive knives and knife block off the kitchen counter. I don t do clutter -- this works well  
Great product. This works great! just like advertised. It is much quicker than the others, nothing bad to say, it does what it is made for!!!  
Holy Cow! What a difference. I just used my tenderizer for the first time last night on some pork chops. What a difference a little pounding makes! The meat was 
Great product. I love all my calphalon pots, pans, and bakeware. Best set I have every owned or used. Even heat, easy clean up, I have never made reductions as 
so many display possibilities. I have used the largest one in a 18 high and 12 high tank and in both applications this ornament looks great. I now have it 
grapefruit spoon. the spoon is fantastic, shaped for extreemly efficient segmenting. The handle could be a little wider to get a secure hold on it.  
Better than Dyson. I purchased a Dyson before I bought this vaccum. The Dyson was alright, but not really worth the money. Luckily for me, I could return it to 
Very Stylish!. Out toaster of over 10 years died last weekend and while we were shopping at Target we saw this retro looking toaster and fell in love with the 
They re fun for adults too. I bought these molds for my Crystal Light drinks so that I could have a more nutritious dessert option. The molds are quite long 
great coffee pot. for this item being refurbished you would never tell it works perfectly, easy to use and clean. Would recommend people try this coffee po  
Chops, minces, slices like a dream, incredibly sharp. I do regret not buying the granton edge model, since the food does stick to the blade when mincing. I found that 
It s big and pink. It is a quality toaster, no doubt about it. I suppose the pink color is a bonus. I scored this here on Amazon  
pretty perfect. I really bought this set because of it s measurements. It fits perfectly into the space in her closet so when the door is closed the toys are 
Mugs are great. I prefer a mug over a tea cup so the 4 piece place setting was the way to go for me. I also have the Java mugs 
Five years and still cutting.... We ve had this knife set for five years and it works great. We use the Henckels 8 chef and 6 utility knives to cut 
Copco travel Mug. This is the way to go if you like a big cup of coffee. Don t leave home without it!! Would have given it 5 stars if 
The best cheese slicer. For evenly sliced cheese, this is the easiest to use cheese slicer I ve ever used. Its only drawback occurs when the cutting wire break, which 
Good value and powerful. I purchased this unit just over a month ago. It arrived in less than a week. I ve had no problems with it yet. It is 
Very Huggable. Just as portrayed; can t stop hugging and squeezing this wonderful heart. My college age kids really enjoy having them in their dorm rooms  
Calypso 2.2 Quart Pink Teakettle. Perfect match for my kitchen and the other pink things I have  
Great choice in Thermal Carafes. I bought this carafe for our office, at an engineering firm with very picky people . It works excellently. The swivel base is nice, but 
Fiesta Persimmon Medium Canister, 2 Quarts. I love it.The lid doesn t always close enough to hid the white rubber seal.Other than that it is great  
Super Duper. PetSafe batteries are the best. Of course they are the only ones that work in the dog collar but they are still very good  
Weekend BBQ Warrior. I bought mine in Germany back on 2002, it its top of the line in pressure cookers. Can cook the hardest venison or lamb in just a 
a fantastic pot. good capacity, never gets burnt on the bottom, easy to handle, and you can even see the food you re cooking through the glass lid. overall a 
Nordic Ware Sunflower Pan. The Nordic Ware Sunflower pan is just what I wanted. It came in perfect condition and in a very timely fashion. Thank you  
How did I live without this?. WOW, what a great addition to my kitchen. It stays hot forever! Easy to brew..don t place on flame. You have to preheat water 
Greatest .... pizza cutter.... ever!. My wife and I received this as part of a set for our wedding and this is truly the best pizza cutter we have ever 
Yes it really is indestructible!. This is the first and only toy that has so far managed to withstand the ravages of Diilbert who is our 90 lbs Bullmastif cross, 
chefs choice krum kake express. the krumkake express is very good and it easy to us  
great bedside lamp. I love this lamp, purchased two of them for my bedroom, and the 40 watt minimum candelabra required bulbs really create the perfect mild light for the 
Calphalon Commercial Hard-Anodized cookware. Easy to clean, but it cannot be placed in a dishwasher. Also keep a hot pad near by when using as the lid gets extremely hot. 
GIVES YOU A PHENOMENAL ESPRESSO IF YOU HANDLE CORRECTLY. Two months ago I bought the X1 from the new serie X1 by appointment at the online store azone.ch. Discount price 
Perfect Popcorn!. I love this popper! I use it every day to make a healthy snack without oil. My husband pops his in some peanut oil and it works great 
excellent inexpensive stemware. I ve been using Spiegelau wine glasses for several years, and they are excellent. The bordeaux glass is great for bordeaux or any merlot or cabernet sauvignon 
Great coffee and easy to use. This is a very nice coffeemaker for anyone wanting a 4-5 cup maker. It is east to use, no clocks to set, nothing to 
Works amazing!!. I had a broken pelvis & tailbone 8 years ago and I can not sit longer then 25 minutes without shooting pains through my legs, pelvis and back.I 
old seamstress, new machine. I am so pleased so far...I have had a chance to mend clothes, medium and light weight. I have tried out all the decorative stitches, and 
Great little sucker. Gave my large clumsy Dirt Devil away to replace it with this small powerful easy to manipulate vacuum. I have wooden floors and needed something to quickly 
It really works!. This rack came with my brand new All Clad roasting pan. I was hesitent at first because the majority of the ones I see are rather poorly 
Better than the Anolon 12-inch stir fry pan. My wife and I were shopping for a stir fry pan to complement our cookware and we were deciding between this pan 
cuisinart toaster. A little disappointing. We have several Cuisinart products including a food processor that we ve had for umpteen years and still works like new. We also have 4 
Great Microwave. I absolutely love this microwave,the only thing is that you may spend an extra minute microwaving a plate of food but overall it s good value for mone 
Stainless mixing bowl. I love this mixing bowl. It is sturdy enough to last forever. It is large enough to mix up a nice big salad or baking mix. Clean 
Dogs love this toy. My lab was mesmerized by the noise this toy makes - it sounds just like a real duck. It quickly became her favorite toy and she 
Does the job. Well made. Useful size and weight, although it could be just a little larger in diameter. This thing gets really hot and holds that heat for awhile, 
Use for casseroles, cakes, or roasting. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other quality products. The enameled cookware is cast from molten iron formed 
Great Processor. This food processor is the most powerful and quietest that I have ever used. I am very impressed with the material the bowl and lid are made of. 
Steam Press Stand. Received as quoted, works great, shelf could be better made fall off easily  
Best machine in this price range. I ve been using this machine for a good month now, and I m very happy with it. While I m no stranger to 
Best Oven Mitts Ever. I looked at a lot of silicone mitts but chose these because of the ring to hang them, the magnet inside them and the comfy lining. 
very decent glasses. My wife is the wine drinker in the house, and she tells me she is very happy with these glasses. They are stylish and are made of 
EASY HARD-BOILED EGGS. Hard boiling eggs is now easy!1. Put water in up to mark2. Add eight eggs3. Push button4. Wait twenty minutesEggs are perfectly hard-boiled and the shells come 
great product. I used the product making christmas pizzelles. There were no problems with sticking. The press heated up very quickl  
great coffee filter. this filter works great and I love that it is reusable. Doesnt clog no matter how fine the grin  
A beautiful piece!. I received this as a gift for my Bridal Shower and used it as a cake topper on my wedding day. After my wedding I placed it 
Plushest towels ever!. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of these towels. They re long enough to wrap me twice and so thick and absorbent. I recommend these towels 
Stemware that endures. . The only stemware that has survived my abusive, bustling house. Fearlessly used daily for all things potable. Having bounced and rolled regularly on my hardwood floors 
Feliway. It apparently works, but not completely. The price is good in comparison with prices in pet shops. However, I think it is very expensive for the contain of the 
wonderful. These mini loaf pans are very good quality and honestly, they bake my breads just as well if not better than my expenisve set of Caphalon mini pans. Really! 
Lost and Found. We got this for our incoming lost and found. We process a extreme amount of lost and found and we needed something that could be in customer 
I m lucky they sell these... I was about to buy a whole new dirt devil hand vac because the belt on it broke, but luckily I found these and 
Excellent value ~ Excellent Blender. I too was a bit skeptical about this item being refurbished .When I recieved the blender it was nicely packaged. I opened the package and 
fast warming heater. It s quick to heat up and heat is intense, perfect for small room office. However, the temperature control doesn t work very well so it can 
West Bend Crockpot 4 Qt. This is a GREAT Crock Pot and works Fabulous! It s just perfect for a family of two 2 . The stone crock is a 
At Thanksgiving. At our holiday dinner the coffeemaker was the topic of conversation because it looks cool and made great coffee. I would recommend it  
My dog LOVES this ball!. Give my dog Shana a soft toy and in 30 seconds it will be shredded, unrecognisable, and spread from one end of the house to 
Works well. Cuts very easily. However, it s not easy to get that last half centimeter due to the shape of the part holding the wire. Not really a big 
Good chair, great price. I bought 2 of these for my home office. They are comfortable solid chairs. They are a little on the firm side but I am pleased 
My Dog loves it!. I realize that this bed is meant for cats, but I have a rat-terrier puppy who weighs about 7 pounds right now. She loves to be 
Soft and Cozy for Winter. The softness of these covers takes you to new levels of comforting warmth. We put the duvet cover on the bed just when the weather 
You ll Never Have Another Pizza Delivered!. The results are simply stunning! Using the very same recipe and ingredients I always use, I have made pizza as good as the 
BETTER THAN SLICED BREAD!. After mixing your dough and letting it rise the first time, this basket helps shape the dough into a perfect loaf, with an interesting pattern on 
Great Item!. I love these cupcake savers! I froze some cupcakes from my wedding 2 months ago and it kept them fresh! I also gave some away to guests to 
This trash can is no garbage!. Excellent, sturdy, practical kitchen trash can! The profile is slim and tall, can be tucked into a narrow space, fits the 13-gallon trash bags 
small but nice. ice bucket is smaller than i expected. otherwise, a very good product  
Great!. I received the dinnerware set for my wedding. I purchased this bowl to add to our set. This was the cheapest place I could find the bowl  
Would highly recommend this product. I have used this glassware everday for over 10 years and due to it s age, it was beginning to show some wear. I purchased 
It s a filter, what more can I say. These work pretty well but are sensitive to maintenance. If you dont clean the fountain as often as you should, they 
Replacement Filter for Holmes 3500. Best price around 9.99. This filter does not have the aluminum on the outside. The aliuminum collects a lot of stuff. I have used many 
Great Deal!. I m not a sheet expert but this seems to be a wonderful deal. Quality is top notch, colors are great, and reversibility is a very nice feature, 
Like sleeping on a cloud!. The sheets were soft right out of the package. We bought the sage green king size. The color is nice and the pockets are extra 
Filters. Best price I have ever seen for this product, and free shipping to boot!  
Fantastic!. I thought this looked like a nice pan - so I thought I would give it a try. WOW - It cooks and cleans up like a dream. I 
Media Storage Review. This is the best all-around media storage cabinet i have owned in over 25 years of storing media. It s outside design is great. The shelving design 
Excellent Performance & Value, cord a little short. We decided to get this vacuum instead of a central vac system for our 3200 sq ft home. The logic was that 
Finally A Fountain My Cat Will Drink From!. After trying every higher-priced fountain out there, I decided to try this one. I had never seen it before. My older cat 
TOOLS. Even though the machine doesn t come with a lot of attachments -- it is universal design allowing for a cost-effective product that can use your old tools!! A 
Good Value @ 1 3 the price of All Clad. I m not a professional just a daily user but have used the original Calphalon, Calphalon Essentials Target and some 
I would buy it again when it s on sale. I bought this when it was on sale for 20.I wish i had bought more of it. We have refrigerator 
Nice. I really like these plates. I bought the crocks as well and have no issues with them. THe go together really nicely if you are serving soup and salad 
This is definetly for the Movie or CD collector. Everthing was in this cabinet when i got it. But in all this was the best Find for storing all my 
Funny gift to give : . It s soft and medium-sized. Didn t pay too much for them so didn t feel too bad when friends would come over and 
Dishes great. I really like our new dishes. They are true to the picture displayed.The 4 stars are for the mugs. 16oz mugs are just to large and heavy for 
Wonderful item. No more water rings - what more could you want? Keeps drinks cold for hours  
an elegant piece:the french platter. i love mikasa for its elegance in designs,extreme durability and affordable prices.this beautiful white platter is a perfect example.it is big enough to display turkey 
Parrothead Pottery. This was an EXCELLENT addition to my friend s parrothead kitchen. The colors are bright and add a touch of PARTY to the room  
Simply one of the best there is for coffee purists... This percolator makes the best tasting coffee we ve ever had.We ve been through many pots including professional makers designed 
Nice looking and really does the job it s supposed to do. The chrome look of this unit is quite nice and really does look like chrome doesn t look 
So useful!. This bowl is shallow enough to serve from and deep enough to really load it up. I use mine constantly, and didn t think I would when I 
Wonderful!!!. Wonderful set... also got the 12QT stockpot with this free... so very slickdeal : Great nonstick coating, but you really must hand wash... but that is ok!!  
Lives up to its promise. This is a quality item and a bargain. Arrived in perfect conditionand the enamel is smooth throughout. It is quite heavy at 17 lbswhich is 
Clean carpets, but leaky with upholstery attachments. The Hoover F5914-900 is my first steam cleaner. It got my carpets cleaner than the model I rented from Giant, and even got 
The usual wonderful Le Creuset quality, but HEAVIER than most. A great pan, as usual with Le Creuset, but VERY HEAVY. Our household is used to Le Creuset the 7-quart 
comp desk. I received damaged ,had to spend quite awhile on phone and get a supervisor on line to receive any level of satisfaction. I was told it was up 
I love my new Fiestaware!. These are great dishes. I ve had no problems. I m collecting a place setting in each color and they look fabulous. Do try to 
great easy to install. it was great and easy to install. enough shelves for my stuffs. well it met my expectation  
Beautiful, efficient, high-quality coffee maker. I was in the market for a new coffeemaker with a stainless steel thermal carafe. I read lots of online reviews and looked in person 
I needed this!. Finally, a pan that makes it easy to bake! No more messing up the first piece of cheesecake or brownies, trying to get them out of the 
Cool Pillowcases. I would never purchase these at their regular prices but this was indeed a treat  
Great Pillows for Kids. Loved this pillow. it is a lot of fun  
Amazing cat toy!. This toy is incredible. We have two cats, one a little chubby who loves to play and another a little skinny who is terrible at playing and 
Great tasting. This is very easy to use, and it makes everything very easy to clean, so you wouldn t think it taste so great being a pod, But it 
Finally amazon is selling these!. For the longest third party stores were selling the Sango Black accessories. The shipping would be more than the item so I always opted out. 
One of the best knives I ve ever owned. I ve been a long time J.A. Henckels user and love there knives, but my Shun classic has quickly made it 
perfect size. Spoons were a nice weight and perfect size for use with espresso cups. Style with satin finish was perfect. May double as a pretty baby spoon too  
Someday a Collectible. Le Creuset has a good reputation,and no wonder.I purchased the 2qt. White Pitcher because it stored hot andcold beverages.With the Holiday s coming up,I realized I was 
Great, but not as good as the 5-Star. I had these knives for a year or so and really enjoyed them. Then I was given the 5-star knives for Chistmas 
Broken?. The glasses are very nice glasses, but two of them arived with the stems snapped  
Effective, economical HEPA filter. I have purchased several Honeywell air cleaners recently for my family children, parents and brother s household and have been very pleased with their performance and 
multi purpose pan is great. This came to me just in time to solve several cooking applications that have been bothering me since the Holidays. As a lasagna pan it 
super. This rack is sturdy &amp; just perfect turkey dinners will be so much easier. I also purchased the pan to go with the rack  
Wonderful VERY thick, large, towels. I ve had these towels for almost 2 years now. I love them so much compared to my old towels that I bought another seat 
Good, Cheap, with one small reservation. My only reservation is for safety sake, it would probably be better to get the version that is wireless, because when you fill this 
DeLonghi Percolator review. I ordered this for my husband because he is very picky about his coffee. He loves the percolator  
Good quality - can be hard to put together. I have 3 of my 4 chairs put together, but after a few weeks still cannot get the screws in the 
AIRPOT OKAY. The airpot works great if you are making a lot of coffee. I wanted to keep four cups hot for the day. When I get home from work, 
1st-class cookware. Tri-ply cookware is a necessity if you own a gas stove.Thick bottoms and thin sides as in the Simply Calphalon line, for example will work fine on an 
Nice features - low price. This is a great little fryer. It cooks enough for 2 servings at a time, do not overload. It has a nice list of features. 
Great value!. I bought this set for three times for serving 12 people! I also bought a lot of the additional to the set for my whole kitchen. Great investment! 
No other bottle opener compares. This is a great bottle opener because it is deceivingly heavy and sturdy and I actually prefer non-twist off beer bottles now simply so I 
love it. It s even more than I expected. It s strong and holds all of my pans, including the cast iron one. Compared to all the others I ve 
Best griddle you will ever own!. In 1970 I was given a set of Presto waterless cookware along with a pancake griddle. At that time they didn t have non-stick 
great kitchen tool. found this to be very useful... I make cheesecakes often &amp; once they re chilled, I had a problem finding something large enough to accomodate a 10&quot; 
Soft as Butter. I have never had a blanket as soft as this. Everyone should have one. I am slowly buying one for everyone in my family. This would be 
Great product for all sponge needs - esp. the George. This is a great product. Cleaning the grill used to take at least 5 minutes, now it is about 1 
chrome is better!!. chrome is better!! REAL CHROME!!! If color doesn t matter for you, white is also good. Drink tastes the best! I brought for 18.48 including shipping with 
Basically, My Farvorite Popper. I rarely write reviews, but after reading some of the bad press this popper is receiving, I felt it was my duty. First let me say 
Great Oven Mitts. These are the best oven mitts I ve ever had. They provide excellent heat protection AND still allow you a GOOD grip. In fact the grip these 
Raclette Grill Tefal: great!. We received the raclette just on time.It is just a great raclette grill. Not only you can grill cheese, but also vegetables, shrimps, tofu etc on 
Good Refrigerator. I compared this one with many other compact refrigerators before purchasing. I think it is the best one in its size and price range. Others did not have 
Presto 18-Quart Cooker Canner. Bought this for my husband who cans deer meat. The 18 Quart size is perfect and is very easy to use. Amazon offered it at a 
never wash a litter box again. It takes an extra minute to put on the box but you will never again be washing or worse, dripping cat pee out of 
Retro Cool. I bought this stool for my daughter to use in her 6th grade classroom. It serves as both a step stool for retrieving needed materials on top shelves 
If you are considering buying any other canner......... send me the money and I ll throw it away for you. I received my Grandmother s when she passed away and 
black leather excecutive chair. I made an awesome desicion when i bought this chair from amazon. I recieved it faster than what i thought and the chair is what i 
Great replacement filters. Great replacement filters, good value 3 pack . Hamilton Beach should, however, package them flat not folded , so they can be installed properly on top of 
best coffee grinder. easy yo use, plenty of power, large burrs, best grinder i have ever owne  
MultiCat Hungle Gym. The cat s enjoy it alot. It was easy to put together and they really like it  
Hepa Filter. Great product works as expected. I have had this HEPA filter in my bedroom for 2 years now and it works great  
Coffee Grinder Extraordinaire. I ve had this for about a month now - Great! It doesn t bog down with dark roasts or flavored roasts like my old machine. And 
better than the Mr. Coffee Tea Maker. I have owned two Mr. Coffee Tea Makers and they worked well but the pitchers always crack. This one is much better because 
Good Trash Can - Lousy Sticker. I just bought this trash can to replace an old one. It was easy to assemble and works really well. The only complaint I 
Awesome!!!. I decided it was time to have some decent cookware. I had a Circulon wok, and I loved the high low nonstick, so I decided to go with Circulon. 
Awesome for dorms, tea drinkers. This kettle is amazing. It s simple -- you plug it in and flip the switch a light turns on to let you know it 
Joyce Chen Unlimited Scissor,red. I discovered these scissors several years ago and they are wonderful. They will go from cutting a chicken bone to cutting fine paper for a gift. 
refills. No complaints other than the price. These have an extra lining to reduce chances of kitty surprises soaking through. :  
Beautiful TV Stand, but arrived with a large scratch on top. I bought this from target along with a few other Hudson pieces. It looks great and seems to be 
Absolutely love it!. I bought a silk comforter to keep at my parents house, as I sweated too much with a down comforter... but still wanted the softness and comfort 
Great if your fish are looking for a snack!. Not to be bought if you want to hatch ALOT of baby brine shrimp... but great if you want to hatch 
Awesome - makes my cat young again. My cat was really hurting. Took her to the vet and after Xrays they said that she had Arthritis, they put her on 
Hot coffee many hours later, no burned taste. Very impressed. Good tasting coffee that stays steaming hot 8 hours later. We bring the carafe and Sunday newspaper to the upstairs 
Works as advertised. I purchased this item and promptly used it to form a loaf of bread which I baked. It worked well as advertised and I am pleased with 
A Serviceable Tool. It s hard to rhapsodize about a laundry hamper. However, the Whitney does all that s claimed. It s sturdy enough to last a long while, yet 
Whitney Design 5503 3 Pack Magic Storage Cube. These containers are great for toys and shelf storage. I ordered two sets and use them all around the house. They are 
Kitchenaid food processor. It is everything I thought the food processor would be its quiet, chops well. Has two bowls large and small for different size chops and multi blades. 
calphalon pan. I am so over nonstick--even Calphalons. I have been gradually replacing all my nonstick with uncoated cookware. This Saucepan really rocks. I use it all the time. I 
Fabulous not-too-mini pans. I ve always enjoyed making smaller cakes and loaves of bread. They re good for portion control, they re nice as gifts, they re easier to store, 
Almost Perfect. Look. I suck at using a normal iron. But, after reading some reviews decided to try a press out to decrease my dependence on Dry Cleaners.The results are 
Love it!. I purchased the 5.5 qt. LeCreuset oven after recommendations from Cooking Light, Cooks Illustrated and reading others reviews. I only wish that I would have purchased this great 
Drinkwell water fountain a hit!. Our cat loves the Drinkwell fountain, so much so, we had to get the Drinkwell resevoir to add to it, so we had a good 
better than the 99 cent basters by far. this is a big improvement over the cheaper basters I have always bought.I store the tips inside the tube when I am 
These are GREAT pans... puhhlleeez. Polished stainless steel is NEVER going to look brand new after use - at least not the pans interior. It will discolor and scratch a 
a pleasant surprise. I was prepared for something flimsy ... but this product is fairly sturdy, considering it is nothing more than a giant screened bowl two actually . The 
 12 makes me think of ice skating pairs. Don t drop her!The deluxe Polder ironing board would be dangerous without some kind of restraint. Two over the door hooks 
FARBERWARE 9X9 SQUARE CAKE PAN. I JUST BAKED AN APPLE PIE WITH IT. EXCELLENT HEAT CONDUCTING & SUPER EASY FOOD RELEASE! THE PIE CRUST IS SO CRISPY & NICELY BROWNED. 
nice and sturdy. Very pleased with the overall product. Easy to put together, nice and sturdy, plenty of desktop space and has a convenient little drawer for odds and ends. 
Spectacular. This is a kitchen item I wouldn t want to be without, it gets constant use. Never used a cooking device that I could brown, steam and cook in 
wow, what can I say. I loved these knives right out of the box. They came sharp and feel great. I was finally moving out of the parent s house 
Great mitts!. These oven mitts are great and I really like the fact that there is a super strong magnet making them easy to have handy on the side of 
Great spoons. These spoons are great. I love the size and they do not stai  
Clear up confusion... An earlier reviewer has inadvertently posted incorrect information. The item she he refers to is Farberware #52112 which is a squarish crisper chip tray . The item 
nice material. These pillow cases are great, nice color, nice material. When washed and dried they come out nice and smooth. I would liked for them to be a little 
good water glasses. I bought these to go with my Riedel Vinum wine glasses because the Vinum water glass is just too small to be useful. These are just right 
Hello, Kitty. My kitty loved these mice. She really got into chasing them around. The first day I got them, I dumped the whole box of 60 onto the floor 
Sturdy Spatula. Sturdy well made spatula. Perfect for use in 12in to 16in woks. For the price you just can t go wrong  
Good little vacuum for light work. I got this vacuum as an alternative to using a dust-buster on my kitchen floors everyday. I have 4 large black dogs and white 
Best flatware ever!. This is the best flatware I have ever purchased. It is HEAVY and large. There is a distinct difference in size between salad and regular folks and 
The Best fan ever. This is our third Patton fan. We have one for the upstairs and a small one that we move around. ONE of these fans is more 
Love it. I love my bowls- I have lots of these pieces and really like them a lot. Amazon was great-shipped way before expected and customer service was great.  
no oil, no mess, great popcorn in no time!. I ve had my popper about 10 years rightn now, and this thing still works great. Pops most kernals, a bit 
Perfect fit under a Senseo Coffeemaker. I like a big mug of coffee, and the Senseo coffee maker just does not have that much room under the spout. My tall 
Nice Pan. This perforated Pizza Pan crisps crusts and makes a wonderful pizza. Clean up is easy. Just scrub with soap and water, rinse ands dry. So far nothing has 
Delonghi for the long haul. i bought this for its retro look and asthetic chrome gleam, but was i surprised to find it works wonderfully. i have had for 6 
Hanging shoe bag. This item is exactly what I was looking for. Lightweight, durable and doesn t take up too much room. A great little item!!  
Good All-In-One. This machine works pretty good. The person that reviewed this machine and has five kids to wash for bought the WRONG machine. This is not a heavy duty 
Great product!. I have been using this shower filter for almost a year. Within 2 weeks of using it, I noticed a difference in my skin and hair. My only 
ONE OF A KIND PAN. Pan is much larger than expected but happy with it anyway. In fact when I ordered it the price was double this amount so recently 
Great!. I received these for my wedding. Unfortunately we cracked one of the bowls. I love the colors of the bowls and other items. I had to buy this one 
top notch coffee glasses. Well made, very light weight. Great for using with a mug warmer, your drink will stay nice and hot. Better than any ceramic coffee mugs  
Great for gourmet sauces!. Will no allow a sauce burn, handles heat as you want it to. Cleans up in a snap!  
Good basic fryer!!. This is an excellent basic fryer, and longstanding excellent track record from a company you can trust. This cooks enough to feed several people, and it does 
Just the casserole I was looking for. I wanted a covered casserole that was good for steaming vegetables in the microwave and baking hot dishes the oven. I have the 
Perfect Skillet. Ignore the other review for this item. Ben K clearly doesn t know the difference between a pot and a cast iron skillet. This Lodge enamel cast iron 
Nice accessory piece. This is a very nice addition to compliment the set of Pistoulet dinnerware. The colors are vibrant yet subtle and very well crafted  
Love the purifier, car ones are worthless. Love the purifier. I have a 1000 sq ft townhouse, so use this one downstairs. bought this exact one elsewhere, but didn t 
Firm and Plump!. This pillow is very plump and firm. You will need to find a larger pillowcase for it because stuffing it into a standard case makes it feel 
Rival Deep Fryer. I like the fact that it is dishwasher safe all parts except for the heating element . Storing oil in the fryer is an option but if 
Does the job!. I bought this fan on the recommendation of a friend.At the end of a hot day, the temperature inside of my apartment is higher than outside.; this 
it s ok. As others have mentioned before, it doesn t hold that many dvd s so I too would probably have to get another one to fit our collection. 
Wonder cloth. The MysticMaid is best microfiber cloth on market - does everything including glass ceramic stovetop  
SO SOFT. THE COLOR IS MUCH PRETTIER THAN I HAD THOUGHT AND THEY ARE SO SOFT TOO  
Breathtakingly beautiful!. If you love fine china and you are a Teacup collector, this set is worth the investment of 20. It s beautiful! The pictures just DO NOT do 
Great Sheets!. Nice, big, soft sheets. Cal King size was very generous - fits well after washing. The color was a little different than the picture, but it s a 
sleek and easy to clean. This scale is beautiful, low profile, easy to use and easy to clean. Its everything I needed for a good price  
good swivel small seat. The chairs look great and seem well constructed - I am keeping them - but I wish the seat was larger... had a bigger diameter  
Quality and function, exceptional. We wanted a gate that was low enough to step over and that would not mark or damage cabinets or woodwork. We were extremely pleased with 
Deni 3200 Meat Grinder. I love this product! We use it mainly for grinding chicken breasts. I find it very easy to use and extremely easy to clean up  
Great Quality and Value. I bought the first set because they seemed well priced compared to the terrycloth style we usually use. They are of high quality, good color and 
Awesome!. First let me say that this product arrived to my home faster then I expected, especially since it was right before Christmas. The product itself is great. I had 
Great size. This is a great size for ice cream, salsa, etc. The shamrock is a beautiful color  
Shun Chinese Chef s NOT CLEAVER Knife. Certainly not a cleaver, the edge geometry of this piece of very fine cutlery dictates its use for effortless precision chopping, slicing, and 
Adequate Filter Replacement. I ve used these for years, and its getting harder and harder to find these, except for at Amazon.All you have to do is find your model 
Glad I didn t have to buy a new fountain. We have had our Drinkwell Fountain for over 5 years. My husband put the reservoir in the dishwasher and it 
Great pot!. This pot is everything I expected it to be. It s beautiful and works great. I knew to expect it to be heavy and it is but since 
best little tool ever. This little vacuum does everything above the floor and also hard flooring surfaces without tiring me out and with great results. I m very glad I 
I love it!. This is a great juicer. I have to admit it s my first, but I did a lot of research to find just the right one. I 
Coat Rack. For the price this coat rack is sleek, heavy duty, and asthetically pleasing. I am glad that I purchased it  
The everything storage container!. I have five of these units, and I absolutely LOVE them! I use some in my son s room for toy storage we put picture labels 
Worked like a champ. I used to live in a quiet neighborhood with three yappy Australian Shepherds, one of them next door, and two more on the other side of 
best tortilla maker ever made. I ve own my tortilla maker for 4 yrs now and it still works greatcomming from a large family we always have many family gatherings 
Wow - this product is fantastic!. I thought I d give this a try for my yappy chihuahua mix. I did not want to try a shock collar, but I 
I love this electric kettle. Easy to use and heats quickly. I use it for a group tea once a week and it is fast and easy. Everyone loves it 
Wusthof Culinar Cheese Knife Set. Superb cutlery. I can t think of a task re: cheese that it can t take care of. Costly? Yes, but of the highest quality, 
Slow heat-up, but great results. I ve had this about 4 months now, and it s a great press. Better, in my opinion, than the le cruset version which is 
Amateur Barista!. From the first time I used this machine, I ve made delicious, rich cappucinos! My first pump driven machine. The pods included are really quite good, and I 
Great Buy - very functional!. Delivery of the product was very fast. In addition, the coat rack is very simple to put together and sturdy and best of all it 
Great Little Mini Chef s knife. Can t say enough about this bitty slicer. Perfect transition between the 8 Chef s Knife and the 6 Utility Knife. Perfect when you 
Great Dinnerware. It s Fiesta, what else can I say, its a party in a box  
Great Gift Item. This turned out to be a great gift for my son s teacher. It came excellently packed, and is beautifully painted. I expected it to be bigger, 
This is our first food processer. This is our first food processor. Did a lot of looking before making this purchase. It s easy to use and clean. Made Salsa 
Love This Machine. I just love this little machine. It is not complicated at all!!It really made machine embroidery fun and addicting and I haven t even used the Disney 
Handy.....not Heavy!. Love my hamper....fits in the space I have for it perfectly. So easy to grab and carry to the washer  
crystal review. Excellent crystal. Very classy yet versatile. Quick shipping and Amazon was great to work with  
Surprisingly sturdy... Which is what one of my concerns were when I purchased the set on Overstock & paid twenty dollars more than they are listed here. Still I like 
Factory-Reconditioned KitchenAid Mixer. Although I have only used the mixer a total of 7 times since my purchase I am pleased with its performance. A friend who visited at Thanksgiving 
Great Press. I have been using coffee press methods for decades. This particular press is a real value at its price. I have been nothing but happy with it. The 
great for tall women. I am 5 10 , with hands to match. Knives with the traditional handle are just too small and my hands cramp up if I have 
Wife loves it. Gave it to her for Christmas and she loved it - she made me gain 250 pounds in two months from eating pancakes ;  
Cookie Cutter s . I ordered various cookie cutter sizes and shapes. I was pleased with them all. They were shipped quickly and packaged carefully  
great steak cut with great steak knife. Used them last night to slice through a 1 New York Strip from Hirchs Meat Market in Plano, Tx. Best Steak cut with 
Good product!. I am potty training my son, so I needed a good waterproof mattress pad but didn t want to spend a lot of money. This fits the bill. 
Global is simply the best...and my wife really likes them. My wife is the Iron Chef of the house, but I know a good thing when I see it. Both 
Four stars for what you re getting for the price. I wasn t overly impressed by the quality or thickness; these are not luxurious, ultra-thick towels, but they re comparable 
Great product. I love this set. I have a lot of the Sango products. Amazon is a great company to deal with  
Great buy. I would never think to review a utensil holder, but this one needs an applause! I had a typical cylinder holder, and I was always jamming my utensils 
Worked as advertised-too much fun!. The only negative on this product is that we use it too much! My granddaughter loved building her own pizza and it came out wonderful. 
This machine is spectacular. I can t say a lot about this machine that hasn t already been said. The build quality is excellent and the coffee is the best 
2 years later, still working perfectly. I bought one of these about 2 years ago, and I m now in need of a second one. Reading the reviews here, I 
Far nicer than expected. Purchased this as a gift and was very suprised with the heft and the quality of this pan. If you are looking for a great pan 
Remanufactured iRobot Scooba Floor Washing Robotic Hard Surface Cleaner, Assorted Colors. The Scooba is a dream. It vacuums and mops in one sweep. My floors have never been cleaner! Highly 
Easy to assemble and looks great!. This is a wonderful purchase for the price. It really looks even better in person than in the photo! I am a 25 year 
Easy to assemble, quality chair. We just got this chair, and Metropolitan sofa from Target for our sunroom. It has a great modern look, and a solid feel. I assembled 
A Great Bowl!. This is a nice heavy bowl that is a wonderful size too. Makes a perfect bowl to use as a center peice or to serve side dishes 
Emerilware Stainless 10-Piece Cookware S. Bought this set for my wife and she absolutely loves to cook with these. She says they cook very evenly and you should always cook 
Love it. Although I have a cast iron skillet from another manufacturer that is used primarily for cornbread, this was my first piece of Lodge cookware. I absolutely love this 
Great pantry. I have two of these units for storing canned foodstuffs in. I generally like them, although they do have a few disadvantages. First, they tend to be a 
Works well, Gift recipients loved it!. I gave this as a gift to a couple who enjoy cooking together and both love lots of garlic! They have raved about it 
Most Excellent. I own two of these. The 500 model at home and this one at the office. Both worth the money. Had a small problem with my first one. 
Air Purifier. I use this air purifier in my office and I think it helped keep me from getting sick this winter. I definately recommend it  
I concur with the first review: Absolutely ESSENTIAL for readers!. This book stand is an absolute necessity if you re a college student, and even if you re reading for 
love this knife!!. I found this knife in a magazine and then ordered it through Amazon and I am very pleased with it. Not only is it very unique and 
Good Filtration But... We purchased a new Whirlpool refrigerator earlier this year. The new refrigerator has all the marvelous improvements developed in the last ten years for refrigerators, including a 
Excellent Starter Set. This makes a very good starter set for me because I only needed to replace the 3 knives that I use everyday in my cutlery set. I 
Absolutely PERFECT... This skillet is the perfect size: big enough to cook two kissing over-medium eggs at the same time or a generous omelette , yet small enough to fit 
Excellent for the price, however slightly on the big size. Got this from amazon for 49.99 with free s h as a every day set. Amazing price! I was considering 
Great vacuum and bags. I purchased the eureka filter bags with the eureka upright Boss 4870GZ for my mom. She loves them both. The cord is really long on the 
Very Handsome and Comfortable. Friends were surprised that we hadn t gotten this at an expensive furnature store, its very good quality, the cushions are very thick. Packing boxes could 
Perfect for a tall cup of cappuccino!. This mug is just plain beautiful--the shape and the size is perfect for coffee lovers. My husband is a big cappuccino drinker and 
Best sheets I ve ever bought. Soft, comfortable, perfect. I came back to buy more. I want to throw the rest of my sheets away. I was reluctant to buy 
food steamer. I love this steamer, I use it just about everyday. It does exactly what it says it does. Great product!  
Love it!. I bought this one as a replacement for my previous VillaWare non-stick pizzelle baker, that I had for about 15 years. It got a workout, trust me. This 
Good buy!. We use this comforter set in our master bedroom and we love it. My bed is a queen size, but we bought the king size because my mattresses 
Great Griddle. I use this griddle all the time. I was a little bit bummed when I saw the same griddle at Kohl s for about 1 2 price! Works 
Awesome Dyson Part. This tool is awesome for reaching under stuff, something the big Dyson doesn t do well. They should make this standard equipment instead of after market purchase, 
Better than you know who!!!!. I recieved this machine as a very early x-mas gift, I was always @ bucks spending 5 3-4x daily, withen 10 min. of unpacking this 
An incredible machine!. I bought the Vita-mix turboblend 4500 two months ago and have to say it is the most worthwhile appliance in my kitchen. I originally used it to 
Problem Solved!. Problem: Dark staircase. No A C outlets.Solution: Maxxima MLS-01 Occupancy Sensor LED Lights.We placed one at the bottom and one at the top of our staircase. The sensor 
Great buy!. It came within 3 days of ordering even though I was warned it could take 10 days. Very easy to assemble, even came with extra parts. Very sturdy 
Crockery rainbow. It s all true: Fiestaware is classic, colorful, beautiful, colorful, durable, colorful, microwave and dishwasher safe, colorful and just plain wonderful. Buy some!A WORD OF CAUTION: the pictures 
Perfect heater for small tanks. I bought these for my 2.5gallon killifish tanks. These heaters take up very little space in the small tanks, since they are flat.But be aware 
Wsthof Bird s Beak Knife. This Wsthof-Trident Classic Bird s Beak Paring Knife is in my top ten list of most-used kitchen cutlery. I like this handy little curved knife 
Awesome. Easy to hang and they hold so much. It looks great in my home office, very contemporary modernesque  
orthopedic seat cushion. I have been using this cushion for a couple of years now. I use to be able to buy it at Walgreens but they no longer carry 
Fits Specialty Bed. The product came in a slightly damaged plastic cover pouch...there was a smudged dirty smear across the damaged pouch area, which came out with Laundering. Other than 
The best ever!! Perfect!!! The best in the Line!! Better than the 5.5 cup!. People who are addicted to Zojirushi may change their mind when they discover how great the 
Wife gave it 5 star. Just like the title said, I bought it for my wife and she loves it and yeah I think it did a good job  
Works Well & No Smell!. I ve been using the first iteration of the machine and the fluids for almost 3 yrs now. I m not sure why people would 
Nice. This towels are probably what most would expect. They look nice and have become my preferred kitchen towel - I cook alot. I would look elsewhere if they were 
nighty nite pillow. Pillows are hard to judge without giving a trial run, the pillow is tall for me, but some people prefer a tall pillow, memory functions well and 
I liked it so much I bought it twice. I just bought my second one. The first alarm hangs in our kitchen and does go off with a nice loud 
Very portable and usable but freezes up easily. I got this as a sort of extra frig for drinks in the summer. However, it freezes up easily and can t 
Embrace the bucket!. My husband loves popcorn and we didn t have a nice bowl for this purpose, the container was either to little or the diameter of the bowl 
An actual review of the BOWL and NOT CS. I have a bunch of these bowls and they get used daily, many times over. Perfect for cereal, soup, snacks, etc. 
Quality and style at an exceptional price. I purchased this rug a few months ago for my studio and absolutely love it  
Le Cruset Stoneware 2 Quart Pitcher. Wonderful product! Great gift with many uses. I have given them for wedding gifts, birthday presents and just bought them for family and friends. 
Twin Cousine Cheese Knife. Great for cutting uniform but thin slices from even the biggest, hardest hunk of cheese! Love it!  
Hello Kitty Toaster is a must have!. Now, I don t know whether you are a die-hard Hello Kitty fan or not, but you gotta have this! The numerous different 
great. I am really liking this. I have an electronic litter box and this one. I am liking this one better because the automatic liter brush tends to break up 
Bread Machine - Breadman. The Breadman Corner Bakery is not only a great breadmachine but it makes butter and desserts. It has been excellent  
good little vacuum. I would give 4 stars if i could.It works fine, sucks like crazy!I must empty the dirt cup after each use andbang out the filter. There is 
Cute mugs! For cat lovers!. This mug is microwave and dishwasher safe. A great mug for a large cup of cocoa or coffee. Makes a great christmas gift for a 
Krups Carafe. When my original Krups coffee carafe broke, I found a replacement at Amazon. The price was competitive, the carafe arrived promptly, and my coffeemaker was complete once again. 
NICE QUALITY. I have lots of blankets and my favorites are definitely the Cotton woven ones when it comes to elegance and quality. These are Egyptian cotton woven blankets, they 
As designed, these do a great job. Used these this morning for making crumpets for Xmas breakfast. Worked beautifully. I didn t have to try to keep all the crumpets 
Great product. I am really happy with the purchase. First of all, it was for a great price... the product is great.... no oil is necessary, cleaning is really easy... 
Elegant and Impressive. These beautiful glasses really light up a party table set for champagne drinking. Not only are these beautiful, they are wonderfully balanced in a way that tall 
My first real dishes. For my 2nd apartment I decided to get real dishes instead of the hodge-podge I had from dorms and thrift stores. I could not be happier 
Don t let the low price fool you. This is a great machine!. This machine represents the most incredible value-for-money on the market today. It is very, very easy to 
De longi expresso maker. Great and easy to use, However there is limited space between the filter head and the drip tray so only small cups will fit in the 
Cristal D Arques Longchamp Old Fashioned, Set of 4. Nice product - have used this line of glassware for years. Only concern I have is that the glasses are not 
It work!. This product works! No more red wine drips on the tablecloth. Especially good with the larger bottles of wine when you have a crowd over, but it works 
Excellent Quality. I purchased this saucepan to replace a pan that I really liked and hated to have to throw away. The quality of this pan far exceeds the pan 
Worth the . I have to admit that I initially grimaced at the idea of spending over 100 for a knife sharpener. But after splurging on several Global knives I 
Really helped increase the life of my knives. I ve used this twice now on my set of not-so-great knives. They were duller than dull--dangerously dull, but this sharpener brought 
Fits perfectly, not crunchy . I bought this mattress liner for my child s bedroom and it is just what we needed. It is nice and smooth, not noisy at 
Review for Electrolux vac bags. Great bags, hard to find in retail, fast shipping, will buy again....thank yo  
Makes feeding baby easy. I ve had this food mill for about a month, and so far I really like it. It s relatively easy to use, and cleans up 
A great buy!. I bought the 45 piece set as a birthday gift from me to me, and absolutely loved it! I was inspired to then add the covered butter 
THE BEST PILLOW EVER!!. Really, this pillow is perfect in every way. I have had neck pain so long i lost track. I found this on amazon, ordered 2 and 
filters. We received the filters in two shipments, which was perfectly fine, as we only needed one box at first. We ordered a double shipment to save on shipping and 
Made Right. OXO wins again with these oven mitts, a terrific product that will feel like the oven mitts you grew up with - but without the seeping heat!One caution, 
margarator review. I gave the margarator as a gift, so far they are happy with the product  
Top Notch Knife. Grade A Blade, Bolster, Edge. The handle is solid but the only drawback is that it is somewhat heavy on the back end, and definitely heavier than 
rachel ray pans. These are the best design yet for multiple pans on the average stove top. The non stick coating seems to be the best yet  
The end of the toaster oven. The Dualit 2 slice toaster is a dream come true. After using a toaster oven for years and getting horrible toast, I finally purchased 
A good basic knife. I purchased this after my 20 yr old Chicago Cutlery kitchen knife blade chipped. Only drawback to the new one is that the wooden handle feels 
Simple and convenient. I recently bought this coffee maker and am impressed with what I got for the money. It s utterly simple to use and it s basic, a 
TV Top Shelf. As I had previously purchased the single shelf at a local discount store I sort of knew what to expect. The surprise on this one was the 
Geez, it s NOT that hard!. I bought mine about a month ago and I can tell you that, never having seasoned a wok before, I managed to read the 
FIrst Rate Table Cloth. I ordered this table cloth just to have one for when company came over, but now I ve ended up using it all the time. It 
Fantastic. The best Salsa, The best Pesto, and Salad dressings made with this food processorwe all should have one  
It is nice to have something that really works as advertised. I have tried a number of different knife sharpeners over the years and have always been unhappy with the 
Flip it is awesome!. As a military spouse, we move, and have different types of floors that need cleaning. I have hard floors pretty much througout every room in my 
Easy and useful. The cart came in perfect condition and on time. The assembly was easy and the cart is very sturdy  
Popcorn Popper. This popper makes great popcorn! Only complaint was it was slightly damaged in shipping ding and dent on each piece. This did not affect the performance of the 
My Search Has Ended. Great humidifier. Great output. Easy to use dials one for humidity control and one for steam output . Quiet. And best of all, easy to clean. 
Excellent fryer. Easy to use, easy to clean. Two major requirements for a kitchen appliance for me to be happy. This thing is easier to clean than my old George 
Good product for the price. Definitely yes. Arrived on time. Cant really ask for more for less than 30  
Keeps on Hanging. The wife put it up and it is still holding the numerous pots that are placed on it. We had a small space and it is quite 
Beautiful colors and quality. I purchased the multi colored butterfly kisses and the Christina sheets green and white stripes with hot pink flamingos in a twin. The colors are vibrant 
picture is not quite accurate. It s a nice little vacuum for the price. As expected, the carpet brush isn t really powered. But more to the point, the illustration 
The rice cooker. My family used this rice cooker for 15 yrs. Compare this to the Tiger brand, it is better. We were able to use the Tiger brand for 
Works well with caramel. Quieter than expected. I was concerned that this wouldn t work or would be very noisy. I was pleasantly surprised to set it up for a 
Can not BELIEVE this deal!!. This comes just as pictured with the bottle and the spout. It has a rubber graduated stopper, so it could fit on slightly smaller bottle 
The PERFECT cork screw. This is just an unbeliveable item. It works so easily and perfectly!!!! We have given this as dinner gifts to which everyone has really used it 
Good, simple gift item. I gave this item as a gift and it seemed to go over well. The quality of the knife was what I expected, given the low 
Wonderful flavours with minimal work!. I love my new tagine,it s brilliant.The tagine does all the work,there s little other than prep for the chef.You ll be amazed by the 
Beautiful set at a GREAT price!. These are the real Riedel for a fraction of what they sell for in the store. The set comes with 4 glasses and the 
surprised how well it works ... I was surprised how well the True Air 04381 air cleanerwork, using this 04712 Filter, considering it s not evena HEPA filter. I notice 
This is an awesome knife. In Anthoney Bourdain s book Kitchen Confidential he talks about how in a real kitchen the chefs don t use Henkle or Wustoff knives, they 
Simply The Best!!!. This friction tie rack which holds 24 ties, is simplyTHE BEST!!! Purchased six of these to share with friends.You won t be disappointed! Stylish,functional, it works and 
Good economical product. I ve had this lamp on my desk for 4 years and I ve only changed the bulb once. It says 1000 hours bulb and that seems 
Great looking pitcher. This pitcher looks great! It is very sturdy and heavy. use both hands when holding! Easy to clean, and easy on the eyes! I would definitely recommend 
memory foam topper. The memory foam was good, but not quite as expected. It was little more than the eggcrates you bring home from the hospital. The service was speedy, 
CC chefs knife with walnut handle #41S . This knife chops perfectly every time I use it. It does not ding easy, and is strong enough to cut everything. Very 
Durable. This is the only dinnerware that I have that has survived my sons washing dishes. Though one piece did not survive shipping, I still have all the original pieces 
Amazing product!!. This coverlet has a very beautiful color, large fit and extra warm. A perfect item for winter.  
Great product. I love Le Creuset! I have the 2 quart and 6 quart size French Ovens, so decided to splurge on the 3 1 2 quart size. Although they 
Bulletproof...but. These knives are great and should last for a lifetime plus a 1000 years. However, they are quite expensive. Their best virtue is their unique and stunning appearance. The 
A Great Griddle. I use it every weekend for either pancakes or &quot;freedom&quot; toast and have nothing but good things to say. It heats evenly and is easy to use 
Prefect. This fork is just prefect for all kinds of kitchen jobs. Plus it easy to clean, no nooks or cranie  
A dream to sleep on. Not only are these sheets beautiful, but they are truly a dream to sleep on. I was most pleased  
Great Buy!!. My wife and I purchased this product in December 2004 a little late with the review, but better late than never . We were unsure about ordering on-line, 
Love 2 make waffles. This item resales at Disney for 80. well worth the purchase & it works great  
Oster Egg Cooker. This is the greatest egg cooker ever. Itcooks poached, soft and hard boiled eggs toperfection  
 Bitterly disappointed is not using thermometer correctly. I think this is a great thermometer for meat and baking. However, it is NOT meant to be submerged. Most any probe-type 
Great Pin Cushion. This worked out nicely as a much needed pin cushion the small one . I have two more to give as gifts for two family members who 
clear the prints on stainless and glass in your kitchen. We have stainless appliances and a glass cooktop - the cloth is WONDERFUL for wiping away prints, grease, mess etc. 
What a great price for this beautiful-comfy sheet set. I couldn t believe my eyes when I ran across the price for these sheets. I was skeptical on the quality 
Copper bowls with whisk. The product itself was outstanding. The shipping service is another story: There had been a major storm in this area and the shipping company took it 
Spot On!!!. Just what i was after. You are better off spending a little more money on this as it s worh every penny. Shipping only took a couple of 
WAF-R Waffle Iron. Very well made. A quality item. Works just as described in booklet  
Pizza Pan. Wonderful pizza pan. I enjoy having the handles to lift the pan in and out of the oven. Makes very crisp pizza and is easy to clean. I 
Best style of spoon ever!. My mother had a squared-off spoon ever since I can remember. It is great for cooking, getting the corners of the pots, and completely covers 
Great machine!. This vacuum sounds like a jet engine when you turn it on. We have a Black Lab and he s shedding like crazy this summer, so we really 
Oak Mug Tree. It s a nice mug tree. My only complaint is that the pegs are not perpendicular. I also didn t think about how beg the knobs on 
my favorite mug. [...]I just bought my second of these WMF mugs from Amazon.com - it is my absolute favorite mug for the following reasons:1. It DOES keep drinks hot 
great for small dogs. my puppy loves this toy! i can understand how a large dog could chew it to pieces, but it s perfect for tug-of-war with a small 
They look good. These are great! They look great and are heavy enough to feel sturdy yet functional. Even after wash after wash by hand and in the dishwasher, they 
ONE OF THE BEST ON THE MARKET. Great little mashine.Looks beautiful on the counter top,maches to my other stainless steel appliences.Makes a nice cup of coffee,keeps it hot at all 
Great Value For Your Money. I ve used this waffle maker three times and it s been great. I decided to buy it after reading other positive comments about this 
She loves her Blender. I got the KitchenAid blender for my wife for Christmas. She just loves it and most importantly the features. She has other heavy duty KitchAid products 
Very Pricey, But Well Worth It. I bought the Dyson Animal for years ago. It s absolutely fantastic. Now I bought the DC 07 as a gift for my daughter. 
Patton 20 in Air Circ. I purchased this fan for my stable - to ventilate the aisle and help cool the horses during the hot summer days in S. Fla. 
handy and sturdy. Looks good in a home library, and is strong enough to hold over 200 pounds. I find it handy for all sorts of jobs around the house. 
I use these plates all the time. The Fiestaware bread tray is almost identical to the discontinued Omelet plates that Bennington Potters used to make. It is an amazingly useful 
Mario Products Are Beautiful. My Grandson purchased the set of bowls for me ,something I keep on the counter at all times just so handy to have for all of 
Dinner is served. This is my first experience w Pfaltzgraff product. I find it to be a very nice set of plates. The design and color are simple and classic. 
Just What I Wanted. Received Product Promptly and In New Condition. Would purchase from seller again !!  
works pretty well. I have used this system for two years. It works pretty well. Hagen s yeast and stabilizer last about a month in the winter, 2-3 weeks in 
Good Quality, good head support!. I was suffering from neck pain until I bought these pillows. I was not expecting very high quality pillows but it met my expectations. I 
Love it, Love it, Love it!. This prodcut is exceptional. It is so versatile. It s great to be able to grill meat and veggies on the top while melting 
Great product for those who love their drawers to look neat!. Whenever I folded my t-shirts and polos, each folded shirt would come out looking different. So I purchased the 
Simply Stunning. Now that I finally got my set of 4 I am pleased to report that they are stunning. The excellent bright tangerine glaze that Fiestaware is famous for 
LOVE LOVE LOVE this machine!!!!. I am a coffee snob and have been looking for a replacement for my Cusinart grind and brew which sucked! which we got as a 
Thrilled to find it. Stainless jelly roll pans are hard to find. I am pleased with this one. It is of good quality and doesn t cost a fortune  
Hey, what can I say. its a lid. But a nice heavy weight glass one, I can see through as I m cooking. And best of all it goes on 
Great for little ones. This sleeping bag is perfect for younger kids. It s certainly not made for heavy outdoor use it s pretty lightweight but is perfect for slumber 
great tray. The ice cubes come out intact - not chipped or cracked. To get them out, push each cube from the bottom with your finger.For fastest and easiest results, 
Instead of PAM.... use pure olive oil. I spray my foods with olive oil using this wonderful sprayer. It s great to use if you want to avoid the unhealthy 
Loved!. My lab puppy was given this toy because the Kong Company says it s indestructable . I wouldn t exactly say it s indestructable, but for dogs that enjoy 
Can t get Enough. For [...], these adorable kiwi colored stoneware baking dishes are great! I ve been a big fan of Le Creuset for a while, and find that 
Excellent Oven Gloves. If your tired of clumsy oven mittens or pot holders that have no feel to them and wear out, then you ll appreciate these heat-resistant gloves. Aside 
KitchenAid KTT570WH 4-Slice Digital Toaster with Bagel, Warm, and Frozen Functions. works great, simple and easy to use. May want to RTFM to get the most out of this new 
If you like to read in bed the bedlounge is for you. I bought this Bed lounge several months ago and I have been very pleased. it offers great lumbar 
Great kitchen addition!. I received mine as a gift and enjoyed using it so much I gave one as a gift to a friend. It s perfect for mincing fresh 
If you cook , You need one!!. Excellent Product!! Now I know why Mom had one so many years ago.Presto 01362 6-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker saves time and moneyand 
My Hot Pot Review. This unit is slightly difficult to wash since it has the cord attached, but other than that it is easy to use. There are not many 
Robot needs Love too. This works perfect for your irobots flawless deathgrip. It comes in a bottle too... which is helpful.  
Terrific, wish I d bought another when they were on sale!. Beautiful dish, large capacity and even cooking-what more could you ask? I bought this because of a MAJOR Friday 
Perfect CD DVD rack. My husband and I have about 1000 cds dvds videos and we had previously stored them in boxes, shelves, and wherever we found space. When I 
My favorite corn popper. This is a very simple popper that gets the job done. In my small microwave, it takes about 4 minutes for a load that lifts the 
Love the dishes. I now have 10 different place settings in different colors. I love the variety it brings to my table. My family and friends all enjoy the different 
Sandwich Maker. This is a nice little sandwich maker. It s compartments are pretty small. You have to cut the crust off of your bread and cut it diagonally in 
Scat Cat. We had mangy old cats all over our nice patio furniture....haven t seen one since..  
Like a cookie press for meat. Inexpensive. Makes uniform strips of jerky. Dismantles for easy cleaning. The included seasoning packets make great tasting jerky. I wish it held a larger 
Sango Nova Brown Square Baker. Easy to handleEasy clean upWhat more could you ask for - from oven to table with CLAS  
Good in quality.. but not in size. The product is very good.. good for the price... nice finish... but if you are really concerned with the size, this one is 
Advantages... The only real disadvantage is that you have to do the cleaning yourself and it is definitely work if you don t have the self-propelled model. The unit is 
amazing value. I looked for weeks for a new pressure cooker. I had the Inova model but it eventually wore out after 15 years. I shopped locally and looked on-line. 
no problems. i have had my krups machine for 5 years and have had no problems. i have found that the carafe does not bounce when dropped from the cupboard. 
Good, small garbage can. This is a small garbage can that has a removable liner. It also fits the plastic bags you get at all the stores now, but it 
great. very good floor cleaner i searched for a good price and a good cleaner it did not let me dow  
sleep softly. My elderly mother came to visit and told me that she liked sleeping on the fold out couch with the memory foam at my house better than her 
4 1 2 stars. This is a great machine. The only problem is that it could be a bit bigger.One bulb of elephant garlic or 2 average size bulbs will 
A really good canister. I love Fiestaware and these canisters go perfectly in my kitchen. I like that they are large enough to get a decent amount of flour and 
WOW--gorgeous dishes!. I ordered this china specifically to use during the holidays. It arrived in perfect condition with all pieces accounted for, and is absolutely lovely. The red and gold 
razor sharp. very good knife sharpener.read directions and with little practice your knives will easily slice anything,razor sharp!Be careful  
Well engineered and a good price. This is a well made coffee grinder that does as well as the ones at the supermarket that cost much more money. Yes the 
Cats now love us...ha. We got one of these for our 2 cats and a day later had to get another one. They loved it so much that we felt 
FIESTA!. This is a great idea! Everyone should have AT LEAST ONE of these ~ personally I d get one for every member of the household. The well is perfect 
Best tie rack. This is the best tie rack we have found. Each tie has it s own hanger and they don t slide off. We are very happy with 
Excellent cookware. Very stylish and great to cook with. For the price, you can t beat it  
love them!. I love these ramekins. They are beautiful, sturdy, and a perfect size for a little dish of yogurt, fruit, or whatever  
Depends on your application. I got the paw protectors because my dog injured his back and would drag his feet, scraping his nails and making them bleed. The paw protectors 
Love this!. And I loved the price!Replaces two regular old fashioned post holders, is washable and has non skid strips  
It s true. Our dog Luna has busted every ball until now. This is the best.  
I m happy with my purchase. I did a lot of research reading reviews and such and decided on this model for the price as well as function. I used 
Great Little Grill. I love using the Sportman s Grill. It gets hot fast and temperature control is easy with the damper and two-position grate. I keep mine seasoned with 
Love it. It is everything I expected. It is very easy to use. Great when making tacos, because there is so many things to slice and dice. Easy to store 
Love it!. This is a great kitchen tool, especially for soups and sauces. No more transfering to the blender. A must have for your kitchen  
Great, Multipurpose. I have these and love them. I m glad I didn t waste my time with some look-alikes I saw. These are the same quality as the rest 
Respect your cutlery!. These Shun knives are sharp, they are very sharp.Most of my cutlery set is made up of various Wusthof knives, I simple prefer the weight and heft 
GREAT SET. Received this set for Christmas along with a Delonghi Coffee and Expresso maker. These cups are perfect for expresso s but the 8oz capacity is more like 6 
Steel. Item was as advertised. I used a neighbors for several years prior to finding this on Amazon. Very pleased with its ability to sharpen and hone a knife to 
Fun, Practical and Beautiful all in one!. I have collected all of Le Creuset s fruit and vegetable shaped cast iron enameled casseroles. They are beautiful to display on a 
Pretty darn nice. Similar to previous reviews, these sheets are somewhat stiff. Just like all other sateen sheets, they get softer the more you use them. They were very comfortable 
Love the hand blender. I love this blender for smoothies, pureed dips, soups. It s powerful and quick and so easy to clean. Just do NOT use it to chop 
Nice, big durable bag. We recently purchased this to store an 8 foot Christmas tree.The material is heavyweight tarp type material, and seems adequate. The handles are well sticked on 
I love this!...Can t imagine life without one.... I love this thing! I couldn t imagine life without it. I originally bought it over a year ago, because I was 
A Miracle Indeed... The best product ever! I have 5 cats... and let me tell you... if it weren t for this product I would have gone insane a long 
great product. I love this napkin holder and the matching paper towel holder. They re weighted so they don t fly off the counter when removing a napkin or paper 
Love these pots!. I ve had alot of different sets of pots over the years and I just love these! Love the fact that they re nonstick and dishwasher safe. 
For the price works moderately well. I have a 3 1 2 year old Boxer that barks, cries, whines, and howls when I go to work...ALL DAY...I know, I recorded 
Lovin these glasses. Great glasses at a great price. Also stylish and clean lines. I would recommend this line of glassware, of which I purchased the entire set.  
Royal Doulton Provence Rouge Dark 12-Ounce Accent Mug. The dark rouge is a little lighter in color than I thought it would be, but it matches the Provence rouge perfectly. 
Nothing like homemade ice cream. This unit replaced an identical ice cream maker we have had since 1977. Some do not like to hand crank their ice cream but our 
Good Design. This colander works well with most items except those that are very small, such as angel hair pasta, which comes through the sieve openings. I like the way 
Great Product!. I bought this grill for my daughter in New York. I bought one a year ago and love to use it. Not only does it cook your food 
Really nice knife. I ve had this knife for about a month now, and continue to really enjoy it. The sharpness of the knife is almost uncanny. The handle looks 
Not as Pictured. The product was fine and the box was what we ordered, however, what was in the box was not what was pictured. I don t htink it 
Me & my two Golden Retrievers LOVE this. When I bought this machine after haveing to by a new vacuum every year for the past 3 years I was afraid 
Neat but not silver. Great kitchen item see other reviews . Pretty design BUT... I gave 4 stars not 5 due to the hassle of having to exchange the 1st 
A bowl of many uses!. We love these bowls!! We use them for ice cream and cereal and soup and all sorts of things that the regular bowls were too 
My cats love it. And I love the nice storage tub. If I get catnip in the bag, the cats find it and rip it open.  
Pleasantly Surprised!!. I admit I was very skeptical of this, a Crock Pot Bbq pit, this was a purchase for my wife. She has since made a brisket, whole chicken 
Best way to store butter. Butter stays fresh, out in the open and easy to spread  
Great Buy!!. I purchased this blanket for my 16 year old son after much research online. I thought it a gamble purchasing a blanket that I couldn t actually feel, 
Fast shipping. Like the pan, tho not as deep as my old pan. Fast shipping. I will order another when the need arises  
Good Product. Cooks, cleans up and stores well. Had to burn some pancakes until we got the burners adjusted to the correct settings. Our burners are 2 sizes so we 
Strong Power Kitchen Tool. I have been using this Factory- Reconditioned Kitchen Aid for 100 days. I think that is the good thing with a strong power. It srand up 
Amazing!. This product is amazing! We turn it on for about 30 minutes before going to bed and turn it off when get into bed . The warmth from the 
Fantastic Flannel sheets. These sheets are warm, soft, and ever so inviting. Garnet red just made for an even better Valentine s Day evening, even though it was 2 weeks 
To Bark or not to Bark... that is the question. I have a 16 mo. old Border Collie that likes to bark for any or no reason at all. At 
good, small machine. I purchased this machine used, so I can t really properly comment on whether or not it s worth buying at full price. The are several features 
Windor Chair. These chairs are of very good quality and construction. They compare to similar chairs purchased at three times the price for previously purchased items  
amazing healing. irecently purchased a bottle of zymox with hydrocortisone for my lab who has had several really bad ear infections i was spending a fortune at the vets office.i 
small enough to not want the mini. Most importantly, this is SMALL. This is the same size as one-person clay pot rice or bibimbap. It is the size of a 
Indispensible. The only problem: I tried to figure how you could make the label harder to remove from the surface and came up with nothing  
Excellent for the cheese lovers. All knives are not created equal. If you indulge in a variety of cheeses and are spending big bucks on the best quality, why not 
Great Glasses. I love the fact that these glasses can go in the dishwasher.. they are not nearly as susceptible to breakage as the Riedel glasses with stems. I have 
pizza oven. the pizzazz pizza oven works like no regular oven can. i recommend this product highly  
Nice size and weight. Slim, sits in cupboard and wastes no space when not in use. Good clear bell can be heard rooms away from kitchen.  
works well.... To start, amazon was very prompt to send out new replacement unit. I could not get the water running on the first one. I was a problem with 
No nasty filters to clean!. This humidifier works really well in my son s room. You can keep the level of humidity right where you want it, or program it 
Excellent alternative to shock collars. I have an old beagle who decided in her dotage that she would bark when ever she didn t get her way, she was becoming 
Good, but not great. A passionate home cook that has been honing her cooking skills for the last 25 years writes this review. My favorite cookbooks are The Professional Chef 
So Comfortable!. I wish that I had purchased the sheet set earlier so that I could have enjoyed them all winter, they are so comfortable, even with flannel pj s 
aesthetically pleasing. This knife rack complements both your global and non-global knives beautifully. I store 3 henckels knives, 3 global knives, kitchen shears, and a global fish turner on the 
great but..... my sisters and I wanted these pots for ourselves as our mom has had these since she got married and they ve lasted her for 40 years. However 
Euro-Pro Shark Super Steamer Review. I am really glad that I bought this item.I cannot scrub things anymore due tocontinious pain in my arms and this helpsme to keep things 
A shockingly good vacuum!. OK this vacuum makes me WANT to vacuum like everyday! It picks up everything before it first pass. and it fluffs up the carpet fibers so 
Very Good Product. I gave these as a gift to my mother for Christmas. She could not have thanked me enough. A very good product for the price  
No problems so far. I bought this light for my wife several months ago. There have been absolutely no problems, and it even seems to be holding up better than 
I have only had this for a month!. I haven t had this long, but I really like it. The only reason I give it 4 stars is because amazon 
nice product, teflon on pan doesn t last all that long. It works someone complained about water on the eggs. They are poached eggs. Poached eggs are wet unless you 
great!. no complaints! good quality, easy to put together and larger than I had expected  
49erbabe. Don t hesitate to buy this light weight blanket. It is wonderfully made; the reason I m giving it a 5 rating is that it fits my California King 
Not bad. For the price, these are nice towels. There were no snags or even loose threads. After a couple washes, they looked fine and felt great when coming out 
Great Device. Bought this opener to replace one of the competitors that failed to work Think TV . This unit works as advertised, one touch--can open  
food mill. I had been looking for a food mill for quite some time now. I even purchased one at Bed, Bath & Beyond. It couldn t do the processing 
Truly amazing!. OK, like others here, I was highly skeptical. But then I remembered how skeptical I was of the concept that you can remove onion and garlic smells from 
Finally, a cat collar that works!. I bought three of these collars for my cats because we re moving and I want them to have IDs.In the past, I ve 
Good quality space saver. This spice stadium seating - as a friend calls it - is a great space saver. I can easily fit four rows of spices in a 
Very Elegant. The set is a very beautiful set. The color is not yellow as it appears in the picture. The color is really Oatmeal beige. It has a distressed 
I use this whisk almost daily. I purchased this whisk more than 1 year ago and I ve used it more than any other whisk in my kitchen. It does 
Skillet. I have always liked Cuisinart products and this one is no exception. It is a heavy stainless and heats evenly. It is great for omelets or other egg dishes. 
Thumbs up!!. I love this machine. While it does take some getting used to it sure does make ironing a breeze. Yes, the ironing space is a bit smaller than 
Happy for Five Years. Like other people, I bought this to reclaim my sinks. I had 4 cats and had to wait my turn to brush my teeth. This wasn 
AMAZING PRODUCT. I have 3 cats and I have tried every kind of litter. THIS IS THE ONLY kind that doesn t smell at all!!!!! GREAT A Worth EVERY PENN 
Fabulous expresso maker. This is a well thought out machine. It s easy to use and to maintain and makes awesome coffee and expesso drinks. Every expresso maker I ve 
Great Game Center for Children. I purchased this gaming entertainment center for my son when he was only 3. He has a 13 TV VCR and an original Nintendo system 
Pretty useful. I ve only used this for lemons for my Fresh Asparagus soup. It does what it s supposed to do with not too much effort. Worth the money, 
beautiful!. Beautiful, good quality bowls. Heavy and thick, they won t break easily. Vibrant colors. I ll be buying more  
Easy to Make - Wonderful Ice Cream!. I normally don t write reviews but this little machine has inspired me to do so. First, it s very easy to use. 
Great scale. I don t know what that other customer is talking about - this scale can weigh down to the .1 oz. I ve used it for soap making 
LOVE IT!. I ve now had mine for about 1 year. We had a vacuum previously that used bags. Having a dog in the home, it seemed that the vacuum 
Great surface!. We live in a rental house in Germany, and the kitchen is really bad. There is only an 18 inch square counter space to prepare food and to 
Buyer Beware. This is a great roasting rack, however, I bought it to go in my All-Clad small roasting pan and it doesn t fit. All-Clad makes a set that 
50 s retro table and chairs. Very minor problem but was quickly worked out and I just love i  
Awesome Coffee Mug. My wife recently gave me one of these mugs. Not only does it not leak but I clip it on my briefcase everyday after work so i 
Dirt Devil Power Stick is definitely powerful. This little thing actually jumps when you start it, it has so much power. But, it is a little weighty and when the 
KitchenAid - worth the price. This is an excellent set for the money. The steak knives actually cut steak too! I have recommended this set to family members. Attractive too 
THIS BRAVE LITTLE TOASTER JUST MIGHT LAST FOREVER BUT BE CAREFUL: IT S HOT. IN A NUTSHELL: WE HAVE USED THE MODEL #22205 DAILY SINCE 1997The model 22205 is almost 
Super device!. I have been using the same product for 1 year. It is really very good. The most important thing for me that it doesn t make any noise 
good support. This neck pillow offers considerable support under the neck---bought it to replace an old one that had become thread-bare...husband uses it all the time.  
Great Pillows!. To be honest, I was not certain what to expect when I bought these pillows. As it turns out, they are fantastic pillows and are quite comfortable  
Looks good, versatile, and cleans up easily. This was my second Chantal purchase, and I m now sold on the brand. The dish looks beautiful, and like a little-black-dress manages 
It Works!. My new oaken coat tree is fabulous. Ever since day one it has performed beyond expectations. Right now it is over there in the corner holding three jackets 
Less trips to McDonald s!!. This fryer makes the most delicious fries,my whole family raved about them! I took the advice of the prior reviewer and kept the temperature at 
What a great purchase! I m totally satisfied!!!!. I did so good on this purchase getting the benefit of it being refurbished it was for a lower price almost half 
Air please. This window fan is great. My boyfriend is a smoker and this helps keep the smoke from smelling up the place!  
Good for the price!. I paid only a small amount of money for this heater and it works fine. The thermostat is a little off, but I can mle adjustments 
Colorful, retro style for your countertop. This sugar packet caddy is a perfect match to the cobalt spoon rest I already owned. It adds a splash of color to my 
Great Heater for the Basement. We have finished our basement and have a home theater room which is on the cool side. WE bought this heater to warm up the 
Great aquarium to start with. I ve really enjoyed having this aquarium. Just a note however, if the waterline drops at all the pump stops working. I went through 3 
Great Canister for the . This little Eureka Boss has great suction power. If you use an upright, but need a canister for furniture, wall carpet corners, window sills, cobwebs, 
Too Cute...a kitchen must have. This is perfect! Finally, a banana holder that holds bananas without tipping over! And, it s charming too...own a piece of art designed by Arthur 
How did I live without it. grilled cheese, meats, veggies-- this is the best  
Just what I expected from Calphalon. An excellent kitchen tool. Use it every day. It seems to be of a very high quality.  
Super Deal - Great Product. I purchased this product to organize my kitchen cabinets. It s so nice to open the cabinet doors and find my raisins, powdered sugar and 
great pan. Great combo, excellent quality you won t be disappointed. I like the nonstick finish on the roasting rack as it makes cleanup a snap. A non-scratch pad, like 
I love Fiestaware. These are very nice plates, they are on the larger side but not too big. They are also very sturdy. I love the colors too this is 
Where has this pan been all my life?!. Wow! Did we ever need this years ago!!! Goodbye to those metal muffin pans that rust after a year and are a 
Cuisinart Cookware. I have really loved this set. It looks great, cleans easily, and I love cooking with it. You really need to use a lower heat setting when cooking, 
So soft. These sheets are wonderful. They are so soft!! Be careful when you wash them, though. I got the burgundy and have washed them twice and they are still 
Great Product. Everyone that comes to our house has to laugh when the dogs ring the bell to go out. Very fast learning curve for the dogs. One of my 
NEAT SUGAR BOWL. WHAT CAN YOU SAY ABOUT A SUGAR BOWL? THIS ONE IS NEAT,THE COBALT BLUE IS A DEEP BLUE.GREAT ADDITION TO YOUR KITCHEN,I ALSO PURCHASED THE BUTTER DISH 
It does the job well. The Black and Decker S600 power scrubber does the job well. I am satisfied with its performance. I was a bit concerned that the battery 
GOOD VALUE. I GOT THESE FOR CHRISTMAS PRESENTS,ONE FOR MY BOYFREIND AND ONE FOR MY BROTHER.THEY WORK GREAT ARE EASY TO CLEAN AND THE PRICE WAS WONDERFU  
It works well. I found the floor cleaner relatively easy to use and did my whole floor. I have half laminate flooring and half tile, so I used it on 
Just right. This pan makes classic, perfect madeleines. Be sure to use a nice brush to coat the grooves well with vegetable oil or butter. I prefer this to my 
Step aside Starbucks, theres a new coffee shop in town!. This is by far the BEST machine ever created for coffee addicts! Since I got it for christmas I have 
makes fantastic toast but doesn t match my stand mixer. This toaster makes the most evenly cooked toast I have ever seen. Even better than my 4 slot Cuisinart toaster. 
Great set of glasses!. Sturdy design and a nifty looking shape. It was a really good deal for such a low price  
Great jumbo mug!. Big enough to hold your morning cereal, afternoon Ramen, or evening hot cocoa! Gave one to my roommate last semester and she used it all the time! 
Awesome deep dish pizza pan!. I purchased this piece as part of a set from Williams Sonoma. It was a great price, but when I unpacked this enormous baker I 
Love this little guy. I use this every day! I love making smoothies, and this makes it such a breeze. Great for other small jobs as well ...I regularly make 
Just like store bought. This pan makes a frozen pizza crispy just like those from pizzarias.It saves the oven from a mess and produces a crisp crust but a soft 
Very useful...........daily. I find that I use these almost daily. They basically have become my new prep bowls.........for small amounts. Nice quality, easy stacking, even great color. Will probably buy 
delivery mistake but worth the wait. they sent me king sheets instead of queen, but quickly replaced them, they are wonderfully soft and rich looking. i love them!  
Great Quality. These knives are very easy to hold in your hand because of the rubber handles. They clean very easily and they are extremely sharp. They cut very well 
Floormate 800. Very good Vacuum and Liquid management. Believe water collection tank design could be better. Must remove with 2 hands or all your hard work is back down on 
Very satisfied with DeLonghi Toaster!. Purchased this toaster oven from Amazon and it s really the best toaster oven I ve ever owned...no more Black & Decker or the 30 
Fantastic RV cookware!. If you need cookware for an RV or small cabin or apartment, this is the highest quality set I ve found. The only way they d get 
looks great, frees up space, but heavy. I got this for our Global collection. I read the other reviews, and decided to buy this, even though you can find magnets 
Filters used for my nutone range hood. The kitchen odors were getting very bad. We realized that the filter had never been changed. It is an old recirculating system over 
A great item!. As all Delonghi products, this panini maker is a great buy! The look is stylish, but most of all it cooks delicious food. It is very easy 
super super. This is the best griddle for two people - Love it and am glad that I purchased it  
Dirt Devil Kone - Makes my life easy. Love, love, love this product! I m back to buy a couple more of these vacs in differnt colors. I think it 
Best Rice Cooker ever!!. This rice cooker does not sing, I think other reviews are confusing it with another model. This one lets out a simple chirp when it is 
New to cappuccino making. I bought this machine because of the price. I have only made a few cups, and they were pretty good. I believe that this is something 
Not perfect, but beautiful. I have to say, I think Mr. Walker s review of these glasses isn t taking into account these are hand blown pieces. Every piece of 
Da Best!. The reviews I read on this toy in Cat Fancy was right on. My cat cries for this toy every night when I get home from work. She 
Lights. Although the lights are very pretty, the information in the box states that the lights are to be used on a short term basis no more then 90 days 
Great!... This is a great pan to cook loaves of bread. It cleans easily and doesn t rust like aluminum pans do. I highly recommend this pan  
Handy and Easy. I really like this model. When not in use, the bowl turns upside down and pretty much encases the unit. You can go back and forth from 
Nice quality. This mattress pad is plush, soft and comfortable. Washed it recently for the first time and the quality held very well. Fits the mattress nicely and doesn t 
Great Weight Loss Tool and Nice Looking on the Counter. I love this set. I held off for a long time since I thought them a bit pricy. THEY ARE 
A way to Really enjoy red wine. These are high quality wine glasses at a good price.The large size enhances the aroma of a red wine, increasing the enjoyment  
This knife is great. I bought this knife after researching most of the high-end kitchen knives henckels, wusthoff, global, etc . It has performed great in my kitchen. The VG-10 
Noisy, but excellent. We have had other electric kettles, but the Chef s Choice is by far the best. It s really noisy when heating boiling water, but that s 
Coffee Aroma...the best Alarm Clock. Except for having to hold the carafe steady to avoid it dripping while you pour, this is the best small capacity programmable coffee maker for 
Nice surprise. I ordered these for display only. I was surprised to read about having to remove the coating before use, but what the heck I was using them to 
Better than I expected. I just bought this loveseat cover after a lot of deliberation. I was nervous that it isn t fitted but it fits very nicely and I 
better tasting coffee in this pot. I was worried about buying a refurbished item. But this was like brand new. No problems at all. I love coffee, to the point 
PERFECT MICROWAVE!. This microwave is exactly what I had in mind. I ordered it on Monday night and it came on Wednesday afternoon! It also cooks very evenly.  
Great for shaved ice snow balls!. We have had this for a few years and it works wonderfully. We grab regular ice cubes from the freezer, toss them in, hold 
Better than magic bullet!. My kids wanted the magic bullet because they really love to have smoothies for breakfast. I honestly couldn t see spending 60 for something not listing 
Most durable dog toy yet. This dog toy is the most durable one I have had for my dog. He had chewed and destroyed every other brand we got. It 
No more charcoal lighter fluid!. A great way to start charcoal, get rid of newspaper and reduce petroleum dependency. Simply use two full newspaper pages to bottom of chimney then 
An American Classic and a true gem of a can opener. You cant buy a better hand operated manual can opener! Thats not right, you cant buy a better can 
Onida Palm dinnerware set. It was perfect for our purposes. Every day dinnerware. Decorative yet simple the only flaws are a slightly irregular shape to the bowls only noticeable when 
LamsonSharp Slotted Turner. An excellent product. Many, many uses. Has retained it s color and flexibility after multiple washing in the dishwasher. My son is also requesting this turner. Well 
Great for making salad dressing. I have one of these and it really makes my ranch dressing so creamy. I use it to make my own ranch with the Hidden 
Cuisinart Chefs Classic Nonstick Hard-Anodized 12 piece cookware ser. After 40 years of marriage, I have finally found cookware that lives up to its description. I enjoy cooking with these 
Greatest Ever. I burned up countless lesser spatulas before I found this one. Try as I might, I can not damage it. Not even in cast iron cookware. Get one 
Very impressed, works Great!. I ve used a Starbucks version of the Bodum Travel press and it worked well for over two years until I microwaved it to death the 
My Favorite Stock Pot. This Swiss Diamond 8.5 quart nonstick stockpot is my most recent addition to my cooking collection which also includes stockpots from Le Creuset, All Clad and 
Good, but not quite as I expected. The knife cuts very well and is just the right length for your average meal prep. The only complaint is the hollow-ground fluted 
A classic design and Pfaltzgrff quality. This was one pattern that both my wife and I could agree on. The design is clean and interesting and should fit with most 
Excellent towels. I wasn t expecting much when I ordered these towels. I had been shopping at places like Bed Bath & Beyond and Linens and Things, but their prices 
Pretty slick!. Due to their shape, much easier to store than traditional rounded measuring spoons. The swivel design also makes them more likely to get clean in the dishwasher. An 
Easiest to assemble. If you have ever struggled putting furniture such as this together, you will LOVE this item. I also purchased the hutch and had both together in about 
Serta markets Leggett and Platt products... I m writing this review mostly because of OldAmazonian s complaint that the foam pad is made by Leggett and Platt. I don t 
Darned Label Earns it 4 stars. The trashcan is fine. I was all ready to report that OXO heard you and changed the way the label sticks to the front 
Not bad for the price. This knife was purchased for us as a wedding gift and we ve used it for 10 years. Not all the time, mind you, but 
Zephyr teakettle. I absolutely love this kettle! It is sleek and stylish and heats up super quickly. It also holds more than it appears and pours soooo smoothly. I gave 
9 Piece Set for 349!!. I ordered these to replace a flaking Circulon anodized set from a few years ago. I have yet to receive my 9-piece set, so my 
Really Good Toaster. The digital that I have is a great way to get perfect toast. If anyone burns there toast, it s not the toasters fault, they don t 
Awesome! Fast and Delicious!!. If you buy one of these, you will never eat microwave popcorn again. Be sure to go to your local Smart & Final and get some 
Just what I wanted. I had this white plastic portable paper towel holder I loved and I had it for about 20 years -- I d never seen another one 
Compact and easy to use. The Henckels Twin Sharp Duo Knife Sharpener is a must have for any kitchen. I use it often, to keep my knives sharp and in 
Huge Mug. This thing is an enormous 24 oz. and is very well insulated. I am deeply in love with this product  
Mixed feelings. I have mixed feelings about this knife. First of all according to the Consumer Report it doesn t cut as well as the Wusthof Classic knives. This size 
FUN French Swiss European Eating. We are very pleased with our HB Raclette Grill! We originally tried raclette cooking in France with friends and bought our own. We ve used 
Model 640. I m very pleased with this slicer. Shaves ham and slices bread. Cheddar cheese doesn t slow the motor down in the least. Nicely designed. Easy to clean, 
Consider the Alternatives. This knife is certainly of high quality and construction, but consider the price. In my experience, I have bought a similar Santoku however mine is a 7 
Nice large pockets for deep matresses. What a set of sheets! They cover everything from the boxspring up to the matress pad!!!! No stretching or fighting to get the corners 
Size doesn t matter............. ALL toppers are cut smaller than the mattress size so that your sheets fit properly. This inch or so on each side does not cause your 
Nice lamps. I have the table lamp and 2 of the floor lamps. They look better than lamps I ve seen for 3x as much money. They have 3 way 
Surprising benefit - quieter!. Ordinarily I would not be particularly excited about odor-removing filters. However, I was surprised after installing my first replacement set of odor filters that my purifier 
Eclipse Size. The Eclipse System 3 measures 11 1 2 H x 12 L x 6 3 4 D and holds 3 U.S. gallons  
Inexpensive and works great!. This is a very versatile machine, amazing for the price. It has a regular coffee maker side and an espresso side, which makes great espresso, cappucinos, 
The kitty doesn t care : . I was told that some cats don t like scented litter. This was not the cheapest product on the shelf either. I bought 
beautiful little design. This gorgeous little pitcher was ordered for use in the office. It was just the right size to hold enough water so that I didn t have 
Versatile scrapbooking and cardmaking system. Fiskars, well-known for their scissors and paper punches, makes a great system for embossing, stenciling and cutting. It s super for scrapbooking and cardmaking. Everything 
Drinkwell cat fountain. Love it, and my cats love it. I can t believe I waited this long. Great product and easy to clean  
Elegant, versatile and useful!. I am so pleased with my purchase of this dinnerware! It is such a tasteful and elegant pattern that can be used for special occasions as 
Simple and wonderful. I bought this for my wife as a gift. Works exactly as it says it does. It cleans easy and is very small, so it takes up 
Great for Leftovers Taken to Work for Lunch!. My husband has had the 22oz mug for several years now and always uses it to take leftover dinner for lunch at 
Love the Pan. ...was using the Calphalon Non-Stick One Pan for 2 years prior to replacing it with this one. Was so disappointed with the Calphalon One Non-stick even though 
Great Can!. This pedal operated can does not scoot around the floor, cannot be opened by my two year old unless he uses the pedal, and has withstood my four 
Best Pan I have ever used. I bought this pan and its absolutely great. It is light weight and cooks with no oils and doesn t stick at all. The 
It doesn t take a lot to become a professional cook. There are tradeoffs in knife making as there are in most things. If you want an edge that can 
I love my Vornado!. I live in an old drafty icebox of a house built in the 1930 s. Even when I run my gas heater, it doesn t do 
Not just for Pizza. I LOVE these screens because they do SO MUCH MORE than pizza. YUP, I m a multi-task gadget junkie and these fit the requirements. Use them 
It takes a bit to get used to but ... in the long run, I can see it being faster than pulling out an iron and board after some practice. 
Best Ice Cream Possible. I highly recommend this item. I had a Donvier, and it doesn t begin to compare. This makes the richest, creamiest home made ice cream I 
Great office refrigerator. Purchased for my office area - our shared office refrigerator is always a science project. This baby had SPACE. Several folks on my team use it - 
i m satisfied. water doesn t taste quite as good as ozarka spring from the smaller, hard-plastic bottles . but when cold, taste is still good enough for me. much, 
fun exercise for kitties. Our daughter has two cats--an orange and white Maine Coon and a small, delicate black cat with a tiny white spot on her chest. This was 
Very cute table. I just ordered this table. It matches perfectly with my couch and the coffee table. It is easy to put together and I m not good with 
Emerisware 4 qt saucepan. This item is really teriffic! The only negative is its weight if you can consider that a negagtive! . I knew it would be heavy as 
Get blown away. I have used Patton air circulators for the last twenty years,and if you are looking for something much more effecient thanthe common box fan that you see 
Gotta have one... We have AllClad LTD but when our old electric griddle died, we picked up one of these. It s such a luxury to have flip food so 
Great replacement for my 20 year old electric knife. We only pull it out twice a year, Chistmas and Thanksgiving, but it s great to have one sharp and ready 
Easy and Fast. This gadget was a great gift for my boyfriend who loves being able to have fresh pepper at the press of a button. The light seemed silly 
Works Great Without Wires. Purchased to replace our constantly broken intercom system. Installation is a matter of pushing a button so even I was able to do it and I 
Very Happy. I purchased the Hall Table, coffee table and 2 end tables. They were easy for my husband to put together and I plan on getting one more end 
Elegant look! works both as liner and cutain... Elegant look! works both as liner and cutain...we are using it as a liner...but it looks pretty good...softer material...definately a must buy... 
my mom loved these plates. i recently purchased the sakura embossed palm 16 pc. dinnerware set for my mom for christmas. she absolutely loves them. they are so unique and 
Best possible value for 30. This is an excellent pan, a little effort is required to keep the copper looking naturally beautiful but that is to be expected. It s 
Honeywell Pure Hepa 50250. Good unit, helps my girlfriend who has allergies. Downside is that it has a bright blue light that lights the roon at night if it isnt 
This is a Serious Piece of Kitchen Equipment. This is a serious piece of kitchen equipment.We make lots of french fries by baking them in the oven to keep them 
Great Mickey Wafflemaker. This is a Great Mickey Wafflemaker. It is a hit with the kids and is a good value for a quality product  
Great Grill. I purchased the Hamilton Beah In-Door Grill and it s awesome. The clean up is fast and quick. The best part is it s immersible after you remove 
Great for night shift in the hospital!!!!!. We are a group of 5 night shift nurses that love this sweeper. It did a great job cleaning up our nurses station. 
Gorgeous!. These glasses are wonderful. They are a great shape and size not too small and really do make the wine taste better! The only downside is that they are 
Batali Lasagna Pan is Best. The Mario Batali lasagna pan is the best pan I ve used. It is extra deep so it holds really thick layers of all the 
Vittles Vault. Great and reliable product. Would buy more if I need to  
Great quality, details and value!. These towels surprised me with their thickness and the quality detailing on them. The edges are beautifully finished and the banding has a sophisticated detail 
I love it. I love these dishes. They are great. So pretty, and elegant. I just use them for everyday use, and they are very sturdy.  
We are enjoying it. The wine tower arrived in great condition and was fairly easy to put together. It looks great in our dining room, and we have it filled 
Perfect!. I have had this coffee maker about a week now. Everything works great! I had one of the older non-programmable Mr. Coffee s that was still working, but I 
Nice Queen Set. These have been great sheets, and the price was not bad either. We did not pay a lot for these but the are well worth even more 
worth the . Performed as advertised, only problem as with all waffle makers is that you can only feed one person at a time, keeping them warm in the oven 
I love this pot. I have had this pot about 2 years now, and it functions flawlessly. I have always been a tea drinker, and after my last tea kettle 
Bought for Blade & O Ring. I bought this Blend in go cup to get the blade & the O ring for my blender in my kitchen because I did 
Great weight & quality - VERY Calphalon like!!. I was very impressed by the heft of this nice sized stockpot! The bottom has a double bottom annealed to it making 
Thank you Amazon for carrying this item!. You re supposed to replace these filters every two months - I couldn t find them in a store anywhere and tried ordering 
My Border Collie loves this ball!. My border collie puppy has been playing with this ball since she was 10 weeks old. She has torn up almost every toy we 
Tropix Platic Glasses. They work as advertised. I drink a lot of water and like it cold. This is just the thing to have for cold water or beverages. I 
a very pleasing knife. Ordered this because per other recommendations i have smaller hands and thought this knife might work -- and it does, i am making significantly more salads 
Great pans but no care & use directions. Pans are great but there were no care and use directions - luckily I have experience with cast iron or I would 
AMAZING. This cleaner will get out ANYTHING. New and very old stains are no problem. I have tried everything on these multiple spots that were left by the previous owner. 
Yes! You can actually drink comfortably from this!. This is the height of cool literally, the handle stays comfortable and style with a dollop of unconventionality as the kicker. The 
Perfection. Holds everything. Makes perfect pot roasts. I use all clad MC2 for most cooking, but when I need to braise I use this -- I love it  
Small footprint, big performer. This is the third Sanyo SK-7W Toasty Oven I bought. I gave one he took :- my original one to my son when he moved away, 
Iced tea spoons. These spoons were requested by my son and I was pleased to find them on Amazon since I couldn t find them anywhere else. I gave them 
T-Fal Color Collection Nonstick 2-Piece Saute Pan Set, Blueberry. I JUST HAVE TO SAY IF YOU HAVE SPENT YEARS AND YEARS IN THE KITCHEN LOOKING FOR THE PERFECT PANS THAT 
Best Frozen Dessert Maker EVER!!. For making soft serve ice cream in a personal setting, it s really hard to beat the KitchenAid maker. I learned that it can make 
Cobalt Blue. I purchased this in Cobalt Blue. It goes with my Fiestaware dishes, as well as my Pzaltsgraf and Longerberger Pottery. I also agree that the color and glaze 
Really beautiful and a great value. I was extremely impressed by these Fusion glasses. I would not pay 20plus for a glass, but if I did I would want them 
Good job Drinkwell!!!. I have two cats and I definteley spoil them rotten! When I first decided to get a water fontain for my cats I chose the Petmate Freshflow 
Inexpensive, easy to build. This Sauder bookcase is inexpensive and quick to put together. I bought two of these to put in my apartment. The only problem with them is 
Cuisinart Burr Mill coffee Grinder. This works much better than the blade type grinder. I think you get a much better flavor from your coffee and it seems milder also. 
Love it!. Love it! Love it! Love it! What more can I say. Works great. Like new  
FANTASTIC product!!!. I can t imagine anyone not loving this electric kettle. My first one was a gift, received about 5 years ago. It s used numerous times every day 
Great Product.....could be better!. Recently my wife got rid of all the non-stick Teflon dishes due to health concerns. We got this pan especially for cooking eggs etc. Although a 
Fabric is definitely the way to go!!. Ever had a vinyl shower curtain liner always kick the fancy hooks off the bar when trying to unfold it, and you didn 
If 10 stars were possible, the Z5 would get them all. I have had my Z5 for two months, and bought it after much careful research. My previous machine was 
BEST SLICER EVER. I like this slicer, its been great, had this for 2 to 3 yrs already, very good, and also has replacement wire, but the wire to cut 
Very practical for your home made ice cream. I bought it because I make ice cream at home and I need exact temperature readings I use the How to make 
Even Heating Durable Pan. This Pan heats so evenly that it is almost impossible to burn. I found no problem with the stainless steel being too soft. Cleaning is no 
Quality design. There are three things that set these spoons apart from the competition. The most important is the handle design. The curved handle acts as a support so that 
Most excellent!. This is a great mill. It catches the attention of all of my guests who remark at its pro quality  
The Best. I ve used all kinds of potty pads and these are as good as any AND the best price  
Love the whole set!. My husband bought me these for Christmas and I love them. The cups are thick.. feel like a restaurant cups, and the tree is very decorative. 
Great size and feel. Since we bust up wine glasses with distressing regularity, this inexpensive set by a name manufacturer seemed like a good bet. We haven t been disappointed. 
so soft. I bought 2 of these and they are so soft and comfy. I love these blankets. They are so superior to other blankets in their price range. The 
great holder. I love this paper towel holder and the matching napkin holder. They re weighted so they don t fly off the counter when removing a napkin or paper 
Perfect Toaster!. This Krups Toaster is the best I have ever used!Perfect toast every time. The wide slots center bagels properly and you have the option to toast the cut 
Works Just Fine. I bought this kettle recently and have had no issues with it. I followed the instructions by rinsing the entire kettle, then boiling 2 full pots of 
Best I have ever owned!. I have had many different kinds of wine openers...Screwpull, rabbits etc...and nothing compares to the ease of this Cork Pop! I have the Legacy version. 
It is shaaaaaarp!. I bought one for my daughter a year ago and finally bought one of my own recently and it is the most amazing knife imaginable. As a 
A great coffee canister. I was very pleased with this canister. It looks great and it was priced right.  
Nice little knifes. These knifes are small and razor sharp. Extreemly good at peeling & chopping  
Great machine, but spend the extra money to get the Gaggia Evolution. I have only had it for a few days, but moving up from a Krups Pump system with 
Good product!. I do not know about other reviewers, but I am happy with my purchase. The suction power is great and cleaning the bag is just as filthy as 
good knife. The knife I purchased had a smaller handle than I expected; however, it cuts wonderfully  
I love my broom vac. With cats comes cat hair. I was tired of dragging the vacuum around and trying to suck up cat hair with a skinny hose. This 
Excellent everyday pan!. This pan along with several others I have acquired from the Calphalon Tri-Ply line is fantastic. Great weight and balance, superb craftsmanship, the glass lids fit snugly 
Great Coffee, Imperfect Design. I bought the DeLonghi DCM485 after reading reviews on all the other thermal carafe coffee makers I could find. My wife and I are quite pleased 
Excellent Value. At 7.99 this is a great item, which is difficult to find in linen stores. The case is a beautiful, deep navy color with a white zipper. Linens 
Easy to read and accurate. I replaced my old oven thermometer since the small print had become difficult to read w o glasses. This one is very easy to read 
Thought this was great. I got this set from my mother and i love it. The candles lasted a long time. I received it last year and still have the 
We use it and still love it. It s a great product, I think you will like it. My wife wanted some flannel sheeting and I found this for a 
BEAUTIFUL DISH. Although the casserole set & mixing bowls arrived shattered... the baking dish arrived in one piece and it is beautiful. Can t wait to bake my first Lasagna 
Norpro Stainless Steel Colander. This is a good quality product that I was happy to receive. I do quite a bit of pastas and vegetables. It holds a lot, drains 
Slow and Steady. OK, so the water comes out at it s own nice easy pace now... sloooooow.... at least it s nice and clean! I had lots of trouble 
just what I was looking for. This little sharpener is perfect! I was asking for this in stores before it even hit the market. It is so easy to use 
VillaWare Prima Pizella Baker Primo!. The pizzelle baker performed very well. The batches of pizzelles were excellent and the recipes included were good. I recommend this pizzelle iron.  
Necessary tool. This has become my all-time favorite attachment. I use it on bookcases, electronics, fans, furniture, wall hangings, frames. I have severe allergies, so this beats dusting  
Best thing.... I own REVEL TORTILLA MAKER for almost a month now, and I have no complaints from the product. It is the best thing for those who want to 
The best BY FAR!!!. I have used these types of crochet hooks for years, and absolutely love them. They are designed to be really smooth so the yarn moves across 
Love my Sango!. I have 2 of these 8 place settings and am very pleased with this product. I have purchased other complimenting pieces as well and have had no 
This this is SO COOL no pun intended . It looks great, fits well, reaches far enough up your forearm, and most importantly, keeps you from getting burnt. Awesome  
I love this glassware!. I highly recommend this set of glassware. The kids think they are fun, and it is a topic of conversation when company arrives.  
Hassel Free. Found exactly what I wanted for the best price, and shipping was timely. Quick and Simpl  
Hey it Works. Very consistant toasting,and wide enough for bagels and hamburger buns and super-price  
follow up on the F7 Jura Capresso. I have had the Capresso for just about 2 years see my earlier rating. It is worth it s weight in gold. The 
Very Cute!. I got this crate for my new puppy and I m very happy with it. Very easy to fold up and carry and love the cute pink color. 
Perfect for cleaning tile floors!. I bought this attachment to clean our carpeted stairs. It works well for that application but I was surprised to find out it is best 
Beats any wooden rack out there!. Drying rack is excellent value and is quite sturdy, too. When it stands up, measurements are approximately 41 high, 28 wide and 14 deep. 
The one for your best!. Easily outdoes all other corkscrews I ve owned lots . After at least 100 bottles, it s never let me down! It always works 100 
A good deal. This duvet cover was a real sleep saver over this cold winter. For the money it is well worth it! I can t give it 5 stars 
Great Bowls. These bowls are really great. I have been watching and learning about Fiesta for a long time. This was my first Fiestaware purchase. I will be getting more!! 
quite good for small kitchen. works very well both the exhaust and intake functions. Speed is good and works well for a small kitchen  
Dirt Devil 082660 Vision Canister Vacuum; Money well spent. This is a good product for my needs.Our household includes four Pekingese, one Yellow Lab, one Persian tabby;all hair ball juggernaughts. 
I heart this knife. I purchased this fine piece of cutlerly on some gift money last christmas. Little did I know how good of a purchase this thing was going 
Wonderful little knife!. I received this knife from my sons for a Christmas gift this year along with two Wusthof knives. They are all equally wonderful! I love the way 
Heavy duty for all purpose!. I love these!! Ordered three sets of these brick-red colored mini-bowls for my family and continue to be pleased with the performance. They are good 
Wonderful fiesta go along...... I hesitated to use these mugs when I first received them. Now I use them exclusively as our everyday mugs. They are a nice heavy weight 
Nice service, thank you. This was for my brother. He was very happy that I found the product from you. We appreciated having expedited shipping as an option  
Perfect. The style of the gate is great and compliments a well furnished, well taken care of house. The dogs are effectively blocked from entering the area. The gate is 
how to fix under ten minutes. For those concerned about problems with timing less than 10 minutes, when you set the timer, you have to first turn the timer to 
Dogs LOVE it!. I am so impressed by how much my dogs love this brush. They are usually so afraid of anything that makes noise or feels funny . As 
Success in the luxury towel search!. I bought one of these towels in a quest to satisfy my sweetie s desire for a thick, soft, huge bath sheet that gets 
Love the plates but they arrived scratched. I m sticking with the lighter colors due to scratching. My persimmon 16 piece setting arrived with two dinner plates scratched. I think 
Best cookware I have ever used!. I have owned it all and this is the best by far. Nothing and I mean nothing sticks to these Pots and Pans!!!!!! I 
WE LOVE IT FOR PANCAKES!. We bought this for one reason: Pancakes and it is great!So easy to use. Set the temp for 350. dollop on the batter, and cook 
Best for the Money. This garment steamer is by far the BEST for the money. I compared the Rowenta against the Jiffy garment steamer and the Rowenta outperformed in every 
Soft and great quality!!!. I am very satisfied with my purchase. The quality is as described and I will buy more!  
Handy, Small-Footprint Spice Rack. This spice rack is handy for a small kitchen, takes up very little counter or cabinet space. It is extra easy to locate spices on it, 
One Touch Can Opener worth its weight in gold!!. I purchased this for my mother who has carpal tunnel. She has had great difficulty with can openers. She loves this 
Great Hot Water Pot. I purchased this for my wife, who has allergy and asthma problems, and needs frequent access to hot drinks.The Pot works very well. There almost no 
Finally, the perfect slow cooker!. I LOVE this slow cooker. The meat probe means I can make a roast that can be medium or medium well, not nessecarily cooked to 
My favorite pan!. I cook for a family of five 3 teenagers and this pan is the perfect size. If you are looking for something lightweight then this pan probably 
I Love This Shower Curtain!. I first saw this shower curtain at an upscale motel that we stayed in while we were moving to a new home. I fell in 
Top Dog Espresso. This machine is awesome! The thermostat is accurate and helpful, the crema is in abundance WITHOUT the crema enhancer piece. I read many reviews from others on 
This is a solid roasting pan at a great price. I have no complaints about this pan. It fit a seven bone prime rib wonderfully and helped make for a 
Loaf Dish. This loaf dish is great for baking banana nut bread or any other of your choice. I especially like it when I cook a meat loaf as it 
Very please 1st time ordered. This is the first time I have ordered with Amazon and I was very pleased.I needed both red and white wine glasses none of mine 
Great product. I ordered this product from amazon last year. So far I am happy with this product and no problem. Its on my daily usage for baking stuff. I 
Excellent Machine. I know alot of people would balk at the idea of paying this much for a vaccum cleaner, understandably so. Quite honestly, I spent a long time weighing 
Good product. Cherry coat rack is good quality. Legs could be stronger. They slide onto the main post and a bottom knob screws into post to keep them in place.Looks 
I love this pan!. This is a wonderful pan! I purchased it not so much for cooking pasta but for lots of other things. It has more surface area on 
Saves on barking and scratched doors and walls--excellent. We love our pet chime. It took a little time to train our dog on it but now it s the only 
solid performer. The blender is solidly made with a powerful motor and nice speed control  
professional. I have been a chef for over 23 years and bought this knife for my home use as my knives are at work this is a fantastic grade knife 
water filters are keepers. initially, i didn t think the filters were working as the use indicator didn t seem to function. I talked with PUR and they said give 
Great buy!. I crossed my fingers when I purchased this cart because of the mixed reviews. Worse case scenario, I d just return it. I m pleased to say that 
Air Kong Jack is a Huge Hit. Originally, I got the jack for my service dog but also have undertaken foster care and training for pups up to a year. 
Awsomely quick jerky, from ground beef...and its good. am a casual user of the food dehydrator, mainly for beef jerky. I had always used thin cut steak and marinated it 
Buy it!. I bought the Global veggie knife after reading the raves here on Amazon, and the thing is fantastic. It s wicked sharp, lightweight, comfortable to hold, and just 
6-Quart Electric White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer. I have only used it two times since I purchased it. I rate it as a 4 because it works and runs great. 
More than one use!. I ordered one of these pillows for myself and another for my husband. We use them daily for watching TV, reading or as armrests on the 
great glasses. My sister and Brother-in-law were so excited I finally found the real deal on insulated glasses. They work great, and are very comfortable to hold. Just the right 
The Best 20 I Ever Spent!. I got my fish tank in 1998 and had an older BioWheel filter. However it was pretty much DOA when I got it as 
Great chair at a great price. I was skeptical buying a chair with only a picture to go by. I m glad I decided to go ahead and give it 
Fast shipping and nice flowers. I surprised a friend with these flowers. They arrived in two days and they are pretty close with the site photo.Even with the shipping taxes 
Book weight. Ordered this to replace on that I had for years. It s great for reading a book or magazine on a flat surface.  
Swing-A-Way Mfg. Jar Opener. I cannot believe this product isn t in every store! It has been very hard to find, I have even travelled to other towns to try 
Portable Frother. Works fantastic - lots of power for it s size and travels easily with the compact size and travel container. Great value for the money! Practically a small 
Pet food convenience. When I first got one of these pet food dispensers I was excited at the prospect of no having to keep an open bag of dried food 
Cute and Functional. I bought these as I was trying to find my pattern on the internet. I love them! They are great in the microwave and they match beautifully. 
Wow!. My Samoyed loves this toy and so far hasn t managed to trash it. Yay! It s sturdy and VERY chewable  
Quality Humidifier. This humidifier is great. The digital humidistat makes the room s the perfect humidity level for you. The humidifier purifies the air in the room, as well. The 
Much needed to care for LightWedge. The cleaning kit is a much needed product for cleaning your LightWedge. When dealing with a product like a LightWedge, it is easy to 
nice product!. We love these coasters - plus the added bonus of being made of bamboo - it is an ecological decision  
Kid s favorite train. I have to admit I was pleasantly surprized to find that the comfortor & sheets were so nice. They were very colorful & seem like they 
GREAT COFFEE, some flimsy parts for the price. After much research we were down to the Gaggia Classic vs the Rancilio Silvia. The Gaggia won out for two reasons: a 
magnum 350. once you finally get it going it really is a super filter they just need to make the media chamber more studrdy,it took me over an hour to 
Exact Replacement. Hopefully, not too many others are in the situation I was in that required this purchase. In the separation of property, my ex-wife kept the knife block and 
great processor. this is a great food processor, i have had it only a few days, but i love it, the puree works great, the slicer works really really good. 
Outstanding storage capacity. There aren t that many DVD cabinet like this one, with doors containing shelves where DVDs can be stored.Assembly instructions are easy to understand, and it didn 
The cutest investment I ve made this holiday season. When I first received the WMF Kult Coffee Canister I thought that it was quite expensive for such a small object. 
The Best Dog Toy Ever!. My dog, Insane Ninja Grizelda, loves this toy! It s by far the best dog toy ever sold in these blessed United States of America. 
bluebird house. These houses are sturdy and attractive. I especially like the easy-to-open front door to clean it out or monitor the nests  
NYC urban chic, a great piece!. I ordered this dining set when I moved into my new apt last year. I was a little reluctant, because even though it looked 
Great knife set for the . This is a fine set of knives and will no doubt out last me. Put them on my Spyderco ceramic stones and can shave 
Heaven!. I purchased the Chiropractic Neck Dogbone, Pillow, and it came very quickly. I haven t had any neck problems since purchasing the Dogbone Pillow! It s a must for 
Nice pan for a great price. Cooks beautifully, non-stick ring performs well, glass bottom prevents scorching as well as making a great serving platter - eliminates the circus act of 
Time saver. This is a really great product, it saves a lot of time ironing. I like my jackets looking crsip and it does the job really well. Even if 
Great knives. It was the perfect birthday gift. Nice sturdy knives with a beautiful block  
Mr. Coffee replacement pitcher TP3. The good news is that it is just like the original item that came with the Ice Tea Maker, alas that is also the bad 
Excellant clean up with nice features. I liked everything about this cooker but the heat settings. I found myself in need of temperatures of 400 degrees, and this unit stops 
Love the clock timer and cooking ability. I was expecting this machine to cook rice very well based on previously owning a neuro fuzzy logic rice cooker made by zojirushi, 
Oneida Banbury Set. This product was well worth it. I use it everyday and I m very happy with it. I recommended it highly for a everyday set. Thanks  
Perfect angel food cake. I love this pan! At first I thought due to the color over cooking it might make the cake tough, but it doesn t. I do 
Tervis is Tops!. I have tried various insulated tumblers, this one stands far above the others. Most insulated tumblers get condensation between the layers when put on the top rack 
A Great Find!. I have read a few reviews on furniture and was weary to be sure, but I rolled the dice and got this love seat. It arrived ahead 
Good Product. The product quality is really good for the price. The manual says it fits on a standard size cabinet, I guess it is right except that my sink 
Great gift. My wife has already used it a bunch of times. The trick is to give some chocolate bath stuff and a magazine subscription  
picture a little off. I found the picture for this product a little off on color. Mine is more like Black, not much wood color to it. I still like 
Very handy. We love this knife storage-- it is out of the way, handy and keeps our knives in a safe place. Best of all, it doesn t take up 
It Does Its Job. I bought this because my refrigerator doesn t have an automatic ice crusher. My only suggestion is put it on a towel so it doesn t 
easy, tasty espresso!. This is a countertop friendly, cordless espresso maker that makes great coffee when you use an espresso grind for the coffee. The auto shut-off makes it foolproof, 
Pink sheets..I love em!. I love these they are a bright pink but not too dark..I recently purchased pink sheets online that LOOKED pink in the picture but when I 
GREAT Containers For Bulk Fermentation Phase of Artisan Bread!. .It is during the primary fermentation that the majority of dough s flavor develops. The optimum range of temperature for wheat 
5 star hotel sheets. Absolutley love them. This is my 2nd set. Excellent price at 64.99 w free shipping.  
Really excellent for lazy cooks. Soak the romertopf in cold water while you re preparing your meat and vegetables. Take the romertopf out, put the food in, put the romertopf 
Nautica red slicker shower curtain. I bought this for my girl s bathroom for Christmas to create a Santa theme. The shower curtain was beautiful  
EASY for beginners!. I bought this machine because I was interested in embroidery. I have never sewed anything and I didn t even know what a bobbin was had to 
Very convenient. I have found that I really like this soap dispenser. It doesn t move around because of the rubber around the bottom so you can pump without having 
Wonderful Sheets. I highly recommend these sheets to everyone. They are so soft and comfortable to sleep on  
Great item for the price!. I really like these, easy to clean, nothing sticks!! They do have a few lines on the inside bottom already but I think that s 
Fits a need Le Creuset s cast iron line sometimes cannot. As a Le Creuset cast iron fan, it was only natural that one day I would try out their 
Bakes beautifully!!. This is a terrific dish that I ve used frequently since purchasing. It does a lovely, light quiche and has served as a baker for numerous other items, 
Great Product. I also have a rectangular version, purchased many moons ago. It is reversible. It s at home all the time, flat side up, in my microwave to catch 
hesitant at first, but quick easy and GOOD beef jerky. I am a casual user of the food dehydrator, mainly for beef jerky. I had always used thin cut steak 
The hit of the party!!!!. I had nothing but rave reviews for this chocolate fountain! I found it easy to put together and take apart. I used chocolate made for 
They really do work!!. These hooks are incredible!! I have used them throughout my home to hang heavy art work and mirrors, and the best part is that I can 
Good buy. Not fancy. But it does the basic jobs well. Minor concern - better at baking than toasting. Toasting takes a little too long and is not totally uniform. 
Fantastic value. I just bought this model and it is far and away the best value I have seen. I have been using a Juiceman 410 for about 6 months, 
Great in-between pot. This pot is a great in-between size. Larger than your sauce pans and smaller then your dutch oven. The non-stick interior cleans up wonderfully. My mother-in-law has 
Great tool for a growing family with a small kitchen. I ve had my H-B Step Savor Skillet Griddle for several months now, and I am very happy with it. 
Gormet Wine Glasses. These are the finest wine glasses that money can buy. The effect of these glasses on fine wines is profoud. I can t begin to tell you 
great hamper. this is a wonderful hamper. I live in a building where the laundry is in the basement, and this hamper is great, better than any shopping cart. One 
Good for the money. As stated before in many a review, this machine is the best deal for the money. Paired with a real espresso grinder which will unfortunately cost 
Avante Deluxe 4 Slice Toaster. This is the nicest toaster that I have purchased to date. I like the style & features. Just a note - it is quite big. 
Absolutely fantastic. Got my Pro S 7pc. set for Christmas and haven t looked back. In the course of researching the 4- and 5-star and Pro S knives, I was 
Great small heater!. I purchased this item for a small 2.5gallon isolation tank. With the temperature dropping outside, it was getting too cold for my ill fish. With this heater, 
Eureka 96 B Quick Cordless Stick Vac. After purchasing several stick vac. I have found THE ONE.We are a family of 5 with 2dogs and 2 cats, we have wall 
The best mitts available!. I love the Kitchen Grips mitts pads. I ve had my set for a few years, and they still look brand new. You can handle very 
Clever Idea. I got these spoon straws for drinking my smoothies and shakes. You can get to the thick stuff at the bottom with the spoon  
Jay the chef. This product is excellent. Thank God for MIU,where have you been. These spoon are great and the spatulas are even better. Get more peoducts from this company. 
Good not excellent quality. I needed a smallish stool for my favorite reading chair, not an ottoman and when I found this whimsical character I knew it was perfect and 
very happy. I m really happy with this shoe rack. I d like it to be a little bit taller, but it holds the shoes very effectively and fits well 
Ready Set fix lid Go. I like the coffee making part of the coffeemaker, but, like many reviewers have said, the lid is VERY loose. If the lid is on 
Absolutely great. I have a number of booklites, different vendors, different styles, some AC adapter, some straight battery, cheap to higher prices, and this one is the best, the brightest, 
The Indispensable Dispenser. A super product with true ingenuity! My dachsy eats venison and potato dietary food. This tends to be somewhat oily, and slightly smelly. With this product, you 
More than just a paw post. This thing is great, and for the money you cannot go wrong. Have you looked and seen what some of these things cost at 
Great!. I cook perfect rice every time. Even the gourmet and exotic rices cook great. And the rice pilaf s I can now cook are out of this world. And 
Love my SweepEZE. I absolutely love the SweepEZE. I find myself sweeping my floors many times throughout the day because this little machine makes it so easy. Everyone who visits 
The Best. If you ve invested in copper cookware, it s well worth the added investment to purchase Copperbrill. I cherish each of my copper pieces and wanted to use 
Good Buy...needs better directions. The Mr. Coffee Urn performs quite well and delivers an excellent brew over a reasonably long period of time. The directions were not as clear as 
Love them. These bowls are so pretty, the colors are great. They are a lot heavier then I thought they would be also. I m so pleased with this purchase 
Classic Clad quality cookware, but beware of the warranty. After appealing Henckels decision not to replace my cookware, Henckels decided to replace two of my 10 pieces due to the 
Chop faster than ever!. Yes, you do need to quarter your peppers and cut onions in half or quarters, but the time it saves me is still incredible! I love 
Essential Tool. Looking at the criticisms of this spoon from other users, I can t help but wonder if OXO changed the manufacturing process for its wooden spoons, because the 
This is a GREAT humidifier, too bad not available. This is a GREAT humidifier, too bad not available; I want to buy a second one for another child s room 
Excellent and convenient cooling for small space. We chose the 2.5 cubic foot size when we decided to renovate our apartment and live in the rear bedroom and we were 
For the Price - Great. I used it with a duvet, and find it very light and comfy.Others complain about its crinkly noise.I find the crinkly noise very pleasant.For 20 
Nice, but it gave my gf hives. This claims to be 100 cotton, but my girlfriend who isn t allergic to cotton broke out in insane hives all over her 
very good quality table. We just bought this table for our living room and are very satisfied with it. It is very easy to put them together, it only took 
Kitchenaid mixer. This product is a must have for anyone serious about baking. This mixer is by far the best appliance that I have purchased for my kitchen next to 
A great bargain. The personal travel press is outstanding. I have no concerns about it breakin  
Great Toaster. I love this toaster, Hamilton Beach is my new fav brand. I have been through many ugly toasters that looked worn in about a week and this one 
Wonderful Martini Glass. I received my martini glasses today at noon. They looked nice. This evening, at coctail hour, I tried them out. I could not be more pleased. Expensive, 
Not necessary but fun and useful. You can roast garlic in the oven with great results making this more of a convenience than a necessity. I am also an admitted 
Fiesta Wow!. This is a very versatile piece. It really brightens up the table. A must for fiesta Post86 collections. I have extras that I use as chargers underneath other 
Thirsty board! Might be warping?. The board is the right size for carving up a whole chicken and the moat , while modest in width depth, kept the counters clean. 
Play with your food... This fruit corer is sturdy and gets the job done. One push, and whoosh...the apple is cored. You can partially core also, it s sharp enough 
Oneida Colonial Boston. My original of this is about 12 years old and I m delighted to add more place settings of the same design. My only reservation is that 
So far so good. Now I can tell when the kids wash hands!!! Lets out a metered amount of soap with a pleasant tune if you choose to leave it 
Cute!. This toaster is definitely a space saver. There are a few things you need to know to get great food out of it though, for toast I turn the 
Excellent vacuum. Bought this vacuum for my elderly mother as a second vacuum to use upstairs at her home. She loves it. Light weight. Powerful. Nice long cord. Great value 
Great knife great price. I m becoming more and more of a foodie as of late, and saw this knife advertised on the Food Network and then saw it in 
nice towels. I like these towel however the color is green,,, I thought is would be more of a grey or silve  
Cute!. These little salt and pepper shakers are really cute, I got them for my sister in law, who has a brown female and a black male so they were 
What a deal!. I received all 12 glasses unbroken! I looked in my International Wine Accessories catalog and the same 12 glasses shipped would have cost 165.80! What a deal 
2 things I liked better about my 1998 model. This Dirt Devil picks up better than the one I bought in 1998, but the longer cord on the 1998 model 
Excellent value. I like quality things, but I never saw myself spending 100 bucks on a chair. That being said, it was totally worth it. I m sitting in it 
Good product but... Kitchens Etc put price stickers on the outsides of each bowl. These are not coming off easily at all. Each one of them has a sticky, white 
Not so smooth ... I bought this chair for my 78-yr old Mom, and she loves the retro look and dual functionality. The pull-out step does NOT glide as it 
Great machine for the price. I just love this garlic roaster, it roasts up to 3 med. size bulbs of garlic in less than 30 min. I like the idea 
LOVE IT!!. The dog used to chew up the laundry and now we re saved! A little flimsy, but well worth the cost  
I m surprised at the reviews here.... I cook every single day - I m told I m an excellent cook - trying different dishes - complex and simple. I 
All that I expected for 20. I bought this coffee maker so I could make my own coffee and, hopefully, save money. The coffee maker was only 20, and honestly 
I love my KitchenAid!!!. I grew up having a KitchenAid in my home so I knew I always wanted one. Every Sunday we made several batches of cookies. We were 
Just let it run until the filter is DRY and it will last. If you leave the humidifer running after the tank has emptied until the filter is dry dry 
Martex Sheets. I was very pleased with the product. The price was excellent. Hope to find it again in the future  
columbia heavy weight towels. Awesome.super absorbant.just what i wanted. i would definately purchace this product again  
Must Have Got One of the Good Ones.. I got this item for Christmas this year and thought I d share my experience..I had never owned a crock pot before 
Fantastic Pizzelle Maker. We love pizzelle s and wanted a pizzelle maker. We found this one Cuisinart and it is fantastic. We are Italian Dutch and this is one kitchen 
Little Jewels. This set of shot glasses has this vintage look that I adore. The different engraved design on each piece make these glasses look so unique, just like little 
Dublin Goblets. I purchased the Dublin Goblets & the Dublin Ice Beverage from Amazon. I had purchased the Dublin Ice Beverage set of 4 from a popular store, only to 
My Nightly Popcorn is Perfect. My Stir-Crazy is a good popper compared to others I ve had. It leaves no old maids and the corn is light and fluffy. I 
Great color and love the fabric. This was such a great deal and I love this duvet cover. It is so soft and looks so stylish on our bed. I 
Get the Regular Scheduler Instead - or Ignore the Light. 2006 was the year of the Specialty Roombas. Their high end upgrade for this year was the Intellibin option for 
Be Forewarned, I wasn t. After using this grill and loving it and depending on it for two years almost to the date , I made a mistake and I 
very useful. We use this to steam vegggies, corn sometimes. When not in use, it is used to store other fruits. it is useful  
Everything I expected... This storage bag is everything I expected, and at a great price. It is sturdy and protects the tree. I was orginally going to store the tree 
Idea. This looks like a great organizer, but with you people that have a x-box ps2 game cube and a dvd player you can buy cd cases that music cds 
Wow sharp. Using this knife has turned me into a snob. I have cooked at a few other people s houses since getting my Shun and with their knives it 
Pretty enough for the kitchen; strong enough for the shop. 2 of these units are screwed to the interior of our shop door. Each one holds 6 sets of professional 
BEST LITTLE VACUUM EVER. I have owned and used many vacuum cleaners ranging from canister to upright, bag and bagless. This little shark does the job of a much larger 
SPRINGY not firm, the BEST. A Latex Foam pillow is like no other pillow. They are bouncy and springy and soft and oh so comfortable. These pillows are not at 
I BOUGHT IT FOR MY PARENTS. THIS TEA KETTLE IS USED EVERDAY BY MY PARENTS AND IT HAS PERFORMED PERFECTLY , THEY ARE OVER 8O YEARS OLD AND LIKE THIS 
works great as long as you know what to expecct. I bought this to cover the disintegrating cover currently on my futon. It s a beautiful print, and a good 
Reidel Tequila glasses are terrific!. These glasses are a great addition to any home bar. The Reidel quality is obvious. They are a great way to upscale serving straight tequila 
The Platonic Ideal of Crockpottery. What can you say about a crockpot? They re supposed to be no-brainers -- you dump your ingredients into it and let it cook em. 
love it. quality construction. attention to detail and really roomy for my yorkie. she loves it. we put our teacup yorkie in the basket on the bottom. a really good 
This is great for homebrewing. I recently picked up this pot to brew beer and personally found that it s much better than a thin-wall pot. Heats very well and 
Wonderful Way To Get Organized. Before my daughter recieved this as a christmas present we stored all her toys in a couple of giant bucket-shaped bins. But most of her 
The hardest working humidifier. This is the best and most quiet humidifier on the market. I have a grand piano which needs to be kept in a room which has 
Terrific Buy. Every requirement that I needed for a grill comes to pass with this one. The removable plates are easy to take in and out and clean up is 
charcoal filters. There s nothing extraordinary about the filters except that they were designed to filter tap water used to make coffee. They definitely work and make the coffee taste 
This is certainly NEW AND IMPROVED !!. Actually didn t pay attention to anything other than buying another Drinkwell Fountain. Extremely pleased with it, just wanted one more. When the 
I really like it ... looks nice in my daughter s room. The only reason this product is not getting 5 stars is because two of the bins arrived cracked... 
A functional and great looking dish rack. As other have mentioned, the silverware basket hangs outside of the space protected by the tray underneath. This isn t a problem for 
Perfect for just about everything!. The day this arrived, I prepared a casserole in it, the next day, pasta, the next, spaghetti sauce, the next, soup.... do you sense a 
A Soft Scrub. I bought these washcloths to fill in a set of towels I bought on Amazon the same day. The set I purchased came with two washcloths, and 
Excellent Combo Machine For The Money. I was looking for a combination espresso-coffee maker to fit a specific space in the kitchen. The width and heigth of the unit had 
fabulous!. I LOVE this Pot!! It is now my favorite cooking item. I use it almost every time I cook and it is perfect. Clean up is easy and I 
perfect size. I ordered this after reading the other reviews on the product. It is absolutely the perfect size. I can put vegetables or main dishes in this dish and 
Fantastic. My cat loves, loves, loves this toy. It is an endless source of fun for her and I highly recommend this to anybody with a bored cat. It is 
Great starter system. I recently purchased this hood and paired it with a 20 gal glass tank. This is my first tank and I ve found it to be very 
Incredible value. These sheets are very very nice and beautiful. I got them in the outlet at an unbelievable price and wish I had bought two sets now. They feel 
It Really Works !. I have been using honing stone and I am also proud for being able to sharpen all my knives with the stone except for the serrated 
Fantastic product, I too had problems with sticking. I loved this item until it became fused to the base. I called CS and they sent me a prepaid UPS label 
this sucks. Just meant it s very good, powerful loud! like a jet turbine in your hand -- with vac attach very happ  
Beautiful but need better packing... I love the dishes and posted a positive review on the 45-piece set. With this particular item I ordered two sets. The sets were shipped 
Good Toaster. Reliable commercial grade toaster. Plenty large for all sizes bread slices. Browns evenly with exception of the toast occasionally being slightly darker around the outer edges. My only 
Buy 2 Sets and Be Practical. Look, for 30, throw them in the dishwasher, use them and when they start looking bad, throw out the first set and use the 
waaaay too big. this is a huge cast iron skillet. Unless you need something really big and heavy, this may be too big for the average stove. This is really 
pleasingly graceful. No wonder Fiesta wins so many design awards. This pitcher delighted the receiver and me as well  
Carry your Dutch Oven in style. This tote bag is made to carry and protect your beloved dutch oven.Why a tote bag you may ask? It not only protects your 
What an amazing solution!!!!! Expensive but cool!!!. The charging station is an incredible solution to a major problem in our house! We have cords everywhere w limited places to plug 
Excellent Value. These bowls are deep, great for chili and soups. They are sturdy and seem to hold up to everyday wear in a busy household. My only reservation is 
Elegant Simplicity. I really like this design. It has a slight raised lip running around the outside edge which contains any batters, grease, or other liquids which might run over 
Excellent water filter system BUT BEWARE . PUR is the best inexpensive water filter system out there; it is mountains better than Brita s crappy filtering. I ve been a 
George Foreman Sponges get the job done. These sponges are uniquely designed to make cleaning of the Foreman grills easy. Having a scrubbing side and a soft side is great.Wish 
Works with booklite. Good combination. I keep the booklite at the computer so the adapter is nice to have, no worry about changing batteries  
A Must Have Pan. This is one of the best investments I have made for the kitchen. With this pan, you can make seared scallops so tender and succelent, it 
Electric Mixer. Excellent item, very powerful and stylish. Would recommend this mixer to anyone that likes to bake and has trouble with power from hand held mixers  
Tea service for one in style. Beautiful style and high quality for your morning tea after the kids, hubby, etc. have mercifully let you have a few minutes alone. It 
Do You Have to Spend Big Money for a Big Pot?. OK, I am cheating here a bit by cutting and pasting a recent equipment review by the magazine Cook 
I love this pot!. I really enjoy cooking in this pot. It has lots of space and is great for all kinds of dishes. The enamel surface is wonderful. I 
 19.99 is a decent price for just a knife block. There are cheaper blocks with cheap knives included but I really want to try the sharpening slot feature. I 
Excellent purchase!!. I purchased this after carefully reviewing all comments made on it. The price was definately hard to beat and I knew after purchasing this for a full-sized bed 
Well worth the money!. I ve had this vacuum for close to a year and I still LOVE IT! It does such a great job cleaning! When I use my 
great vacuum!. The vacuum is great. It was easy to put together and for the price, it was a great value. The only think I didn t like was the 
100 as advertized!. We were looking for a convection microwave. This one sounded like it would work and it is 100 what we wanted. All functions operate perfectly and we 
Lickity-Split!. The item I bought got here much faster than I thought it would. And in great condition. I ve since purchased other items from them.Thanks  
knife block. I WAS VERY PLEASED WITH MY ORDER OF THE HENCKELS KNIFE BLOCK. I HAD BEEN LOOKING FOR A WHILE IN THE STORES AND ON THE WEB. THE PRICE 
Great Quality just as expected. I looked at several other similar products online. It was nice when the item arrived to see that it was actually as good or better 
Krups Replacement Carafe. Krups is the ultimate in coffee makers. A gourmet delight. The flavor and aroma are the chefs delight. The carafe is artistically and designed to please your 
Innovating product that makes peeling a breeze. I came by this item online and decided to check it out in person before buying. Guess what! I bought it on the 
Old fashioned can opener. I love this can opener, my Mother had one & it lasted her life time. Great for the mone  
Love It!. This is one gadget I actually use. As long as you remember to cut the food to the depth you want the dice to be, it works well. 
Finally found a stovetop espresso maker made of stainless steel... I love this little coffee maker. I have always been partial to the stovetop espresso makers but I have never 
Great Glassware. These are essentially the bowls from the professional quality Riedel Vinum glasses produced without stems. By doing without stems you get a glass that neatly fits in the 
Le Creuset baker set. These casseroles are great. The reason - no matter how much you use them, they will always look new; the washing is easy, just let them 
Works great!. I received this electric skillet off our wedding registry, and I wanted it cause it s just like the one my mom has had for years maybe updated 
It is so 50 s !. I bought this pitcher for the pleasure I get just by looking at it. When I was little my grandma had one in her 
Convenient and Light!. I used to have the Hoover Floor Mate and one day it fell apart. When I bought it, it was pretty expensive so I decided not to 
Great Griddle. Extremely pleased. Great for 1-3 people. Does everything that it claims, and then some. Super easy clean-up. Great price. Highly recommend it  
Best Cookware. I started buying Le creuset after watching the cooking shows on the Cooking Netwook. So many of the cooks use this cookware even if they have there own 
cute good little fish tank. I have had this since xmas 2005 and have been using it since.Only downfall is you can only fit 2 Miniture fish, so not recommended 
The Glass Matters. I have used Riedel glasses for a while. I ordered from Amazon because of the good prices. Riedel stems are easily broken in our household. Best to 
Perfect!. This pillow rocks! I bought it for the beach and it is unbelievably comfy!  
The best expresso Pot. Bought this to replace my at least 10 year old Bialetti aluminum pot, and I am not disappointed. It makes the best expresso ever and is 
Great Blender. I was looking for a blender to use to make healthy smoothies. Our Oster bender died after 20 years of minimal use. I looked at different blenders and 
Highly recommended. great product at a great value...shipped in 2 days, super fast via ground  
It really is a super auto!. I ve lusted after a Super Auto for years. When I finally decided to get one, I did a fare amount of investigating. The 
Very functional for a great price. We just purchased this desk and it has the perfect amount of space needed for my computer, and large printer. It has very neat 
Make the Wife Happy. My Wife and I love clay pot cooking. This item looks good on your counter and works perfectly. For the price you can t do any 
Good pan for the money spent. I love this pan it is perfect for making pancakes or a few grilled cheeses  
Fantastic Pot set, Fantastic Value. We decided on the pot after wanting either All Clad or Le Cruset for a long time. But the cost for those brands is so 
Blended by the light. This powerful and sylish blender replaced an old 12 speed Oster which had me grumbling with every use. Two of the primary selection factors were the 
Calphalon has stepped their cultery with the Katana line. Purchased one for 33 and love it. I ve had the Calphalon essential set for about 3 years and have been 
Well pleased. They work great on wine and olive oil. It saves the dripping and is much easier to use than twisting caps or pulling corks  
I love this spatula - won t melt. Nothing quite like a melted spatula you left in chocolate or caramel a bit too long. This one won t melt - 
Krup Toaster Oven. Over all I like this toster works great. What I don t like is the non stick tray that came with this unit. The first time I 
Color Different but GREAT quality. I love these sheets. It did not matter to me if the color was BRONZE or not, but this is certainly not bronze by anyone 
not pretty but sturdy, well designed, and does the job. It is a brutalistic, ugly appliance but it does the job well. Water well is visible, it s ergonomic, and 
Kitchen Aid FSM150 mixer is Great!. The Kitchen Aid Mixer is the best mixer I have ever used. It mixes chocolate chip cookies up very quickly. I don t have 
Very Good !!. This silicone turner is very good.I used it for a month.It was safe at dishwasher and on hot pan.I love it  
Perfect for 2 year-olds. My daughter used this set and now my son uses it. We threw out the fork by mistake so I m ordering another set -- the 
One Incredible Pan!. This is one of the best frying pans [too shallow to be a saute pan] in my collection. It s cooks great, distributing the heat evenly, and 
Great kitchen gadget. It s small enough to fit in my little kitchen. It works as advertised. The waffles were fast to make. Clean up is easy. Hardly any needed. 
Good, but terribly NOISY. I m quite pleased with the performance of my Power Reach, perhaps because I m using it strictly on smooth upholstery, to pick up small messes 
Cuisinart Multiclad Pro Stainless 6-Quart Saucepot. An outstanding piece of kitchen cookware. It looks and performs exactly like All Clad for about 1 4 the price. It cooks exceptionally well 
Le Creuset = Quality. I own many items from the Le Creuset stoneware collection, and I must say that they are all of superb quality. This square pan is perfect 
Just great!. I didn t think that finding a good utensil holder would be such a hassle, but to my surprise none of the stores I personally visited including a 
does what it does. i bought this pillow for my wife. she sleeps with a teddy bear and is always doing work homework in bed. she was just promoted and 
GOOD GIFT. GAVE THIS TO MANY OF MY FIRENDS FOR CHRISTMAS. EACH OF THEM THANKED ME FOR SUCH A NICE & USEFUL GIF  
Great Skillet1. I bought this skillet after reading reviews about various pieces of Le Creuset Cookware. I stayed away from the non stick model because of warnings that it didn 
Cute product. Works great. A bit loud but does the job and is visually appealing. I use it every week.  
Pfaltzgraff Sphere 16 Piece Dinnerware Set for 4. I just received my first set of dishes yesterday and I absolutely love them! I d read another review where it was 
Great for Cats, Watch Out for Splinters. I recently got my cat Boris this toy. He loves to chase and tackle the feathers and really gets a good work out 
Great !!!!. I have not had any problems with my dinnerware set. None of mine have broken but I do not use them in a dishwasher or microwave. I have 
Durable and pretty!. These dishes are great! I love the fact that they are micraveable and dishwater safe. Also, beautiful,too. My Sugar bowl was broken and I just had to 
Vornado MD1-002 Humidifier Wicks. I have been using the Vornado Humidifier and wicks for a long time. I find the Vornado Wicks to be the best you can use for 
Quality built ironing board. This is a strudy, well built product. It was very easy to install. I did it in 15 minutes. My wife loves it.Now she has a 
Frother. Coffee at home will never be the same again. ALWAYS use frother & impress guests with my fancy at home latte .  
Saw similar corkscrews in Canada. We were just at the wine festival in the Okanagan Valley in British Columbia, and almost ALL of the wineries had this type of corkscrew 
Fiesta ware Canister. I love the canisters. They are a nice size and have tight fitting lids.  
Great Assortment!. It has flavors that are not available at most grocery stores! I like the gourmet flavors best.  
small pal light is great. Love the small pal light and the fishies love it too. But it was very hard to find, no stores that carry the fish tank 
Great skillet. I like to make scrambled eggs for breakfast before work. This skillet is perfect, as the eggs are evenly cooked and don t stick. Great product.  
Handy Book Light. This book light is great for reading in bed without disturbing another person. I use it with the converter so I can plug it into the wall 
Well done. I have been using remote digital thermometers for about ten years now and this one was as simple to set up and get operating correctly as any I 
no more doggy fueds with neighbor. i absolutely love this product. my neighbor has four little yippers and my shepard chow mix was antogonized by the yipping on our side 
Simply Stunning. Now that I finally got my set of 4 I am pleased to report that they are stunning. The excellent bright tangerine glaze that Fiestaware is famous for 
Nicely Made. Quality work, nicely finished and it fits most or our knives. I like the scissor fork holder in the base  
Accurate and portable. I bought it to measure more accurately how much protein powder I use in smoothies I make, but I m sure I ll put it to use 
Great Sized Knife. If you want to chop like a TV chef but don t like unweildly size and weight of a chef s knife, this is a good alternative. 
OK for surfaces other than carpets. I got this as a gift. If I were buying for myself, I d wait for a sale. It s essentially a dust buster 
Perfect!. The price and product were both perfect for me. No leaks as previously mentioned in another rating. Keeps the coffee hot and fresh  
Cherry salad bowl. It is just lovely. I purchased it as a Christmas gift and hope that she likes it as well as I do.  
Convenient!. I could have easily gotten the contents of this kit at my local hardware store for a fraction of the cost, but this kit saved me time and effort 
Great for dogs with back hip problems. My Rottie just LOVES her bolster corner bed. At the end of last year she was operated on both hips for dysplasia and 
Great value. I bought this stand at Target after looking at many similar stands. It is designed really well and looks quite good especially given the fact that I only 
Great for teens. We got 3 of them and gave them to my teenage daughters friends, and they loved them. Super gift for a teen girl  
pre-seasoned version is great. After reading many reviews of cast iron baking pans, I decided to spend the extra 5 on the preseasoned versions. I think this was totally worth 
Nice Design Powerful. - Tall design works well when blending deep drinks- Powerful motor chops ice quickly and evenly- Comes with KitchenAid carry-on pouchNot much else to say about a 
Fiesta Ware. I am a big fan of Fiesta ware. I love the variety of colors and the cheer they add to my dinner table. My husband even gets a 
Great for cutting flowers!. These sizzors are the BEST I have ever used for cutting flowers. I m a florist and I teach classes- I reccomend these to my students 
The Heat Is On. Amazon delivered this within two days of my order, shipping free!! Ordered it for my office, does the job, simple to use, small but will hold 
Not realy Le Creuset Quality. This item is not made in France, but made in Thailand. The lid is NOT tight fitting, quite the opposite really. Still the pot looks 
Best insulated mug I ve found. I have 2 of these mugs. They were ones available through Starbucks. I boast about them so often that I should be getting kick 
Great Stuff!. This is a great item. Make sure you follow the training steps for using the fence though I thought my dog was smart enough to skip a few....I 
cheap space saver, does everything good but nothing great. This overall is a handy appliance if you live in a small space. I so far have steamed, boiled, fried, and 
Polder Step Stool, Great Product. Small, light and compact yet sturdy and versatile, this step stool is great for the kitchen, garage, front hall or wherever you need that extra 
Cobalt Bread Tray. The bread tray will be a nice addition to my other Fiestaware. I think it will be useful for a number of things. My only complaint is 
Good, but a little awkward. I bought this tie rack for my husband. He previously used an electric rotating tie rack. The product looks and is exactly as described, but 
Dream Come true. After going through several Nathan s cheap stovetop grilles. I realized,that although I love grilling food, I needed a good grill pan. I did not wish upon 
6.25 ounce bowl. Great size for a small to moderate serving; Fiestaware has been a good find and value for our family 2 generations as all the place setting colors 
great little fish tank. I absolutely love this fish tank, and I m glad I bought it despite the bad reviews it got from this site. I have a betta 
The Best Invention in Weeks!!!. I m from the London School of Economics University, and as a uni student there, we are all brainwashed to eat bananas, and so this 
perfect. The flatware I purchased was flawless.The design is clean and colonial.It is the perfect flatware for my New England home.It is durable and strong,yet shiny and very substantial  
great for reheating in a toaster oven with a timer set -. i use these less than the 7 inch oval bakers - but still a lot -to save energy 
I love my red dish drainer. I wanted to dress up my kitchen a little, and this does the trick makes me not dread washing the dishes. An added plus! 
beautiful!. I got these to dress up our daily Fiestaware as salad plates, and they go beautifully with the persimmon especially, but also brighten up the sunflower or periwinkle... Stack 
Most Comfy Sheets. We love these sheets. You can immediately tell how soft they are. They are the best sheets we ve ever owned and plan to get more  
Great Little Gadget. This little thing works great. I already owned a circular tie holder, but over the years I had accumulated so many ties that they started falling off. 
merry christmas. I got this water fountain for my cat as a christmas gift and she loves it. It s so hard to find things a cat actually loves! She 
Perfect fit under a Senseo Coffeemaker. I like a big mug of coffee, and the Senseo coffee maker just does not have that much room under the spout. My tall 
Some Le Creuset Products need Seasoning. . Le Creuset s grills, woks, and frying pans come with a textured black enamel that needs to be Seasoned like tradiitonal cast iron. 
NORPRO wide mouth funnel. this is the best wied mouth funnel I think they make I was very pleased this one is very strong and is larger than most but 
Every Dog needs a BoBo. We call this Bo Bo dog after the one on the PetSmart Commercial. I got 4 of these at Christmas for our furbaby , our 
Great soup pot, easy clean up, always performs as expected. I love this pot!!Think out of the box about the corn emblem on the front of the pot.....it s a 
Perfect size for single servings. Looks good, works in convection or microwave, comes with lid, decent price  
Great Value. We purchased this product and just love it. I would highly recommend this  
Like it. Our apartment doesn t have a lot of storage and this organizer help me make full use of the closet space. I bought two and am happy with 
Hey, at least the carafe is unbreakable!. Despite the negative reviews here, I purchased this maker because I m VERY tired of replacing broken, glass carafes I lost count after 
Great size. This is a great size for ice cream, salsa, etc. The shamrock is a beautiful color  
Digital Thermometer, Timer and Clock. Worka well but didn t come with very good directions on its use. Fortunately, it was not that hard to figure out. I like the 
Beautiful ice cream. This ice cream scoop is the best! It feels great in your hand and forms perfectly shaped scoops. This is a perfect gift for any ice cream 
A good Product. A good product. they are a little thin but for the price they are a good deal. If you drool in your sleep it will show up 
Review of my lid opener. The primary reason for choosing this product was for the jar opening feature which works great. The can opener can be a bit tricky it 
Very Soft, a little to large. These sheets feel great and they do not wrinkle. The color has a shimmer to it which is very pretty for taupe. I m 
A lot of beautifull collors!. I just love the design and I supose that everybody must find one collor they like`.It`s a lot of them  
So far - very good. Haven t had the vac long but so far it has very good suction and light weight when using. The cord rewind is a plus 
Great Vacuum!. I bought this vacuum after reading the negative reviews and discovered its a wonderful vacuum! The negative reviews look to me like from people who dont empty like 
Great Curlers!. I have thin hair, and these curlers work great to give you body and curls. I would definately recommend this product. They have the regular iron pins to 
The best travel mug by far. These are the best travel mugs by far. I ve used one for over 10 yrs. The only drawback is that if you wash 
A Great Bargain!!!!. Simply the best - don t fool around with the discount store run of the mill bakeware. This is a set that will last forever with proper 
Anolon Classic Cookware. I liked this cookware so well that when I found out it was being discontinued, I bought another se  
BUNN - A Great Brewer and Fast. This is my second BUNN. My first lasted for years. After the first one I was given a nice full of features Cusinart. 
I recommend this pad. The top layer is cotton more absorbant and the bottom is less porous moisture resistant to protect the mattress. I used to use all cotton pads 
Required equipment for making a roux. If you like to make gumbo or even simple hearty gravies, this is the only way. The ability of cast iron to evenly distribute 
Keep me organized. Rather than using this for magazines, I use it to organize papers. One holder is for my son s school papers and lunch menu, one is for 
Excellent night lights for my needs!. After I moved into my new apt, my big living room used to be dark like a dungeon, and I didn t wanna my 
Great gift!. This was a beautiful gift for my daughter who has beaucoup fiestaware. Much appreciated  
Fantastic Fondue Pot. We love to use this pot. We ve made cheese, meat, broth, chocolate fondues in this pot without any problems several times. It heats up quickly, cleans 
Right size, right material, works great. Our old Calphalon double boiler was larger and the same anodized aluminum users of Calphalon find so familiar. We hardly ever used it. This 
Great Collar. This is a great little collar for a great price. My cat refused to wear a regular collar but doesn t mind this lightweight one at all. With 
Good value for a low price. Easy to use, and easy clean up with not much fuss. Seems to work better with a circle of ice made from the plastic 
Not only for crepes. I bought this pan to fry crepes, and it works wonderfully. Soon everyone is the house was using it for cooking other items as well. The 
GREAT Containers For Bulk Fermentation Phase of Artisan Bread!. .It is during the primary fermentation that the majority of dough s flavor develops. The optimum range of temperature for wheat 
A GREAT SIMPLE RUG. No child labor was used to make this sturdy and affordable rug, which I use in my kitchen and bath. The color is true and the 
Visually pleasing, extremely functional. I owned this dispenser for close to a year, and love it. The cereal is always fresh and accessible and I do not have to keep 
Nice addiion for my wooden coffee table. These do not have sharp edges, and the smooth bottom will be very suitable for any surface, esp wooden. I like the holder 
Substantial feel. I ve seen this particular clock at other web sites. I decided to buy it from Target.com because the price was good and there is free shipping. When 
LOVE IT!!. I had been using a glass pan for my lasagnas...until now. I love this pan! Easy to clean, even cooking, beautiful for serving. I purchased two more to 
More than one use!. I ordered one of these pillows for myself and another for my husband. We use them daily for watching TV, reading or as armrests on the 
Gift to My Daughter - LeCreuset Buffet Casserole. The Casserole was exactly what my daughter wanted. It was priced right and came within a few days of odering. I am 
VERY GOOD. Very easy to use and clean.I liked the way it turns to warm when finished cooking. This is very convenient when away from home needing the meal when 
GREAT CROCK POT!!!!. I don t know if these people just have no clue how to use a crock pot or what, but I love this thing!!! I have not 
Aroma 8-Cup Cool-Touch Rice Cooker. so far so good. Washed 2 cups of rice, put it in the machine, added 2 cups of water. When it was done. We noticed 
appropriate for a formal occasion, dresses up any salad. I am very pleased with these salad tongs. I think they are stainless steel, and fitting for any occasion. They are 
Cat Toy. This is my cat s favorite toy. She climbs, swats,scratches and naps and just can t get enough of it. She spends hours enjoying it and you can 
sheets. These sheets are great. The only complant I have is that I was sent a queen size set instead of full and did not realize this until after I 
Good Little Mortar Set. I like this mortar and pestle set by Typhoon. The cast iron has a rough surface that really grabs the herbs and makes for quick work 
Great thermometer. Great Thermometer. Like the readings on top rather than down the side  
can t beat it. I didnt give it five stars because I only bought two different brands but this one kicked butt. My friend with severe asthmatic reactions to cat 
HIGH QUALITY FLATWARE. I have been looking for some high-quality everyday flatware for over a year, and I finally have found it! The flatware is heavy and the finish is 
Great for what it is and what I need. I needed a sewing machine to stitch together the toys my dog ripped apart and to make him new ones. I 
Happy!. Came well packaged, and in perfect shape. We love it and will continue to for many years.  
I love this item...... Own alot of All Clad products and this is a new piece that I utterly love. Its a nice weight, hold the fondue of your choice 
Amazing pressure cooker set at a great price. I love this piece of cookware. Living alone and often working long, inconsistent hours has made this thing a Godsend in my 
this rack ended half of my cooking frustrations. Whoever came up with this spice rack is an absolute saint. I bought the white one because it is considerably cheaper than 
cheesy name for a good knife. This knife feels great in the hand and arrives very sharp.I am not sure what is the point of the layers of Damascene. The 
Wonderful sandwich maker. I absolutely love this sandwich maker. The removable dishwasher safe trays are very convenient. We use it on a weekly basis. Good buy for your money  
Works great!. This works very well and makes great yogurt. I recommend letting the yogurt cook in the machine for 24 hours if you want firm yogurt. The only negative 
durable and comfortable. Over the years, we ve gone through a lot of air beds, it seemed the more expensive they were, the harder they were to deflate. I was 
Does the glass really make a difference?. It does! I was amazed. We bought two sets, one for me and one for my husband. A reisling in the correct glass 
great product. This product is great for the money and when I recieved the set only one plate was broken and I recieved a new set within days and I 
Better than expected. I purchased a very good Rival 3-liter deep-fryer over the internet and filters are not available at the local WalMart. The product description is inaccurate: with careful 
Good quality - great service. The vacuum is everything it stated to be and a good buy for the price.I was even more impressed with the quick delivery and Amazon 
A must for wine lovers!. This insulated wine tote is over the top. Excellent construction. Two way zipper, nice shoulder strap, etc. The picture does not do it justice. One 
screen saver for your dehydrator. Tried to use my Nesco Amer harvest without it, what a mess. The strawberries stuck to the tray, which resulted in needing to place them 
Excellent Quality & Very Pretty. It s rare that you get excellent quality along with delicate beauty...but you do with this very pretty napkin holder. It s surprisingly heavy weight 
Richell 94136 Freestanding Pet Gate, Large. This product was easy to assemble, attractive and effective I have 4 medium sized dogs . The gates are stable even when fully extended. 
Not the best shape for baking. The pepper casserole is very cute, but I prefer the wider, shallower shape of the pumpkin casserole which I also own. The small, deep 
Powerhead. Powerful,compact unit.. Reverse and forward switches making this unit wonderful for enhancing beneficial bacteria in your aquarium.. Only problem I have found is its difficult to use the forward 
Excellent glasses at a good price. Fine glassware. If you are the type of person who appreciates the difference between fine glasses and cheap glasses you will like these. The 
FIESTA!. Perfect size bowls for fruit and maybe a side dish for those of you who don t like their food all running together on your plate. Good for snacks 
Great tasting coffee at a low price. My 23-year old coffee maker finally died, so I purchased a Krups Automatic for about 50. The Krups made either burnt or weak 
BROILKING PR-S1. THE FIRST PR-S1 I RECEIVED KEEP BLOWING THE CIRCUIT BREAKER. I CONTACTED AMAZON WHO SENT ME OUT A REPLACEMENT RIGHT AWAY.BECAUSE OF THE REVIEWS I READ ON AMAZON 
Mine looked like factory seconds. I ordered two of these great Fiesta handled carafes in black. I plan to use them for serving pieces as well as for accent pieces. 
A great grill and smoker. I was amazed how juicy foods came out from cooking them on the Big Green Egg. My creations always come out so tasteful and delicious. 
Finally a GREAT Can Opener!. You would think that all can openers were alike but they are not. After buying several over the past few years in which none of 
Pretty Good Vacuum. I was impressed the vacuum came fully assembled, we purchased new carpeting in my son s room and our room it filled the cup and did a 
very good. very nice flatware set. They are a little bit serious and practice at the same time  
Brita AquaView Replacement Filter. This was a great product. Only problem was that it was backordered for so long  
Great little pizzelle maker!. I cranked out hundreds of cookies with this over Christmas. It works like a charm  
Review from a salad lover. This bowl was ordered for our vacation house. Since we only have one salad bowl, it needs to be used for as few as 2 
Great Lil Dipper. I ve had this for almost 2 years, and it s a great little crockpot . I ve put several dips in this over the time I 
Must have kitchen knife. If there s one knife you HAVE to have in your kitchen, this is it. The classical french chef s knife in 8 , double wide. 
It works for me. I like this coffeemaker. It keeps the coffee hot, brews when I tell it to, and the coffee tastes great. Ok, so every once in a 
Great versatile bag. I use my bags to store all the linens and things we remove from our boat when we put it into winter storage. It keeps everything together, 
I really like this item. This grinder does just what it says, it is fast and easy to use, simple to assemble and disassemble, and easy to clean and maintain.... 
Keep clean and efficient. This AAA battery powered device works just like the fancy ones you ll find in upscale public bathrooms. The dial off-on switch works well. Assembly is 
Warm and cozy... This duvet is of really good quality, the lilac color is pleasant and it is the warmest duvet I ve ever owned that isn t flannel. The 
Rival Snowcone Maker. My son got this snowcone maker for his birthday and he loves it. We have used it about a dozen times and it has worked great. It 
Kone Cordless. I received my Kone Cordless as a gift. I love it. I like the way it looks and for a hand vac, it works very well. The shape 
Hoover Bagless Stick Cleaner. Was pleased with the timeleness of the shipment and the cost of the cleaner. Was not the cleaner I was looking for but I am beginning 
Just what I was looking for. I internet shopped for a week, reading consumer reports and customer reviews of just about every blender made. I decided on this one based 
surprise double order. I was surprised to find out that I had inadvertently ordered two of these products, when I only wanted to order one. You need to review your 
Easy to use, but expensive. The replacement litter cartridges for my Scoop Free Self-Cleaning Litter Box are easy to use and I have had no trouble with them leaking spilling, 
Back to the kitchen. I bought this pressure cooker one month ago, and it saved us a lot of time and money. I bought a 10Qt. Pressure Cooker, and i 
High quality pillow, comfy, hopefully won t flatten. If you re reading this then you probably already know that Latex Foam pillows are the best there are: they don t 
Great griddle at a great price. I ve used this griddle many times in the last month and have nothing negative to say about it. It works great  
hanging sweater bag. I had a hard time finding this item in a local store with the exact dimensions and colors. This item came exactly how it appears on the 
Great for everything from soups to stews. This has been an amazing addition to my kitchen! I ve used it for numerous stocks and stews, I ve made beautiful batches 
Heaven!. I purchased the Chiropractic Neck Dogbone, Pillow, and it came very quickly. I haven t had any neck problems since purchasing the Dogbone Pillow! It s a must for 
Great rice cooker!!!!!. We made rice using the stove top method for many years. This is my first rice cooker and so I thought I d get a really good 
Super Pot. This is a Super Pot. It is much bigger than I expected and it arrived in perfect condition. It holds plenty of soup which is why I bought 
drop this business line. Product is great. This was to be my second shipment of glasses from Amazon. Trouble, as noted in other reviews, is that Amazon seems unable to 
egyptian cotton blanket. very nice, warm blanket, but too big for a full size bed, way too big  
Most used tool in my kitchen!. I received this w in ten days of placing order. Best value for the money of anything I ve ordered in a long time. 
Great pan, but a little on the expensive side.. I love cooking in this pan. I love cooking in cast iron utensils in general of which I have a few 
Excellent Coffee, easy prep, easy clean-up. Over the last several months I d been dissatisfied with the coffee I was getting from my drip coffee maker. It didn t seem 
A good sealer for average use. Overall I am pleased with the Deni sealer. It is small, stores easily and uses larger rolls of bag material than some small sealers. 
These Are Great!. What a fantastic deal. I figured these would be fairly cheap at the price offerred. Boy, was I pleasantly surprised! They are well made and extremely tasteful. 
Finally a pillow that delivers. OK - sleeping on this pillow is pure heaven. The first night, I dreamed my entire bed was made of this stuff, and I woke 
Replacemnet Mug. It was nice to be able to purchase just one mug. The delivery was quick.  
Great Product - especially if you have more than one cat. I got my Petmate in November 2006 and so far it s wonderful. Just like the picture, it is 
Excellent pans.. These pans although made in Thailand are LeCreuset which is French. You can knock the French for a lot of things but when it comes to food and 
Works for me!. Its amazingly quiet considering whats happening to those poor little beans...It gives me just the grade of grind I need for my espresso machine to get a 
Personal Electronics Power Station. Takes up little space and saves having cords all over. Very neat idea  
Everything you need!. Wow what a great set! I just upgraded my kitchen and this set had everything I needed. Would make an excellent gift for someone just moving into 
Highly Recommend. Higly recommend this item. Works well and requires little up-keep  
Good heat and great looks!. I put this heater is a small 150 sq. foot bedroom that does not get adequate heat on its own. Because it is my home, 
Whitney Design Pop-Up Hamper goes to college!. I purchased this pop-up hamper for my son to take to college to gather dirty clothes-great size for big volume . Will hold 
Does the job very well, but is feature-poor for price. I recently reviewed the Gaggia espresso maker I bought when I got this grinder, and mentioned the grinder in that 
Wonderful. I loved the retro look of this clock. I have had it about a year now and it is still going strong. I have had it in several places 
Great kettle, but it gets VERY hot!. I love how this kettle looks and how quickly it heats water. I also really like that it is cordless and you can 
this is a high quality raclette oven. I ve used many raclette ovens in the past, but this one is definitely of superior quality. The heavy stone top is really 
Great Knife, Great Life. I bought this knife to accompany my current knife set well over a year ago. It stays sharp and I think it will last forever  
one that you can hand down. very good set of pots and pans. I ve had a set for years and decided my daughter needed a good set. she was 
a nice cutter. This doughnut cutter was a huge help for me. Though it may seem small at only three inches in diameter, it is actually well suited to doughnut-making--they 
Good Looking - modestly comfortable. This is a handsome set for a home billiard room. The chairs are small and do not invite you to sit for any prolonged periods. 
Best hooks ever!. I am a relatively beginner crocheter, but I have been through 3 different hooks: a plastic, Boye, and Susan Bates. I wouldn t give up my Susan 
Good value. I waited for a while before commenting. Yes they do give off some fiber initially but not excessively. They are thirsty - one wipe and your dry. Very 
Super storage for pet food. My cat is greedy and likes to break in to any food bag she can find. This container is perfect for storing her food bag 
Great Vac. Great vacuum. I like the fact that you can see the lint in the canister so you know when it s time to empty. Sucks lint like a 
World s Best -- This product has definitely proven it s title!. I recently adopted a cat and am a first time cat owner and I am determined to provide 
The Crockery II 4-Quart Slow Cooker. Hey! The service from the stores at Amazon is almost faster than some of the Big Chain W stores we have here. Waiting in 
Pricey but a good filter. I recently moved to Pearland, a Houston suburb. The water straight off the faucet is bearable but has a very noticeable after-taste. Since I am 
Sweetest little things. These petite ramekins are beautifully made; the ridges are pretty but functional so you can get a good grip on them. At just shy of 8 oz. 
So much better than an electric blanket!. I got one of these someplace else in Queen size. Toss a cheapo 39 down comforter on top to hold in the heat 
Easy to use Rice Cooker. I have been using rice cookers for 20 years and this is the best one I have used. It is easy to use and clean. 
Steam Press. So far I m satisfied with my Steam Fast Press. It does save some time from ironing. I can sit and work and watch TV.  
Perfect for lots of foods!. I make extras of everything and this keeps things like spaghetti and macaroni & cheese perfect. I like the longness of the container, makes it 
Good crate for well-mannered dogs. I have two fairly large dogs: 70 and 80 pounds. I also have a minivan in which I transport them. I currently have two of 
So far, so good!. It s still brand new, so everything s working great. I really love the color; I bought it to match my yellow standmixer.  
KitchenAid KA1PR16N thumbs up!. I got a smoking deal on these right before Christmas. These forged knives are fairly large and heavy which I like as I have big hands. 
Mikasa Stanton Stainless-Steel Iced Tea Spoons, Set of 4. Good heavy, substantial feel. Not likely to bend. Nice shine. Nice contemporary pattern. Highly recommended  
Bring Along the Bottle. My husband received a similar bag for Christmas that holds 6 bottles of beer. We are scheduled to attend a formal event where we will need 
Pizzelle Press. I bought this product for our family to start making Pizzelles. Its so easy to make and the size is just perfect.I would recommend this product to everyone.Kids 
Sweetest little things. These petite ramekins are beautifully made; the ridges are pretty but functional so you can get a good grip on them. At just shy of 8 oz. 
Easy to use, good value. I have a manual sharpener, but in reality almost never use it. The electric sharpener makes keeping my knives sharp a no-brainer. There s a 
Great light. I am very low vision so I need a significant amount of light to read. I have had a lot of trouble with the past itty bitty s 
A Beautiful Item. This is a beautiful item. The copper and brass together make this an interesting paper towel holder for any kitchen. The base is made of copper and 
Best I have had yet!. At first I didn t like it at all but it takes some getting use to and now I love it. As I said the 
my kitty Boo-boo just loves it!. My three year old med-length hair tortiseshell cat adores this brush. She gets persistent dandruff and furballs but won t let me touch her 
 This is not the large size, it s their medium... This 6.5-inch diameter lid is not the large size. The large size is appx 10-inch diameter and is advertized 
quality. I have noticed a lessening in quality to the Pormeirion Botanic Garden line. The china was noticably thinner and the quality of the finish of the decorations was less 
Waring MX1000 review. Pros:Professional smoothies exactly like Jamba Juice Very easy to cleanPolycarbonate carafeQuick does its business very quickly Cons:Expensive not everyone spends 400 on a blender Loud not appropriate 
Love them!. I recieved my order, as always, in a very timely fashion and am very pleased with the quality.Teresa Headington R  
Great canner, plenty of room. I have yet to use this product, but it is esactly what I was looking for  
A direct comparison will clinch the argument. We currently live in France, a country where wine is etched into the national consciousness. We invited some French friends over to compare 
Product is good BUT. Your charges on shipping make it stupid to order from yo  
excellent product. I love the idea of the 3 different size container s they are so easy to use and exchange. It also doesn t take that much space on 
Perfect Rice - and lots of it!. I ve owned my rice cooker for about almost 2 years and use it alot...my significant other is a fantastic cajun cook, and 
Excellent product. This product is sturdy and easy to use. It holds the ironing board and iron without any problems. Excellen  
Waterford Unity Candle Holders. It was very pretty, exactly what we wanted to make my daughters wedding day SPECIAL  
Krups Replacement Carafe. The replacement carafe is the exact replacement part from Krups. It has the same features as the OEM. Its purchase saved the coffee maker from the trash 
somewhat flawed but not horrible ... ok never mind, it s pretty bad. UPDATE APR 12, 2007:well, two flimsy plastic pieces on the filter holder have broken off in the 
Great. Bought two; one for me and one as a gift. We both love them  
shark. excellent product does what it says it can pickup anything, it feels like holding a chainsaw in your hand.  
Good quality. I ordered the set for everyday use. When ordered it was on sale. The set was well worth the money. I ordered a second set just in case 
Tables. Purchased the mission style end tables and coffee table for a medical office and they are great - Our patients comment everyday about how beautiful our new office is 
Ironing day is a pleasure.... Oh, how I hated to give up my faithful and trusty Black and Decker iron that I have used for the past 15 years or 
Utterly Perfect. As a longtime collector of Homer Laughlin s Fiesta, I can say this pitcher might be the apex of design. It is form AND function, beautiful and sturdy. 
Great Deal. The color was a little lighter than I wanted, it was like a smokey dark blue not a bright navy but it feels great and is the perfect 
Simply the best!. I have been using Swingaway can openers for years, although I have tried the safety openers as well; I found the others to be too hard to 
great. These are excellent products for the price and great to have around......even if will never use them  
MAKES PERFECT WAFFLES LIKE NORWAY. Just like Norway! Husband is from Norway and these waffles come out just like home  
The ultimate vac. After trying a lot of lesser vacs, i finally found one that works perfectly. Love it. Very easy to operate and no mess when you empty the 
I Like Em. I have these on a plastic textured telescoping rod and they work well. The first week or so, 3 or 4 had the tendancy to come unhooked 
great little bakers. Good Bakers, rather small, but they fit what I use them for very well. Being single I don t usually cook for large groups. I like to 
Functional with Pizzazz. I can t say enough good things about this beautifully-colored, lidded casserole dish. From fruit cobblers to hot dips or even a small lasagna, it performs extremely 
Bodum rocks. These Bodum espresso shot glasses are not only functional, but awesome looking as well. The double layered glass makes these a piece of art when filled and also 
I Love It!. I had bought my first Fiestaware Cereal Bown sight unseen from Amazon.com, and I absolutely love the rich, cinnamon color of Cinnabar!The Cereal Bowl comes in handy 
Love My Knife. I really enjoy using the knife. I have a very nice set of Henckels knives now. The blade is sharp and very sturdy. I m sure it 
As close to silent as you re gonna get. I bought this pump today and hooked it up. It made almost no sound. You could only really hear it when 
fiestaware at Amazon. I hadn t used Amazon before and did so at the suggestion of my sister. Amazon had the products that I wanted, at good prices, and the 
Great sheets, good value. I bought these a year ago and have not had a problem with quality or workmanship. The sheets have become softer with washing and are the 
great table. I purchased this thinking I would need to shorten the legs in order to use it as a table in my bedroom sitting area between two rattan arm 
Mom loved them. Birthday gift and my mom, great southern cook, was thrilled with them. that made me thrilled.John Dwain  
Nice but bright!. This machine is larger than many ceramic models but nice looking and heats very well. The fan is very quiet. I like that you can use it 
Wonderful tool; fixed a critical issue. My wife and I love to hike with our German Shepherd. However, her the dog behavior had become an issue. Whenever, she sees another 
Great buy!. Not only did we save a bunch by buying through Amazon, we re also very pleased by the quality and utility of our new Analon cookware  
Amazed it works so great!. I really didn t think I would find something that would hold this much water and keep it super hot all day long. It is 
DOESN T FEEL LIKE SATIN. THESE ARE NICE QUALITY SHEETS BUT I WAS A LITTLE DISAPPOINTED..I WAS EXPECTING THEM TO FEEL MORE SATINY.  
Hamilton Beach Toaster Oven Broiler # 31177. I am very pleased with this oven. heats evenly and the temperture controls are excellent. Also is very spacious, will hold a good 
Great new pot. Great addition to my set of these pots & pans. It s nice to have the glass tops to peek inside. The rubberize handles make them nice 
Sunflower Yellow is Beautiful!. I collect both old and new Fiesta Ware and was thrilled to see the vibrant new Sunflower Yellow dinnerware. The color is wonderful; much darker and 
excellent disply article. While the functionality is perfect, the color is lighter than shown on the internet.  
Great Slicer. I have not had any problems with this slicer and I really wish I had known about this slicer before. This is my third slicer, and by far 
my favorite way to cook. this thing barely fits in my oven so it can make a big big stew. i have loved my 4 quart schlemmertopf clay pot but 
cosco step stool. I was pleased with the step stool. It was fairly easy to puttogether. Looks nice in my kitchen  
Pretty good. I was worried my cat wouldn t take to the new litter, but he had no issues. This seems to work better than Litter Maid. We have a 
Item was returned... because I chose the wrong size. The return and consequent credit to my account was handled very efficiently and fast by Amazon. Thanks  
Fuss-free pan holder. Forget about the clumsy thick baking mitts and pot holders which do not allow for a good grip on the pan. This little piece of suede is 
Premiere wine decanting!. I must say, there is decanting wine and there is DUCK decanting! This duck decanter is far superior on every account.First, it has a perfectly balanced feel 
Awesome Trash Can!!. This is by far the best trash can we ve ever had. We had spent nearly 100 on a stainless steel trash can from Sam s before, 
Pretty little dishes!. Not a necessary addition to the Nova Brown dishes, but very pretty and will have a number of uses. The pottery and colors are beautiful and the 
Wedding flutes. Me and my fiance purchased these flutes for our wedding toast, and are very happy with them. Amazon s free shipping was actually 6 days faster than quoted, 
Amazing!!!. Wow, what a pan. I have bought the 8, 10, 11, and 12.5 inch pans. I love them. I have recently and replaced my Ultrex non stick with these 
Basic features, excellent design. despite the lack of fancy features such as adjustable tempreture and timer, this fryer has outstanding air filter and oil drain that takes the pain out 
Great cocktail shaker. I have purchased several cocktail shakers over the years and have always had problems. With the typical stainless steel 20 one the lid always got stuck and 
This Brush is AMAZING. When I pick up the brush both my dogs fight to be first. My Chow has long hair that is always in knots on her backside. 
Great Product. Bought this as a gift for my mom. She said it took a time or two to get used to, but now she loves it  
Nostalgia Electrics CCP509 Full-Size Popper. We really like our popper...except A LOT of kernals do not get cooked and are spit out because both sides of the stainless steel pop 
WORTH IT!!. IT S SMALLER THAN WHAT I HAD EXPECTED, BUT IT S WORTH THE FORTY BUCKS..  
Perfect Solution for my husband and I. My husband like to keep the bedroom cool Brrr . This helps him sleep better; however I was cold until we bought the 
Simply...the best!. I have had a Brikka for about three weeks now and think is the greatest! It is easy to use, clean and the espresso comes out with crema 
Cooked some croissants just fine. My old pans got a little rusty round the edges and the non-stick on these new ones still works.  
Make cooking breakfast easier. Love the grill press! it even looks cute with the little piggy on it. The egg rings - well, the eggs stick to them no matter 
This is an unbelievalable value !!. I purchased this set a couple of weeks ago, and could not be more happy with the quality of the products. For the price, 
Very good kitchen timer. It is simple and easy to use. Large clear numbers. Like one of the other reviewers, I also use it to time espresso shots.  
Much better than I expected. My title sums it up - I really had low expectations for this chair, but it performs like a champ. It s in our children 
7-in springform pan. This is a great pan. I have a larger one, but this one fits in my pressure cooker. Makes a wonderful cream cheese cake in the pressure 
Edge Grain. Useful review above, but the picture clearly shows it is an edge grain cutting board.  
works great. The litter locker is great. After running out of refills, I could really notice when going back to the old method scooping into a small aluminum trashcan for 
My Klingon Kitchen Knives. Couldn t resist the design, but to try these out first bought the 8 chefs bargain and then fell in love with the feel as well 
What more is there to say... it s an ice bucket... It s all that I expected... a plastic bucket to hold ice cubes. I don t really know how 
Pink Pans for Cancer Research. A great Christmas gift for my daughter-and a way to support breast cancer research. The pans are beautiful and well made. A wise purchase  
4qt Stainless Steel Presure Cooker ,Presto 01341. I am delighted with my Presto 4 Qt. cooker. Used it twice and works great. I am planning on buying another one for 
Exceptional addition to any kitchen. Unfortunately, this pan is no longer sold as an open stock item, and can only be found in sets, such as the 8- and 13- 
Very useful. I purchased this as a stocking stuffer for my husband this Christmas, and it was a wonderful choice. I have to admit, that I chose it more because 
Love to cook in large amounts. This product was purchased to match previous pieces in a set. I love the size of the stock po  
Beautiful color. I absolutely love the new Scarlet color by Fiestaware. Mine did arrive in one piece which is a miracle as the box looked like it had been used 
Rival 6 quart ice cream maker. Works great. Motor is faster and stronger than the basic machines. The dasher is quite a bit more impressive as well.  
Not JUST swedish, they re Norwegian, too!. I love rosettes. Everyone always compliments me on mine, and 2 dozen disappear like magic at family gatherings. They re wonderful crispy cookies, 
Great glasses, but be careful. These glasses look like ones that cost much more. They are thin, crystal-clear glass. Realizing that, I thought they should be hand washed. But I 
Coolest green pot!. We ve benn collecting Le Creuset cookware for years and without a doubt this is our favorite pot of all. It s the perfect size for 2 
Cuts like a knife 10 times its price!. This knife is amazing. I saw it had earned the highest review in a cooking magazine, so I went ahead and ordered 
Great table!. This is great table and chairs: solid, real and very good quality beech. My kids 3 and 7 years old love it. I ordered two days shipping and 
sharp stuff!. The blades are really sharp, a wonderful replacement for my old knives. Chicago Cutlery is quality cutlery. The only criticism, if there is one, is that the handles 
Just what I wanted. This carafe is inexpensive and keeps the liquid hot for at least 12 hours. The only problem was that it had scratches and little stains on 
stick handle steamer. I LOVE MY STEAMER I BOUGHT. I HAVE THE REVERE PANS AND I DIDN T HAVE THIS ONE. IT WORKS SO WELL WITH MY PANS BUT I 
Super sharp, great medium size knife. I really like this knife for making thin slices of small to medium size veggies. However, I think this knife is a bit small 
cool carafe. I love this carafe - it is perfect for making flavored water with sliced lemons, limes & oranges. The narrow neck means that the fruit won t fall 
Nancy in Oregon. I ordered these glasses just for the adults in my family. We have had child proof and unbreakable plastic glases too long. I have used sturdy thick 
Love this coffeemaker!. I bought this for my husband three years ago, and he absolutely loves it. In fact, many people who come to our house ask about it, as 
Fantastic muffin pan. This item is heavyweight, easy to hold with an oven mitt, with an excellent nonstick finish. Without question the best muffin cupcake pan I ve ever owned. 
No more plastic megalo-mart bags!. I bought the LitterLocker Plus last month as a trial-run because if it didn t work, I was going to send it back. The refill 
Great wine glasses. Bought these a few weeks ago and have found them to live up to expectations.  
Mostly great. I bought this as a temp home for a betta until I got her a larger living space. it s great for that. I now use it as 
Nice and warm, minor flaws. I am a 30-year old man and bought this for myself because I am a nerd. This is nice and warm - I kept my 
Valentin Cake Pan. The cake was easy to remove from the pan and was perfect. I took it to a party and everyone was amazed at the detail of the 
Great tea kettle with silicone handle - brushed steel version. I got my brushed steel Tea Kettle as a housewarming present, and I have not had any problems with it. 
Great product, espcially for the price. I bought this to go on my queen size bed, since it seems like all the queen size comforters are too small. This is 
THIS IS AWESOME. What a awesome idea...you can SEE everything as you shower....but your hidden....its like getting two shower curtains for one..and the no hooks is so much neater, better....not 
Busy B&B LOVES Mezzaluna!. Since I own a B&B, I grow my own herbs. I have owned this mezzaluna for a number of years and it s still going strong; 
Sweeper Bags. The Electrolux sweeper that uses these bags is very expensive and so are the bags. If I had known that I could only purchase these online I may 
Riedel Ouverture Beer Icewater Glasses, Set of 4. As always Amazon stood behind its merchandise. I bought these as a gift many times and the recipients are always very happy 
Love these dishes. I really love these dishes! I have been looking a long time for square dishes that had some personality and didn t cost an arm and leg 
Good deal. I got it about two weeks ago and have used it for a few times already. It is in good quality and I like it so far. It 
If it doesn t annoy the dog, make it annoy the owner. I bought this bark stop because my neighbor has a pit bull that stays out 24 7 barking, 
Great Addition. The steamer insert fits a variety of pots. It is a great way to prepare fresh vegetables  
Great looking, works very well. We live in a studio apartment so we wanted something that would take the chill out during the spring and fall when the heat doesn 
Happy purchase. My husband purchased the Console table and the bookshelves for my massage studio. I put together 2 bookshelves and 1 console table in 2 hours. I love them. 
Outstanding product, easy assembly, fast shipping. I received 2 racks exactly when promised and had them both put together in less than 15 minutes using an allen wrench drill bit 
I love my new Fiestaware!. These are great dishes. I ve had no problems. I m collecting a place setting in each color and they look fabulous. Do try to 
Pfaltzgraff makes it a 5. Everyone I gave the mugs to enjoyed them and stated how they suited their personality so well. I just needed a mug to give with 
VillaWare Quatro Pizzelle Baker is a dream!. This product makes four perfect pizzelles at a time! There was no stickiing even from the first pizzelle made. It heats quickly and 
1 1 2 quart covered round dish. one of my favorite pieces of stoneware. very good size. cooks eveningly. like the blue color  
Advantage is Great. Advantage for cats from this merchant was great... great product... great price... great service.. thank  
BEST STEAMER I VE EVER USED. WE HAVE HAD SEVERAL STEAMERS BUT THIS ONE TOPS THEM ALL OF EASE OF USE, QUIETNESS AND FOOD PREPERATION. IT IS THE QUIETNESS AND 
Great Shower Curtains. I first saw and used this type shower curtain at various motel I stayed at while traveling. I liked them, because of the hooklees feature and the 
Beautiful wood. I was in need of a larger knife block. After looking at the many options out there, I m glad I chose this. The bamboo wood is very 
Nice kids pillow. My son loves it very nice. It is a nice gift for ages below 5. It got a good shape, nice grip to hold  
Worth the price and attractive on the countertop. This KF510-BK makes a good cup of coffee which was my main priority in the purchase. The switch of my six year 
Chef s Choice 632 Slicer. Positive: Great! Great! Great! I spent weeks going over reviews and comments about electric food slicers in preparation for replacing one that I had been 
GREAT LITTLE KNIFE. I am a line-cook for a Restaurant. I use this knife alot. It gets places a Henckels 8 chef knife can not get in to. It has 
Relatively accurate. I bought one of these for my girlfriend... THEN read the reviews! In my opinion it appears to work fairly well. The sensitivity switch needs to be adjusted 
The Key to Great Coffee at Home. I could never figure out why the coffee I made at home didn t taste as good as the coffee I bought at 
Great Bowls!. These bowls are very nice. I ordered them because the bowls I had didn t even hold an 18oz can of soup. These bowls hold a decent amount, 
Very nice stoneware. We purchased this stoneware to replace some aging Corelle. We are very impressed with the quality and yet simplicity of this dinnerware. Recommended  
Wamsutta Towels. I received my towels promtly as I expected, they are wonderful! They re very soft & fluffy. They work well after a shower. Some towels don t dry 
Classy and Quiet. Search Amazon carefully, you may find a better price, this fan seems to be listed 3 or 4 ways with vastly different prices.This is an elegant fan 
Outstanding pan. This is an excellent pan, a little effort is required to keep the copper looking naturally beautiful but that is to be expected. It s heavy which is 
Perfect For This New Englander...Soups On. I have had this set and individual pieces associated with this set for quite some time and I love it. I m someone who 
Reliable piece of kitchen-ware. I believe I use this particular pan at least 4 days a week if not more. It isn t too heavy nor too light I sound 
A work of culinary art. This is the by far the best piece of cookware I have in my kitchen. It is perfect for stew, chili, browning, slow cooking, casseroles 
Very nice but ! - > Just Very Good !. Very nice knife. It is sharp, really sharp. Handle feels good.One problem with me. The width of the balde near 
Victory is mine! and Everlasting Treat Ball . I have 2 retrievers 7 months and 1 year and they are basically 60 pounds of raging teeth. They destroy virtually every 
What else do you expect from Global?. These Fish Bone Tweezers from Global were the first fishbone tweezers that I encountered while building my kitchen tool arsenel some time ago. 
A great wine rack product. I ve use this product in 3 homes now and it always fits the space. It also breaks down nicely and packs into a surpisely 
Very handy piece of cutlery. I never had this type of knife design before and it is very functional.  
Great for the price. This comforter is great for the price. It s much nicer then you d expect. I m in California so our winters are not that cold, 
Love Love Love this tea maker!!!!. I have this tea maker under the brand Westinghouse. I use it all the time and was looking for another to have in case 
Works for me. I have had the Misto for about a month. After reading the reviews, I was a little hesitant to get one. However, I have used mine for 
Small Mixer. This is an excellent battery powered mixer for items like chocolate milk,protein drinks, cocoa, high fiber drinks,frothing milk for coffee,powdered drinks, and other small mixing jobs.  
Yellow Step Chair. This is a nice chair with very good padding for what I am using it for. The steps seem to side in their on when I need 
Great Knives - Horrible Block. I love these knives. The block leaves a lot to be desired. The slots are cut all the way through the bottom of the block. 
WONDERFUL-EXCELENT-MARVELOUS!. I REALLY LIKE AND I FEEL LIKE IF I WAS IN NORWAY-ENJOYING THOSE WONDERFUL COOKIES AND SO EASY TO MAKE--THANK YOU--MARIA KLIN  
One year later I still love it. My roommate and I use this toaster daily and I ve never had problems with it. The material is light but very sturdy. 
The Best of Henckels Knives. I bought this set after considering the 18 Piece Gourmet Henckels for 299 best price I could find knowing that this set includes the steak 
Wonderful Dinnerware. I registered for this dinnerware for my recent wedding. I LOVE IT. My mother-in-law and one of my sister-in-laws also has this set, but in red. IT IS 
Superb Air Cleaner. This is being used in a small room 120 sq feet , but it clearly could accommodate a much larger room. It is quiet and efficient. Amazon 
REALLY WORKS - DOGS LOVE IT. At first they were skiddish when I turned on the brush. NOW, they push each other out of the way to get groomed with 
Fantastic waffle maker!. The VillaWare heart shaped waffle maker is fantastic! My family really enjoys the heart shaped waffles. Kids of all ages will be impressed by looks of your 
Just got my Bubbler. I just read the last review that said the hose cracked and I ll be keeping an eye on this with my new Bubbler. It seems 
Love this little pot!. I just bought this All-Clad LTD Butter Warmer from my local Viking Culinary Arts center. It was a bit pricey, but TOTALLY worth the money. If 
Wonderful!. I just got this as a gift. It s adorable, works well, and is great for parties. Of course, you have to be safe and monitor it, but the 
Classic design - useful size. These little bowls nest perfectly. They hold 2 3 cup liquid in the bowl portion up to the edge . I m using them for 
good for ages 0-100. This is a great product whether you are on a diet, a new mom making baby food or pureeing food for an older person... it is 
mmmmm....sleep!. I like this pillow a lot. My husband however does not. He used it one night and now it is in the closet. It is too firm for him, 
Good enough for me. The only thing wrong with mine is that I can t get it to zero out. So my measurements start at 1 lb. with the bowl 
head rest for a bath. easy to set up. don t like the way you have to attach the suction cups to hold the spa pillow..a little more thought needs 
Perfect. Best glassware I have ever owned. If you love a good martini this is the cherry on top  
cute and easy to clean. I love this little thing, but I just wish I had gotten the bigger one. I need it to be 3 times the size for 
I like it. For my purposes this works really well. I guess I live in a warmer climate Davis, CA where our coats are only for 30 degree weather, but 
Sea Mist Fiestaware dishes are wonderful!. I love these dishes. They are lead-free and you can do so much with them because they are a solid color. I liked the 
Great toy!!!. This toy was purchased as a Christmas present for my 3 month old lab mix puppy. As some of you may know labs are some of the most 
Affordable luxury. These luxurious quality sheets are my best buy of the spring. Where else can you get a quality queen sheet set for 30 that looks and feels this 
handy and versatile. I received this as a Christmas gift. I ve used it to carry wine to parties and even onto an airplane. I had a tote large enough 
Mop Pad adaptation. I have arthritis in my hands and the drawstring on the Mop Pads is too small for me to grab. I use the pads made for buffing 
Fantastic as advertisde. We ve had our cats for about 4 years now and bought them every single toy that eBay or PetSmart offers. Mice, cat nip, feather toys, cat 
Fabulous Fountain. I bought this fountain to replace a waterer much like the giant bottles you fill and turn upside down. I was concerned my cat would not like it, 
Awesome bottle opener... This is a great bottle opener....strong, sturdy, and only 3.96 everyday at Walmart. It d do you good to pick it up there, rather than spend nearly 
Incredible Quality. A beautiful pan from Kitchenaid. I use it for everything and the lid is a big bonus. Think of it as a 10 skillet you use everyday, which 
excellent slicer!. If you want to spend this much money for a slicer, go ahead and buy this machine! I use it for almost two years now.It s not so 
air perfect for my needs. I was particularly looking for something that would de flate quickly. It is as simple to put away as it is to inflate.I am very 
Black Halogen Torcheire Floor Lamp w CD Rack & Dimmer Switch. Exactly what I was looking for. Minor damage to the base of the lamp  
Great Product. I used this for an entire year to heat a 20x10 master bathroom on a north-facing corner in a house in the snow belt in New York State. 
crazy high price!. I bought this item in Jan. 07, when it was priced at 6.99. For what I paid it is o.k., though the plastic tray bed is a 
So far. So far this Wok has rocked. I was shocked at how nice it is for the price. It was given to me as a present and I totally 
Nice Comforter. I paid 34.99 for this Microsuede Down Comforter Set. I was thinking I was getting a sheet, comforter, and pillow cases because of the set but this set 
Nice Mug - Not So Nice Price. This mug is nice and cute and durable - the color is even and matches well with the other cinnabar items I have. 
Excellent heater for the money. This heater exceeds my expectations. It puts out lots of heat and is very quiet. I like the fan only feature as well as the 
Decent Pillow. I bought two of these pillows to replace standard fiber-fill pillows which were leaving me with neck cramps. I thought they would be a suitable alternative, especially after 
pretty good. For the cheap price on sale I think it was 5 I paid on it, it is pretty good quality and is soft. If  
Nice product & good value. I got this in an effort to minimize all the clutter in my cabinets, and I m very happy with this little juicer. I still 
Bark Stop Pro Works with Big Dogs. We have large dogs who are so sweet but end up barking at noisy neighbors with children playing in the field behind our 
Keeps the Teenagers Happy. I purchased this deep fryer after doing considerable research on-line. I wanted one with a good capacity and that would be reliable. It has surpassed my 
Works great, cools humidifies cleans the air in one end of the house. The only reason I didn t give it a 5 was that the canisters are a little 
Soft and Very Comfortable. I ve had endless trouble finding good quality but affordable deep-pocket sheets for my queen size mattress. I just added a 3 memory foam pad, making 
Comes in handy to stock up!. I purchased enough to stock up for my espresso machine because I seem to have to descale it quite often.... It was inexpensive and 
Wow. What a great vacuum cleaner. I ve only used this once but I m confident that it will last a long time with proper care. It was pretty easy 
Will cut up a steel-belted radial. OK, maybe not. But it will make short work of a chicken or one of those imprenetrable plastic blister packs that everything is packaged 
kong stuffers. These nice and soft. Great for stuffing kong toys. My dogs love them!  
Beautiful glasses. Just received them for Christmas and am very impressed. They look great and make the martinis taaster just a little bit better  
Outstanding. The best knives I ve ever owned, bar none. They come with a razor edge and are easy to re-hone with just a few strokes on the Kershaw-Shun steel 
Matches the dishes and Teapot. Matches the dishes and teapot exactly - which is nice for an item that is continuously displayed  
Fits perfectly, not crunchy . I bought this mattress liner for my child s bedroom and it is just what we needed. It is nice and smooth, not noisy at 
pleased with corner desk. The desk is all I wanted it to be. There were 2 broken parts when I unpacked it but I called custoner wervice at Bush and 
as advertised. I shopped around for pricing and found that for this product it was the best price. It shipped within a couple days. I m very pleased with it 
Great Pressure Cooker! Excellent Value and Quality!. This pressure cooker is the bees knees! I have used the Fagor Splendid duo for a while which is two slightly smaller sized 
Product was nice,. Liked the bowls, however, I did change my mind on what style I wanted and sent them back around 12-12 via ups and to date have not 
multi tasking. I received my scooba and really love the fact that I can be cleaning my floors really well and doing other things at the same time. Dont think 
Ed From Queens. This grill is the best grill I ever had bar none. Forget gas Forget charcol!! The taste of the food will blow your mind. I cooked steaks 
Great Quality, Great Size!. My wife and I have long been fans of Fiestaware and we have been using many of their pieces for years. Somehow it wasn t until 
Great Collar. This collar works out great. It performs just as the Amazon description shows. It is unintrusive and snaps off when certain force is exerted. It s fun, too, 
Simple, fast and safe. I didn t drink much hot water until my parents came to visit me from China. They are used to drinking hot water, so I bought 
The easiest bottle opener ever!. I love this bottle opener - it requires no force at all. You just keep turning the handle and the screw goes straight into the 
hot air popper. My old hot air popper hit the dust after about 20 years of a lot of use. Hope this gives me the same kind of service. My 
Great product!1. I really like this popper. It makes great popcorn with little unpopped kernels. You have to experiment a bit to get the correct time to cook. Also the 
When you need to weigh very small amounts &lt;1 lb. . A nice little product, well designed. You can put a container on first, reset to zero, then add content 
Lemon squeezer metal. Its a really effective juicer; it leaves the fruit almost completely dry  
Save money - fewer vet visits for ear infections. My beagles have chronic ear infections and I was spending hundreds of dollars per year to keep them in check - 
Saves on barking and scratched doors and walls--excellent. We love our pet chime. It took a little time to train our dog on it but now it s the only 
Nice product - BUT picture of red is misleading. As previously mentioned, while they call this red, it is really a burnt-orange. If you are trying to match some other 
Great product. We reciever this microwave quickly. My microwave died after 35 yrs. and I was so happy it arrived fast. It is easy to operate and the instructions are 
best value. I bought two sand color bath towels months ago. Very thick and soft. I wash them lots of time and they still look quite new. Now the price 
Does it work on cars? So far, so good. I was sick of finding scratches on my black paint job whenever the cat would sleep on the hood of my 
Greatest tea Kettle ever!. This kettle is so nice, I love it, it heats up fast and it looks great on my kithen counter. You can heat up water fast, 
Top Quality but noisy. This unit does a great job on coffee and appears to be rugged. I do agree with the other reveiws that it is noisy but I 
Overall the highest value and best juicer for a variety of juices. After many years of using centrifugal juicers, I purchased an Omega 8003 exactly the same as the 8005 
A fantastic machine. This is by far the best espresso machine I have owned. It is very easy to use, and creates espresso that tastes as good or as better 
Possibly the coolest thing I have in my kitchen. I found this when originally shopping for a stock pot of similar size. I d also been looking for a deep 
The best of the best. I use this press everyday, and have had no problems at all. The only way that someone could damage their press is to:use metal objects 
Braun 10 cup coffeemaker. This coffeemaker is a simple device with no bells and whistles. It makes very hot coffee too  
Slow Cooker. Even at the low setting it cooks too fast and too hard.Recipes that call for 8 hours on low are done in 7 hours or less.Aside from that, 
CERAMIC TRAVEL MUG. THE PERFECT TRAVEL MUG. I HATE THE PLASTIC MUGS OR THE PLASTIC LINED MUGS. THIS ONE KEEPS MY TEA HOT AND DOESN T SLIDE AROUND. IT S 
Wow!. The photo does not do this piece justice! My jaw dropped when I first pulled it out of the box. The color is beautiful, as is the styling, it 
Plushest towels ever!. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of these towels. They re long enough to wrap me twice and so thick and absorbent. I recommend these towels 
Great quality Excellent Price. Henckels are wonderful knives! You simply can t go wrong with them. The weight of each knife is comfortable for your hand yet feels sturdy. The 
Multi purpose knife!. This knife is greate for deboning chicken, but its also perfect for cutting up hot dogs, chicken nuggets and other small items. I like the blade, the 
Best Pizza Cutter I ve Ever Used! I Love It!. I never thought I d write a review about a pizza cutter, but this one is wonderful. First of all, 
Excellent Product. What an excellent coffee machine. And what a value. You can run both sides at the same time to accomodate everyone. Buy it...you ll like it  
so far so good. I ve made the mousse, chopped an onion, and made a smoothie so far. All turned out fine. The onion didn t chopped entirely b c 
Great Sheets for sure!. These sheet are nice and soft have them around 3 months now and can t wait until it s their turn to be put on my 
A Wonderful Kitchen Tool. Just like a screwdriver is a poor tool for pounding a nail, this is a poor tool for shredding soft cheese and soft fruits such as 
I can t complain!. I was pleased with these canisters. The lids do not screw on but seem to be airtight with the rubber seal. The only complaint I have 
Great compliment... Loved these rings classy; stylish especially with my new Crescent Shower rod a lovely curved rod that actually gives you more room in the tub! ... Nice nickel 
Wow!. The photo does not do this piece justice! My jaw dropped when I first pulled it out of the box. The color is beautiful, as is the styling, it 
Works just fine. I bought this teaball in spite of the bad review it received from one customer. I m not sorry I did. It is a nice large teaball 
Great price, great knife!. I purchased the 5 Furi East West knife and am now ordering the 7 . I did not make the decision based on Rachel Ray but 
Mug Warmer. Having suffered for years with at best lukewarm coffee this mug warmer was a total delight. It keeps my coffee hot for hours. Not too hot, just good 
Comfortable. Hello,I bought this topper and I find it to be very soft and comfortable. I don t have any problems with it  
great for home grown produce. This is the only canning system I would ever use. Its easy and less dangerous then the pressure canners. I ve canned everthing from homemade 
Jura Impressa Z5. I have just replaced my Gaggia Titanium which after 3 months decided to break down. I decided rather than replace with the same machine to go with 
Gorgeous knife, well balanced. This is an incredibly beautiful knife, with an excellent weight. Well-balanced. The damascus steel is just so nice. My husband had been drooling over this knife 
So far, so good. I have had many issues over the years with my pets and water. A cat we used to have had Chronic Renal Failure, so getting him 
Very nice folding bookcase. This is the first folding bookcase that I ve purchased and am quite happy with it my other bookcases are of the assemble yourself type . 
Desktop Bliss. Perfect for the office. Makes cubelife a little more pleasurable, one cup at a time.  
Cleans the air. This filter works really well in that it really does clean the air. After a month or 2 months of using this filter, it is turning gray. 
Couldn t better. Light, soft, warm, good quality overall. And I got it with extremely affordable price. Everyone loves it in the family  
Love these!. These little cutters are great for making bento, but they also get my picky toddler to eat more veggies. You gotta love that! I have also used them 
Great addition. A really great addition to our Fiesta collection. This bowl is the perfect size for soup, ice cream, etc. Also great as a small mixing bowl when cooking. 
Ornament storage box. I got this item for our church to store glass ornaments in and it is really great. The trays come apart so you can just carry it 
Wonderful Pan. If I could give it 6 stars I would! I love my Swiss Diamond pans. This is my third. They really are non-stick without being made with Teflon, 
My kitty smelled it through the box. Yin went crazy when the toy arrived. She kept rubbing the box and crying for me to open it! I finally got it 
Great iron, works with odd recipes. My old iron burned out, so it was time to buy a new one. I have odd recipes flax seed instead of eggs, non-wheat 
Awesome! Perfect!. As a tea lover for 30 years, I have to say this electric kettle is the best one in terms of cost-benefit and performance. I ve used this 
Gift to My Daughter - LeCreuset Buffet Casserole. The Casserole was exactly what my daughter wanted. It was priced right and came within a few days of odering. I am 
good stuff. non-stick: easy removal heavy: promotes even cooking swiss diamond: use metal instruments and not scratch itAMAZING ... completely amazing. I bought this for my mom, and we LOVE 
Great Slicer Chopper. I recently began working in a Sushi Bar, where I was required to invest in my own knives. I purchased this Bunmei Usuba Knife and have found 
Gingerbread House. This is a very nice, high quality item. The colors are beautiful and it is very well made  
Good wick unless you re bad. This wick is right on, as wicks go, UNLESS you do what I ve done - leave the Vornado on, just chugging away when 
Exactly What I Wanted. After my father received this as a gift and raved about it, I bought one for myself. I use this so often now-both on my lap 
insulated glass, look great. I bought these not knowing they were hand blown glass.The double-wall insulating is great; the cup doesn t get hot. They look fragile and I m 
This is an Awesome Pan!. This is one of my very favorite pans! I don t usually write reviews of the products that I use. However, I think that Le 
Mission computer desk. this little desk arrived in great condition....I m using it as a tv & printer holder...it works fine in the area I needed.....Jud  
Help For Smaller Hands. I have very small hands for an adult woman. Consequently, I find every oven mitt too big for my hands, so it s really not safe 
Does the job well. Just perfect for melting butter quickly. You can also use it for reheating sauces for one or to infuse oil. Excellent All Clad quality. This was 
Great Blender!!. My old belnder broke and it was hard to find a good one to substitute. I actually had a very simple and cheap model, but it seemed the 
great little whisk. This whisk is solidly constucted. You won t have the feeling that the handle is going to fall off from too much use. Besides that, it has 
As a Cat Toy. This is inexpensive for a laser pointer so I didn t have high expectations, just wanted a cat toy. You have keep holding the button down 
fun dog toy. This is a great toy for agressive chewes, such as pit bull or alike. Many fun hours watching my pit push and bat this ball all over 
Good Balance, easy to sharpen, ugly as sin. I originally bought this knife because one of the chefs at the restaurant I work at had one. I picked it up 
Better than expected. great for the money. Feel like expensive sheet. Very happy with it. Just hope it is available with other colors  
Great Product. The Toastmaster 6432 is very performant, heats up very fast and you can easily cook anything on it i  
Pretty Middle of the Road Unit. I have had this product for a couple of years and it did a good job. The waffles were good but nothing spectacular. I 
Insulated, attractive, keeps-your-hand-from-freezing!. I really appreciate the construction of this cocktail shaker. The insulated walls are a godsend, as 1 your hands will not get cold shaking up the cocktail, 
Good gravy!. Well, I never thought I d own a gravy boat, but here I am! Owning a gravy boat. As gravy boats go, it just sits in the cupboard 
Not cheap. I own Rachael Ray s 3 piece knife set; they are great; sturdy, sharp, wonderfully weighted. They are Australian designed hardened German stainless steel . The bamboo box 
The Best Bird s Beak Knife Available. I have a lot of experience using various brands of kitchen cutlery, including some from relatively obscure Japanese manufacturers, and I truly believe 
The Home Styles Double Door Kitchen Cart with Butcher Block Top: Well worth the money!. What an awesome product! Heavy-duty and sturdy, you d never know it was an assemble-at-home 
Coffee tastes as beautiful as this maker looks ! A . It is a very pretty maker, and coffee is made under perfect conditions. The price is good through Amazon, 
-Thread-Count 100-Percent Cotton Sateen King Sheet Set, Bone. I purchased these sheets even though it got mixed reviews and I am very happy with them. The price was unbeatabe  
Not overly loud. Perfect little timer. Did not scare me when the alarm went off. Happy I bought it.  
Excellet product but the price. I have been using this product for at least three years now. I have to say is and excellent way to improve the grow, colors 
No More Rug Doctor. After years of renting Rug Doctors, we decided to buy our own carpet cleaner. We were also motivated by having two dogs who bring too much 
Better Than Anticipated. I thought, 5 towels for 10 bucks? How nice could they be?Well, surprisingly enough, quite nice. They are high quality and oversized. Unlike many kitchen towels that 
Cheap and simple way to make tortillas. For all of you who hate to pay extra for tortillas, which are essentially water, flour, and oil, this is ideal. You just 
tea timer is terrific. my wife and i discovered the importance of proper tea timing while visiting in germany. we discovered this same timer there, but did want to take 
Awesome pie plate!. Okay, so I bought this pie plate because I m a purple nut, but I m so glad I did! It s the first one that I 
Great TV Trays. These trays are built good and sturdy, wipes easily and look good in their stand anywherre you place them. They are serving me well  
There was a problem but now it is fixed!!. These machines are awesome and powerful, but were getting poor reviews when they debuted in 2005 because of a bobbin problem 
Versatile little pot in multiples . The properties of cast iron make it the best little fondue pot and mini sauce gravy boat. Just heat up cream and chocolate to 
Nice cookware. For the price, I have to admit this is not bad cookware. It s not your top of the line, but I wanted something dishwasher safe, with side 
Sun Tea. John Egerton once said: Iced tea is too pure and natural a creation not to have been invented as soon as tea, ice and hot weather crossed paths. 
I d rate this 10 stars if I could!. Marvelous knife!!! Well worth the money. Extremely sharp and well balanced. If you have a larger hand this will fit your 
Exactly as Expected. The SteamFast SP-660 Table Top Steam Press performs exactly as we thought it would - very well, cutting the ironing time by as much as 50 . 
Revere The Best. I only use Revereware cookware with copper bottoms. My husband, who is a mechanical engineer, states that cookware with copper bottoms is the best conductor of surface 
SA-WEET!!!. This was the best purchase I made for Christmas, 2006. I bought two, one for a gift and one for me and both receivers were thrilled! Easy to put 
Abandon your skepticism. I bought, at the same time, this glass as well as the snifter from Riedel. I think I ve used the snifter twice, usually when I ran 
Versatility!. Just want to let you all know that the lid of this 4-1 2 quart pan also fits the 9-1 2&quot; inch Tarte Tatin Anniversary pan ...I wanted to 
Works great. simple to operate. Works great. simple to operate. Just what I needed for my contemporary kitchen. Small but efficient  
Parrothead Pottery. This was an EXCELLENT addition to my friend s parrothead kitchen. The colors are bright and add a touch of PARTY to the room  
No Regrets Buying the Refill Accessory. The refill accessory in both 50 and 70 oz sizes definitely cuts the refill-maintenance in half. Since it doubles the capacity you only refill 
Sheets. Very nice, definitely luxurious, good color, don t want to get out of bed in the morning  
Loving it!. I love this item and can t get out of bed now. Make sure you air it out and order a size up as it does not fit 
puppy battery. I needed a specific battery for an invisible fence collar. You had it; I ordered it; it was shipped; end of story. It works fine  
Fantastic Toy!. This toy has saved my sanity and my furniture! Instead of my puppy chewing the furniture, he chews on this toy instead. My puppy, who usually tires of 
Strong knot. I bought this toy for my miniature Poodle since she was chewing very quickly through her tennis balls. I made the mistake of buying the medium, but it 
Hamilton Beach 18-Quart Roaster Oven - Cost vs Value. If you are seeking an affordable roaster oven that is: easy to clean, easy to use, a great way to bake 
Great Match. Even when I bought the Fiestawere Cinnabar creamer I loved it right away, but to order the Cinnabar Covered Suger Bowl from a nother seller and have them 
nice decor as well as performance. love the way it looks... it boils water quickly, does not spil - worth every penny - definatelly recomend  
Easy as can be!. I have owned the smaller Salad Shooter for many years and it still works! and have always loved the ease of use and easy cleaning I 
Ontime and as described. Best pillow ever, cured my husband s neck-arm problem. Great price, 15 cheaper then we usually buying it for at Sears  
Sofa Throw Cover. I needed 2 throws for my couch & love seat. These throws are like big blankets and they fit perfectly over your couch & love seat. I 
Fast, no lumps, simple and elegant to use. Bought this blender for 70 in Nov 2005.Blends smoothies and frozen margueritas effortlessly and quickly - no chunks, just smooth.Great controls too. 
cool in Texas. This is the greatest little fan I ve ever used....Moves lots of air, is quiet, and you don t have to worry about the cloth blades hurting 
BEST PIZZA EVER!!!. I own several pieces of Chicago Mettalic Bakeware and all are superior to anything else I have used!...This deep dish pizza pan is GREAT!..its nice and large 
Great for Small Spaces. We got this to use in our 32 ft. motorhome. It does the job on the small carpet areas and gets in between the furniture easily 
The best deep fryer I have found so far!. I have gone through several deep fryers over the past few years in my quest to find the perfect deep fryer. 
Lid leaks... buy the cone, ditch the mug. My husband purchased the Melitta for me after reading the reviews about the quality of the coffee and the problems with the 
FiestaWare brings color to life. This is a great set of dinnerware!! After 25 years, my husband and I decided to bring some color into our lives by replacing our 
Whirley-Pop Gourmet Assorted Gift Set with Stovetop Popcorn Popper. Wondeful gift set, I am very pleased with the popper and the popcorn ... works well and taste great ........  
Very pleased. I never made bread before getting this food processor. I thought the bread hook thingy did a good job.I did use a small round file, like the kind 
Crisp evenly-baked crusts, not soggy. The perforations in the pan ensure that pizza crusts will be crisp and evenly baked, not soggy. My favorite pizza pan. It is lightweight and 
perfect. This is perfection. You will never use a better knife. Unlike many other high quality knives, this knife also has weight to it that makes it more balanced. Plus, 
nice product. i read all the reviews before purchasing three of these.. first off they are a very nice size, a little on the big size i might add. second, 
the pan to own. If I could have only one pan, this would be the one. When I cook, this is the first, and sometimes the only, pan to come 
Very good. I bought this sauce pan last week. The quality is very good. The handle design is quite comfortable. I tested the even heat distribution by broiling the water 
The only pet odor remover that works!. If you use this product as directed it works very well on all pet urine odors. The one downfall is if you have 
Wonderful Knives!!. I bought this full set after Christmas, and have been extremely pleased. I have small hands, but they fit very well and feel very comfortable. They are a 
The best. Well worth the money. If you doubt as to whether you will use 4.0 L, you will. Despite criticisms at speed of boiling, it is not slow. Highly 
West Bend Good for the Money. Overall it is a simply designed and effective product. I am happy with it and would make the purchase again if doing it over. 
Looks brand new, even after 5 years of use. I ve had this gratin dish for at least five years... but you d never know it. It s as shiny 
Fixing the Frothing Problem. I actually have the Capresso C1300, but was also experiencing problems with the frother. I took the tip posted by another reader and switched out the 
Good deal for the price. Good Cal King sheets for 19.99. The fitted sheet is not a perfect fit for my bed, its a little big. Also, the sheets wrinkle 
The Best!!!. I had been trying for a couple years now to train my dog to stop barking at everything that passes by our house when she is outside. When 
A good product for the Price. This mat holds in place very well and has an interesting pattern that allows the water to run through it and not just around 
Aside from the price, I am SO IN LOVE with my dishes!!. I almost feel nutty being giddy with excitement over my dishes. I have considered the Emile Henry line 
Solid!. These bowls are nice. Perfect for soup, dessert, salad, or whatever. Well, I like big salads, so they re a little small for MY salads. But they re great 
A great value. This pan is a great value. Sure, it s a little small, but you can see that when you order it s only 7 1 2 , 
Great toaster. I like this toaster a lot. It has a substantial feel to it. It stays put when you push the lever down, and the bread toasts relatively evenly. 
Love It!. This pan gets used more than any other Cuisinart Chef s Classic Nonstick Stainless pan in my kitchen. I love the size and use it for a wide 
Good little thermos. This thermos is what I expected. Holds heat very well, and the pour-through top makes it very convenient  
CO2 Cartridges. Delivery was timely. Product was in good condition. I am very pleased with the whole process order to delivery  
More Affordable Than BUNN...And Better!. We take our coffee very seriously. The right brewing temperature is key for a great cup of coffee. Recently, our Cuisinart coffeemaker, which cost three 
Nice feel, only marginally dishwasher safe. I m not a fan of how enormous wine glasses are in restaurants these days but these glasses seem like a perfect size although 
Hard to fine Sizes for shades. I was so happen to find the size vinyl blinds I needed. After searching so many stores , it was a pleasure to go 
Not Big, Not Complicated, Not Expensive! It s Great!. This is it... This is the real deal. It s the small deep fat fryer you ve been waiting for to 
It s good for leveling. If your cake has any type of crust around it, the way mine do when I use a springform pan, then this is not something 
Nice product. I was surprised by the quick delivery. I opened the box to check the bowls. Everything was intact and I was happy to give them to my cousin 
Still keeping the water hot after a year. I put boiling hot water in this carafe at 6am and at 6pm, it still comes out steaming. I ve had it 
Nice pillows for the price!. I was very happy with the product and shipment speed. Thanks very much  
Bye bye Starbucks. Hellooo amazing Vanilla Latte. I bought this espresso maker about a week ago at the suggestion of my cousin who lives in Italy. Also bought a milk 
Bat House Madness. This is a good Bat house but doesn t come with a pole. I would recomend buying a pole or just hanging it somewhere  
Good collection of canning helps. Instead of going from store to store to collect all of these gadgets to help with canning, it is good to have been able to 
Puts a Sharp Edge on Any BLade. This product will put a quick edge on any knife, large or small. Simply draw the angled paired sharpening stones over your blade, 
Excellent Toaster Oven!. We only buy DeLonghi Toaster Ovens. This is probably our 4th over the years. They all last a good long time 4-5 years and this one is 
Easy to use and great tasting. This is a great yogurt maker. My first batch turned out perfectly and I love the fresh, natural taste. Having the automatic shutoff is 
Pillow cases. These are 400-Thread-Count pair of pillowcases. I got as many as I could and all different colors and sizes, because I have twin, Queen and King size pillows 
Whirley Pop. I absolutely love this popper. It makes the best popcorn I have ever eaten. And the flavor is just like Theatre popcorn. It is easy to use and 
Love it!. This wisk is great, works perfect, low cost. What else could you ask for  
reverware pan. Great pan and exactly what I was looking for to replace the one that was 33 years old. Came exceedingly quickly as well  
Fiesta Fruit bowl. Item was satisfactory but thought it was bigger. Probably my mistak  
Love, Love, Love IT!. This is a great vacuum for the price. I have 3 cats and it picks up all their hair and I have 2 kids and it 
This is what you are looking for!. Besides the great price and super fast shipping - this sturdy, simple olive oil pourer is eloquent in any setting. Easy to clean 
You get what you pay for-but beware of limitations. I bought the Toastmaster Eclipse burner and replaced it every year since something always went wrong.This burner is a marvel. The 
My poochies ought to be bald, this stuff is GREAT!. I have a Jack Russell Terrier and a Rat Terrier. Both have that short wiry hair that sticks to EVERYTHING, 
Easy to assemble. I bought this as a rack to hold my cutting boards since I don t have a cabinet. It s very sturdy, extremely easy to assemble all 
Recommended !. The Euro Cuisine Yogurt Maker is SO FABULOUS you will want the extra jars. So will your family. When you re running low on yogurt, you can make 
Stoneware. Item arrrived on ahead of time and in good conditions at a great low price  
Great!. This is great, and for only 2.99. My son loves it. Perfect size to take on road trips  
My kitchen s all-around workhorse. This is the most versatile pot I own. I m always astounded at the price of good kitchen items nowadays, but in this case, I 
Lace needs Ironing With Starch. An excellent buy. Soft and thin for Summer use. After washing and promptly removing from drier, I immediately noticed that the sheets needed some ironing. 
A Nice Simple Design. Nice, retro design- really great colors I opted for the apple green . My only wish is that it were a bit more powerful. It is 
49erbabe. Don t hesitate to buy this light weight blanket. It is wonderfully made; the reason I m giving it a 5 rating is that it fits my California King 
Fantastic Waffles. This waffler makes some great waffles. No need to go to go the restaurant anymore for waffles  
my Shih Tzu loves this toy. I believe this is the bobo toy from the petco commercials with the dachshund weiner-dog. Regardless, my dog loves it. it squeaks and throws 
believing in our water. Our family lived for many years in a Central American country where the water was iffy. We became Brita users then in the remote hope that 
A MUST-HAVE for aquariums. This powerhead is a great thing to have for your aquarium if the tank is between 55-90 gallons. It really packs a punch for its size, 
not bad. This works great on tile grout! it would be nice if it worked good on the glass shower doors but it didn tNot bad for the price. It 
Corelle livingware is the best. These plates met my expectations and then some.I have purchased Corelle in the past.That has been almost twenty years ago.Corelle livingware never dies.I purchased these 
Bring a cool breeze to where you are going. I HAD to review this after reading the only other review for this fan. I am certain I have reviewed this 
Doesn t do everything, but isn t bad. I started using the flat ice cream scoops a few years ago, and while they DO work better scooping ice cream away 
STURDY. Everything always breaks when it hits my tile floors, but not these bowls, they simply bounce to a halt. The rubber bottom helps to stabilize them when mixing. The 
One of the best products ever. This product gets my vote as being one of the most useful appliances one can ever own. We have a lot of kitty litter 
Dog safety lights. These are great! They are colorful, attach easily to the collars, have great visability and best of all, the battery is replaceable so that you don t 
I m out of produce : . This juicer is fantastic. I couldn t believe how inexpensive it was and was actually rather apprehensive when it arrived. I plugged it 
lite and easy..I paid 7.99.in Dec-06-.Now its 12.99 WOW WHY?. I m up dateing this !I bought more of these boards in Dec-06 for 7.99 free shipping, now its 12.99 
Great starter set without any of the dangerous chemical and metals issues other have. I bought this set after the recent issues with Teflon. I did my research on all 
Works Incredibly Well -- Worth It for An Annual Biannual Cleaning. I d tried vinegar to clean my zojirushi 3 qt device. It didn t work too well.But this stuff 
Must Have for Calphalon Cookware. If you want to keep your cookware looking like brand new, you really should use this cleaner. Nothing else I have tried works as well. 
Makes Clean up a Snap!!!. I have never been so happy to clean the litter box! To be honest I m not a hundred percent sure how this ingenious contraption 
Fiesta Ware. I have used the same Fiesta Ware for the last 12 years and I have not broken a piece yet! Even when my 2 teenage boys were babies, 
Great product. this product is great the lids are handy when cooking food you need to drain. It is a easy clean up. great product  
A Pleasure To Use. I recently purchased this knife after reading the glowing reviews here on Amazon and whole-heartedly agree with all of the accolades bestowed by other reviewers. Your 
I love it. Anything by Le Creuset is worth the price. This skillet is just the right size for my stove top...and, it s only one I could find that 
KitchenAid Mixer. This product meets any expectations I had for a stand mixer. Previously I was using a hand mixer for nearly all needs, and have found the Kitchenaid to 
FIESTA!. Perfect size bowls for fruit and maybe a side dish for those of you who don t like their food all running together on your plate. Good for snacks 
great for the price. couldn t pass this one up at the low price-think it was around 14.99. they are thinner than my other sheets but overall very soft. Well 
duvet cover. I was pleased with the trueness of color and the quality of this duvet cover. It is great! And a good buy too. When you order the shams 
Excellent bookcase--looks nice, but no assembly required. I really like this bookcase. It is attractive, and easy to set up.Simply fold the shelves into place. Although it is easy to 
Excellent. Positives-I ve had the steam press for about one year now. I use it 5 days a week to iron my dress shirts, and my pants that don t 
2nd purchase after 8 years of GREAT popcorn. This is the 2nd purchase of a Whirley-Pop. I ve gotten spoiled by how good it is because movie theater popcorn tastes 
Love love love it!. I received this tomato pot for my wedding last year, and it has not yet been put into my cupboard. I keep it out on my 
Wonderful light. I ve enjoyed reading a book with this light and using it to draw pictures during the night. For books, it s more than enough light and is 
Griddler. I bought this remanufactured grill last month and it arrived in brand-new condition. I have used it a number of times and am very pleased with it so far. 
A really good carpet pad. I bought the Tiger Grip on recommendation from the specialty store where I bought the rug. The price from the Home Decorators collection was cheaper 
Fabulous Popcorn. We love the popcorn from this popper! We had eaten popcorn from it at a friend s house several times, then treated ourselves to our own popper. The 
great apron. I like this apron a lot!! Comfortable, nice cut and doesn t look like a granny piece!! Washes nicely  
Love it!. I bought this mixer for my dad. I have a Kitchenaid but the reviews liked this model better for bread making, my dad s passion, I agree. He 
GREAT PRODUCT!. THIS IS A GREAT LITTLE MACHINE. IT S VERY SIMPLE, EASY, AND QUICK TO USE. JUST POP IN YOUR GARLIC BULBS AND TURN IT ON. IT ROASTS THE 
A great deal. Roomy, sturdy, well made and attractive. I am very pleased with this item. It exactly matches my Ocean Breeze place settings  
Back to Basics Home Canning Kit. This is a great buy and the quality is great the shipping cost is a little pricey but I am very satisfied.Thank you  
Great value and a new approach to knife storage. Powerful magnet takes the wooden knife block off the counter and displays your knives like works of art. You can put 
cozy duvet covers...yummm. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and feel of the flannel used to make these duvet covers. The fabric pattern is playful and quite appealing. My 
Helps keep litter off the floor!. The reason I bought this mat was for exactly that! Helping to keep litter from the general area of the litter pan. I think 
outdoor furniture. I had read reviews about the set I ordered and was kind of hesistant because it sounded like everyone was having a hard time setting it up. But 
As wonderful as expected. This pan lives up to the high quality I ve come to expect from Lodge.  
Legendary For A Reason. I m quite sure that my dog - a large Border Collie mix - loves his Kong more than he loves me. I fill it with 
good product. I have owned this product for about a year and a half now and it still is holding up nicely. It was easy to put together and it 
Quick, tasty results!. The juiceman professional 410 is perfect for the novice juicer. Although it is a bit loud, you can very quickly make juice!I ve juiced apples, beets, grapes 
Tea Rose Platter. What a beautiful platter -- exactly what I had in mind! It arrived very quickly and was impressively packaged. I highly recommend this seller  
Get this Before Considering a Honing Steel. If your knives are dull, chances are you need to sharpen them before you need to hone them. Get a diamond-impregnated steel such 
Great Spoon Scraper. Nice and solid, great wooden spoon with added benefit of straight edge for scraping. Combine with dish towels for a nice hostess gift  
My friend is happy and they look really nice. I bought these for my friend s birthday, and they look beautiful. They seem like they are very high quality  
Nice!. Well, this was very expensive for a dish rack, but I have to admit that it is very well designed. Plenty of space for glasses, cups, plates, nice cutlery 
Pleasantly surprised. I was apprehensive about ordering the hutch, since many of the guest reviews were negative. But the hutch arrived at my house undamaged and it looks great  
Easy to Use. These grinders are easy to use, even for children or people with small hands. They can be used one-handed unlike the twist-style grinders. They produce more than 
Best Buy!!. These are wonderful glasses! They are elegant, every glass of wine becomes a wine tasting experience. Definitely worth the price and they make great gifts  
Simply the best knives ever made. The Henckels Four Star High Carbon Stainless Steel knives are absolutely the best knives I have ever used. They have perfect balance and a 
Just as I remembered!. Just like the home made ice cream we used to have at my mother s house. Your recipe in the booklet is great and even freezes 
I scream, you scream, we all scream for ice cream!. This is quite simply the best ice cream scoop ever made. My prior favorite was an ice cream scoop by 
Perfect Froth - Krups. Works fine -- was a replacement for one that went down the garbage disposal. But the shipping charges almost equaled the price of the purchase.  
Great Sheets. Wow are these some soft sheets, even straight out of the package. After I washed them they came out soft and not wrinkled. They dried well and held 
Great For People With Small Hands. Every knife I ve ever had always felt too big. When a knife is too big for your hand you re not in complete 
Great alternative to KitchenAid Cover. The cover fits my 4.5 qt KitchenAid mixer with plenty of room to spare. It is white with black piping. The cover looks nice and 
Arrived Damaged - Sanyo s fault of poor packaging. The fridge seems to cool really well, and is built solid. I put in milk and had the cooling setting near 
Good purchase. I was a little apprehensive after reading some customer experiences. Luckily, my Dyson arrived in perfect shape. It was fairly easy to assemble. The only weird thing is 
Queen Comforter by Tommy Hilfinger. This comforter was more than I expected! It is light-weight, yet very warming, and comfortable. The color is very vibrant, and actually can be reversible 
Mine was a hand me down and has never leaked. I cannot believe the reviews that say that the pitcher leaks. I mean I do, but I got my pitcher 
Awesome!. I love this skillet! It s huge and cleans up extremely easily! I fried chicken in it and it fried quickly and evenly! I LOVE IT! I bought two...one 
I love these curtains!. They are beautiful wisteria lace with delicate detail. The quality is very impressive and I love my curtains!!!!  
Beautiful... This item was a steal for the money - excellent color chestnut very vibrant, very luxurious looking , very nice quality - true to size. By the time I 
Gift. This timer was a Christmas gift for Mom. She loved it. She thought it was very cute  
Great little vacuum!. I love this little machine! I ve had older Electrolux vacuums in the past which were heavy and cumbersome, especially when using them on stairs. This little 
Perfect Little Dehumidifier!. I bought this to use in the space under my kitchen sink because I wanted to get rid of the musty smell coming from there. It s 
Great bowl. I have this bowl and the smaller one. They are perfect bowls for mixing. The rubber base really helps the bowl stay put. I was them in the 
excellent quality!. I m very pleased with these measuring cups. Long enough handles, sturdy construction and heavy weight metal. I even use them to melt butter on the stovetop. If 
Better than a butter bell. This butter keeper has more capacity than a Butter Bell, more easily containing a stick of butter. Best of all, the butter doesn t get 
Great Everyday Glassware. I Bought this set to replace a broken champagne glass.They are more solidly built than other glassware flutes -which is great since they have less chance of 
Good Cooking. Wok cooks fine. It replaced a many year old West Bend wok that the coating was wearing out, but still working fine.A great way to cook tasty, healthy 
Miele Canister Vacuum Cleaner. There are times in your life when you discover that there was something better out there than what you have been used to. The Miele is 
Good product, needs salt!. We opened it up and mixed up a batch of dough right away. The cookies were good, but not great. Careful inspection and comparison to the 
Superb. You get what you pay for now days. It is all heavy duty construction, with stainless, coated cast iron, and cast aluminum. You will buy ten cheep ice cream 
Jura Gonna Love It !!. First - there is no doubt that this is a very expensive purchase, but if you have two Starbucks drinkers in the house it s 
Good replacement carafe. This is a good replacement carafe. The original was nicer though, to bad it shattered. This one fits well but has a little drip when pouring, if 
Love this popper!. I love this popper. I adore my stir-crazy popper, but it takes longer than throwing this in the microwave. This popcorn is PERFECT in texture, and I 
super sweet deal. This blanket is awesome. It s perhaps the best deal I ve gotten on amazon, and they are selling like hotcakes! Other similar style blankets cost 2x 
Easy to replace. This Ionic Silver Stick Microbial Inhibitor was extremely simple to replace in my Air-O-Swiss humidifier. Just take out the old one, and pop the new one in. 
great, fun item & fast service. This is a wonderful toy for your pet and the service is very good to deal with. The price was very reasonable, shipping cost 
Excellent purchase. Have used the Bosch blender for over a year now. This blender is very heavy duty and performs well. It has nice suction pads that allows it to 
Warm and Toasty: what else do you want?. The only addendum I would add to the positive comments associated with this toaster oven are as follows. For both its size 
FIESTA!. Perfect size bowls for fruit and maybe a side dish for those of you who don t like their food all running together on your plate. Good for snacks 
GREAT MINI VAC. This has great power and much better than those cordless vacs which you will have to throw away after a year or so  
I LOVE THIS BOWL. I loved the review that said I can make oatmeal and it doesn t boil over in the microwave. So true! That is exactly what I 
Pizzaz is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I was concerned about dead counter space when buying this item. I was very wrong!! You cannot go wrong with this item as it does not require 
Comfortable pillow. I like this pillow with memory foam. So does my neck. The only problem is it is a little small. Sometimes I just rolled out of it.  
Buy it for counting steps, not for listening to radio. I bought this device one week ago and I like it a lot. It counts steps pretty accurately, I measured 
My cats love it. Easy to maintain. The fountain is very easy to clean and mantain. My cats love it  
Excellent crate!. Easy to assemble and this crate is a perfect replacment home for any pets on the go.The only problem is that you can t hold a fan on 
GRAN PRODUCTO. ME ENCANTAN LOS PRODUCTOS DE BODUM, COMPLETE CON ESTAS CUCHARAS MI JUEGO DE CUBIERTO  
20 Q is a blast for all ages. I purchased this product as a fun Christmas gift for my husband. Since then, everyone in the whole family has been having 
Liddle Griddle great size. We wanted a grill that was smaller sized for the two of us, but were not able to find an affordable grill in stores. Found this 
best toy I ever bought for my cats. my cats love it. they learned hot to spin the ball by themselves, and it s just the cutest things. Just remember 
An Asian work of art you can enjoy without lighting it. The exotic fragrance of this tasteful ancient-looking candle arrangement fills a room with the smell of traditional temple incense, 
just like temperpedic!!!!!!!!!. this mattress feels just like a temperpedic for 1 3 the price!!! In my opinion save your money and buy this mattress......  
Close to Perfect Bookcase. I love this bookcase. My only problem with it is that the bottom right side slat of wood arrived split a bit , but it still 
My new shelter rescue dog loves this bed so much---I bought two!. This bed is the perfect size for my 25 lb. shelter rescue. It doesn t take up a 
Wok firm. They invented the warm water. It is very good to cook with WOK. It stay firm on the kitchen, very useful  
Very cute and arrived in time for my parpty. Very cute and they arrived in time for my part  
Hard to find favorite. I have had trouble finding this in retail stores. This was a high quality item at a great price  
Favorite kitchen knife. I use this knife more than any other in my kitchen. It holds an edge and it s light and balanced. Money well spent  
This is great!!!!. My cats love this window perch so much. They sleep on it all day soaking up the sun. This is great it was easy to assemble and 
foam mattress topper. if your mattress is to hard to sleep on now and you wake up with sore shoulders and hips from being to firm a mattress,,you will like 
Great gadget...small and efficient. I really use this product often. Because of other reviewers, I was warned not to sit on the chop button or I would have puree quickly. 
Perfect for Singles, Apartment Dwellers, and Couples.... Being a single person living in apartment, I am always looking for appliances that do not have a huge counter footprint and make 
Good Toaster Oven. I just bought this item and it seems to work fine. The dial toaster function is different from a push button but is is just as handy, 
These are so beautiful!. These canisters are just as pretty as pictured. The only complaint I have about them is that one of the canisters is a little bit lighter 
This is the one I always pick up... This is a great knife for the price. Sharp, well-balanced and light. I find myself using it quite often. It is the 
sunbeam mixer. I am really enjoying my Sunbeam mixer. It mixes good altho I m not to crazy about the button to raise the mixer it is a little hard 
Better Than 5 Stars!!!!. I believe if you re serious about cooking, you should own great cookware and excellent knives. I finally stepped up and got excellent knives. For those 
Love it. I bought this for my daughters boxer who LOVES it. She chews it, plays with it, and carries it around. I have 2 pugs who are not interested. 
Family friendly. This is truly a great waffle maker to have if you have kids. They love to eat them and make their own  
We are happy with this purchase. The pitcher retains the beverage temperature well. BAsed on th eonline image, we thought the colour would be a graded blue, to only discoevr 
Danby 1805 Portable DW is worth twice the price!. I used to sell dishwashers at Sears. I ve owned several built in full sized dishwashers, even a stainless steel Bosch. 
Sucks Like There s No Tomorrow. I received this vacuum as a gift don t laugh, it s what I wanted . I live alone and keep a fairly clean 
Smart, good looking shelving solution. My home office benefits from two of these bookcases, and I use them for a range of items. They re well built, nice looking and 
Aquarium Topper Cage. Great idea, but the plastic in the ramps and platforms isn t going to last much longer with my gerbils...they have chewed completely through one ramp and 
finally a product that shines. This deep fryer lives up to the hype. You can actually clean the old oil out completly and have a fresh container to work with 
Better Than 5 Stars!!!!. I believe if you re serious about cooking, you should own great cookware and excellent knives. I finally stepped up and got excellent knives. For those 
Ouch.. I just cut myself.. .. on this super sharp knife! It s a great knife with good balance. Not sure if I d prefer one of those scalloped blades, 
Great, Great, Great. This is the best kitchen appliance we own. My wife has saved more time with this appliance. Very strong motor, nice look. Our garden is all choppped 
Very nice Spatula. I would give it 5 stars if the handle was more ergonomic. I like that it can be put in the dishwasher.  
Perfection. Holds everything. Makes perfect pot roasts. I use all clad MC2 for most cooking, but when I need to braise I use this -- I love it  
Incredible!!!. My chihuahua has had chronic ear problems since he was a little puppy. I m not a fan of the antibiotic ointments that vets prescribe because they contain medication 
Good Value. I was looking for white wine glasses within a budget. When these glasses were delivered I was impressed with their quality. The glasses are delicate, without being overly 
DebbieZ. Just got the set yesterday. LOVE IT! This was by far a super buy! I couldn t believe that I got all that I did for the price that 
Great for touch-ups!. In our new house we have office carpet in our kitchen. Until I can afford to tear it out and get REAL flooring I use this vac 
Filmore blanket. Paid half the price compared to same blanket for sale on Ebay. Really great deal  
VERY PLEASED. Upon receiving my Fabric Steam Press I was apprehensive about the quality of pressing this machine would achieve, but I was very pleased after pressing the first pair 
Looks Rich. This was sooo simple to put together. I was done in less than ten minutes. Only bad thing was that the table was chipped just a little from 
Apple Sugarbowl Matches Apple Creamer. The Franciscan Apple Dinnerware Covered Sugar Bowl is a perfect match for the Franciscan Apple Creamer. You can keep granulated sugar or sugar cubes in 
drawer spice rack. I bought this spice rack for our brand new kitchen and it works really well. All of my smaller spice jars fit perfectly and they are even 
It broke & we still love it. We have had this unit for 6 months and we really enjoyed it. It makes a great cup of coffee, it is easy 
feather teasers. I have bought two different brands of these. Same result. The kitty really likes to chase and jump for it. My kitty will fight you for it. He 
Less Cleaning. This machine is incrediable! I have used it for everything in my house - I have used the scraper attachment to remove stickers from new windows, and doors, 
GREAT CRATE WITH ONE DRAWBACK. WE LOVE THIS CRATE FOR OUR PUG, BUT SHE IS A SMART LITTLE DOG. SHE HAS LEARNED HOW TO GET THE ZIPPER ON THE END 
replacement carafe. The carafe was a perfect replacement for the one that I broke.I received the product within a few days.Thank you.  
A really neat and interesting party piece. What a wonderful adult toy. After seeing one of these fountains in operation at a Christmas party and noticing how useful, effective and 
Best Pillow for those with heavy heads. I love this pillow. Always had problems with pillows going flat too fast. This pillow has tons of support without being hard. I 
Excellent LED night light. Very nice little night light. Uses LED, so it runs cool,and uses very little power. Cool bluish light, that you can point any direction using the 
it works. It s low and wide because it is a tart pan. I popped cakes out of it no problem The lowness would suit a cake layer in a 
Noticeable difference in cat behavior. We recently moved, and our two cats were having a few anxiety issues while adjusting to the new apartment. One cat, usually friendly and playful, 
Works great. This item seems to work really well. It is also a great space saver. I would recommend it  
it s a towel!. I am pleased. It is not a cheap discount towel, nor is it a super-plush towel. It looks good and it washes well  
I just love it!!!!!. Very easy to put together, sturdy, and attractive. Looks good for the price. I also purchased the desk and side table for my home office. They 
good support. This neck pillow offers considerable support under the neck---bought it to replace an old one that had become thread-bare...husband uses it all the time.  
Works great! Best espresso maker we ve owned. We ve had several other brands of espresso makers before and this one is the best so far. The espresso is wonderful 
whale to go. I have several ride on pool animal toys and my kids and their friends all prefer the whale. It holds up well under their rough play and 
Burn your old wooden handle knives. I desperately needed a new knife because my old Chicago Cutlery wooden handle knife became a gross and nasty E. coli distributing piece of 
Hard to find item. My mom has been using this carafe to make coffee forever. But she cannot find it in the stores, so amazon is the best source. It 
Fast, durable, efficient, quiet, convenient. In other words, I can t understand why the two Spotlight reviews are negative. My kettle has been used several times a day for years 
Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer Model MWD1B. Ordered this item believing it was unit that had an auto ON switch and auto OFF after 30 minutes. Manufacturer changed to traditional ON 
Love the machine, but would like more control. I ve been using my Zojirushi for over two years now and make at least a couple loaves of whole wheat sandwich 
Sticky. This is a GREAT saucepan. I do not like that if I am cooking something that needs grease, I have to use alot in order to get my food 
Great water kettle. Had the same one before this, worked fine for 2 years, happy with the new one as well  
Best Bowl I Own!. This is one of the best purchases I have made. I am confident enough to use it with my powerful hand mixer and it does not 
excellent toast, beautiful toaster. I love this toaster! It works well, looks beautiful, and has all the features I could need and more bagel setting, defrost, reheat, cancel . It 
Looks Great. Looks menancing when you unpack it but with two people and about an hour, this was together and looks fabulous in a dining room as a buffet. It 
What a beautiful pan!. I was surprised at the low price, and the beautiful color cobalt blue . The pan is scratch resistant, and my quiches and tarts turn out 
Cool utensil crock!. I don t like those cutsie utensil crocks with little pale prints of flowers, roosters, fruits and things like that. Also don t like those made out 
Wonderful and no soggy cookies. I ve read the soggy cookies review as well, and despite the fact that there is no rubber seal, I have had no problems with 
Works great. We are very happy with our purchase, delivery time was prompt, product is in perfect condition, saved a lot of money purchasing thru Amazaon, I will definetly us 
GREAT deal!. I bought a set of the Renaissance 600 ct sheets and didn t expect too much since the price was low. I was VERY pleased! They are so 
What I needed for stuff. I have been shopping for a set of canisters for many years but they were all too small. A bag of flour would never even 
Great Toaster Oven!. We absolutely love this toaster oven. It cooks and toasts very evenly. Im glad we spent the extra money for this better model. Krups brand has served 
The Best Popcorn Ever!!!!!. The Whirley-Pop Stovetop popcorn popper is incredible. The popcorn is the best tasting ever! I use 2 tablespoons of olive oil and a half cup of 
Great extractor. This was a gift for my daughter, who also has the Big Mouth food processor. She loves it. It was an excellent value for the money and is 
Norpro Deluxe Munk Aebleskiver Pan. It s a great pan. Cleans up easily and nothing sticks to it  
 7.99 for just the family cakes. My baking really isn t good enough for a large amount of leftovers.This is tiny. Baking time is longer than for a cupcake.I 
The GREATEST Invention !!. I have an older cat 6 years who is very finicky as well as being a bit of a scaredy cat. If the litter is not 
Not bad. For the price, these are nice towels. There were no snags or even loose threads. After a couple washes, they looked fine and felt great when coming out 
I have had it 18 months and recommend it. I have had this unit for 18 months now, and have had absolutely NONE of the problems listed by the other 
You get what you pay for, and here it s worth it!. I used to wonder what the deal was on the Vornado fans. They are costly to buy, and 
Nice Glasses. I purchased this set as a replacement for my Reidel s. Over the years, five of the six Reidel s had broken at the stem. They are very 
Now, it is up to my cat!. Sturdy plastic handles my 12 lb. cat easily. Not for someone who isn t ready to do the training steps. You will have 
Sturdy Utility. The item is very well made and sturdy. I have only had it a short time, but it appears it will last a long time. I like the 
Great and it also cooks oatmeal. Perfect rice everytime but I ve never cooked more than 2 cups dry rice at a time. I m always present so I don 
Love the Dolce wine tower. Placed an order for the wine tower online on Monday - it arrived on Thursday. We put it together in just over an hour - 
Good product, but would be nice to have timer... This crockpot is very nice and can be used on stovetop, oven, or its own base. It is definitely the most 
Great for cleaning. The pads work great, large and easy to put on, wish the vacuum was bit more powerful, but overall a good quick cleanup product  
Looks and feels fantastic, but no cookbook. I just received this set yesterday and haven t had a chance to actually bake a pizza in it yet I ll try 
Love that dunking sauce. I have been looking for this particular item for a couple of years. so bought extra for my daughters-in-law for Christmas. They loved them also. Can 
Useful bread knife. I am very happy with this knife. It is flexible enough for cutting a loaf of thick-crusted bread, and the serrations are still sharp after two years 
Great supplemental light. Okay, I haven t used this while reading in bed yet...but as a supplemental light for uses in areas of minimal lighting, it s great!The light isn 
This little coffeemaker does just what it s supposed to do. Other reviewers have complained about spillage or dripping with this product. I didn t encounter these problems. This is 
Nice digital display. I bought this heater specifically because it had a timer function because I wanted to be able to turn on the heater and warm my bathroom before 
hughesk. The table is beautiful, very heavy and easy to assemble. It is a great buy for the money!  
Cat friendly. I tried a different mat in front of my kitty litter box & my cat wouldn t walk on it -- and started going elsewhere. I left this 
Quick, Hot, and Safe. I plugged this in yesterday for the first time. It seems very safe. The ON nob has a childproof turn system. At the hottest temperatures I 
Another sturdy Mission Natural piece. Just ordered a couple more of these little tables after reading the reviewer who used them as nightstands. What a great idea. I have them 
LOVE THESE!. These are GREAT! The keep my drinks cold for a VERY long time and are top-rack dishwasher safe!!  
If you want to make easy authentice Espresso. I love this espresso maker!! It is easy to use and makes wonderful authentic espresso. Add a bit of steamed milk and 
The BEST Stockpot!. I have had this for a couple of weeks, and it is already my favorite pot. I wish I could give it 10 stars  
Fantastic Espresso even for the new user. I had never made an espresso before. I loved Starbucks but I really don t need to pay their high prices any more 
Almost Perfect. I love this salad spinner. The bowl is a perfect size to hold the completed salad in. The spinner gets all of the water out easily. My only 
You can t beat these sheets!!!. I am extremely impressed with the quality of these sheets. The fitted sheet has really deep pockets and actually fits around our pillow-top mattress 
bioOrb Service Kit - 6 pack. Excellent product, fits my bioOrb aquarium. Buying the 6 pack is cheaper, including S & H, than going to the pet store. The closest 
Much More than a Casserole. I first started seeing this pan on Giada De Laurentis cooking show Everyday Italian when I began collecting Le Creuset. I didn t know it 
Timer. I Received it in perfect condition and the delivery was faster than I expected. I like the product... only inconvienient will change the battery because of the scrow  
Un-Du is a staple at our house!. We are antique collectors. Can t tell you how many times we have used Un-Du to remove price tags, lables, or sticky stuff 
Sturdy dittos. Seemingly well constructed, great handles for easy lifting, inside quantity indications are printed not etched on the pot, shape more wide than narrow, lid comparatively light but fits 
Best cordless I ve found. I have a 2,000 sq. ft. home with some hard floors, some carpet and three cats who shed a lot! For deep cleaning I use 
Pinzon Cookware. Excellant product couldn t be happier for this great purchase, have told everyone I know what a great find I found  
Hooray for the little dehumidifier!. This is a good little dehumidifier; it gets the job done without being excessively loud. I work at night and I actually keep this on 
perfect rack. This item was easy to assemble and is attractive as well as functional. Shipping was excellent  
Versatile!. This cute little casserole is great for making soups or casseroles for 2-4 people. I use it for my morning oatmeal, soup for lunch and casseroles for dinner. Retains 
My favorite knife!. I received this knife for Christmas after reading the review in Cook s Illustrated magazine and then requesting it on my gift list! My son ordered it 
Perfect Chew Toy!. We recently adopted 3 wonderful, adorable pups - 2 of whom are still in their chewing stage . Based on the recommendation of friends, we decided to 
Mikey Likes it!. I like this coffee maker. It looks good and makes great coffee!I can t think of anything negative to say about it other than it s a 
Love it!. I had just redone my kitchen in Black and Red tones so these dishes were perfect.  
Saguaro Cornbread. My kids love these little cornbread saguaros because they love cornbread, everything about Arizona, and especially these statuesque desert sentinals. I bought the non-seasoned version of this pan 
Memories of childhood. This is one of my best Christmas memories, making Krumkake with my Mom. It does take a while since each cookie is made individually. However, it is 
Almost unbelievable. This was a gift for my mother for Christmas. My parents always have the whole family over to their house for Christmas and they are coffee drinkers. This 
Pizzelles Made Easy. The Villaware V3850 is a must have for serious pizzelle makers. It was very easy to remove the mini pizzelle s from the maker and what a 
Outstanding Value. These are truly the best bath towels money can buy, large size, wonderful softness, and modest price are unbeatable.  
soup pot. i have bought several le creuset items, love them all, this one has very small bottom, which makes it good only for soup, etc, but again its called 
Best filter for the price. Amazon s price structure for this product just blew everybody away. Even Wallyworld with their global purchaseing power didn t touch Amazon, and the free 
I wouldn t normally write a review on towels, but... These are just fantastic! It s like drying off on a cloud, no kidding. I agree completely with those that 
Love it!. I love this, it works beautifully! My breakfasts including cleanup! are so much easier now  
I am So Pleased!!!. I recieved these yesterday and can t believe how heavy they are! I am so pleased that I just ordered a second set planning to clear 
second one. i find it a bit annoying that it ends up breaking after 2 years - meaning slipping off the tap and squirting water everywhere - but overall it 
Perfect Size Hand Towels. I ve have looked for a very long time for this lighter quality and good sized hand towels. So many times the bath towels are huge 
Effective. This 12 steel performs its job admirably, providing a nice long surface to stroke a blade across and developing a distinctive ring characteristic when the blade is struck across 
great saucepan.... I was looking at cookware, not because I m much of a cook, but because I was getting a new stove. I like to keep a pot of 
Top of the line Bagless for under 60 - Can t go wrong!!!. For what this is, it is a great machine. Sure you could pay over three times as 
For my mother-in-law. Gave this only 4 stars because I have not personally seen it work or used it. I purchased this for my mother-in-law who lives in another state, 
Great Starter Tank. This is a great starter tank but the price here is a little high. Try Dr. Fosters and Smith at 68.00  
nothing tops revereware. you should read the product description from the mfg. and you get the correct info as they know the product. have always owned revereware and love it. 
Anti-bark dog collar. This is a great product. We have a toy beagle who barks in the car at people, kids, bikes, dogs and pretty much anything. We use the 
Great Timer. I love this timer. Besides the fact that it matches all of my other red kitchenaid items, I love that it is heavy duty, easy to use and 
Perfect coffee, no hassle. The Bialetti coffee set does exactly what it should - Makes perfect espresso or lattes and is as hassle free as coffee making can be. Buy 
Awesume confetti color!. My daugter moved into her 5 bedroom home recently, and loves her small powder room downstairs right off the living room. She decided to go Bold with 
WOW - I wish I invented this!!!!. I just got this peeler for a gift and I just used it to peel yams; at first it just was not working 
Good, to a point. First: the mats work, baked good do not stick to it if you use the lightest spray of PAM. Foods don t stick much if you 
Can t beat it for the price!. This is simply an outstanding frypan for the price I paid at Amazon. My 5 star rating is based heavily upon the utility 
Absolutely amazing. I completely agree with the other poster. I tried it as a sample, tried to buy something at the grocery store which was much cheaper and failed miserably. 
Great!. Cheap, does what it s meant to do. Has handled the abuse of many trips to the laundry room magnificently  
Great waffles!. This wafflemaker is very easy to use, idiot-proof, and makes perfect, crisp Belgian waffles. The recipe that came with the wafflemaker is particularly good. Waffler lets you know 
Customers Beware!!!. I have spent thousands of dollar s, On Meyers cookware everthing from KitchenAid, Anolon, Prestige, Faberware, &amp; Circulan, just to name a few. Though Meyers does manufacture very 
Great humidifier. Have tried several in the past - this was the easiest to set up and worked the best  
A Definite Time Saver & Easy to Clean Too. While I received my slicer a couple of months ago, I finally pulled it out of the box the other day 
Not for everyone , but the best. I am an assistant to an executive chef and instructor at one of the top ten culinray schools in the country. Althought I 
great for teething babies!. this is a GREAT thing to have around when your baby is teething! Put ice in the bag, and although your baby s shirt or bib 
Finally. This is a great and idea and a great product. When I purchased it, I saved the box thinking that I probably wouldn t like it. Now, I wouldn 
She loves it. I bought this for my daughter and she loves it. She can keep it between her refrigerator and cupboards and bring it out when she needs it.It 
An outstanding buy. Looks great !. My review is from a male perspective, two weeks ago I did not know that a Duvet existed now I know that you better 
cool color. good product, good value on all fiesta ware, just don t order the sunflower yellow, cracks easil  
Party Pleaser!. Bought this fountain after I had borrowed one for a New Years Eve Party. This one was even better than the one I borrowed! Very sturdy, quiet, and 
Great filter for basic small tank needs. I got this filter after reading several reviews via the internet. I have to say I was impressed with how easy it was 
soft pillowcases. They have the wonderful feel of softness and silk and shiny, loved the colors and so now i have beautiful pillows. They service was fantastic also delivery was 
Great!. It has served its purpose well. We currently plug in five devices and now we always have them charged and we know where they are. Well made and matches 
Perfect Idea, may need tweaking. I saw this product on an info-mercial and immediately log onto Amazon to see if the product was available there. Amazon had the product at 
Cuisinart Chefs Classic Nonstick Hard-Anodized 12 piece cookware ser. After 40 years of marriage, I have finally found cookware that lives up to its description. I enjoy cooking with these 
4 out of 8 were chipped!!!. I loved the pattern so much I ordered two sets! Opened them up and loved the vibrant colors, BUT out of 8 coffee mugs, 
Very Pretty Canisters. These Canisters are the prettiest and most elegant i have seen in a long while,they are very easy to clean and they are airtight,they could match almost 
Stock up. If you have the Fresh Flow fountain unit, it s not a bad idea to keep a few extra of these around. I only use the fountain when 
Great starter kit. I have tried many other jerkey makers and keep going back to this one...although it doesnt have much capacity you can order two and have your kids 
Litterally the best filtration system out there. PUR is the best water filtration company i ve stumbled upon. Their PUR Ultimate filters litterally make water better, healthier and great tasting. 
Nice!. I bought these on impulse I needed 15 more to get free shipping and they are very nice, and soft, too. However, I find them a little full for 
Looks great and works great, too!. I bought this to use for movie nights that we host. Right out of the box I was able to get a batch of 
Very techy...Recommend with reservations. The GOOD:Adds a touch of class to the kitchen. Very attractive piece. Nice chrome finish. Very techy looking...the pictures don t nearly do it justice. And 
very good washer, you will not regret buying it : . I have been using this Haier Portable Compact Washer - HLP21E for more than 1 year and 3 months 
Great Value!. This griddle is a quality product made of heavy duty materials. There is plenty of room to add enough pancakes, grilled cheese sandwiches, etc. to help save food 
pretty good cord control. I bought this station just to control the hydra of cords needed to charge two cell phones and a PDA. It does the job pretty well. 
My dad loved this set. I bought this for my dad and he was very happy with it. One of the glasses broke during shipping and it took a long 
Great value!. It s a great-looking gate for the money. It also functions very well and is adjustable. Just be sure that you measure your doorway and put it together 
I was lucky to get the STAINLESS Popper on Clearance. I was lucky to get the Stainless Popper on Clearance. It is wonderful. We have used it for several months 
No problems so far. I bought this light for my wife several months ago. There have been absolutely no problems, and it even seems to be holding up better than 
eas-z doz-it. Much cleaner than using a hot air popper and quieter too! It even fits into my mini microwave lid turned upside down I love it  
A great deal with a great box for a martini party!. We had friends over and made grasshoppers. The size was perfect for experimenting with the flavors and variations. The 
best chair for your money. Great quality, nice looking chair for my computer desk. Easy to assembly. This product is the best value for the money that I can get 
Please don t cut off your cat s fingers--AKA: declawing !!. I used this product in combination with Sticky Paws found on Amazon , and both vertical AND horizontal scratching 
Good Quality Water Bath Canning Kit. Water bath is our first stage in learning to can. With that, we can preserve tomatoes and sauces, fruit, jellies, and pickles. Many of 
Excellent Snow cone Maker!. This was my son s favorite gift this year. He made snow cones for everyone who came over. He is twelve and can safely operate it 
Like crushed ice? ..This is definitely a must have!!. Love it to pieces! this is the best 34.00 you will ever spend. You will not be sorry. It is so 
I love this bowl. I ordered a 12 piece place setting and a couple of the extra pieces in the cinnabar color. I haven t received the dishes yet only 
Great Starter Dehydrator. Have tried to dehydrate several fruits - peaches, bananas, papaya, pineapple - turned out great. Jerky - better than store bought. Haven t tried leathers yet. Am 
Exceptional Piece. It really is worth 5 stars.. when I got it I was impressed that it does look even better than the picture, is very sturdy, and a functional 
Rich, Bright Glaze with Classic Lines. This is a wonderful bowl for a centerpiece and don t hesitate to also use it as a serving bowl. Fiestaware is famous for 
Never woulda thunk it... We used to spend so much money on cat toys it was absurd. This is the LAST one I will ever buy for a cat. I 
Smoking and BBQ. I have found this thermometer a great help in smoking and grilling large cuts of meat or fish.  
Beautiful Roses. Ordered this for my diningroom table. It adds the character I was looking for. Beautiful roses look great.  
very good knife holder. This is a very good quality product. It is just as described and good quality wood and manufacutring. Takes up less space than most of the 
I love this bowl. I ordered a 12 piece place setting and a couple of the extra pieces in the cinnabar color. I haven t received the dishes yet only 
Granite Ware Lobster Steamer. I have been looking for this pot for quite a bit, was I happy to find it on this web site!The price was right and the 
Sweet, but ridge hurts my hand. I ve used a wooden-handled Japanese vegetable knife for many years, which I purchased at a Zen cooking class from Ed Brown who authored 
Love em. It s amazing how such a cheap gadget can steal your heart. I used to use a rubber vacuum stopper in my wine bottles, and I still thought 
10-ounce mug. We have had a set of eight of these in Sea Mist and have used them for morning coffee for several years. They will sit on Fiestaware saucers 
Very happy customer. I also have reservations about Wamsutta products but was very happy with these sheets. I washed them and they were fine, no shrinking, no piling. It should 
A Good Sleep. I have only slept on this one night and immediately feel the difference. The mattress topper went over a Nikken pad on a firm foam mattress on 
even-heating and very durable. I ve had my Revere pots and pans for years and they ve been great.They re stainless steel with copper bottoms so they heat up more 
Tomato planter. It works as described, easy to put together. Tomatos grow quickly and with no problem  
A good and inexpensive scale. I really like this scale, it s easy to store and not too heavy. It measures perfectly and the bowl on top is a great 
Great buy. This product has a great finish and great look. The price is right too. I love it  
cup. Ordered two, one arrived with broken handle. Replacement procedure was quick and the replacement actually arrived the date I returned the broken cup. Excellent service  
The Quintessential Teapot. This is a beautiful teapot! It looks even better close up than in the on-line picture. I gave this teapot as a gift and my friend loves 
Portion Control Helper. I already owned 3 of these dishes and wanted several more to help with dieting and portion control. They re great to freeze anything, then heat in 
Advanced Remoter Trainer. I have had an older TriTronics remote collar that came with a flashlight sized remote. I have had a TriTronics Sportsman 50 that came with a remote 
Love It. I should have bought a griddle years ago. I have been frying eggs and making pancakes in a cast iron skillet! It just doesn t work very well. 
Great value for price. I ve never been disappointed by Wamsutta flannel. These are very nice and the price is great. I got them in the outlet. I got Maple, 
Wonderful Glasses. These are wonderful port glasses that I have already used several times. They are very delicate yet engineered to be really tough. I ll have them for a 
So Glad I Bought This Model!. First, I totally agree with the other reviewers raves. I was kind of spooked by so many negative reviews of similar products, so I 
I WISH I COULD BUY ONE FOR EVERYONE!!!. This is the best appliance! I bought one for my friend at work and one for my other friend after I received 
A good product!. I bought this product back in July 2005 and have been using it to make my morning protein shakes. It does a good job of it. I 
Perfect. Very unique item. I like the size and how the cup fits perfectly into the saucer. Great concept.  
Great Toaster. This is an excellent product. It s very nice and retro looking and works really well. I love the fact that it has a cancel button so anytime 
Great Water!!. This little item is easy to assembly and use. Makes great water for my fish.I m glad I bought it!! Donn  
Love it. I bought this grinder and just love it. I don t seem to have any of the problems others are having...it isn t messy and my coffee has 
Great Bowls!. These bowls are very nice. I ordered them because the bowls I had didn t even hold an 18oz can of soup. These bowls hold a decent amount, 
Great knife with slippery handle, Beware on steeling it. Cuts like a Samurai blade quality, and doesn t need to steel as frequent as the Henckels Wusthof knives. It has 
A Wok Ring Review... This is your average wok ring. It works fine and is worth the inexpensive ammount of money. It makes stir fry so much bette  
Don t listen to the negative reviews- these are handy!. I bought this set of scissors about 6 years ago and they work just as perfectly now as the day 
A Dramatic Change for the Better!. My elderly kitty had orthopedic surgery on his right knee in Feb 07 and a month later he was still in pain and walking 
Worth the price!!. I bought this item for indoor use and I m happy I did it. It is really comfortable and reliable Atleast so far . Though not like 
Large and Holds Up Well. I bought this double spoon rest in September of last year and use it every day. It still shines like new. The thing I like 
sheets from heaven!. These are great!!!! Like sleeping on a cloud! I got a wonderful deal on the deal of the day when these were featured. Can t bet the 
Delonghi Dragon Oil-Filled Radiator works like a charm. I bought this heater after returning a similar refurb from Amazon that was in bad physical condition and missing a wheel Amazon 
Perfect little coffee machine. This Bodum is smaller than it looks in the pictures, but it is really an excellent product. I use it everyday and it perfect for a 
Consistently good grind, but takes experience to dose. I ve had this grinder for over two decades and it has performed well. When I first got my machine, I wondered 
Great product for the . It s well worth the 35 bucks. It s not too thick which means you can actually sleep with it and not sweat to death. 
Rooster Pasta review. Everything arrived in great condition the set is wonderful! Even better than pictured it was a gift but I may need to order one for myself!  
Fiestaware Fan!. Last holiday season, I received this Fiestaware Scarlet dinnerware set as a gift. I absolutely love these dishes. They are strong, look wonderful, and put a smile on 
Chocolate Fountain. The fountain arrived in good shape just in time for Christmas parties. It worked fine and was enjoyed by all  
Salad Shooter. Excellent. It arrived quite quickly and is absolutely awesome. We had an older salad shooter that had worked well, but could not compare to the professional model. And 
Well Worth the Price. I thought maybe this was a bit expensive for something I might not use that often but let me tell you it is well worth it 
Keeper of the Garlic. Such a pretty vase. OH, it is used to store garlic, how practicl. I saw this at a store, and am going to get one. I 
Simply Amazing. I also got a much better deal on this product a few years ago through the Gold Box. I don t think I would have survived telling my 
love it. this is the best. It is compact, sturdy, and a must for those who have little storage areas. Ours holds a broom, hammer, mop, swiffer, and swiffer wet 
Awesome Peeler. This peeler is very heavy duty, and extremely sharp. I ve used it almost daily for 4 months now, and put it in the dishwasher every day. It 
Looks great on your counter. This is a great little oil drizzler. It s not really big enough to use for coooking or everyday since you d be refilling it 
Definitely worth the money !!. If your not a pro you will become one. It is so much fun to work with knifes of that grade they cut everything like 
Great functionality and beautiful too. LOVE this toaster. Looks fab! Works like a dream. The base of the toaster is the crumb tray so it keeps itself pretty clean and 
Great pan... Pots and pans is more of a personal choice... but I found these work great. I have used them for a few months now and they still look 
great chair, especialy for the price. I use this desk chair frequently, as a student I spend many hours sitting and studying at my desk. The chair doesn t take 
Solid and good looking. This silverware is exactly what I was looking for. I bought it in the Friday Sale and consider it a huge bargain. The flatware is solid, 
Awesome. Very well worth the cost IMHO it is worth far more than it does cost .Just wish I would have seen the knife like this with a hollowed edged 
Meowie-wowie!. Both my cats love this toy and it s unusual to find a single toy that appeals to both of them. The center of the toy has velcro so 
clean air at a good price. I reviewed several air purifiers before purchasing the Hamilton Beach 04160 with UV light unit. With all the misleading information on HEPA fitlers, ionic 
Powerful, efficient. This Sunbeam hand-held is so powerful it amazes me. I have an antique Sunbeam mixer, and this new one is about twice as efficient and so small and 
FiestaWare brings color to life. This is a great set of dinnerware!! After 25 years, my husband and I decided to bring some color into our lives by replacing our 
Love It!. I am very pleased with my purchase. I have replaced my sweeper that I had for 6yrs. I have no complaints, except it does get a little dusty 
It really does work. One of our cats, only seven years old, began to develop a substantial limp in his right front leg. The vet diagnosed arthritis and prescribed Cosequin, 
Great Light...without disturbing others. I purchased this light for my wife as she likes to read in bed some nights. I had purchased other lights, but they were cumbersome and 
If you like the taste of real cream -- A MUST!. I ve owned this item for years, and I can t say I use it every day, but when 
Timer. Works great for turning a light off and on at exact times. Would have liked a randon on off feature  
Idea. This looks like a great organizer, but with you people that have a x-box ps2 game cube and a dvd player you can buy cd cases that music cds 
Great Cookware Set. Best cookware set I have ever had. They cook evenly. You don t have to use high heat at all. I is really hard to burn food. 
Krumkake. Makes thin krumkaker the way a Norwegian likes them.! The ability to select color intensity is very nice - but you need to know what to look for! Too 
Glad We Spent the Money!. We recently purchased this cabinet stand for use with a Littermaid box. The cabinet itself looks pretty nice and was easy to assemble 15 minutes- 
very red. the color in the clothes are bright and do not fade easily; thick and heavy. great clothe  
Grill year round in near daylight with this light!. Installed this on my Weber Grill that has a non functioning Weber replacement handle with 2 built in lights. The Weber 
Maxxima Portable Sensor Light - Does what it Says!. I bought two of these lights and are delighted with them!They really do have the range they claim. One, I placed 
Delicious. A This little, cheap device makes wonderful coffee. B It s termed a 3 cup because Italians generally drink this coffee in small, 2oz cups. Serving size: two sips 
Best Vacuum Ever!!. I love my new Dyson DC17 Animal. I have used the Hoover Wind Tunnel for years, but this vacuum pulls up so much more dust & dog 
Lovely cheese set, lovely knives. I love this cheese set. It is perfect for the wine and cheese lover. But one note, every site that sells this cheese set says 
Spode Blue Italian. Spode s Blue Italian are just beautiful! I am a new collector and I am inlove with this pattern! Well worth it to have such gorgeous china! 
spice rack. compact, but hold large spice jars, easy to read and find spices.  
nice towels. The color of these towels is exactly what I was expecting, and the color has not faded after multiple washings. The absorbancy isn t the greatest, but I 
Bamboo Tikis. Really cute! We used them as Sukkah lights decorations. They re smaller than we expected, but cute decorations  
Nice and sharp!!!. I just got this set to replace an awful set of knives. They re really sharp and unlike my last set they cut straight. I didn t 
Everything I d Expect. This Microwave for me has worked perfectly for what we use this one for. Everything from popping an full bag of popborn to entirerly heating food. 
Great little machine. I wanted the smaller pizelle maker. Two cookies are a good size to have with coffee or tea. Machine is easy to use and I had no 
What a difference a glass makes.... I must admit that I don t know much about wine and I never thought the glass could make the difference. Wine is wine, 
outstanding saute pan. Is not fully seasoned out of the box but within a short time will be a non-stick HIGH heat saute pan. Lighter in construction than other lodge 
Vacuum Bottle. When prewarmed it will keep coffee warm all day.It s a little difficult to drink from the sip through  
Very pleased. My husband is a big guy so I wanted to get a bigger towel for him. I bought this towel purely because it was the biggest one I 
Very useful utensil. We have a very productive grapeful tree that bears a lot of delicious pink grapefruits. Good grapefruit spoons are not easy to find in the stores. The 
Simply Amazing. I bought this kettle because I wanted one that was all stainless steel on the inside. With some of the cheaper electric kettles, God only knows what chemicals 
So popular, I have to buy two!. I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my parents dog along with a few other toys for the other dogs in the 
Ten Stars!. If I could give ten stars, I would. I LOVE these things!!! This is the first book light that actually does the job. I use it at home, 
kay. I ve use this product for years, my Calphalon cookware is 14 years old, still good a new, thanks to the cleanser. And of course always a better deal 
Simple is beautiful. The handsomely elegant glass-on-black Oster blender crushes ice with ease and doesn t shake, as some less sturdy contenders do.Users who value simplicity - like this reviewer 
Saves time. I saw this in a magazine. I wanted a solution because my kitten used to play with water and make it messy. He used to splash water with 
Great Drinks. I purchased this Ice Crusher to make some great Icy drinks, the unit works perfectly and the crushed ice blends much better that trying to use whole ice 
Short on ironing space? This worked for me!. This product was easy to attach to the side of my washing machine and doesn t take up a lot of valuable 
Best microwave popping device and best air popper on the mkt. I love popcorn and have about 4 or 5 different poppers of various types. I ve also tried various 
All that you need for great waffles. After you find your setting using the variable heat dial, you will have the perfect waffle every time, the way you want them, 
works fine after 18 months. still works fine after 18 months.recommend it as supplementary burner  
Wonderful Scale!. After reading over the reviews on this and a couple other scales, I settled on this one and I am very happy I did! It s pocket size 
Great glasses at a great price. I ve bought these glasses five times. Not because I have huge parties with lots of people drinking wine out of fabulous glasses--I have 
useful bar item. the ice crusher is a bit noisy, and I was a little dismayed that you had to put in one cube at a time, but overall I 
Not as bad as Bund Pan Collector Says. I just got one for Christmas, and have been happy with the product. I only had to use extreme force if I 
EASY TO DO. NOT BAD FOR THE COST, EASY TO PUT TOGETHER, THE GRANDKIDS AGE 5 & 9 DID MOST OF IT, WE DID USE WOOD GLUE TO HOLD MORE 
Hoover Flair vacuum cleaner. I am thrilled with the vacuum cleaner and would purchase this product again love the color als  
One BIG Platter. This is great for entertaining. My problem is storage. It is so big that it doesn t fit in any cabinet. It is now just on top 
Finally, a cat collar that works!. I bought three of these collars for my cats because we re moving and I want them to have IDs.In the past, I ve 
Lives up to its promise. This is a quality item and a bargain. Arrived in perfect conditionand the enamel is smooth throughout. It is quite heavy at 17 lbswhich is 
For people who are serious about stir fry. My family cooks with a wok at least 3 or 4 times a week so we have tried a lot of different 
great for polo shirts !!!. all the reviews i read were spot on.......i golf a lot and as such my wardrobe contains a lot of polo golf shirts which my 
Flying Cow Frisbee. My border collie absolutely loves these frisbees! I keep at least 3 put away at all times. He loves the soft texture so that when he catches 
Best ever. These are great. I hung a heavy picture using one of these hooks and it is still hanging. It was very easy to use  
Crisp, Clean, and Beautiful. These sheets have that wonderful crisp, clean feeling. They are not overly soft like the ones that stretch all over the place and start to pill 
Perfect paper towel holder!. This paper towel holder is fabulous! It s so pertty with the floral and butterfly design. I have a few other items to match it, and 
Wow. Hands down, this is an all time fav of mine. It is great for family use  
Attracted our Cats. I was very pleased with the quality of this pet bed for its price. I looked at many similarly priced pet beds in mass discount stores and 
Finally a non-stick that isn t fragile. Finally a non-stick that isn t fragile.May but not quite there replace the cast-iron  
Lg Comfy Lounger. This color is a bit too bright, but the bag it very comfortable  
A pleasure to use... High quality and elegant. This is the finest glass I ve used to drink single malt scotch - and nearly identical to the very expensive sommeliers 
Look nice and easy to embroider. I bought these to embroider on and they work great for that. They look really nice, make a nice gift.UPDATE: Since I ve purchased 
Fiestaware Mugs. In an attempt to get RED coffee mugs, I ordered two cinnibar Fiestaware coffee mugs. While they are in the red family, the color has too much brown 
Great Knife. I ve always wanted a good chef knife and now I have a great one. It s well balanced and nice and heavy. I can cut paper thin 
Love it, love it, love it!. This works so well. I agree with the other review, the best part is that you don t have to mold any ice, just 
quality ice bucket. This Axis ice bucket will last forever. It is top quality and the right size for the real world  
wild bird dog toy. My doy loves this duck that makes quacking noises. I recommed this ite  
Love this chair!!!. Its very roomy. Bigger than I thought it was going to be not in a bad way . Cozy. And very sleek and stylish. Looks much much 
Best paring knife I ve ever owned. This knife is by far the best paring knife I ve ever used. A few passeson the steel and it s almost razor 
Very nice for the price. Put these next to the Riedel glasses and they show very nicely considering they are half the price  
Great Value. Item is just as described. We added some foam to the bottom and are using it to hold a notebook computer. A box of tissues keeps it from 
Utterly Perfect. As a longtime collector of Homer Laughlin s Fiesta, I can say this pitcher might be the apex of design. It is form AND function, beautiful and sturdy. 
humidifier filter. to be honest, i could NOT find any other store besides amazon.com that sells this product.this filter is of course mandatory if you own the hamilton beach humidifier 
Bought as gift. The person I bought it for loves it. I was concerned about some reviews I read about it spitting out kernals. but did not happen. works well, 
Folding Dryer Is Sturdy. I recently purchase the folding dryer for my husband. It seems to handle a lot of weight - my husband hung about 4 pairs of wet 
beautiful. the rooster set that i purchased was beautiful..the colors were so bright and cheerful.good product for the money.diane wn.c  
Pleased with Pet Stroller. We have a small dog who travels with us in our 5th-wheel camper. The stroller folds to a compact size and is easily packed and unpacked 
Does exactly what it says it does. How did this technology elude me for so many years? After spending decades of trying to bring the butter up to room temp 
Awesome. Makes great waffles but needs a timer on it so you know when it is done.  
good deal for mini mortar & pestle. High quality material; medium quality manufacture. The pestle is a little short and assymetrical. Also a heavier base would be better, but works 
Corelle Ultra Chemire Review. Overall, I love this product. The pieces are well designed and so heavy that they seem like china. The bowl that comes with the set is 
Cute as can be. I was going to give this as a gift, but changed my mind after receiving it. It s too cute to part with. It s a 
My cat loves these toys. When I brought this home my cat did not put it down for about an hour. In fact she had chewed on it for such 
Good deal for cleaner bags. This is the first time that I had purchased vacuum cleaner bags from an online site and so far I haven t had any complaints. 
Best I ve Used. This shaker is awesome! It is well made and fits together with precision. The double insulated bottom portion of the shaker keeps what s inside extremely 
Cat Grass Garden Refills. Interesting product; great for indoor cats in the snowy winters; will order mor  
Great stuff. Great item. We spray it every second day on the problematic zones and haven t had an accident since!!! I can only recommend it  
All-Clad Stainless Balloon Whisk - Excellent. This whisk is excellent; it is well made and easy to clean. I use mine all the time to beat eggs for making omelets 
Presto Tilt Griddle. The 07045 Family-Size Cool Touch Tilt N Drain griddle does what you hope for. It s larger, rectanglar shape handles numbers of pancakes to beat any round 
Great ice cubes! Easy to pour, easy to pop out... There are people that have given these trays bad reviews... not sure where they are getting that. I read to 
Perfect every time. Great product at a great price!. The Aroma Brand is reliable and economical. Perfect rice every time. If you don t like instant rice and don t 
did exactly what i was looking for. I did what you re doing now, and read these reviews. From my perspective, this is the single greatest travel mug on the 
Pyrex Microwave Steamer. I am very well satisfied with the steamer. It is a quality product, that I would recommend to anyone who is wanting to purchase a microwave steamer 
great tamper, doubles as a cudgel, perfect for brewtus. Living in Seattle I had an opportunity to lay hands on at least 15 tampers, and none felt as good as 
Excellent product. My wife is extremely happy with the mixer. The mixer has excellent power and features  
Great Pan!. This pan is great. Cooks food really fast and makes it crispy in less time. I also just cut up fresh potatatos, toss in a little oil, salt, 
Great Skillet!. Nothing is sticking, it heats very well and pretty good size!! Fine quality!  
Great Product - But Need The RIGHT Chocolate!!!. I used this product twice, and can tell you that it DOES work as it is supposed to BUT you need to 
Great dehydrator. I agree with all the other reviews on this product. One missing nice-to-have feature would be a timer . This is because, after several iterations, you will get 
Very Versatile & Cute too!. I ordered this based on the size. I only was cooking for two and the size of the pans are perfect serving size for baking 
Cerama Bryte. We use this to clean the glass heatig surface of our electric stove, and it works fine  
Very useful for folks with hand problems. The OXO corkscrew consists of a black plastic corkscrew that screws down into the cork, surrounded by a black plastic skirt-like surround with 
Gorgeous set!. What a gorgeous set!!! You won t regret buying this. It is better that the 2 pieces seperate that way you won t have to bring the whole 
salad knife works. I am a salad man. I like to cut ingrediants ahead of time and store. Salad Knife eliminates rust lettuce  
The BEST coffee maker. This coffee maker is the best! We ve gone through a few coffee makers and this one is by far the best one. It never leaks, 
Excellent Gate. The One-Touch Pet Gate 150 is excellent! I matches my hardwood floor and is attractive. I especially like that the door swings both ways for easy accessibility  
great smoothies are worth the noise. Yes, it is loud but this blender makes great smoothies. I m looking forward to many more perfectly blended treats  
Wonderful set of bowls!. I d been wanting a good set of copper mixing bowls, and these definitely fit the bill! Egg whites beat perfectly fluffy. And, each has a 
Arrived quickly and intact!. Had my order within a week. Not a piece was damaged. I do have to say that I m a little disappointed that the salad plate 
monica in hondo. Love it love it love it. Very high quality and well made. I ve used it twice this first week. Perfect weight and produces a wonderful pie. 
Love the Wok... What a great wok...only 1 drawback...not deep enough, but it is a breeze to clean. Thanks  
IT S A MUST HAVE AT ANY PRICE!!!. I have wanted one of these things for a long time but was always wondering, Is it really better than all of 
Feels Great to the Touch. I recently purchased this shower curtain in stone. It really does have a very nice feel to it, almost like feeling a couch with microfiber 
Perfectly named, Perfect for One. The coffee ranks with Duncan Donuts or other coffee shops. I agree with previous reviewer. You can make a very large cup 14 oz. by 
good design & works well. The ten-key number pad is a good improvement on the usual timer that requires pressing a button repeatedly until the desired number of minutes appears. 
This Works Great with my Coffee Maker. I checked the bottom of my coffee maker for its number and matched it to this carafe. The carafe is great and fits.It 
Excellent quality cooker set. We were very happy to find this brand as most of the pressure cookers in this price range just simply don t deliver what is expected. 
Good Hot Coffee Maker. The Hamilton Beach 43254 Classic Stainless 12 Cup Coffeemaker does anexcellent job of making HOT coffee and keeping it HOT for up to 2-hours.I recommend the 
Nice shower mirror. I have another Z`Fogless Ultra Mirror for more than 3 years and still works fine... Now I bought another one so me and my wife stop changing 
It s just what I needed. I needed a tv shelf to put my new vcr dvd combo that I received for Christmas. This one was just what I needed, 
When they finally come, they are nice. Too bad no photo -- cute as the dickens!Make SURE it says they are in stock when you buy them.I got two sets 
Great Flowers. Hey guys get these flowers and score some points.........!!! they looked good and smelled great. my wife was impressed .....oh by the way send them to her work...... 
Beautiful sheet set. I am pleased with this purchase. Have them on my guest bed  
chutney trivet. It makes my kitchen nice and the table too! Amazon did good on delivery :  
lou buckner. I recommend this product. It is excellent quality. Very quiet when running and has lots of power  
Easy to use and yummy waffles!. Works great, can use easily and waffles taste great! My kids could live on waffles if I would let them, and this is an 
Slicing Bread. After buying a bread machine, we now no longer buy our bread. Everyone children and adults cuts their own bread, at the table, to the slice thickness they 
A great starter piece or addition to your Le Creuset collection. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other products. Le Creuset casts these cooking 
Finally, a cat collar that works!. I bought three of these collars for my cats because we re moving and I want them to have IDs.In the past, I ve 
If you d like a big bang for your buck, this is a nuke. After 3 -1 2 years of pulling 4 to 8 shots of expresso per day, and 
Excellent oven with a minor deficit. This is an excellent toaster oven that can also double as a small convection oven. Unlike most small toaster ovens, this oven has 6 
pressureless pressure cooker purchase. purchasing the 21 1 2 quart pressure cooker from Wisconsin Foundry was a no brainer. the product was shipped very promptly within a few days of 
The nicest Lasagne Pan I could find!. I was looking for a deep large lasagne pan that was functional and attractive let me tell that was a harder task than 
All-Clad Stainless Professional Universal Steamer - A . This is a superb large steamer insert. It is great for large quantities of veggies or whatever you would like to steam. 
Does an Excellent Job!. Evens out the heat in my heatpump controlled home. Actually reduced the electric bill  
Rival BBQ. We were totally delighted with the results of this slo-cooker! The meat was well done, moist, and tender. One complaint: Unless the utmost care is used when opening 
Air Purfiers. I was able to purchase replacement filters through Amazon at the best price that I could find on the Internet. Mainly because shipping was free with this order 
Would give 5 stars except for... if you re not listening very carefully in a rather quiet room the click to announce the egss are ready to come out is 
Beautiful. I ordered the complete set. These pieces were the first to arrive and they are beautiful and sturdy which is exactly what I was looking for. The other pieces 
Good and useful device. Works very well. The only problem is that the button which switches from regular to filtered water is difficult to turn  
cool carafe. I love this carafe - it is perfect for making flavored water with sliced lemons, limes & oranges. The narrow neck means that the fruit won t fall 
My cat s favorite toy... These fur mice are my cat s favorite toy. KV Vet Supply sent them right away and they even arrived sooner than expected.  
Excellent Value for Money. A very nice product - white and soft!They are very roomy on the PINZON duvets though. I m not sure whether its the duvets being too 
The safest home pressure cooker money can buy. The idea of using a pressure cooker always scared me. What if it blows up. , I can be scarred for life. 
Awesome piece of kit!. I don t use a desktop, laptops only, and have spent years fiddling around with various ways to support them that keeps the laptop and me 
Great for the kitchen. This was everything the description said it would be - good quality non-stick pan, and huge in size. This will quickly become a key part of 
Delonghi Oil filled Electric Heater. My family has liked the heater. The sleek design and low profile make it unobtrusive in any room. The heater is small and portable and 
LOVE IT!. Beautiful fan with lovely details and the color with the chrome is even better than the pictures on the net. This fan pushes a LOT of cool air 
Great Quality for an Excellent Price. Why is good furniture always so expensive? This chair is an excellent exception to that rule. It s completely comfy, with sleek design, and 
Cuisinart 3 Speed Mixer. This product was much better than I expected. I have owned a Cuisinart hand held mixer for over 10 years and it recently gave up the 
cooking made simple. makes preparing meals neater and easier, a must have in the kitche  
Nice item if your dog runs at night. At our local dog park we call these disco lights since so many dogs have them and when they all run around 
CORN HOLDERS. BEST CORN HOLDER EVER MADE...EASY TO USE AND CLEAN AND WON T RUST...COLORFUL AND EASY TO FIND...THE INTERLOCKING SYSTEM MEANS NO MORE PRICKS WHEN LOOKING THROUGH A DRAWE 
Good value but could be better. I bought this microwave to replace my toaster oven and beat up old microwave. It does everthing i want it to do grill toast 
Great scones. I bought this pan and absolutely love it. Takes the work out of making scones  
very good little steamer. I ve had this for 7 months and it has become an indispensible part of my cleaning routine. I had a problem with the hose but 
Great all around!. I have had this pot for a few weeks now, and have used it much more than I thought I would. It has a heavy lid that 
Great inexpensive toy. The product is not without its flaws, but if your cat likes mindlessly chasing the same thing over and over this is the toy for them. Generally 
Beautiful and useful. This plate isn t quite as big as I expected, but I love it! It is gorgeous and works well as a serving plate - I have 
Excellent booklight system. This is one of the best book lights I ve owned. Easy to use and long-lasting. By only quibbles are that you really do need to buy 
 29.99 for 100 cotton. This is pretty in a rough casual sketched style. This will require ironing out of the dryer.  
4 3 4 ounces is SMALL. I absolutely adore Fiestaware and this color is wonderful...it s a brick redish tone. However, when I ordered it I didn t realize just 
Great for High Heat Roasting. I used the new pan today to high heat roast a 4 pound rib roast at 500 degrees. The oven and pan were a mess, 
These were Great. I have never received so many complements about my crystal as I did with these. My good crystal cost over 50 per glass and they hardly get 
Expanding Colander-strainer. Love it. Fits the sink well and expands easily. Nice handles for ease of handling  
i am loving it. this toaster works perfectly fine. i used to always use the big traditional oven to just heat one or 2 pieces of chicken. now with this 
Shed ender. I just received this product today, and I already love it. I ordered it for my cats. It works as great as they said it would  
Luigi Bormioli Michelangelo - Stems. All the stemware in this series are beautiful, classic, and sturdy: into the dishwasher.The other review is about Amazon and pricing. Shop around.  
One of the best kitchen applicance I own. Don t drink the koolaid of the negative reviewers of this juicer such as S. Shrivastava. Do you want a design with 
Best at the moment. This seems to be the only fully temperature controlled auto-kettle around.The temperature control is not fine enough or easy to control. But it does help make 
Pitcher and glass set. Was very pleased with the pitcher and glass set. I looked everywhere for a set like that and yours was the only site where I found 
As good as I had hoped. So far so good...I ve been using this vacuum cleaner for about a month now and I am very pleased with the results. We 
Dorm Fave s. This is ideal for dorm rooms it s small,affordable,great space insinde for food and drinks and just right to put your microwave on top.  
Great Product!. I ordered these tumblers first for my home, then I was so pleased, gave them as Christmas gifts. Everyone loved them  
I Found my Pan. I ve been looking for a good non-stick pan for years and have never been satisfied with the durability or performance of the products I ve 
caution. This is a very small 1 3 quart pot. Its holds one cup of water to the brim. It is used for sauces or melting butter, etc. Mostly it 
Not what they used to be since Rival took over. I have to agree with the reviewers who were dissatisfied with the quality. My dad bought an electric 6qt almost 
Functional product. I like the Hunter series of HEPA air filters - there is a noticible decrease in the amount of dust in my home, and it allows me to 
Another serious kitchen tool. This 10&quot; chef s knife would impress Crocodile Dundee. It features fine balance and a comfortable handle like all 4-Star knives and an incredibly sharp edge. 
Good knife, but overkill. Let me state up front that I m not much of a cook yet , but I know quite a lot about knives. The damascus aspect 
Less Babysitting than a Blender. I was at a Thanksgiving party where this device ran all day long. Just add the ingredients, latch the lid, turn it on and walk 
Knew I would love it!. I grew up with Corelle. I had Corelle as a wedding gift. Was ready for a change after 15 years and swith to ceramic dishes. 
Neutralizes Tomcat urine. Once you try it, you ll never go back. You could keep the litter box in the kitchen and nobody would know. No dust, no smell! I 
Just what I was looking for. I love steamed fish, this steamer is a wide, flat, stable place to put my plate for steaming. I tried to use my vegetable 
works great!. I ve used this almost daily since I ve gotten it! My cookie sheets are all getting old and marked up from being used for pizza, fish, drip 
excellent. Very nice product. Well constructed, attractive toaster. Does what toasters are supposed to do  
Like the handles better than the 4-Star. I bought the 4-Star set, and instantly returned it and got the Pro-S instead. I was dissapointed with the handles of the 4-Star, 
Bissell 3106A. I m really happy with this purchase As I am with just about all of my Amazon purchases . I will admit I was leary about this unit 
I love my new living room!. I just received my end tables and cocktail table and within several minutes, they were all assembled. The quality and price are amazing. I 
Unbelievable Performance !. I was skeptical at first when I saw this product in stores. I had bought a competitor s, square potholder and I found it heated up really 
Very good vacuum cleaner. With numerous dogs, two small children, and a small house with almost constant remodeling activities, our need for a good vacuum cleaner is paramount. We ve 
Works greats!. This is a great product. It s easy to use, darn near fool proof and sharpens knives quickly. Finally we have sharp knives at home, I wish I 
Programmed to Perfection. The ability to pre-program ten different multi stages and a few other improvements made this unit a quantum leap above the original...which was already good. I found 
Spiegelau Authentis Series. I ordered several sets of each of the four stems in the Authentis series: Bordeaux, Burgundy, White, and Red. I m extremely happy with the quality and 
As described....awesome. I have had 4 different bread machines, all of them had the single paddle upright loaf style. I didn t mind the bread they turned out, but I 
Ethel3. I bought these glasses for my husband and we both are very happy with them. These are a great value and really do enhance your wine experience. We were 
good popover pan. This pan produces wonderful popovers that fall right out, not even a hint of sticking. It is the slickest bakeware I ve ever owned. The only problem 
Superior cookware set. As most people do, I had accumulated several different types of cookware over the years. It was a real treat to pass these onto my kids and 
eating well now. This griddle was bought as a gift. My friend says she can now cook for several people and be able to eat w them. Her only complaint 
Folks, If You Want a Cuisinart, Buy One!. This is a cheap toaster oven that makes toast and grilled cheese sandwiches and heats up pizza. If you handle it gently 
Second pan arrives in good shape. The first pan arrived with a broken handle due to being packed poorly. After contacting Amazon a replacement pan arrived packed much better and 
wonderful. these are the coolest little bowls I ve ever seen. I bought them for my mom for Christmas last year, and they are extrememly useful. I got them in 
Not Just a Bouillabaisse Pan!!! Great Form & Function. The design of Le Creuset s bouillabaisse pan is highly desirable for long simmered broths and stocks because the design of 
It works. When I first read the praises of these expensive glasses, I thought it was just more wine snob BS, but finally decided to try them. Sure enough, they 
So happy to have a toaster that actually toasts. This toaster toasts. It has a bagel setting and a reasonably wide slot. It s simple and solidly built. After hating 
Euro-Pro Shark Professional Electronic. I think this product is great... It s great for cleaning in the cracks around the kitchen and bathroo  
Nice, easy, confortable, very sharp. I already have four peelers and the last thing I thought I needed was one more. But it got rave reviews and for 5...Because this 
Gently cooks sauces. I like this pan because of the tapered shape. It cooks sauces without boiling over because it is tall, and it sits perfectly on the small burner 
My cats love their baby buggy. This pet stroller is sturdy, very driveable, easy to assemble and a good price. Renny, my Himalayan, has adopted it as his personal little 
Excellent Quality and Price. I am very happy with it: inexpensive, easy to clean and nice-looking. Highly recommend  
Wamsutta towels. They are fine, but not as good of a quality as the centennial towel from years past a few spare threads sticking up here and there , but 
Reviews are the reason!. Well I read the reviews on the Toaster and then I decided to buy it! I am very happy with this beautiful toaster and how well 
excellent. We had limited space at my office and no electrical outlet. So I purchased this French Coffee Press - it makes excellent coffee and takes up very little space 
Cute honey server. This server is pretty enough to leave on the counter. It is a little slow at releasing the honey, but overall I m very satisified with it. 
Pamper your pet with this brush!. This massage brush certainly lives up to the hype. I installed the battery and turned it on. My dogs were curious at first and 
Great balance and heat distribution. When choosing this pan I was a bit concerned that it might tip over easily or do not heat well at the edges, but it 
Toasty Warm. I bought this for my daughters bedroom that has no heating at all. I live in NY and it has been extreemly cold this winter. It keeps her 
wonderful product. I would give this a 5 plus star review it is the most comfortable blanket I have ever owned. It is made out of 100 cotton which is 
Awesome!. Love it- have lots of these sango gold dust pieces and think they are very snazzy. Amazon is a great company to buy from-had a problem getting a few 
Good quality lamp. Good quality lamp for the price. Kind of dark in color but is very sleek and sophisticated. The 3-way lighting is also a good feature. I m 
Great knife!. I purchased two of these knives for my sons for Christmas. They both love them and tell me that they are razor sharp and very well balanced. They 
Long and Elegant. That s what these glasses are! They are absolutely beautiful. I was seaching Amazon for champagne saucers to purchase for use as parfait glasses for our Easter 
Nice, but not as pictured. I ordered 2 of these and they look nice, but they are not as pictured. While they are Chrome with Glass Shelves, the shelves are 
Great Crate!. This is just right for small animals. I have a Shih Tzu and use it when we travel. It s lightweight and portable and folds away flat when 
Pretty decent lamp. We ordered this lamp for our new home. It looks great from any distance and was a snap to put together. The shade is plastic and it 
Great Stuff. Helps with multi-cat households. I had one of my cats die and the following month I adopted a rescue. Naturally, all five of my cats had issues. The 
Wall Clock. Good price, fits any decor, keeps accurate time.Very easy to read  
Cereal dispenser. We love this item, it s easy for the kids and everyone who visits asks us where we found them. They look cute in the kitchen too!  
Great Dispenser!!!. We ve had this dispenser for about a month and like it very much. It seems to be well constructed and works great! I really like the way 
If you love coffee, Bunn is a Must. I bought my Bunn coffee maker in 1991. It s worked great and has lasted through many moves. It brews a pot 
Classy, Affordable Piece of Furniture. Purchased this desk from the retail store on clearance and have had it for several months. It was easy to put together and looks beautiful. 
Comfy neck pillow. I overheard a flight attendant raving about the Neckbones and also saw it reviewed highly in Shape magazine. I still have not tried it in the car 
Gotta love it... Before I purchased this set, I ordered only 1 knife from Henckels to make sure I liked their product. I ordered the 4 star 6 cleaver and 
Just bought two. I loved my 6 Shun Chef Knife so much that I just bought two of these little knifelets, one for my mother and one for me. The 
A Useful Night Light. I purchased a light similar to this one previously that did not use an LED, and it burned out within a month. This one has an 
Eye Pleasing Knife Drawer. When I open my knife drawer, my friends exclaim ooh, Ahh how beautiful. This product makes for a great quantity of knifes and looks terrfic. Also 
Look no more... Always hate having to look through drawers and looking for belts on clothes hangers.. This is your answer. Works great, even for scarves and many other hard 
Great for beginners. I lived in Germany for a few years while in the military and a few friends got into the home brewing craze. Back then, I thought it 
Super-spoon!. Excellent quality spoon. Much sturdier than I thought it was going to be when I saw the pictures. Am using it constantly in the kitchen along with the other 
Great on bare floors and low carpets. Light weight, quiet, and powerful suction. My only issues are the cord is short and the beater bar isn t that powerful it 
Service beyond all expectations. Product is just what I wanted and the price was the best I ve seen in years. Chipped oven was replace immediately without question. Returning the 
Dazzer saved our relationship!. I have a very actiuve Border Collie and she had a tendency to bark at anything! I tried all the training methods I could find and 
Great looking pitcher. This pitcher looks great! It is very sturdy and heavy. use both hands when holding! Easy to clean, and easy on the eyes! I would definitely recommend 
Love it!. This is great cookware. Same weight and quality of Le Cruset, half the price.If you re serious about browning and braising, this pot is for you  
 9.99 tiny heavy cool. This is very solid and weaponlike resembling a James Bond prop but I don t mind the size. Mine came with peppercorns already in the 
excellent, large shaker. I love the large size of this shaker- when I am entertaining and I have freinds over for dinner, I m able to make drinks for ALL 
good buy. This unit is pretty quiet and runs very clean. Only reason I didn t give it a 5 is because filling the tanks is a pain. Due to 
getting salty in my kitchen. Product just as promised - looks great - works wonderful -- a very happy purchase from my en  
Exceptional Product and Customer Service. Luigi Bormioli has proven to me that they possess the exceptional quality of service that I would like to be able to expect from all 
Loved it!. We were looking for a table to put in our entrance way and came across this table. We couldn t be happier! The product was affordable, easy to 
My daughter loves it!. I bought this as a gift for my teenager after she had used someone elses and she absolutely loves it! She is a summer camp counselor 
Great Coffee!. You ll love the coffee from a french press especially this one. Get s only four stars because the screen filter on the lid is for marketing only. 
Affordable and Works Well. I had been looking for a braiser for quite a while when I found this one. Cost was a major factor in not having purchased one 
Calphalon. LOVED this pan; I got several others too. Price was much below average  
It works. These pillow covers really work great. They have helped myself and my spouse. They are comfortable and feel great too. What a deal  
Garden Mug. High quality and durable mug. The art on the outside give it a rustic, yet polished look and they could possibly be used for display purposes. The capacity 
Happiness all around. My wife is very happy with this set of dishes that we recently purchased through Amazon.com. They are everything she had hoped and expected them to be. 
I love this!. I love this chopper! It is so easy to clean and the possibilities are endless. I have even used it to chop meats. The smart base is 
great for the college kid. My daughter hauls her laundry home from college each weekend for me to wash. Why am I still doing her laundry? That is a whole 
Very deep, but lightweight. This is the deepest lasagna pan I have been able to find, and that is why I bought it. I have owned it several years, but 
Small, but does what it promises. Smooth open and close; step-button feels sturdy; good odor seal. This is a can I expect to keep for a while. A bit small, 
Pizzelle Baker Is Best!. I had never heard of pizzelles before, but I needed one to give to my Dad for Christmas It was what he wanted! I did my 
Excellent, More Cost Effective Option. Excellent toaster from perhaps the best toaster manufacturer. It s operation is nearly silent, and it toasts evenly every time. The only complaint I have 
Very pleased. I could not find a banana tree locally so I started looking on line. When I found this product it looked nice and fit what I was looking 
Successful Member of Successful Product Line. The 12 quart stock pot is the big brother to the 6 quart Master Chef 2 stock pot I got a few months ago 
great filter!. I was looking for a good filter system to have clean water- without lead and other impurities- for my infant son and family to drink. This system actually 
Awesome. I love my new griddle! Heats evenly. You can even fry bacon on it because the well around the edge is deep. We only had one problem -- the 
well, it still works. ok, it doesnt have an on off switch. and its not handy for heating anything but water. but for just that, it is pretty effective and 
Exactly what I expected. I was very pleased with this product, especially considering that I haven t been able to find these pieces at any store.  
Great little helper. I found this to be a great little gadget. When I saw the commercial for it, I couldn t wait for amazon to carry it, so I 
WOW!!. I love my tri-ply! Food sticks just enough to give some browned bits for deglazing deglazes as if the stuff wasn t even stuck in the first place! . 
good with problems. The grill works as good as its predecessor, but is smaller. Helpful for limited space. The removeable grids are great, but the slant to let grease drain 
Nice Vintage Feel, Good Quality. I got this canister and it has a nice heft, the liner is pink and the lid is very well made. It is really a 
Oak Wood Media Cabinet. This is an excellent item for media storage which delivered all that it promised and then some.It is very well made; the wood of superior quality 
Sweet pot. Its big enough to act as a mini-cooler for a six pack of beer and I ve used it as such . As a pot, it works just 
Nice light overall. The shape of the whole thing is a little weird, but the blue color, the sensor, the cost savings and convenience are great  
Works fine. This area is not for ordering problems. It is for how the products work. I robot is top of the line quality. I love all their products  
oil pour. These were very nicely packaged, arrived quickly and undamaged. I feel this is a very good product and would fit most oil bottles I work with them a 
Great Vacuum. Great product. excellent suction. Easy to assemble. Easy to clean. Great rewind facility. Power brush was missing though  
Very Good!. I bought this product, and it came relitively fast. It looks good, and is functional and decorative. It comes with a hook that is easy to install. I 
This set is adorable. I love this set. It will look lovely as a decorator piece on my counter tops  
FANTASTIC. I was really pumped up after reading all the positive reviews and couldn t wait to get my french press and use it. I was not dissapointed one bit. 
SmartBrew Coffeemaker. This is the second Black and Decker SmartBrew coffeemaker we have owned. We liked the first one so much, we searched until we found another one. It suits 
Looks Great!. This is a very attractive grinder. It does require a strong thumb. Just wipe it off after use. Easy to refill  
metal 8 hook coat hat rack review. have not put it together yet. looks good so far  
Yummy toast and looks great too!. This toaster makes the best toast of any toaster I have ever owned and it looks GREAT! I tossed my blue plastic Cuisinart, which 
Fantastic Vacuum For Hardwood and Tile Floors. I looked at about a dozen vacuums and finally settled on this one because I m using it primarily on hardwood and tile 
Works!!! But if you have a smart dog beware!. I use this collar on 2 beagles. You must keep filled. One of my beagles learned quiclky that she could bark 
Fantastic and Simple. The Melitta was a product that I looked for in stores for years. Of course I found it on Amazon. So simple, so fast, so great. I 
They are a pretty addition to the table. I recently purchased these bowls and I have to say they are not only functional but are really very pretty. They go 
best in class. This is the workhorse for your kitchen! Sharp, well balanced and excellent grip! I d love to have the 12 inch version of this knife but they 
Works Well. This rug fits perfectly under the LitterMaid automatic litterboxes, either the regular or the Mega. We have one rug under each box in our house and it contains 
Great Machine. I have had my Danby for about eight months. It is small, but does an outstanding job cleaning the dishes. No problems with it, no leaks, easy to 
Excellent Juicer. This juicer takes the work out of juicing lemons and oranges. I love it. There is no more hard hand work with this product. You just pull the 
Almost Perfect... I purchased this product as a replacement for the 2-Quart Iced Tea Maker from the same manufacturer. I m a bit disappointed with this version for a few 
Best ever. These are great. I hung a heavy picture using one of these hooks and it is still hanging. It was very easy to use  
Bissell 5200 Floor Cleaner. Product arrived on day promised. The cleaner was ordered by my mother, who is no longer physically able to keep her bare floors as clean as 
Great, but... I bought this press slicer because our old one took a poop and we desparetly needed another one... Well, while it works great so far - sometimes it 
Amazing product. Every review here is accurate. This garment rack is amazing. I live in a small studio apartment in New York City, and I need to utilize my limited 
Great Collar. This collar works out great. It performs just as the Amazon description shows. It is unintrusive and snaps off when certain force is exerted. It s fun, too, 
Easy. This cooks bacon crisp without any mess or spatter. Just place a couple of paper towels over the bacon. I was using my George Foreman grill, but this is 
just right for me. My husband had a little trouble putting it together; the instructions weren t as clear as he would have liked. I use it to hang pool 
Really Neat. Flimsey black vinyl covered cardboard, but the thing really works, I haveused it to fold every shirt thrown in the drawers, lockers etc. and things are so neat. 
Great Wedding Gift!!!. My fiance and I receieved these knives as a wedding gift and we love them! We have other knives made buy the same brand and we have 
Wonderful Pizza. This pan is great. Read about it in our local newspaper. A chef used it in his home kitchen to test and he loved it. I do to, 
Tippi-tippi-tin NOT!. The design is perfect. Although you want the bowl to be stable on the counter, the rounder the inside of the bowl the better, And the nearly round 
More Than I Expected. This set of Royal Albert Old Country Roses stainless service is the most beautiful set that I have ever seen. The storage chest awed me and 
haven t used yet. It is March and I still have not used my new electric skillet. It is beautiful - but there are only two of us in the 
latex pillow. Exactly what i was looking for. After reading the reviews I knew that it was not really a firm pillow and it was just the density I wanted 
Even better than the 4 quart!. I bought the 4 quart first and loved it but it was too large for some things so ordered this one and just adore 
Super soft, easy to take care of. This duvet cover is very soft and very easy to take care of. I just wash it in the machine and toss it 
great set of sheets for the money!. I love the feel and they washed up great. I usually dry my sheets on low temp in the dryer and never had 
Excellent Product. Excellent product for an excellent price. Wish this vendor also stocked and supplied the 11-inch vacuum sealer bags  
Unsurpassed Coffee. I have been using a Chemex 10-cup coffee maker for several weeks and have never had such good coffee before in my life. I am constantly looking forward 
Kitchen knife supreme. I find this knife a excellent all pupose kitchen knife. I use it for everything  
BEST SOURCE FOR KRUPS PRODUCTS. They had the best selection of Krups producrts old & New models . The others didn t even carry it. And their delivery was reasonable 
THIN!. This spatula is super thin but not flimsy !!! Unlike many other turners this one is thin so it slides under everything easily. rather than ruining them like many 
Looks Great and Tastes Great!. I love this coffee maker from Krups. It s the best coffee maker I have ever had. It looks so elegant on my countertop and 
Review of one touch can opener. We are very pleased with this item and tried to purchase another just like it but you were out of them at the time 
Monet 8 Cup French Press. The individual parts are extremely sturdy and well made. It makes the best tasting cofffee ever and it is fairly easy to use. I love 
Works as advertised. I have a set of Henckels Professional S knives. I was always disappointed with the sharpness until I sharpened them with the Henckels Twin Sharp Duo Knife 
What a great value!!. I ve purchased, and assembled, four of these mission end tables. They re super easy to assemble, and look fantastic! If I ever need any of 
Super easy set up and take down!. I only gave this product 4 stars because my daughter hasn t slept in it yet. But I set it up and it 
Nice furniture. Not sure what these other reviews are talking about. I really like ours, and it seems very sturdy. Great price and easy to put together. I love mine 
VERY GOOD PRODUCT. THE BRITA Aquaview System IS THE VERY GOOD FILTER THE WATER TASTE IS REALLY GOOD . ONLY IS TOO EXPENSIVE . OK THANK  
James Bond would approve. I ve had fun with this martini set, experimenting with various recipes, one of which is the now-famous Vesper featured in Casino Royale:3 measures of Gordon 
Love this machine!!!. We bought this machine for our son for Xmas... he loves shaved ice... the machine works AWESOME!!! You put in 4-5 ice cubes and get a big 
Good Chicago Cutlery 8-Inch Sharpening Steel. This item works very well. I had two other sharpening steels prior to buying this one. This item sharpens my Chicago knives with little 
Love the plates, but color is questionable. I love the plates, however, they are not the sage green color as they appear in the picture. The color is more blue 
your cat will love it!. From my perspective, this tunnel is not the prettiest, but my cat judges it by an entirely different criteria. In her opinion, it s fantastic. 
Knife Expert Approved; Multi-Functional and Durable. I am a stage performer as well as a chef. I specialize in contortion and throwing knives often with my feet . I use 
Steam Fast Quicksteam works for me. I ve read great reviews about this steamer and poor reviews. The poor reviews claim that the unit did not work. The great reveiws 
Bionaire BDQ25-UC 40 Pint Dehumidifier. The Bionaire BDQ25-UC 40 Pint Dehumidifier was not as quiet as I expected, however, it was not as nosey as the old Kenmore Dehumidifier it 
Da Bird is Da Bomb. My cat goes absolutely nuts playing with this toy. He zooms up and down the flight path, jumping and leaping, and he s in a 
this product is great. this is a great humidifier. the only thing i would say is that you can t really notice the hot switch making the air truly hot. 
Pretty Pot. Its a beautiful kettle, but wish it were made in USA! Good size, not too heavy  
Versatile size shape -- perfect for double recipes, large roasts. I agree with the other reviews on the quality, beauty etc. I will concentrate my review on the size of 
Clean as a whistle. This product works very well. One brew with the cleaner and two brews with plain water to rinse, and the entire coffee maker looks like new. 
I am very impressed. We have had this about a month. This is great for cleaning up small messes. We have it in with our cat litter boxes and it 
Best Dog Toy Ever!. My Boston Terrier LOVES this toy. It is fun to use as a fetch toy and has an unpredictable bounce. My dog will stand on the 
Ah, frothy milk at last.......... Who needs the high tech stuff? This little frother couldn t be better! It works killer within seconds! It even works on my soymilk! I 
Does the job. Aside from finding out most like their waffles made a little more toasty and having to use the 4 setting, it s pretty idiot proof if you 
Columbia Bath Towels. Excellent value towels! Wash first so absorbantcy is best right away. Blue color is gorgeous  
Classy and High Quality. I ordered these after finally giving in and buying my dream espresso machine and I am just in as in love with these cups as I 
Gift of Corelle. This was a gift to a young mother, it is lightweight, durable, not easily broken. It is clean looking and has a lot of class for everyday 
Great addition. A really great addition to our Fiesta collection. This bowl is the perfect size for soup, ice cream, etc. Also great as a small mixing bowl when cooking. 
Happiness is a good pan. I have a nice set of Calphalon nonstick cookware. Unfortunately, we do a bit of high heat cooking to brown meat, and nonstick is not 
Finally. I had been mourning the passing of the Visions line of cookwear for years. Now, finally, the line has returned and on Amazon.com. I LOVE these pots!!! The ones 
Z - Best Coffee. This is my third Capresso Automatic Coffee Center that I have used both in my office and home. This is absolutely the most user friendly. I 
Totally Satisfied. Great ItemGreat StyleGreat EfficiencyPricey But Worth I  
Cuisipro Peanut Butter and Jelly Spreader. In our family we give a mystery kitchen item each year. Everyone tries to guess what the item is used for. This spreader really 
Unbelievable price!. I was just shopping for some guest room sheets and found the Martex 300-Thread-Count Sheets. When I opened the box, we were shocked by the vivid, rich colors 
Realy works as a strainer to. I use this more as a strain for fried meat than as a screen for splatters  
Stirring Things Up. These iced tea spoons are a very high quality. The stainless is beautiful, high gloss and a solid weight. The classic style blends well with other patterns 
Very good coffee. The teeny tiny review cracked me up. This is basically a one cup coffee press. Having seen one before I ordered it, I was aware of it 
Wonderful addition to my kitchen. I have used the Wusthof knives for over a year now and wanted this type to finish my set. I am not disappointed at all. 
Stylish, contemporary, practical room accesssory. Perfect for anybody who appreciates no-frills, straight lined, attractive furniture. It s modern and sturdy and a great match for my kitchen dinette set. I 
Not completely microwave-proof. We have a complete set of the Butterfly Meadow for everyday use, and we love the dishes. The only problem I ve had was that one of 
Chopping herbs has never been easier. I saw this exact Mezzaluna chopper in an article about herbs in a recent issue of Cooking Light. It seemed to be the perfect 
waffle iron griddle. love the waffle iron griddle. I received one just like it 28 yrs ago as a wedding gift. It recently broke and I had to have a 
Bark Free Works, but not 100 . We bought one of these almost three years ago and it has helped us tremendously. I confronted our neighbor about three years ago 
Love the satin padded hangers!. These satin padded hangers are great for all my special tops, so that I don t get a bump on the shoulder or sleeve like 
What I expected. I bought this for my daughter s 8th birthday and it is exactly what I expected. Yes this is a Bissell product, but let s face it, 
Mine are Wonderful. Mine do not look disposable nor do they look thin. They are very white and no stripes. They have made a big difference with our alleries from 
Great buy. I bought this for my boyfriend who is very picky when it comes to drinking his coffee. He loves this mug and uses it everyday. The stainless steel 
Very Elegant. Classic, elegant and versatile decanter. Very easy to pour from and open wines up beautifully  
WOW !!! pops Way fast. We got this yesterday and it pops the popcorn super fast on our gas stove...i was really surprised with how much faster than the microwave 
We are happy we our purchase. I purchased the IC70 Ice Crusher for my father for Christmas who eats ice all day long. He loves it and pleased with its 
Good Heater. This heater is really nice. It isn t too loud and it works nicely. The temperature setting seems to be a little off when it comes to accuracy 
Best Vacuum I ve ever owned!. I do most of the vacuuming. My wife s only request when I went looking for a new model was that it use a 
It works. When I first read the praises of these expensive glasses, I thought it was just more wine snob BS, but finally decided to try them. Sure enough, they 
So useful!. This bowl is shallow enough to serve from and deep enough to really load it up. I use mine constantly, and didn t think I would when I 
Wuestof is the best. The pieces I use the most in this set is the scissors, cook s knife, paring, bread and sharpening steel. I can do without the other 
Lasted until it yellowed. Glad to see they still make this clock. Yea, the parts are simple but I love the way it looks on on my wall. I even 
Great Addition To My Set. I purchased this pot to add another dimension to my already huge collection, the funny thing is that I didn t have a 3qt pot? 
Amazing. This game is amazingly accurate. It tells you to think of something, so far the things that I have thought of- that it has indeed got correct- are a 
Great buy for those who like a heavy pillow. I ve had the same pillows for a long time -- probably over 15 years. Who knows what they were filled 
Shepard Floor Lamp - Mica. This lamp is a beautiful, warm, addition to my bedroom. I love the sleek style and its simple elegance. The only thing I might mention 
Easy to assemble, great for media storage... This slick container will hold your DVD s and you can opt to label the outside of the box in any manner you 
A breath of fresh air. This fan is great. It s quiet even at high speed . It does a good job for a large room 12x14, 8 ceiling . 
A Heat Resistance. This OXO Good Grips Silicone oven mitt is thickly padded on the inside and covers a good amount of the wrist and forearm, allowing you to reach 
Not like Mom s but modern substitute. I noticed a lot of comments about the plastic parts. They re refering to a plastic gluide attached to the metal supports that 
Met my expectations. The fan works perfectly and moves a lot of air. The low speed pushes a bit more air with a bit more noise then I ed like 
Wonderful product. I am so pleased with this product. It does an incredible job on our Great Pyrenees coat and mats, the only problem we had was it broke on 
Efficient cooker, excellent product. This cooker is excellent for steaming vegetables; cooking rice or lentils.Cleanup is a snap and parts are widely available in most retail stores  
Classy, yet durable. These ramekins are perfect for flan, custard, pudding, and the like. They are beautiful, yet very heavy duty. After buying one set in cherry red, I bought 
Cooking. Very pleased with the price point, quick delivery. It is just a beautiful piece of kitchen equipmen  
Tablecloth. This tablecloth is exactly what I was looking for. It is a good quality material and the shipping was very fast  
pink cooking for a great cause !. this is a great spatula spoon... I would rate it equivalent to the Pampered Chef ones that I love so much...it is flexible, 
Doesn t look much, worked like a charm and then some. This brush may not look much at first, but the effectiveness cannot be overstated. I have a long hair 
Just about perfect!. I loved my 8 inch Global chef knife so much I ordered this veggie knife. Oh wow, this thing is perfectly balanced and because of it s 
Great Product. It Really Works!!. I started my 14 year old cat on this when she started having problems with her joints. It has made a huge difference in her 
So far, so good. I have not seen a crack in the handle of my new wok, but I am keeping my eyes open. In the meantime, I have used 
Excellent Room Heating Unit. This little unit heats two of our children s rooms 10x8 and 12x14 perfectly! Their rooms are normally around 63 degrees while the house is at 
Great All Purpose Knife. The Classic series knife was the third individual henckles knife that we purchased. Previously we had purchased knives from the Eversharp line and were not happy 
I love my Farberware Millenium. I bought my Farberware Millenium set nearly 2 years ago. They clean up really well and look pretty much like the day I got them. 
My favorite knife. Have owned this knife for 3 years. Use it every day. Also have an 8 Henckels. The 10 Wusthof was a gift from my husband and the 
Can t say enough about this little gadget!. This little gadget is one of my favorite purchases. It is so easy to use and clean and makes a great froth. 
Memories. I remember the same style step stool chair in my grandmother s kitchen. This one is very similar except the plastic parts, which seem to keep the steps from 
 BEST SHEETS EVER . Perfect fit and soft as can be the more you wash the softer they are  
Does exactly what I needed. This is a pretty straight forward product, it holds dishes.I have storage accessability issues with my serving items and this product helps solve that problem 
great tray. The ice cubes come out intact - not chipped or cracked. To get them out, push each cube from the bottom with your finger.For fastest and easiest results, 
Not about efficiency, it s about maintaining the ideal temperature. Got it as a gift for Xmas, and it s been by my side ever since, even bringing it on 
Pick a peck o peppers. These four stoneware peppers match the Le Creuset pepper cast iron enameled pot. The four are useful for entertaining hold dip, hot cheese, cooked items. 
Powerful citrus juicer. This juicer is great for citrus - lemons, limes, oranges. Easy to use and easy to clean. Most important....when you press down on the fruit, the motor 
I needed these. because my kids tend to run off with all the pillows! Husband says they are still too stiff and will bother his neck. They fit the pillow 
LOVE IT!. I AM VERY PLEASED WITH MY EMPIRE VEG. BOWL. I LOVE IT, THEY ALL LOOK GREAT, RETRO FEEL YET RELAX FEEL. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TYPE SET 
Oxo Good Grips GREAT. This mixing bowl is a good size for most any task. Its easy to use and clean up is easy. Great Quality  
Solid Performance; Excellent Value. This is a terrific machine. Amazon s price beat everyone, especially with their 20 promotional discount, no sales tax and no shipping charges. The oversized feed 
Exceeded Expectations. The 10-piece hard anodized cookware set exceeded my expectations and my wife loves it. It was a great buy for the money spent, so I would hightly recommend 
Sturdy yet light. I agree wholeheartedly with the prior review. The whole pan feels extremely sturdy, yet easy to handle. The exterior is mirror-finish stainless steel and the interior a 
Solid design, good instructions for easy assembly. Great value. Excellent instructions with all parts correctly labeled. Couldn t sleep, so I went down to the garage at 4:00 AM and 
Works Wonders!. I LOVED this stuff! My carpets are so clean and smell great now, which is a miracle, considering the amount of dirt my two dogs and two year 
Very Cool!. OXO is amazing, and this colander is pretty wonderful.Tosses in the dishwasher, easier to clean in general than the ld shcool meatal ones.Spagetti is tough in this; the 
style and quality. I purchased this item last christmas and have used it to airate many red wines. I have had no issues with the decanture being delicate. Infact we 
Excellent bread machine. I own the zojirushi bread machine for about a year. I bake 1-2 per week. The machine makes excellent bread & dough. I haven t bought a 
Glad Enough. We re glad enough for this new mattress; our first experience with memory foam. It s an adjustment after having a traditional mattress and box spring. Two concerns: 
fast delivery. I ordered 5 sets of the flutes and all arrived in a timely manner in perfect condition. Will not hesitate to order from Amazon in the future.Judy Sander 
Great for college students!. This is an awesome product to have in an apartment! I am a college student and do not particularly enjoy cleaning. But with this BISSELL sweeper, 
Easy espresso. Have been having a lovely time using this machine. We have espresso almost every afternoon. It is just so very quick and easy  
efficient. I have hard wood floors and 2 cats. The Hoover Flair works great at picking up small bits of debris, kitty litter and cat hair. It is a little 
This model does not have a remote. I wish I would have known this before I bought it. Years ago I bought one of these, except it was blue and 
Nice and light. Poor packaging, some damaged pieces. Dishes are nice and light.. they look good with the unusual rounded triangular shape. Fit easily into dishwasher unlike our last set. 
A little expensive for the quality. I feel its kind of expensive for plastic razor scraper. I pushed really hard and it did not break! I only gave it 4 
Mario Products Are Beautiful. My Grandson purchased the set of bowls for me ,something I keep on the counter at all times just so handy to have for all of 
This is a must-have for anyone with pets!. My cats love to sleep on the guest bed. I used this mattress tool on the comforter and pillow shams on that 
GREAT DISHES. LOVE EM, LOVE EM, LOVE EM ! AS ALWAYS CORELLE IS THE VERY BEST. LIGHT WEIGHT. EASY TO WASH. THEY LAST FOREVER.  
great dish for college students. i ve got one of these floating around my house without the lid with the other common shared dishes.. and i have to say, everyone 
Untimate ice cream maker. We had been looking at a White Mountain freezer for over two years ever since our cheap, plastic bucket type died , but the relatively high 
Great Electric Airpot with reasonable price!!!. It is a friendly user device. It works great with reasonable price  
Oh my so much fun. Our first cat attacked this before I even got it out of the bag. She loved it. Our new cats chase and attack this with 
use it every day. I bought my bread machine a few weeks ago and I use it every day. The white and rye bread recipes turn out perfectly every time. 
Product s Name that really describes what the product really does!. Your Product s Name that really describes what the product really does! It is amazing that the Hair magnet 
Did the job. This product did what I wanted it to do. It turned lights off and on in my house on a twice daily schedule. The timer dial in 
coffee filter. I highly recommend this product as I have used it through three coffemakers. It just keeps going and going and going!!  
Gorgeous, darling!. These plates are so beautiful, they liven up any dish. They re sturdy, functional ... what more can you ask for? I love them and can t wait 
It WORKS... it really WORKS!!. I was desperate for something to control the odors from a litter box used by three adult cats. I m normally a skeptic but I 
Stay At Home Floor Prodtection Pads. I love these pads. I have a dog that thinks you go in the house and one that is 15. They go on the 
The Best Cob Holders in the World. I have used many different types of corn cob holders over the years and these are the best by far. They also nest 
This is a nice grill!. I got this as a shower gift a few weeks ago. It works great! The heat is even, cleaning is easy, and no smoke. The 
Best Waffles Ever. I bought this waffle iron as a Christmas gift for my son Dan, who loves to cook, and had this item on his list. I have to 
Great for display. I wanted this teapot because it matched my purple kitchen. I don t use it for tea because of it s heaviness and the fact that it 
Awesome product. This is the best! I had used an air popper, but it was incredibly noisy and slow and worst of all, the kernels tasted stale. Now, I get 
B&D cleaning tools or how to get a guy to clean. . . While not the first to come to market with a powered scrubber[As seen on TV]this scrubber has 
corelle will always make the best dinnerware! : . I grew up with corelle, even inherited the set. I just wanted to add some flare with the cute stripes. I 
It s great. Dont get me wrong these is not a great quality flashlight, but for the price i think it is well worth it, and if you have had 
Absolute luxury. I was thrilled when I received these towels and found them to be significantly larger than the usual bath sheet size. They have a wonderful thick nap and 
Best Handheld Cheese Slicer. The Trudeau Adjustable Cheese Slicer is simply the best handheld cheese slicer I ve ever used. It s ergonomic, sturdy, smoothly operating, easy to adjust and 
Love this Item. It works great on turning eggs. I loved it so much that I got them for gifts, as well as another one for myself. I would truly 
A great little clock. After failing to find a simple, easy to use travel clock in local stores I decided to search online and got this one. Even though it 
VERY PLEASED. After having read the positive comments, I purchased the F5914 from Amazon and it was delivered this week. I tried it today and I m very pleased with 
does what it does. i bought this pillow for my wife. she sleeps with a teddy bear and is always doing work homework in bed. she was just promoted and 
Thank you, Pinzon!. While searching Amazon for a 3.5 to 4 quart saucepan recently, my eyes widened when I read the review titled Sturdy Pan in which the reviewer writes 
Beautiful little fountain. This fountain was a gift for my mom over the holidays. She absolutely loved it. Trust me, the pictures do not do this little fountain justice. It 
Look Very Sophisticated. I ve had these shower curtains for about 2 months now, I d gotten them as a Wedding Shower gift. I ve had no problem with them 
Most used piece. I own the MCP 12 piece stainless steel, but wanted a decent non-stick skillet so I picked this up. It works great and has been the most 
good. easy to use and easy to clean and storem look online for jerky recipie  
A great product. I think this is a greater product. Unlike other intercom systems I ve bought this one is wireless and the sound is clear  
Wonderful knife. I bought this knife for my husband as a Christmas present with the thought that I would be using it too. The main reason that I purchased it 
Nice. I like this air purifier a lot. The Quick Filter option is very loud but can and will clean the air in a room very quickly. The Air Quality 
Incomplete. We ordered 3 boxes of the 10 click racks. 2 boxes contained only 9 racks. We e-mailed Vacu Vin Inc. and was told to return the boxes for new 
I love this skillet!. Well, I needed to replace my old skillet that died. After hearing about the horrors of Teflon and other non-stick coatings that can come off and 
FABULOUS. I went a little nuts this Christmas; I got the spending bug. And while I might regret a purchase or two, this chair, which I got for myself with 
Best Toy Ever. My dog absoluely loves this toy. We have had one since she was a puppy, over 6 years ago, and its still going. This is the only 
Can t get a better deal ANYWHERE else. The 16-piece set is cheaper on Amazon then anywhere else I have seen, new. Much to my suprise, when I ordered the 
good product. This replaced another stainless steel compost pail that had a solid lid rather than the vented filtered lid of this product. The result is that the compost in 
Out of this world!. I found the comforter to be well made and bright and colorful. The 7yr old that I bought it for loves it. The material isn t 
paper towel holder. WITH JUST A PICTURE TO GUIDE ME IN MAKING THE PURCHASE, I DIDN T KNOW WHAT IT WOULD BE LIKE.I WAS PLEASED WITH NOT ONLY THE HOLDER, 
Le Creuset. I just bought this and it is my second piece of Le Creuset. I used it tonight to bake a pot roast with all the trimmings and what 
Love the can opener. Love the can opener. Works great! Easy to clean.  
Sweater Shelf. I love this product in terms of its space saving value. However, I was a bit disappointed that the overall construction of the product wasn t as sturdy 
Great even for little ones. I bought this for my daughter who is 2 1 2 because she loves to clean. And let me tell you. She absolutely loves it 
yesteryears designs for today. The Hamilton Beach eclectric coffeemaker features all the conveniences of amodern appliance with the retro look of the 50 s. It makes excellent coffeeand is programmable. 
Good Skillet. I usually bake cornbread in my 10 cast iron skillet but thought this would be a nice variation. I seasoned the skillet and before pouring in the batter, 
Truly an Everyday Pan. This is my first official review of anything, ever, I believe.First off: I needed to start a grown-up collection of cookware. My collection had consisted entirely 
Number 1 in my book. After retiring our 12 cup Cuisinart at least 2 pots a day for 5 years we decided to try this one. We love the increased 
Winters coming. The key to keeping your beverage hot after you first make it hot, and place it on the surface , is to have a LID on the coffee 
A well-designed tool for the serious pizza lover!. I ve gone through three cutters and borrowed another one to try out in the last few months. The Zyliss palm-held model 
Sofa Throw. This is a nice cover, but it doesn t cover my sofa completely...my sofa has large back pillow cushions and side pillows. I ended up buying another one 
kitchenaide pro line ice cream maker. i like its fast making and its fun to have soft ice cream made at hom  
Easiest opener ever. The Pop N Cork pushes out the cork with a little wiggle. I was a little reluctant to use it at first - intimidated by pushing the 
Impressed. I just screwed this onto my parent s tap and did a blind taste test, it does improve the taste of the water and is a heck of a 
2nd Humidifier. This is the second humidifier I ve owned. The first was a warm air one that died after three years of use due to scale build-up. The Vornado 
Best Mug Ever!. This is the only mug I have found that holds a Venti Ice Tea drink at Starbucks! Great for Iced drinks. I recieve compliments all the time. 
Greatest convenience there is. Litter locker system takes the mess out of maintaining the cats litter box. Having used it, I can t do without it  
Top Quality and Low Price. This piece fits right in with the rest of my All Clad cookware in looks and quality. Note that All Clad stock pots are lesser 
Ove Glove is great. Just like on TV, you can grab the hottest pan, potatoes off the grill, even stick your hands in the flame. But if the glove gets 
This Stuff Works!. After about age 5, my dog was getting a little stiff and limping when she d get up. Even though she s a house dog, I found 
Light yet quite warm. Just got this for Christmas - good deal for 10 bucks! This is a light throw - but provides an ample amount of warmth. The length 
Lots of power. I am an avid cook and adore my KitchenAid stand mixer and thought I d never need a hand mixer again. Not so, I find myself pulling 
My Pod. The My Pod and its filters work great in my Senseo. Now i don t have to buy the expensive pods all the time. The only problem is 
Mundial Solid Wood knife storage tray. All in all - this is a wonderful product which keeps the knifes nicely separated with handles at the ready and fits in a 
Large Fiesta Salt & Pepper. Exactly what I wanted. Item as pictured and arrived in a timely manner  
Great Product. My girlfriend loves this stuff. Cooking became much easier. We ve had this set for about a year now, so far no problems what so ever  
handle while you are awake!. The glass beaker does its job well, and stands up to the dishwasher great. What it doesn t tolerate is any kind of accidental crash 
The best - and long lasting toy. My sister has had one of these for her cats for, oh, beyond 5 years now. It s true that the cats like 
Makes Great Coffee!. Yes, this little unit is noisy and you have to know how to carefully dump the ground coffee into your brewing system top does open . The 
Great machine. I bought this for my wife who drinks about six cups every morning finally got her to switch to mostly decaf . I first bought a less expensive 
Blended by the light. This powerful and sylish blender replaced an old 12 speed Oster which had me grumbling with every use. Two of the primary selection factors were the 
Great Comfort! Love the Price!!. I was looking at buying a new mattress because of springs, dips and uneven spots...but immediate new found comfort! I let it set out to 
works great. I bought this in June 2006. It works really well. It is well made and very simple to use. I really like that the edge of the top 
Classy, sturdy, perfect for intended use. As a previous reviewer has noted, these shot glasses will handily fulfill the purpose for which they were designed: measuring shots of alcohol. I 
Excellent buy!. I bought this mostly for the smallest mortar, to grind up the dog s pills. Works better than an electric grinder, and it s faster. Excellent value  
For those that like their bathrooms dry and clean. This soap dish is beautiful, practical and sturdy. Best of all, it will retain all water and liquid soap leftovers in 
Bought for motorhome. This machine works great for us. We bought it for the motorhome because it s easy to use, and gives lots of options for drinks. Latte s 
Great Scale. Great for keeping weight of food easily. I especially enjoy that you can zero the scale as you place your portions of each food on the plate. Easy 
As close to foolproof as you can get!. I ve had one of these for five years. I ve neglected to change water for way too long occasionally, had the 
Absolutely the Best!!. This is my third Calphalon purchase, and is a fantastic value for its low price. I ve steamed seafood, braised pot roast, and simmered chicken soup in 
Extremely Pleased. This was a gift to my wife for Valentine s Day. A good friend of hers had one and after she tried it, that s all she wrote! 
Windowbox-Gardenia. Sent to my daughter in CA for her birthday. She loves the gardenia. The service was excellent. Thanks to Frances, Emily and My-An  
Great fun!. I bought this a few weeks ago for my daughter s birthday party--the kids had a blast dipping strawberries, graham crackers and marshmallows into the chocolate. I think 
Hot cakes, a heart shaped waffle. We like the new iron very much. We are not fond of Belgian waffles and that kind of iron seems to dominate the market. 
Great Machine. I purchased this machine about 5 months ago and love it. It does whatever I put before it with no issues. I have made lined velvet drapes as 
Great for our Bed & Breakfast Guests. We purchased the Ceral Dispenser especially for our guests to serve themselves one of two types of ceral we offer in the mornings.It 
Use distilled water in espresso maker. Actually, I don t own this particular machine, but am considering purchasing it. I have two Krups machines - a combination machine, the Cafe 
Excellent!. Both my fiance and I are very pleased with this warming mattress pad. The dual settings work perfectly, and the variety of heating intensities are excellent. There is also 
Very good, for a blade grinder. This is probably one of the best blade grinders out there. The top locks nicely and serves well as a measuring cup, eliminating the 
Partners against slime...... I love these towels with Microban. My husband and I bought a set. We were especially curious about the statement that Microban fights against mildew, etc. And, 
Great filter!. Great filter. Amazon just needs to stop increasing the price a filter should not cost as much as the main unit itself  
light and easy. I use the paring non-serrated for EVERYTHING. I arrange flowers and this makes cleaner cuts than shears. It is so light and sharp. I also use it 
Butter comes in different sizes!. I bought the fiestaware cobalt butter dish while living in Arizona. The butter sold there is packaged in shorter, wider, and higher sized sticks. So, 
Aller Ease Cotton Pillow Cover.... These pillow cover were everything I hoped. As I am somewhat givento excess, I do use TWO per pillow. They launder well, and keepsoil and 
Exactly what I wanted. I use this press for heat transfers and embellishments such as rhinstones and studs iron on . It is the best sewing related purchase I ve 
Obnoxious customer service. Utter disappointment. Love the pillow so much when my husband bought it for me, so I decided to get a new one for my husband as a 
Excellent frency fry cutter. This french fry cutter does an excellent job, quick and easy slicing, with good leverage. Easy clean-up too, toss it in the dishwasher  
Suggestions about the Garlic Twist. I ve owned the Garlic Twist for years, so I ve figured out how to get the best use out of it. I peel the 
Awesome salad spinner. I love this salad spinner. It works easily for two people, spins great, and best of all, it keeps salad incredibly fresh for many days. I highly 
VIttles Vault. Great Product- Does just what is advertised and looks good in the pantry. This keeps the dog food fresh for weeks also - I m going to order 
Not quite what I hoped for but satisfactory and sturdy. The leather is not real but synthetic and the brass rivets are plastic like and attached to each other and 
Great Set. I purchased these elsewhere for a lot more money. They work great. They are more lightweight than I would have anticipated, but don t let that fool you 
Good quality product. These hangers are good quality and reasonably priced. These are designed to hold thin strapped dress items which is a needed feature for girl s clothing.  
Black & Decker Scrubber Review. The Black & Decker S600 Cordless Powered Scrubber worked great on my bathtub with much less effort then normal scrubbing. It performed well and was 
Exceptional sheet cake pan with lifetime guarantee. After nearly 25 years of cake decorating, I finally found great baking pans worth the money. Wiltons old Performance bakeware line was just 
Easy to install. It was easy to install this cartridge for the water filter on the line that goes to the ice maker in the refrigerator. The hardest part was 
Thank Goodness for replacement pots carafe . We were glad to get our Krups back up and running, as this pots drips less when pouring into the cups. We all 
A haiku review Waring PBB25 Professional Bar Blender, Black and Stainless Steel . Pulverizes ice,but loud as a lawnmower--Waring s best by far  
Very Good-But nothing new in design or concept. My grandparents, the good swedish coffee drinkers they were taught me to make coffee in this way when I was 7 yrs 
Good bang for buck. REMINDER: Sharpening steels are of extremely fine grit - use to KEEP the blades sharp... the finishing touch, if you will. To repair a blade with 
Move this one up on your priority list. I put off puchasing this knife for a long time, I knew I wanted it and it would make sandwich cutting a 
So many uses!!. This heart ramekin is precious and serves it s purpose quite nicely!! Cooks a single serving of dinner or dessert and can also hold countless items in 
World s most comfortable handle. I just love my analon titanium. Cooks evenly, goes in the oven, excellent nonstick, and has the world s most comfortable handles. If you re 
High Quality. This sheet set is one of the best,the bottom sheet has elastic all the way around for a great fit plus they are soft. Wash without fading. Great 
Just what I expected hoped for. This whisk is very nice, and feels very comfortable and sturdy in hand. One thing I hadn t foreseen, however, is actually pretty obvious. 
LOVE IT!. I love this item. After getting 2 more cats, adding to my one, I found that cleaning the litter box became a horrible chore! I had to clean 
Best Value from this site. I found the six piece set to be the best value. The only other retailer to match this price was cooking.com. I went with Amazon 
Elegant Flatware. These days most people choose an elegant open-stock stainless steel flatware pattern for both their formal and casual placesettings. This Mikasa Italian Countryside pattern is an enduring classic 
Solid and dependable... I ve owned this for about a year after having literally tossed out the Black & Decker Gizmo Grater I had purchased and owned for barely 2 
A Great Mixer!. I really wish people would read the instruction manual before complaining about things.Yes, the mixer starts off slowly. This is called the soft start feature. it is 
Absolutely worth buying!. I have been drinking my Cuban coffee since I was four years old; so I have some experience with espresso and the usual Moka pot. The Brikka 
Item is bigger than advertised. Item is great but is 1 1 2 quarts istead of one quart. Wouldn t be a big deal but I also bought the seven 
Beautiful drapes. Very nice, bright curtain that matches all of the Thomas things out there  
Very pleased with the quality. I bought these since I m past due needing new towels. I wasn t expecting them to be as soft as they are. Plus when 
Dreaming of Trains. This is a nice pillow case. Nice and big so that it covers a standard sized pillow with Percy on one side and Thomas on the other 
good overall. lightweight, easy to useonly critisim is that the filter is hard to get all the dust out o  
Size matters. I sought out and purchased this large quantity box of these filters because I got sick of getting overcharged for the little 4-pack, that is, when our local 
Great Soft Sheet Set!!!. The sheets are very soft and nice fabric!! Great price!! I like the color alot  
Delicious, Easy Cappuccino!. I did quite a bit of research before buying this machine. The Aroma delivers in the areas that were of most importance to me. It is easy 
GREAT COLOR. This food coloring was the best I have ever used. It is very concentrated. I obtained several different shades of purple by adding just a tiny bit each 
Extremely pleased with the fiestaware black lunch plate. Great item. Rec d it in wonderful shape. Packaged well to withstand droppage and anything else that might have happened to it. 
Good Value, If you don t soak them in water. I have had these for over 6 months and are very satisfied. The seal is made of tough plastic and 
Didn t stop marking. My Tomcat marks his litter box 1 or 2 times every day and he does not cover the marking Thank God that is the only thing 
This is a great product!. This product is great. I have tried several of these air or jar pot water heaters and all of them have been very convenient. I 
I love this pan!. For 7.99 this is such a great pan! It came well seasoned and was ready to use. To my surprise it did NOT stick! I used 
Excellent!. This pillow is fantastic. My neck is supported properly and I can sleep all night long. It works great for sleeping on my side, as well as sleeping on 
Order 1 Size Up. Looks great on the bed but as other reviewers indicated, it could be a tad bigger. Quality is better than average and the pattern is beautiful. 
Wow...What a knife. Wow...What a knife. This is as fine a feeling knife as I ve ever held. The edge is awesome. The balance is perfect and it cuts great. 
Web Solicitors. Just to let you guys know, Cutco hires what they call &quot;web solicitors&quot; to hype up their products on sites like this. Also, Cutco is sold through demonstrations 
Fantastic product, I too had problems with sticking. I loved this item until it became fused to the base. I called CS and they sent me a prepaid UPS label 
Great vacuum!. We bought this vacuum to replace an old bag version of the Hoover Windtunnel. The Hoover attachments hadn t had any suction for quite a while and after 
Great deal, no surpises here!. Unlike the previous reviewer I realize that most stoves are not white. There are many options these days; ecru, black, grey, stainless steel just to 
Simply Elegant. Part of you wants to say ... Hey what did you bring home from the Chem. Lab; and the rest of you screams ... pure elegance and simplicity. 
Works perfectly for me. I saw some not-so-great reviews for this product and I thought I would add my two cents. This little thing works great for me. It comes 
Keeps the shoes off the floor!. I bought 2 of these shoe bags to get all of my shoes up off my closet floor. Most of my shoes fit into 
Great quality at a great price!. I am SO glad I bought these! These sheets are nice and soft and thick, hold up well to washings with NO color bleed 
Great to use, hard to clean. A sturdier, better designed rack would be hard to find. It sits comfortably in the roaster, offers large handles for ease in lifting even 
Comfortable feather bed. The feather is thick and has a good weight with plenty of feathers and really warm  
Exemplary Product. I ordered this with 4-5 other things, and Sharper Image was the first company to get something out to me... so far, I am impressed with their attentiveness.As 
I love my enamel dutch oven. I absolutely love the Lodge Enamel Dutch Oven. It looks beautiful, I leave it out on my counter every day. It cooks everything evenly 
dog fleece bones pillows - green and burgandy. These pillows are exactly what I wanted. They are well made and good looking. I could not have done any better for 
Thrilled with purchase!. I bought this for my sister as a Christmas gift. I was so glad I was able to find it, since Fiestaware Black is retired. This item 
The most used of the set. This size is the most frequently used for one shot meals such as fast stews, porridges, oatmeal and noodle soups.  
The softest towel. These towels are truly the softest and best feeling towels you ll ever feel after your shower, etc. I go into the bathroom just to feel it 
Keeps my joe flowin . Hey, this filter fits my Krups coffee maker and all is well. Sure beats having to find those paper filters in the morning. My original 
Great Quality, Great Price. I was having trouble in finding a twin size duvet cover for my son. Found this on Amazon and I was a bit skeptical because of 
Great Gadget. I ve had this filter for about 2 years and has used the heck out of it. I have never had a single problem with it no leaks, 
Make your own bread? You ll love this. Bought an inexpensive bread-maker. Learned to make inexpensive bread. Ha.Real reason: we wanted to avoid high-fructose corn syrup, trans fats and hydrogenated 
Great buy!. Boils water faster than the microwave oven. Very handy when you want a quick cup of tea. Great price, too  
Great customer service. This mug came with a broken handle packaging left something to be desired . They replaced it without hassle and without expecting me to send the broken 
So far, so good!. It s still brand new, so everything s working great. I really love the color; I bought it to match my yellow standmixer.  
Great deal!. I used to buy this product at PetCountry or other pet stores. I found it at Amazon at a way better price and have been buying it here 
Flawless first use. Opened it up and used this for the first time today and I have to say it was a flawless first cup of coffee. I rated it 
excellent frother. This is a great frother. It works very well. My lattes and cappas have beenperfect every time!  
Extraordinary. These sheets are great and I would definitely recommend these to anyone. The bonus pillowcases are an extra plus for those of us who love sleeping with lots of 
Mfr website is cheapest place for additive. Just purchased my Airwasher Humidifier and so far am pleased with the ease of maintenance. I felt compelled to write a review and 
Works very well- Great sound, and worth the price for uneasy sleepers... Bought this unit for my Dad as a gift, and he loves it. He used to complain often 
pretty swell if you re looking for a butter dish!. I think all fiestaware products are keen and my transaction with beanibec was smooth, fast and professional!I ll probably buy 
Grilling necessity. My husband loves this brush and baster and will no longer use a regular basting brush when he barbeques. It makes me laugh though when he says: Where 
Best Pop corn maker on the market. This item was given as a gift to my daughter and her family and they have the highest praise for this appliance..  
Good for the price- good time saver. I m happy to say that this was a great purchase. I got the re-manufactured Scooba model # 59999. It did a great 
Top-three at this price point. I just received this yesterday. The vacuum is great. It distributes an interesting new vacuum smell when you use it, and it makes our carpet 
Another great color from Fiesta. Fiesta Ware is fun. I really like getting a new color every year to add to my growing collection. The 4 piece place setting covers 
this baby is sooo solid. How much can you say about an ice cream scoop right? Well not that much other than to say this thing works GREAT! I mean 
I must be doing something wrong. . otherwise it s great!. I like the idea of this bundt pan. I made 3 batches of chocolate truffles on it. The recipe 
LOVE THAT ROOSTER. I WANTED TO CHECK MY EMAIL BEFORE GOING ON LINE TO ORDER ANOTHER ROOSTER PASTA BOWL SET AND THIS REQUEST FOR A REVIEW WAS IN MY IN-BOX. 
Excellent Belgian waffle maker!. This Belgian waffle maker is just like what the pros use without the expensive price. I was going to buy the KitchenAid Belgian waffle maker but 
really good product. I have the wok for a few months and it works really well. It s very light and non-stick coating is good  
WOW!!!. This is great! Easy set up, dishwasher safe top shelf only , and super quiet there is a very faint humm our cats went right over to check it 
dutch oven. This is a great pan , it is non -stick so cleanup is easy. It is also the right size for most cooking and the glass cover provide 
A very useful tool. This is a very useful shot glass as you can see. Use it for measuring cocktails or for drinking a shot of your favorite liquor. It 
Good price for great sheets. These sheets are smooth and comfortable; however, the fabric is thick and substantial, so if you like your sheets cuddly-soft, maybe you won t care 
Those kids will love it. Kids will just love this. I have seen kids play with this for hours and hours. I have a few of these in the closet 
Oxo Utensil Holder. Great item. We have a kitchen done with modern stainless steel appliances and black granite, and we wanted some accessories to match. This utensil holder fit perfectly. 
A better martini shaker. This shaker won Cook s Illustrated test of martini shakers late in 2005, just before the Christmas season. Branded as a Target shaker, it was out 
Sakura Stratosphere Dinnerware Set for 8. The dinnerware set arrived quickly and extremely well-packed. No breakage.It is beautiful and quite different from the usual white-china patternsin that it has a 
I am also surprised about the reviews. I agree that this pan would do much better on a gas stove. I wish I had a gas stove. But, I still 
Great for long or short term use. I bought this item with the intention of upgrading to more sophisticated and sturdy tv stand-entertainment center later on. But when I put 
Pie Plate. It was a great deal on the net plus free shipping.My daughter loves this dish and was so upset when it broke.It was accidently placed on a hot 
Best dishes for everyday. Pfaltzgraff has got to be the best everyday dishes that you can buy. They are nice enough for special occasions, they are great quality. I have 
gourmet cook. This is my first time to own a Calphalon tri ply copper cookware. I have collection of All Clad stainles steel and Calphalon tri ply stainless steel. I 
It s not a bread knife. Just to clarify on those who commented that the &quot;bread knife&quot; in the set is too short. Technically, it s a serrated utility knife, 
love my krups espresso machine. We love our Krups espresso machine and when our original carafe broke, we were so upset! I was thrilled to be able to find a 
Everything you ve read, it s true. Shun knife s are unbelievably sharp and well made. I started my knife collection with Global, not bad but nothing like Shun. When 
beautiful. I really liked this set. I love the way Corelle is sturdy, thin stacks beautifully and has so many patterns to pick from. I picked this one because it 
sharp as a razor s edge. I m a fan of the Spanish-made Henckel s Int l Classic lines. I have the bread knife and the utility knife as well. 
very well made. The bar stools are great and very well made! Just one caution...you get two with your order. I accidently ordered 2 and ended up with four stools! 
my favorite bowl set. I get a lot of compliments on this cherry salad bowl set. The bowls have an attractive, smooth texture and are the perfect size for not 
FIESTA!. This is a great idea! Everyone should have AT LEAST ONE of these ~ personally I d get one for every member of the household. The well is perfect 
Great knife for the job. This knife was part of a gift, and I am pleased to say that it exceeded all expectations. There may be other brands with equal 
I Like My Paw Mat. I have had many different paw mats in the past and found this one to work the best. For one it is not ment for 
Need more product info. Hi Moderator, I was trying to send email to customer service directly but gave up. Will you please suggest to Amazon to add a contact customer 
Great pan!. I have used this pan over and over again, and am glad to say it cooks perfectly every time! The bread comes out evenly with a great shape!Would 
I gave these as a gift. Before I wrapped them I checked them over. They appear to be well made, though I did expect them to be a heavier fabric. 
Excellent Cookware. I recently purchased the Circulon Elite 12 round griddle. The retail price is 60.00 and yes, that is a lot of money for a griddle. If you take 
STUNNING!. A stunning `pride of place plate to present all sorts of goodies on, hot or cold.Endless uses, but looks particularly superb with a selection of breads, along with the 
It s not the same pan as William Sonoma s. Kaiser makes wonderful, quality bakeware BUT the 9 17 04 reviewer noted this pan was 50 at Williams-Sonoma. Not so. 
King Duvet Cover & King Shams. It s really beautiful. Duvet cover looks exactly like the picture. Polished cotton. Backing is a navy stripe. Very pleased. Shams are the same 
this was wonderful for our road trip. We didn t have to suffer with bad hotel coffee. The closing lid is secure and keep the coffee nice and hot  
Nice pan... This pan is a bit heavier and truly nonstick. Good when you want to make a larger loaf  
perfect searing pan. I wanted a pan I could heat to the smoking point and then keep it there for searing tenderloin. This pan works great. The low sides actually 
Heated Pet Bed. My Chihuahua is in heaven since I purchased this heated pet bed. It s just the right size and keeps her toasty warm  
Evaluation of order. The merchandise was received in excellent condition, well packed for shipment, and sent quickly after my order was placed.  
Excellent!!!. Works great, easy to clean and has a pretty even temp across the entire surface.  
This is just what I ve been looking for!. I can t tell you how long I ve been looking for something like this, to hold and carve cooked meat 
THE BEST OPENER of ALL!. I ve used a fancy lever corskrew at home for years because I thought they provided the best leverage and ease-of-use, but the screw on 
VERY GOOD. VERY GOOD FOR BAKING AND ROASTING..IM VERY HAPPY WITH MY ROASTER AND PRICE IS UNBELEVEBLE..THANX AMAZO  
Beautiful - but round bottoms?. I love these bowls! I got them out of their box to display them on shelves, and discovered their bottoms are rounded. I can t 
Love it. The Salter 1400 scale is great. I use it for carbohydrate counting and find it very convenient to use. I especially like being able to use the built-in 
AMAZING. We bought this for a recent week long family trip. The hotel had 2 queen size beds and with 3 kids that wasn t enough! To pay the extra 
great quality. I have a wedding shop and the gowns are extremely heavy. This rack is affordable, sturdy and a good value for the money!thanks, Debbie ...  
The only way to bake. I had been used to cooking with clay pots many years ago. But, after several moves, my pots had become pot shards. I have many 
Great mixer. Make sure the bowl is securely attached so that the beater clearance is correct. Otherwise, it can scrape the bowl and make it very unpleasant  
No Bulge!. I have ordered several sets of Spiegelau glasses from Amazon, and have always been pleased. I ordered these with some trepidation, based on reviews noting a &quot;bulge.&quot; I 
Very comfortable, but took a few days getting used to. Overall my girlfriend and I are both happy with this topper. We ll be combining furniture and households in the 
Bose 151 SE Outdoor Speakers. These speakers are being used on a large screened porch. I purchased them primarily based on the Bose reputation and their size. They fit very 
stylish but noisy. I love the way the Kone looks. And that is why I bought it. I like that it can sit out and not look like a dust 
CLASSY & DURABLE. VERY NICE PITCHER. I HAVE THE ONE WITH THE BLACK HANDLE, WHICH IS NICE SO FINGERPRINTS DON T SHOW. VERY DURABLE  
My friends want one!. I received this slicer tray as a wedding shower gift a couple of years ago and everytime I entertain, my friends comment on how much they 
Very convenient!. This dispenser sits next to my kitchen sink and is terrific! Now when my hands are full of grease, batter, etc., all I have to do is place 
AAAAHHHHHHHH..........ZZZZZZZZ. First, I ordered the dual control but was sent this. That is the first mistake in dozens of Amazon ordres over the years, and they immediately credited me with 
Good for the price. Since this didn t cost a whole lot I didn t expect a whole lot out of it. It works fine, but after owning it a 
SDG. I bought one for myself several years ago and have loved it. My parents also liked it so I bought one for them this year for Christmas. It broke 
The Chef s Best Kept Secret. Kitchenaid introduced their cutlery line at the same time I was divorcing. I left behind a legendary set of knives, costing nearly a 1000 
Funny gift to give : . It s soft and medium-sized. Didn t pay too much for them so didn t feel too bad when friends would come over and 
Great pan but doesn t last long. I bought this pan but it seems like it is an older model. I haven t even had it for a year yet 
works great, my beardies love it. I have to admit, I was not impressed when I first received the item, it was made of lightweight foam, I guess I was 
Good Tool. I haven t tried the Shampoo, but I have used the FURminator comb on my long-haired Dachshund. The tool gets out an amazing amount of undercoat, great to 
Best toy ever!. Our miniature poodle LOVES this toy. It took him a little while to figure out how to get the balls out without shaking the box to death, 
Sharp sharp sharp. After 10 years in the kitch, I have good skills with knife.But, first day with this knife, I cut my finger. Shun cuts yam like tofu, it 
Huge!. Great knives. Bought three sets two as gifts, one for myself . The 10 Chef s knife is HUGE, but great for larger jobs. All three knives have the 
Nice teakettle. I just purchased this teakettle today and my review is based on one day of use.DesignFirst off, it looks very nice and feels well built. As advertised, the 
I love them... only one little problem. I loved my Italian Countryside set when it arrived. I unpacked them and washed them and got ready to put them away... and 
Beautiful and useful. This plate isn t quite as big as I expected, but I love it! It is gorgeous and works well as a serving plate - I have 
Would buy again!. This came in today. Amazon, you sure give FAST shipping! I immediately opened this and was very surprised. I thought at the low price I paid that 
Great on Carpeted Stairs. I bought this tool to clean carpeted stairs. It works great for this task.Based on older reviews, I m wondering if this tool has been re-engineered. 
Sturdy and Reliable. This is a great utility microwave. I ve only had mine for a couple of months, but it does all the basics that I bought it for: 
It works. It s red, it s narrow and fits under our countertop, it toasts and broils and bakes, it was inexpensive, it works! We ve had it for about 
Back to the old frother. Krups has been installing a hard plastic cover on the frother wand of their recent models. This technology is neither as effective nor as resilient 
Linen Ease Tablecloth. The tablecloth didn t shrink, is a generous size and doesn t need ironing; it s attractive in material and color  
Great vegetable knife. This is a wonderfully balanced all purpose vegetable knife. It is idea for herbs and very thin slicing. Perfect for Asian preparation. Well worth the price  
Totally satisfied. Bought this item to bring total order up. to use coupon I m very impressed with this little whisk. Thought I d never use it, but have actually 
Love it!. I, too, have an electric stove - I m glad others mentioned that! Cooks nicely, cleans up easily. Absolutely love it - great price, too  
Salter kitchen scale. I enjoy having this scale. I like to buy some foods in large quantity.It is best to freeze them in equal-sized packages. It is also good todivide 
Great for a first time user. This was my first time using an oyster knife. Following the instructions on the back of the packaging, I was able to pop open 
Small size with plenty of power. Its a small compact microwave with an attractive black finish that hides finger prints better than the white magic chef that I had before... 
Fantastic sheets. These sheets are very nice. I have gotten alot of them and given them as gifts.  
AEROLATTE TO GO. THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST DRINK MIXING PRODUCTS---TO GO-ON THE MARKET. I TAKE IT EVERYWHERE......  
Very nice and for a great price. I bought this for myself after not being happy with the options and prices in stores. It s a very nice piece and 
Love Them. These clips are great for displaying my kids artwork and posting their chore charts. Only problem -- my 3&4 yr olds love them too. They keep disappearing off 
Perfect Little Dish!. This little Au Gratin dish was a wonderful addition to my set of Sango Splash dinnerware. It handles heat up to a 500 degree oven , microwave, 
Good desk fan. I am enjoying the desk fan. It is a little larger and better quality than the other I have had in the past. It actually puts out 
More than one use!. I ordered one of these pillows for myself and another for my husband. We use them daily for watching TV, reading or as armrests on the 
Great pan, big and heavy. Cast iron pans are the way to go. No dangerous non-stick materials that emit toxic smoke if you overheat them. This one is probably the 
Very BIG, but very useful. My only beef with these mugs is that they re so big. I own the smaller Fiestaware mugs too, and I complained about those being 
Great product. 2 inch foam is much better than the 4 inch. It doesn t get too hot and you can move around much more easily. Also, unlike other memory 
Great For Small Hands. I love this knife! I have small hands, and it is the perfect size for me. I use it everyday. The peeler I have only used 
This is the product you need!. Previously I used a natural spray I found at Pet co. While it worked great on one of my cats it didn t deter 
Great Item!. I was not able to find one of these popcorn poppers in my area. I had one and let a friend have it. I missed it deeply. The 
So hot it s cool. It s surprising to find true innovation in such an affordable product. I was concerned that having extra features on a coffee maker would be 
Awsome. I love the extra long batters of this hand mixer that bring a lot of air in the egg whites and make the result fluffier. My problem is now 
A wonderful gift!. I got this for my friend s birthday as she wanted a huge bowl to make french onion soup. I was thrilled when I opened the box. 
Works well on light fabrics. This steamer works great on light fabrics such as silk. However when I tried steaming my cotton dress shirts, it took forever just to get 
Excellent Fish Turner. This fish turner is the first All-Clad item that I purchased, and I have not been disappointed. It is perfect for turning even the most delicate poached 
New to home espresso. The Gaggia 35005 is a well constructed and easy to operate espresso machine. It is my first espresso machine and I am very pleased with it. 
Ladybug S & P Shakers. The Ladybug Salt and Pepper Shakers were great. They were painted with good detail. Thanks  
Ordered wrong item, but works great!. I thought I had ordered the right replacement carafe for my Krups coffee maker, however, I inadvertently ordered the wrong one. The good thing 
Great For Our Needs. We got this to go over our Futon, it works great. We use our futon in the rec room to watch our big Tv. It diffently 
Italian Countryside. All dishes arrived in perfect shape and quickly.Best price that I have found.  
Excellent buy. I love these air purifiers and they are every bit as good as the Sharper Image one I have - but a lot less expensive.  
A cheaper solution for FD 35s, too. I got these clean screens for my smaller FD 35 NESCO model since the other size are twice as much money. Great news: 
Tennessee Hibachi. Have owned this product five weeks and used it several times to cook hamburgers, London broil, steaks. It produces excellent results and is relatively easy to use. The 
I can read while I wait. I actually purchased this book light so that I can read while I wait for my child to sleep. he likes me to be 
A wine lovers must!. I first found this foil cutter on a trip in Italy and found it so practicle that I researched the internet in order to purchase additional 
Love my Pesto flexible turner. This is my favorite turner for eggs, pancakes, anything I cook in a pan that I don t want falling through holes in a typical 
OLD COUNTRY ROSE PETAL BOWL. THIS IS ONE BEAUTIFUL BOWL.. IT ARRIVED FAST AND MINTY MINT. A GREAT ADDITION MY OLD COUNTRY ROSE COLLECTION.  
Excellent. A very multiuse tool. It cuts different kinds of cheese ina very smooth way. If you have a party, it s wonderful to prepare hors d oeuvres. It cleans 
chefs choice 632. excellent slicer. works well for slicing meats thin if you like. The food tastes wonderful thin and win! The only thing that is a slight problem for 
Tri-Ply. This skillet is wonderful. Very well balanced, even heating and extremely easy to clean. I love it and will buy the 10 at a later date  
best one I have had. This is the second electric mill I have purchaced. This one gives a fine grind and works great. Would recomen  
Gets the most hair off my Ragdoll cat. I have a long haired Ragdoll cat. He is a constant shedder. My husband saw this and bought it for me. My 
Best Value for the money, as well as a timeless style. We ve had this set for twenty years this fall. The set looks as good as the day we 
Straw Dispenser. I love this dispenser. It is very attractive -- exactly what I wanted!  
Quality Product. I have owned several other brands of fryers and let me tell you, this one exceeds any expectations I had. It is durable and well designed and the 
more than meets the eye. This pillow looks simple enough, but there must have been a lot of research put into inventing it! The DogBone medium size, about 16 w--i 
I like this thing. I wanted to eliminate salt from my diet and there is no such thing as no-salt, low or no-fat pre-bagged and boxed microwave popcorn. This contraption 
Great to bring indoor sound outdoors. we bought the speaker so we could bring our music from our indoor stereo to our deck. it works great. very easy to use 
It s a keeper. We have had this toaster for about a month now and it looks like it s a keeper. The unit is solid, sturdy, and definitely a 
My favorite appliance... Using a Chemex requires water to be heated in a tea kettle prior to brewing, and it requires a finer ground than what auto-drip machines ask for. 
My 2-year old loves this. We also got the ladybug and lion for my 2-year old and 16 month old. My 2-year old thinks it s really cool to feed 
Tranquil Moments Sound Therapy System. I suffer from tinnitus, this was purchased as a masker. It works well and uses batteries in a pinch. Perhaps more elaborate than I need 
Great for dry cat food. I was a bit hesitant to give this a try, simply because I didn t see how spending 35 would be worth it when I 
Awesome and gets used!. Beautiful - heavy duty - EASY to use.The hardest part about this item was getting it out of all the boxes. I must compliment Smart Bargains 
Love it.....Keeps most of the grease away from the stove top. I just got this splatter shield last week and have used it everyday so far. It works great to 
Desert Rat. After reading the many reviews on the DGB-600BC I was worried about my purchase. I have now used the coffeemaker and put it through many cycles cleanings. I 
Great Fit!. Great Fit! We have a king sized super puffy pillow top bed. These sheets fit the mattress perfectly. And I am very pleased with the quality. She sheets 
Need a DCPI number for this... I absolutely love this piece of furniture... the only downside is that if all the peices aren t present you have to wait for 
Great Great Great. I bought two of these beds for when my grands visist. It is wonderful. Since then I have had several adults utilize the bed and all have 
Is this a controlled substance? My cats don t care. It s not like they re addicted. There s no withdrawal if I finish a tub. But this is the 
Gravy Boat is Gravy!. Excellent quality and stamped with the origin of manufacture and the makers trademark on the underside. Works well with the other pieces I had previously purchased, 
Good product flimsy design. I was planning on giving this product a bad review. However, when I read the instructions and other reviews I learned a few things. First, I 
Pizza Stone and Peel Set. Arrived very fast and am looking forward to using it for a long time  
simple design good function. i am very satisfied at this items and buy 4 same items  
Fingerprints. While there are many positives to this line of glasses there is one thing that bothers me. When you drink from them you leave fingerprints. Normally on stemmed glasses 
Great size!. I needed a cutting board that caught the juices. I had one for large turkey dinners, but needed a newer one for small roasts. This is perfect! Doesn 
A real find!. This liter box lived up to my expectations. No mess and no fuss, just roll it and empty out the dirty stuff. Very easy to maintain. I 
The Best. I have two australian cattle dogs and I have no cattle so this is there job. This is the best frisbee you can get. The only way I 
egg cooker. this is perfect for a quick, gourmet breakfast. easy to clean and very tasty--bachelors delight! takes up minimal space  
Frequent Washer. The product is everything as described plus. It stores alot of laundry, and wheels easy  
Delivers!. Large display, Easy to read, simple to use and understand, this product has been good for me in use in a building where I needed to track humidity and 
Visco Matress Topper. Super comfortable, really made a difference in the quality of comfort without having to spend big dollars for a new mattress. Would definitely recommend. The only drawback 
Good Product. I,m really happy with this large heavy duty saucier which can holds lot of food. I like it specially because it doesn t do much mess around your 
Better than Grandma s!. My family grew up with having pizzelles made by my Grandmother for every holiday. When she passed on, I wanted to continue the tradition. This pizzelle 
The best kitchen household timer you can buy right now. There s a lot to like about this timer that you won t find in many others. First, there are 
Practical and pretty. I have this in scarlet. I accidently broke the spoon in the first month I got it and had no problem getting it replaced. The salt pepper 
Wonderful. I received my utility knife several weeks ago ande was so pleased with it that I ordered one more for myself and some for my family members. I first 
Knives. The set is a right amount of knives and the blades are very sharp  
V035-42000-U00 Batter Dispenser. I am please with this product I tried another which look morefancy but actually it was hard to clean. This one holds a lotof batter, it dispenses 
standing tall. The paper towel holder is great, although doesn t quite stand up straight. A slight lean to one side is not detrimental, but I tend to try to 
Just like all Oxo product - very user friendly. After having purchased several other Oxo products, naturally when I saw this I had to have it. Performs well and stylish. 
GREAT A . great stuff, really got my cream whipped. Dosed up on 2 blotterz and hit these babies up. For a real kick use 3 at once, nice results 
Constantly in use in our house. My thoughtful guy stopped off at a Le Creuset outlet and called me from the store: Hey, I m at the Le Creuset outlet 
Great product, great value!. These are the best dog leashes we ve owned. Everything about them is high quality and best of all; they are made in the USA! I 
I concur with the first review: Absolutely ESSENTIAL for readers!. This book stand is an absolute necessity if you re a college student, and even if you re reading for 
Very nice and good for winter. I bought these sheets 6-8 months back. I have been using these sheets regularly. Even after many wash I don t see the sign 
satisfied with this item. I am very satisfied with this item. I was hesistant to buy it at first since it s a little pricy compared to other mops. Easy 
Great Value!. I love this brand and style. Great for the home cook or chef! My husband is a chef and loves them  
Great Quality, Great Size!. My wife and I have long been fans of Fiestaware and we have been using many of their pieces for years. Somehow it wasn t until 
Beautiful and a great value. I searched and searched for dishes I would both like and could afford. The Sango Gold Dust are both. I love the way these dishes 
Cookie Cutter s . I ordered various cookie cutter sizes and shapes. I was pleased with them all. They were shipped quickly and packaged carefully  
Very Soft....Great Deal. Wonderful quality...Wash very nice. This towel set is a great value  
Overall great, but static a big issue. the capresso is a great machine. the set up and use of the machine is simple and quite convenient. however we purchased it 
The Real Deal. Although it looks a little rough around the edges and primative, this nicely weighted, cast iron wok is the real deal and a pleasure to work with.It 
The best lasagne pan. Big enough, Deep enough, for Heavy Duty Eaters..Buy one you will love it.  
Un - bee - lievably fun. Some 3 1 2 years later after the first bees have seen their demise I am happily buying a second one. Buddy 10 lbs 
Wonderful!!. Love this vacuum -- best one I ve ever had!! A little heavy & bulky, but performance wise, it s the best!! I have kinda high shag carpet & 
Great Cookware. Best cookware that I have seen and used so far. I have been using Revere for around five years now and haven t a problem with them. They 
Heavy duty opener. I love this bottle opener and would buy another if needed, without question. It is very heavy compared to other openers, which makes it all the more 
Cute, cute, cute!. We purchased 2 of these for our living room, which is small. They are wonderful! Big enough for essentials tissue boxes, remote controls, newspapers and stand out 
Excellent everyday wine glasses. I attended an expensive Bordeaux tasting, and the host a well known, high-end wine retailer served the wines in this glass. This told me a couple 
Cat Charmed. Bucky owned one before. It was his favorite toy. He carried it around and wouldn t let any other cat or human play with it. After a couple 
Good, Solid Product!. This is my first food processor and overall, I m very satisfied with it. The mini bowl is very useful for making small quantities of pesto, sauce 
Memory Pillow. I think the pillow is great. Its definitely more comfortable than a regular pillow and my neck crinks in the morning have become lesser  
Might be worth it to you. This filter is wicked expensive, but you get a lot of pros for that con. It is supposed to take out a lot of 
excellent buy for the price. very good product, easy to clean, discolor a bit after a couple of usages but has no effect on the performance of the mat, still 
nice little pan. I inherited some really nice, well worn in industrial cook ware which I ve used for years. I needed a 10 inch skillet so this was my 
Beautiful cake topper. I bought this cake topper for my wedding and it looked perfect on my cake. The arch over the couple is a nice touch and makes for 
Incredible product!. I have owned countless nonstick pans, only to find that they peel after time scary with all the teflon toxicity reports and don t conduct the heat well. 
Absolutely FANTASTIC!. I would rate this a 10 if I could!I have waited a month before writing this review, to make sure I liked it and I absolutely love it! 
A Lap Saver!. My husband found this product while tinkering around on the internet one day, and since I ve never been crazy about the idea of so much heat 
I LOVE this food processer. This is the third processor I have owned and the one I like the best. It is easy to clean, easy to operate and does 
Great Coffeemaker!. We are very happy with the Cuisinart DCC-2200 Brew Central Coffeemaker. We have gone through a few machines; and so far this one stands out at the top. 
DIGTIL THERMOMETOR. IT IS BETTER THEN I HOPED IT WORD BE, E Z TO READ AND PROGRA  
Beautiful Drinkware Set. Dear Amazonians,When I was shopping for amenities for my new home, I came across this set at Bloomindale s. I was drawn to the sleek beauty of 
Your dog will stop pulling on the leash Immediately!. This product is a God send for those people who have a dog that pulls on the leash and thereby making 
Love this pizza cutter!!!. I am so glad we decided to purchase this pizza cutter! Cutting pizza is a breeze with the strong and sharp blade, and it can be 
Great Waffle Maker. I purchased this waffle maker in early December as a gift for my husband, who was on a quest for the perfect waffle. Right out of the 
A happy fish!. I purchased a Marina Betta Kit from my local PetSmart. I wanted to get the optional light that you see on the side of the box, but 
Great wine rack!. Definitely recommend this product to others. Stylish and holds wine and my wine glasses! Everyone who s come over has said they loved it.  
Easy to use. When my son first gave me one of these I thought I would never use it. I discovered that using one of these is how most of 
Heaven!. I bought 3 of these for Christmas gifts for daughter-in-laws. They were thrilled and I should have bought one for myself  
Great Skillet. Heats up VERY FAST, Cooks Pretty Evenly OK, it DOES have the Ring Element on the bottom, so there IS a difference in the area DIRECTLY over the 
Third Time s the Charm!. When we received an electric kettle as a wedding present 37 years ago, I couldn t see the point, but quickly learned the error of 
Great Meat Thermometer. I bought a Taylor meat thermometer years ago when I first got married. Back then, the little stick part that goes into the meat was made of 
Parrothead Pottery. This was an EXCELLENT addition to my friend s parrothead kitchen. The colors are bright and add a touch of PARTY to the room  
Just an ok down comforter. I got this down comforter a few days ago. It is much thinner than what I expected. The tag says minimum 75 down, which is 
Better than I expected. I needed new silverware and couldn t match my Oneida pattern exactly, but then found this pattern. I am very happy with my purchase. It turned 
Better than any other stair cleaning tool I ve used. I personally find that this attachment works better than any other that I ve ever used. I ve noticed better 
vacuum bags. The Electrolux bags are easy to install and remove. The retraction peice that covers the opening upon removal of the bag works consistently. I cannot smell and do 
Outstanding. I have owned this grill for 2 years and love it. I use apple wood from a local orchard to smoke a variety of meat including beef, pork, feline, 
Great Teapot. I love this tea pot. I bought this to replace an old one and I am very satisfied with this one.  
New Fry-guy - pretty pleased.... I ve always wanted a deep fryer, and finally decided to take the plunge. After doing quite a bit of research, I decided on this 
Form and Functionality. I bought these for my espresso machine because I was fed up with all my porcelain demitasse cups breaking. These are holding up well and I am 
sleepin in the mist. I love this humidifyer. I got it because I have asthma. It seems to help my husband who has Sleep Apnia also  
Consistent with previous Bialetti Moka purchases. Great coffee maker. You have to be very attentive during the brewing process so you remove the maker from the stove as soon as 
truly the best. I bought this can opener based on Quentin Deverill s review. I was not disappointed. It works like a charm and has a nice heft. You don 
Great for soups. This is such an improvement over the standard stainless pots most people have. I love making soups and this is just perfect for that. It is quite 
Westclox Jpurney. We were very pleased with the service from Amazon and with the quality of the clock  
Canister set. Exactly what I had been looking for. They are air tight and look good on the counter plus the sizes are perfectly proportioned  
Good Stuff. Works like a charm, now me and my baby can make enough cocktails to keep up with my boozehound friends  
Gorgeous and easy to use!. For those of us who enjoy inexpensive wines, this is a great decanter to allow them to air. The squat body keeps it from tilting 
excellent and warm. it was great for the price and keeps you nice and snugly. you will have to use it for a bout a week to break it in 
The Little Bugger Works!!! Though not well at first....... I normally don t write reviews... but after owning several toasters in the past, and being very disappointed, I just had 
Great for a Fiesta fanatic s kids. I threw out all of my old tupperware cups that my kids were using and switched to a supply of Fiestaware ceramic cups. 
excellent corn popper. I love popcorn. So I decided to use popcorn that was not pre-prepared, or microwave ready. I now use regular popcorn and pop it in the presto 
Excellent. All-Clad is a huge thumbs up for me. Made osso buco in this pan and it was a dream. The only thing about this pan is how incredibly HEAVY 
Kind of big!. I love this plate, and it s good for serving something like roast chicken, but it s too big for everyday use, so it sits in my 
Excellent set. These knives are quite good indeed. As many other folks, we have used old stamped knives for all our lives and when Macy s had great sale we 
Finding a classy all-around floor lamp. I was extremely suprised and delighted with the purchase of this beautiful yet functional floor lamp. Would recommend to anyone looking for a classy 
Great deal! First shipment bent, but sent new one out quickly. Very satisfied!. Got a great deal on the blinds and was able to find ones for my weird-measurement windows. 
great helping hand. Since I have athritis in my hands, I have found it difficult to open jars and cans, but there is really no effort or pain involved when 
I loved it. I just love this floor cleaner. I use to use the old mop and bucket. But this thing does it all, it take up less time, you 
Love This Soup Mug. A whole can of prepared soup fits in this mug. You can warm it up in the microwave, carry it back to your desk at the 
Inexpensive copper and good quality. This pan is a good buy and a wonderful size for 2-3 member families. Although not as heavy as some of the french copper pans, 
ANOTHER GREAT DEAL @ AMAZON.COM. On December 14, 2005, I bought the Mikasa Red Parchment Fine China 40 piece Service for 8, for less than 180 from Amazon.com. Very nice 
The Little Machine That Could. After using this heater for a few weeks, I ve found it to be a good value and a good product. It distributes heat evenly 
Easy To Use. The pair of grinders not only LOOK GOOD but are very easy to use. ONE handed is nice.  
Be careful..... Be careful closing the grind basket. Have had several overflows of coffee on our counter. Basket must be CLICKED into place. A couple of times it seemed closed 
Decent Sharpener. It took a bit to learn to sharpen the knives with this. I STRONGLY recommend not practicing with your quality knives. The 1st stage can eat away a 
great grinder. This is a great grinder and the resulting grounds smell so delicious. The ability to select coarse, regular, and fine grind is absolutely the best feature. The only 
Just Perfect!. These canisters are just perfect. Colorful and with an unique unconventional shape. They are easy to grab with your hands even when the canisters are full. Tight fitting 
Great Value and Beautiful. This duvet cover and sham set is a great value. I couldn t buy any material and make it cheaper. I love the microsuede, and it 
Very nice, large platter!. This platter is a must have! I use it everytime we have guests! I especially like that the rim of the platter is raised a little, 
Very good item. It holds quite a few pots and pans and it was relatively easy to install. It s a great help in our small kitchen, and I would 
Toastylicious. As much as a toaster can, this one makes me happy : It toasts evenly, and seems to be very well made in a tres cute-sturdy-classy way. The crumb 
Best Coffee Grinder I ve had of three others!. The Hamilton Beach 80374 Deluxe Custom Coffee Grinder is convenient, fast and easy adjustable to grind coffee for all coffee makers 
Best at what it should be used for... I have read the reviews below with amusement. I am 56 years old. My mother in her day was a professional baker 
Mission Computer Desk. This desk is shipped disassembled but the pieces are clearly marked and the directions are easy to follow. The wood is top grade, the drawer and keyboard 
Excellent, inexpensive - great for beginning oenophiles!. If you re like me, you d rather put your hard-earned money towards nice wines than on overpriced glassware. However, wine just doesn 
Espresso Bar at Home. These are wonderful cups, just the right size and hold in the warmth very well. All this and a uplifting set of graphic designs. Everyone who 
Very easy to understand, step by step instructions. Just a note, you get this book free when you sign up to take the Wilton Cake Class Course 1 at least 
Superb at a small price. I bought it recently and found it to be of high quality at an affordable price. Highly recommended. Comparable stuffs at local stores are much 
Bath towel. The towel is very soft, and size is pretty big. I like it  
What a bargain!. My boss wanted extra seating in my office for visitors. We ordered online but were a little worried. This loveseat was delivered very quickly, assembled in minutes 
Great skillet. Immediately became my favorite skillet. Cooks evenly, cleans up easily. Only wish it also came in the 12 size  
Awesome Coffeemaker. I had tried several expensive coffee machine hoping to find one that would make just a really great cup of coffee, fresh tasting, and HOT. I was curious 
Dog Treats. All the dogs on my Christmas list loved this. They ate it right awa  
good buy. We thought this was very handy storage. It holds all our video equiptment just right  
Still good after all these years. We had an earlier incarnation of this toaster oven for 10 years and it finally broke. I was pleased that I could still get 
23 years and still cooking... This cookware was a wedding gift. I use it on an almost daily basis. Of course, I have more expensive pots and pans but I 
Toastylicious. As much as a toaster can, this one makes me happy : It toasts evenly, and seems to be very well made in a tres cute-sturdy-classy way. The crumb 
Awesome sheets!. These are thick at first, but get softer and more wonderful each time you wash them  
Hanging pot rack with hooks. very happy with workmanship, quality and value. Would purchase again. Shipping was quick and packaged well  
Fitch Loves them. These are great. The cat loves them and plays for hours. It is really a great price for so many. Compared to going to Petco or some 
A Perfect Carpet & Floor Sweeper. Bissell s 2650 is labeled, Perfect Sweep : a totally accurate description.After reading its reviews & being thoroughly disenchanted with the higher-priced Hoky 2600, 
LOVE IT! LOVE IT! LOVE IT!. Very sturdy construction. Much better than I expected. I made whole wheat bread the other day and it didn t even hesitate to blast 
WOW. I just got the Dyson about a 2 weeks ago. We have a dog mini aust. shepherd that itches a lot and found out that she has allergies. We 
Very nice table. I got this table from Target and it is really decent quality especially for the price. It was extremely easy to put together, arrived quickly and was 
Fantastic Frother. Works really great - Really moves all liquid in container - can spill if your cup is too full or small. Be carefly - pretty powerful for it 
A perfect cupcake display for any occasion. I have used my dessert stand twice now. I have to admit, I was trying to hold out and ask for it for 
excellent value!. these are as decsribed and a wonderful value - cheapest price I ve seen and free shipping! Arrived quickly too  
wonderful service. the duvet cover was just what i expected and it was a great bu  
Great for the money!. I found this couch very attractive and extrememly comfortable for the money, exactly what I wanted. Also very easy to put together but then again I 
My son loves it!. As others have noted, it s not exactly a high quality set, but my 6 year old couldn t care less about thread count and he 
Great Appliance!. We got this a christmas gift and have been very pleased. Great, space-saving design. Easy to clean, Easy to operate. My favorite feature is the kitchen timer feature, 
canning jars. I literally received the order 1 day after placing it. Thank you  
How can they be so cheap!. I ordered these pillows for my king size shams. They are extra fluffy, very soft, but still hold their shape when there is weight 
Great Knife. I love this knife!!! I have small hands and the size doesn t bother me at all. Global knives are the best. The handles are the most comfortable 
watch out - the sizes are confusing!. I really like my Bodum coffee presses - I have two sizes, and was delighted to see I could replace the beaker separately. 
The Perfect Completion. The hostess set is the perfect completion to this beautiful flatware set  
Just Buy This. Hi,I beat up reviews of gravel vacs for almost a week. Look, this thing cost three times the normal 2 c-batt vacs. Just buy it. The thing 
Very Happy. I have purchased 3 fans....They are very well constructed & easy to put together.....The fans remote control has many positive features....you recieve plenty of cool air  
Up to its usual excellence. Superior feel. Cooking results were as advertised. I am very satisfied and will continue to seek out all-clad products  
Love my Thermos!. I love this thermos. It keeps my tea hot all day long. It is easy to use one handed while driving . I can open sip and 
Cheeper at target 39.99. I found this same item at a Target store in stock for only 39.99. They also have it for sale on-line for the same price.It s 
Sharp and Pretty. This knife is just right for me, and I love the design on it. I cook ALL the time and do a lot of chopping. With a 
I love the way the bowls fit together. Not only are these dishes gorgeous and durable, but the bowls stack together so nicely and don t take up tons of 
Lightweight alternative to crystal. These glasses have a lightwieght heft I actually prefer to crystal, yet they re sturdy enough for the dishwasher and everyday handling. This is a great 
cat toy. Cant go wrong, for the money its hours of fun AND good for the cat. Joh  
Lush color. I ordered the olive color. These are typical satin sheets, very slick and fun to the touch, but so slippery that you lose your pillows at night. I 
Pressure cooker. It would get 5 stars if it had a more basic cookbook. The cookbook supplied is good bit it doesn t address all food groups and how to 
Excellent Buy. My husband wanted something to take his coffee to work. After doing some research and seeing the ratings this item received on Amazon I gave it to him 
Worth the extra money for automatic shut off. I read a lot of reviews for the YM80 before buying and people complained about the lack of an automatic shut off. 
Fiestaware. The fiestaware was in excellent condition and the delivery was prompt. Excellent seller  
Also works well for other wood-aged spirits. I use this glass for single-malt whisky as well as various brandies. Works well for well-aged spirits, even those at cask strength elevated 
Works very well on carpet. I have been using it for only a month and I have to say that it s awesome already. Vacuumming the home is no longer 
Good Lamp. This is a good solid lamp. It won t end up tilting side-ways like some less expensive lamps do we ve all seen it! . I have even 
Warm and Tasty. I must say this coffee maker brews a nice Java...it also does it quietly. The timer is great. I read the pouring was a problem but as 
A Great Personal Blender!. This is the only small personal blender I ve found that really has the power to crush ice. It really enjoy making frozen fruit smoothies with 
49erbabe. Don t hesitate to buy this light weight blanket. It is wonderfully made; the reason I m giving it a 5 rating is that it fits my California King 
A great little vac. I m amazed at how much dirt and pet hair this little vacuum actually picks up. I love that it is easy to use, not to 
dog bone neck pillow. perfect I love them..I have been looking everywhere for these and finally found them here  
So Far So Good. I was cautious after reading the disgruntled reviewers state the Brita On Tap s alleged weaknesses but figured it was so easy to put on and 
I LOVE THESE THINGS!. I love the grab-its! They are wonderful. I was so disappointed when the outlet store I used to buy them from told me that they no 
Beautiful bright color. These lights are great! They offer a beautiful tint of blue that illuminates the surroundings without blinding anyone on their midnight runs to the bathroom. Not only 
 24.99 and oddly perfect. The Old Country Roses pattern reminds me of Italian grandmas but somehow these napkin rings got me right in the gut. I can t explain 
Henckels Four Star 10-Inch High Carbon Stainless-Steel Chef s Knife. Great Product - well worth the cost  
Best cooker. This cooker is wonderful, the gentleman it was given to can t say enough about it, He stated it works great and he has used it over and 
Very useful gadget. Would ve given it 5 stars but some things just don t make sense. OK. I think it s a little early for me to write a 
We now have a dry, comfortable room. We bought this dehumidifier to use in an add-on room which was built on a slab. The room was very damp, especially in 
Fiberbed......1st good night of sleep in a decade. Unbelieveable....I have spent thousands of dollars trying to find the right feel for my tired aching muscles and back. Finally I tried 
The Best and Only Loaf Pan You ll Ever NEED!. After years of using every kind of loaf pan under the sun, Le Creuset is by far superior in quality. 
Thank Goodness for this Pillow!!!. 18 months ago, I could barely turn my head because my neck and shoulder hurt so much. Within a couple days of getting this pillow, 
Amazon price deceptive. Saw a demo of this at a local Sur la Table and very impressed. The coffee it makes is outstanding. I plan to buy one later this 
nice bowls. I like and dislike these bowls. What I like about them is the shape and size for certain foods and for the dishwasher. They are actually too small 
Where are they made?. I would like to know where are these pots and pans made. I have one Revere pan that was made in China and it does not 
Great little nightlight. I am pleased with this light. The output is on the low side - which is just what I wanted. The swivel head is useful to put 
Use the bags.. We are really good about packing up our meat, vegis and fruit right after purchase. Our vacuum sealer has saved us tons of money just from not 
best ever. I love the new Eureka. Have had many, many, many vacuums over the ages I m old and this one is the best. It s light weight and 
Do NOT scrimp for the cheap imitation!. I spend a lot of time in the kitchen. 99 of the time I reach right past my Calphalon and pull out the 
Decent Steamer, Decent Price. I bought this a week ago, It works well with most materials collars still need to be ironed for the most part... but expect that with 
It broke & we still love it. We have had this unit for 6 months and we really enjoyed it. It makes a great cup of coffee, it is easy 
Great product, way better coffee than a maker!. Great product, way better coffee than a maker  
Wife s favorite knife. I got this knife for my wife who is a Chef. She says it is the best present I have ever given her. The weight and 
A shining Star. This product is everything it was advertised to be, and the quality is absolutely awesome  
Attractive pastry cutter. You wouldn t think it would be difficult to find a pastry cutter that wasn t just an ugly plastic thing, but I found that to be 
Wicking Awesome!. These Vornado-brand humidifier wicks provide Hott Wicking Action, guaranteed to turn your dry, scratchy hole-in-the-wall into a Warm Moist Hole for all to enjoy. Feel free to Wick 
Pate Terrines and so much more, this is yet another versatile Le Crueset product. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other products. Le Creuset 
A solid knife at the price. I bought this knife looking for a ceramic blade to use as a chef s knife. This isn t quite it.This is a good 
Just what I was looking for!. I ve been looking for a pair of tongs this size for a while! I always see various chefs on the Food Network using 
every kitchen where frying is done MUST HAVE one of these. I wish I had had this with me when I started cooking. It would have saved me a lot 
It works!. I have tried a couple of cup warmers that just didn t seem to work. The warmer plates were lukewarm at best. This cup warmer really works. The 
Stainless Steel Soap Dish. This is a beauty and should last a lifetime. It looks good, is easy to clean and will not discolor as the plastic ones will. It 
Good set with one exception. Just got these about 3 weeks ago. They cook very well and I really like the see though lids. The only thing I consider a 
Good replacement. I destroyed the sister to this replacement making margaritas, tough work, but somebody s got to do it. I am very pleased with this blender and shall resume 
Satisfied Customer. I ordered two sets of the dishes and the pasta bowl with 4 pasta dishes. When they arrived, they were packaged a box inside a larger box with 
An Excellent Blender. Overall this is an excellent blender. It s well crafted and sturdy, made of metal and glass. I had a cheap Hamilton Beach in college and it 
appears small but isn t. I m very happy with this purchase. It does appear small, but easily holds a 750 ml bottle with room to spare. Looks nice on 
Farberware FSEM400 4-slice Belgian Waffler: A Test Case. I have a dear friend who helps me with projects around the house. He enjoys my waffles immensely but claimed his own 
Works, but use a LOT less than they tell you to!. I bought this for my wife--kinda had to since I also bought her the Floormate for xmas... She said 
Hamilton Beach TrueAir HEPA Air Cleaner &amp; Filter. After owning several more expensive HEPA filters over the last 10 years, I have been very impressed with the Hamilton Beach TrueAir 
Presto 06841 Professional Electric Skillet and Server. To tell you the truth I have never had this brand of Electric skillet nor have I had a professional brand, even though 
beckysue. Amazing. It is heavy and works perfectly. Feels great in your hand.  
First real knife..used every day. After working in amatuar kitchens and going through the school of hard knocks I finally got into a real restaurant where I was expected to 
Great Waffles With Easy Cleanup. I am very happy with this waffle maker. It makes perfect waffles in about 4-5 minutes. The removable plates make cleanup very easy and the 
Good value - works well. I purchased the carafe to use with my French press. It works very well, keeping the coffee hot for several hours. Construction, fit, and finish 
Outstanding. This is the easiest sharpener you will ever use. It works like a charm. I am not sure how long those diamond fingers will last, but it is so 
Best Towels Ever. I ve been married for almost 35 years and have been through many kitchen towels. These are by far the most beautiful absorbent towels I have ever 
I love this bowl!. I love this serving bowl. I used it to store my various fruit when I was single. Now, spending my first holiday with my new husband, 
To jv. Uh...What s not made in China these days? Plus, American craftsmanship isn t exactly what it used to be back in the days. These certainly aren t jv 
Get a grip!. Like much of the Le Creuset line, these dishwasher safe round silicone hot pads have multiple uses. Covered with ridges they make excellent trivets for resting hot 
Great product, fast service. I was very pleased with the product, the price and the shipping time  
Cute, comfortable and lovable. I received my Mogu about 5 months ago and I ve gone to sleep holding it ever since!They really are nice to hold.Would reccomend 100  
Love This Blender. Have used it more than any other blender ever owned, and it works great. Shakes, smoothies, or anything you can imagine going into a blender. Personal favorite: 
Cottage Chic. I love these dishes. They arrived intact, everything is fine. The white is a creamy cottage white, and the brown glaze completes the shabby chic effect. Nice weight 
Great looking & warm. My mother liked this comforter so much I had to order her her own. At 19.99 it was a stea  
Cork pops. Love it! Easy to use, works great!! Even bought some for gifts  
Worth the money!. Yes, yet another fan of this bottle opener. I bought a blue one and a red one. I ll never go back to the cheap-o kind again! 
great product!. It s easy to install it, easy to change the paper towel roll, and you can actually tear the towels without unrolling the whole roll. Inexpensive, too. I 
Climb into bed happy!. It is quite a treat to get into bed with these sheets at the end of the day. From the moment you take them out of 
Pretty good water filter. I received this water filter two days after I placed the order. I m happy with the fast service. As for the water filter, you might 
LOVE THIS TOASTER!. If you want the retro look and a super toaster.....this is the one for you. Toasts perfectly and looks great! I ve had it about 4 months 
gift for mom. This was a gift for my mother and she recieved it early and in perfect condition and is already gotten compliments on the look and quality of 
Highly recommended. These glasses strike just the right taste aesthetics quality price balance. They are perfect to use to enjoy fine champagne at parties and not so fragile that I 
Old fashion cooking. The lodge is a very heavy skillet. It is almost 15 on the inside and requires a large burner for heating. Howver, it does cook very evenly. 
Works just like the last one. Got it on time and it works like the old fan of the same make and model  
If you re a Fiesta-ware connossieur,... Then you know that this is a good deal for the category. I received mine two days ago, and like it. No complaints. This 
Nifty little baking pan. My set of two little bakers arrived today, and I immediately put one to use with a salmon fillet in the oven. It does a beautiful 
Excellant buy. The dishes are beautiful and so affordable. We purchased the dishes for a friend at work and they arrived quickly. She is so happy with the multicolor dishware 
Digital Frame. This is the second Phillips digital frame I have purchased. They are great and when someone walks into my house that is the first thing they notice. The 
Works great for me. I m not sure what the other reviews are talking about when they say this toasts only one side? I m not a toaster-snob, so for 
Agree w other reviewer. It is solidly made and if this is your first flea comb, it should last a lifetime. My cats actually enjoy it is a special grooming 
Great little saucepan. I like the size and shape of this saucepan. It is big enough for something like spaghetti sauce or even mashed potatoes, but not so big is 
Great for the price. In the process of replacing all of the small appliances in my kitchen, I decided to go with black or black brushed metal for all of 
Attractive and functional. I purchased this specifically because I was looking for a small spoon rest and a reviewer commented that this could only hold a tablespoon. I was slightly 
Gteat!!!. Love these, bought the small set also. Nesting makes them space savers when not using them. When refrigerating food in them, you can stack them on top of each 
canisters. Very nice quallity, beautiful looking and much larger than I thought....which is a good thing  
best of the automatic grind and brew for what that s worth. We had a Capresso for several years that needed replacing.The best coffee is obviously from a French press, 
Amazing!!. The best product to its prices. The set works amazingly, I love the quality. If you go to somewhere alse, it would cost you at least twice-even at Ross. 
Very nice. This is a nifty product that does its job well and is priced reasonably. The indentations are deep enough to create a crusty exterior, which as everyone knows, 
Does the job - Small, but easily readable. This little clock measures 2.25 x 2.25 x 1.25 inches 5.5 x 5.5 x 3.3 cm . There s one simple knob 
Easy clean up. I love these pans because you do not have to scrub them and they do not tarnish..I am trying to replace all of my bakeware with farberware. 
fantastic. We got this vacuum soon after our wedding, and not long after we got a cat. I vacuumed the floor with our old vacuum cleaner, and then used this 
Great Traveling companion. This is the best pillow for sleeping on long flights, for your back while driving and for your office chair. I own several and won t leave 
Singer Sewing Machine. It works great and appears to be a quality sewing machine. It is easyto use and does everything I expect it to to do. I love it 
World s greatest book light. I ve had my Phorm Light Voyager for over a year now, and have nothing but good things to say. It s not heavy, 4 
Excellent coffee maker. This machine makes a variety of coffee drinks, teas, and hot chocolate. The drinks have been high quality and easy and quick to make. There is no 
Super Handy for 1 Handed Cooking - Must for moms. I have had this product for 8 yrs - before the internet! I make a meal for my husband & 
CARS. My Grandson MUST sleep on these sheets! Good quality,shipping and service but most of all he just loves them.  
Four stars for what you re getting for the price. I wasn t overly impressed by the quality or thickness; these are not luxurious, ultra-thick towels, but they re comparable 
Dependable CorningWare. You simply cannot beat CorningWare for product quality and pricing!!!! Love this baking dish!!  
Great starter wine rack. I got this for my boyfriend to house his fledgling wine collection. The pieces snap together and are very secure once assembled. You wouldn t want 
Keeps catbox smell away. I really did not expect this to work, but it really did. I placed it in the laundry room next to the catbox, and the odors 
Perfect for coffee, lattes, cereal. This is such a good kitchen appliance everyone should own one. It makes the best froth I ve seen and you do that with low 
Great product at an excellent price. I didn t know what to expect when I ordered these towels. I bought several sets on sale - white, ivory, tan, mauve and 
it s a towel!. I am pleased. It is not a cheap discount towel, nor is it a super-plush towel. It looks good and it washes well  
Worked for us. I purchased 3 units and they work well for us. I have 2 units in children s bedrooms on AC power and the 3rd in the kitchen 
Good Product. If your into making beef jerkey, or any other dried foods, these trays will do the trick. It s always nice to have extra trays for your food 
Lasagna Baker. Great sized, heavy ceramic lasagna baker. The gold dust pattern lends itself well to this piece. If you are not familiar with the pattern, the green is more 
THE hard vegetable knife. I got this knife because chef s knives are too wide at the back and wedge the cuts and santoku knives with their ultra thin edges 
Good floor cleaner, bad vacuum. This is a great hard floor cleaner for any type of hard floor. It does not however vacuum rugs very well. As long as you 
The blender of blenders. When I first used this blender, I thought it was more or less like any other blender until I ran out of powdered sugar. I was 
great breadmaker. I bought this breadmaker because I wanted one that makes a normal shaped loaf. It makes great big loaves and is relatively easy to use. Just be sure 
I love this popper!!. I bought one many years ago and it makes light and fluffy popcorn with no hassle, and it doesn t have that bland air-popped taste. After 
Great pots for graduating from Grilledcheeseland. I bought a stainless 3qt Emeril pot on a whim to start making chocolate desserts. Thus far in life I have cooked in pots 
Very pleased. The tea pot set was purchased as a Christmas gift for my wife. She greatly enjoys her tea with the new pot  
Great towels, big soft - don t smell. We got these towels because our regular Fieldcrest towels got musty smelling and nothing would wash away the smell. It s the 
Da Bird Is Da Bees Knees. We ve had Da Bird for several weeks. Initially, we stored it on top of the refrigerator where we thought it would be safe 
Elite. Opens cans easily. Holds onto lid. No spills. Color is sleek looking.Tall for bigger or taller cans. I reccomend this product. Great price too  
As you would expect from Riedel!. Great quality, sweet looks. As you would expect from Riedel  
really simple and good design... I bought this item for my brother s birthday gift. He wanted to buy table top wine rack. Actually this type of product is rare. 
Worth the money!. I purchased the 4 piece dough press set. Shipping was FAST! Works great with rolled dough, pie crust, eggroll wrapper, and pizza dough -- pleats are visible 
Gonna miss sea mist. One of the criteria in this family for what color to stock up on is how it looks under Mexican food. Sea mist and rose are 
Fiestaware Mugs. In an attempt to get RED coffee mugs, I ordered two cinnibar Fiestaware coffee mugs. While they are in the red family, the color has too much brown 
handy, useful, and looks good. This pan is great. It cooks very steady and evenly. After you cook something you can bring it right to the table as it is 
Excellent product, highly recommend. I received this product for Christmas and I love it. I love that these can be used with one hand. I also love that they are 
Revere Pots and Pans. Revere is known for a quality product and this one lives up to their reputation. I have used Revere pots and pans for 30 years and 
Great price, great delivery, great travel bag!. My wife and I were very skeptical about Riedell glasses until we did a Riedel Wine Glass Tasting here in Austin. We are 
Great Toy. I absolutely love this toy. It gives my dogs hours of fun.I bought the first one a few years ago for one of my mother s dogs. To 
Looks cool, feels cool. I like my little red fan....it s not quite as quiet as it could be, and I had one more little issue. The nut to move 
good heater for the price. Received this heater in the mail a few days after ordering. Looks like a good quality heater. It s easy to adjust and read. I 
Great Gift Idea. I love going to other peoples party s and sharing a few drinks, but never had a good way to carry to bottles of bubbly or other 
Works pretty well, not completely cool to the touch. I got this for our 3-year-old daughter s room as for some reason she does not seem to like the sound 
Furi TechEdge knife sharpening system. Very satisfied with system. Able to keep my Furi, Henckels and Gerber kitchen knives razor sharp  
GoodGollyGosh!!!. It got here SUPERFAST!!!!! read that much ahead of time kettle is Super fast.... auto shutoff makes up for my, uhhh what was I saying?? oh, remembering it was 
Great Value Espresso Machine. Do you drink regular espresso or cappuccino? Try this exceptional value! This espresso maker can use the pods or you can grind your own. Very easy 
Muriel Shaid. This coffee grinder is terrific. Makes the best pot of coffee because of the grind it delivers  
Great product!. Love it! Light weight with plenty of power, just like I wanted  
A good value for the money. These aren t the thickest towels I ve owned and they re definitely not Grand Patricians, but for the price, they are a nice 
Buy it!. I ve had two of these for about a month and love them. I ve gone from weekly athsma attacks to none. As for the noise, it is 
Great Grill!!. This Kitchen Aid grill does a great job with fish, chicken and meats-all of which grilled to perfection. I have a grill with my indoor kitchen stove- but 
Works Great. I have used other kitty litter mats but this is the first on that eliminates that dreaded kitty litter spread  
Festive yet Functional Fiesta Dinnerware. Just to look at this lovely dinnerware makes me happy. But to be able to use it daily in the microwave, the dishwasher, and to 
Beautiful Addition to Your Cookware. No doubt that All-Clad makes an excellent product. This casserole pan is a nice size and lives up to all expectations for stainless clad cookware. 
Best loaf pan yet. I used this pan extensivly during the holidays and it performed better than my favorite stainless Revere-wear pan. Nothing stuck in it. Loosten the sides and 
Visions Corning 2.6 - Quart Saucepan. This is the greatest Saucepan ever invented. It is practically indestructable. You can t burn it up like a metal pan.You can always clean 
Manual Knife Sharpener. I found the product to be very easy to use, very quick and my kitchen knives are noticeably sharper. The little device resides in the utensil drawer 
small but functionable. I received two of these only registered for one off my registery. I love them!! Actually, I fell across the ice bucket buying it for a friend 
Not so Rough. I almost didn t purchase these because of the reviews, But my son likes Thomas, so I did. I was expecting really rough, but I don t 
Sturdy, durable frother. Must have for espresso machines. Sturdy, durable frother. Must have for espresso machines. I upgraded my coffee mug makshift frother with this frother and feel it was 
It s Good !!!. It s good, I wish it can make snow faster but it works fine and O.K  
Nice set of bowls. The Chutney bowls are heavier than the usual corelle dinnerware, but that s what makes them so nice! They come in 3 sizes, with the large 
Great lemon or lime juicer. I wouldn t have thought that a good lemon juicer would be a difficult thing to find, but I was wrong. I originally bought this 
Great, durable, educational toy !. I had started my new puppy on the smaller, puppy Kong toy when I first got him, and once his adult teeth come through, I 
Very Nice and Efficient Product. I have had one meat pounder for the past 35 years I still have it and most of the time it was used as a 
Excellent for price. Terrific product, does what it claims.. value for money.Note: Would recommend pushing in the lid ON, AFTER your stuff starts to boil, especially if you want the 
Amazing bowls!. I love this set! I bought it for my college dorm room and I use it to eat all my favorite foods! It s a great set - 
Nice and compact. First, I love waffles, but second, I hate heavy, bulky appliances because I just don t have the space in my kitchen. After looking through all the 
Vaccum. This Vaccumm is great, It equals up to the Dyson that is twice the cost.  
Works Great. I got this as part of the DC 14 full kit vacuum. I read many reviews about the turbo head attachment, and wondered if it was worth the 
Love It!!!. This is another of the WONDERFUL items on Amazon.com s Friday Sale !!I feel so blessed to make it to every Friday, just so I can buy something 
exactly what I was looking for. as seen on hgtv...heavy duty...fantastic information if you ever freeze anything or have leftover  
Don t even have to be home to vacuum!. I received the Roomba and the Scheduler for Christmas. I was amazed at how well the Roomba works, considering that I 
excellent dog hair cleaner. I use my central vac on my 100 wood floors, but area rugs, bed mine & dog s and furniture need a rotating brush. The M0100 
Very nice, high quality, durable and beautiful, one cracked. I m very happy with the quality of this set. One small problem that I m sure Bodum will stand behind 
very nice skillet. I have three sizes of these skillets. I love all of them. You cook without oil. The clean up is great. Every thing is cooked on med 
Tasty. I bought this kit and like everyone else I was very skeptical about making beef jerky from ground beef but it ended up tasting really good and everyone that 
Great value. These are fine brandy cognac glasses, easily worth the price paid. Martell Cordon Bleu certainly didn t taste as good in the thick-rimmed snifter that I sufferd with 
Black Beauty !. I just received it this morning. It looks really black and shiny so beautiful! After washing it with hot water only, patting it dry thoroughly, oiling it 
Excellent Value. I want to start off by saying that any review is relative to the consumers past experience. Before getting this knife I was working from a cheap knife 
Fun & Useful!. This shot glass has helpful measurement levels for teaspoons, tablespoons, ounces, and milliliters. It s a huge help while cooking, particularly for measuring the liquids like vanilla. 
Great for storing yarn!. I bought this especially to store skeins of yarn; it works so well I m buying more  
Hide a Squirrel dog toy. My dog loves this toy. She especially loves for us to hide treats inside it. She will find a way to remove the treats without 
This is an excellent machine. Not sure if the first reviewer is misdirecting his dissatisfaction. Sounds like the spending of the vacation money was the real problem. Because this machine 
Nice Accent. I just purchased this item as a accent piece for my living room. It was very easy to put together, took about 15 minutes. Very sturdy piece. Not 
Very practical!. This clip is awesome! I gave it as Christmas gifts to my mom and mother in law and they love it! Very practical - great for making soups 
Great for work!. I haven t used a desktop mug warmer ever, this is my first one and I love it! I ve read a lot of reviews of mug 
Favorite spatula of all time. These spatulas are awesome. Great for cooking anything! I ve even used them in making candy. Because the whole spatula is silicone, with the stainless 
Sure buy. Excited with this griddle....turned out exactly what I had expected. Would recommend this to anyone who is looking for indoor outdoor quick fry gril  
RAVE REVIEW. THIS IS ABSOLUTELY THE BEST COOKWARE I HAVE EVER USED!I CAN T RECOMMEND IT HIGHLY ENOUG  
Good quality, excellent value. Purchased 3 of these Sterilite cabinets, plus 1 base cabinet, and 1 drawer cabinet during a recent sale at Target. Quality is good and the price 
Small, yet powerful reading lamp. I ditched my previous reading light, which used an incandescent bulb, in favor of this reading lamp, which uses three LED bulbs. The difference is 
Calphalon Tri Ply Copper First Purchase. I thought I would enter into the copper experience with a minimum purchase. I am hooked. The performance is unbeatable. Very attractive hanging form 
I love this corkscrew. Super easy to use and light and small for picnics. Had my last one for 6 years before it cracked. Buying another  
great tray. I ve been looking for a ice cube tray that has a top to prevent freezer smell taste into the cubes. I found these at a BBB sale 
Best. Scoop. Ever. My wife and I were given this scoop nine years ago when we got married, and this scoop is going along as strong as we are. The 
Best Airpots. I have to give a Zojirushi airpot five stars. Zojirushi is known for their airpots. They are the best. Period. My mom had one, not the premier model, 
Nothing short of great!. Very impressed with this unit. Don t waste your money on a lower cost dehydrator that lacks a fan or variable temperature. I have made about 
A great mixer!!!. This mixer is powerful, easy to use and EASY TO CLEAN!!! I have never made bread dough and cookies with such ease  
Great Burr Grinder. I have owned several cheaper burr grinders, but decided to take the plunge into a higher end model since the others only lasted a year or so. 
Works as it is intended to. Got tired of cutting cheese and having each slice stick to the knife. Noticed this cheese knife on Amazon and decided to give it 
cut above the rest. smart price, very good in comparison to more expensive products  
LOVE IT! I am so glad I bought this. This scale is awesome, it works right out of the box! I am so happy with it.This product is a lifesaver 
Terriffic and effecient vacuum. This is exactly what we needed and are pleased with how well it works and think this size is perfect for the jobs we want to 
1,200-Thread-Count 100 Cotton Sateen King Sheet Set, Sage. Very nice sheets! High quality, as described. Fast shipping! Thanks  
The best stuff you can buy. We have 3000 square feet of absolute black granite, and tons of black granite counter tops. This stuff works great for daily cleaning. Leaves 
Wonderful Winterberry Coolers. I bought these coolers as a gift for my brother and sister-in-law. They loved the coolers and thought they were beautiful. The overall look of the glass 
Love these Ramekins! Can t live without them! A . I ordered 12 of these Corelle Abundance ramekins ~ and wondered just how much use I would get out of 
100W Diamond Hone Knife Sharpener. Useful, does sharpen..while instructions are simple enough it takes a little patience, knives have to be drawn through slowly.. does scar blades, seems to handle 
Another Great Graves Product. I bought these metal measuring spoons to replace a plastic set that got melted in the dishwasher. I won t have that problem with these. These 
Excellent product!. My little 5 mo old kitten is naturally exploring her new domain daily and the kitchen counter is no exception. My orchid plants are my babies, and I 
Pleased with the Product. I love the capability that can be transferred from a microwave to an oven. I use it primarily for my frozen food that I microwave it 
Good product, but not without flaws. This humidifier performs as advertised; it s very quiet and is adequate for several rooms to a moderately sized house. The dual water tanks 
Great Quality. I bought them because I like them. After a year they are just better and better. House guests who stay in very good hotels think they are great 
Sturdy, easy to assemble, my cat loves it!. I just purchased this a week ago from Target, and my cat seems to love it. It took about 30 minutes to 
Best Looking Toaster Oven Ever!. I wasn t planning on buying yet another toaster oven for my home, but I ran into this Delonghi oven when I went looking for 
bright colored kitty fun tunnel. My kitten - age 7 months - loves the tunnel and even enjoys zooming in and out on her own. The older cat - age 
Oh, my god! What a pasta fork!. This pasta fork is unbelievable! It actually makes the pasta taste better! It picks up pasta just like a professional pasta fork! And 
Great Buy. I ve been looking for some heavy glass mugs with handles for some time. These fit the bill perfectly. Probably wouldn t have purchased them at the regular 
02-Cool 10 Fan. Fast service and great price. Fans are great have had camping fans in the passed but they are much smaller and they are hinged and the hinge 
revere 12 inch skillet. This product is awesome. I have had it over a year now.. and it stil has no scratches. Very heavy and sturdy. Highly recommend  
Dazzer saved our relationship!. I have a very actiuve Border Collie and she had a tendency to bark at anything! I tried all the training methods I could find and 
The best pressure cooker ever!. I love this pressure cooker. I have tried two others and hated them. The feature that is the best is the digital readout. No more 
Very Japanese. I always prefer something that is small, lightweight, and very nimble. That is exactly what this knife is like. For me thats exactly what I wanted and I 
Fantastic quality. This mattress pad fits my Cali King mattress perfectly and the quality is exceptional. I highly recommend it  
Great toaster. I bought this toaster after reading a review of toasters in The Wall Street Journal. They rated this toaster the highest of the five they tested. It has 
great rolling pin. After years if using a handled rolling pin I finally decided to get one that suits my rolling style. The handles on my old pin were wasted 
Lovely Crystal Wineglasses. Chilled Sauvignon Blanc is my favorite California white wine to serve with most fish and seafood entres. It also is a good wine to drink with cheese, 
A Winner !!!. I bought both the chrome microwave cart and pantry cart&#60;br &#62;and I am elated. I am able to move them around for different&#60;br &#62;things and they sturdy.I 
very good and durable. giving five stars because I bought this washer 2 years ago from amazon and almost used it every day. Now it still works well.  
Impressa-d!. I ve been using this machine for a couple of months now and so far so good. The espresso is rich and tasty. I ve used Starbucks beans as 
The Cookie Sheet Your Grandmother Used. In my twenties I bought no less than three non-stick cookie sheets while my Grandmother an avid baker was still using her aluminum bakeware 
One of the basics. Close to ideal for me. Lighter than some of the equally famous knives of this sort, easier to handle for someone not built like a buffalo. 
Awesome -- cheaper if you refill it yourself. So the big question I had when purchasing this system was whether or not I could lower my cost by refilling with 
good but can be better. Overall is good. The sizes of the 2 sauce pots are too close. I never use the smaller one. It is useless. So, you are 
Le Creuset Poterie Large Utensil Crock, White - Love it. This large utensil crock is a must have, particularly if you have KitchenAid utensils. The KitchenAid utensils have a larger 
Watch Your Hands. I ll try not to be dull pun intended . I went through three phases with this knife when I finally decided to buy it.The first: it 
Perfect complement for a great coffee maker. If you re going to invest in the KitchenAid Pro-Line coffee maker, this filter is a must-have.  
Love this product. Used it yesterday for the first time on a turkey breast. I ve never had a more tender, juicy turkey. Easy to use  
Cats, no. Guinea pigs, yes!. Neither of my cats are impressed by these, but both of my guinea pigs LOVE them!!  
Good Product. Strainer does not filter particles such as cornmeal. Otherwise, it s a fine item  
This is a great item - with a little practice. I got this a little over a year ago, because I HATE ironing, but my hubby wears only button-down shirts 
Popcorn as you like it. The great thing about this microwave popper, besides popping perfect popcorn, is that you can have it exactly as you like it. You can pop 
The filters are fine. The filters are fine. Those that bash them have a mold problem in their home. I bet if you looked behind the wall, you would find 
This is an excellent mixer and an amazing price. I like too bake, particularly cookies and cakes. I bought this mixer because our old Sunbeam was showing its age and 
It s fantastic. I got this collar for my labradoodle puppy when he arrived to become a part of the family and he had on it ever since. He never 
A must for a quality dinner!. When having a lobster or crab dinner these are a must have. Easy to use and easy clean up. Supurb quality  
Impressed and does a great job!. I ve owned several cheaper toaster ovens, they always fizzled out, and were only good for making toast, not baking.I decided to buy something 
Good Bang For Buck. What s to say? This is a cheap carpet sweeper, and it works great! The main sweeper unit is well constructed of metal and it s 
Perfect Cookie Jar. This is a work of Art. I couldn t find these anywhere. Thanks Amazo  
Low-cost Citrus Juicer. I was looking for a lemon and lime juicer, something easy to use and cheap. This item fits the bill wonderfully.It s three pieces. The bottom cup 
Garlic Peeler. LOVE this item specially when I m making chicken with 40 cloves of garlic - don t know how I lived without it  
Old fashioned Ice Cream Dream. Excellent equipment; bargain purchase; user-friendly; comprehensive instructions; easy clean-up; delicious ice cream; a real crowd pleaser; and a wonderful resource for a family or group 
Just what I was looking for!!. I purchased the whole set. Everything came in perfect condition. As I opened all my boxes I knew right away that they were just 
Consumer winner. The Hoover WindTunnel was rated third by consumer reports - behind two Kenmore Progressive models one that we own . The fact that this vac is bagless and 
A great gift. This toaster oven is the best I have ever tried. Easy to clean and it does so many things. I have a spare put away when this 
Dyson DC-18 Slim. This is an excellent vacuum cleaner. It s very powerful, despite its nice compact size. I particularly like the telescoping hose that comes out of the handle, 
Just as advertised. I like the fact that the tongs have that plasic coating. I personally don t see how the magnet works. It didn t work that well for 
Mikasa Red Parchment 40-piece Dinnerware Set. I ordered the Mikasa red parchment on Jan. 31, 06, and received it on Feb. 3, 06. Very fast service! None of the pieces 
Pleased with the product. The cup was just as ordered and received in a timely fashion  
One of my favorite small, shiny objects. I really do love this sguar bowl. It s very nice to look at--much better than one of those squat, ceramic bowls that 
Rival BB200 Crockpit BBQ Pit with Stainless Accents. Overall I like the Crockpit BBQ Pit, I do alot of slow cooking on my outside grills and smokers at home, Its 
Awesome Wireless Speaker. I had purchased another wireless unit and it lasted about 10 minutes! I saw the other reviews on this unit and decided to order it. I can 
Perfect every time. For the price this is the best toaster around. It even has the option of lifting the toast or muffin so you can easily take it out 
Great quality at a great price!. I am SO glad I bought these! These sheets are nice and soft and thick, hold up well to washings with NO color bleed 
my favorite knife. as a cook at a well known nyc restaurant, i spend a minimum of 3 hours a day with a knife in my hand. over the years, 
Just what we needed. For years we have been talking about getting a quality knife sharpener and before the Thanksgiving Holiday this year decided to order the Chef s Choice 
FINALLY a treat for my dog that lasts!. I am so glad that I purchased this item for my dog. I have a golden retriever that is a very aggressive 
best auto feeder currently on the market. i feed my cat a small amount of dry food twice a day. this is the only automatic feeder that allows you to 
If you can get over the cost, it s worth it!. Like the previous reviewer, we ve also gone through several rake-type automatic cat litter boxes all Litter Maid brand; 
Finally!. I just got this vacuum and I love it. I have three dogs in the house with hardwood floors. This is the first vacuum I ve had that actually 
Super quality...but no directions. Love the rack. Very heavy duty. But there were no directions for assembly -- not really needed. Arrives with the wheels already on -- just put 
good tool. i bought this as a birthday present for my dad who likes to tool around in the kitchen. he said though it would have been better for larger 
A beautiful multi purpose pan!. in need of a handy low-cost investment stirfry? then this is the one. well constructed, easy to clean, cooks efficiently...very satisfied with this product  
Great Buy. We bought this because we are short on space in the kitchen, this is very afforadable and we love it - it looks nice and works well  
Best Buy for the Money. I bought this for my son two years ago . . he wanted the George Foreman grill. But I found the GF grill plates were 
Great Laptop Desktop. This is a great product. Very lightweight and comfortable. I have enjoyed using this for my Mac Powerbook. The surface is wide enough for the laptop and 
Perfect product. Not much to say about such a simple item. It does what it s designed to do. And the rubber grip is a nice touch. Not very expensive, 
Excellent design and engineering, except it doesn t work. Well, can all my plaudits. Three weeks of moderate use and it s already broken.BAH  
Great Color. I love the bright color it adds to my kitchen. It s hard to find red accents  
Almost, if not just good as the Wusthof Classic. I have owned an overgrown set of these knives for about 4 years now and waited until I had significant use 
Tommy Hilfiger Egyptian Luxe Bath Sheet. These are the nicest and thickest bath sheets I ve ever purchased. I would recommend them to everyone  
Whimsical Salad Server Set. This is such a fun and durable set. We have eclectic taste in dinner and flatware and this polished pewter finish set fits right in. It 
Great Affordable Canister Filter. Great price for a high performance canister filter! Assembly and installation was exteremely fast and easy. Within a couple of hours of operation, the water in 
Cats love this!!!. I have 3 cats, one of which is 16 years old, and she doesn t run around the house a lot. Well, I put down this mat 
Item not as advertised. The Aut-0-Dine I thought I was getting was supposed to have an area at the back to store food for future filling. The unit I got 
Wonderful cooking set. I really enjoy this stainless steel set. The pieces are beautiful and they cook well. I love stainless and they clean up great. I highly recommend this 
perfect toy for extreme chewers. Toys don t last in my household unless they hold up to extreme chewers. The Kongs are good for keeping the separation anxiety dogs busy 
Outstanding!. Okay i will be honest. I am a big espresso, cappuccino, latte, tea drinker who spends average of 30 daily at starbucks. My francisfrancis! X1 broke a couple of 
Great for Mixing up fly spray for horses!. i use empty spray bottles from a retail store and mix up my own fly spray. I bought this just for that. 
I Love It!. I had bought my first Fiestaware Cereal Bown sight unseen from Amazon.com, and I absolutely love the rich, cinnamon color of Cinnabar!The Cereal Bowl comes in handy 
salt and pepper set. This set is substantial in size. They were easy to fill because the plastic plug partially screws, unlike others that require a lot of pulling and 
onieda colonial boston stainless steel flatware. Awesome! I bought this set about 5 years ago & it s held up very well, still looks brand new. It goes with practically 
Quality Knife. This serrated paring knife is sharp, sturdy and comfortable to use. It would have been nicer for such an expensive knife to have an affixed metal Henckels label 
Works well!. I bought this decanter as a present for my father and he has definitely been getting a lot of use out of it. It is easy to use 
Black Pitcher. It does function well, hmmmmm... kinda like a pitcher, and looks great as an accent with my black appliances  
Canning just got easier. I bought the item for a Christmas present and my son loves it. It is exactly what he was looking for. Perfect size of pot, instructions 
Awesome!!. This is an awesome pot! I have a big family and this pot makes browning large roasts and huge batches of hamburger for chili and tacos so simply. No 
popcorn popper. We have really enjoyed having our popcorn popper. Our children can pop popcorn and have good results. There are very few old maids after the popping is done. 
Love the versatility. Works great. I like having both a food processor attachment and a blender rather than trying to find room for 2 separate machines. I gave this one 
Best Deodorizer For New and Old Cat Urine Stains. Having had, at times, up to three cats, I can say that this product is by far the best!! It even 
The only product that worked.... I ve tried different products for razor bumps and ingrown hairs and this seems to be the only product that actually works, especially in the 
HANDY SIZE POT. This arrived in perfect condition, the one we received is dark red bright red fade - like Le Creuset s cherry red. Matches well with our other 
Great little book light. I had a regular incandescent book like in the same format with the light on an extendable arm. Lasted a good while but the bulb finally 
Great product. Love the product but if you can get them in the pet store it is cheaper  
A great purchase!. I am so happy with this set! I use these instead of laundry baskets, and they work great. I love that when I m done, I can 
I love this pan!. I m also surprised at some of the reviews. I LOVE this pan. I have a full set of KitchenAid hard-anodized pans that I bought about 
Great for quick prep and clean up. Also make a nice funnel for pouring your food stuffs where they need to be  
egyptian cotton blanket. very nice, warm blanket, but too big for a full size bed, way too big  
Functional and aesthetic. Yes, these bannetons do lend an interesting look to the loaf of bread, but its function is its value to bakers. It was is used primarily for 
Wouldn t Have Thanksgiving Without It. I stepped up from the black, speckled roasting pans you get at the grocery store. I ve had my All Clad pan for a 
Perfect!. I ordered the 45-piece place setting, it had to be the quickest turn around I have ever come across. Ordered on a Thursday, had it on a Monday! Everything 
As advertised!. Perfect for throwing all my winter stuff into and storing in my dank storage unit. Doesn t look as neat as in the ads, but it seems to 
Great bread machine!. It s a really nice bread machine. We ve only had it for six weeks and bake in it 3X a week and we re very satisfied. 
Works well, some quirks. I have been making a lot of smoothies lately and my last blender broke. I bought this after reading all of the posititive reviews. As mentioned, 
SURPRISING GOOD. FOR THE PRICE THIS IS A GOOD VALUE. SOME PROBLEMS. DOORS DONT LINE UP PROPERLY AND SOMETIMES THE DOORS OPEN ON THEIR OWN. I ALSO HAD A VERY 
Star Wars sheets. They are bright and colorful suggestion wash in cold water with dark color woolite and dry in gentle cycle so the colors won t fade. This was 
SPACE HEATER. This is a great heater. Really enjoy the remote . It is helpful to warm the room before getting out of bed. Delivery time was excellent. Would reccomend 
Excellent Purchase. I did a fair amount of research before deciding this Air Pot was the one to buy. It hasn t disappointed and I love it. I make a 
Great Item!!! Works as advertised... My kids have a restless reaction to foods that contain red dye 40. My wife and I limit their exposure when we can. An example 
Platters away. Good basic platter for smaller dishes. Certainly not big enough for large servings of meat, etc  
Best salad spinner on the market today!. I had a small oxo salad spinner and loved it for my herbs. I needed a large size to be able to spin 
Great buy, great Quality. I have had my stools for about 3 months now. My almost 3 year old and my other 2 kids eat at our island daily with 
workhorse. i love this blender. it blends anything you toss in with ease, and its really huge, so it makes enough for a whole family  
Simply Amazing. If you ve read any books on sprouting than you know that even newer traditional methods like bamboo baskets and mini-green houses that, while worth it, can be 
So far, so good!. It s still brand new, so everything s working great. I really love the color; I bought it to match my yellow standmixer.  
Quieter Than Others I Tried. I bought this model after trying 2 others that were just too loud. This model is pretty quiet, there is a hum but I think 
Cuisinart set, a huge step up. From my non stick TFAL. I ve never had stainless steel before and decided why not, with the great price and online reviews. I 
NOT a waist of money. Love this pan. My husband thinks I m a kitchen gadget freak I am! , but when he decided to use this roti, he absolutely 
Great for my smallish dog. My dog only plays with treat dispensing toys, so finding this one was a great treat. He is a 12-13 lb pomeranian, so the small 
Just My Size Food Processor. I am single and when I cook for one or two I enjoy this Cuisinart Food Processor. It is easy to clean and doesn t 
solid, but not too versatile. great pot with solid construction that also looks very good. only con is that it s a bit heavy to work with, but that s 
One that works. My wife and I have cleaned house s for years and go thru alot of steam cleaners and vaccums, this steam cleaner is great, well built, plenty 
Very nice. I really like it... It is vey quiet and seems to be doing the job  
Outstanding buy at this price. Cast iron construction, glossy external enamel finish, interior semi-matte black enamel finish, metal lid handle, made in France. At this price 39.99 it is a 
Great soup bowls. I ordered these for a Christmas basket. I liked them so much I ordered another four for myself. They are a great size, well shaped and pretty 
Almost...the same Corelle. I like my new set of Corelle Livingware. It was nice to find something in the red. I like the Correlle because it takes up less space. 
Great knife but Beware on steeling it. Cuts like a Samurai blade quality, and doesn t need to steel as frequent as the Henckels Wusthof knives. It has excellent weight 
great for the money. I RATE THIS COMBO COFFEMAKER 4 STARS, BECAUSE OF ITS VALUE , I REALIZE THAT YOU CAN SPEND QUITE A BIT MORE MONEY TO GET NOT 
Churchill Country Crafts Pantine Green Round 16-Piece Dinnerware Set, Service for 4. I love it. The color, size, and design is just perfect for me. If you are looking for 
Easy to store, reliable solution. I like the levered corkscrews for ease of use and power, assuming you get a well made one. But this one is smaller, easier to 
Great Item!. I was very pleased with this bathroom rug. I have washed it once already and it came out of the dryer looking fluffy and like new. Will buy 
exactly what I wanted. I work in a large office where the temp. is fixed and is always too cold. This heater works perfectly under my desk to keep me 
Bialetti. Maskes a nice cup of coffee. Not expresso but very close. It is also very well made.  
Quality at a Bargain Price. I needed a new knife set to replace a jumble of mixed knives collected over the years, most of them not very good. But the 
Very good!. Say goodbye to cold coffee! The only downside is that it won t turn itself off, so as long as you re not absent minded this is for 
While not perfect, I would still recommend. Perfect size for a three to four person family. The high setting heats up quickly but if used as many recipes describe for 
Great Steele - but a little long for most blocks. As a honing steele, this atractive product perfecly performs the task of realigning the blade. I have the 22 knife 
Buy backups!. If you enjoy your coffee press like I do then make sure you have a couple replacement decanters in your house. It s easy to replace, just unscrew 
Love it!. We 3 cats and owners love the scoop free system. The cartridges are pricey. However, they sell the litter at Walmart, so we scoop out some of the 
Ed in Indiana. We purchased the White Mountain and we are pleased with its performance. We had a 3 gallon White Mountain when I was a child. We have had 
Makes Decorating So Much Easier. I love this stand. It s a perfect size. The only drawback is that cake plates slide a little when I m work on cakes. 
beautiful dishes. We love our new dishes...they are very beautiful...the porcelain is not as heavy as our old set, but they are very nice and unique...fit in the dishwasher very 
Customized Napkinholder. The holder as received met all of my expectations.I removed one glass panel and replaced it with a customized stained glass panel. I looks wonderful and was greatly 
Powerful & Portable. I have an older version of this and love it. My father saw it so I got this one for him and he is very happy with 
Best of the best. This workhorse is perfect for our family. The large 7 cup bowl is good for so many uses, while the 3 cup mini bowl helps save 
Great loaves of bread. These work very well in helping to shape and proof loaves of bread. They leave a nice swirl pattern on the surface of the loaf. When 
Pleased. I was very pleased with this product. I gave them as a present. The only reason I did not give a five star is because I ordered three sets 
nice but small. This item is nice looking, seems quite durable, and does fold completly flat. I had to return it however because it was much smaller than I was 
Really Excellent Quality. This is camping gear for the dedicated chef. None better. Buy it, use it, enjoy!  
Great Mandoline. The blades are sharp that was my main concern when I bought it. I hope replacement parts are available though. Have nt checked yet. Just got it. I 
Finally a blender that works. I have been on a quest to find a blender that actually works. I make a lot of smoothies and needed a blender that pulverizes 
just good. I am a boy.When I bouhgt this stuff it was the first time live without my family.I do not know the cookwre set.But my female friends always say 
Marble Cheese Slicer. The cheese slicer is exactly what was advertised. Sent along with it were two 2 additional replacement wires or slicers to be used in the event of 
Beautiful window display or centerpiece. This hurricane candle makes a beautiful window display or table centerpiece and this is a very good price for a Spode item  
Not just for basting. As a basting spoon, the Rosle is unmatched. However, I find that you can use it to stir things too. Liquids especially. Highly recommended for stirring 
Sanyo-Black & Stainless-Steel Refrigerator. We love this refrigerator. It is absolutely perfect for our office. It looks beautiful and it is very well designed. It helps store our lunch and 
Best Knife Sharpener. We have tried a variety of knife sharpeners and they didn t work very well. Finally, I purchased this item and we have been quite pleased ever 
Far better than normal moka pot, or cheap espresso machine!. Full review with pictures and video: http: daigoexpressed.net brikkaWonder how Brikka makes crema? Actually, it s a simple and neat 
Great value...beautiful product!. I just bought this ottoman and I was definately skeptical about the quality of a 48 dollar piece of furniture...but I m so happy with the quality 
High Quality -- Pretty. First off -- I am sorry to those below who s items seem to not work. I bought mine for my boyfriend for Christmas.Not only was 
Dyson. The ease of using this machine is fantastic. They thought of everything. I love it. The only problem is the noise it makes when I go over fringe on 
effective peacemaker. One of my two cats is consistently aggressive towards the other. When I spray an area with Feliway there is clearly more harmony between them  
Qaulitiy from France for your table. The bumble bee is a known sign for qaulity in France. These type of knives are the same ones used in the top restaurants 
i think they work... i bought this humidifier, and then i needed these mineral absorption pads for it. i have the beginnings of a half pound boulder on the hot 
Wonderful Griddle. This is the best I have found so far. The food won t stick. The eggs will slide with a small push if you want. It is real 
Does the job!. This filter does work. The proof is in the pudding. When I went to change the filter in my bedroom it was gray! I have one big 
Micom Super Boiler. The greatest invention since the Steaming Hot.Every household should own one  
Absolutely Gorgeous!!!. I bought these for my black brown granite counter tops and they look just wonderful. It seems as though there should be 4 of them, but I don 
Best grinder for the money. I couldn t recommend this grinder more highly. It is solidly constructed, and the manufacturer took the time to add all the little details that 
Anodized aluminum IS NOT Teflon....Do better research. This is great cookware.I ve owned it for quite a while. Cleans beautifully and cooks evenly. People have jumped to the erroneous conclusion 
Great Idea. I too have been looking for something to store extra bedding - Thanks for pointing that out!!  
Worked fantastically on my carpeted staircases!. This came with my Dyson Animal DC15, but I would have bought it separately if it hadn t. The powered hand tool worked better 
joemondo is a classic. This mug is one of or the only stoneware mugs found with a 28 oz capacity. I had one a long time ago and this new 
Finally she s warm!. My wife tried a couple other blankets. This one is great. Especially love the boost feature  
Repeat Drinkwell Customer. I bought my first Drinkwell about 10 years ago when I had just one cat who liked to drink from the sink faucet. I wanted to encourage 
No problems with the 5800 model!. I have been using this for a few months now. Actually bought it beofre any reviews and was hesitant regarding the remanufactured part but 
Life saver and aromatherapy for cats. Hi Everyone,Last Friday Tazz our male cat was attacked in our yard by a loose dog, needless to say I rushed him to the 
chef wannabe. We ve been wanting to replace our non-stick pots and pans for a few months now ever since the EPA s new stance on the non-stick chemical. set 
Leather Chair. Comfortable, Comfortable! The best chair I have ever owned. I love the high back chair. No more back ace. And I love the arm rest. Easy to put 
Vacaciones con Aerobed. Tenemos un nio de un ao y 4 meses. Compramos la Aerobed para l ya que estuvimos quedandonos fuera de el hogar y no tenian camas pequeas 
Melitta MES2B Single Serve Coffee Maker. I have used the coffee maker for the past couple of weeks, and it seems to make decent coffer using the Folgers Pods. The 
Glad it chirps, chirps, chirps. I m coming back to order these again, after having a set for years. Yes, when the battery is low it chirps...thank God !! A 
great but need this usage tip. This works wonderfully as long as you slightly move your hand in the opposite direction of the blades rotation. This keeps it from splattering, 
Great product, wrong one. I ordered the 11.5 and 13 inch splatter guard from you. Since one was wrapped when I got the other one, I didn t realize until 
Awesome Price!. This was the best price I found ANYWHERE on these new permanent filters. Delivered on time in great condition. WOuld purchase again, but probably won t need to, 
Love that magnet. Great, functional pot holder. Particularly love the magnet, which allows easy hanging on the fridge. Love the color too  
Thank you!. I looked high and low for this after mine broke. Amazon came through. Thanks for helping me find it - and at such a reasonable price. Excellent service 
Great for teens. We got 3 of them and gave them to my teenage daughters friends, and they loved them. Super gift for a teen girl  
Great Inflatable Bed. I ve had other inflatables for overnight guests and they were almost un-sleepable . And with the other beds, we had to drag the big shop vac 
Sturdy, well-designed bread board. This cutting board is a vast improvement over the previous bread board we were used to. The wooden board is made of thick, sturdy wood and 
Awesome!!. Finally a cat toy that my cat ACTUALLY loves! I just tried Da Bird out for the first time today and my kitty loved it. I was looking for 
Member: Most Frequently Used Club. I have this spoon and the Softedge Slotted Spatula, too. I use it even when I cook in cookware other than nonstick and have come 
Ultimately fine. Great price on a wonderful item. Mistake in shipping quickly taken care of.  
Pretty good. I have had the Honeywell humidifier for over 4 years now & think it s a pretty good product. The filters do a good jo  
Someday a Collectible. Le Creuset has a good reputation,and no wonder.I purchased the 2qt. White Pitcher because it stored hot andcold beverages.With the Holiday s coming up,I realized I was 
Favorite toys. My Brittany loves her migrator toys! She has a mallard, a goose and a pheasant. These are the only toys she doesn t shred. She loves the honking 
Slow down and savour your meal. I bought this Raclette grill for my wife thinking that it would just be another kitchen gadget that we never used. Wow, what a 
this is definitely worth the money!!. a bargain! found at a closeout store for 19.99. only paid 4.99 here. I bought it to use it in out extra bathroom to 
Great item!. These fluted bisquit cutters make simple work of homemade scones. They come out looking more professional and appealling. Best of all they are dishwasher safe and won t 
stylish and inexpensive. What drew me to this piece is the color and texture. The photos here do not do the table any justice. The table has very rich, warm 
Easy to use. Working with kitchen twine to tie off game hens, pork loins, et al is always a bit of a hassle, especially when the meat is marinated. These 
Love it. I looked at wood floor cleaners for several months and finally decided on this one. I chose the Flip-It for the price which was much lower and for 
LOVE MY SCOOBA!. This product gets my laminate floors exceptionally clean and smells SOOO good  
Excellent quality value. This is a handy, sturdy and attractive bottle opener you can use to either flip open pop-top caps or pierce the top of cans. Its hefty body 
A great starter piece or addition to your Le Creuset collection. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other products. Le Creuset casts these cooking 
Better than Crate & Barrel. Loved this rug. I have purchased 5, nicer than the one at Crate & Barrel and at such an affordable price  
My fish seem to like it.... I m not sure how you rate such an item but it does look great in my fish tank with the black background and 
Beautiful but on the small side. They are very pretty. I love the coloring and the high gloss. I just was expecting them to be a bit bigger.  
Nice. I m not one to write reviews, but I had to say one thing about this knife........WOW!If you can afford it, you will not be disappointed  
I love these Cups. These are the best cups they are really large, and very heavy sturdy. I love the colors too this is my favorite of the colors  
Love it!. This is a nice size saucepan. I like it better than the 1 quart I owned before - a little more useful. The glass dome lid is great 
Great Value. All pizza stones will season over time. Just use it to cook all your frozen french fries, chicken nuggets, and pizzas. Every time you use it, it will 
Works like a charm!. If you like to make your own Spaetzle, this is a great little gadget. It works great and is easy to clean up  
Swiss Diamond Rules. I have had a Swiss Diamond frying pan for nearly a year now, and it still looks and functions as good as new with heavy usage. This 
as advertised. It s not the most amazing space saving contraption in the world, but it works. Definitely helps reduce clutter  
Fantastic. This is a fantastic set. I like the grip on the handles, they are reasonably priced for a good brand and the sharpening file is easy to use compared 
A Item Never Thoguht to be Found On here. Great Item of Royal Douton in this One of the great steals of all the Tim  
High quality at a reasonable price. This set is wonderful in that it includes everything you really need in a cutlery set. Most of the commercial stamped sets include upwards 
Great Deal!. I bought 2 sets of these towels and I m so happy with them. They are really soft, absorbent and the size is perfect.  
Exceptionally happy. I just received this machine as a gift from my husband last night. I can t tell you how excited I was. We have a regular coffee maker 
Awesome paring knives. I have had my set of Swiss Army paring knives in red for something like 15 years. I have always called them my ultimate paring knives. The 
Heavy Weight Guest Towels. Columbia towels are especially luxurious to use and for a long time I didn t use them because they looked so lovely and new hanging in 
simply amazing. This product is simple but amazing. It s easy to use, requires no cleanup and it pops almost every kernel every single time. It is worth it s 
Burner Covers. These are very nice burner covers, and they help complete my kitchen decor. It was great to find these matching Chutney items  
Waterproof Pad. I m sure this waterproof pad would be exceptional for most instances. It just couldn t handle the demands placed on it by our thirteen year old son. 
Works Wonders for our storm-fearing cat!. A vet recommended this product for our cat who freaks out every time a storm approaches and hits, & or when we have really 
Love it. I have always loved to sew and now I have the ability to do so much more with this machine  
Great for popcorn, grilling, baking sheets, etc!!!. I ve been really pleased with my mister. My husband bought it for us after seeing one at a friend s house. I 
Best litter box!. I have tried most of them since I have 4 cats! and Litter robot LRII is the best so far,I read all the reviews and did not 
Very nice big dipper. This is high quality and is great for dipping soup, the size is just right for dipping out the big dumplings in my homemade chicken and 
Great Gift!. My boyfriend got this frame for me for our anniversary and I love it. We had problems loading the pictures form my computer onto the frame via the 
Very attractive storage that retains some privacy as well. I bought two of these units, and I like them quite well. Media storage before this was both haphazard and not 
Norpro 3170 Pancake Dispenser. The dispenser works great. It came within the specified time and packed very well  
A simple and good home water purifier filter. I have noticed a significant change in the odor & taste of water after filtering it through Pur 2 stage water purifier 
Absolutely Love My 1st.pc. of LeCruset !!!. WOW! Do I ever enjoy using this 7-1 4 soup pot! I had second thoughts about getting it the price but I certainly 
Excellent glider. I found the price to be extremely reasonable for the quality of the product. Also the shipping got it to my house within 4 days of ordering  
Easy to replace, fairly cheap, but check manually. For the filters themselves, they re fairly cheap, though 10 would be nicer, and extremely easy to replace. Peel the old, dusty 
Crafts. I purchased this cart for scrapbooking supplies; at first I was disappointed when it arrived, it looked larger than it was; however, it works well and is well built. 
This works well and is safe for everyone. After reading the other comments I decided to order and try this for my self. Afterall, the person complaining about no blade 
Great Stews. Although I have no background to vouch for any ethnic authenticity of this product I was almost thrown out of Williams Sonoma when I asked the lady if 
Great product. Perfect and reliable replacement for Magic Bullet. I was looking into buying Magic Bullet for mixing my shakes and did a lot of reading on the internet. It 
Quick and Easy!. Well, apparently the folks who wrote the previous reviews didn t all read the booklet that came with this great product. It states that you need to 
Excellent Delivery of Ceramic Items. Received the shippment of 8 place settings within days of placing the order. I was very surprised they came so soon, especially around the holiday 
Best balanced knife and best knife handle I have ever had!. My wife and I cooks alot and we have been searching a perfect all rounded knife; We found it 
directions?. I recieved no directions with this product. Im guessing to use it after shaving and before you go to bed  
Wow... This thing is amazing. I m a college student and I ve been wanting a grill for a long time now but figured I had to wait till I 
Progressive s Deluxe Splatter Screen Really Works!. Progressive International Deluxe Splatter Screen - A pleasant surprise, it does what it was suppose to and does it well! The additional bracing 
Food Dispenser. This product is great to store cereal in! It keeps it food fresh and leaves very little mess when the children use it. It is great. i would 
Ultimate springform pan. Hey.... if your a William Sonoma shopper like I am.. you ll notice this pan and the others they carry from Kaiser are way more expensive than 
One word: Phenomenal. I ve wanted a Dyson for a long time, but for me spending over 400 on a vacuum seemed a little extreme. Well, not anymore. I finally 
THE BEST PILLOW EVER!!. Really, this pillow is perfect in every way. I have had neck pain so long i lost track. I found this on amazon, ordered 2 and 
Color that pops!. These towels are a beautiful color, true to what you see on the screen. They re a great size and texture. We ll see how they hold 
enviracare filters. They do exactly what they are supposed to do at a reasonable price. I only wish that they were scored for easy cutting for the different models. The 
great. This soap used with the whole system, does exactly what it says it will do  
Novelty Stars 100 Cotton Luxury Flannel Twin Duvet Cover, Blush. It is very comfy and pleasant to look at. It s easy to put on and take off when I 
Good stuff. I prefer cotton stuff so this is good for me and you can wash it at home....though some threads came out in the second or third wash . 
black cutting board. This is beautiful...I love it!!! Good size and does not show stains from food .  
looks and tastes just like a draft beer. i have made 3 batches with it and everyone has come out perfect. just add the mix water and a packet of 
Great Travel Bed. We bought this on a recommendation from a bunch of other moms. We travel a lot to the in-laws and our son was outgrowing the pack and 
A very good case. I brought this case for my Western Digital 120GB portable hard drive. While I physically couldn t physically see the case before buying it, I researched 
Cherry Pub Table - Great Item!. Fast Shipping! Item arrived as stated - Excellent item for the price. We looked everywhere to find a pub table and this was definately 
Pretty dishes. Very pretty dishes. Don t fit well in my dishwasher since they re not as flat as other dishes. Love them anyway! Well made and clean up easily 
Wish I knew about when I bought my new bed. I bought a bed a few months ago and had to go out and buy new bedding at some local 
Salad Tongs. Great item, just what I needed. The price was fine and the company reputation was a serious consideration in my selection  
product great shipping damage was not. Purchased for my college son........he loves it, it works great, spacious....however I am not happy that it arrived damaged, should be packaged MUCH better 
Beautiful product!. We just replaced our old dishes with Fiesta in Sunflower, Tangerine, Chartreuse and Peacock, and we love them!!! They are very colorful and make a beautiful table. My 
Lots better the coffee pot coffee!. Coffee pot brewed coffee is so weak compared to press. We had a press that we bought from Starbucks that was the 12-cup large 
Great Idea for a starter. This is a great gadget, but a bit messy! I wouldn t want to be without it and would surely love to see it improved. 
Kong. This is just a superior toy and paste for a crazy, chewing puppy.....I have a new MaltePom and this is a revered toy. I give it to him in 
Kitty Hoots. The cats have liked all the Kitty Hoots products so far, and this was no exception. They say they are filled with Zoom Around the Room catnip. Trust 
Great product. This t-stat combines all the great features from every tstat before it with none of the weaknesses. 2 year life on the lcd is not normal. LCD is 
Great shelf - SIMPLE to put together - under 15 minutes. My husband and I purchased this shelf as a place to put my rather large collection of cookbooks. We 
Great for wine and other uses. Yes, it is made to be a decanter for half bottles, but yes it does easily hold a full bottle. What I use this 
Great Multi Cat Jungle Gym. This is a great bargain! It s very sturdy, considering that my 16 pound cat jumps up on top. There are multiple levels for cats 
Pretty impressive, but...... This vacuum sucks! Which is exactly what a vacuum should do. It does have great suction and picks up animal hair better then any other vacuum we 
Tickled. I m delighted with my refurbished KitchenAid mixer...it s a delight to use, and the first stand mixer I ve owned. I ll never buy a brand new KitchenAid 
A decent knife for the price. They aren t kidding--this thing is razor-sharp. It needed no tuning up before I used it for the first time. The handle is balanced 
Loaf pans. Farberware is heavier than any other similar probuct and very non stick and easy to clean. I bought a whole set  
Clean carpets, but leaky with upholstery attachments. The Hoover F5914-900 is my first steam cleaner. It got my carpets cleaner than the model I rented from Giant, and even got 
Great Buy. I ve tried every pet pad out there and this is the most absorbent. The price is much less than at the pet store  
Great way to organize you Christmas ornaments. I bought a bunch of them at Target and I love them. I like that they are clear so you can see what 
Fun to use. This was an impule purchase that I am still happy I did. Everything is very easy to use and quick to clean.  
Excellent oven. I bought this toaster overn in July 2004. Its is excellent quality and works great. We enjoy our baked fish and chicken tikkas even more now  
Cover for Rowenta Ironing Board. After trying at several stores to find a replacement cover for my Rowenta ironing board, purchased at Costco, I noticed mention of this item on 
Good Steamer. This is a pretty hardy unit, heavy and sturdy. We are using at home. I was hoping for more dramatic results, but I have not used one before 
steamer. Basic,simple,easy and no batteries required. You can bang out a whole meal in no time.What more can you ask  
Terrific!. We have the tumblers and the tall coolers and they re fabulous. It s true...they really don t break and they hold up great in the dishwasher. They look 
Programmable coffee pot at a killer price!. I got this coffee pot at about 25 of the original price. It s programmable and works great! Hope I find more deals 
Good Stuff. It just makes you feel good, awesome product. effects are nearly instant, good time all around  
Fantastic cleaner. This stuff really works well. It is like waxing your car almost! put a few small drops on and rub with the yellow scrub pad. Then wipe off 
Perfect Chilli bowl!. I just love Fiestaware and this is the perfect chili bowl! It is a great size for chili or soup! The quality is fantastic adn the price 
Great coffee maker. Before purchasing this coffee maker, I read through many reviews from several different websites. Most of which were very good reviews and some had rated this coffee 
Nice dish. Works great and the handle on top is a much needed feature. My old butter dish not fiestaware did not have one of these and that is how 
great pan. This was my first calaphalon purchase and I am so impressed that I plan on using nothing but calaphalon in the future. This pan is shallow and bigger 
Sharp and reliable!. I have been in love with the set for years... They are versatile, sharp, and reliable! Each piece has its own speciality, and the whole set satisfies 
Quality, Quality Quality. It is the perfect work mat. Great size. Great weight. I roll mine around my large wooden rolling pin and it doesn t need a rubberband or 
What a buster!. I was looking for something small to put near our litterpan since the cats track the clay out of the box when exiting. I found this vacuum 
A Nice Simple Design. Nice, retro design- really great colors I opted for the apple green . My only wish is that it were a bit more powerful. It is 
Simple, Nice Blue Glow. Just a simple plug and forget nightlight,photosensor works, blue color is easy on the eye.Just right brightness, enough to navigate but won tmake you squint in 
Not Bad. This is a good lap desk, but there is really no padding on the underside which makes it uncomfortable for lengthy use  
The Ex . This is by far the coolest gift I have ever purchased. The recipient hasn t stopped talking about it yet. She says somedays it s the Ex 
I Absolutely LOVE this!. When I got this I was a little worried it would be too cheapy b c the materials are light-weight. But, I set to putting it 
Very Good All Around Machine. This is not for your typical coffee drinker. It could be, but isn t. The thing that separates it is primarily the price, otherwise just 
taste great. This item was what I was looking for and at a great price, quick shipping and easy to use. thanks again for a great product at a great 
Excellent for electric range. I bought one of these over a year ago and have been very pleased with it. I had a tough time seasoning it. Only the bottom 
Is it sick to love a coffee machine?. I know it s expensive... and I can t believe I paid full price for it, but I love this coffee machine.Doing 
Great After First Wash. When I was a kid, I d use sheets fresh out of the plastic. Now I know that giving them a spin through the wash gets 
Awesome sorter. This sorter is great! We previously owned a cheaper sorter, but it fell apart within a year and is now in the garbage. This one is very sturdy. 
Sanyo Compact Refrigerator. The refrigerator is great and was delivered within 3 days. It keeps beverages very cold. However, it was delivered with a dent in every surface. Lucklily, it 
as good as the original. The top from the original fits on this replacement just fine  
Great Kitchen product. I have owned this system for 18months, and have never had one of the containers break.It is a great space saver - - I got rid of 
Hamilton Beach air purifier. With 4 birds in the house and a husband allergic to feathers...I purchased a unit around Christmas for our bedroom which helped almost immediately. I was 
Wonderful!. I like it very much. It is very quiet, lite and pretty color. I am doing kitchen renovation and using this vacuum cleaner is a big help  
Excellent & Great Priced Step Stool. This is a great step stool. I was worried about the weight it would hold since it wasn t mentioned her The ANSI weight 
In response to Lee from Alexandria VA. I am not sure which exact items are included in this set, but... are you sure that the skillet does not double as 
Fiesta Peacock 40 ounce Vegetable Bowl. Bowl was just as shown;great price and fast, efficient shipping  
Unfreakin Believable!. I originally had the Swivel Sweeper. Worked for 6 months and I cleaned the brushes regularly. It puttered out this week. I went to WalMart and purchased this 
very practical. The Towel bar does what I hoped it would do. It fits nicely on every door in my kitchen and keeps my dishtowel in a handy place. Since 
Simply wonderful. I ve used these pans for brownies, peanut butter fudge, cookies. They are fantastic! Easy clean up due to no sticking. I bought these at a fabulous price, 
WYSIWYG. Very simple. Sturdy. I like the removable plastic hangers - they hold the ties securely and flat against one another  
One Touch Pet Gate. I love this gate, it is really good looking and doesn t take away from my decor. I highly recommend it!  
A MUST HAVE for Drinkwell Fountains !. The brushes are perfect for cleaning the fountain well. My cat s previously grungy fountain that I tried my best to clean with 
Mikasa Dinnerware Set. I am very happy with this product and I bought two sets to replace all my mismatched dinnerware. This set looks very delicate and greenery enhances the 
Don t get sold on the hype. This is a great knife, everyone agrees. But is this knife that much better than its cheaper competitors? MAC, Wustoff etc knives which 
Very Useful Travel Mug. I have owned and used one of these for about a year. It has never leaked although I don t take a chance by laying it 
very good. Very nice, high quality......makes nice and bubbly soda water, keeps in fridge for a long time......nice for making italian and french sodas  
3 Cats Give All Paws Up!. This is one of the best cat toys we have ever purchased! Our three cats absolutely love it. Not only does it contain fresh 
The almost perfect Vacuum Cleaner. I ve been buying Hoover for many years. This model is the best so far. I think it s the best of all brands except 
my dog loves it. I am the type to dress my dog for fun, but i am moving to PA from Florida, and knew my dog would be cold. I 
Some problems, but still worth it. I m a big Target shopper, but I ve never been very impressed with their furniture. I have a couple of night stands in 
This peeler is great. My mom has arthritis in her hands pretty bad. Most peelers are difficult to impossible for her to use. Not this one, it works flawlessly. It 
Just as described. Super quick delivery - product is just as described and looks wonderfu  
great coffee maker. I recently recieved this coffee maker and was worried since the other reviews were so bad...but I really like it. This one replaced a one cup by 
Perfect and Sized Right. We have now had the opportunity to sleep on our full queen RV bed with the Comfort Clinic topper. It is excellent and just what we 
lovely. these glasses are perfect. one arrived broken, but we had absolutely no problems at all getting the replacement. highly recommended  
So nice and soft. I was at first hesitant to buy these types of items over the net because you can t feel the quality. I was presently surprised as 
Great everyday vacuum!!. I bought this last week and I absolutely love it! My Hoover finally bit the dust, and I picked this up to use until the vacuum I 
Fiberoptic Butterflies. I showed these lights to several friends before giving them to my daughter for her baby s nursery and they all thought they were beautiful. My daughter was 
best pressure cooker. i was a little nervous about using pressure cooker. but i was very comfortable with this stainless steel pressure cooker. the build was very sturdy. now it 
So far I love it!. Just used this once but what a difference between this and my old George Forman grill. My old grill was such a pain to clean 
nice vacuum. The complaints others have posted are fairly accurate - there are a couple attachments that do not have a place to stick on to the body of the 
Very pleased. My husband is a big guy so I wanted to get a bigger towel for him. I bought this towel purely because it was the biggest one I 
Cool. This Hot Dog maker is cool. Makes good hot dogs.I have only used it a few times but the kids really like it.The bun warmer does not work that 
Better Than Anticipated. I thought, 5 towels for 10 bucks? How nice could they be?Well, surprisingly enough, quite nice. They are high quality and oversized. Unlike many kitchen towels that 
cute candle piece. I think these little candle holders are great for any occasion. And they aren t expensive either. Therefore you can buy any color for any occasion to 
Great for potato wedges in the oven!. I was a bit apprehensive about purchasing this item, but I m so glad I ve added this mat to my baking tools. 
Pop corn forever. This is the best pop corn popper I ve owned. When I couldn t find the powercup concentrators at the local stores I put the popper on 
quick delivery and great product. I was looking for a cheap microwave to get me through a year in the dorms and amazon had a great one that shipped for 
Nice Vacuum that works well. A few scratches on the wheels and here and there but looks new overall. It works like new. Probably not a perfect vacuum but works 
The Best Spatula!!. Wonderful little thing! Works great! Easy to clean! Remember the regular one? I have to pull out the spatula head and clean the hole where the stick 
Set it and forget it. This is a decent roaster. I get a good quality roast each time. The parts disassemble easy enough for cleaning. But a lot of chafe 
BEST BAKEWARE EVER. THERE IS NO SUBSTITUTE FOR LE CREUSET S ABILITY TO DISTRIBUTE HEAT EVENLY, WITHSTAND HEAT WITHOUT STAINING, AND TO TOP IT OFF, IT S SOOOO EASY TO 
RED SATIN SHEETS-QUAILITY. VERY LUXURIOUS BUT TOP SHEET WILL NOT STAY ON BED CONSTANTLY SLIDS OFF AND COMES UN-TUCKED BUT I AM OK WITH THAT WOULD PURCHASE AGAI  
Great product at an excellent price. I didn t know what to expect when I ordered these towels. I bought several sets on sale - white, ivory, tan, mauve and 
Finally, a handle fit for human beings!. If you ve bought Fiestaware place settings in the past, you ve surely noticed the awkward shape of the coffee mugs of yore. 
Great choice at a Great price. We really love this mixer. The first batch of cookies my wife made were great and the batter was ready much quicker than our 
Great cookware: a few things to note. I wanted to upgrade from the first cheap cookware set I bought in college to the set I wanted for the rest of 
Kitchenaid Cutlery Set. My daughter loves this set of knives and I was very impressed with the sleek design of the block. I highly recommend the set to home cooks 
Power station works great. I bought 5 of these as Christmas presents as well as one for myself . It is a great item to charge your cell phone, Ipod, 
Great skillet!!!. This skillet is fantastic. Food just wipes out of it, no need to put it in the dishwasher. I love it  
A great pan. I own this pan, and it cooks evenly, its durable no flaking of the coating, the handle is still in mint condition and it stacks into my 
Great Product. For a couple of months I was struggling to teach my Choc Lab how to use it. He seemed to reach a plateau in the learning phase and 
Makes Great Popcorn. This product makes good popcorn quickly and easily. Very little waste as only a few kernals were left unpopped. When it starts popping it can send some 
Still hoping to find the perfect teapot. I am generally happy with this teapot. It is durable and attractive. However, it takes the right touch to pour without dripping and 
It s ok for the money. This little guy works best on smooth floors, e.g. picks up cat litter in bathroom just fine. Not so hot on carpets. However, when 
Good find. Very beautiful piece. Excellent service good price. My wife collects gingerbread items, this has a prominent place on her shrine . She loved this Christmas gift  
best baby taster. I rec d this product from a cousin in the usa. I think this is the greatest thing ever created. I wish that every parent should have 
Came intact, works well. Taking the advice of other members, I ordered one day shipping . The packaging IS FLIMSY, but my unit arrived OK. Works well. As long as 
Quality needed, quality given in lazy susans. Since I am a decorative painter and these are my best selling item, I needed a top quality product at a price that 
A Triple Delight! Le Creuset Cookware is worth its weight in gold!!. Le Creuset s 2-Quart Multi 2-in-1 Pan with 8-Inch Omelet Cover, known as a marmitout, is a triple 
Best kibble ever!. This is by far the best kibble for cats available. Cats are obligate carnivores, they do not need to eat corn or rice, a major ingredient in 
Excellent stick broom. Great pickup for a small vacuum. Very easy to maneuver. Owns up to the Electrolux name. I sometimes go through my whole house with it-rugs and hardwood-the 
Beautiful Down Comforter. This comforter is wonderful. Beautiful fabric and a very warm and comfortable piece. I am delighted to have purchased it  
nice towels. I like these towel however the color is green,,, I thought is would be more of a grey or silve  
Great bendy little book light. I like the light because it s bright and can be twisted and turned any way you need. It s on off switch and the 
THE GREATEST CLOCK. I LOVE THIS CLOCK. JUST GOT IT AS A HOUSEWARMING GIFT. JUST PRESS A BUTTON AND IT SETS ITSELF AND STAYS ACCURATE DUE TO RADIO FREQUENCY. LARGE 
Awesome!. These are so NICE! Much better than my old stuff, they are so shiny! And they have a nice weight to them. I am ordering more  
Cute, clean, simple &amp;amp; a good price. I ve been buying the mission pieces for my living room because I wanted something that looked nice, but didn t cost alot. 
Product Set Misrepresented & Horrible Customer Service. I had the same experience as two of the other reviewers. I ordered what was represented as a 42 piece set that included 
Very nice jar. I thought the jar would be more apple y no such word , but overall it is a very nice jar, seems sturdy, and certainly worth a 
Wanting another one in the dark color... We have one, like a couple other reviewers here, in the dark color; we ve had it for probably a couple of years. 
nice little machine. It s my first sewing machine and I like it. It handles what I need and does a fine job. A little on the small side, but 
Greg. It came quickly, 6 days with Amazon s free shipping. It came today and within 10 mins all my knifes were very sharp. I then gave my new OXO 
Great alternative. I just tried this out for the first time, and I was impressed. It baked evenly and nicely. Best of all, the cake came right out. I simply 
Cafeteria Dispenser. These dispensers are still the easiest way to get syrup, honey, etc., to the table without undue mess, particularly with small children  
Makes your house feel creally clean. It s wonderful to be able to clean without chemicals! The steamer has several attachments. Really enjoying it. Works great on tile and wood 
Easy no stick cooking. If you enjoy cooking with ingredients that my stick, worry no more. This great tool is easy to use whether whisking raw or cooked ingredients.One of 
A true classic. When I got my Gaggia more than several decades ago, it was not yet called a Classic. It was called a Coffee Gaggia. About 20 years ago, 
Boy, that thing can cook. This is the thing needed for a busy household. You cut up the food, put it in the cooker and turn it on. No more 
Great Product. I ve got a dog, cat and a small child- my floors have been a mess! I am so glad I bought this vaccuum- the suction is great 
almost perfect ... this is a great tool for turning just about anything; the company even makes a leftie version, with the spatula front angled in the opposite direction. however, 
nice weight. I was surprised it was such a nice pot for the price. It has real weight to it like higher priced pots. Can t give it 5 stars 
Great little coffee grinder!!. I purchased this coffee grinder to grind spices. It works very well. I grind lots of different spices in it - sesame seeds, flax seeds, cinnamon, 
Might be good but, healthier?!?. I really have to question how the other reviewer managed to conclude that food cooked in the Master Chef is healthier than food cooked in 
Seems to be working... So far so good. My littermate adults were leaving me gifts when any environmental changes distressed them my vacations, new furniture or bedding, etc. It s 
Works well. Suction cups adhere turtle ramp securely to side of tank. Turtle likes it too! It may not be as attractive as some of the other turtle ramps but 
Finally, a rack for men s shoes. This rack is made very well. I saw the exact same one for sale in a local container store for 50. Most all 
It s a great product!. It s powerful;it s easy to use, and it s easy to clean. My husband and I love it. it s healthier way to cool 
Outstanding Knife Sharpener. I previously owned the M120 from Chef s Choice and was generally pleased with the results, but found you had to really follow the instructions and run 
perfection. the mortar and pestle came in quikly as advertised, my wife loves i  
I wouldn t use anything else. I ve been using these for about 1 1 2 year and only now the first one started having problems. I also have a 
Great Idea. I have this on my desk at work, where I don t have to worry about my customers kids sticking their fingers in it! It moves a lot 
Shredded Cheese Made EAsy. The Presto 02790 is probably great for many things but for my house it s great for shredding cheese for mexican food, a staple in our 
Knife strip. I love having my knives all up where I can reach them. These strips are great  
wine savers. They are convenient to have if you cook with wine and have a few bottles open at the same time. Very durable  
Great Fiestaware Deal. Product arrived packed very well and quality was outstanding !Would definetely order again  
Great for my needs. I really only use the microwave for popcorn, heating up meals, and heating up coffee. It s been absolutely perfectly fine for that. One minor, minor 
Great Duvet Cover. This duvet cover is fabulous for the price. I like the sueded affect. I got the blue one. It s not too heavy, and has a very 
Perfect towels for the new bathroom. I was not sure what kind of quality I d get from ording these from the web. Great towels. They look great in the 
Porcelain Mortar. I am using these mortars in the kitchen for various purpose such as grinding spices. Excellent quality at reasonable price  
Excellent service. Very much enjoying the table and stools. Upon arrival, two of the chair backs were damaged. Though initial delivery took some time, the replacement backs arrived within three 
KitchenAid KTT570ER 4-Slice Digital Toaster. This is avery attractive and functional product that performs nicely as advertisied. Although, I used the free and slowest shipping option, the product arrived a 
GREAT DEAL BUY MORE THAN ONE. I BOUGHT THESE BECAUSE OF THE PRICE,IT WAS RIGHT.AND I LOVE THE DISHES,JUST THE RIGHT SIZE FOR SINGLE SERVINGS,AND MINI LOAFS.BUY MORE THAN ONE 
Fantastic Value!. I am thrilled with the performance of this small lightweight vacuum. It cuts my sweeping and pickup time in half in comparison with a broom. I didn t 
It s Red!. Great toaster. Consumer Reports online 2006 gave it a great rating. I also have a Krups top rated toaster and they both do a fine job. Both 
For Inexpensive Sheets . . . Not Bad. Purchased these sheets in Queen, colors: Cafe, Light Blue, Olive & Ruby on 1 15 07. Was somewhat leary about buying them 
The best there is. And I ve bought many toys... My cat does not respond to any other catnip toy. Kitty Hoots is the only brand she goes for.  
It s a toaster. This toaster works great for me, but then it is just toast. This particular toaster was given a good rating by consumer reports so I bought 
Mr Coffee Iced Tea Pitcher. This is a great product. The one that i had previuosly lasted me over two years. It was just wore out and it needed to 
in the future. This is my second bunn and 1ast one lasted 6 years and loved it. Had to get use to 10 cupp unit old one was an 8 
Wonderful item - very impressed. We got the indoor grill as a wedding gift last year and use it all the time especially in the winter or times when you 
Wonderful steak knives. These are wonderful knives. They cut the meat as easily as a case knife going through butter. I am very happy with this product and plan to 
Very sharp. A friend of mine recommended this for chopping onions and herbs. I have to say that I love it! It makes chopping herbs so much easier!  
Good light for reading. This is a good reading light . I would have given it 5 5 but it sometimes flickers.Other then that it is very flexible, you can 
QUICK AND WONDERFUL FOR PERSONAL SMOOTHIES & PROTEIN DRINKS. Using my regular blender was avoided often due to cleaning chores. This blender has no such problems. Your mixing cup is 
Pretty decent grinder. To begin with, I did not receive the table clamp model from the description, I received a bench mount model. I believe it s the same grinder, 
Best dog toy EVER!. My large dog absolutely LOVES this toy. What I didn t know when I bought it is that it has 6 noise-makers in it, one in 
Even When Seasoned, Not as Good as Non-Stick. Even when the carbon steel is impeccably seasoned, it still requires much more oil to cook than a non-stick stir fry wok 
larry l hough phx. az. kinfe set is good deal for such low cost,nice weight,very sturdy,quite sharp,best for me is i just put them in dishwasher with no rust yet 
Very good looking. I had some problem with the shippment system. Was a little late. But other than that I am very happy with the couch.  
Simple & it works... Nothing much that can go wrong here. No intricate mechanisms.No moving parts. No pumps that can fail. Several smart designfeatures make it a solid buy.I also 
Good Machine So Far. What compelled me to get a humidifier were 3 weeks of nearly sleepless nights not to mention much agitation in my nasal passage from dryness and 
Must have. This knife block is a must for any Miracle Blade 3 owner. It fits all the knives in the original set plus the four bonus all purpose knives 
shams. These are great and match the duvet cover wonderfully. I am very pleased with my purchase!  
Dyson Low Reach DC07 Floor Attachment. We have a lot of tile floors and under the bed cleaning, this is such a wonderful tool to have and it REALLY sucks 
Be aware of the picture, but these are good planks. It s probably that I just need to pay better attention, but there are only 6 planks all the same 
Shelving is great. The shelving I purchased was a big step in my being able to organize my garage. The shelving was a snap to put together. They were assembled 
Difficult to find elsewhere. Plenty of plain Jane Corelle sets available outside but the colored and patterned ones are difficult to find. Great price at Amazon too. Can t be 
Great Training Product. I adopted a 6 year old male coon hound. He was already set in his ways being an older dog. I started working with him with the 
Good for hard cheeses and chocolate, not so hot for mushier stuff. We bought a rechargeable cheese grater from a brick-and-mortar store; I believe we got the earlier model of 
Brentwood Mills gets an A for mill and customer service. I have never owned a nice pepper mill. I ve always used the red box, and recently a plastic low-quality 
Wonderful Quality!. Ordered three different sets & sizes before Christmas, embroidered the napkins and tablecloth, they turned out beautiful. Everyone loved thier gifts.  
Greak Pressure Cooking Set. I left my old pressure cooker a Tefal made of steel in storage in another state and I was dying to have a new one. I 
A little gem of a candy making pot. Yes, yes, yes, it takes a long time to melt the chocolate, but once it is melted the constant low temperature is 
great rice cooker with a timer. We eat a lot of rice ... When my wife started working we bought this cooker largely because of the timer. We can time 
No more lugging in heavy packs of water!. This Pur system was easy to use. Just open the box and soak the filter and twist it into the dispenser. Water 
Hogwarts Banner. Originally I was going to make this on my own - it was for my son s 8th birthday - a Harry Potter themed party. I was going 
Does the job for small rooms. Picked this up a few weeks ago when it first showed up because my old space heater had a VERY noisy fan, and no 
A Co-Dependent Relationship. I m unnaturally dependent on my All Clad 8 quart -- so much so that I bought a second. Soup cooks like a dream in it, and 
Most Fabulous Blanket I own!. From Amazon,I bought the Sharpay blanket by Biederlack in ivory-king size for my bed. I knew when I saw it, that it was exactly what 
Smooth as silk. Oxo has done it again! This whisk is really great for making sauces and melting chocolate. It gets into all the corners and does an outstanding job 
Fabulous!. My husband loves peanut butter cookies, and if you ve ever tried measuring a sticky substance like that, you know how frustrating it is. This measuring cup makes it 
Big, bold and beautiful!. When these mugs arrived, I was surprised to see how gorgeous they are. The color cobalt , the glaze, the shape, the weight, the generous handle 
A Triumph of Engineering for Real Life Use. If you accept that a masticating juicer gives better quality juice than a centrifical, but you do not want a heavy, awkward 
Well I can only speak for myself. I read a few not so favorable reviews, mostly stemming from problematic attachment of the stand which mine does not suffer , but 
Works very well. This bottle opener is excellent. The rubber grip is very non-slip, minimizing possible injuries normally incurred when opening bottles. This is very popular at parties at my 
Love the Fiesta colors!. Knowing the Homer Laughlin Co. is a reliable name, I had no hesitation in purchasing their product. Their Fiestaware is oven, microwave and freezer safe which 
great for the money. I was very happy with the princess comforter, it was plush and soft. My granddaughter was thrilled  
product good, shipping bad. The product was fine but the shipping cost more than the product! For such a small item the cost of shipping was very excessive  
Attractive napkin holder. I was tired of napkins falling over when I had a verticle napkin holder. This allows for quite a good amount of napkins to be placed on 
saucy little pitchers. I have two of these and use them for sauces or dressings that pour easily. Thick or chunky items don t always pour so well, but cream, 
Love this wok!. I bought one and liked it so much, I turned around and bought a second so I can stir fry two batches at once. I have cooked 
We love it!!. This is our first juicer and we are have a great time juicing everything. We use it a lot with our smoothie maker.It is designed well and 
Best coffee maker for me. Have had this for a good 6 months now and am very pleased with it. I use it daily I am the only one in 
Excellent Gift!. I purchased two of these tea for one sets as gifts and my friends loved them! I think that I will have to purchase one for myself  
great wok - easy to clean. I find myself using this wok more than I thought. Although it is large it is very lightweight and so easy to clean. It 
Our cat loves this. We were very skeptical of this toy but thought we would only be out a couple bucks if our cat didn t like it. She LOVES 
Tervis Tumblers are best. I have tried many insulated glasses, and Tervis are by far the best. They are well worth the little extra money they cost. They are the 
12 inch Le Grand Pie Dish. This is a superb kitchen essential. And this company is the only one in the world I am aware of that supplies this product. 
The absolute world s best frisbee!. This is the world s best, truly long-lasting, safe frisbee. And, believe me, I know since I have a dog who has gone through 
Hoover Floormate. I really like this but I wish I d spent a little more & opted for the rotating brushes & gotten the one w attachments to get into 
big enough. I ordered this pan because the 10 one that came with the set wasn t quite big enough. I have used it for several dinners and sauceses and 
When it says Libbey, Libbey, Libbey, on the label, label, label . . . We love these glasses, we have had the Reidel glasses, like these, many times. . . 
It has made excellent espresso every time; it looks good too. The Gaggia Espresso machine works well and mine has made excellent espresso every time . It makes perfect shots 
Fantastic for 20!. The one thing that I would change about this vacuum is that it has a cord, which of course makes it a bit more cumbersome than a 
10 inch Cast Iron Skillet. This skillet is everything it is supposed to be w cast iron, it performs GREAT  
A must for every kitchen. This was the best investment I ve made in the kitchen. If you love to cook, you MUST have this roasting pan. I use if 
Does keep the silicone out of the pie. Trying to get a hot pie out of the oven with one of those silicone trivet --also potholders -- is tempting fate 
This really works !. I was skeptical, but this double shelf really works. It is strong enough to hold a vcr dvd player or heavy cable boxes. It s adjustable 
Hard working, good looking, nice addition to any kitchen. The storage box is really a nice touch and it makes it possible to store these lovely knives in a way 
Stylish Coffee Maker. Several visitors have commented on the sleek styling of this coffee maker. The taller design also takes up less counter space. It makes fine coffee. The timer 
ABSOLUTELY THE BEST FAN FOR YOUR MONEY. THIS FAN HAS THE BEST WIND POWER OF ANY WE VE USED IN OUR 2ND FLOOR BEDROOM NOT AIR-CONDITIONED . I LIKE IT 
Bakes well... But, the pan and lid had significant scratches all over. They didn t appear to have ruined the pan so I went ahead and used it.The rolls baked 
Love this knife holder!. Fits well in drawer, still has room besides it for other utensils, holds all size knives and is very heavy and sturdy, does not move around, 
Great deal!. The underside of the duvet cover and pillow shams are not a microsuede but a thin, smooth material. No matter, they re still nice. Otherwise, the microsuede is 
White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer. My family has used White Mountain Ice Cream Freezers for 40 yrs. I was excited to get my own and it is everything I expected. 
Super fast boiling kettle!. We ve had this kettle for a couple of months now, and we re really happy with it - it s not a big kettle - 
Coffee geeks - you need this, but it s not perfect. After years of fancy equipment and special mail-order beans, I never expected a serious jump in the quality of 
Great toaster. I love this toaster....i looked at a lot before i ordered this one and it stood out from all the rest..and got it the red i love....my niece 
great little fountain. This is a great little fountain. Very natural looking materials used in the base and real rocks for the water to flow through. We love it!  
Excellent. This unit is quiet and performs as advertised, that s the bottom line for me. I had a Holmes unit that was loud and quit working after only one 
Okay. The soap pump was exactly what I ordered. It s a nice addition to my stainless items in the kitchen. However, I noticed a small bit of rust on 
Wonderful: Practical and Attractive. I got this as a holiday gift, and I m so glad I did!It s one of those items that you can see in the Brookstone 
Great Product. We bought this for my now 6 year old daughter for her birthday and she absolutly loves it. She loves to help me arround the house and every 
GREAT FOR STORAGE AND CLEAN LAUNDRY SORTERS!. I bought four sets of these. We love them!. We use the smallest size for closet shelf storage. The middle size cubes are 
Was everything I wanted it to be. It s an attractive, colorful canister that looks great on the shelf and keeps my coffee fresh  
Top Rating for Zoji NS-DAC10. Have had the rice cooker for about 2 months and we love it. Rice cooked on the slow cycle is superb. Handles white, brown, long 
Sturdy, but not suitable for all purposes. Starting with the positive: This thing is well-made and holds plenty of whatever you intend to put into it. Very strong, it doesn 
Good quality case, but a little too big for the Western Digital Passport drives. The case is well designed and made. The outer material feels durable, the inner shell soft 
Sharpens Great!!!. This sharpner worked so well that I bought a second one to have when I wear this one out  
good value and quality. I have had only good experiences with this travel mug as well as with other Trudeau insulated products. The 360 degree drinking meaning you can drink 
Book Light. I bought this Lightwedge for my daughter who is 7. I found out that after I put her to bed, she could not go to sleep right away. 
great skillet at great price. I have been looking for a good skillet to saute vegetables and I find this really working well. You might want to use it with 
Lovely simple cake stand. Like most people who are occasional bakers, I made do with putting my layer cake experiments on a regular platter covered with 3-4 sheets of plastic 
Glass Pticher. Ordered these for our office clientele during meetings. Very durable and yet very presentable  
Perfect for Protein Shakes. If you work out, or know someone who does this is the perfect cup to get.I got this for my boyfriend,he drinks protein shakes everyday. He 
Excellent for bowl-tipping and bowl-dragging cats. We bought this at our local Petco, it is the same item, made by the same company, currently selling for the same price. It 
mini disk pitcher. Item was in a box, in perfect condition and delivered in 2 days  
Use for everything, anywhere. I bought this timer about a year ago to warn me when my tea was ready. It is great for this and now for my laundry 
Frother is great DHL is the worst. This little frother works very wellWe really enjoy it, and now I even froth the non fat milk for my daily oatmealDHL is 
Good Crab Cracker. We have used this type of crab cracker before, and like them. We wanted to give them as a gift to family, and searched high and low 
Well worth considering... If you ask me, this appliance was designed and engineered with a little more thought that other similar retail products.Comparable electric grills in the same price range 
set it and forget it. Just put in the ingredients and push the button and the machine will steam the rice to perfection  
Decorative yet functional. I purchased this piece in the now retired pearl gray color, and intended on using it as wall art in my kitchen. I use the retired colors 
great piece of knife, but........ I got the knife 2 weeks ago and it really works great, very sharp blade and easy to use. The only thing I noticed is 
Great table for the price....... I read all the reviews before purchasing this piece of furniture. I had no cracks or anything in the furniture, but just a small knick 
Excellent!. Another excellent Farberware product. The pan is deep enough so that when you stir the food while cooking, none of it spills onto the stove. The second handle is 
Good cup of coffee!. Easy to use and keeps our coffee hot in the thermal pot. Very easy to program, and clean up is smooth. If you do not use 
Dent Overall Good. After reading reviews, I decided that if I wanted a good quality trash can this one would be for me. After opening it I discovered a large 
Quick, efficient...low effort!! LOVE IT!. I have had a plastice one with the built in strainer for years...and must admit I hated it, but didn t know why...IT was to 
An alternative for Melafix if you need it. Bettafix is a nice little remedy to keep for your bettas. It has dosing instructions for the small bowls commonly sold for 
excellent cutting board. I am very pleased with my purchase. It arrived in great condition, smooth wood and ready to use. I will continue to make purchases like this one 
Great Product! Kinda Heavy. Non-stick coating is fantastic, handle does stay cool, heats evenly although it takes a bit longer to heat up than cheapo pans. The only negative is 
The Rabbit Rocks. I am amazed at the negative reviews on the Rabbit. I ve had mine for almost two years, with no problems at all. Yes, it is about 
Sharp, solid and balanced. Great deal on a set of knives that you ll have for a LONG time. Handles might seem a bit wonky, but actually seem to work 
Rival Crock Pot. I bought this crock pot to replace another Rival crock pot that I received as a wedding gift almost 20 years ago. My crock pot finally gave 
Highly Recommend This. Fantastic price for several helpful items, and all in one place. Maybe you could spend your days searching garage sales for a few of the items and 
Works OK. This products works well as a stand for the my SP-660, but you must be in the sitting psition to use it. If its height was adjustable it 
Never go back to a dirty lid. Best invention ever, I love it I will never have another trash can. I was so tired of touching gross, trash can lid 
The best. The top of the line for this type of thermosat. We have owned 5 and they have all worked perfectly. The numbers are easy to read without reading 
I am in love with this knife. This knife is superior in every way.It is SO sharp - much sharper than my Henckels Pro S knives. It literally glides through 
Perfect choice! Previous ratings helped me decide. I decided to get the MIU brand based on two factors: They re both Stylish and incredibly Functional. I ordered two and installed 
Makes the best toast possible. I bake my own bread, and I love to eat homemade bread that is toasted. But my toaster browned the bread unevenly on each side. 
Water tastes great. The water from this filter always tastes great and it is easy to hook up. I would give it five stars except it occasionally drips water from 
only brand that fits. the cheaper ones don t quite fit... unfortunate because these are so expensive... which is why I gave it 3 stars instead of 5 stars... I 
Great rugs!. This rug really does catch litter, unlike other rugs I ve tried. It is comfortable for my cats to walk on so they don t jump over it 
The last bottle opener I ll ever buy!. I think you could do just about anything to this bottle opener and it would come out just fine. As noted by 
Great Product. I have had many toaster ovens and this by far is the best. I bought it because I have many Hamilton Beach products and have never had any 
Makes all red wine taste better. Not only do these wine glasses vastly improve the aroma and taste of Burgundy my favorite and Pinot Noir, they make all red wines 
Bat House. The bat house is neat, fun to set-up and interesting to watch as it attracts fruit bats to my yard. It serves 2 purposes, a home for fruit 
Perfect stopper pourer in one. I think they should make more of these things, stopper and pourer in one. The problem with a pourer is that it doesn t keep 
Hercules Hooks. They really do work as advertised. They go right into drywall be careful not to hit a stud however! with no muss and no fuss. I haven t 
Indispensible. I received this as a Christmas gift --one of the best I ve ever enjoyed! It is easier, faster and less hassle than my food processor. The first day 
High quality water kettle!. Excellent quality on this little water Kettle! Definitely recommended----heats water very quickly  
Petmate fountain filters. These are the OEM type filter, our cats love the clean water, and these filters keep the water tasting good for months with a simple rinse  
Most of the rest of my order came!. The first item, a med. platter, had to be returned, I wasn t pleased with it at all. The service for 12 
Great Item. This coffeemaker is really great. I m always running late in the morning and now I don t have to worry about waiting to catch the weather portion 
Fast, easy, and cheaper than you think... I consider myself a serious aquarist with a setup that cost me over 3000 for my overly spoiled Koi and fancy goldfish. I 
Old Fashioned Snow Cone Maker. This machine works great. No more manually turning to make shaved ice. My children love it  
Small but Precious. This is just adoreable! A tiny little jam serving pot, with a tiny little spoon. It s almost doll-like in proportions; however, the detailing on the roses 
Great quality. Although we haven t hung it up yet, won t now until spring the product quality is excellent. We live in an area with alot of old mines 
Great machine for office. Life at work wouldn t be quite the same without this and my shots of Buzzworthy. However, I do find it an expensive way to drink 
Great customer service. This canister set is very well made and I am very pleased with the product and its price. There was a slight finish flaw on one of 
quality sheets for a bargain price. Wow, these sheets are a quality item, we got 2 sets, and washed them and they wash well, fit our tempur-pedic mattress just fine, 
I love these knives!!!. I finally ordered this set after looking at it for months. It is fantastic. I use them every day. The handles are an added bonus. They 
Great at picking up dog hair. I just got this vacuum today and boy did it suck up the dog hair! My only complaint is that it is VERY noisy 
Hot chocolate perfection. I love cooking hot chocolate and chai on the stove top, even when I m the only taker, and this little whisk is perfect for such occasions 
dog play toy. I gave this toy to my Granddaugher s Daushaund and he loved it.  
great scale. I love having a scale in my kitchen and this one is nice and small, so it doesn t take up a lot of space. No more guessing, 
NordicWare 51842 7-Inch Leakproof Springform Pan. Excellent, when you want to bake a small cake this is absolutely a great small just the right size of a cake form  
Simple. Great. I never thought flexible bakeware would be so great. It withstands high temperatures of about 425 degrees f and instead of having to be extra careful getting the 
Our first BEST dehumidifier. We bought this dehumidifier in the beginning of summer hoping to keep the dampness out of our basement. We felt a huge difference in our basement 
Best Toaster I ve Used. We have used this toaster at least once per day for the past three months. When one spends so much for a simple piece of 
Great product. The stemware rack was sturdy and attractive. I m very pleased with it. In my particular situation, I had to add a piece of wood behind it so 
Can t do without one. I got a Mogu person pillow a few years back for christmas, and have slept with it everyday since. My original one was getting flat 
Pet Fountain Filter. I cannot believe I m writing a review of the filters for my Pet Fountain...but here goes. The Pet Fountain itself is fabulous...and these filters do work 
 19.99 and 4 for 3 promo. I plan to install this on the underside of a kitchen cabinet to store cafe mugs which will free up an entire section 
Perfect shape, but no lid. Pros:1 Beautiful sear marks and flavour2 Preseasoned, so it s easy care, just wipe down with an oily paper towel, and remember to cleanup the 
Excellent edge, some design flaws. I baught my 8 global chef s knife about 5 years ago. It has been of great use in the kitchen and remains one of 
BUY 600 TO 800 TC. YOUR MONEY IS BETTER SPENT ON A 600 OR 800 TC SHEETS. THEY ARE MUCH SOFTER, AND LOOK JUST AS NICE.1200 TC IS A VERY 
Wonderful coffee. This coffee maker really surprised me with its excellent quality and taste. Easy to set up for 2 quick cups of coffee. Really glad I purchased this before 
Perfect for small spaces. Bought this for an apartment with limited space. While the directions are limited, it s pretty simple to install if you use the wall anchors or 
Kitchenaid. Love it--fits on my counter and is a great addition to my red Kitchenaid kitche  
Darker than expected. The bench is as pictured except that it appears a ting bit darker in person - box said it was a beige bench so I was afraid 
Improved style. I have used PUR plus filter system with vertical faucet. But, this one is better than that. The chrome color is really wonderful because it goes with most 
Does one thing, does it well -- superbly, in fact. When I say one thing , I do not mean to slander this device as a unitasker. It will not 
Great knife. I absolutely love this knife. I have small hands and this fits perfectly. No more slipping. Thin slices of tomatoes, onions, whatever are no hassle with this knife. 
Addressing the leaking issue. I noticed that some people had leaking problems with this shaker, so I decided to go look at the product locally. Here s what I found:Because 
Excellent dishware. You just can t go wrong with Fiestaware. It s sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily from table to dishwasher to cabinet . And if my rough-on-dishes family 
UTTERLY FANTASTIC KNIFE. This knife was my introduction to the Shun Ken Onion knives. Then I bought two Shun Ken Onion chef s knives, the paring knife and a utility 
Not as happy as I was at first. I agree with the other reviewers that KitchenAid product is heavy and sturdy. It does a good job for the money. We 
Easy to Install!. No hassles, keep some in stock at the house so you won t be stuck. Water tastes pur e !! No more yucky tap water, wether ot 
Well Made Relic. This ice cream spade is well-made, looks good, &amp; gets the ice cream out of the box better than most scoops. I like the retro design it 
FiestaWare brings color to life. This is a great set of dinnerware!! After 25 years, my husband and I decided to bring some color into our lives by replacing our 
Best single cup coffee maker. If you are used to the standard coffee maker you won t like this, but if you make 6-10 cups of coffee and throw half 
Quite pleased. We got one of these at the hardware store. Liked it enough to get another at Amazon at about half the price .Great for a small room. One 
The best ever. Try this item to make soup, mexican chilli, mexican pozole and you will want to buy only LeCreusetThe best I ever bought - I own 5 more 
Beautiful Gift. We received this as an engagement gift and it is beautiful. I absolutely love it  
It could last longer, but works well. This is probably the best on faucet filter we ve owned. The claim is that the filters last up to three months. We 
Presto 09964 PowerCup Concentrators. Great price, free shipping, am good to go for a long while. If you want to lose weight, eating plain popcorn will certainly help and the 
Mr. Coffee replacement Iced Tea Pitcher. I was finished with Mr. Coffee forever because both of my Iced tea pitchers had cracked. I ended up ordering the Hamilton Beach Icedtea 
Pretty nice. I bought one of these last year and am using it again this winter. This heater is rather quiet for a fan-type although powerful at 1500W. The thermostat 
The Best 58mm Tamper You ll Find At Any Price!!!. I bought a KitchenAid Pro Line Espresso machine from Amazon at a great price. I love the machine, but in 
Nice. This is a nice looking king-sized throw . Thirty to thirty-five dollars would be a good price, but nothing near the list price. The SDers found this at 20 
Great but doesn t last long. Our Golden Retriever loves this toy. But it doesn t last long. He tends to distroy all stuffed toys. The quack is a lot 
This should be called the VEGETABLE STEAMER instead!. While it s not the best item for cooking rice or popcorn, this is the absolute BEST way to cook veggies! Joyce 
Great Product. Besides the strong production of ions, which eliminates that outside dog odor, our dog enjoys the massage and eagerly looks forward to being brushe  
T-Fal Raclette Grill. This was a 40th birthday gift for my daughter. A friend of her s had one, and she told me about it. I was afraid it would 
Good hangers. These hangers were exactly what I was looking for at a great price! They re the first hangers I ve purchased in a long time that don t 
Great looking lables that really stay in place, no pealing corners. Shipping was slow but the product is just what just what it is supposed to be.  
This is my second one!!!. I bought the first cabinet a year ago and love it so much I just bought a second. It s very well constructed and the 
Ditr Devil Hand vac. What a great little product. The extra-long cord is really usefull. I ran out of bags, so naturally I came here to get more. Very easy 
Good for the price. I got this to try to replace a large feather pillow in our spare bedroom. I was definitely hoping for a pillow with more filling, but 
Great table!. I love these! I bought two to use as bedside tables and they are great. I moved them across the country in a moving van and they held 
Gonna miss sea mist. This size bowl stacks better than many other Fiestaware bowls. One of the criteria in this family for what color to stock up on is how 
Amazing bang for the buck. I ve been drinking espresso for several years now. While I m not a snob about it, I do know what I like.I ve got 
It Works!!. If you are a pet owner this is a must have training tool. After purchasing new furniture, we successfully used the SCATMAT to keep both of our dogs 
Pem America 6 peice Jacquard Towel Set. I bought several of these sets and gave them to my children and mother. Everyone loves the texture and drying ability! Would definately 
It doesn t matter how expensive it is--it works!. I am the proud owner of seven cats. One of my cats refuses to urinate in a litter box filled with 
cleaner. this is the easiest and the best stainless steel cleaner I have ever used. I will keep order it, so don t let the stock run out  
Huge, great pot!!. The pot is much bigger than you thought it will be. The pot is 10.75 inches in diameter with 5 depth. The handle is approx. 8.5 long. 
Great for the price but advertisement is false!. Great deal for the price. The stitching is very weak and has only one stitch accross each pattern. If it breaks, and 
Great vacuum for the price. This vacuum works great and comes at an excellent price. We use it on carpet and wood floors and it cleans pet hair really well. 
No problems whatsoever. I can t agree with the previous reviewer. I have been using this tool for 2 months almost daily now, and it still works fine  
Awesome!. I love this electric kettle! I use it 3 or 4 times a day to boil water for french press coffee, oatmeal, tea, etc. I have not had the 
Makes a huge difference, some features confusingly lacking. I got this to accompany my Gaggia 35005 Carezza, because had been having inconsistent results with blade grinders, and store bought pre-ground 
I never heard of a ramekin. I bought a bunch of LeCreuset and these came as a gift. I suppose you use these for a fancy dessert, I don t 
Sucks so good. Found this great deal on Amazon and jumped on it. Was a little concearned with it being refurbished . It comes directly from Dyson and is packaged 
Shipment arrived in two days, unbroken. I bought both the casseroles and the bowl set. They both arrived promptly, with nothing broken. And the shipping was free since I ordered 
Terrific blanket!. This blanket is warm, light, lushious to touch, and the color is true to that shown onscreen. I am delighted with it - and so are my three 
Would never have to buy another trash can!. I have gone through so many different types of trash cans through out the years and I have to say that this 
Best Electric Skillet on the Market!. My old electric skillet was finally put to rest this past week. Now I needed a new electric skillet. I wanted one which had 
Less variety please. I was skeptical at first, but I have been using this system for a few months now and find it very good. I would like to see 
great tray. The ice cubes come out intact - not chipped or cracked. To get them out, push each cube from the bottom with your finger.For fastest and easiest results, 
Melitta 1:1 One-cup coffee maker. I have found that you can make a large cup that s not as strong if you remove the little trays and set the big 
Stainless Steel Cookwell for 18-Quart Roaster Oven. Exactly what I was looking for at a very reasonable price! No more Teflon peeling off from the other cookwell. Great clean up 
Happy with Sango. I was so pleased to find all the additions to my Sango dish set. I have not had a chance to use the cassarol dish yet but 
Good buy. Solid build. Use it everyday.The cord is short, though easy for storage, a bit clumsy if your socket is out of reach  
Soft and Plush. I only ordered two towels because I wasn t sure how good they would be. I would have ordered a dozen if I knew how luxuriant they 
Here s an alternative... I hung 2 big jingle bells on a sturdy ribbon by the door & it accomplishes the same thing with no batteries to worry about! Consistantly 
loved it. It makes great waffles. They taste really good and look so so cute. By following the instructions they come out as a perfect Mickey every time. If I 
No More Spilled Milk. I recently bought two of these organizers for the back of my small SUV. I buy eight gallons of milk at a time every week and 
Good jewelry cleaner for the price. I researched ultrasonic cleaners last year and got this one for my wife. She is VERY happy with it. The other cheaper ones didn 
So far so GREAT!. I ve now slept on this pillow for 2 wonderful nights. It s soft and cradles your head and neck. I haven t slept with it 
Very Satisfied. Does not spit or leak; VERY powerful steam action; can steam hanging clothes with the iron held vertically; glides smoothly; and is solid and well engineered  
Extremely Pleased with Tervis!. Tumblers were all that was promised - incredibly durable, lightweight, do not sweat what-so-ever and kept cold drinks cold. Would definitely recommend these tumblers to anyone 
Canning Kit. Just what I expected when I ordered it. High quality that will remain durable for many years of canning  
Very, very nice!. This is the piece I was dying to try and I m not one bit sorry I got it. Being cast, it cooked a great paprikash evenly 
Very well pleased. This is exactly the blind that I was looking for. I had called all over town and searched the internet for a long time. All it took 
great find. I orderd two of these for my son s beds. They look great...soft, comfy, and you can t beat the price. The maple color is true to swatch 
good product. only problem i have with it...is that the plug doesn t go all the way into the power supply..which seems a little bit unsafebut works grea  
Santoku Knife. This is the best knife for chopping that I have ever used. It is so sharp that it takes some getting used to in order not to injury 
stand mixer. This stand mixer is absolutely wonderful, everything about it has been worth it. A huge price difference from kitchen aid and quality is just as good as this 
Excellent for yeast or bacterial infections. I have ten dogs and eleven cats plus I volunteer at a local rescue group, and I always keep a couple of bottles in 
If you have the counter space, here s a toaster for you!. Bulkier than most 2-slice toasters, but works great  
It s been a lifesaver!!. I have to share a closet with not only my husband, but my daughter as well. We live in a small two bedroom and only 
The Perfect Size. I love it! I have lots of All-Clad LTD but needed a small saute pan for just the two of us. This one is perfect for poaching 
Wow! A Flea comb!. It s a flea comb... It get s fleas off your cat... what s to know! Just get it and comb your cat  
Its fantastic so far!. first of all i bought this for myself an adult and i ve owned both the drawer chest and the bookshelf for at least 5 months 
Nice mill, just a little loud. This mill provides great mill speed combined with a fine grind, adjustable to a medium coarse grind. It is not suitable for cracked wheat 
Don t forget the Ice Cubes. I miss my whole house water filter now that I m renting. But the PUR works very well. It was a little bit of 
Nice but too light. It s sharp and looks nice but feels really light, not what I expected from a steak knife. Not dishwasher safe, it get s rust spots 
Good allround pan. Pan arrived promptly, as usual. I have used for several different braises and soups with great sucess. Heavy weight and easy to clean so my husband tells 
Awesome Product & Healthy. What a awesome product and it promotes a healthy lifestyle. I highly recommend this to anyone who wants great tasting meat no matter how good a 
I used it every day. Once you cure it instructions included , this wok is as stick-free as teflon, but not as toxic. The handle stays cool, and it fits 
Flannel bedding. I asked my mom what California sheets were.. -:If you are looking for soft flannel sheets that are well made, you will love them. They have the deep 
Perfect!. I bought this after reading different reviews on several frothers and I am so glad I bought this one. It froths the milk perfectly.Very pleased with the Aerolatte frother 
Million uses. This are about the handiest items in my kitchen. Well crafted,easy to clean, and just the right size for cooking or reheating.The one star reviewer should have paid 
What a lovely little pitcher!. While this pitcher may be great for serving beverages, I find that it looks particularly charming holding a small springtime bouquet. I am using mine 
Tote Bag. Can t camp without it! Perfect for carrying my dutch ovens easily to the campsite. Sturdy construction and protects my cast iron from rust  
Very durable. I have an American Pitbull Terrier who destroys most squeaky toys within five minutes. I love the Cuz ball-it s going on three months, and it s still 
Buy Now--A No Brainer. My father was very, very particular about selecting and maintaining his kitchen knives, but I haven t been able to live up to his high standard 
Nice scarf, pretty color. This is actually a pretty nice scarf for the money. It is a soft gold and a soft fabric. The only problem I had was an 
Great espresso. I was very happy with the espresso and the looks of this machine. I used it several times a day for about 2 weeks. First complaint, It drips 
Sturdy and functional. The product is everything I expected to be. It s sturdy and is not shaky at all. If I were to give it a little bump, nothing 
Great pans!. I bought an 8-piece set from Tuesday Morning for around 130 and was really pleased with the quality. I had been looking at All-Clad, but these are just 
Awesome mixing bowl. This thing is just the ticket for any kind of mixing. Plenty deep, nice finish, and easy to clean.  
Even a novice can sew within hours. I have never sewed in my life and feel great about my experience with this machine so far. I wanted to learn how 
Wish this was the older version... I love Revereware, but I, like others, can feel the difference in the newer ones verses the older ones in weight...I wish I could 
Excellent basic fryer. For 50 you can t beat this as a basic fryer, especially if purchasing for a smaller household. The capacity is enough to cook for 2 or 
Great deal on good cookware. I bought this set when it was on sale for 50 shipped..AWESOME DEAL...this is a great cookware set, nothing sticks to the pans and they 
Larger than expected. I purchased this item based on other reviews and I am not sorry I made the purchase for several reasons. I love Lodge Cast Iron, Amazon has 
Presto Jumbo Electric Griddle. I bought this griddle for my daughter for Christmas. She absolutelyloves it. She told me that it cooks bacon so quick, she couldn tbelieve it. She 
Nice cookware. We have had the same pots and pans for 17 years so we wanted something new. Our old stuff wobbled on the burners and just had a lot 
great for clumsy clouts like me. Damn these are nice. Not unbreakable but it gives you about 9 lives. Eat em up people  
Fairly good at what it does. I bought this to illuminate dark areas on my stairs which have no electrical outlet nearby for safe passage at night.The LED light is 
Flimsy release button. Works great---but, the second time I used it the release button for the griddle plate broke off. We are still able to use the griddle; however, getting 
Love em. I ordered 6 thinking I was getting 6 washcloths. Little did I know that they were two to a package and I got 12. What a special surprise. 
Excellent Cookware. We ve had ample opportunity over the holidays to put our new cookware to the test. The house has been full of guests. Cooking large and varied meals 
Calphalon 10 pc Stainless Steel Cookset. I received the 10 pc set from my husband for Christmas. I have been very pleased with the quality and how easy they are 
great product but arrived damaged. This is an excellent folding clothes dryer; great product. Unfortunatley it arrived slightly damaged... packed loose and without much protection in a large box. Still 
Great Quality at a Great Price... Ever heard of a no-brainer? My fianc and I were pleasantly surprised when the mail arrived today. For a fraction of the 150- 200 
festive ware!. theses glasses make a stunning addition to fiesta dinnerware. they are well balanced and well made on top of being striking looking. retro and fun  
twenty-five years of hard use. Twenty-five years of hard use, and eight children later, my Lecrueset cookware is still in excellent condition. Now, I am adding some of those special 
Litterlocker refill. Received promptly =- well packed - very pleased with value for money - clean transaction  
Finally, My Perfect Toaster!. This is the best toaster ever! For decades, I have wanted this toaster, but never bought it because it was too expensive . But, my husband 
replacement bulbs. I was so glad to find a source of replacement bulbs for my Itty Bitty Book Light.....and at such a reasonable price. Fast shipping too  
Handy rack. This shoe tree is a great space saver plus the convenience of the revolving layers is great. It seems to be very sturdy  
Wonderful grinder. I too read all the reviews... I spent several hours, so let me save you the trouble. This item is sturdy, washable, compact, and grinds beans for anywhere 
Great Value. I looked at several everyday wine glass sets & these are the best value.Very well made & attractive. Can be used for every day or special occasions.  
Best cat collar ever made. I bought several of these for my 3 cats. Although they re all indoor cats, this is just in case. They re the best cat 
WELL!. I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY DOG RAMBO REYNOLDS AND HE SEEMS TO LIKE IT BUT I STILL DON T KNOW WHAT IT DOES! Does it just scream, COOKERSON MCDUCKERSON 
Great invention!. I saw this holder on an RV program on HGTV and fell in love with the fact that you have a spoon rest attached to it. Besides being 
Nice knife divider, poor cutting board. Knife divider is good quality & convenient design. The cutting board, on the other hand, was only 3 wide! How do you use something 
Filter. This was a one on one replacement for an original that lasted over 10 years. The product works well and our experience lasts a long time  
A great addition to your set. This Shun knife like all the others is a terrific high quality blade. They are perfect! I hate to use the term Balanced in 
Good Size and Product. I use these for condiments rather than just putting ketchup and such on the plate. They work very well, and have a nice feel and heft 
CAN T LIVE WITHOUT. FOR COOKING OR GRILLING, MY HUSBAND THINKS THIS IS THE BEST! This is a replacement--have used for 2 years with great satisfaction.  
Hide-A-Bee. This is one of the best dog toys ever! From the time I took it out of the boxthis morning, my Buddy hasn t stopped playing with it. I 
My dog travek safe. Hi there!. I am very gald for this product, I had problems when I travel with my dog by car, because she is a restless pet, 
Awesome Space Heater. I purchased this space heater for my appartment late in 2006 when the temperatures in California threatened to go below 32F. It arrived quickly, and I found 
Can t beat the price, good and sturdy. Hey, for a &quot;put it together yourself, comes in a box deal&quot; this cabinet is far better than the cost! Easy to 
Works great. Never had one that has worked this well. Plus you don t have to peal the garlic. Buying some as stocking stuffers for family and friends  
Silverstone Cookie Pans. I got exactly what I expected. Great for cookies but do not use metal utinsils for removing food from these pans as it will ruin the surface 
This Gadget is the Bomb!!. I just got my PB200 and we ve been blending and grinding the heck out of everything! This little gadget is AWESOME!! We ve made 
CorningWare 23-oz French White Oval Dish. You cannot find this size at any local stores Bed, Bath & Beyond, Linens and Things . It fits perfectly into our toaster oven, 
Refill me up. When I bought my Cork Pops Corkpopper, I should have bought these at the same time. Somy suggestion is to do what I did not. Especially if 
Batteries work as they should. I paid 6.99 at a local pet store, plus tax which isn t bad. 4.99 is a good price but these shipping rates are way 
Roll N Clean- Super Job. I love this box, it saves me time and money. I did find that the heavier the litter the more it will come out when 
good for the price. these sheet a great for the price. Keep in mind they a partially polyester so ruff feet tend to snag the sheets, althought they look great 
Does a good job. We had a bare bones toaster oven for years that was falling apart. This Hamilton Beach looks good, works well, and is a nice size. It 
Nice!. It s great for the price. So far so good. Heats water fast, light weight  
My Husky loves Jakks splush toys. I have a young Siberian Huskey who LOVES to chew. He has ripped holes is many of this stuffed animals, except he has yet 
Oster 4-Slice Toaster Oven. I really am satified with the toaster oven. It a great toaster and if you bake cookies that timer is super. I am glad I brought 
Best pan ever. I bought the 13 inch skillet after purchasing the quart sauce pan. Absolutely the best I have ever had. The instructions, yes, do read them, tell you 
Cotton Steen Duvet. For the money you can t beat this duve  
Excellent knife. Being in need of a new chef s knife, did some research and found this one. It works extremely well for me. It s the perfect size and 
Finally...the right pillows!. Every morning my husband and I would wake up with neck, back and shoulder pain and stiffness. I knew it was from our pillows not supporting our 
Dirt Devil Forever. After purchasing a second home with tile floors and carpet, we looked at several different brands of smaller vacuums. We have experience with the Dirt Devil Breeze 
beautiful and functional. I had never owned a Wilton Armetale product before, but I was fortunate to win two of these small rectangular trays. I soon bought several more. I 
Best thing since sliced bread... sorry! . Had to say that. This toaster does a good job, I especially like the bagel setting which toasts a bagel to a crispy 
Definately worth the money. I have had this coffee maker for about 10 years now! I use it everyday. It makes a great cup of coffee! I have bought cheaper 
fiesta periwinkle 494 7-inch covered butter dish. I received my butter dish in a very timely fashion & very well packaged too. The product is wonderful & it s being 
Works on Litter Box Odors. We have four cats and four cat litter boxes in a small, enclosed space. We placed one Smellkiller next to the cat boxes in the 
Yep it s another one of them. This isn t the first one I ve owned. In general, they work just fine for a year or so and the themstat 
no streaks!. This is the only one that I have found that works for stainless appliances. It does not leave streaks. In general, I would say that if you have 
Nice, bright colors!. I bought these to decorate some dia de los muertos skulls with icing. The Ateco food coloring gave nice bright, vibrant colors and mixed with the icing 
nice item. This is a killer machine. it is a little noisey but well worth the small inconvience. I have been using this for three weeks and am lovin i 
Nice addition to home. I am very happy with my purchase. I found it easy to unpack and assemble. For the price compared to other similar items this is a 
Great, Multipurpose. I have these and love them. I m glad I didn t waste my time with some look-alikes I saw. These are the same quality as the rest 
YUM--who knew juice could be so good without the can!. My daughter has been watching infomercials again, and decided we had to have a juicer. I priced them for a 
Great product. No smell. Pet can urinate on it all day without the need for changing the pad. The pad absorbs all of the liquid and there is no odor. 
Very Happy and Suprised. The 3 way feature is very nice, very easy to assemble and sturdy. This lamp doesn t lean or rock when touched. I am actually on 
More than Oxo promotes !!. This is marketed as a utensil holder BUT it has a very important and salient feature .... THE BOTTOM SNAPS OFF FOR EASY SANITARY CLEANING. 
Feliway diffuser does work. I only gave it 4 stars because, well, I never give anything 5 stars. I have three cats and didn t believe the hype either, but 
Scooba Clorox Floorwashing Solution. This solution is the only one that s to be used in the Scooba; fortunately, it does a nice job and leaves a mild, fresh scent.After 
Excellent Product. From the ease of use to the ease of cleanup, this is an excellent Deep Fryer. It heats up in less than 15 min and the easy oil 
Great kitchen tool. This has and always will be a great tool for the kitchen. With the attachments it is useful for almost everything.  
I love it!. This toaster oven is perfect. I have had this oven for about 6 months and had enjoyed cooking meals in the summer months without heating up the 
Nice Set. It s a great set for the price. They withstand our many dishwasher sessions without losing their shine. The only gripe is if Oneida can embed a GPS 
A great allergy zapper!. It s hard to find this filter locally, much easier on line. It arrived swiftly in perfect condition  
Works great - first use needs to be done carefully. The reason the previous reviewer had trouble was probably because he she turned on the shower full power before allowing 
toaster. The toaster was a gift to my fiance. She absolutely loved it. Delivery was prompt and there was no damage in shipping. This is a heavy-duty industrial strength, restaurant 
Great small refrigerator. Bought this to replace a very old Sanyo to get more efficiency and cheaper operation. This is a wonderful small refrigerator with plenty of room inside plus 
Excellent. Way cheaper than some of the other models. Stands up to frequent use, easy to use, doesn t leak or make a mess. Tastes great and I m extremely 
Great sharpener. Works great on most knifes. If you have cheap knives, you can not get a good bevel edge on the blade. Would recommend to anyone  
Ultimate use. Let s face it, you make an effort to have your home clean and coordinated. Nice furniture and practical book shelves. But you do not live alone; there 
Perfect name for a perfect shredder slicer!!!. Afetr reading the reviews, I was still a little skeptical and thought could shredding cheese really be that easy? Well it s easy, 
Sango Nova Blue Ceramic Spoon Rest. Great! I love it!! Goes great with my kitchen  
WOW!! THIS IS GREAT STUFF!. I found & purchased this pan at the beginning of September when there was only one review for all of the pieces. I wanted to 
nice coat rack. It s a nice coat rack for the money.It was exactly as described. Very easy to assemble.But I did find it for a bit less in a 
Excellent cookware. Very stylish and great to cook with. For the price, you can t beat it  
Great value, attractive piece. I had no trouble with this item, either with shipping damage or ease of assembly. The finish is a bit coarse - don t buy if 
Go with the Brand Name!. Over the years, I have had many vacuums that took bags for dust and dirt collection. Now most vacuums have dust cups. My little hand-held 
foolproof sharpening. After manually sharpening knives for many years, it is rather embarrasing to admit that this clever system does a much better job than I have ever achieved manually 
Wine Corkscrew and a Bottle Opener. This product was shipped immediately. I have used this about 4-5 times in the last couple weeks and have no cause for complaint. It 
Great pressure cooker despite broken handle . I was so impatient to receive this pressure cooker, so imagine my disappointment when it arrived with a handle broken in about 4 
Nice wash cloth, but beware, price is for one wash cloth only!. I just ordered two of these cloths on July 21, 2006, thought I was getting 2 2-packs of 
Doggie Door bell. Easy to use. Our dog learned how to use it reliably in a couple of days. No directions came with it, we called our trainer and asked 
Great Deal!. Fabric is thick, soft & cuddly--especially for the price I received one free with my matching duvet cover. The color I selected, Milk , was a soft white, 
Twist that garlic!. This was an impulse purchase, but I use it almost every day. Smash the cloves with the cover to remove the skins, then drop the cloves I 
Well built, but instructions a little lacking. My wife needed a quality cart for use at work, and this certainly fills the bill. It is well constructed and should provide 
Hypo-allergenic cookware!. I am allergic to nickel, and dietary nickel is a significant issue for me. Soon after appearing as a major hospital s grand-rounds dermatology poster child about 20 
My cats haven t moved this fast in years!. I ordered this feeder after much deliberation. After all, some of the reviews shown here aren t exactly glowing. But with 
Perhaps the perfect serving bowl. I use this to serve pasta dishes and all sorts of salads. It is high quality, the perfect size, and cleans very easily. It s 
works, just a tad bit noisy. works well, puts out good heat and doesnt get too hot for kids touching it with the larger surface area of the fins. only 
Better than Pampered Chef. I know many people that swear by their Pampered Chef baking stones. Wanting to see what all the fuss is about, I looked into getting one 
GREAT bowl at a GREAT price 2.25. it is very functional, from table top - frig. - microwave and even to oven  
wonderful. I have never write review for the product I have bought, however, I really satisfied with this one and couldn t keep quite.I bought this at 30 which is 
So Great-. Such a great gift, the reaction achieved from the recipient can not be compared to the price of the item  
Very Professional. Showed up on time, with a cold pack, wraped in a box and a phone number to contact and the person who inspected it. Very nicely done  
Nice Lamp...even better value. I am very happy with this lamp. Good looking and what a value. I am one happy customer  
Popcorn Lover. We love this popcorn popper! I have a large family and it makes a large amount of popcorn at one time with very few unpopped kernals!I highly recommend 
Nice appliance!. Good grinder. I have used it since I got it and it works to my expectations, which, by the way, is not that of a professional butcher. I 
Works Fine. We have used this adapter with our portable refrigerator 24 7 since receiving it. It works fine and appears not to get to hot  
comfy, but small. It s smaller than my other pillows. And it s not meant to be like a Tempurpedic pillow or anything. My girlfriend is really the one that 
Perfect decanter. I absolutely love this decanter. I have had two others--one very expensive, one inexpensive, both without handles. While very elegant, they were a nightmare to clean and pour. 
Gentle yet effective. Very pleased with the results I have recived with this product. It is a effective way to break a small dog of a bad habit that could 
Cool utensil crock!. I don t like those cutsie utensil crocks with little pale prints of flowers, roosters, fruits and things like that. Also don t like those made out 
Unbelievably wonderful. After using my Roomba for a year and loving it, I decided to splurge and buy Scooba. Wow! I think I love it even more than my Roomba! 
Met all my expectations. Nikko Ceramics Christmastime All-Purpose Bowls were exactly as promised - new and in the box. They were received in a timely manner.  
butter dish review. Beautiful but the directions dont tell you exactly what the measurements are for adding the water,and the dish doesn t hold that much butter  
drink longer. these glasses are perfect for keeping drinks colder or warmer and the best part is you don t feel the temperture on the outside nor do you have 
4 out of 5. this is my second mirror and it works great, i thought i would use the microscopic part of the mirror, i mean i used it to 
A Hit!. I have two and used them on the table for the holidays and they were A Hit. I put plain butter in one and fruited butter in the 
Cheap and Easy. This little treasure is one of the best buys ever - it s simple to use, cleans up easily, and well worth the small amount you ll 
Best Mop on the Market!. This is the best mop I have ever used on my floors. It is so easy, and swivels around every nick and cranny. I use 
Don t buy. Edit: 6 23 06After using this wok for a year, the non-stick coating has degraded. The wok smokes quite heavily when it is being pre-heated without oil, 
Quality!!!. If you want to save energy Electricty or Natural Gas and have a cooking vessel that will give you many years of excellent service, buy this Stock Pot ... 
Upgrade from Cuisinart Grind & Brew. We ve used the Cuisinart Grind & Brew for over 8 years, but recently decided we needed an upgrade! After searching and reading reviews 
be afraid -- be VERY afraid if you re a pizza! . it s BIGit s SHARPhoweverit s CONSIDERATE, i.e., it s not as heavy or as unwieldy as it 
Good Contour Pillow. It takes a good two or three months to figure out if a pillow is doing the right job. It has been five months and I am 
Great Company!. We bought this blender over a year ago and used it without complaint several times a week. Never smelled burned rubber. Then all of a sudden it stopped 
Great Replacement!. I accidentally broke the pot on my coffee maker. The Krups replacement carafe was easily found on Amazon. I tried some other sites and got nothing but confusion, 
THE BEST PILLOW EVER!!. Really, this pillow is perfect in every way. I have had neck pain so long i lost track. I found this on amazon, ordered 2 and 
ITS HIP TO BE SQUARE. These beautiful square dishes were the inspiration for my purchase of a complete service for 12 plus serving pieces. I love them! They have a 
Wonderful sheets!. I saw these sheets and couldn t believe the price so I grabbed them up. There are so soft and feel so good. I love the 100 cotton 
AVANTI 12 Bottle wine cooler. I was always fascinated by thermo-electric devices using the Peltier effect of layering two dissimilar metals together and applying air movement such as a small 
Zen. this was a gift for my niece - she just loved it. It was a great company to deal with.Thanks  
Dyson Really Sucks. Of course, it is a vacuum so that is what it is supposed to do. I am very pleased with this product and impressed by its performance. 
Fantastic ice cream scooper. My wife and I purchased the black model of this item 4 years ago. We have used the scooper on average once a week and absolutely 
Great, but not necessary. This machine is outstanding, however this is just a silver-metalic version of the E8, which is less expensive. They both do anything and everything you would 
Your Honey Syrup is now taken care of. This is great, it is very easy to clean, just put it in the dishwasher. You never have to worry about getting 
Best Pillow for those with heavy heads. I love this pillow. Always had problems with pillows going flat too fast. This pillow has tons of support without being hard. I 
Pricey but good. Stay away from the cheapies. This one is pricey, and is the only reason why I couldn t rate it higher. As a teacher, my wife uses 
1950 s alive in your home. We bought two Santas and two Pacconi christmas trees when they were on a steep discount at Amazon--they were the best gifts we gave, 
emile henry pie plate. Beautiful dish, better than I expected. I purchased it as a gift. Amazon had the best price, delivery was free and the pie plate arrived promptly 
Cristal D Arques Longchamp Iced Tea. Good product. Gave it a 4 star rating instead of a 5 star because the glasses are a little less heavy thick as the 
New dishes. Actually I have purchased 4 sets of the Fiesta. I needed a fresh look and new dishes. Based on past experience Fiesta was the logical choice.Nice dishes, microwave 
A Wondeful Vacuum - My First Impression. I have been contemplating purchasing a new vacuum for some time to replace a Kirby that I ve owned for 27 years. Actually, 
My cat really LOVES this toy. Seriously. The catnip inside plus the crackle noise it makes when she chews on it make it like crack to her  
Grandmother s stool, come back in style!. My Grandmother had one of these in her kitchen and it was always my favorite place to climb up and sit at her 
Works good . . . . . . but only lasts about a year  
I m Chopping Up a Storm!. Just got this yesterday and didn t realize I basically spent an entire hour chopping up all of the veggies cheese fruit in my 
Great Space Saver. This is an amazing way to grow tomatoes. I bought one last year and had an abundance of tomatoes. It is easy to set up and easy 
Not completely silent, but is POWERFUL! and quieter than most. This filter works. It s very powerful and moves A LOT of water. Great biological filtration with the sponge that 
Foolproof. Makes perfect waffles everytime. Love the look and the taste of the waffles  
Close but not quite!. I really like most of this corkscrew. It is a nice sturdy base and that makes it easy to leverage the cork out of the bottle, 
Stainless Steel Deep Fryer. In a word: Incredible! Perfect fried chicken, egg rolls and carnitas. Easy clean-up  
best buy. my mother gave me some of these from her wedding gift when I first set up house.....I am still using them and not only that, they are by 
great buy!. when I bought these they were 19.99 with super saver shipping. I love these sheets they are so smooth nice weight material and no piling so far.They have 
White Mini Electric Kettle. I d used these kinds of kettles when traveling abroad. Usually hotel rooms in the U.K. and Asia have these instead of coffee pots. The water 
Great Chair!!. This is a great chair, and especially at this price. I bought one a year ago and paid more, and thought I got a good deal, then I 
Great sheets!. I am very happy with the quality of these sheets. They are soft and warm and fit the bed perfectly  
Home Cafe brews a great cup of coffee!. I wouldn t trade my Home Cafe for any other coffee maker. Ease of use, quality of coffee and the fact that 
Another Great Tasty Paste. All 3 of our dogs love the various vitamin-enriched tasty pastes available through Kong. Although they loved to chew on their Kongs before, we found that 
Lasts forever!. I always loved the original Fiestaware that my Grandma had.I was very happy when the new line came out.I purchased my first placesettings at least 8 years ago 
Great item, extremely flexible!. I just ordered this item because I was sick of not being able to make a rue in my new nonstick Emeril pans since I didn 
Great!. This is the best knives set!!! Love the handles. They do not slip. I had done some research and found that this was the best price compared to retail... 
Like the festive colors.. Enjoy the different colors, able to mix and match to suit moods or food being served. They seem to wear well and be chip resistant. The 
Great Product. Factory original chargers. Excellent quality and all worked flawless. I tried cheaper knock-offs and some did not work. I used about 75 of these over the past few 
I am in love!. Well, I must tell you, I totally adore this knife! It is my best friend in the kitchen and I use it pretty much for every 
product met all my expectation. this product works very well and arrived in excellent condition. I recommend it highly - much cheaper than those sold in stores  
This Baby Is Incredible!!. I would certainly highly recommend this juicer to anyone! It is stylish, sleek,easy to clean, and has plenty of power to handle anything. I feel sorry 
A marriage made in culinary Heaven. Stainless steel looks great, cleans up great but cooks poorly. That s why Revere makes these pots and pans with stainless steel on the 
A beautiful glass. Nice glass through and through. Featherlite, balanced, remains well balanced when filed with wine. Kudos to Amazon for a speedy replacement of a broken stem  
Very Nice Set!. The only reason I didnt give this set another star is because I havent actually tried them yet but they are fantastic looking, seem very durable and 
Good product. This beats doing it manually. Does not provide the original cut when first bought, but for just secs to sharpen knife it is well worth the investment. Still 
Hoover WindTunnel Vacuum. Nice vacuum for the price. The filter has to be cleaned regularly to maintain the strong pick-up power but as long as you clean it after every 
It s perfect. The stool fits under my kitchen table and is easy to move around. I bought this stool for my 3 year old grandson, he pulls it up 
WORKS LIKE A CHARM. VERY EASY TO INSTALL ONLY FOUR SCREWS AT THE BOTTOM OF THE STAND NEEDS NO TECHNICAL EXPERTISE TO INSTALL. I RECENTLY PURCHASED TWO OF THIS FAN 
Perfection!. This product is perfect for keeping pots and pans from scratching our new stainless steel sink. Rubber feet are great for protecting the sink as well  
I use Portmeirion everyday, all year. The latest piece that I ve used is this roaster. I baked 6 enchiladas in it at 350 and they turned out very well. 
10-ounce mug. We have had a set of eight of these in Sea Mist and have used them for morning coffee for several years. They will sit on Fiestaware saucers 
My search is over. My search is over. I have been looking for this chair for years. I remember having one when I was a child and loved it except 
Pricey but worth it!. Child sized sliverware is nearly impossible to find. I looked all over before I found this set. We love it! It s perfect for my daughter 
very happy with Deni convection oven. we ve used convection ovens foryears and have gone through several, from plastic bowls to glass. we are very happy with this oven, which 
Another beautiful line of dishes from Pfaltzgraff. What a beautiful combination of colors! The unique shapes and colors make these dishes truly collectible. They are of very high quality and 
perfect size. this can is the perfect size -i was looking for something like it and wasn t able to find in a brick & mortar store.you can totally use 
Just what I ordered!. I got the exact producted that I wanted, for the price that I thought it should be, in the time that I needed it. What more 
a classic. a great looking lamp for a great price! I bought 2 for family members and 2 for myself  
Thermal Carafe. This carafe is Great!!!!! We love coffee and bought it so we have extra coffee on the weekends without needing to make a new pot right away. Keeps 
Great for the Home theater Room. Got this for Christmas. Assembly of the cart can be tricky. Holes can be hard to line up for bolts.Not made for Heavy Duty 
Excellent with One Reservation. I just tested out the Callisto model Miele in my home. It is an exceptionally well-built and quiet vacuum. It was a dream to use on 
NOW THAT S GOOD WATER!!!. I JUST RECEIVED MINE THIS AFTERNOON AND IT TOOK MY BOYFRIEND LESS THAN 5 MINUTES TO INSTALL AND WAS SO EASY THAT I COULD HAVE 
 Hard-to-hang-on-to handle. I ve used this waffle iron about 10 times so far - for waffles, French toast or grilled sandwiches. It works fine. The only thing I don 
mind blowing. I was able to make some mind blowing whipped cream with these. It was so popular that I ran out and had to buy more  
going strong after five and a half years. I bought this grill as the G.E. version at WalMart in early 2001. I was looking for a Foreman grill, they were 
Great for toddlers. My son who just turned two really took well to this bed. He just loved it from the moment he got on it. He doesn t roll 
Nice Towel for the Money. This is an excellent bargain. I got exactly what I expected. It is not too big for wrapping my hair in, but big enough to 
Wonderful product. I have 2 black lab mix dogs littermates . They are now 2 years old. They didn t tell me when I got them that part of the 
beautiful!. Beautiful, good quality bowls. Heavy and thick, they won t break easily. Vibrant colors. I ll be buying more  
Love this Item. I am very pleased with this item and do not know why I have not used an electric skillet sooner. It cooks very fast and even and 
Works well, but is horribly overpriced!. It really does make a difference when some of the chlorine is filtered out of your coffee and even more so in your bourbon 
Dragonfly Shower Curtain. I am very pleased with my dragonfly shower curtain curtain. It is very well made and is exactly what I was looking for! I also purchaced the 
A great little work horse!. I love this little vacuum. I have ceramic tile floors and carpet. It does an excellant job on both. For those quick clean-ups when company 
WORKS GREAT. WE GOT INTO THE TRANSPORTATION BUSINESS AND NEEDED A SMALL FRIDGE TO KEEP DOWN THE COST OF FOOD.. WE HAVE USED THIS KOOLATRON ALMOST STEADY FOR A MONTH 
An exceptional value. In a word, WOW!! If you ve been looking all over for pans to replace those old beat up ones you got as a wedding present, look 
Worth the price. This is a large sized stone with a good non slip base. The honing surface is reasonably thick, and very uniform. A minute of honing will turn 
sleek design. i owned this granos for about 6 months until we lost our house to fire....this is really a unique looking machine...i also owned a capresso c1000 and jura 
What an incredible pan!. This is one of the best pans I have ever owned. The weight, heat distribution, finish, materials and feel are all excellent. I ve already noticed 
Not pretty, but works well. There isn t much you can say about a sharpening steel. It sharpens well, and is extremely fine for keeping already sharp blades at their 
Perfect for the mobile solo coffee drinker. I ve used this product for 15 - 20 years since my wife is not a coffee drinker and I love it. It 
Great Mixer !!!. I bought the mixer as a Birthday present for my wife. She had one about 20 years ago, and somehow it got misplaced over the years. She 
Perfect!. This paper towel holder is perfect for our country kitchen; it s simple, functional, very easy to use, and would look as lovely in 1807 as it does today; 
Worth it. This system is definitely worth purchasing. The 180 ft. diameter safe-area is plenty big enough...and we live on 5 acres. Would definitely recommend  
excellent and warm. it was great for the price and keeps you nice and snugly. you will have to use it for a bout a week to break it in 
Great measuring cups. I really like these measuring cups. They are sturdy, solid and have long handles, which are nice for keeping your hands out of whatever it is you 
Henckels vs. Henckels International. Looks like there are three kinds of Henckels knives on the market: the ultra expensive kind which don t have the word International tacked onto the 
Roasted Garlic Express. If you like roasted garlic, this is the kitchen aid for you. I was not sure what to expect when I purchased this item on Amazon. I 
perfect just as described. item shipped lightening fast! In perfect condition! just as describe  
large enamel bowl set. These R great, I M so tired of buying bowls and finding them broken when I move. I move often and these won t break so 
Does a fantastic job. Hubby uses it for his pancakes. We have had this for about five years and still going strong  
makes fantastic toast but doesn t match my stand mixer. This toaster makes the most evenly cooked toast I have ever seen. Even better than my 4 slot Cuisinart toaster. 
A very good hand blender. We bought this hand blender to get rid of the problems created by the power cord on our Braun corded hand blender. The Cuisinart took 
Excellent Baking Sheet. I use these to bake batches of cookies and its so easy to clean. I like the size of the sheet; I can fit 4 of them 
Good for 90 of edge. I live a very sharp knife but usually don t have the time to do it right on my Razor s Edge Stone system. This 
Excellent Magazine Rack. This is a simple but well made magazine rack ideal for tight spaces. It is constructed of chrome-plated steel. It is intended to be mounted on a 
Makes cooking much more interesting. Terrific bargain for value and price. Good quality cookware makes for cheerful cooking. Besides a good book from Amazon, a good tool like this cookware 
Art or Tool?. Is there a better measuring cup? It is ergonomic--soft rubber handle, read from above and all that. But look at the design. This cup should be in 
Excellent services, fast shipping. I didn t pay close attention to the Ad just looked at the picture only so I bought the item without knowing that was the wrong 
NICE PAN. WELL MADE, WELL DESIGNED CAST IRON SKILLET. WILL LAST FOREVER FOR UNDER 10 BUCKS  
Screwpull, Screwpull, Screwpull - the only thing for corks!. I have used most of their products over the years - from the original turn corkscrew to the really expensive lever 
nice pan. Look like great pans, perfect size. No sticky clean up from packaging  
Cool Looking Blender. Love that it comes with two jars and blades. Makes great margaritas. Does well with baby food too  
Excellent appliance for the price. I m giving this convection toaster 5 stars based on it s performance at it s price range and class. You can spend 3-4 times 
Great little vaccuum. I purchased this vaccuum just to use on the hard floor surfaces in my home. And it is great for picking up food crumbs and hair off 
Fiercely sharp, yet light and elegant. The Global 5 knife set features the standard lightweight, ultra sharp knives which make the Global name famous. The addition of a knife dock 
The only thing you can hurt are the handles. I am not a person who normally gets excited about spatulas but these are amazing. They are flexible enough to get 
The Best Espresso Maker I have Ever used! Worth the Price. I have used De Longi and Mr. Coffee Espresso makers but the Villa Ware is the best one yet. 
NOT a saucier. This is not a saucier. This is a stock pot with a shallow radius between the bottom and the vertical sides.But is is a great pan! Even 
Cork puller for the weak. My 82 year old aunt can now open a wine bottle because the Vacu Vin requires minimal physical strength -- the only I have found 
Cuisinart does it again!. I have owned a Cuisinart roaster since 1961 and still use it! I wanted to purchase a new set of pans, and after looking at other 
Lovely Pillows. There s not much to say that others haven t. Just that these pillows are wonderful and a great deal! I m very happy with the purchase  
Retro Chair. My kitchen has a center bar that is difficult for my granddaughters to reach. With the step stools they can get themselves up and down which is important 
Good enough that we bought a second one. When the first one died after 12 years of use, we replaced it with the same model. Very reliable, good quality and 
Cute Baking Set. This set makes a great gift. It includes everything kids need to make cookies - cutters, mixes, a rolling pin, apron, etc. My daughter loves having her 
High Quality and Great Price. This is a high quality pan, with a nice heavy weight to it - not at all flimsy. I wanted to get one like my 
Excellent quality value. This is a sturdy, handy, and small corkscrew that also comes equipped with a bottle opener and a foil cutter. Its size is excellent to keep at 
Nice design. I like the design and handling of this spoon. It is a little bit shorter than average but that doesn t bother me. It is comfortable in the 
presto 6003 cooker. wonderful,versatile product. have some problems with the magnetic electrical connection easily disconects  
I love it!. My sofa was new, until my male cats decided they wanted to break it in. I tried everything to get them to stop. Tried SSSCAT and it 
Makes Great Coffee. I bought this Braun coffeemaker recently because my husband was convinced that a cone shaped filter makes better coffee than the cupcake shaped filter. We already had 
Worth every penny... I was sick and tired of vacuuming and dusting, only to find a film of dust on the furniture in a couple of days. So, I threw 
Pike Street Flannel sheets. Great flannel sheets. Having elastic around the entire length of the bottom sheet keeps it around the mattress much better than sheets with just elastic corners 
Royal velvet legacy european white goose down comforter. I like the comforter there is just a little bit of clumping in the corner. Other than that it is comfortable  
This product works. Ordered this for my wife who has been upset at cats digging in flower bed. She had tried seemingly every deterrent to no avail - granules, chemicals, 
Great Little Ramekins. This are great for just about anything. I have used them for holding side dishes, creme brule and other foods. The blue looks great and helps to 
PIP SQUEAKS DONKEY DOG TOY. MY DOG LOVES IT, BUT I MUST ADMIT I THINK MY MOTHER LOVES IT MORE  
So soft!. It is delightful to curl up in such a soft, wonderful feeling blanket  
brilliant gadget at a reasonable price. This has become one of the heavily used items in my kitchen. I love poached eggs, and this cooker provides perfect ones in a 
Great product !!. Twixit clips are a wonderful product. They are extremely practical and very useful for all types of packages. I hope you continue to carry them. Everyone I 
Alot Of Bang For The Buck!. I have to AC 500 s and there great. One is about 4 years old the other is 2 years old. Very quiet, moves 
Square Cuisinart PrepBoard. These are my favorite cutting boards. Cuisinart makes 3 cutting prep boards, round, square and rectangle. I bought them in a set all together, I use at 
Very nice. This sham is really nice. It s very soft and comfortable for sleeping. I was surprised how nice it was.  
Sturdy, durable, smoothe. These are very nice and handle at least 375 degrees in the oven. They clean-up very nicely with dishwashig soep, the dishwasher, or use some Barkeeper s 
Cuisinart Heart Shaped Waffle Iron is a Sweetheart. This is just what we wanted: light-weight and easy to clean  
Better than the LitterMaid!. I had a LitterMaid electric litterbox but couldn t afford to keep buying the plastic litter containers. My 2 cats would fill one up a day! 
What a surprise!. This comforter was DEFINITELY worth the money. I couldn t believe the quaility for the price. I lost a few feathers, but it is great  
Great Chairs. I was a little sceptical about buying chairs online but I was pleasantly surprised to find how nice they were when I received them. They are really nice 
I Love Franciscan Apple Dishes!. When I was a young woman, my next door neighbors were a large family. The mother, an artist, was very beautiful, gracious, and gentle. I 
Handy Dandy. I bought this knife for my husband for Christmas. We ve had another santoku knife for awhile and use it all the time. This 5 size is a 
I love this machine. I have had the Futura for about 6 months. I have used it numerous times with few problems. My mother-in-law spent nearly 3000 on a Bernina 
THE BEST!!!. I bought a few of these collars out of desperation. In the past, my cats got out of any kind of safety collar within an hour of putting 
do I need it?. i bought it, because my girlfriend is scared about big knives. and its sharp, has a nice handling and so tiny.......so i barley use it, by 
Simply a great design. I have a kitchen full of gadgets and most my wife just rolls her eyes about but the first time she used this she couldn t 
Very good product. Tried product on myself before using it with our 1 year old dog, would not suggest using higher levels, 5 was enough for me. We only had 
Best so far!. So far I have been very happy with my Zo. I agree with others about the low baking temp...on med., my bread was much lighter than expected, 
Great tool for keeping your decanters clean and clear. This is a great tool for drying your decanters so that you do not end up with any film from water 
excellent size for pasta dishes. Purchased this as a set with the four small bowls,love it.just the right size for pasta or salads.Wonderful color and of course the quality that 
Good value for 80. This is a nice looking coverlet, a good value. I bought the Amethyst and it looks a little darker than the picture. A standard coverlet, nothing 
The BEST mug in the world, you will fall in love with it!. It s amazing how much I love this mug. I know it s just a mug, but 
Makes your house smell REALLY clean!. My wife and I really enjoy our Ionic Breeze 3.0 air purifier. We own a fairly small condominium downtown in D.C. and this unit 
Just what I was looking for. Tried several vacuums, shop vacs, uprights, cheap ones and expensive ones. The Miele S4210 was just the thing I needed. Very powerful and works 
OXO Good Grips Seafood Picks - Multiple uses. I bought my first set of OXO godd grips seafood picks during a visit at the Culinary Institute in Napa, Cal. We 
like it. not too soft, but seems to be pretty heavy quality. purpley burgundy color with purpley scrolls on i  
Does all the work for me... So I had been using my grandmothers old Sunbeam stand mixer. You know, the type where you had to spin the bowl and constantly 
The real path to razor sharp. I bought this stone to detail the edge of the new set of Calphalon forged kitchen knives that I recently purchased. I have used 
Annoying to get working but flawless thereafter. I purchased this item for use while on vacation for simple switching of lights in the house. It was somewhat difficult to get 
No more burned pizza!. I don t know why I waited so long to buy a baking stone. No more burned pizza, does great with rolls too!  
Petmate Deluxe Fountain. Absolute lifesaver! My cat would only drink directly from the sink or a water bottle. Now I don t have to keep running water going in the 
Perfect. I ordered these sheets for my daughter s dorm room. They are soft, have great style and fit the dorm mattress great  
Good set for spare bed. Color a little dingier than pictured. For our spare room the set is fine, good price. Soft, nice weight  
Amazing Power Unleashed. This was the first time in many years that I purchased a new hand held mixer. I did not know what to expect as my old hand 
Good Product compare to others but could be even better. Great product, my wife loves it since she can remove plates and put in dishwasher. The plates are not great 
essential kitchen tool--don t cook without it. Oh, I can t tell you how happy I am to have this well-made honing steel--it feels so good that I don t 
Great Toaster. I love this toaster, Hamilton Beach is my new fav brand. I have been through many ugly toasters that looked worn in about a week and this one 
Paid for itself in less than a month. I was paying almost 5 at Starbucks for Vanilla Lattes, now I can make them at home, and they taste practically the 
Can t live without it!!!. Gave this gift to my mom and she has arthritis. It has made life a little easier. very pleased  
Love them!. As another person said, the small one is small but good enough for two people. As for the larger one, it is a great size! Especially for brownies! 
Great Match. Even when I bought the Fiestawere Cinnabar creamer I loved it right away, but to order the Cinnabar Covered Suger Bowl from a nother seller and have them 
Cast Iron: Heavy, Versatile and You ll Love It!. I like to cook in a variety of ways: stovetop, oven, grill and campfire. There is only one type of pan 
Works Well, Cheap, Easy to Clean. I ve had mine for a while and use them frequently in the kitchen. Handles heavy work such as cutting up raw chickens. Is 
For a fast breakfast. This is very easy to use. It poaches two eggs in about 1 minute and the cleaning is a snap if you do it right away. 
dog treats. All the dogs on my Christmas list took this & ran. They loved i  
Very Satisfied Customer!. We have used the NordicWare 10-inch Micro-Go-Round for so many years that I can hardly remember being without it. It has been great for rotating the food 
Awesome Furniture!. Hello. It is my pleasure to recommend this piece of furniture to anyone. I have had the desk for two years now with the hutch and love it. 
excellent deal, excellent product. The Authentis collection easily rivals the Riedel Vinum collection, with which it competes. Why? Price. You don t need me to tell you. Even without the 
Red Tea Pot. This is a beautiful tea pot! It is a good size - neither too big nor too small. I didn t know what the steep part of 
Excellent Product. I was a little hesitant to believe that this air pot could keep liquids hot for a long period of time. I did a test at home before 
Fantastic pan. I bought the 3 quart hard anodized pan when it was on sale during Christmas. My plan was to try it out and buy the five quart sauteuse 
Perfect for travel!. My husband is an airline pilot and his coffee is very important to him! He takes his own brand of coffee with him and packs this french 
LOVE THIS TOASTER!. If you want the retro look and a super toaster.....this is the one for you. Toasts perfectly and looks great! I ve had it about 4 months 
Well made and simple to use, ideal for the hot sandwich enthusiast. I bought this kitchen gadget three years ago, and I am very happy with my purchase.I use it 
Feliway is GREAT!. This stuff stopped my cat from peeing all over the furniture, which started after bringing a new cat into my home. Also spraying it on furniture the 
Oval Vegetable Bowl. What a beautiful bowl -- I love the Tea Rose design by Pfaltzgraff! I liked it so much that I ordered a second one! This seller sends 
Very Effective in Reducing Pollen. Live in Southern CA where Spring brings me terrible allergy symptoms. Unit greatly reduces my symptoms - as effective as medication. My wife also indicates 
Don t know what they re talking about. Our gas bill for heating our trailer was 300 a month, here in Wisconsin for the last 3 months. We bought TWO 
Anonomous. Absolutely FAB!!! Shiny-bright stainless steel, matches Frieling French Press, and any other stainless tableware countertop items perfectly! Just the right size for serving a table of 4 or so...of 
Exactly What I Was Hoping For!. This lamp and the other floor lamp with the Mica shade are both beautiful in our living room. Elegance, soft glow, and reading light 
convenient to clean. The best thing about this is that the coffee filter thing lifts easily out with zero hassle. The coffee pot itself has a nice rubberized handle for 
Excellent Value. At about 11 per piece, this is an excellent value. These pieces are not seconds-- the plates and bowls all stack evenly. Everything was well packed and it 
pretty swell if you re looking for a butter dish!. I think all fiestaware products are keen and my transaction with beanibec was smooth, fast and professional!I ll probably buy 
Great Pan for the price. I have only used this a few times but for 22 bucks it s well worth the money. It s very sturdy and perfect size 
Great. My cats love this. The moving water actually helps cool it off which my cats prefer. Since buying it 8 months ago, both of my cats have ceased drinking 
Fantastic!. We were looking for a new coffee maker, so my husband researched on consumer reports and found the Bodum - they said it makes the best coffee and they 
As Advertised!. I bought this item after reading a glowing review in Wine Spectator magazine. I love it. It is low cost, works great, and is very easy to operate, 
Can t beat a good skillet. I had purchased this on a whim. I was browsing Amazon and noticed that the 10 1 2 skillet was on sale. Knowing that 
Great Stuff. Better than any alternative I ve found. I ve tried the vacuum pump things and they are about as good at preserving wine as they are at increasing 
Exactly what I needed. Yep, I had some 20-year-old Revere Ware pots and this steamer fit my 2 qt pan with no problem. And the lid from the pan fit 
Hate changing pots mid-meal?. Finally they ve come out with an improved Crock Pot. They ve always been fabulous, but you still had to brown your meat in a pot 
I have 3. The Beriner is not the perfect mandoline but it is more useful, for more tasks than the large french mandoline I also have. It is light, easily 
Beautiful and bombproof. Fed up with chipped rims and not being able to microwave them, I decided it was time to replace my Crate & Barrel stoneware with something more 
Best Scale for weighing food and monitoring calories. The Polder 932-00 Pocket Size Digital Scale is great for monitoring the calories you eat. I have purchased other scales and returned 
I love my new Fiestaware!. These are great dishes. I ve had no problems. I m collecting a place setting in each color and they look fabulous. Do try to 
Nice little item to have around... Well, what can really be said about this item... it s a bag clip, and it s white. It s large, designed for bigger 
Love It!. We ve had the dehumidifier for two weeks and it has seriously helped our bathroom. You can t beat the price and the free shipping. It does a 
Very pleasing sheets!. Soft and very washable, no bleeding or fading - definitely color fast. A worthwhile product and highly recommended. Will certainly purchase these kinds of sheets again  
Very comfy but wrinkly sheets. When I first got these sheets for 19.99 I washed them. But when I pulled from the dryer they were stiff almost felt like canvas 
Beautiful and Great Quality!. This shower curtain is just beautiful and very well made. It looks wonderful in my son s bathroom with matching duckie mats and towels. I looked 
Best aquarium product. Cleaning my aquarium is much easier with this product and and the brass adapter is very durable and resists stripping  
exactly what I needed. Iced tea is essential to summer living in Texas. Our old pitcher cracked after long usage. I looked in all area stores for replacement pitchers- found 
Great for pasta, soups and stews. I got this because I saw Rachel use it on her food network show. I watched her show occasionally and I like her and 
Batali 6 Quart Italian Enamel on Cast Iron Essentials Pot, Persimmon. I really like this product, great to cook, to bake bread and even better to clean. Excellent price less 
Good as catnip!. Our cat was mesmerized by this video. At the very beginning, she didn t pay much attention, but then the video showed a cardinal, and her ears 
WORKS GREAT FOR A MANUAL JUICER. We were just experimenting, and discovered Wheat grass. So we now purchase the wheat grass by the flat. This Z-Star juicer works great. Its 
practical, sturdy - good value. A decent value for money, serves the purpose well as a basic decanter. Very sturdy, it has slipped in the sink a few times but 
Just what I was looking for, worth the price!. My dad loves crushed ice. He likes it crushed into bigger chunks than most crushers produce. He s tried a lot 
Magnetic Foil Cutter is Great!. The best thing about this foil cutter is the magnetic back - I had been looking for another one for 6 months! We just love 
It works well, however,. It seems a little too dry for the rice when I follwing the direction exactly. I have to add a little more volume of water. And 
Expensive but works well. I like the hands-free design. The linkage between the foot pedal and the lid seems a little loose and a bit flimsy but works ok so 
More Great Products From Kitchenaid. Man, this is a great peeler. It will be the last one you buy, so toss out all those old, cheap ones. I got this 
OXO Oven Mitt gets my OXOXO. I can FINALLY take things out of my oven without feeling the heat! This is a great oven mitt.  
Great!. This makes the BEST waffes, and it s perfect for a single person or couple because it only makes 2 at a time.I haven t tried making those pocket 
Great value. Decided to buy new pans for me and give old set to my daughter going away to college. I did a lot of research before purchasing...Amazon had the 
Rachael Ray 1-1 2 Quart Cast-Iron Fondue Set. I love this fondue set! It is the perfect size for our small family of three. It retains heat well, uses less 
Buck ba gock. I love the way this little timer looks sitting in my kitchen! He does fall apart into 2 pieces easily....if he dings his way of of the 
The best cutting board I ve ever owned. I ve owned this bamboo cutting board for a year, and it s simply amazing. Absolutely no warping, and almost no cutting 
Perfect all-around serving dish!. This dish is my favorite serving piece in my fiestaware! I already have it in seafoam. It is the perfect size, for Thanksgiving-size side dishes, everyday 
Good Stuff. I am very pleased with the Sagno Nova Brown Dinner Set. I have searched for similar dinner ware for quite awhile. After finding this and ordering, and seeing 
Good bang for your buck. A nice inexpensive and versatile pan, similar to other everyday models but this one has a glass lid and a nonstick interior. My first Caphalon 
Wonderful machine for the price; great tasting coffee!. First of all, let me say that, like the previous reviewer, I am not terribly into my foam ! I do, however, 
Beautiful. Received this as a wedding gift. Very nice detailed design. Thick glass, waterford is an excellent brand  
Good Product. It definitely works better than those ionic type filters. A little noisy, comparable to a fan  
LOVE HOMEMADE ICE CREAM. THE RIVAL 8550-X 5-QUART WOODEN ELECTRIC ICE CREAM MAKER WORKS VERY WELL AND IS REASONABLY PRICED. I TOTALLY RECOMMEND IT FOR THE HOME  
Clear panel area is nice. I like the idea of being able to see out of the shower curtain, yet have privacy below the clear panel.  
Beautiful Godlinger Glasses. The glasses are beautiful. I appreciate the way they were packed and all arrived in perfect condition. The price was fair and the FREE shipping made it 
Works Great!. This sweeper works great when you are trying to be quiet or just dont want to get out the big guns. Picks up those little things really well. 
Cat Discharges. So far so good - new house and no spraying problems for a month  
Steel Trivet for Table Top Use. I received the trivet in good condition in a timely manner. Will be used to protect a wooden table top from hot pot items 
Great addition!. This sets serving plate and serving bowl is perfect sized for a generous serving of food. The creamer and covered container are also well sized. Great finish to 
Cooking with gas. Now that I have this pan I really am cooking with gas. This is a great skillet for a lot of different meals that I prepare for 
highly recommended. I purchased this mill with the intentions of making baby food. So far it has worked great for banana puree, mango and other soft, ripe fruits. I would 
What a Delight to Use!!!. One of the joys of cooking is the delight that you bring to those lucky enough to eat at your table. But there is a 
Great. For one person who does not cook alot its ideal. Especially in a galley kitchen.  
great for small quantities; check your warranty terms. There s a lesson in this review: make sure to check with the warranty provider how long it takes to fix a 
What s The Problem?. I was really dispirited to read so many unhappy reviews about this product. Our groomer recommended and lent us this so we could try it out 
 7. The Ironing board slides up to open and slides down to close. Very nice.  
I love it!. I have had this for about a month and I have been using it everyday. The first time I used it it had an oder but it 
Great for a seecond room or bedroom. We have this in our bedroom and it is awesome. Ours is dead quiet, one of the reasons we love it, and puts 
Very Handy. We use these more than any other dishware items in our pantry. They go from the fridge to the microwave to the oven. Plus, they are indestructable, whether 
Brita will always get high marks from me. I have used Brita products for almost 20 years, and I love them. The only thing I used to hate was wasting 
Forget the recipe book. Spent over 80 bucks for the lovely lasagna pan. Yes, it s heavy, but it s a wonderful pan. I found it VERY irritating that the 
works great. I ve been using this for bout 2weeks in my 15x15 bedroom, and it works great. I paid 35.00 for this. and it does make a click noise 
love this thing. i love my air purifier. i gave it 4 stars because it has to be cleaned every 3-5 days which is just a pain. i can barely 
Pleasantly surprised!. The basket arrived as described on the website. I am always leary of making purchases without being able to see an item hands-on. This basket was even more 
stainless steel!!!!. This has been working perfectly by my sink. It is heavy steel. Has grooves for easy use.  
6.25 ounce bowl. Great size for a small to moderate serving; Fiestaware has been a good find and value for our family 2 generations as all the place setting colors 
Hanging Shoe Bag. Love these - they save so much space and keep your closet floor clean. It also makes your closet look so much bigger. Very easy to install 
Does Luxor mean luxurious?. Absolutely great towels, but don t judge the feel until you ve washed them once  
Love it!. I bought this for myself on a whim and I use it all the time. I have fresh herbs growing in my window sill and I probably use 
Great, little filter; great coffee!. I have had the Braun Coffee maker for 6 years and enjoy the great tasting coffee that the Braun filter produces with this coffee maker. 
the pop off end cap is comfortable and charming to look at. This towel holder is capable of not being very noticeable which is good design to me as I 
Perfect for their intended use. These were the only soft boiled egg spoons I could find, so I bought them. Apparently not many Americans eat soft boiled eggs! They work 
I love this thing. Dishwasher safe and very sturdy. It s also not too big to fit in a regular size drawer. What more could you ask for  
Bulb Info. I am looking for a new book light, and as a former owner of this light, I was suprised at the bad bulb stats. This bulb, like halogen 
It Works. I read the reviews below and saw that there were a few bad ones and then mostly positive one. I decided to give this sharpener a try. When 
Great Screen - Easy to Clean - Don t love the handle. As billed this screen is a JOY to use and a BREEZE to clean. Like most things that 
Handy. I have wanted a knife block forever but never got one! Now, its so handy and very nice looking sitting on my counter top, the knife s are always 
Excellent little wine tumblers. The Riedel O Series wine tumblers are a great value and more practical for many occasions than traditional wine glasses because they lack a potentially fragile 
Top Fin Stacked Rock Ornament 12.5 x 4.5 x 6.5. This rock ornament adds to my fish tank a 3-dimensional look that it was lacking in before. It looks great 
simple. I don t think these pieces would work well with an elegant, or other-than-glass tea set. The glass is too thick, and the design, too simple. I wanted simple, 
great product , great packing very secure. I am in Venezuela and goods arrived very fast , good packing very securethan k  
Great Price. Shopped everywhere for this item, seller beat best prices I found by more that 20  
Toastylicious. As much as a toaster can, this one makes me happy : It toasts evenly, and seems to be very well made in a tres cute-sturdy-classy way. The crumb 
Also broken. The glasses are nice quality, but like the majority of other people who ordered these they arrived broken because of insufficient packing material.You would think someone at amazon 
Great Pot Rack!. I m buying my second one! I had to leave my first one at my old house because the buyers loved it so much. I m excited 
Keeps hot drinks hot!. As others noted, these mugs really do keep your coffee and tea toasty warm. We really love them. The carrier they come in is handy too 
Must Have. Accessory for the LED version of Zelco s excellent itty bitty booklight . Assure brightest light and eliminates need to change batteries every few days.  
great niche product. For those of you who have huge kitchens, stop reading now. For those like me, for whom counter space is at a premium, this is a great 
Easy to Use - Fantastic Cleaning Machine. I rented the Rug Doctor to clean my area rugs on Memorial Day weekend and by July 4th weekend my carpets got dirtier 
Slow cooked taste FAST!. I bought this Jan. 04 and have used it quite a bit. At first I was nervous having never used a pressure cooker we ve all 
These are great. I ve got some ELD nightlights, but they won t last forever. These LED nightlights will outlast me  
Interesting Design Powerful Motor. - Nice bullet design- Good combination of black and stainless steel- Powerful motor for grinding coffee; don t expect to chop ice or anything Not much 
The PERFECT cork screw. This is just an unbeliveable item. It works so easily and perfectly!!!! We have given this as dinner gifts to which everyone has really used it 
excellent. I am totally pleased with all aspects of this purchase. It looks old fashioned and is roomy.  
Light & Worm. It is very light and worm. I love it. Definitely worth the price!  
Works for Me. I have owned a Maverick EC-200 for about eighteen months and have been very pleased with it.The EC-200 holds 7 eggs in shell and 4 in the 
FAN-tastic. Rather quiet and moves a LOT of air for such a small fan. Very happy with it!  
Fiesta Fruit bowl. Item was satisfactory but thought it was bigger. Probably my mistak  
only for good wine. I am a firm believer in the use of this stemware for burgundies and pinots of distinction. But beware - this glass will make lesser wines 
Great sheets. These are very high quality sheets. I had a set of very worn out sheets before and decided I needed a change. I bought these a few months 
Very well done. It is a great picture for your dad your boyfriend or if your a guy who likes these movie  
Great value!. I was quite impressed with the weight of this item, its solid feel, and its clever design. The spoon works great when stirring thinner soups or stews, for 
Perfect!. This is genuine catnip and organic, the only kind we buy. Use it mainly in their Boogie Mats................  
mixing bowls. these are nice...not very heavy though, seem kind of flimsy really. but comes in soo many cool sizes...a bowl for everything  
and you would think it is just a toaster. Well, it is just a toaster, but I didn t think I would be as impressed as I was with this 
Fantastic Farberware!. For the price of this product, the Farberware Classic line cannot be beat! The variety of pot and skillet sizes available, along with interchangeable lids, is a real 
Worth the money. This dirt devil has been a life saver for me. It picks up lint, dog hair, crumbs from every meal my 2 boys eat and pretty much 
Does the job. Not sure if I would spend the money on this myself, but my roommate has one and we both use it all the time for those cheap 
Pretty Good. We bought this waffle maker because the American ones are hard to find. And this one got great reviews. So given that we prefer American waffles to Belgian 
Lovely way to serve butter. Great gift to go with our Pacific lobsters caught nearby. It s a little bigger than I d hoped but great for a couple to 
great looking machine, great tasting espresso. I almost didn t buy this machine because I was worried about some of the negative reveiws I ve read about it from users. 
A Great Drink. What a quick easy way to make a great cup of coffee. I like to mix the packs up and make my own brew. I have freinds 
better than expected. I bought this to use in a turtle habitat - a 20 gallon aquarium for a hatchling red-eared slider. The filter sits upright, with the internal filter 
Surprisingly good vacuum. I really really hate anything to do with a vacuum cleaner. I do vacuum on a regular basis but even looking at a vacuum cleaner annoys the 
Excellent investment!. I would highly recommend this product. These knives are a dream to work with, I actually look forward to having a reason to use them! Impeccable product! However, 
Good and cheap. This plastic press has served me well for over a year now. It makes a great cup of coffee, and I use it just about every day. 
It does what it is supposed to do!. I have purchased 6 Sanyo Space Saving Toaster Ovens -four toasters for other people that made a point of saying they wished 
Useful little bowls. I have several of these bowls and use them frequently. They are the perfect size for snacks. I also use them frequently for food prep tasks when 
The perfect little bowl... I have recently become a Fiestaware addict! I started with these cute little bowls, which I thought would be perfect for my three small children to 
Comfy mattress, loud air pump. I like it and my bad back loves it. It s very comfy because it s so easy to adjust the firmness.This one seems more 
Great breadmaker. This is a great machine! It was my first breadmaker as a beginner , and I love it! It comes with great recipes that are super easy to 
A Ton of shtimp...... you just don t realize how many shrip this is till you start hatching them. the tip of tea spoon is all you need to hatch 
Columbia Bath Towels. Excellent value towels! Wash first so absorbantcy is best right away. Blue color is gorgeous  
nice. just don t use it as top blanket if you have dogs or cats who get on bed.. pulls from their toenails other wise love it.  
Chocolate Fun!!!. Very cool, loads of fun. The kids love it. Easy cleanup too.Packaging for shipment could have been better. I ordered 2 and they came together in 1 box 
Want an excellent Cappucino, here the perfect pitcher!. Krups 12 0z. frothing pitcher is evereything they advertise. It is a high quality stainless, easy to use and clean up is 
LOVE THIS TOASTER!. If you want the retro look and a super toaster.....this is the one for you. Toasts perfectly and looks great! I ve had it about 4 months 
works as advertised. hangs up on the rim of the drinkwell fountain. cat loves it. good to get if your cat likes grass. especially if you live where it snows 
Royal Doulton Provence Dinnerware. The dinnerware arrived in perfect condition and was much less expensive than advertised on other websites. I am very pleased with the shopping experience and the 
Excellent Rice Cooker. Excellent rice cooker. So far, I ve used it for white and brown rice with and without the automatic timer and it works great. I ll use 
I ve got to say, the Eureka is a fine machine. I now have two new vacuums: a Dyson Ball for the first floor and a Eureka Bagless vacuum for 
Does what it claims to. Does what it claims to, elegantly, but small leaf particles get through the filter. Takes time for tea to brew  
What a Blade!. As a professional chef, I would buy this knife again and again. The factory edge is amazing, I have never seen a knife as sharp as this, 
Handy, gets bent. After a couple of uses, these cutting boards have worked about as I thought they would, and are handy to have around. They are certainly inexpensive and 
Great Wine Saver product. Need the Swissmar wine pump to go with these wine stoppers. Have tried other wine stopper vac sets and this is my favorite one.  
Vacu Vin Wine Bottle opener. Amazing tool! I gave one to a friend who runs a restaurant and it cut his wine-bottling-opening-time down to zip, bam, boom and it s 
Good reading light. Very well made reading light. Nice carrying case. Decent battery consumption. Fits most of the books really well.Happy reading  
very easy to use. I looked at several different yogurt makers, and this one seemed the most suited to my needs. I bring yogurt to work on a regular basis 
Great Pillow. I ve been completely satisfied with this pillow. I ve owned it about a week and had some of the best sleep I ve experienced in a long 
FAVORITE KITCHEN GADGET EVER!!. I love this little pepper grinder!! Can t say enough about it- it s so much fun to use and very solidly built. Not sure what 
Handy little bug. I purchased one of these for my elderly mother. It is very easy to use and works just as advertised! The only problem we have had with 
Great buy!!. Better than I was hoping for. Nice red color and very deep for lots of layers . Thanks for a great price amazon  
Does a solid job. I ve been pretty pleased with this little water heater. It lets you select three different temperatures though I wish that it provided more options than 
One by One I m Turning Global. My Whustoff offset serated is usually my turn to knife, I ve been a devoted user of it for years. But I recently 
Amazing Rice Cooker. This is the best rice cooker ever! My wife is Asian and just loves this rice cooker, which she uses every day  
This is great. I have two pieces of Innova cast iron cookware and plan to buy more. I own 5 pieces of Le Crueset and I do love it, but 
Cook s Illustrated BEST BUY . This one ranked as the best buy model in Cook s Illustrated blender comparison. It was a close second to the first place finisher 
Now...a pleasure to open a bottle of wine!. I purchased the Rabbit for my husband this Christmas. We used to uncork wine with a typical waiter corkscrew . We are 
Incredible Knife. This is a must for anyone who longs for a sharp knife.For many people this type of sharpness is unknown, and should be experiencedand enjoyed. Sharpening should be 
marvelous microwave!!. I did not think I would ever find a convection microwave that would work as well as the sharp microwave does and at such a good price !! 
Ironing press. This is a great iron. It also was shipped to me very fast and I am loving using it  
waring pro meat grinder. A good price for the grinder, but was dissapointed that there was not any receipes included with the machine. These usually come with a product like 
great grill product. I think this is the greatest grill pan ever! It s so easy to handle and easy clean-up, Thanks LeCreuset! You make great cookware!  
Large enough for a whole meal!. What a great size! You can make your whole meal in one skillet  
Great Egg Cooker. Very fast service and cooker was all what I expected. Very satisfied...  
Rabbit Chablis chard glasses. I have purchased all sorts of wine glasses in my life from 10 to 70 glass. These are simply the BEST white wine glasses I ve 
size n slice matters. just used it once to test it potatoes-home fries , this was exactly what i was looking for. It s a great decently priced food processor 
works great. Follow directions. Three to four wasters at the beginning. Makes great caps  
All-Clad. All-Clad items are the best. Unfortunately, we are having a difficult time trying to reach the All-Clad company. We have left a message and an email and they have 
So nice!. This table arrived in perfect condition-- it was well packed and didn t receive any damage in the shipping process. It is very sturdy and solid for a 
Great collar!. Buy one, you and your cat will love it. Too good to be true. And the price is fantastic!  
Evaluation of order. The merchandise was received in excellent condition, well packed for shipment, and sent quickly after my order was placed.  
Nice Looking Set. I bought a 7 piece set just like this 4 piece one . Still haven t figured out what to do with the three smaller canisters, so 
best value. I bought two sand color bath towels months ago. Very thick and soft. I wash them lots of time and they still look quite new. Now the price 
Buy it now!. This is the most fantastic kitchen gadget ever. That may sound a little overkill- but get one and see. This is hefty and sharp and cuts pizza 
We are VERY pleased. My wife and I suffered with a cheap old blender for years and decided to upgrade with this KitchenAid model. So far we are very impressed 
Costume Heaven. I make lots of costumes, particularly period dresses, for theater productions, and when I finally got desperate for a steamer I went for this one based on these 
very powerful and does a great job. This is my first juicer, so I can t compare to others. In my opinion it is very powerful and certainly does the 
Bullet Proof Deep Fryer. Bought ours two years ago after considerable research. Busy working family with multiple schedules and a parade of hungry young adults have given it a workout. 
Great product!. I got this to help utilize the space in our entry when our kids friends and ours come over. I put it together in about 10 minutes with 
Slow heat-up, but great results. I ve had this about 4 months now, and it s a great press. Better, in my opinion, than the le cruset version which is 
At last , this is the product I was searching for!. My towel bar search became a mission. I bought and returned 4 types of towel racks including Oxo. The 
Wonderful. I bought this console table a couple of months ago, since I have added it to my living room I have gotten nothing but compliments on it. Now I 
I ve bought two fo them and for 39 bucks they are decent. Nothing pokes out at you and they are snuggly.....snuggly for 39. I didn t expect anything more. 
Everything I expected it would be. This mattress pad does precisely what I expected it would. It takes the awful chill off my frozen bed on cold winter nights and 
Delightful soup bowls. I am delighted with these French Soup bowls. They are large enough to serve onion soup properly and the handles are comfortable to hang on to.  
Canvas sheet set. I have been pleased with the sheets. I have had trouble finding sheets to fit the thickness of my bed. These fit nicely and don t pull 
Great Buy. What an excellent buy. This was a top quality product at an incredible price. I was very happy with my choice  
Le Creuset Stoneware Crock. This is by far one of the best purchases I have ever made. It keeps everything handy while cooking  
Best pillow I ever slept on. After battling insomnia for 5 years I finally have a pillow that will allow me to finally sleep at least a few hours every 
does the job. very simple product and it does the job really well. no complaints; i am happy with my purchase.  
Turtle Floating Large. I m going to begin building a pond this coming spring . These turtles are going to be a cute touch .  
Whirleypop popcorn maker. I bought it for a friend as I have one - easy to use, never have to clean and almost every kernel pops. Use less than a 
Love them!. Bought these for a Christmas present to the wife. I didn t have a clue what I was doing when it comes to buying sheets!! Go figure I 
Makes a GREAT cup of mocha. I actually bought this for my wife for her birthday - but I think I enjoy it more then she does.I know that this 
Beautiful color. I absolutely love the new Scarlet color by Fiestaware. Mine did arrive in one piece which is a miracle as the box looked like it had been used 
Miele Canister Vacuums - Simply the best. I have been researching the Miele Antares Galaxy Canister vacuum. From my research, it appears that this unit and the miele brand is 
Best Emergency Light Night Light Combo. I have nightlights throughout my home because I always like to see where I m going. After dealing with 2005 hurricane season, I replaced 
Great Bowls. We are very particular about bowls, but I have to say these are fantastic. They actually hold a lot and look great. The only downside is that they 
Good Book Light. This is my first book light. I like it for the most part. It is a little bit heavy for mass market paperbacks, especially the smaller ones, 
Save money - fewer vet visits for ear infections. My beagles have chronic ear infections and I was spending hundreds of dollars per year to keep them in check - 
Hamilton Beach Air Filters. Very satisfactory product, best price, shipping was timely, good packing for shipment prevented any damage to product. I will order through Amazon again  
Pilonidal Surgery. This cushion works great for relieving the discomfort caused by pilonidal cysts. Also helpful for those recovering from surgery for the same. My wife swears by hers. So 
Great knife. This knife is by far my favorite knife. I have used many other knives chicago, farberware, cuisine... , but this knife has better balance and stays sharp much 
contemporary, adaptable space saver. my cooking space, including the cabinet drawer space, is small so this product has been a blessing. i especially love the streamlined design and the functionality 
Can t go wrong. Great pressure cooker. This is my first one and I use it twice weekly. Everything turns out great and it is the right size for a 
Great style!. I just received this lamp and I love it. Just a very few simple, simple parts to screw together and it looks great! I looked at literally thousands 
Remanufactured Cuisanart GR-4 Griddler. The Griddler arrived in a timely manner and in excellent shape. My family uses it 4-5 times a week and we all think it has been 
Great buy!. I purchased this stockpot as a Deal of the Day for 22.99. It was absolutely worth the purchase price. It s heavy enough to be sturdy, but not 
Great turntable. This turntable is great, even for heavy loads. I used it with 20 pounds on it  
An excellently-performing deep fryer and great bargain!. The good: first and foremost, it does a great job deep-frying food. A full 3-liter reservoir of oil heats up in about 10-12 
Very Useful. I got a deal on this monster a few years ago and bought it even though I thought it was way bigger than I would ever need. WRONG! 
LeCreuset Stoneware 11 1 2 inch Oval Dish. I really like this dish to cook in. It s the perfect size for preparing green bean broccoli casseroles. The food browns 
happy owners. We bought a 4 quart White Mountain hand crank churn in about 1975 so it is 30 years old. It is still in top shape and I think 
Slumber Pet Thermal Cat Mat. We run an informal barn cat rescue. This winter the temperature has been quite cold and our barn cats love the slumber mats in their 
64 oz. swirl server. This server is excellent!!! It keeps hot things hot and cold things cold! I love the larger capacity. It was well worth the money. The seller 
Great Looking and Functional. I recently purchased the 3 1 2 quart buffet casserole. I was worried about the size, but found that this pot beats the capacity of my 
Only Henckels for me. Although my purchase of this knife set is for a gift, I only purchase this brand. They are totally superior to any other knives on the 
Fiesta Peacock 1-quart pasta bowl. I received an 1-quart bowl with a 4 place setting Fiestaware as a bonus and I just love these bowls. As a matter of fact, 
The Best Deep Fryer!. My wife and I ordered this EZ Clean deep fryer by T-Fal because of it s features such as the filtration cleaning system... Now we followed 
A great toasting experience. I bought this toaster because I was sick of continually buying 15 toasters from the likes of Target. First of all, this toaster is bulletproof... just 
Slippery when wet... Definitely keeps the butter fresh. However, can become slippery and awkward to hold when refreshing the water especially if you have small hands ; on occasion pieces 
Great little coffee maker. I LOVE THIS MACHINE!! I have had this coffee maker for about a year now. I have not had any problems with it at all. It 
Broken. I ordered 2 sets of the glasses as a gift. They were very nice .However--one of the glasses was broken in shipping and I really did not get any 
Really helps!. For the money, a very sturdy bag that is secured by a velcro wrap around your closet poles, that actually holds! I have one upstairs for sweaters, and 
Nice toaster oven that cooks well. I had this toaster oven for almost a year now and so far it has work very well. It toasts great. We ve done 
Very Cool!. I bought the Star Wars set for my 8 year old grandson s birthday. He s a Star Wars nut . I love the colors - much nicer 
This has been working superbly for me over the past 4 months. I ve been happily using this produt for the past 4 months. It is fantastic! This is the 
Great upgrade carafe. No more burnt coffee. I bought this as a upgrade from the glass carafe that came with my aroma control machine. I was tired of burnt coffee 
Beautiful!. I am not sure for the negative reviewer! You buy this product because it complements the set... it is beautiful. As other previously stated... it is delicately beautiful, but 
Excellent, Heavy. This is the best flannel sheets Ive ever owned. Heavy, soft,and finally a fitted sheet that doesnt slip off the matteress. There is plenty of space to fit 
luv it!. It is perfect for quick, outdoor cooking. I hate frying because of the splatter all over my stove. I put this one outside and I can fry eggs, 
Breathtakingly beautiful!. If you love fine china and you are a Teacup collector, this set is worth the investment of 20. It s beautiful! The pictures just DO NOT do 
Goodbye Slugs, Hello Tomatoes. I have used the Topsy Turvy Tomatoe Planter for 3 seasons now, and will never, ever plant my tomatoes in the ground again. This product is 
Useful item that you don t think about buying. Pan and brush are of excellent quality. It is very nice how the brush fits snuggly into the pan s handle 
Terrific Teal. I previously purchased the Pillow Shams for this Coverlet, then decided to look for the Coverlet. Both products are beautiful and extremely well made. Being tailored, they make 
Melted Sandwich Goodness. The grilled cheese maker seals the edges of your sandwich for delicious pockets of molten cheese goodness. Quick, easy, unbelievably tasty  
Honeywell HZ-2200 Mini Tower. Well built little heater, lightweight and warms without any issues. Will not heat a very large area but has worked well for the kneespace under the 
Perfect Washcloths. I ve have looked for a very long time for this lighter quality and easy to wring out washcloths. They are also a nice large size. So many 
Humidifier wicks. We have used the same Vornado humidifier for 4 years. All we do is replace the wicks yearly and it works as good as new  
Cool utensil crock!. I don t like those cutsie utensil crocks with little pale prints of flowers, roosters, fruits and things like that. Also don t like those made out 
Good sharpener. I can sharpen my plane and chisel blades with a stone to a point you can shave with them. But,I can t sharpen a kitchen knife worth a 
Love this gadget. The coffee I made with the Brikka tastes so much better than any I ve made before...and I have an espresso machine, which I no longer use. 
Buy it!. If you re looking for a small slow cooker for dips, appetizers, whatever, this is it. It s got 2 of the most important features to look for 
Excellent product if you are a frequent entertainer. This pan comes out of my cabinet for all national holidays and most parties. In fact, since the first batch various members 
I LOVE IT. THIS IS A TERRIFIC ITEM FOR THE KITCHEN AND IT LOOKS GOOD TOO! IT IS HIGH END QUALITY,AND DOES THE JOB THAT IS ALL I CAN ASK 
Garden Gas Burner Cover Set. These are very attractive to look at. Although the discription is a little wrong. It says green flower pots on white background, but the background 
They are so colorful!. We have almost all of Santa Fe Collection.It s colorful and brings a smile to your face early in the morning during your breakfast and everytime 
ITS A PRETTY COOKER. THE ONLY REASON I DIDNT GIVE IT A FIVE IS COZ THE POT IS NOT AS BIG AS I EXPECTED.. BUT COOKS WELL AND IS DEFINITELY 
There is no substitution for a hot iron -- however... There is no substitution for a hot iron. If you are expecting this product to be one -- move on. 
It works. I needed a trash can with a lid to keep my Catahoula puppy from dragging things out. This one works perfectly .  
Fantastic everyday dinnerware. My wife and I have owned this set of dinerware for over 6 years. It looks as good as the day we brought it home from the 
 20 at Target.com this week! 1 31 2005 . Just to alert prospective buyers, this item is 20 on sale at Target.com the week of 1 31 2005. We 
Swiss Diamond are the best pans ever. You will not find a better pan than Swiss Diamond.We ve had this for a few months and it still performs as brand 
Nice item. Really handy for its purpose, draining out of a pan. The description is confusing are you getting the 9.5 or 13 ? . The one that they sent 
Orbi Can Opener. It s amazing. No more sharp edges and cut fingers. The lid can be used as a cover if necessary like on pet food until the contents 
The flip n fold. I love this flip n fold laundry organizer. It is easy to use and the end result is fabulous. My closet is neat, my shirts and 
Hard to Know. Since I ve had these 2 alarms, I ve apparently not had smoke nor carbon monoxide in my home because they haven t gone off. Kinda hard 
REPLACEMENT PARTS...........WHY NOT. CERTAINLY, HAVING A SIMPLEHUMAN CONTAINER HAS BEEN WORTHY. HOWEVER, WHEN THE OPEN TOP PEDAL BROKE AND THEIR SEEMINGLY ARE NO REPLACEMENT PARTS AVAILABLE MY RECOMENDATION S TO 
Best knife I own. Convinced me to buy the set. After working with a combination of German knives for more than ten years, I decided to buy a Global knife 
Mostly for fun. For looks and fun, 10 stars. Functionality...well, I use it, but it poors sloppy so I have to be careful. Others have gone ahead and ordered one 
More for your money. I bought this in a pinch for entertaining and have really fell in love. I had been searching for a Chip and dip set that did 
Nice Queen Set. These have been great sheets, and the price was not bad either. We did not pay a lot for these but the are well worth even more 
Dyson Floor Tool Attachment. The Dyson low-reach floor tool attachment I ordered worked great. It fit my Dyson DC14 and was shipped to me as promised.  
lots less hair. This dog rake is the best I have ever used. My dog is a Chow Chow, so lots of thick winter undercoat needed to come out. I 
Best purchase of the year!. I am very happy with the purchase of the cookware set. The weight of the cookware is perfect. The handles are well balanced and beautifully 
Great scissors for the price. I hate the cheap drugstore scissors I have used out of sheer laziness for years. Bought these. Love them. So much better than average. What 
I m in love!. I ordered this knife half because I needed a good knife and half because I love Rachel Ray. Anyway...the knife is fabulous! It slices through everything 
More durable than they appear. There s not much to add to what everyone s already said about these excellent glasses. However, I wanted to weigh in on the dishwasher 
Gets the job done. Being able to cook the top and bottom separately is what makes this a great product  
Wow! I love it!!. First, let me defend this piece of equipment by saying that ANYONE with wall-to-wall carpeting should NEVER expect the same cleaning capabilities from a canister vacuum 
Roshco magic. The Roshco baking mat is terrific. There was no smell the first time I used it. Previously, I used a paper thin mat, the Roshco is much thicker 
So far so good!. I ordered two of these large mats to keep the animals off my leather sofas. I have a tabby cat whose rear claws front claws de-clawed 
I own 3 of these. I have three of these filters on 2 of my fish tanks, One cleaning a 75 and keeping it super clean, easy to change filters 
Making good coffee in a Senseo. We discovered the Presto My Pod that fits into our Senseo and uses the My Pod Coffee Filters. That allows one to use any 
Love it!. Granted, it is a bit noisy at first more like a shocking sound, not so much noisy , but you get used to it. The mixing and matching 
SUPER CLEAN FLOORS. AWESOME MOP. THE BEST ONE I HAVE EVER HAD. WORTH EVERY PENNY. REALLY CLEANS THE FLOORS GREAT.  
Works great for the price. I bought the Rival 4071WN 32-Ounce Hot Pot Express to use in my dorm room, and it does exactly what I need it to do. 
Love it. I ve always had issues with peelers probably because I ve only ever had the really cheap ones , but the OXO peeler is great! It s really 
Dyson DC 14 Review. Dyson DC 14Does the job well really impressed, but then any NEW Vacuum would do that.I have to wait a few months to really know if 
Simply the world s best chef s knife in all respects. For years I had been aware of J.A. Henckles as a quality cutlery maker, but until I used one 
Nice Aquarium CO2 Product for the Non-DIY Person. If you plan on having plants in your aquarium then injecting CO2 into your tank is highly recommended. Having a yeast-based CO2 
Don t clean this item!. It looks and weighs just as any hibachi I remember from several years ago - BUT I used it and washed one of the handled 
Safe, Attractive, and IT WORKS!. Never thought I d use one of these again after my toddler got burned on my old 25 watt Dazey. But she s grown now 
Pasta Machine. It is really nice and we are using it at the church to make noodles for a fund raiser so it is getting more use than just a 
What A Knife!!. This knife is one of the best products I have purchased as of late. The balance and superior feel of this knife puts it into a class 
Nice Blender. Our old blender had recently burned out, and we were planning frozen margaritas on the dock, for a family reunion vacation at the lake. I needed a blender, 
Great little Skiddle for our tiny place. I bought this for my boyfriend and I to use in the tiny 360 sq. ft. cottage that we live in. I love 
My cat is well hydrated. Cats are not known for drinking a lot of water and are often dehydrated because they hate stale water. My cat loves this fountain, he 
even cooking - easy cleaning. I tried the regular Calphalon tri-ply stainless steel saute pan and took it back. Too much work to clean and it was very heavy. Then 
Spring Whisk found. Been looking for one of these for a long time to replace my old one. This one is better in being stainless steel. My old one had 
Great carafe. This is the best carafe I have ever owned. The capacity is fabulous and the design is intelligent and I love the fact that it pivots 360 degrees 
Regent HS8 night light. It s funny how little things mean a lot. This night light is by far the best night light I ve owned and I have owned 
Space-saving and convenient. This is an excellent product. It mounts easily under a cabinet shelf, and units can be stacked , so that otherwise unused space can be utilized for 
fabulous!. This was the best 10 I ve spent in a long time. We had a party and everyone wanted to see how easily it worked. It was great  
No sweat, drinks stay cool. I ordered 2 sets of these cups. They are good quality for the money sturdy and look nice. I love this style as the cavity 
reliable, quick, adjustable dehydrator. This dehydrator has been in use almost constantly since we got it. We ve dryed peaches and tomatoes with great, even, quick results even in the 
Very good looking and very comfortable. Bought 2 of them and placed at the two corners of my couch. Very good looking and very comfortable when I rest my head 
Fantastic Knives. We are very, very pleased with these knives. We ve ordered three sets across the family, and we re about to get more. Well weighted, comfortable to use 
Great product, easy to use, and consistant results. I am not a coffee shop expert so my expectations may be different than yours. My needs were the following when considering 
Perfect. It works very well. Removable plates is a BIG plus.They are easy to clean and you have two appliances in one.Great bu  
Not Your Mother s Corelle. I have really nice Dansk everyday dishes, but needed something lightweight and less breakable for frequent outdoor use. I have to admit, these dishes are 
not a bad find. Since it was a gift I did not mind spending the money on this set. Even though I may have found it somewhere else for a 
good bake dish. this is a very nice baking dish..well worth the ..buy it u won t be sorr  
Wusthof Classic Knife Set - Excellent knives. I bought this knife set after I did some research about what makes a knife great, and these met every test. I put 
Best WOK ever. Carbon steel..the best to cook oriental dishes. I LOVE this WOK - purchased it a few years ago at another outlet. Had used an old thin one 
Love these dishes. I really love these dishes! I have been looking a long time for square dishes that had some personality and didn t cost an arm and leg 
Decent Bread Machine. I ve had the Toastmaster TBR20H bread machine for about a year now. It s very compact compared to other bread machines. It is 12.6 W x 
Perhaps overpriced but a great home espresso machine. When paired with an espresso capable grinder like the Gaggia MDF and freshly roasted beans, this machine is an excellent choice as 
Dandy fry cutter. This cutter is very easy to use. The suction cup on the bottom holds the cutter in place while you work the lever to cut the potato. 
By Far The Best!. My dog is 8 years old and has been paper trained from day one so believe me, I have used them all. These pads are by 
Sturdy, but not adjustable. This is a great one handed pepper grinder with a simple and effective design. The only drawback is that the size of the grind can t 
Microwave plate cover review. These are exactly what I was looking for. I needed a cover to put over food for heating in the microwave - food for one on 
Works, but a few flaws. This works well. With enough salt, it freezes a batch in about 45 minutes. I never had trouble with it taking an excessivly long time 
good travel clock. I like the light being on all night. And it s easier to figure out how to set the time and the alarm time than lots of 
Handicap helpmate!!!. I purchased the item for my mother who has crippling arthritis. She can not use her hands very much and she is home alone. It helps her with 
teensy scale. Love it. Followed recommendation to zero scale after each weighing. works great! super buy for the money  
Fabulous!. I bought this for Mother s Day for my Mother and Mother in law and they both have said that they are still going strong. I was a little 
Excellent fryer. Easy to use, easy to clean. Two major requirements for a kitchen appliance for me to be happy. This thing is easier to clean than my old George 
Best in class rice cooker. We purchased this rice cooker last week, and have used it twice for brown rice. The rice came out better and with less effort on 
Excellent Cookie Sheet. This is a great cookie sheet. I chose stainless steel because of possible health issues associated with using teflon or aluminum, and because I know it s 
Best Skillet. Excellent results with this skillet - easy to clean and great for cooking  
Cats will be cats. The box was very nicely made and I have no complaints about the product itself. My cats were not interested in it at all, so I 
Hairballs Beware!. This is an amazing product! After shampooing my border collie mix, I applied this product and I was absolutely AMAZED at the amount of hair that she lost! 
Check it Out!. I bought this item for my sister in law for Christmas and although I have not used it it looks like the coolest crock pot! Not heavy 
Perfect for serving brunch. I purchased the turquoise and sunflower a while back and just recently ordered the cobalt and cinnabar. I loved this carafe especially when serving weekend brunches--even 
Good Sheet Set for Your Toddler. If your child likes Thomas our son loves Thomas this is a good choice for a sheet set for several reasons.First, the graphic design 
what s the problem?. not until i read the customer reviews did i notice the scratches on the handles. as with any product, there are occasional rejects that make it 
Worth the money and THEN some!!. I have always wanted a Le Crueset pan and used to just oggle at them in the stores b c they are so beautiful. 
Great for a budget!. These aren t the highest quality kitchen tools by any means, but they will do on a budget. The hammered copper container is a nice touch. 
Very nice. I am very pleased with this fryer. It heats up quickly and does a great job frying foods. Unlike most consumer grade fryers, this one barely blinks when 
Salt & Pepper Mill. I was impressed with the quality of the product. Both Salt & Pepper Mills were of the finest, durable quality; I highly recommend this product....would make 
Very Pleased. This is a very nice dish, have had a lot of compliments on it.  
makes fantastic toast but doesn t match my stand mixer. This toaster makes the most evenly cooked toast I have ever seen. Even better than my 4 slot Cuisinart toaster. 
Feliway Diffuser Review. The product came sooner even than the estimate, and I was very pleased!!!  
Best OXO peeler yet. I have had several OXO peelers, and this is the best so far. It looks great, cuts great and is very easy to hold. It is 
Heaven!. I purchased the Chiropractic Neck Dogbone, Pillow, and it came very quickly. I haven t had any neck problems since purchasing the Dogbone Pillow! It s a must for 
Discovering my Norwegian roots. My grandmother has used her Heritage grill for over 20 years now...and it still going! We only make Lefse on it...because that is what it is 
Best of the 4-cuppers. Cuisinart did it again! I bought this because I wanted a coffee maker for work that had an auto shutoff. They all make coffee but so 
Friends will think you re a pastry genuis!. I have used this tool to make the rosettes. They are a wonderful light cookie that you dust with powder sugar. Warning: 
best ever. i found this product,very nice and its really helping my family and I ,in our daily routine ,it s condition was new,and also two of my other friends 
beautiful. I bought this from amazon. At first I was a bit disappointed because there is a scar scratch? in the surface. I figured someone returned it and I bought 
good... for the price. Good value for the price... wish they were wider, like most ramikens instead of deeper  
Love them!. I would disagree with the previous review. I loved these knives! My wife even uses them and says how easy to hold they are. The bolster design work 
Great quality to value ratio. If you are looking for a non-stick saute pan this is a great deal. The pan heats quickly and evenly, so keep the heat at 
pairs of 100 poly satin pillowcases. These are very high quality of pillowcases. I got as many as I could and in all different colors and sizes, because I have 
My cat loves it!. I wasn t certain if she would like this toy or not, but she absolutely loves it. She chases it all over the house and up 
Great with Room for All Sizes. The product is exactly as pictured. It fits all my largest knives, including several types of chef knives. The raised slots are plenty wide 
Excellent machine. I ve owned about 7 ice crushers in the last ten years. Every single one has been horribly noisy and has come apart within 18 months. Mostly because 
Great compact size digital scale. Great compact size and very accurate reading. I use it for my bodybuilding diet, to measure with I eat and its easy to use and 
lots of waffles!. I am really enjoying my 6 slice waffle iron, having six waffles all ready at the same time is an amazing time saver and I can sit 
Love It!!. We got this as a gift and we love it. Easy to use!  
like it. I really like having this. It s odor free and easy to use. Yes, you have to empty the bags and that takes time, but it s worth 
A nice surprise. I wondered if this would be a useful addition to my knife set, since it was similar in size to the 4.5 inch parer. Rest assured that 
Restaurant-grade fluffy Belgian waffles. The magic is in the flip. I can finally make thick yet fluffy Belgian waffles that the whole family loves. You have to spend more than 
FINALLY!. Finally, a ball my hyper active Schnauzer Mix can t eat, punture or destroy! But that hasn t stopped her from trying. This is a great product if you 
Great product, great value!. These are the best dog collars we ve owned. Everything about them is high quality and best of all; they are made in the USA! I 
Electric Broom. Wonderful product, has great pickup abiltiy and very lightweight. Does a very good job for a small vacuum. Highly recommend. Excellent service  
The Best Pot I Own!!!. I own a few Le Creuset ovens and i think this oval oven is the best size to own if you plan on buying just 
a great little gadget. This tool is great. You MUST use plastic wrap to avoid a mess! This gadget got pork loin cutlets so thin and beautiful that rolling them 
great sheets. Confession...I am A maniac about having ironed sheets. These need only a quick touch up as they sat in the drier for hours. If I had removed them 
Finally, a solid productm that really saves me time!. I had been thinking about purchasing a product for years that makes ironing easier on my arthritis ...I like everything ironed 
Great Deal. you can t get these cheaper anywhere esle, if you can please let me know where. Thank  
Hot water pot. This hot pot works fast for both water and other liquids. I use it at home and also for traveling  
Nice starter set. I bought this set for my daughter, for when she finally moves out! You can t go wrong with Oneida quality. This is a nice, contemporary style 
Very pleased. My husband is a big guy so I wanted to get a bigger towel for him. I bought this towel purely because it was the biggest one I 
Great Buy!!!!. This item the best deep fryer that was ever made. Everyone must own!!  
Miles above Hoover WindTunnel. We had been using a Hoover WindTunnel that we d purchased five years ago from the factory store for 180. While it seemed to work reasonably 
Works great -- I almost threw out my area rug!. I have a 9 x 12 area rug in my living room from Pottery Barn. With 2 cats, a dog 
LitterLocker Plus - handy waste recepticle. The LitterLocker Plus and the refill cartridge bags are great for those people who like to keep their cat s litter boxes clean and 
Well thought out product. I ve had it for half a year and still very happy with it. Very convenient and easy to use. In this price range no other 
Top quality for many years!!!. These are top notch in my book and always will be. I grew up with the older model of copper bottom RevereWare my mother had 
Very happy with it!. Hubby and I have been debating a press like this for a bit. Being in my third trimester, I wanted anything to reduce my time on 
sturdy and beautiful. The picture doesn t quite do the coloring justice. The bottom of the pitcher is much darker than the top, ranging from a deep brown red to 
Sturdy, with nice looking finish. The rack arrived promptly, was easy to assemble, and looks nice. At first it seemed that the parts of the post weren t going to 
Lovely!. I bought this to give as a gift, but I had to admire it for a few days prior to wrapping. I just love Fiesta. All the colors and 
Best shaker I ever tried. I have already been using this shaker for more than two years, and it still looks brand new. I am buying another one to replace 
All that I expected and more at the great price. Great little gadget for heating water. I don t have to monitor it since it has an auto off. The 
nice starter tank or childs tank. I have two of these tanks, a 2.5-gallon purple and a 5-gallon teal. The 2.5-gallon I use as a quarantine tank for my saltwater 
Lasts Forever & Multi Purpose. I ve had this and a set for so long, and it lasts forever. You can bake in it, store, serve, microwave food, put it 
 Bout the best round. I ve been looking at quite a few canisters and these are about the best around. They hold a shine and are easy to clean.Thank 
Power Station. Works great. I purchase 3, one for my husband and 2 more for my children. Good design. However, it would be nice to have a bit more room 
Great decanter for a great price. I bought this decanter for my dad for his birthday. You automatically expect quality since this is Riedel, but until you see this in 
Rockin bread knife. Like all globals this knife is perfect. Looks good and feels good and sharp as a tack. Thanks Global  
Great pan, but a little on the expensive side.. I love cooking in this pan. I love cooking in cast iron utensils in general of which I have a few 
Krumkake Iron worked like I expected it to. I have only used it once so far and need to figure out how to keep the kitchen from getting so smoky. 
Works faster than a micowave and water stays hotter longer!. My girlfriend received this kettle last Christmas and it s still working...I even use it at times. So easy to 
Fiestaware canister. It s Fiesta ware what s not to love! Couldn t find this one anywhere else  
very much all purpose. The shape and size of the pan itself is exactly the same as a 10-inch fry pan, just without the long handle. I have used it 
Pretty Nice Lamps for the Price. My girlfriend and I were looking for a new set of lamps for the living room. We searched all around town, and certainly found 
really stainless steel!. i was worried about getting a rack that would rust as i had read negative reviews about other products . this one has not disappointed! well worth 
Great little 3 gallon aquarium. This is a great little aquarium to keep a few small fish. It s small 3 gallons , so you can only have small fish 
Love LeCreuset!. Perfect size for cooking for two. Beautiful color and, as always, LeCreuset is well designed and cooks like a dream  
How Did I Get Along Without This!. Bought the largest size - thought it would be easy to store nightly but its been piled with mail, catalogs, magazines and books 
sharpeknives. For years I have been sharpening the knives in our household. I have used wet stones, diamond sticks, ceramic sticks and many other methods in fact I have a 
Classy Callas. What an elegant piece of crystal, I think it truly epitomizes the word, classy. The callas contribute even more to that classic look of good taste. I would 
This thing really works. I like to mix up my own dressings, but it s messy to have to shake the container before every use. This product solves the problem.Tips:- 
Excellent Knives. I purchased a set of 6 of Chicago s 5-1 2 cutlery knives and am very pleased with them. My Chef s Choice 130 sharpening station puts a 
party fun. This works great. Just follow the directions. I didn t follow the directions at first I added marshmellows and that didn t work then I tried it again 
Works great on my 6-Quart Duo, BUT...... I happened to purchas Fagor Multirapid Plus 10-Quart not long ago. When I bought this lid, I thought it would work on both 
Love my shark. I love my Shark V1730. I even bought 3 more for my daughters & mom. They love it for quick pick up. The one thing I didn 
 Ventilate - may not broken!. Excellent machine but be ware you MUST keep this machine clean at the steam hot water nozzle.If it gets blocked the first thing it 
love it. This is a great, no smell, easy to carry, empty, and clean compost container solution. I have not looked in to replacing the charcoal filters. If that is 
Had it a year, and I love it. We have had this waffle iron a year and it works great. I follow directions about spraying it with cooking spray before 
IT s so pretty, so stunning. I got this because I needed to replace my rice cooker. It workst great and I love it in red!!!!!  
Superior slicer edge. Two years ago I bought this exact Victorinox blade, only it s fitted with a nice looking wood handle and a hefty pricetag, especially for a stamped 
Yummy. My Toastmaster Sandwich Maker makes the most perfact sandwiches. The sandwiches come out just right everytime. There s another great thing about it. It is the perfact shape for 
the best we had. It is one product that my husband misses more than me when he travels:- What you probably don t see on the picture well, it stands 
Canvas Shoe Bag - over the door. I am very pleased with the quality and usefullness of this over the door shoe rack. It is fairly flat against the door 
Super Towel. I was a little worried when I bought this towel for my son, because he is a very particular person, and only likes good things. Well, here s 
Big and beautiful. I am upgrading from a 2-slice toaster to a 4-slice toaster. I wanted one with a bagel setting and separate controls for each pair of slots. I 
Omega Self Cleaning Litter Box. What a great product! Works so much better than the electric litter box I paid 100.00 for. The cats like it better too  
I love my aquarium!. I have had my Eclipse for about 3 years, and everyone tells me how good it looks. It runs great, and it has virtually no noise- 
Nikko Ceramics Christmas Giftware 3-D Holiday Pitcher. My mom has this Xmas Nikko set and likes it. I thought it was kinda trashy to have a two gallon milk jug 
so far, so good... I bought this recently for 150 at the dept store with the bullseye logo. I have the grey and black version. So far i m happy 
Gorgeous and functional... I was looking for a new casual china pattern in solid white and found Italian Countryside. Beautiful! The dishes are well made and classic; they re a 
Awesome Knives - well worth the price. I am a chef and I have to say a J.A Henckel knife is a great knife. They last a long time possibly 
Nice coat rack. It was very easy to put together.The wood is nice quality.I really like the two levels of hooks. The lower hooks are the perfect height for my 
You will love this vacuum. I was very skeptical of this compact lightweight unit. I did not think this would be powerful enough for my very thick carpet. Plus I 
chopster. The best little gadget I have ever used for chopping foods. I have had others, but this one is the best  
Cucina Pro. You drink regular coffee and he or she drinks De-caf? No problem! Perfect for company, too. It sure beats two coffee makers and it s programable. It s 
Works just as advertised. We have five cats, and their litter boxes. My nose is unusually sensitive to smells and so we decided to try this product. It really does 
Loved Them. These knives are the best steak knives I have ever used; I use them also to peel potatoes and other jobs.Then, of course, I loved them because I 
Wonderful chair at a great price. Purchased two of these chairs to replace a bulky leather one I never realy liked and I couldn t be happier. They were easy 
Excellent. Does everything as advertised, and does it well. This thing makes great home-made ice cream. The ability to modify the volume by varying the amount of the ice cream 
Great pricacy cover. We bought one for all three of the litter boxes we got. We were afraid that our kitties would not like the open boxes. They love the 
ingenious but some tricks you need to know. This product is great because it removes the lid of a can without leaving sharp edges, it runs hands-free as advertised , 
Great for Personal Pizzas. For quick and easy individual pizzas at home we use burrito size tortilla shells as the crust. The size is just right for one person and 
Treat it like a gadget and you ll love it. So, the espresso machine is great. It s solidly built and has a very simple design to it. I recommend 
Breathe easier with this product. My rec room is a magnet for dust and pollen. I noticed a big difference once I started using this air purifier. Sneezing is now 
Bargain!. This is a very nice quality, inexpensively priced, table. It was easy to assemble as well  
Nice Computer Desk. My Mission Computer Desk arrived only three days after I placed the order. Great shipping and my desk was Not broken as in other reviews I have 
Great machine. Easier than it sounds. This is just a great machine so far, but look, if you want to, you can obsess with complex formulas and temperatures and sterilization 
A different way to season. Here is a simpler way to season this wok. First really scrub it clean when you first get it, lots of hot water, soap, scouring 
Perfect handling. You know how most spatulas are, even the expensive ones. They eventually chip, peel, discolor or are too stiff or too soft. I didn t think I d 
Great bread pan!. Love it... easy to clean. Easy to handle with the wide edge. Want another asap  
what I expected. I purchased this set for my mother who falls and drops things regularly due to a disability. I wanted a dish set for her that would be 
Sturdy and colorful. I ve seen this a few places but found Fiestaware cheaper on-line. I love mine. When we re-did our dining room in terra cotta, sunshine yellow and 
Actually Works - not like all the rest. This is a great cushion. It has a zip-off removable cover. It is light, thin, wedge shaped, and does a great job. 
I cook fer a livin and... I picked up 2 of these for my saute station at work...they replace my Mauviel copper that I ve sent out for re-tinning...I may 
great stockpot. I love it, love it, love it. I use this all the time. It really gives you room in the pan to move your ingrediants around. It has 
great product, great price!. I have been using the Anolon Classic for 3 month. So far, I have no complain about it. Actually I m completely satisfied. One of the 
quiet and powerful. Like the majority of the other reviewers, I love my kitchen aid bender. The reasons include:1 It is quiet for a blender. Sure, that means it s 
My Favorite Microwave. This is about the fourth microwave I ve purchased over the years and it is my favorite. I like the size: it s not too big,but big 
Sango Nova Black Canisters, Set of 4. These canisters were bought at a great price through Amazon, JCPenny wanted 70 . We waited a month for Amazon to ship them 
Goldbox Deluxe Mattress Pillowtop. What a bargain! The mattress topper is well made and fits our queen size bed perfectly. I was also impressed with the speedy shipment  
a fine wine glass. We like the heft, the form, and the feel of these glasses. Keep in mind that they measure 9 1 4 inches in height. I assume 
BEST 20 YOU VE EVER SPENT - ESSENTIAL FOR READERS. I first bought one of these at Barnes & Noble, or maybe through Levenger about 5 years ago, lost it 
Nothing miraculous here, just a solid perfomer and a good overall value. When my husband and I decided to replace our 12-year old Hoover, we did hours of internet research 
Handy little item, heavy for me to use. After using my Black and Decker cordless scrubber, I found it to be a bite heavy for me, being a small built 
It s great. I love being able to use my own favorite coffee instead of the ready-made commercial coffee pods. I use a tiny filter both under the coffee, as 
Large enough for my Family. This Cabinet is great for storage if you have a space problem, this is for you. It was easy to put together and looks great. 
Took The Plunge!. I have resisted a burr grinder for years -- too big, too complicated, too hard to clean. Got a French Press recently and was advised by Starbucks 
Great Product. I have found this item to be very helpful. I only have 1 arm and dust pans are not an option , now when I spill something I 
My first knife. This is the first and only knife I bought in my entire life. I have developed a passion for cooking during the last 6 months, and I 
Beautiful, elegant & practical. I really like the look of these square dishes. Switching from stoneware to Corelle was a good decision. They take up much less space in my 
Bissell Steam Mop Replacement Mop Pads. What can I say? These are replacement pads for the Bissell 3250 Steam Mop. If you like the mop, you need these. They work 
Nice. This towels are probably what most would expect. They look nice and have become my preferred kitchen towel - I cook alot. I would look elsewhere if they were 
versatile starter piece. As seems the case with some other reviewers, this was my first piece of Le Creuset. It s wonderful for braising and easy to maintain. It has 
Silky Cotton. This set of sheets are some of the nicest I ve ever slept on. They launder beautifully and are holding up wonderfully  
A 1st degree black belt now. OH YEAH! I love this can opener. It s the greatest, I tie two of them together with a piece of rope to make 
Retro Red Stool. This Stool is very versitle, it is a step ladder, it s a stool, and it s a fashion decorator accessory for kitchen.  
Ultra Quiet Fan. This Fan is Ultra Quiet - used for air circulation of the home entertainment sytems  
just get it!. If you like to cook soups, you neeeed this.If you like to cook base broths, A must have.If you like fork-shredded meat pot roast, burrito filling, etc. 
Very useful and cute!. Great idea that works! Also doubles up as individual dipping saucer  
Great Game Center for Children. I purchased this gaming entertainment center for my son when he was only 3. He has a 13 TV VCR and an original Nintendo system 
Great for throwing and not breaking. I ordered the set and waited for them to arrive as promised. Eventually a week became about a month. They never arrived. I wrote 
jersey sheets. These sheets are great. Super soft and the best Jersey Sheets I have owned. Plus the prices for them are better than other jersey sheets of less quality. 
Excellent. This is a quality light. The amount of light it puts out is similar to a traditional nightlight bulb  
The best I ve seen!!!. I don t know about the other reviews that say this knives aren t stainless steel, the labels fall off, or the filet knife breaks, 
Feather Pillow. I bought this pillow due to the fact my husband kept sealing my other feather pillow. Although, I love my feather pillow, its not a full as my 
Great stick vac!. Quick ship. Great product. Very happy with the performance of this little guy  
Good lamp. Just what I wanted- a solid feel, easy to move around, good on off switch, bright light  
The Best Cookware I ve ever used!. I have a 4-Quart Saucepan with Lid. I was lukcy to pay much less money at a discount store.I ve tried all different 
The collar has made all the difference!. I have a boxer puppy and I am crate training her. Within a few weeks of use this device has taught her not 
excellent. well designed and well made. better then henkle classic 10 inch, or the Global forged 10 inch chef knives. my only complaint is the factory edge is not well 
Different experience. At first a wrong item was delivered but the situation s quickly corrected. Still happy with the arrangement end result  
Great !. We initially saw this at my friend s place and since thenmy wife has been asking for one. It turns out to be oneof the best things we 
perfect. I wanted a nice simple wine glass & this one is just perfect.nothing fancy & just the perfect size. Clean cut lines & the price is perfect also  
Soft, Warm & Fluffy!. Very nice for a flannel. Very soft to the touch and perfect for winters. The colors are bold and vibrant! I love them that I bought 
Strong, Quick and Easy To Clean....AND a Bargain! :- . I m absolutely thilled with this Waring! It s definitely changed my opinion of juicers. I purchased the reconditioned model. 
Cheaper to buy entire filter. I needed just the bio-wheel. Amazon had the whole filter with bio-wheel for 5 dollars more than the bio-wheel inself. I used the extra intake 
Le Creuset. I love this line of cookware. I strategically waited for these togo on sale and get free shipping. I bought this as a B-day present formyself  
My cats love them!. My cats love these mice! They play with them every day and they have not worn out. These mice will give your cats hours of fun 
Good Fan, Does the Job, Features are Over the Top. I wanted a floor-standing oscillating fan that didn t take up too much room. The tower design seemed perfect. I 
Knives. Knives were received in a timely manner and were exactly what I wanted andordered  
Upgrade to S-bags if you have allergies or asthma. These high filtering bags are really worth it if you suffer from allergies or asthma. They do a superior job of 
Disabled Mom Loves the Remote Feature. I bought this fan for my mother who does not get around easily. It is quiet and being able to control it remotely is 
Triple Bin Sorter. I am using this bin in our health club to house some small balls. It s very durable and easy to move from room to room because 
Retro Crusher. My Grandparents had an ice crusher that looked like a torpedo and hung on the wall. I was hoping to find one like that... BUT this works just 
Excellent!. Both my fiance and I are very pleased with this warming mattress pad. The dual settings work perfectly, and the variety of heating intensities are excellent. There is also 
Smooth for the fast crocheter easy for the novice. I stumbled onto a hook similar to these in the past and lost it. I was very happy to get these. 
Work Wonderful! PERFECT OUTPUT. Stylish & Compact. I ordered these in spite of almost being scared off by the prior review about meager output, but then thought, it is what 
Mikey Likes it!. I like this coffee maker. It looks good and makes great coffee!I can t think of anything negative to say about it other than it s a 
Good price for the product. I have not used my stockpot as yet, we are in the process of having a new kitchen installed. It is very similar to my 
Too good to be true? Think again!. I bought this product as a last resort... I had two small mystery stains in my carpet and I have tried every other 
Satisfied. This is a great product and I am very satisfied how it cleans my hard wood floors and large area rugs! I had purchased a Swival Sweeper for the 
great for a small apartment. this is a very convenient hamper bag for a small apartment - great use of space. we hang it on a wall hook, which frees 
cATSILL CRAFTSMEN. It s a very nice cutting board. Easy to use. Convinient. I have problem with the other cutting board does not fit the sink- it just kept sliding 
Fantasticly sharp Knife. I am so pleased with the Ceramic Chef s knife... it is amazingly sharp and holds it s edge beautifully... feels good in your hand and glides 
Great for steaks, chops. I gave this to my son and his apartment-mates at college so they would have an effective way to grill steaks chops burgers. Does a MUCH 
love it, works great. I wanted Le Crueset, but could not afford that much money. I bought an Innova 4.5 at the local bimart and love it. I had bought 
This is a great product!!. My son has been begging for a sno cone maker for years now. We bought one a year ago that was awful and didn t 
Beautiful. Worth every penny, it is truly a beautiful pet gate with class. Goes well with wood floors and you cannot purchase this in a pet store. Wonderful price and 
Works but noisy. In the 3 months we ve bought 3 humidifiers looking for one we re satisfied with. This model ended the search. While it is noisy even the 
Very good juicer. We are very pleased with this juicer. It works quite well and is easy to clean  
Still Lovin My Oster!. With this cup I just turned my 20-something-year-old Oster blender into a smoothie machine as well as a snow cone and iced cappuccino machine! Better actually 
Another review for Global... My wife is the Iron Chef of the house, but I know a good thing when I see it. Both of us swear by this brand. 
It works.. Although somewhat of a novelty item, it does produce perfectly round shaped fried eggs. I have had the best results by spraying it with oil and when I 
almost great. good value for the price. i do wish they were a little thicker and or heavier. a little too see through  
Perfect Size. This is great! It was perfect for dipping cherries. Anything bigger would not have worked as well. It reminds of the roaster my mom used to have. It 
excellent deal for price. I highly recommend this item. It was less than 3 for goodness sakes! you cannot go wrong, considering that it s the price of a starbucks 
Replacement lid. I actually bought this lid for an expensive german pan whose lid I dropped and broke. I could not find anyone on the net that offerred a replacement 
BEST CAT TOY EVER !!!. Cat s love love love this toy!! If you know of a cat-lover you have to buy this as a gift. If a cat doesn 
Excellent Quality, beautiful knives. If you want the best, get these. What excellent knives. Never thought I d get excited about knives..  
Excellent. This is a great pillow for cervical support and stretching. It s cotton and washable and worth the price  
Great towels, big soft - don t smell. We got these towels because our regular Fieldcrest towels got musty smelling and nothing would wash away the smell. It s the 
Best Buy. This unit performs as well as those costing twice the price. Can t imagine why anyone would want to spend more  
Forget what you think about handheld vacuums. My experience with handheld vacuums was that they were loud and ineffective. While the Scorpion may not be quiet, it s not overly 
Too Long?. Great griddle, even heat, heat control sensor comes out so product can be sink washed.The only negative is that the griddle is so long it won t fit 
good value. I ve tried many training pads and so far these are the best price for the quality and quantit  
LOVE these pillowcases!. These are so luxurious! They ve ruined me for 400 thread count sheets.... I m ordering 1,200 from now on! INCREDIBLE  
What can I say?. Very nice product if you need a large spatula for spreading frosting. On occasion I do so this is a well made and handy kitchen utensil 
Shake n Take. I purchased the Shake n Take personal blender about 3 weeks ago locally Meijer . I use it twice a day to blend up a mixture of 
Satisfied with these pillows. We have used these pillows for quite a few years now. We only replace them because of hygiene considerations. The pillows themselves do not flatten down 
Even better than I had hoped!. After moving from a home with an under the counter dishwasher, to a home without a dishwasher, and no under the counter space to 
Easy Cooking & Easy Cleaning Rating: 9 out of 10- -4.5 stars . My mom has owned this grill for about a year and a half, and she and I 
Soft flannel duvet cover and good value!. This duvet cover is a great value and very soft and nice  
LMR200 waste receptacles. I am happy with the pricing - the plastic is a teeny tiny thinner than littermaid replacements - so not as sturdy as the actual littermaid receptacles 
Perfect size. An 8&quot; vase, in dramatic cobalt, with beautiful lines---what more could you ask for?! Forget how it looks in the picture---get out a ruler and see how tall 
Good quality but kinda huge?. I thought this would be a serving bowl for a family of 4 or so... I think it could serve a side dish for 12. 
Look it s a toaster oven not a JennAir!. A toaster oven is not a high tech piece of kitchen equipment unless you want to pay a lot of money 
Great Oil-filled Heater. This is the second Delonghi oil heater that I purchased through Amazon & I am completely satisfied with both of them. I also purchased the Delonghi HM25E 
Powerful and Reliable. I have tried dozens of different brand of outside, hanging, power filters. Marineland s Emperor filter beats them all in performance and reliability. I ve been in 
Great Product!!!!. This is the way to start frying! Never again will I fry in a fry pan. This product is convienient and easy to use. You will end the 
GREAT grinder. I roast my own beans and have for years. Home roasted beans get oily after about five days. The best feature on this grinder is the ability to 
Amazing knife. This knife is absolutely amazing. Cuts through chicken and other meat like a hot knife through butter. Be extremely careful while cutting  
Simplehuman Butterfly Step Can. Very good product. Functional in limited space. Hydarulic lid closure avoids the nasty clang or clicking associated with clsong the lid on most cans. The liner 
Works perfect, good materials but bad finishing. looks like being used before, although it was new.Definitely not European quality standard.But functionally works well.Helps us to save a lot of gas 
Its big, fast, stylish and makes great toast. Ok, it makes really fine toast. And it s quick.Its also nice looking ... esp. if you have stainless appliances or some 
Feliway works. I was told to try this product for a cat who liked to use the dining room as his additional personal litter box. Once we started using this 
Functioned as anticipated. This unit performed as we had hoped, being we had never owned a space heater there was some hesitation on the purchase. Once we experienced how efficiently 
Small, but will work. I ordered these thinking they were the 23 ounce version of the pop-ins, they are not they are about 2 3 the size. I have 3 
Quiet and efficient. This is a great filter that cleaned up my overpopulated 20 gal. tank overnight. The water went from murky to crystal clear and colorless in just hours. 
I was afraid before ordering but I am glad I took the chance. I was scared before ordering because of reading all the negative reviews but I am glad I 
Nice. Nice cutters-solidly made, tall enough, and easy to clean. What more can you want  
Just tooting along. Our four year old son loves Thomas the Train and with this pillow he can now take Thomas everywhere and sleep on him anywhere. It is nice 
love it!. i ve had my revere 1400 set for about a month now. it takes a bit of time to get used to cooking at the lower temps. it 
Easy to use, not scary, time-saver!. This product is very well-constructed. It is simple to use and easy to clean. I use it to cook brown rice and dry beans, 
more than meets the eye. This pillow looks simple enough, but there must have been a lot of research put into inventing it! The DogBone medium size, about 16 w--i 
Best value for the price. I give this 5 starts because it is the best value for the price out there. I haven t seen a lower priced machine that 
A REQUESTED AND MUCH LOVED CHRISTMAS GIFT. The children and I purchased this item for Dad for Christmas. One thing we did not plan for was Dad being home when 
ove glove review. The ove glove offers great protection when removing hot items from oven or grill. I gave it as christmas presents to family members, none of whom had 
Every Pasta Lover Needs One!. If you want to serve a perfect dish of spaghetti or noodles, I highly recommend this kitchen tool. It will keep the pasta untangled and 
Keep it pure. I bought a pack of 3 for my purifier. This filter does a good job and keeps the watrer tasting good  
Excellent Set!. I just bought this cookware set and it s excellent! All of the pieces are of extremely high quality. The skillet and pots are good, solid aluminum; heavy 
very thick & soft. These are lovely sheets. They are very thick & soft. The elastic band securely goes around a thick mattress, matress pad & fiber-bed topper without pulling 
GREAT Vacuum for a GREAT Price!!!. I ve had this vacuum for about a month now, and love it. My carpet hasn t looked this great since it was new. 
LOVE THESE BOWLS. These are called Fruit Bowl but they are the perfect size for a couple of scoops of ice cream  
OXO Trash Container. Container is sturdy and large enough to complelety fill large kitchen trash bags.Container can be easily opened using foot pedal or by lifting lid by hand.Lid stays 
Pandigital Pros and Cons. The quality and clarity of the photo frame is top-notch and has a very easy to use Slideshow mode. The 64MB on board memory was not 
Great spoon for the kitchen. My wife and I were in need of a good non stick spoon for the kitchen. We had previously been using a wooden spoon that 
Great Job. I bought it yeterday. We do lots of Indian cooking with lots of smoke. This guy has significantly reduced the smoke and odor.Every one at home can feel 
Very Nice!. I love my new duvet cover. It s soft and very nice. Everything I expected.  
Striking Glasses. Absolutely beatiful glasses. A bit delicate, just make sure they aren t against another glass or object in the dish washer. Some with smaller hands may find the 
Slim delivers on the promise of ease. Vacuums often disappoint. They re either unwieldy in size, take too much work to change out longer hoses or put on attachments, etc., 
Great Product. I love this steamer it makes making rice so easy. The oval shape makes it easy to steam many differnt things in it. It also makes fool-proof hard 
Not a bad little vacuum!. I looked at about 1000 vacuums before deciding on the dirt devil. I am actually quite impressed. We have mostly hardwood with some area rugs. 
Simple... classic... elegant. This is filed under casual dinnerware, but I feel as though I can pull this out for a semi-formal dinner with a few friends and have a 
Nesco American Harvest 5-Tray FD-35 425-Watt Snackmaster Dehydrator. Quick and easy to use!The dehydrator is excellent for making jerky.  
It s great...and loud. This basket hamper is just what I needed. The only drawback and it s really quite minor is that it s pretty noisy if you re 
Very comfortable and stable mat. I m very glad I got this nice mat! It is soft and comfortable and stays in place very well. It is just the right 
Very nice. Ordered two of the nightstands. They arrived quickly and were well packed. I found them easy to put together and they look really nice when finished. I was 
Ichiban!. I already owned an 8 inch chefs knife from a different manufacturer and was satisfied. But last year I wanted to buy myself a Christmas present so I splurged 
Ergonomically designed handles, sharpens well, holds an edge. The handle fits well in hand and the blade has good heft to make chopping, slicing and dicing easy. The blades hold 
Love it!. I love this foil cutter! It s a must for clean, quick opening of a bottle of wine. I was tired of using a knife and picking the 
Superb and attractive, too!. I use this both to weigh packages in my business as well as in the kitchen for larger weights I have a smaller scale for under 
Great product for the price!. If you re looking for inexpesive racking for that large capacity cellar you re creating, this is it. If you re looking for a decorative 
love these towels. they re just perfect. nice and thick and thirsty, just the way i like e  
Great tank!. This tank was purchased for my 5 year old. I have a 10 gallon for myself and she wanted a seperate place for her snails. This tank is 
Excellent. This is a great machine. Takes a little time but is way better than the back of a can opener. The knives simply fall through tomatoes when they re 
Wonderful fiesta go along...... I hesitated to use these mugs when I first received them. Now I use them exclusively as our everyday mugs. They are a nice heavy weight 
Spend your money on good scotch...and good glasses. These are amazing glasses--they dramatically increase the experience of a fine scotch. While I imagine they would work for any aromatic spirit, 
All good here. The last 2 pitcher s I had lasted @ 3 years..What more can you say :  
Pretty nice. Just bought these bowls as a gift for someone after reading how copper reacts better with eggs to make lighter souffles. The bowls do look good but they 
Great burner for the price. It was a gift for a camp lodge. It does great with easy cleanup. For the price it was a bargain. I recomend It. I 
Melitta Java Perk MEP10. I love our 10 cup percolator purchased at Target more than any other drip brewer coffeemaker. The taste of the coffee, especially the organic coffee, is 
Not deep enough. Even though its a 10 bowl, its not deep enough for salads  
Excellent machine. I love this machine. Each package is its own brewing system. That means that there is nothing to clean, nothing to clog, and nothing to carry one flavor 
Best grater ever invented. Originally received this grater years ago from Mom and used it till it fell apart. Finally found a replacement and had to buy 2 just in 
Good little fridge. It came with a dent on the side but since it s on the side that I don t see, I don t really mind. It keeps 
Tool Holder. This item serves it s purpose well. It hangs right on the wall perfect and out of the way  
Can truly taste the difference. I bought this glass for my wife who has a great interest and enjoyment of good wine as a Christmas gift. Last night, she tried 
Colander - 5 Quart. This stainless steel colander is cute enough to use as decoration, but extremely useful. Big enough to drain a large pot without tipping, and very well 
Good filter product, only 1 per box, FYI. An earlier review suggested there were two filters per box. This is not the case unless you have a small cleaner that 
Patterned to please. I gave these to my son and girlfriend for Christmas. They just LOVED these and she wants a whole set of dishes in this pattern  
Ideal small kitchen pot rack. This has to be one of the best investments I ve ever made for the kitchen. When I initially thought about a pot rack, trying 
Amazing!. I am thrilled with this mixer. It makes cooking more of a pleasure less of a chore and makes me feel like a chef. The features are easy to 
Beautiful Fabric. This sofa throw is a beautiful jacquard fabric in a leaf pattern.It is holding up nicely to my Yorky s daily use. It is a nice weight and 
Nice product. Has plenty of hooks and so far has stood up to the weight of numerous coats and hats. Probably won t withstand much abuse with all the weight 
Nice chair. Nice chair, very comfortable. My back is feeling a lot better since i got this. I think it s because the seat of this is relatively flat compared 
Excellent product. This is not only good for salad but the best feature is the ability to section off and wash berries  
Henckels 120 Anniversary 4-Star Steak Knife Set. Awesome product! We already own this set and bought 8 more for use by our guests. We owned our first set for 12 
Where has this been all my life???. I LOVE this whisk. I ve only had mine a week and I ve used it several times already. Before making this purchase 
Better than teflon. Best cookware I have ever used. I like it much more than any of teflon coated pans. Everything will be replaced with it  
Great portable home steamer. This unit puts out a lot of steam. When you run continuously, you may have to stop for 20 to 30 seconds every few minutes to 
Big but VERY USEFUL. Yes its big but VERY useful all the time. I ll buy another  
Great for the office. Rather than drinking the regular Maxwell House, I bring my own blend of coffee, use the hot water from work and make my own in about 
Peppers, Tomatoes, Pumpkins, &amp; Hearts. The whimsy of Le Creuset designers continues to delight collectors with this latest addition to Le Creuset s line of specialty pots: the Bell Pepper 
Worked out great for mother s day. I bought this for my wife as a mother s day gift. I chose it because it was moderately priced and stainless steel.So 
Versitile, A great pot to grab for just about anything. This is a pan that you can use for just about anything. I ve gone to using larger pots because 
Hamilton Beach seems to be doing it s job. I love the different speeds it offers. I have found it to be really cleaning the Dust from the room.So far 
KITCHENAID BLENDER. This blender works every bit as good as the new one I bought years ago. Same model  
very pleased. Bought this for our son. He said he can get all of his towels and sheets down to the laundry in one of these bags and not have 
Good. Although its small but once you got used to it, it s a lot easier than using a hand iron especially for cotton pants  
Great Little Knife. This is a great little knife! I have small hands and found this knife to be a great size that is easy to handle. I like that 
Nice lamp, no problems, performs as advertised... I took it out, plugged it in, and there was light. When I switch it off, the light goes out. When I switch 
Perfect for the bachelors. I live alone so this is perfect. No one else to get mad at if its not refilled. Plenty big for one or two people, probably 
Everyone loves it!. I have had more compliments on my daughter s bathroom. This shower curtain is a hit! I painted the walls the blue and the trim and ceiling 
Better Than 5 Stars!!!!. I believe if you re serious about cooking, you should own great cookware and excellent knives. I finally stepped up and got excellent knives. For those 
great product line. This is the fourth piece of furntiure I have bought from this line mission, natural . I love it. I have a bookcase and two tables that 
Buy the Farberware set instead... Revere is the cheapest brand of quality cookware out there. I have several Revereware pans and they have proved to be sturdy performers... But, I 
Great set but the picture made these appear bigger then the reality, still worth it!. Even though the sizes are listed I missed that and from the picture thought they 
Finally something that works!. My cats had been urinating on certain areas of my brand new carpet. Despite many cleaning efforts and all attempts at re-training the cats, this is 
excellent coffee maker!. After a long search for the perfect smaller-size coffee maker, I took a chance on this Zojirushi 5-cupper. I never knew Zojirushi made coffee pots or anything 
Good Starting Place for Beginners. I have done a lot of dog training but I have never trained in agility before and was looking to teach my dogs something new. 
little but useful. These dishes are beautifully designed, both sleek and sturdy. They make very attractive serving dishes, but they re really only practical for one or two people. However, 
phil. Love the mugs, cant beat them at this price. Fits nicely in cup holder  
A little disappointed. I like the look and the length of this mitt. The only drawback is that if you have to hold something hot for longer than 2 or 
FINALLY! A toaster that works!. After being a disappointed owner of a 4-slice toaster, which had to be pressed down twice even to toast, I finally bought a more expensive 
It s labeled INDIVIDUAL round baker. This item should NOT be downgraded because the purchaser doesn t understand or notice it is LABELED FOR INDIVUAL SERVINGS and in no way 
Perfect addition to the main set!. The shakers are a very generous size as is the butter plate and cover. Matches the Gold Dust Black set perfectly! Bottom of shakers 
Fun with Fiesta. I just started collecting Fiesta Ware and this yellow covered butter dish is the perfect color for a butter dish! Looks great on my table along with 
love this piece. I just bought this piece and tried it out. I love the size and no drip mouth..The color is beautiful and its so pretty on my buffet 
Tea Kettle. Heavy duty tea kettle. Heavier than you would expect. The handle and whistle door are plastic. Hopefully they won t get brittle. So far it is doing great 
So cute!. We have the Blair Argyle and it is adorable. I washed it 6 times before using and it did seperate on the edging VERY small hole , but 
Excellent product. Exactly the size and protection combination that I was looking for my external hard drive  
Blue Eyes Cat Safety Collar. My son and I, both, thought the picture of the collar we saw online was cute for our playful, male cat! , then I read 
So exceited to find the large platter!. I ve been looking everywhere for this platter to add to my new stoneware -- and of course, I found it on Amazon. 
Muddler Is Perfect. It muddles with the best of them... Its perfect, and can be cleaned in the dish washe  
Excellent, easy to use, and such a time-saver!. I can t say enough about this new litterbox system. These trays save me loads of time, and while they are more 
I love my Dirt Devil!!!!!!!!!. This little vacuum really picks up the dirt. It is well worth the money I spent. I love it  
Good Decanter for the price. This is an excellent decanter - the shape allows for easy handling and it is an excellent value. I have two and would recommend this 
Nice pieces for completing a table set. Sango stoneware has been great for us for everyday use. Good feel with smooth surfaces including the bottom so it doesn t scratch. 
It s warmer to sleep now!. I am fully satisfied. This duvet is looking nice, and warm. It can not be found better for this price  
Croscill Shower Curtain. This shower curtain was even more beautiful than the picture showed. It looks wonderful in my daughters bathroom. It is a very soft color, and the beading 
Most useful item in my kitchen. I have had this for almost 5 months and use this for almost everything. The chopping accessory is great for onions, tomatoes, etc. I 
Good, efficient heater, but a little noisy. I bought this heater for my office, which being in an old turn-of-the-century building tends to have a hard time staying warm in 
chrome napkin holder. It s quality is nice and is heavy. Very pretty and looks expensive yet isn t. It holds lots of napkins which is what I was looking 
Great and light weight plastic dog oen. great pen for puppiies or small dogs. You can bend over it or use the door for dogs to come and go as 
The best. These are my favorite cookers. So much so, I bought this one for my friend  
Nice product. I m very satisfied with the size and the look of this appliance. It fits nicely in my small kitchen. My only complaint is that it seems to 
Thank you Plein Jane!. I bought this machine after reading the review by Plein Jane. What a great machine! It was so much fun to work with after my Singer 
Cute and works. The popper looks good and works well. My only complaint is that there isn t a handle to turn to make the popcorn pop. You just flip 
Best quality. These tables were a gift to my daughter and she just loves them. Can t beat the price for the qualit  
FORGET THE NOISE, IT WORKS!. I AM A SKEPTIC, BUT AFTER SLEEPING GREAT ON THE FIRST NIGHT AFTER PLUGGING IT IN I WAS SOLD, SO I BOUGHT ANOTHER ONE. THE 
What do you expect?????. IT IS WHAT IT IS!!!! A great LITTLE vacuum. I does extremly well on low pile carpet. I compared it with an Oreck XL and it 
Wanted another griddle... We had one of these griddles already. Superior to others we ve had partly because it handles the grease from, say, bacon really well. We wanted to 
works well for us. The spray was recommended by our vet years ago for our cat who has inappropriate peeing issues - on our bed, the beanbag chair, etc... as 
Love LeCreuset cookware. A few years ago my husband and I decided that since we really enjoy cooking, we should invest in some good cookware that would last us the 
love it. After reading the reviews here, I purchased this blender and I love it. Have to be careful with frozen stuff in it, but with enough liquid it does 
A great tool!. We use this quite frequently and enjoy it immensely. When baking over 400 potatoes, you need something that grips those suckers a little better than a pot 
Hamilton Beach 31602 Raclette Grill. This raclette grill meets my every expectation.It was a great value for the price  
Very Satisfied. I looked everywhere for a cup warmer and didn t find one that seems to satify. I recieved this one and it is PERFECT. I take up almost 
Pleased !!!. This is a great product! I have never ironed my clothes so easily and fast. Presses clothes the way it advertises. Ease of use... a snap. Steams well. 
Wonderful product. I love the set of steamers. To date I have ordered 4 sets of these steamers giving 3 of them as gifts. They are so handy and they 
Bissel 3250 Steam Mop Replacement Pads. Love my Bissel Mop and the pads I bought recently came rapidly and without problem  
Excellent utensil holder. This is what it is- a stoneware crock. I put spatulas in it. It is attractive and highly functional  
norpro cookie sheet not a cake pan. Surprised to receive this cookie sheet with a recipe and statement that says that this sheet is great for making a jelly roll 
nice and cute, but takes quite a while. i ve been using traditional rice cooker all my life by traditional i mean da tung brand, not those cheap american brands 
EXCELENTE. LA FUENTE DE CHOCOLATE FUNCIONA PERFECTAMENTE, LA RECIBI EN PERFECTAS CONDICIONES EN VENEZUELA. LO QUE PUEDO RECOMENDAR ES ESCOGER CON CUIDADO EL CHOCOLATE QUE VAYAN A UTILIZAR PORQUE ESE 
Great Toaster. I love this toaster, Hamilton Beach is my new fav brand. I have been through many ugly toasters that looked worn in about a week and this one 
A great product. I think this is a greater product. Unlike other intercom systems I ve bought this one is wireless and the sound is clear  
Bonjour Multi Timer With Clock. I love it! My triple timer clock just arrived via Fed-ex this morning. No instructions, so after fumbling with it for a few minutes I 
Great Value. I purchased this cookware based on very favorable reviews and I m happy to say that these pots and pans are great! Both my husband and I enjoy 
Delicious family fun. I have used this for treaditional recipies as well as with different ethnic twists..korean bbq, seafood, italian roasted peppers, artichokes, etc.We have used potatoes & bread for 
They really DO work, but look around for the knockoff brands. I picked up a dozen in Home Depot for less than 5. Same concept, just a lot cheaper!Two of 
Great Sheets. These sheets are quality and beautiful. I actually ending up buying more sets. Don t hesitate on these  
Easy Fresh Pasta. My mom used to make fresh noodles years ago. It had been a long time since I had tasted the wonderful difference between just made noodles and 
review. i like the way the coffee cups look. also, the metal handles are removable so when you wash the cup, you don t have to concern youself with the 
Comfy neck pillow. I overheard a flight attendant raving about the Neckbones and also saw it reviewed highly in Shape magazine. I still have not tried it in the car 
Retro Stool is too cool. Love this stool that reminds me of Grandma s house. The only reason it did not receive 5 stars is that the stool part is 
saggy top loses the star. Overall this carrier is well made, my only complaint is that there is no support system on the top arching cover so it sags big 
Beautiful Setting. Great quality setting for the price. Simple enough to be everyday dishes and easy to dress up at the table for holidays. Currently, I have a service for 
Best blender ever!. We LOVE this blender. I ve never had a blender with power before, I guess, but this one will take a beet or a carrot and chop 
Great Seller, Satisfied with purchase. The transaction was as smooth as can be.My only comment on the vaccum would be that it is a stratch to sell this machine as 
i really enjoy it. very sturdy, looks nice,but it is smaller then it looks. You really need to buy two.  
Entertainment for hours!. My little kitties love to jump, chase and kill this birdie. I had an overweight cat that was very lazy - no longer. She has lost weight 
one tough dutch oven. I ve had this oven for about six months now, and have put it through its share of tough cooking: roasting marinated potatoes, slow-cooking ribs, wet 
great soap dispenser. Works great everytime. Sometimes it goes off accidentally when you move it from one location to another, but if you leave it in one place, or turn 
Beautiful!. The plates are shiny, nice even coloring, good size, chip resistant, and beautiful. I mixed them with red, green and yellow, and even put some bowls out for decoration. 
Mine looked like factory seconds. I ordered two of these great Fiesta handled carafes in black. I plan to use them for serving pieces as well as for accent pieces. 
New customer. Bought this product with a gift certificate from my children. I am very satisfied with the bowls. I give this product a high recommendation  
Looks nice but..... Not very soft material. Fitted sheet does not cover matresses more than 6 or 7 inches. Looks nice though.  
James. It s working great. It was pretty easy to put together, looks good, and works well. A great value at around 50  
Excellent product from Lodge. This skillet was purchased to use outdoors with butane heat. Excellent heat retention and distribution allows even cooking and browning. Being over 15 in diameter, it 
Exactly what I was looking for!. I bought this wok as a Christmas gift for my DH. He previously lived in Japan and cooks all the fun and exciting Japanese 
but ...Wrong product Detail in Amazon. The size of this tray is not 7 X 4 X 1.It is larger than this.I think Amazon should revise this with correct sizes.many 
Great Product Great Company. I just want to say I am not sure why the person who lost a piece of the product in her Dawn Ulepich Dawnski337 Illinois haste 
The Best. I just received this from my husband for my birthday. One of my girlfriends has it and she sold me on it. I m not the type of 
adorable!. I love this shower curtain! It s got classic rubber duckies and light blue polka-dots in a bright and cheerful pattern. The fabric is weighty and the tufted ducks 
emile henry baking dishes. They are the best. Don t scratch. Easy to clean  
Buy it for counting steps, not for listening to radio. I bought this device one week ago and I like it a lot. It counts steps pretty accurately, I measured 
Fancy, unique swizzle sticks!. These are the cutest, most unique swizzle sticks I have ever seen! They are plastic, so no problem with breaking like the glass ones I ve 
Great coffee and amazingly fast brew!. I ve had this coffee maker for about a week now and really like it. The speed of the brew is hard to believe. 
Fun Glassware. These glasses are loads of fun and certain to excite comment from your guests. My family loves them  
Good for the Boston. I have a 4 year old, 20 lbs Boston Terrier male. Little man was entertained for almost 2 hours with the treat ball. Loved it  
Fabulous!. This is an excellent set and a fantastic bargain. It is perfect for someone who is just outfitting a kitchen. I am going to use it as a shower 
The Work Horse. I prefer the eight-inch knife over a ten for weight reasons and the wide series gives lots of knuckle-slide area for repeated chopping tasks. I ve owned 
Huge, but great at toasting. We like the results of the toasting from this unit, but it is huge! Get ready to give up some serious counter space when you 
A Fabulous Alternative To A Cake!!!!!!. I use the cupcake stand at all my parties. People LOVE it! They ask me where they can get one themselves. It comes in 
Terrific!. Received my LightWedge very quickly and it arrived in great condition. This was my second purchase and have already shared my enthusiasm regarding LightWedge products with others. Thanks again, 
Very Good Product. I gave these as a gift to my mother for Christmas. She could not have thanked me enough. A very good product for the price  
Like a warm hug... I can t stand towels that don t actually absorb moisture, so when I felt the weight and density of the Espalma 700 series in the 
Nice little pan!. Although I haven t actually warmed butter in it yet, this pan serves my purposes very well. It s perfect to heat a single serving of frozen 
Great product. I bought this skillet as a reasonably-priced non-stick alternative to my 12 All-Clad. We have ended up using this pan more than any other.This pan is terrific. It 
Not too heavy, not too light, but just right. I like to sleep in the summer with just a sheet and the ceiling fan running on low, but my legs 
Fantastic Performance. I received this saucier as a gift and it immediately became my favorite. It s a good weight and is comfortable in the hand - it heats quickly, 
A really good canister. I love Fiestaware and these canisters go perfectly in my kitchen. I like that they are large enough to get a decent amount of flour and 
Best Traveling Coffee Mug. No worries about keeping your hot beverages hot, and never spilling a drop even if you carry it in your bag and it lies down on 
Great cheap illumination. I use these to illuminate my stairway landings. They produce plenty of light for safety s sake. Being an LED, it should last a long, long time 
Excellent machine for the price. I recently upgraded to this machine. I had an antique White that only sewed straight and zigzag...imagine my pleasure at having a machine that can 
Great overlooked tool. Buy It. Before I started doing any serious cooking, I never quite saw the point of the big knives and ended up doing practically everything with a 
Excellent quality and value!. These sheets were much softer than I expected and you can t beat the price!  
Strap. This is a great product, it comes with clips for a shoulder strap, but no strap. That is the only thing left wanting  
great for shipping!. My son is in the Army, stationed in Baghdad, and I bought a seal a meal in order to be able to send homemade cookies. Once they 
wamsutta luxury gingham flannel pillowcases, maple. These really are luxurious! They are so soft and thick. Both my husband and I are VERY happy with this purchase that I came 
Henckel Classic International Knife Set. This is a very nice knife set. I am not used to knifes this sharp. The only problem i had with this order was what 
How to fix the break. The one problem I have run into with Bodum Coffee and Tea Presses is that they do break down rather quickly. Although it is a 
Tough Toy. I purchased this because my lab loves to attempt to catch squirrels...He is rough with it and it looks the same after 2 months as the day it 
Well worth it... I was hesitant to spend so much on a plastic trash can, but it has been worth every penney. It s color and style make it attractive 
KitchenAid 12 Food Processor KFPW760OB Praises. What a great find! The food processor came in before the Christmas holiday and made all my holiday cooking preparations, from mixing cookie dough 
Good for the price. I may have the older version which includes 8 Chef s knife instead of the 6 I ve had these knives for almost 2 years . 
Great for what it is - small, convenient. We got this for our apartment and have been very happy. No cord is nice, and with the charge station it s 
Great product. This steamer is powerful enough to clean entire tiles in the kichen area, floors, stoves and so on. It is very worth buying this. Price is very reasnable, 
my husband s valentine. This pillow was purchased for my husband who says that this is the best pillow he has ever slept on. His neck does not hurt in 
Good Quality, Great Value. I am very pleased with the quality of this stockpot. It is a heavy, well made pot. The see through lid is great . . . 
excellent knife!. Although this is a stamped blade, it is a very well made knife. Instead of a tooth style serrated blade, it has a scalloped edge. It works beautifully 
The only cookware I use now. I tried out Analon Titanium and they are the only cookware I use now. I also tried Scanpan titanium and they are not nearly 
Functional, not fancy. As it s name indicates, it s made out of plastic where as many of the other items in this catagory are metal but it does everything 
GREAT SET FOR GREAT PIZZA MAKING. Bought this set after many years of homemade pizzas in deep dish pans. Too high in carbs so we thought about a pizza stone 
Easy, convenient and not messy. I bought these for my boyfriend based on people s ratings as compared to other stoppers pourers, and it was well worth it. I bought 
I love it!!!. I have the baby biOrb with a Pink Swap Top, and I just love it! It is just the right size and relaxing to have on my 
Best Copper Cleaner I have found. My Mother had a set of Revere Copper bottomed pans which she kept with this cleaner. When she died my Father kept the set 
I have three of them. I already had two like this and 4 CD racks of the same style , but the store where I got them wasn t selling 
A very good thermos. I have 2 of these. I can make my tea at 7 a.m. and at 7 p.m. it is still hot enough to require caution in 
Teapot. Nice teapot for personal use if you want more than one cup. I d like to get one in aubergine to make a nice contrast with this one  
Make a perfect Coffee Latte just like the coffee shop!. This product works just great- It has a lots of power to make a perfect thick frothy Coffee Latte. Use 
Heavy but good!. This is a wonderful juicer. It s big and heavy, but for juicing oranges and other fruit, it s wonderful. I tried the Metrokane juicers don t 
Sunflower Yellow is Beautiful!. I collect both old and new Fiesta Ware and was thrilled to see the vibrant new Sunflower Yellow dinnerware. The color is wonderful; much darker and 
Even and Consistent Toasting. Sunbeam model 6278 is an excellent toasting device from the popular appliance maker. Several things make this toaster unique and one of them is the Bagel 
Nice but not as deep as expected. I bought this skillet and it is a skillet, not a saute pan on the recommendation of Cook s Illustrated magazine. They recommended 
Not too noisy. Before I recieved this item, I was concerned about the noise based on the reviews. But after using it, I was surprised that the sound coming from 
Review of Presto 05464 ProFry. This is an excellent fryer. I have had another brand but like this one much better. I have grandchildren who love fried foods and this 
looks real nice. I really enjoy this fountain sitting on a stand in my home office. It looks really nice and I like the calming effect of the water.  
It made my marriage better.......... My only complant is that the cord is shorter then I am used to. But I guess it needs to be for the automatic rewind. 
Better than I expected. I ordered the queen size mattress. It was at my door in a week to the day clear accross the country.Being shrunk wrapped helped alot as 
AWESOME!!!. My Dyson DC-14 Full Kit just arrived today at my office and of course I had to rush back to the office to check out the new toy before 
workhorse, lasts forever. i ve had this food processor since they came out about 15 years ago. i love it. i make large quantities of bread dough, quickly. it s 
Very accurate, good for a baby s room as well!. My wife tasked me with finding a good thermometer and hygrometer humidity meter for our 1st baby s room. After 
Easy to use - smooth cutting action. The SwingAway can opener still seems to be terrific after all these years. The real question will be if it will hold up 
Shun Knives are Beautiful, Elegant, and the Sharpest around. I have a whole set of these blades, so I m breaking down my review to two parts: Review of the 
I got a great deal!. I read other reviews and was discouraged...but ordered anyway. I must have been lucky! It was only 10 days and I had my china...and it 
Butter Can Be Better. Butter can be better when served in a truly elegant country butter pot. Emile Henry Couleurs does not fail. Buy it, you will love it. And, 
Best Blender Ever. I have only had this blender for two days and alrady LOVE it. It is so easy to use and clean up is a snap. Since it 
Best for the Buck. Liked that the filter cover is adjustable for the filter model. Can use the left over for another covering  
Amazing Pop Corn Popper. Excellent popcorn popper. Pops every kernel every time. We use it everyday  
Excellent Knife, But... be sure you finish it before you use it. I recently purchased the Shun 7 3 4 Chinese Chefs knife to replace my very very old carbon 
Shiny blue, almost too much; comfortable, too slippery for the pillow. I bought these on a whim. I needed queen sheets for a new cheap memory-foam mattress from Costco, and 
egyptian cotton blanket. very nice, warm blanket, but too big for a full size bed, way too big  
Perfect espresso for one or two people. I love this espresso maker. I use it every single day. It makes a perfect double espresso, so it s great for having 
CRYSTAL WINE GLASSES. AS WITH THE GOBLETS TO THIS SET, THE PRICE WAS EXCELLENT, QUALITY OUTSTANDING, THEY WERE DELIVERED ON A TIMELY BASIS. I AM VERY PLEASED WITH THIS PURCHAS 
very nice!!. These are my favorite bowls, they can really be used for almost anything.....soup, salad, pasta, or rice dishes. Easily cleans in the dishwasher, and a wonderful siz  
Sleep Well. The pillows are fantastic. At first I did not know if I would be happy because they were quite firm but they have softened up and I do 
Great toaster. I am very pleased with this toaster,not only is it great looking but it works great too.It has nice wide slots for bagels,and several settings for how brown 
Nice dishes. I like these dishes for everyday use. The colors coordinate really nice with my decor. Work wonderful in the dishwasher and have a good weight to them  
SIMPLIFY YOUR COOKING!!!. I have used pressure cookers for the last 40 years and I honestly can say that this cooker has been the easiest one of all to use.It 
It actually works!. I was skeptical, so when I received my Wamsutta pillow I decided to put it to the test. I actually rigged up a grid of temperature sensor 
Having a party with fiestaware. My mom started my collection of Fiestaware for me, because I needed good dishes.I decided to start with the Sea Mist and the Rose colors, 
Review of Waterford Ballyshannon King Duvet. The duvet is beautiful, but potential customers should be careful in considering the measurements of the comforter with which they intend to use it. 
Another awesome pan. This is a handy duo! The pan as usual is sturdy and the lid well, don t know what it s made of but very flexible. The 
Fiestaware Pie Baker. I like it very much. It works well & easy to clean. I would recommend this product to others  
The pride of my fleet!!. The workhorse, this is a great knife. I use this knife on a daily basis at work, and it has always delivered. I highly recommend 
Dinner time made fun!. We love it! Many reviews mention that they first used the RacletteGrill while in Germany or France, we were first introduced to itin Holland.I would be 
Now I m completely satisfied. I had originally bought this pitcher several years ago. In fact, I bought two of them, both of which cracked easily and subsequently developed leaks. 
best popper ever. I ordered this item for each of my children for Christmas, after a friend raved about it. They both really liked it, so I ordered one for 
Excellent can opener - the best. Its just a can opener, sure. But its the best I have ever used. The can opener I had was becomming difficult to use 
This thing is a rockstar!. This is my first experience with a hand stick blender, and I am very very pleased. I bought it based on a recommendation I read 
Great towel. Towels are exceptional quality. For the price they re a steal. Only small negative is they tend to bunch in around the decorative band of stitching but that 
AeroBed Great for Sleepovers. I purchased this inflatable bed for my grandchildren when they sleep over and my granddaughter 15 loves it. She doesn t mind using the pump to 
Riedel O Chardonnay wine Tumblers review. Riedel glasses are great way to give a GREAT gift! Opens the wine wonerful, and I love the feel of the glass too. It 
Best deal around. yes, i have a full size mattress-all brands run small! It is so plush...that i gave it to my husband, as it was too soft. I looked 
GREAT MACHINE. I am more than pleased with this Hoover Floormate! I sure has cleaned my ceramic kitchen floor with ease-no more mop and pail of water! I would recommend 
If you can laugh.... I bought this for a current partners xmas pressie after he found out recently during our relationship all that his ex wife had got up to 
Best I ve Found. At last someone has managed to design a speed-heating kettle without their usual pitfalls. I had a Krups model that fell apart piece by piece because 
Fine Glasses. These glasses are excellent for serving port. They are delicate, however and require extreme caution when handwashing them. My set of 6 is now a set of 5. 
My favorite appliance. Using a Chemex requires water to be heated in a tea kettle prior to brewing, and it requires a finer ground than what auto-drip machines ask for. 
I ADORE this little pot!. Cooking is actually a pleasure when you have tools that are as colourful and cheerful as this little pot. It is just beautiful to look 
Love this little Vac. This little vacuum has alot of power, and tons of useful little attachments. This is a handy tool to have around for small cleanup jobs without 
More than one use!. I ordered one of these pillows for myself and another for my husband. We use them daily for watching TV, reading or as armrests on the 
Fresh seltzer always. For drinks I was making, bottled seltzer would lose too much fizz before I finished half a bottle--even with using a bottle repressurizer.This is perfect. From beginning 
A Must Read!. We have owned other Hoover steam cleaners. They did a terrific job but all ended up leaking. We purchased a Bissel and returned it due to the 
This cushion is the bomb!. This baby really really saved my ass!!!!Buy yourself two!!  
Great !!!!. I have not had any problems with my dinnerware set. None of mine have broken but I do not use them in a dishwasher or microwave. I have 
I LOVE this thing. I love fresh ground coffee and I HATE dirty appliances. This little beauty grinds coffee well, and most of all, cleans up perfectly. No more stale 
Great buy for the features. This electric skillet has all the features I wanted in a skillet. Non stick surface, even heat, dishwasher safe and can be used to serve. 
The perferct skillet!. I absolutely love this skillet! It cooks evenly... cleans in a snap..... It s the only skillet I use  
Hershey loves this ball!. When I received this ball, I thought it was too hard and put it away for awhile. I recently got it out and lo and behold 
Fiestaware is Addictive!!!. I started my fiestaware collection in November of 2002 when I was first introduced to it. I started my collection with a sunflower and persimmon disk pitcher, 
Great Cover!. I think this cover is just perfect for the price and easy zipper closure! The other reviewers must not have read the description closely because it does say 
Improved it a bit too much. I ve had Drinkwell fountains for years and loved them, as did our cats. Time for another one, and upgraded to the Platinum model. 
This is not a bookcase. Although this is not particularly practical as a bookcase, it is the best storage space I have ever found for my old 33 1 3 
a fine glass for syrah or shiraz. The Riedel Vinum series of stemware is very good, and the syrah Rhone glass is no exception. The size and shape of the 
Microwave is great, toaster is better!. This is by far the best toaster we ve ever owned. It does not have the thin metal elements that glow red like a 
Hot on the Go... An inexpensive, yet reliable way to heat water for multiple uses when traveling. Most hotels and motels have a heavy duty circuit when they normally use 
Fish Tank. Only problem I have had is it is hard to get the little guy out to clean it. He can hide under all the furnature. Other then that 
The best I have used so far. I bought one of these to help my family s allergies and my asthma. It is great. I can tell a huge difference 
Wonderful dessert!. These are beautiful. Unfortunately one arrived broken, but I notified Amazon and the replacement arrived the next day! I had ordered 3 as gifts for my daughter and 
Great Multi purpose pan. This pan arrived as part of a larger set several years ago. Since I got my hands on it I have used it nearly every day 
Great splatter screen. Good size - fits even my biggest frying pan. Very nice quality. The feet are a very clever addition. They keep the greasy screen off the counter 
Works fast & easy to clean. Very easy to clean. Freezes fast. I have only used it for frozen drinks so far. My only complaint would be that each batch 
Look nice and easy to embroider. I bought these to embroider on and they work great for that. They look really nice, make a nice gift.UPDATE: Since I ve purchased 
good good good. good God that was good service!this is a good rug pad at a good price. smells a bit like chemicals but i would imagine that most do 
Still keeping the water hot after a year. I put boiling hot water in this carafe at 6am and at 6pm, it still comes out steaming. I ve had it 
Perfect!. I LOVE this decanter! Stylish appearance combined with superb function. Perfect product in my opinion. Allows that special bottle to breathe quickly and well. The elegant handle is perfectly 
Great for the price. I almost didn t get this file cart after reading several of the reviews on here where people talked about having difficulties putting it together. I 
Ideal for the casual home drinker. Unlike the auger type of corkscrew openers, this won t damage your cork so you won t get much cork residue and you can 
Carry your Dutch Oven in style. This tote bag is made to carry and protect your beloved dutch oven.Why a tote bag you may ask? It not only protects your 
Revereware Cookware. I have used these pans for 18 years and loved them. I just wanted a new set because the dishwasher had faded the handles and made them feel 
George who?. This is better, cheaper and easier to clean than the Foreman grill that I used to have  
Even better than expected!. I ordered the pig with chalkboard just as an accent piece for the kitchen. He arrived quickly and was well packed. To my surprise he was 
Fantastic Value!. Even with the negative review written by another shopper I decided to give this set a try. I m so glad I did as I find it to 
Great but not essential. Not many people can rationalize spending twenty dollars on a pizza cutter, but I previously worked at a pizzeria and often make gourmet pizzas at home. 
snug as a bug. My little maltese loves this bed! She curls right up and lays her head on the fur wall. I love that the fleece is machine washable. 
Excellent Product. I had a pair of Chicago Walnut Series knives as a christmas gift 8 years ago and still using it! I loved it, it s so lasting. I 
beautiful. I am a big fan of the Royal Albert collection. This particular piece is a beautiful addition to my collection. I am quite satisfied with my purchase  
The Cats LOVE these!. This is a fantastic product. The cats love them and get a new mousie every day. Yes, they are small so they do lose them under 
Very Professional. Showed up on time, with a cold pack, wraped in a box and a phone number to contact and the person who inspected it. Very nicely done  
Large Fiesta Salt & Pepper. Exactly what I wanted. Item as pictured and arrived in a timely manner  
I love this processor. I was so thrilled when I unpacked my processor. It is so high quality and professional in both looks and performance. It has so many features 
Harness for Airport Travel. I recently travelled on United Airlines from San Francisco to Denver, with my large male two year old cat & experienced going through security protocol of 
Very nice, removal blade piece is great. This blender is more powerful than my previous one but the metal blade guard is why I bought it. My last one had 
KitchenAid comes through again. I bought my first KitchenAid mixer 25 years ago. It was my most used appliance. I decided I deserved an upgrade and I m very happy 
Versatile and Good Quality. I have a small breed and purchased this pen for puppies - actually, I purchased a second one after seeing how nice the first one was, 
Having a party with fiestaware. My mom started my collection of Fiestaware for me, because I needed good dishes.I decided to start with the Sea Mist and the Rose colors, 
These are GREAT!. If you are looking for perfect pillows, these are them. These pillows are like the pillow that you have broke in, and crunch up to get that 
Another Spiegelau Winner!. After purchasing a set of Spiegelau s Bordeaux wine glasses several months ago, and being very impressed with their quality and price, I decided to order a 
the global with an edge. This global is a light weight knife with a razor edge, that last for a long time. It goes great in every kitchen.AAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAA  
Perfect size for one incredible cup of coffee!. I did a lot of research before I bought this item so I realized that the cups it referred to were not 
Great mattress for the money. I bought this mattress over four months ago, so I ve had plenty of time to try it out.First, the bad news: I seriously doubt 
Great Grips!. After putting up with substandard cloth kitchen mitts for too long, we ordered the Kitchen Grips. They are the BEST grips ever. I can take anything out of 
Would have loved a lid with it... This is a massive skillet! Be warned it s heavy, but the handle and front grip help a lot when food is in 
My son loves these pillows, but the beads . . . My sonloves these pillows we have purchased 5 so far , but the pillows do leak beads on occasion. 
Presto Cool Touch Electric Griddle. We have had years of experience using Presto products and knew that we wanted to stay with the Presto product if the style and features 
Perfect KrumKate. I love it so much! It is so easy to use and the Krumkate came out very thin. However the product is made in China not made in 
Micro Bead Therapy Pillow. Having two micro bead neck pillows, I knew that someone must make a micro bead pillow that was bed-size. My search began in stores over a 
Great Step Ladder. I just love this, I have 3. We keep them in closets and one slides just next to the small space between the refrig. and the wall. 
best value. this product is an excellent value for the money. it works well and is easy to use. i would highly recommend this product to others.  
Oster Toaster is a Hit. This is an excellent choice for a two-slice toaster. It toasts very evenly and allows for a wide variety of settings light to dark. It 
Coffee grinding made easy. I have ground my own coffee for years and now have finally found an easy to use grinder. The fact that the grinder stores as much 
Great for indoor use. I use this grill in my apartment, where I have a small UGLY range. I have it permanently covering the left side of my range, which 
Indoor grill. It s great for guick meals for two. It s very easy to clean.Would recommend it highly.Hawksmazi  
Very nice and handy to store. I got these as a gift and really do like them. I just stick them to the fridge magnets and always know where they 
Excellent Great-looking, elegant Machine Best Price!. In addition to the extreme speed in delivery by Amazon, this machine made both my husband s and my day, since he enjoys espresso 
Nice-looking set. I ve had this set for about 4 months now and so far they aren t too bad. I really like the color. I looked everywhere for blue 
Great Cooking Gear. My wife and I first purchased Calphalon Contemporary Nostick cooking gear about a year ago. We both love them. Not only do they cook evenly and quickly, 
Waffle Iron. It never gets put away!!! My fiance makes batches of waffles at a time. It s easy to use and clean-up s snap! Love the item!!  
Definitely a five star winner... ...and easy to install. In fact the package is intended to be used as a template for drilling the screw holes. Beautiful and beutifully smart 
Kicks out a lot of heat. We use it as supplemental heat in our apartment, raises the temp of our entire 1000 sq ft. apartement about 10 degrees with no 
Works great and fast!. We love our new meat grinder. We have already made burger out of three deer this season. It works really well. It is very stable and 
Columbia Bath Towels. Excellent value towels! Wash first so absorbantcy is best right away. Blue color is gorgeous  
best product for glass top stoves. I bought a glass top stove 3 years ago. I tried every cleaner on the market and cyram a brite works the best by 
Worked great for me. I used this pan for the first time for a Daisy Girl Scout Investiture. I used PAM for Baking spray on the pan and a Duncan 
Good product - Recommended. Pros: Easy to use, solid, makes good espressoCons: Noisy, single insert is too smallI bought the machine 2 months ago and I m very happy with 
Good looking. I bought this by just looking at the pictures. And I was pleasantly surprised at what I got. Very contemporary looking and compliments well to my kitchen. I 
WOW!!. None of the other nonsticks can hold a candle to this stuff! I bought this and the 8 fry pan 2 months ago and, except for the bottoms, still 
Wilton s Done It Again!. As an avid baker, I d been wary of the whole silicone trend, but when I saw this one on sale, I thought it wouldn 
My dog LOVES it! Easy to catch. I have had trouble in the past training my puppy to catch a hard frisbee, so I decided to start with a soft 
Great filter-getting more expensive. The filter and the corresponding unit do a great job. The filter cost however continues to climb and I m not sure it s worth it 
Worked Great For Years. I bought one of these twenty years ago and it took this long for it to finally stop working. I find it easy to insert the 
Fiestaare Rimmed soup bowls. prompt arrival- excellent condition. My order arrive promptly within 3 days, free shipping and was in excellent condition. Very pleased. Will order again. Thank you.  
I love this skillet. After reading other reviews on this skillet I orded it. We love it. It is so nice to cook on low heat and have the meat 
I love these things. I have had 3 of these running for the last few years and haven t had a single problem wih them. also I love them for 
Great mini size Dyson. I returned The Animal DC17 and picked up the smaller version Dyson. It works very well on hardwood, tile and rugs. The Animal was too powerful 
Style AND Substance - A GREAT Coffeemaker. I have had this machine since February and use it nearly every day. This is definitely one of the best coffeemakers I have 
great grinder!. So far we have only used our grinder for pepper purchased 2 and it works wonderfully! the look is beautiful, as well. I leave it out where everyone 
Useful. It s conveniently sized for a number of daily kitchen activities from mixing in a bowl to scraping out the last remnants of cream cheese. And it s not 
Love the plates but they arrived scratched. I m sticking with the lighter colors due to scratching. My persimmon 16 piece setting arrived with two dinner plates scratched. I think 
Electric Flax Seed Mill. Flax seeds contains 18-24 Omega-3 fatty acids which protect us from heart disease and many other medical problems. Omega-3 s also contribute in many other ways 
It IS indestructible. A fabulous toy for the dog who tears apart everything else. My pitt mix will annihilate any toy he can get in his mouth, but this has 
Flexi Spatula. My mother and grandmother had this type of high quality spatula when I was growing up in the fifties. But try to find one at your local stores, 
Nice Pillows. When the pillows first arrived they were flat as a board but after shaking and fluffing them they were big and soft. Nice buy.Lor  
A great start to making jerky. Nesco American Harvest produces some of the finest dehydrators around, that s a given. I ve owned several different brands and these folks know 
egg cooker adventure. The egg cooker was great. 2 weeks later it died. Apparantly this is an old model and Oster has improved it. We now have a new egg 
Don t cry for me. These goggles really work.....I put them on then chop onions...no tears! And, they actually improve my vision a little, so I would highly recommend to 
Great idea - if they last. We got these cartridges along with our fountain and set the whole thing up at once. Very nice looking, very easy to attach and 
Clean with baking soda!.... Took the pan home and promptly fried a steak on high, thereby causing an apartment full of smoke and a pile of burnt crud on the 
Suction doesn t suck. ;- . My previous vacuum was a Kenmore canister, which was good for its time, but it was starting to show its age and being a 
A Great Everything Bowl!!. I love this bowl! It s the first bowl that I reach for when I am preparing something in the kitchen. It looks great and is 
These are the best!. These are the best dog training pads that I have tried. My four and a half year old chihuahua prefers to use pads rather than to 
Great!. The cast iron pan came in record speed and it was fabulous ~ a great gift  
Best coffee maker I ve had. Suberb, fast and great coffee. I grind my beans each morning with the KitchenAid Pro and use this pot. Perfect coffee you won t 
love it... I love this pot. it s just the right size to make veggies to go with dinner. it is the exact size of the small burner on my 
Recomend it!. I love and and bought one for my parents as well as my in laws....great for my morning tea. Favorite feature is the auto shut off, I can 
Best Knives I ve Ever Had. These wonderful knives are extremely sharp and do the job in half the time of my other ones, and they weren t a cheap 
The BEST Cervical roll-- for me, at least. As a physical therapist who suffers from neck pain, this is the ONLY pillow that I can use without waking up to 
Very Good Set of inexpensive knives. I just got these knives for 50 via a one day amazon sale and I m estatic about the quality. Even for their normaly 
Love the machine, but would like more control. I ve been using my Zojirushi for over two years now and make at least a couple loaves of whole wheat sandwich 
Best Wine Opener Available!. This is by far the best wine opener I have ever used. It is beautiful, a work of art, just to start with--therefore it can be 
Le Creuset Tagine. I have found this to be valuable addition to my kitchen. I am interested in Mediterranen cooking and this is a traditional form in Morocco. This is 
Banana Split, Anyone??. I got this icecream scoop as part of a set. Not only does it look great in my kitchen, I just made banana splits tonight for my 
Great for small items!. I bought a couple of these for misc. craft supplies and other small stuff . I actually even bought one for shoes and put all my 
best can opener ever. I ve gone through half a dozen can openers in just a few years, and then just as I was despairing that I would never find 
This is the one, baby!. I have an 16-month -old messy eater. This sweeper picks up cheerios, wet rice, crumbs of all sorts. In also handles sand on a door 
Toasty Goodness!. I LOVE my Dualit! It makes great toast EVERY time, is nearly indestructible, and looks smashing on my countertop. What more could one ask form a toaster??I usually 
1001 uses-- set it and forget it! . I was reluctant to purchase a food steamer because I have a family of very picky veggie eaters and thought this was 
Power Cups. The Presto Popcorn maker states you must use the PowerCup Concentrators. I made a lot of mistakes my first couple of weeks using this unit which destroyed the 
It makes me feel like a sensual women. Before I bought this item I had been curious as to what it would feel like, and what the big deal was 
happy. very good buy my friend bought 3 o thm on my recomadation i is very usefullllover the home, ilove the variey it offers easy to assemble stainless steel 3 
Absolutely fabulous. The grinders perform exactly as described. They are attractive and I would recommend them highly  
Little noisy but works great. Big hit!. We had a lot of fun with this fountain at a couple of parties. It s a little noisy, but you won t 
Beautiful!. This flatware is absolutely gorgeous. I have three sets, since they are fancy enough to use for formal dinners. They have a great feel to them, and best of 
Hands down the world s greatest cup of coffee, no kidding. As a certified coffee snob, I thought it didn t get better than french press. Fugetaboudit! The Aeropress renders 
not mini but HUMUNGOUS. These are the same size as the Siliconezone fluted tart pan which I paid twice as much for. I thought these were minis and planned to 
Great cookware. What can I say, this is a great piece of cookware.It can be used as a stirfry, shallow casserole, large skillett and verious other uses.The instructions that came 
excellent. We ve had this vacuum cleaner for half a year now and are very happy with it. I recommend it to everybody. Very light , follows you everywhere , 
Works well, but has bright light. I ve had this humidifier for a couple months now and have run it almost every night. It runs through two nights per filling 
came in good condition. We purchased this item for an office. It looks good and is quiet. Unlike the other reviewers, we had no problems with the condition in which 
Revereware Cookware. I love these pans. I have already owned them for 18 years and wanted more. Just don t put them in the dishwasher because the handles get faded 
Braun Kettle. This Kettle is fast when it comes to heating water. One problem is that it draws a lot of electricity in the process.We can not have our 2 
AWESOME PRODUCT - AFFORDABLE PRICE QUALITY!. My first food processor was Hamilton Beach from the late 70 s and it was still going strong but I accidently threw away the 
This is one fine sucker. I m really pleased with this vacuum. I love the size too. I live in an apartment with little storage space and it s nice 
This vacuum SUCKS which is AWESOME . Wow! I can t believe how a quiet and b powerful this vacuum is. I was really skeptical when my wife bought this 
A Snap!. This was very easy to put together and it holds a lot of coats. Great product at a great price  
Works great and easy to set up!. We use this to monitor the temperature in our Endless Pool and it works great! Much easier than uncovering the pool and looking 
Very well made. The item looks better in person. We planned on using it in the closet. After seeing the ladder we want to display it  
Gorgeous!. I ve used this for everything from veggies, to bread, to rice, to a centerpiece bowl. Fabulous  
Can t complain at all. I have had this carafe & a larger version for 10 years & still am amazed at how long the coffee stays hot! If you 
Croscill Shower Curtain Liner. This shower curtain was perfect for letting in light, but giving a sense of privacy. It is the perfect shower curtain for a bathroom that has 
Good Fryer - Read the Book. In response to the previous user leaving a poor rating because of this fryer s timer. On my Operating Instructions page 9 it says 
The Kids Loved It. We bought this for my sons family as a Christmas Gift and they totally love it, it works just as stated so when they are in 
Handy, Convenient and Bright. Love this little light. Easy to read by at night while the wife sleeps. Clips on the headboard and doesn t wake her up by spreading 
A Cooling Breeze Where You Need It. Delivering mail in my postal vehicle in the summertime in Florida gets kinda warm...can you spell H-A-D-E-S? The little fan that is installed 
Works great!. I got this egg cooker about a week and a half ago and have used it several times with great success. The poached eggs were great and my 
Very Beautiful!!!!!!. Excellant quality stools! Very sturdy and comfortable. Arrived on time, had no problem with shipping.  
Worth the Money. This toaster is the last one we will have to buy. The brushed stainless finish looks great on the counter. Easy to use and does different types 
An End to Procrastination. I have a large dining kitchen area with laminate flooring. I have three children, ages 16, 13 and 10- the youngest kids are boys. I have 
Yummy toast and looks great too!. This toaster makes the best toast of any toaster I have ever owned and it looks GREAT! I tossed my blue plastic Cuisinart, which 
I never heard of a ramekin. I bought a bunch of LeCreuset and these came as a gift. I suppose you use these for a fancy dessert, I don t 
BEAUTIFUL and an EYE catcher!. This wine decanter is WONDERFUL! I ve purchased three to date, two as gifts because they are SO ADMIRED! Definitely a &quot;taker&quot; for anyone that 
Best Kitchen Appliance Ever!!!. I have had the processor since November and have used it extensively. Having the three bowls has been wonderful for dicing small items like onions or 
Dyson. I thought my wife had lost her mind when she told me how much money she was planning on spending on a vacuum cleaner. We have a small cat 
AWESOME. This rug is wonderful. I absolutely love it. A friend of mine purchased the exact same one after seeing mine. The price is incredible  
the old fashioned products are the best. The can opener arrived in damaged packaging, which was disapointing because it was to be a stocking stuffer. However, the product itself is 
vear easdy and covienent. i love it, came ready to use out of the box, lots of hanging space, no tools necessary, i use it often and i love it, 
Bialetti Brikka, 4 Cup. I bought mine about a month ago and love it.First, someone mentioned how difficult it is to take apart - after I make the coffee, I 
Perfect for dry food. The ice trays wont keep wet food cold for more than a day but it works perfect for dry food and you cant beat the price 
Nice shams, but color described incorrectly. I ordered these shams because the description indicated that they were a subtle soft white stripe. That would have been perfect with my bedding, 
Simple does it. Nothing complicated about this unit. Hook the stand onto the back of the Drinkwell fountain, fill the container, flip it over into the stand then go play 
it works!. We purchased this to put in the closet that holds the kitty litter box. It is unbelievable how well this works. It gets rid of any smell, and 
not just for use as a lid!. I use this as a cover when reheating things in the microwave! It works excellent as a splatter sheild! Stays on, heats well, 
my kitty loves this. the moving water fasinates her and she spends more time drinking.... it s great. And the extra capacity jar works great when we are away  
naturewood dinerware. It make me happy feeling. very lovel  
A lovely Time. Only few days after I placed my order, it came in my house.A lovely and powerful timeer that my husband and I use it every day!Just Great 
Good Starting Place for Beginners. I have done a lot of dog training but I have never trained in agility before and was looking to teach my dogs something new. 
excellent blender. This blender is worth the money. I make lots of smoothies for breakfast or lunch and it does the job in 30 seconds flat. I ve gone through 
a great kitchen tool. Opens any jar or bottle better than my pipe wrench.We got some more to give as Christmas presents.Good for the more mature consumer, possibly witharthritis in 
Simply Stunning. Now that I finally got my set of 4 I am pleased to report that they are stunning. The excellent bright tangerine glaze that Fiestaware is famous for 
Great Little Waffle Maker. This waffle maker is very fast, you can make four waffles in the time it used to take to make one or two. It is neat 
GREAT PRODUCT. Our 3 cats LOVE this. I special ordered it b c our pet store doesn t carry it & we had received one for a gift several years 
Great for making plttar. Non-stick surface, light-weight and most importantly, makes great plttar. Plttar is a Swedish type of blini, like a smaller version of Swedish pancakes.  
SUNBEAM is SUPERIOR TO KITCHEN AID. I HAVE GIVEN MY TWO DAUGHTERS THE BEST KITCHEN AID MIXERSTHEY BOTH HATE THEM !!! THEY ARE SO HEAVY AND OF COURSE DO NOT 
Too big and too expensive. You can get this item from Home Goods store for 14 dollars. The boiler must be at least 10 to 12 inches in diameter making 
Absolutely amazing. This is the best bottle opener out there. It uncorks a bottle with almost zero effort. Compact. I could go on and on about what a fantastic product 
Mmmmmmm...smoooothies. This is basically the smoothie-o-matic. My wife makes yogurt and fruit juice smoothies for the kids so they ll volunteer to get their protien and their vitamins. We filled 
Tiered cake stands. These are a great value and I was thrilled to find them. I had searched local retailers and online retailers and had difficulty locating them. I was 
Dependable little conversation piece. This is a straight-forward butter bell built to last, and everyone asks about it. It s solid and easy to use, and butter indeed lasts longer 
Fantastic machine minus the frother. My wife and bought this to replace a more expensive coffeeemaker that decided to quit working after just a year. Since having the Mr. Coffee, 
not bad. its good but not as good as i expected.....i had an old tray witch is also melamine but it looks more sturdy and a little heavy than this 
Perfect. I bought the gravy boat, with the matching 47 pc dinnerware set, for my sisters bridal shower. It is Made in England. Its a beautiful blue color that matches 
Very nice, but not perfect. Out of 7 breakfasts a week we have pocket sandwiches at least 3-4 times, so i guess we like it. ut it took us time 
Great Chocolate Product. I bought this chocolate melter from the website chocolatemelter.com . We used the deluxe chocolate melter to melt chocolate for Christmas and give treats to our neighbors. 
very comfy bedding. the husband is very pleased about the quality and price of the sheets. it is very soft and comfortable. the color is not a dark purple as 
Sturdy, Inexpensive, Pretty, Eco-Friendly. Sturdy, Inexpensive, Pretty,and Eco-Friendly for those who can t afford the things in the eco-friendly catalogs and web stores that are obviously geared towards a small 
My kitties love it. We bought one for my home office, and my largest cat loved it but couldn t fully fit on it he likes to stretch out when 
Sakura Artasis Dinnerware. Completely satisfied with the dinnerware set. The glase helps when rinsing before putting in the dishwashwer. Will tell everyone how great they are.  
Really nice professional knives. I recently bought a Henckels Professional S 9-Piece Block set, and I must say that it looks and feels like the real deal.My brother is a 
Second verse, same as the first. I bought these to go with Colonial Boston flatware that we already owned. I m always a little concerned when I buy something like 
i love my set but.... I just bought this set in the store and I love it. The bowls are nice and big as are the mugs. The only problem 
Very nice. Nice, heavy-duty grapefruit spoon, but elegant, too. Narrow handle, but very, very sturdy. I m very pleased with these spoons  
It s just a great machine. I have this unit, it is remarkable how it works. If you are a coffee lover, especially cappuccino.....it s no fuss, fast and great 
Dissapointed. I think this item is a great buy. Well designed and very functional although I use it for my DVD s instead of CD s. However, my DVD collection 
little blender is a Whiz!. Love this little blender. Mix in container add a rim and drink. Blades are permanently attached, so no leakage. A great little smoothie, breakfast drink 
Great product!. Fabulous! This has proved very helpful in my closet. Easy to setup with the simple velcro strap. The open top even leaves room for a shoe horn and 
My first choice in spatula s when reaching in the drawer!. I do A LOT of baking and I have used my fair share of spatulas. I can honestly say 
Great Shower Curtain. I really like this shower curtain. I ll never go back to rings. Just wash on occasion. Bought two so I could just change them out when 
Love the sheets. The sheets are just what I was looking for. The delivery time was good. Am very happy with my purchase  
Very cute!. I bought this for my 2 little girls who are always throwing their clothes on the floor, and I am just thrilled! They now put their dirty clothes 
Kygen Dog Agility Kit. THIS IS THE GREATEST! I had been pricing kits at about 1500 and more. This was the answer to my dreams. It is good quality, simple 
Great waffle iron. The waffle iron works great. It takes some adjusing to the baking powder amount in the recipe and how you position the batter on the iron to 
Best appliance in my kitchen. I ve been using this pressure cooker for the past 3 years. It is by far the best appliance in the kitchen. I use it 
A great BBQ grill thermometer. This thermometer works well and it can take the high heat generated by a gas BBQ grill. The Taylor thermometer I bought first broke the 
As Advertised. This definitely improves the taste of the coffee. I ve always heard that traditional filters suck up some of the flavoring oils from the coffee, but after trying 
Cheaper than elsewhere. So you need filters for your Roomba...well, here they are and they re fairly cheaper than iRobot themselves from time to time. Not really much to say...the 
best travel mug. This mug holds more liquid than most others, or at least more than those that will fit into the car cup holders. It keeps my coffee and 
Presto 06003 Options Electric Multi-Cooker Steamer. I like this machine, it s simple to operate, lightweight, and stores easily. However, it frequently makes an annoying clicking sound as it adjusts 
Belgian Waffler. I haven t made waffles since I was a kid but I remember what a mess it was back then. The Belgian Waffler proved easy to use and 
Just what I needed. I asked for this for Christmas. I was excited to see it under the tree. I use it on a regular basis. It makes cooking a 
Muffin Rings - Ring True. The price was excellent. Ordering was quick and easy. Delivery was prompt. The high quality of the muffin rings was matched by their performance in 
Good board!. I never know what to do about cutting boards. My preference is wood, but the upkeep to keep them from warping and in good shape is too much 
Incredible Bargain!. It s hard to find anything wrong with such a damn good juicer that I only paid 25 for. What can beat that? Money very well spent.It does 
Very pleased. I am very pleased with the product and service received. I would purchase again  
Fresh OJ in Boston? Orange-X makes it possible. I have only good things to say about my Orange-X. This review technically refers to the white version, not the silver, but 
great product could have ued the extras. the vaccum itself is awesome. i was under the assumption that the beater bar handle brush was coming with it. no way to 
Excellent product. My wife loves these colander bought 2 for her . Beautiful colander with fine craftmanship. Definitely recommended  
dusting cut in half. since we live on a gravel road, dust was always a big problem. Since we purchased the Hamilton Beach air filter, dusting is cut in half, 
Christmas Success!!!. The thing I like best about these cookie cutters is that all five of them snap together for easy storage. They clean up easily and made some beautiful 
duvet set. This exceeded my expectations. The set was a very lovely icy blue, very smooth, and well made. This was an awesome buy. It was a bit big for 
Worth it!. Great product at a great price. The first shipment came broken and amazon replaced it immediately without the hassles of having to return a broken item.Thank you  
Wanting another one in the dark color... We have one, like a couple other reviewers here, in the dark color; we ve had it for probably a couple of years. 
Pretty decent. The humidifier seems to add a decent amount of moisture to the air. The filters seem to be turning yellow pretty quickly though so I guess I ll 
Best Smoothie maker!. Was looking into buying a magic bullet but after reading through reviews on various sites, I saw that it was not worth the 59.99 and is made 
Revere 4-quart steamer. This is a good product at a good price and is large enough to steam vegetables for a crowd. I used to use a folding steamer but 
Clothes Addict. I really like this steamer and would recommend it to anyone who hates ironing as much as I do! This is perfect for travel and at home because 
Really pleased. I had never heard of Zojirushi before but I was being very picky, holding out for a coffeemaker that makes 4-6 cups aka two mugs, uses a cone-bottom 
Absolutely Lovely - Better than expected!. I purchased the Renaissance Banana Tree Fruit Basket as a birthday gift for my sister. The package arrived at my door sooner than expected, 
Great product at a great price. I shopped around all my local discount stores and drug stores and could not find this item at most, or when I did, it 
I love the blinkers!. I love the pet blinkers, especially for my black lab. I feel so much better about taking her for walks around dusk. This is a must-have 
Wonderful blanket!. This blanket is a nice soft, great fitting, wonderful blanket. I am very happy with it! Gorgeous color.  
Love the bowls!. Very colorful, stack well, and go in the dishwasher. I use them all the time. They are less cumbersome than my stainless steel mixing bowls  
Rapid Water Boiling. I recently purchased the Toastess Kettle and have been extremely pleased. I use it to make tea in my office and it heats water faster than anything 
A Versatile Pan For All Kinds of Cooking. I have a growing number of cast iron pans from Lodge and this is one of my most used and favorite pieces. 
Love it!. My sister in law bought this and thought it was great. I gave it a try and I love it! Makes dusting a breeze! Furniture, TV screens, hard 
Wonderful product. Very helpful for a cold home. I love this - it keeps the bed toasty. I takes some time to warm up the bed. I turn it to 
jersey sheets. These sheets are great. Super soft and the best Jersey Sheets I have owned. Plus the prices for them are better than other jersey sheets of less quality. 
Cry once... Yes, the price of a Wusthof Classic is intimidating, and yes, you will feel buyer s remorse...until you use it for the first time. Even for the casual 
A great machine for the office. Very quick and good coffee as long as you buy the proprietary pods, which can be found on line usually with free shipping  
Gorgeous Dining Room Set!!!. I received this set today, and assembled it all by myself. I m a petite frame person so that s saying a lot. It was extremely 
All Clad LTD 11 inch squaqre nonstick griddle. My son recommended this griddle as he had purchased one and liked it. I am satified  
Convenience. We have been known to make our every-two-week pilgrimage to Costco to get our bottled water. Honestly, it is a lot of work to carry water around. And like 
love them!. Stiff at first; after a few washes they get a very creamy-soft feeling that I love. I have a large-capacity washer and dryer -- they are so thick 
speechless. This is a magnificent comforter. Second from the top of the Royal Velvet line there s about seven models with Gold being top but unavailable when I was shopping. 
more brown then amber. I went to Target today as I just had to see the lamps lit up to see if they were something I d want to buy. 
beautiful. I am a big fan of the Royal Albert collection. This particular piece is a beautiful addition to my collection. I am quite satisfied with my purchase  
Light stick vacuum with lots of good sucking power. The only negative is that the cord is a bit short and we have to use an extension cord to really 
Top-notch cookware, unlike any other!. I received the 6-piece cookware for Christmas and I have to say that this is one of the best gifts I ve EVER received! After 
Very Nice for the Money. Nice bargain! They have a crisp hand and are not as soft as most satteen; however, I m sure after a few washings they will 
Krups FBC2-12. My husband and I are very happy with the Krups toaster. It is so easy to use and VERY easy to clean which is a big plus for 
How I love my new pans. I studied all the pots and pans for several months, and looking for bargains on the internet. I even went to a store where 
Great Toy. My dog absolutely loves this toy. It didn t take him long to figure out how to get the balls out of the cube and it never fails 
Great product for the money. If you have pets and are constantly dragging out your heavy vacuum cleaner, then you will love this one. I bought this vacuum as a 
Great stuff. I ve had a set of three of the Visions see-through cookware for about 12 years now. Recently the medium-sized one broke my fault and I came to 
At last, my KitchenAid silicone brush. I find very useful and long lasting to use silicone utensils: spatulas, spoons, oven mitts, pot holders, etc. With this brush I can spread 
It added beauty to our photos. We used this piece to cut our cake and used the server to serve it at our wedding. A touch of elegance was added 
love it. This is a must if you love garlic! Perfect roasted garlic in 27 minutes!! BUY IT AND YOU TOO WILL LOVE IT  
Superb, versatile knife. You just can t beat Global knife products....they are comfortable to hold and use, and the blades are razor sharp. Handle with care and enjoy  
Excellent for Small Doggies. We have two small Poms who like to get their teeth into everything.They will stay busy trying to get the treat out for a long time, 
VERY GREAT HEATER!. I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY BROTHERS ROOM AS IT GETS COLD ON THOSE WINTER NIGHTS AND I DIDNT WANT HIM TO FREEZE GOT THIS HOPING IT WOULD 
I like it. I ve had mine about two years now. I have actually used the potato french fry cutter on apples. I like the size it cuts the apple 
Love it!. It doesn t take up much room, it has a smart space near the bottom to stash excess cord, it s easy to use, it s easy to 
Cool utensil crock!. I don t like those cutsie utensil crocks with little pale prints of flowers, roosters, fruits and things like that. Also don t like those made out 
Two thumbs up!!!. This waffle maker is fantastic. I purchased this as a gift for my husband and we use it at least 3 days a week. It makes the 
Nice. Nice long knives. Long knives reach into the bottom of jars! Large size forks and spoons but not overly large. all in all I was pleasantly surprised at the 
Great value and quality. Wish I had found this sooner. A really nice kit. Great quality, and a great value. I have purchased several of the home kits over the 
For the Money, Great Deal!. Recieved the product ahead of schedule, which was a suprise since I opted for the free shipping option. The knives are of reasonably good quality, 
Great Coffee Press Set. We are very happy with the press pot and travel press pot. We have used both and get great coffee every time  
Excellent Price, Great Quality. This general purpose red wine set is a good place to start if you want to dip your toes into the world of specialized glasses that 
not what i expected, but i still could use it. i was trying to find some throw pillows for my couch but I kept getting sidetracked by other finds. I 
Beautiful dishes. This Mikasa dinnerware is so beautiful. I have enjoyed using it everyday. It goes so well with all the holiday tableclothes and decorations. I chose the white dishes 
what a great machine. ive now owned my z5 for about 2 months, and it is fun, weve already gone through a cleary water filter. our favorite thing about the 
Lots of hooks! Love it!. In a tiny house with no hall closet my husband & are were desperate for a coat rack to hold EVERYTHING! It was incredibly easy 
Nice dish. But not worth more than the Amazon sale price I paid. Very big. I was able to use it to make a small turkey over the holidays. Cleans 
New Wave Enviro Shower Filter. This is the best shower filter I have tried. I suffer from Multiple Chemical Sensitivity and have Atopic Dermatitis. It is vital that the water 
Excellent peeler - but really for righties?. I absolutely love this peeler. It is sturdy and well-constructed with a guard to protect against accidental cuts when used by children. I 
obvious must have. From pregnant to dorm room this is literally could be around your kids from day 1. It s very nicely made and you ll find a thousand 
Beautiful sheets. These are some of the best sheets I have ever purchased. Nice quality, awsome price. I ordered the color lilac and it wasn t a purple hue at 
Great product. Inexpensive and easy to use. All my kitchen knives are now sharp as razors.  
DeLonghi stink....but then :- . I knew upfront from other reviews that when you first start the DeLonghi radiator they have a bit of an oil smell. So when my 
This is a really great knife. The handle on this knife is particularly comfortable. Out of the many knives I ve tried this is one of the most comfortable.  
Very well made--love it!. This is a very well made Stoneware Casserole. It is large enough for a large chicken or a large beef roast. I use it for almost 
Very Nice Product!. This product has lived up to my expectations for a Waring appliance. Keep in mind it is a crusher and not a shaver . It will not 
Cute, comfortable and lovable. I received my Mogu about 5 months ago and I ve gone to sleep holding it ever since!They really are nice to hold.Would reccomend 100  
Beautiful. Thest Waterford flutes are absolutely beautiful. I know that some may think they are a little pricey, but its worth it. They make a great bride groom flute glass 
sturdy shoe bag. the canvas is thinner than i expected, but still okay. big enough for women size 6M sneakers  
good stuff. these heads are very nice, the price from amazon was hard to beat. Very powerful currents the reverse flow could be a little stronger but i guess if 
Wonderfully bright orange sheets. I looked at several websites trying to find an orange set of sheets to go with my Illini room and these were perfect! They re very 
I just love it--part 2. After I use the yellow stone I use this pink stone to fine tune my Global and other knives for work and my home kitchen. 
Another great mission piece!. We got this table along with the desk a year ago. They are both great. The table has survived a lot of beatings and 2 apartments. 
wonderful piece. The quality and appearance are fantastic for the price. It arrived within a couple of days of shipping and took around 1 1 2 hours to set up. 
Real Wood and Solid But... I actually get had it delivered twice. The first time it came in good packing condition but the top board was slightly warped I had 
best vacuum i ve ever owned. i count this as one of my top purchases of all time. its pretty much as powerful as an upright but not as bulky. 
acu-rite 0063. excellent thermometer. easy to use and accurate readings, for checking internal temps of meats. Great ite  
Missing Link Plus with Glucosamine for Canines. My canines love this stuff; they think it is candy!Mommy loves it cuz she doen t have to vacuum as much shedded hair 
Wonderfully Surprised!. I bought two of these to use as nightstands as my bed is high, and they were lower priced than the nightstands in the collection. I put the 
Oh Dear..... Uh Oh! I bought these pillow cases because I wanted to see what 1200 thread count cotton felt like against my cheek. All I can say is I 
This is a great blanket. I absolutely love this blanket. The extra length means that I actually have some blanket that I can tuck in at the bottom. With most 
So useful!. I m very pleased with mine. In fact, my sister-in-law admired it so, I m back to get her one. I like that it washes like a dream 
!!!!!. Nice mouth blown glass! no seem. lips are not super thin but they are much thinner than other glasses in this price range  
Great espresso cappuccino machine at reasonable price. About a year ago I was looking for an espresso cappuccino machine that would be both great in quality and easy to use. 
A GREAT Pie Dish. I recently bought this pie dish and was quite impressed when I recieved it. I absolutely love it! What a great color, style and size. I 
My pasta pot!!!. I use this pot for cooking pasta. I have the multicooker, but this is a better size for one person. It s much easier to manage. As 
Cuisinart Chef s Classic Nonstick Hard-Anodized 10-Inch Open Skillet. Good quality product, use it frequently and I am pleased with its quality and ease of clean up  
Very useful item. I ve had one of these tables for many months and it s so handy. It slides under the furniture so you can have it quite close. 
Functional with Pizzazz. I can t say enough good things about this beautifully-colored, lidded casserole dish. From fruit cobblers to hot dips or even a small lasagna, it performs extremely 
Great machine. This is in fact a very good coffee machine, so far has met all expectations in the household and we have yet to find something to complain about. 
Handy Book Light. This book light is great for reading in bed without disturbing another person. I use it with the converter so I can plug it into the wall 
Great size. Great foodsaver canister. The locking lid is a great feature which also creates handles that make it easer to lift and transport unlike the round canister . And 
Beautiful Quality. I was pleasantly suprised when my bedding arrived. The colors are beautiful and the quality is top-notch. I have a queen sized bed, and, per other reviews, here 
9 inch Lodge Logic Skillet. Very pleased with skillet & it is a very good product  
4 3 4 ounces is SMALL. I absolutely adore Fiestaware and this color is wonderful...it s a brick redish tone. However, when I ordered it I didn t realize just 
Awesome Coffee Pot!. A friend introduced me to French Press, so I had to share with my husband. I ve always been a tea drinker, but this is an awesome 
Sunny Bright. Everyday when I see this bright yellow butter dish sitting on the table I think of a sunny summer day with yellow snapdragons in the garden and hummingsbirds 
Cup warmer. My husband works from home and he loves this cup warmer. Says it s so great to get to drink a full cup of hot coffee  
First quality place settings. Bought two of these place settings and they were better quality than I see in the stores sometimes. They were an excellent price and very reasonable 
Sewing Machine carrying case. My new sewing machine that I bought at the same time fits perfect. Light weight and easy to use  
Excellent Quality and Price. I am very happy with it: inexpensive, easy to clean and nice-looking. Highly recommend  
Everyone I know wants this spoon!. I told my sister I d been looking for a really heavy-duty spoon for years and could never find just the right one. She 
Super soft & comfy!. I purchased these sheets in almost all of the available colors because of the fantastic price. I received them in a timely manner by the super 
Love this fan!. This fan is not only stylish and beautiful, it is powerful and quiet, too. I am very happy with this purchase  
Satisfied. I ordered this item for a friend. He was searching everywhere for a replacement for his present one that broke but couldn t find it. I finally found this 
Works Great. I use the bags on a Food Saver brand machine & they do a great job  
Great Grater. I ve owned lots of graters, but the folks at Cuisipro were dead on when they created this one. Super sharp blades...very similar to mircoplane blades. The attachment 
The Only Oven Mit You Should Ever Buy. As a serious cook with a big oven I needed a serious oven mit, not some cutsy kitchen glove filled with cotton 
Solid, Quality Utensil!. This is a solid quality utensil for your kitchen. I must say, I lucked out and purchased this during a Friday Sale for [...]. I probably would 
could not be any better. This ottaman is big, attractive and sturdy. It looks great and although I use it all the time I have not managed to scratch it 
Extremely pleased!. We purchased this pepper mill for ourselves. We like it so well, that we are ordering five more for gifts for our kids and friends. We have four 
Aerolatte - Hand-held frother. We took a chance on this little battery-powered frother - at less than 20, how could you go wrong, right?As it turns out, it s the 
Too pricey. Now that the price has dropped they would be worth the price. They are nice and if you buy matching pot holders, you can accessorize your kitchen  
Spode is the finest!. As usual, Spode produces the best transferware to be found. The Blue Italian Earthenware Pasta Bowl is no exception. Good, deep configuration for keeping the pasta 
Very useful !. Gr8 design, and for the price u pay it is pretty sturdy. Can hold a load of clothes. And the wheels are pretty strong  
Nice Pillow. This a very comfortable pillow which supports the neck perfectly, without being too firm. Latex won t sag over time like most other pillow types. I sleep very 
A good knife, but not perfect. I ordered this knife in order to determine whether a larger set of Global knives was in my future. Although it s a nice 
Excellent Value!. These sheets are awesome! They are beautiful, soft, and fit well. They are a great value. They are not permanent press, though, and may require some light ironing 
Jura-Capresso Super Star Shines. This is the pinnacle of automatic coffee centers made by Europe s foremost manufacturer of fully automatic coffee machines. Commercial quality for the home or office. 
This is a GREAT product!!!. This item is fantastic!! Having just tried Krumkake this past May while visiting family in Alaska, we were excited to come home and try to 
dissapointed. The dispenser is more decorative than usefull. I ment to use it for sugar and flour. But they are too refined and not recommended. When I dispense elbow macaroni, 
Great product. Felt the difference on the first use, Water did not seem as hard . Skin felt not so dry after shower. It really works  
A wonderful way to use vertical space. I bought two topsy turvy planters. They arrived in just a couple of days. The are now planted with tomatoes and bell peppers. 
Great for entertaining!. I do alot of banking and wanted something nice to display cookies, cup cakes, etc. Other stores only had two tiers but I wanted 3 to give 
Excellent air circulation for entire house! Soothing sound. I purchased this fan for my teenage son who like the drone of a fan to sleep. I have since purchased another 
Out of this world!. I love this machine! I can see why the professionals use it. It is worth the money! The planetary action is amazing  
Pretty good product. The carbon filters do a pretty good job of filtering dust, etc. before it enters the unit s main filter. They are pretty gross when changing though. 
So far, so good. I was a little wary of this item, after reading some of the other reviews, but it s worked well for me so far about a 
Clean floor. The unit was complete it box. Little assembly and it started to work easily. The wet vaccumn is great picked up the dirty water quickly. Much better than 
Great!. You won t find a better price on these filters anywhere. The water filter system is wonderful for my two cats who love drinking from the fountain. Much healthier 
Sharpener. The two blade sharpening openings on the left side which establish the new V edge are difficult to get used to and in addition, the sharpening portion on the 
Bodum Ibis. I found this water kettle to preform as advertised. It heats water quickly with the least amount of energy used. I use it to heat water for my 
Very Nice Item. This bread slicer is quite good. It has a slicing guide and also a storage container part to it. It cleans easily and was cleverly designed to 
soup bowls. I looked all over for soup bowls that were oven proof and nice looking.These bowls are just what I was looking for.They are great for Onion Soup  
A great mixer!!!. This mixer is powerful, easy to use and EASY TO CLEAN!!! I have never made bread dough and cookies with such ease  
Most useful appliance. I have owned this rice cooker for 4-5 years and worth every penny. If you eat rice this is for you. You will find that you will 
great Pan!. This pan is GREAT! I have had one for over a year now and the finish is still perfect! It s easy to clean and great for one 
Mid sized is great for oranges and small grapefruit!. I have the midsized version, and it s easy to use and clean.I juice oranges and small grapefruit. It is really 
Perfect dishrack. This is the perfect dishrack. The Platonic ideal. All other dishracks strive to be this dishrack.Seriously though, this is a sweet device. The makers clearly put a great 
Great Dog Toy. My dogs love their Kongs, especially filled with their favorite treats. Can t wait to try the Ziggies as they are supposed to fit inside the Kongs 
Tough Character. I have had my peeler almost 4 years. It feels great in your hand, has good blade protection for your fingers and has stayed very sharp. Its great 
A Beautiful Glass. Of all the Riedel glasses we have, this is by far the prettiest. While it is made for cognac, we find that this glass is great for 
the best dutch oven. I cook all the time, and love it. My 13qt lecreuset dutch oven is on my stove at least twice a week. It s simply the 
Great for Indian cooking for dhals, biriyani & more. A friend gave this as a gift to me, and I did not use it for over 6 months. Once I 
Very pleased. I never made bread before getting this food processor. I thought the bread hook thingy did a good job.I did use a small round file, like the kind 
This is a great vacuum!. I bought this for my daughter as a christmas gift. She thinks it is just awesome. I can t get her to stop vacuuming it 
The Ultimate spade. Bought one for myself last year, Ordered one for each of the kids this year. You will not find a better tool for the job. The price 
no more cat allergens. Pro: very good ratings from Consumer ReportsCon: to read the reviews here, it s loudBut it s not what I imagined. It s loud setting is 
Great!. I was stunned by how much hair this thing took off! I have 2 Welsh Corgi s and most brushes just run over their surface hair but the Furminator 
Cleans the air efficiently. I purchased the smallest version, the LW 14, for the purpose of cleaning the air in a small kitchen without windows.Air ionizers didn t rid the 
Kitchen Man. I ve had one of these in constant use for four years now and it fulfills its reason for being admirably. It is totally utilitarian and keeps my 
I Love This Stick Vac!. After reading all the reviews, I wasn t sure this product was what I wanted. After using it, I am thrilled that it is light, 
Great Pressure cooker - even for high altitudes. I use this Pressure Cooker at 6500ft. I found the adjustments that needed to be made at the Presto website:Q. Are there 
Throw away your wooden spoons and spatulas. This is absolutely the coolest kitchen tool ever. It stirs everything, from spaghetti water to scrambled eggs, stir fries, chocolate pudding, oatmeal...the list 
beautiful!. a bit smaller than I expected 2 quarts is less than it seems , but truly lovel  
Worth every penny. I have had my BrewStation coffee maker for quite some time, and actually this is my second one. The first lasted almost a year before the power 
hand soap pump dispenser. Hello,It fits in my bathroom perfectly. I love it because it is perfect for what I wanted it for  
Sealy Posturepedic pillow. This is the best pillow I have ever owned. I suffer from back and neck problems and have in the past I was always sore in the 
Perfect for serving brunch. I purchased the turquoise and sunflower a while back and just recently ordered the cobalt and cinnabar. I loved this carafe especially when serving weekend brunches--even 
Classic item at this price. I have been using Calphalon cooking wires. But those were costly. Recently I have purchase this set which seems to be equally good. The only 
So much better than the LitterMaid. I had a littermaid for about a year and a half and it never really worked as well as I hoped. It was loud, 
Great vacuum with minor complaints. I purchased this vacuum because I was tired of being pregnant and lugging my heavy Hoover upright around the house. The Flair does a great 
Hooray for warm and comfy!. Love it! Fluffy, warm, and light. Perfect for snuggling up into on those cold, blustery days or for building a make-shift fort. : Big enough 
Excellent addition to the set. These are thick and well constructed. They match the Pfaltzgraff Mystic set perfectly... what the heck would you expect? I ll have to throw out 
WOW Factor!. I bought this chocolate fountain for a 3rd grade class Valentine s Day Party. It was the talk of the whole school. The kids loved it. I used 
Quick and Easy. I have used this at least 7 or 8 times since I purchased it. It is great and does a good job of mincing the garlic. Just 
Exactly as advertized. This Knife was reviewed in COOK S ILLUSTRATED and is, as they stated, exactly what a knife is supposed to be. Short of spending 475.00 for a 
Success in the luxury towel search!. I bought one of these towels in a quest to satisfy my sweetie s desire for a thick, soft, huge bath sheet that gets 
Very pleased. I am really enjoying this little can opener. It is also compact for easy storage. So far no problems. I had a hard time locating it. I was 
Good value price. Just tested this mixer a few days ago by making my usually hand-kneaded whole wheat bread recipe. It did the job well enough, although it was a 
Beautiful flatware. I got this as a gift for my daughter. She will add it to her existing set. Beautiful, clean and very modern flatware. Great price, too  
This machine is great!. I did a lot of research for pasta makers, both automatic and manual. I decided to try the Lello 2200. The first pasta spaghetti I made 
Great Sheets with Great Price!. Quality sheets for the price I paid for them. They are a rich color and didn t bleed when washed. I had to wash them 
old school easy and reliable. Westclox still rules analog travel alarm clocks. This is easy to read, easy to set and has the alarm on off button on top. To 
Kitchen Knives. Who me cooking? Yes, I thought it was about time I owned some knives that actually cut through all the way without pounding...I love the knives a lot 
Great Teapot. We are very happy with this teapot, just super. The transaction went smoothly and received the product when it was suppose to be delivered. We really like this 
Great bar stools. I bought 3 of these bar stool for our kitchen bar. They were very easy to assemble. The screws were a bit dirty, so be sure to 
It is what it is... Replacement filter works well. Tends to form a bit of mold and musty smell if left sitting in water while humidifier is not running. I 
fiesta peacock 16pc place setting. the fiesta dinnerware was everything I hoped for. It was shipped in a timely fashon and came undamaged  
Husband loves griddle. This was a gift for my husband for his birthday. He loves to cook and I now get week-end breakfast straight from this griddle. It works great 
I think it makes a difference. I bought this item in October 2005, somewhere around when Amazon introduced it, I think. In February 2005 my cat had gotten into the 
Great Office Refrigerator. I was concerned about shipping after reading the reviews on this fridge but went ahead and ordered it with standard shipping to save . It was delivered 
A great board. A great kitchen or bar cutting board. If you are tired of juices running over the edges of your cutting boards, this board is for you. You 
Best Non-Stick Cookware On The Planet!. Bought this piece about a month ago after trying out several other pieces. I love this stuff!! My original 11 fry pan still looks 
Sportsman s Charcoal Grill Solid Performer . I needed a small patio grill for just a couple of people. I also wanted a grill that would start up fast and 
No idea HOW, just know it WORKS. One of our two cats has chronic litter box problems. I have done tons of research and taken him to the vet numerous 
What happened to the other color?. I have one in a dark color. I can t find anymore anywhere. Anyone know if they stopped making the other color  
does what it does. i bought this pillow for my wife. she sleeps with a teddy bear and is always doing work homework in bed. she was just promoted and 
Fast and furious for frothy, foamy fun!. Okay, sorry about the alliteration. Powered by four AA batteries, this little speedster works really, really well, turning a half-cup of milk into 
I knew I d use it!. I have wanted a grill pan FOREVER!! I saw this great deal and knew I needed to buy it!! I bet we have used 
Worth the higher price. I think that this is a very nice slow cooker and well worth the higher price. It s the only brand I found that is 4 
many uses, cooks great!!. I have found a favorite use for this item...make drop biscuits and cook in this pan. They form a nice crispy crust, rise well, and do 
Worth the money. This is the machine you are looking for. It has easy clean-up, it is well made, and performs like it supposed to. REALLY WORTH THE MONEY! GO 
Highly recommended item. These decanter dryers are great. You just plop them into your decanter and you can put it back in it s storage space, wherever that is, without 
Insulated Tropix Rainbow Tumblers. We love these glasses. They keep your drinks cold and not leave marks on your tables. They are dishwasher safe and look great at a great 
Great little BBQ. I bought this for my fiancee who happens to be very picky. He had asked for a Hibachi as we cannot afford a Kamado right now and 
great. I don t have kids or dogs or cats in my house, and I didn t think that my carpet needed any deep cleaning, but this product and the 
Great sturdy grill pan!. I must have looked at over 50 different grill pans...online and in stores and i really wanted one that had diagonal grill lines and a flat 
Kaiser Noblesse Rectangular 9x13 inch Springform Pan. Nice pan. Works great for brownies, which are my speciality. : However, was a bit disappointed in quality of pan itself. I was 
Itty-Bitty Lamp. I have looked over this product it is a birthday present for someone else, so I haven t actually used it and find that it meets all my 
6 quarts!. comes with a recipe book to make either 6 quarts, 5 quarts or 4 quarts and within about an hour, you ve got homemade ice cream. the ice 
This stuff works better than expected. We ve been using these for a month and we are very happy  
GREAT PRODUCT. I purchased the Le Creuset Baker with the bonus 16 oz baker and they are great. They can easily go from the oven to the table. The 1-1 
Perfect size for lunch. These bowls are a perfect size for holding one portion. Much better than plastic containers that melt in the microwave. I use one almost every day 
These work fine. I have two of these CDN dgital thermometers and they work fine. I liked the first one well enough that when I decided I needed a second 
Alicia s humidifier. My granddaughter visited me recently and slept in a room with this humidifier in it and never had a better night s sleep. So I bought her 
Utility Scissors. These scissors are easy to clean. We have used them as a screwdriver, a bottle opener, wire cutters, and of course scissors. I highly recommend a pair of 
great for bars. last weekend i hosted a party for my friends and family and this blender was the most used appliance in my kitchen! its perfect for behind the 
EMILE HENRY BOWLS. THESE BOWLS ARE GORGEOUS, VERY STURDY,A WONDERFUL ADDITION TO ANYONES KITCHEN  
Great Suction, Not so great attachements. The vac is great for wood floors. I cleaned over a thousand square feet of dusty wood floor and suction was great beginning to 
Much neater than plaster. I purchased this for my wife following a failed attempt at capturing a good impression using a traditional plaster-based set. This was much neater and easier 
The best cat litter you can get for your money--highly recommended!!!. When I adopted a cat a couple of weeks ago, two of my good friends highly recommended Fresh Step 
Keep it Hot!. I love this airpot! I have two of them that I use on a weekly basis for get-togethers with friends. If there is left-over coffee the next 
This Sugar Dispenser is sweet!!. This sugar shaker takes me back to the one s we used to see on every diner table before backaged sugars came along. It s 
Very nice. Its a great sandwich maker and easy to clean. Sandwiches all come out perfect The stainless steel outside is a nice touch  
A great value. I am a bit of a Le Creuset fanatic, and I admit it. I use this dish constantly. I am cooking for just my husband and myself 
steel. excellent purchase, better than the one I had when working in a packing house  
Cheap, lightweight, picks up a bowling ball... It s hard to imagine anyone would need a more powerful minivac, as it really does lift a bowling ball, so of course 
Do the Twist!. I purchased this oddity elsewhere, and have been surprised how well it works! And quickly... Some have mentioned that it is difficult to get started with the 
Useful Copper Accents. We were pleased with the size and weight of the salt and pepper set as we use it for cooking. If you like to fill your shakers 
Practical, fast and good coffee. Excellent value. No frills. Heats and makes two cups or a large cup quickly.  
Not as bright. These lights are very handy but they are not as bright as I hoped. The directional option is nice but it makes the light not focused unstead 
Henckels 7-slot Knife Roll. A very practical and inexpensive way to carry your knives if you re a cook on the go. 7 slots should be more than enough to 
Finally I have a toaster that works!. This is an excellent toaster. We went through a series of cheapo toasters from Walmart or wherever and I could never get good 
Chef Quality. These are the tongs every cook and or bbqer needs. They are chef quality. Throw away all the others that don t really grab anything and slide from 
nice, just like they look in the photo. Not much you can say about coasters....but these are nice, I m glad I got the  
Just beautiful... My mom has most of the Royal Albert Collection. These just added the elegance her collection needed  
A two-slice Easy Bake Oven. I was excited to open this toaster oven when it arrived at my doorstep. As I took it out of the box my first thought 
Love it!. I bought this mixer for my dad. I have a Kitchenaid but the reviews liked this model better for bread making, my dad s passion, I agree. He 
Fast and easy steamer. This food steamer works extremely fast. Within 10 minutes of turning it on, you will have perfectly steamed broccoli, asparagus, etc. I love the fact that 
GOOD VALUE. Not the same finish as our existing All-Clad set but for the price it s a good deal  
Recommend... beware the width. These are good quality sheets. They are a bit narrow compared to what I m used to. I ve used them everyday for about 2 months 
Good. I had no problems with this sheet...its a sheet....lol. A bit slicker and noiser then 100 cotton but they are fine for me.  
Nice quality..a handy kitchen addition. This item is well worth the money. The price is right and the quality is great. It is perfect for the kitchen where counter space 
Great oven after warranty repair . Even though this was the first toaster oven we bought, we decided to spend rather more money and buy a quality item. The oven 
Don t Waste Your Time Looking For Somehting Else. I debated this purchase because I originally wanted an all metal design. But after purchasing this model, I became convinced that 
Works very well. I purchased this because I want to eat healthier foods, but I m short on time, and I dislike cleaning up lots of pots and pans. It 
It makes your water taste better. . .period. I am not a chemist, nor am I a physician my wife is, though . I am, however, a parent, and I 
Nor Pro Stainless Steel Composter Keeper. This is really great on the counter because it s non-breakable and very easy to clean. It would be nice if it was a 
Great cookie cutter. I used this cookie cutter for a baby shower, and everyone thought the cookies were adorable. Hold it securely when cutting shapes from dough, as it is 
I just love it. I guess I m a traditionalist since I don t use machines to sharpen my knives--this isn t just great for Global knives--it works well on 
THE BOSS. LOVE THIS MACHINE IT EFFORTLESSLY CLEANS MY WOODEN FLOORS AND DRIES THEM INSTANTLY. FIND IT IS MUCH EASIER TO DO THE FLOOR IN SMALLER SECTIONS, WASH THEN DRY. 
Very Popular with the Nuclear Submarine Force. First came across the Extreme Tumbler while in drydock. One of the shift engineers had a Starbucks version. Since then there has been 
Almost perfect. So far this chair has worked out great! The seat is very comfortable and the gliding motion is very smooth. You don t need to put out much 
Wusthof Sharpener 2904 works great. This sharpener is easy to use and works well. I like how I can set it on the counter and it won t move when 
Great. Glasses focus aromas well and provide a nice counter-point to Reidel. Anyone who worries about lead content need not because there is very little free lead in a glass 
Soft but Delicate. I loved these towels when I first got them, but they stain easily and they are a little fragile for my house. I ll probably purchase additional 
Best pizzelle maker I ever used. The pizelle s just lifted off the machine without any effort and were not burned  
This blender beats them all. I used to have the most popular small blender you probably know what one I am talking about it is a seen on TV product 
Hamper Helper. This hamper on wheels is great if you have a distance to carry wet laundry to your clothesline. The only thing I don t like about it is 
excellent product. I had an old panasonic one for over 16 years, and the manual pump finally broke it still pumped, but it made a squeeking noice when we use 
Cats n tha hood. This is a wonderful product that saves so much time as far as cleaning out cat litter boxes on a very regular basis.As a person with 
Gets the most hair off my Ragdoll cat. I have a long haired Ragdoll cat. He is a constant shedder. My husband saw this and bought it for me. My 
I love my cookware. I was a little sceptical about buying non-stick, as I am a previous stainless steel user, but I really like the hard anodized non-stick surface. It 
 Great Bargin . It did exactly what it was supposed to do namely hold ties for a cheap price. Excellent value, great product!!  
excellent value for price. This sauce pan does the job, has even heat distribution, and is easy to clean. The price here on Amazon, especially when there is a special 
Whitley Sorter Review. Excellent product. Took a little while to sort out the instructions for putting it together but when I did it went together pretty quickly. I love the 
What a treat!. I received by Bialetti expresso maker and milk frother yesterday and was anxious to try it for breakfast this morning. I followed directions as they were printed 
So glad I bought this!. I have been wanting one of these for a long time. I had it on my wish list but didn t get one for Christmas. 
awesome item... but beware huge costs on s & h!!!. check out my review I did for the 14 diameter one  
handy item!. My kitties eat too much if I use a cat food dispenser. This allows me to have control over portion size and frequency of feeding. I use it 
You must buy an excellent grinder. Rancilio Silvia is a great way to get a pro machine at home. But like all pro machines, much depends on its enviroment; with 
Yum!. I agree with other reviewers that the amount of oil specified in the directions is just a bit too much. However, this product makes great popcorn, is tons of 
Beautiful. These are very lovely. The color is deep and captivating, and the size is just right for individual servings. Haven t baked with them yet- but so far so 
Excellent Filter for an Excellent Air Purifier. This Hamilton Bch Air Purifier does a more than adequate job of cleaning the air in a room up to 300 Sq Ft 
Warmer nights. I bought this coforter because it was cheap and had enough stars that I would buy this. It turns out it was great, so warm and fluffy. You 
No Fleas on My Kitties. I love this product. Living in Florida with two cats who can go in and out at will can be problematic 9 months out of 
Platters away. Good basic platter for smaller dishes. Certainly not big enough for large servings of meat, etc  
Simply the best!. It took a little tweaking before I fully mastered the art of espresso making. I tried to use the Perfect Crema rubber disc that came with the 
WONDERFUL. I purchased this set from my local PetSmart to replace the piece-of-junk Oster kit we originally bought. It is just night and day! My Oster was constantly clogging with 
good choice for solitary betta. This is a much better tank for betta than a goldfish bowl, or any odd centerpiece design with lilly, or other flowers in it. This 
Revere Ware is always reliable. I bought this as part of the 2-quart set with the saucepan included. Revere Ware is very high quality and is the best value in 
Luxury, Class, and Beauty. What a phenomenal comforter! I never thought I would spend so much money on my bedding, but when I saw this set in person I just 
Those darn little serrations... I think the title says it all. For a more detailed review see my posting under &quot;Henckels International Eversharp Pro 7-Piece Stainless Steel Knife Set with 
Loud is good in this case.... I hesitated buying this vacuum because of reviews about how loud it is. But I took a chance and agree, it is loud. However,it 
Good Investment for Kitchen. This sharpener workes better than I expected. It is reasonably priced, easy to use, and does the job well.  
awesome oven mitts!. These mitts are great--large enough to accommodate large hands and to extend fairly high up the arm, machine washable, and magnetic so they stick right on the 
Mostly pleased. I am very happy with the color and the height of my new can opener. The only complaint I have is that the magnet that holds the lid 
Waterproof Pad. I m sure this waterproof pad would be exceptional for most instances. It just couldn t handle the demands placed on it by our thirteen year old son. 
For a Present. This was a present for my brother as a wedding shower gift. They had registered for this item and were very pleased when they opened it up! 
Necessity. Should be included in with the fountain. It was absolutely impossible to clean before took an hour, I am not kidding but using this kit makes it easy & 
Awesome Carpet Cleaner. My carpets feel and look brand new after using the SteamVac! I love how soft it feels, so I have been using the steamvac at least every 
Does what a scale is supposed to. Looking for a traditional non-electronic scale to use in the kitchen or to weigh mail? This is your unit!!! Well constructed, easy to 
Very Pleased. Very nice scale, well designed, good price. It has what you need- tare and both whieght systems, mine s very accurate, and it s a good size- easy 
Handy Dandy Chocolate Lovers Dream. These are really just the thing for chocoholics! Very useful and well made. Also great for dipping fruits into chocolate  
Little wonder. I bought this little wonder, one for my niece and one for me. I have lots of tile in my home. My niece has hard wood floors and 
More than just a fire box... Approx. exterior measurements: 15w x 14-1 2d x 8h Item was bigger than I expected from online pic Can hold 8x11 papers without folding, 
Good Value and Performance. I ve been using these pans for several weeks now and I ve so far had no issue with them. Food seems to cook evenly and 
I love it. It is big enough to handle a pillow and a blank for my toddler. It is washable and easy to handle.My toddler loves it a lot  
Uncooperative drawers. Nice construction and finish. Works as advertised. The only problem is that low height drawers will not permit taller knives like a Santoku to fit. I m not 
Good and Bad. Bought my set 2.5 years ago, and while the quality is not great, the knives work great.Pros: For the price approx 25-30 dollars for the set these 
Excellent. This is a great pillow for cervical support and stretching. It s cotton and washable and worth the price  
All-Clad couldn t be better. We are proud owners of multiple All-Clad cookware. We buy All-Clad for the excellent quality and for use with our induction cooktop which requires magnetic 
Very good, but awkward. This is a fine product that does the job well of turning large easy-to-crumble items. However, it is very large and hard to store without dominating 
Partners against slime...... I love these towels with Microban. My husband and I bought a set. We were especially curious about the statement that Microban fights against mildew, etc. And, 
A beautiful rug at an extraordinary price!. I purchased this rug a couple of months ago, and could nt be happier. The quality is excellent and compares to similar rugs 
Excellent dishware. You just can t go wrong with Fiestaware. It s sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily from table to dishwasher to cabinet . And if my rough-on-dishes family 
Fiesta Persimmon Medium Canister, 2 Quarts. I love it.The lid doesn t always close enough to hid the white rubber seal.Other than that it is great  
Henckels 2-Peice Mincing Set. The actual mezzaluna is a very good piece for many uses. The cutting bowl is a nice touch but not very practical. Mezzaluna works better with 
Natural Wood Magazine Rack. This is really a neat little magazine rack. Perfectly matches my many other pieces of furniture in this collection, looks really neat. Very sturdy and stylish, 
Perfect honing steel, great length and weight. Great honing steel that is a bit longer than others I looked at seems to help a bit for the bigger knives and 
Don t buy this poster if you want to sleep at night. O.K., buy this poster if you like spooky things but don t say you were not warned. You 
fantastic. Fiestaware items are objects of beauty that I have found to be virtually indestructible. I have them at my house, and I worked for an upscale wine bar and 
Must use as a training device. I bought the bark stop about 2 weeks ago. I had read several reviews either really good or really bad so I was quite 
Great electric kettel with all steel inside. It is a great electric kettel since it contains almost nothing in plastic inside of the kettel to touch the water. I am 
WORKS GREAT!. I purchased this attachment when I bought a much needed new blender and am glad I did. It is small, but I didn t need a large food 
Once you could only get this gem from western state vets. Now, they even have them in the south!The Gentle Leader should not be confused with other head collars like 
Hooray for Kong. It appears most dogs love peanut butter. And Kong Stuff n peanut butter paste inside a Kong is a great treat for a dog  
good knifes, wish the case was more durable. The knives seem to be working out well. They came in a lightweight wooden case. I don t really thing the knives 
So glad I purchased this model!. I just got this waffle maker and have already made a perfect batch of honey wheat blueberry waffles. I can t believe how easy 
Wish I had this a long time ago!. I was semi-skeptical that this would work but I am a sucker for red kitchen items. I didn t actually buy this 
Awesome knife. My wife and I really love the Furi! We have a set of Cutco knives that have been used a lot over the years, but lately this one 
Really well made, professional frying pan. We searched locally for an 8 inch frying pan with a lid. It didn t seem to us that we were trying to find 
THE CUTEST AND BEST PILLOW. This is a great gift because there fun,cute,and usefull so when you come home from a bad day at school or work there alaways there.To 
good product. I was pleased with the shipping and the product. It was easy to put together. Just a little wobbly. Could tip over if overloaded  
No problems. I received this set packed very well, no scratches, no broken pieces so I have NO complaints. The color is beautiful and the dishes are durable.  
No More Limping. My dog does well on two a day. If he misses a dose, he s limping within hours.The downside: The tablets may be chewable, but he doesn 
works like a charm. it works great keeping my area rug in place on a very shiny hard wood floor. the shipping was fast too  
Wonderful!. I purchased the chestnut sheets. The color is beautiful, they held up well in the wash. They actually fit my 17inch deep mattress very well. The sheets are nice 
Revere 8-Inch Nonstick skillet. I love the two pans I bought. They are exactly what I need to make Swedish pancakes 2 at a time. They are also the perfect 
Pur Filter--Pure Water. I normally do no buy anything by Procter & Gamble because of their animal testing policies. The one exception is the Pur water filter. I live in 
Great!. My boyfriend and I have used this probably 10 times since we got it a month ago. It makes great food. The size is a bit deceiving and takes 
Not Deep Enough. This baking dish is really nice, but it s not 4 inches deep as the product description notes. It s about 2 1 2 to 3 max... 
great buy. This is a great value! It is only 280 thread count but feels much more luxurious than that! The fabric is very soft. The blue is a little 
Stool. I purchased this Cosco stool because my wife and i are both have arithritis and it was hard for us to reach items in our kitchen that were in 
Great Little coffee Maker!. Wow! What an easy to use coffee maker. It is very easy to program. Just what a one coffee-drinking memebr household needs  
No problems. I received this set packed very well, no scratches, no broken pieces so I have NO complaints. The color is beautiful and the dishes are durable.  
Review. The pillow was in the manuracturer s box, in brand-new packing and condition, and was delivered right on schedule  
Excellent Product. We ve had this product for about a month now and it works exactly as promised. It is very nice to have butter you can actually spread. I 
Not a knife for the distracted ... Yep, this is the knife, and I mean this one. I m sure that the other Global knives are excellent too I haven 
the center of any party. This is the home version of the fountain used by the pros - it is the center of any party, is fairly easy to use, 
Perfectly Morbid. All I have to say is that this knife set is the S-word. Once I found out about it, I knew that I needed one in my life. 
Loved. My Samoyed loves this toy and so far hasn t managed to trash it. Yay! It s sturdy and VERY chewable  
Bright and Shiny All-Clad. This product keeps my stainless cookware looking like it just came out of the box.Highly recommended  
My 2nd favorite Chef s knife. My Favorite is the 10-inch model!This Shun knife like all the others is a terrific high quality blade. They are perfect! I hate to 
Mini Non-stick Roasting Rack. After trying for years to find a suitable rack for a small roaster that we use constantly, I found this little gem. It withstands the oven 
Easy to use, delicious results. A friend told me about clay pots, so I decided to try this one. I normally cook for 2 people. This is a medium sized 
Wash Cloth review. The wash cloths are very nice. I loved the color and the feel of them. I do plan on purchases more colors.  
Perfect grilled cheese. I ve had this sandwich maker for a year or so now. It s great for grilled cheese. It cooks them perfectly and it works well if 
A nice warm coat, but it could use a few things... This review was originally posted on 12 12 05. At the time it was pretty relevant because it was 
Excellent product. Purchased the Medium model in January which worked well, but with multiple cats 3 , it was literally drained 3 times a day which says it all, if 
Great Nightstand!. I ordered this nightstand in the Dark Cherry. My order arrived earlier than expected and assembly was fairly simple. The color is beautiful and the wood is sturdy. 
MY TANK IS CLEAN!!!!!!. This power filter rocks!!!!!!! It replaced 2 filters i was using that weren t doing there job. I can finally show people my tank and not 
Great natural bookcase. I bought 3 of these. They are a great addition to my natural PC table and 2 bookcases that I already had.The price is great too  
MUST READ!!! - Avoiding Boil Over... I liked the whole idea of steaming rice in the microwave because I ALREADY HAVE a microwave oven.I didn t want to purchase another 
Not up to expectation. I researched toaster ovens before purchasing this T-Fal. Because the top rated oven in my price range was the similar model but convection I had great 
more than meets the eye. This pillow looks simple enough, but there must have been a lot of research put into inventing it! The DogBone medium size, about 16 w--i 
Easy to use. Very easy to install and change. The crystals need to be stirred every three or four days. Other than that there is nothing you need to do. 
great vacum. This ones a keeper. Works well glad I read other reviews before I bought it. Its easy to use and no problem with the delivery from amazon. You 
great. perfect for grating cheese, the hardest thing to grate .... messy to hand wash but fine in dishwasher ... worth it ... wise bu  
The ultimate wedding gift. My Global has been slicing bread for three years now and guests still comment that it s a really sharp knife . A low-carb disbeliever, and 
Cerama Bryte -- THE BEST. My white ceramic stove needs to be cleaned EVERY time I use it. Cerama Bryte was here when we bought the house, and since nothing 
Great Value. At first, I thought these were one each and for the price I paid, I was shocked that they come in pairs. They don t quite have that 
Works great. If you ve purchased the Scooba floor mopping robot, you need to purchase this product as well. Currently, no other cleaning product is approved for use with the 
Mug. I purchased this mug for a friend who wanted something this shape and size and he was thrilled. It will sit on his dash and not fall off but 
Christmas gift. Was very pleased to find this product on amazon.com. I found them on sale at Kohl s and after calling and driving to several stores could not find 
Very Nice Knife. This knife is very high quality and is especially good for slicing through ham, etc... I would highly recommend it  
Beautiful bone china, great buy!. I love these dishes, I bought these because I need more dishes to go with a set that is patterned but the basic color is 
Great Item - Buy this one!. I have had this opener for 26 years. Yes, 26 years! Got it as a wedding gift back in 1980 and I m still 
I hope I don t have to return this one. i ve had a braun for 7 years which mysteriously developed a leak and was laid to rest. Replaced it 
A little disappointed. I like the look and the length of this mitt. The only drawback is that if you have to hold something hot for longer than 2 or 
very small and to the point. wife loves this contraption. if you like your coffee or tea strong you need to use more than usuall. easy to clean. and the 
Works great. I bought this for my husband and he loves it. You can see exactly how much you are putting in your meals with the light and it grinds 
Great deal and great sheets. For 49.99 a promo last week at the time I bought them , these sheets are perfect. For 59.99 price now as I write this 
great. I recieved the platter in a timely manner. It was packaged well and in perfect condition. I purchase it for a gift. I was very happy with it  
An Excellent Investment. As a professional chef, I have had the opportunity to work with just about every brand of knife out there. Recently, my very first chef s knife 
great bargain!. This set is remarkable for the money. cups AND saucers rather than just mugs, and the quality of the fiesta label indicates how beautifully made the dishes are. 
Look no further. My wife and I are upgrading our culinary toolbox and this knife is without a doubt our best purchase to date. It comes out of the box 
heaven can wait. My title stands for the fact that these sheets are heaven to the skin and at a price that I could afford. My bed was new and 
Teflon Replacement. After reading about the cancer-causing properties of Teflon, I got rid of my Teflon cookware and purchased the 10 and 9 LeCreuset skillets. I was a little skeptical 
Feather & Down Comforter - warm as toast!. Got one for myself and one for my son, with no high expectations. I wanted to get away from electric blankets without 
Can t wait to drop one...... Have the Riedel glass ware and already have a nick in rim of one costing about 12 each....knew that day would happen and just 
Extra tall can opener. Works Great! So much easier than the regular size openeropening tall cans. I have no problems with it falling over orthe cutting peice coming off.  
Perfect 1 cup coffee maker. I bought the Toastess 1-cup coffee maker for my Husband and he loves it. I don t drink coffee at all but he does. We 
cool glasses. Love the glasses; I have a number of Riedel wine glasses and thought I try the beverage glasses. They are terrific for a weekend cocktail. Beautiful design, clean 
DualDaddy Fryer. It is wonderful! Great size for a family. Just a little bigger than the Grandpappy, and has a metal divider that slides in the middle to fry two 
Blue Yarn. It arrived fast, and packaged well, it looked exactly alike until i knitted it onto a blanket i started, i had bought that yarn from W . So, 
Great for shutters blinds. I bought this when I ordered my factory reconditioned Dyson Animal. This was worth the additional expense. I have plantation shutters and 2 wood blinds on 
No problems. I received this set packed very well, no scratches, no broken pieces so I have NO complaints. The color is beautiful and the dishes are durable.  
Doesn t spit, heats quickly. Much better than my old hand steamer, which was the opposite--slow heating, inconvenient water tank, spat a lot of water, making spots. This one is 
I HAVE 3!!. I must say that I am surprised at some of these reviews but then, everything is relative....I have 3 of these mounted under my kitchen cabinets.....I have 
Syrah meets expectations. The Riedel Syrah Shiraz wine glasses are a nice combination of fine glassware, yet also have a sturdy feel  
Great product... I bought this because it looked great, but it turns out it was very functional also. It looks great on the counter and since it is stainless steel, 
Great Value!. After shopping around several different outlets, I decided that I would try the Amazon bench. I was not disappointed! It was easily assembled, just attach the legs, and 
A must for calorie counters. I have an iSi soda syphon and I love it. You can make a lot of tasty low cal drinks with it. Try this - 
Keeps it clean. I hate having to scrape remnants of soups and beans and other things that are caked on to the walls of my microwave. I picked up this 
classic Chicago Knife set. These Knives are so sharp and well constructed and they where a great deal on Amazon compared to other sources.The only thing I am not happy 
Better Than Expected. I bought my Mr. Coffee mug warmer locally at a store. I wasn t expecting much out of it because of the reviews about it here on 
High Style!. You always expect high quality from Corning but this time they have outdone themselves; mixing exceptional style with exceptional performance. I have many 60 s and 70 s 
great size. We use Fiestaware at almost every meal. This &quot;lunch plate&quot; size is perfect for our family s small meals. We also use them for serving desserts and other 
Great product. I bake for a restaurant, I use these all the time and love them. I bought four pans, they bake and brown evenly. I used them through the 
FILTER EVERYTHING~!. I have 4 dogs, and 2 cats in my house. The dirt, dust, and hair has been the biggest issue for years. Well, this iRObot Solved it. Because 
Feathers and Things. I orderd 2 of these covers and found both to be a perfect fit for the featherbeds that I own. The price is excellent too! If you 
Very nice fan. I had an older model of this fan for 5 years before it died last week. After the summer we had here in San Diego, I don 
Great for travel!. It would be perfect if the there were variable degrees of light. I purchased this for use in a class but have continued to use it for 
Works fine for me. This popcorn popper produces fluffy popcorn and leaves few unpopped kernels. You can pop corn with or without butter or oil. I use butter. I particularly 
Tasty!. These wafers are DELICIOUS! I like to put them in a nice bowl of tomato soup or add them to a big garden salad. They re great for the 
Sunbeam Hand Mixer. Very pleased with this mixer. It has a solid feel and plenty of power.My only suggestion would be for a slower speed for stirring or folding in 
Perfect for serving ..... These are a perfect fit for a 16 ounce can of fruits or vegetables. They get used constantly around here  
Unusual value. This product matches the quality of similar items costing three times as much  
Great, like all Georgie s products. I had a smaller version of this for 5 years, used almost daily for veggie burgers and other meatless items. I am moving into 
At last. My Samoyed loves this toy and so far hasn t managed to trash it. Although he did manage to pull the sqeaker out! It s pretty sturdy and 
question. I love the carafe and would like to know if you will receive this one in shamrock green because I am wanting to purchase 4 different colors. Please respond 
If you love fondue this is a must have item .... but. .... if you think this is going to replace the kitchen stove ... forget it ... it ll 
What can you say. It s small and cute. I am sure you have seen these a million times. They are usually clear glass and they hold about a dozen 
Great value in a night light. I used Amazon.com s search feature for a night light that uses an LED instead of the conventional incandescent bulb because like all incandescents, 
Sweet childhood memories. I absolutely love this product. For Christmas I baked several varieties of pizzelles with a recipe from my husband s grandmother 100 Italian . They tasted wonderful, 
Ergonomically perfect design. This is my first set of really fine German made knives. I ve heard for years that the best knives come from Henckel in Germany. I thought 
Perfect for cooking stuffed bell peppers. The perfect size and shape for cooking stuffed bell peppers in the oven, without having them fall over. They fit nicely into the curved 
Love my Wilton Petite Mini Loaf Pans. I have several of these pans, and I love them. They bake up evenly without burn spots. The pans don t rust, and 
Replacement pre-filter. Filter works fine on my enviracare air cleaner. Easy to use and easy to modify it to fit whatever type of air cleaner you currently use. I ll 
Great Product!. This vacuum has tremendous power, and runs fairly quietly. The pet brush is excellent, and the flip lid on the Hepa filter chamber is great. I had an 
Good Product. The West Bend griddle works exactly as advertised. Quickly heats to correct teperature, it heats and cooks evenly across the entire surface.It cleans up quickly in the sink 
GREAT SHEET SET. Colorfull, good fit, great feeling .....I ve paid 3 times as much for other sheets same thread count But....these sheets are the GREATEST!! & My wife loves 
Bodum Martini glasses. Love these glasses for our beach house. Shorter stems allow them to be placed in dishwasher. Martinis seem to taste better in the large sized glass  
Cute and Functional. These are definitely a conversation piece. You ll even have people who never salt and pepper their food want to use these.  
Perfect!. I was originally going to sink a lot of money into some sort of airpot, but I found this while looking for a rice cooker and couldn t resist 
Love It!!!. This is going to be the second winter I have used this unit. I love the retro vintage look.. I use this at night in my 20 x 
loved them. I bought these for my step-dad as a gift. He absolutely loves them! They are superb knives. He cannot stop talking about how wonderfully sharp they are and 
great buy for the price. Sheets are comfortable and they look very pricey.But I doubt it will last more than 5 washes to meet the my durability standards for a 
Easiest and most efficient corkscrew I have used. Older arthritic hands appreciate this efficient product which never fails i.e. leaving part of the cork in the bottle . Easier to 
Gorgeous Plum color!. This bread tray is perfect plum!! The color is amazing, and the tray is so useful for so many things!! Get several of these!  
Best pot around. This coffee pot bunns in general are the cream of the crop. Thank you.  
It s A Good Thing. I bought this steam vac a few weeks ago and have used it 4 or 5 times already on different areas of my carpeting. I 
cute black bedside table. came fast! easy to put together. the knob is not tight no matter how hard i try to screw it in. that is my only complaint 
Sweep-easy. Since I m not physically able to use a regular vacuum, the Bissell serves to pick up the every day little things that get on the floor. I have 
a big one. I have just received this item for my son s bathroom. I have given a four star to the item because it is bigger than I expected. 
Cool Horse. I purchased this fan to place in my horse s stall to keep him cool during the hot, humid New Orleans summer. Fan runs about 16 hours a 
Not the version with indentations to prevent sticking. This is an excellent Santoku knife, but I thought it had the indentations on it to decrease sticking. Don t get this 
Fabulous pan, but extra care required. We received this pan for about 200 as a gift and it is lovely. We haven t had any diffulty with food sticking to 
Black and Decker VF20 Double Action DustBuster Filter Set Purchased on 09 16 2006 . Fast delivery  
Looks good, feel good. It s a towel, so, uhm, it helps you dry after a shower - lo  
Best cat litter I have found. I have tried several brands and formulas for kitty litter. This one is easily the best. Its easy to clean, clumps well, and most 
Finally, a digital probe thermometer that can take the heat!. Having burned out, drenched, accidentally kinked, and destroyed enough Polder probes to fill an oven, I finally threw in the 
The best 20 I EVER spent!. This piece is extremely versatile. The handles stay cool, it cleans up beatifully, and I ve never had a problem with sticking. I used 
Actually works. My wife & I were very skeptical of this but since it was recommended by a professional we trust, we figured we d give it a shot.We are 
fun to use. First toaster oven I ve ever had. Compact, easy to use. Recipe booklet is helpful. Excellent results from broiling steaks,chicken,burgers. Baked fish...wonderful. Very happy with this oven 
Good Stick Vacuum. This is a great product. Only thing I wish is that it had an on off switch instead of a button you have to hold down to 
Nice Mug - Not So Nice Price. This mug is nice and cute and durable - the color is even and matches well with the other cinnabar items I have. 
worked great. I gave this to my neighbor across the street who said he d tried everything on his dog and had decided she was just a barker. It worked 
My Red 4 Slice Toaster. I read alot of the reviews before buying this toaster. Some of them we not good ones but I bought the toaster anyway because of 
Best Knife Set I have ever owned!. The East West knife cuts through carrots like butter! It is so worth shelling out a little extra for the quality you recieve 
Best Non-Stick. We ve gone through a lot of non-stick pans in the last few years, tried following all the instructions etc., but they all end up with little pockmarks 
Can t wait to buy more!. These are the best sheets out there for the money.Vibrant reversible color lilac purple.I was soooooooo very happy with this purchase.Do not hesitate to 
Big, bold and beautiful!. When these mugs arrived, I was surprised to see how gorgeous they are. The color cobalt , the glaze, the shape, the weight, the generous handle 
Butcher Block Oil. Good product. This is great for protecting your butcher block and sealing it when using it for poultry and fish. This is enough in the bottle for 
Parts. My first waterer has ceased pumping....but it ran for a long time. Now I want to replace the pump, not the whole unit. Can t find on the website 
Cinnabar wears well!. I do notice some slight cutting marks on the cinnabar plates, but one has to look VERY closely to see them! This is my first experience with 
A must for every kitchen - you can t cook with dull knives. This little gadget will transmogrify the dullest, bluntest knives in your drawer into razor sharp slicers and 
excellent product, highly recommend!. We have three sets of these and have been very pleased with them. They seem to be tougher than normal wine glasses in that we have 
Also Makes the Lello Gelato Pro 4090. Look at the reviews of the Lello Gelato Pro 4090, Whynter makes them for Lello under a private label. Its a great Machine 
love the prompt and secured service from Amazon. Though I have not tried the juicer yet, but i could not pass off the price  
Best little vacuum ever. I ve had mine for about 6 years now - I LOVE it! For such a tiny, light little vacuum, it s got a lot of 
Good But Costly. Heats quickly and cleans up easily. I ll know more about it after I have it longer. So far, I m pleased  
Love these. I love my glasses. I bought them because we are doing a retro theme in the house. The kitchen will have a feel of a 50 s soda 
Quick, easy to use, easy to clean. I have used this cherry stoner with smaller sour cherries and larger bing cherries. It works well no matter what the size of 
This Product Delivers. This is one product that truly delivers what it says...........the wine is delivered to the glass and not a drop gets near the tabletop. Great value  
Exceeds Expectations. These are essentially the bowls from the professional quality Riedel Vinum glasses produced without stems. By doing without stems you get a glass that neatly fits in the 
Wine Tumblers. These are the best looking wine tumblers that I have ever seen. Plan to stuff into a box with wine for a Xmas gift. The catalog received with 
duvet cover. I ordered this item for my son and it was so nice that I wish I had ordered one for myself.  
Great For Fast Kitty Litter Clean Up!!!!!. This product is great!!! You can use it so fast and then WOW your done!!!!!! One note though Don t move to fast 
LTD is beautiful. The exterior of these pans might appear to be scratched when in fact, what you re seeing is whatever material rubbed against it. These marks as well 
Classic and durable. Beautiful and durable, and a really great value. Easy to replace and grow the collection, and perfect for a wedding registry  
Dusting brush. I thought I was crazy for ordering this but it makes simple dusting so much easier than with a cloth  
Best juicer I ever owned. I ve had this for over a year now and I use it daily. Still works as well as it did on day one. Makes 
great knives, need better block. I very much like the knives. They are extremely sharp, ergonomic and handle very easily. It is a breeze to clean them as there are 
Quite happy. The cord on my very old Presto griddle started getting hot so I purchased this one. Heat is fairly even and accurate. Makes great pancakes  
Great Product. I m not sure what those other people were talking about, but i ve had this bad boy for about 5 months now. It was as difficult to 
The one for your best!. Easily outdoes all other corkscrews I ve owned lots . After at least 100 bottles, it s never let me down! It always works 100 
Pfaltzgraff Naturewood. I bought 2 sets of Naturewood dinnerware of 5-piece setting for 4 people when I got married a few years ago. I also bought a lot of accessories 
clam knife of the gods. I m a bit of a cooking geek, so I had bought the New Cooks Catalog at Barnes & Nobel. They suggested this knife for 
Works as designed. Big surprise. However there is one nice item: You don t have to be accurate with the water. If you get to much it s easy to 
Hoover Windtunnel Supreme. Very loud and heavy. I have used lighter and less noisy vacuums in the past. This one does pick up hair and lint very well. Seems to 
Works for me. I like soft ice in my drinks. Yes it is noisy and messy but it gives me the ice I want in less than a couple of 
Hot pot!. While I am more than happy with the pot itself heavy cast-iron, nice big handles, purty color , I don t think it s too much to ask 
Comforter set - good value. Good quality for the price paid, but I wish the comforter had been slightly larger. Seems a little too small for the bed size it 
Useful everyday. This product makes life easier in the kitchen. Traditionally it is a fish turner, but I use it for getting anything dense out of a pan. The end 
OXO flat whisk. I bought this product for my daughter and she was thrilled to get it. The product was at a good price, delivered quickly, and in excellent shape 
CRATE MAT. HAS WORKED WELL WITH THE CRATE WE PURCHASED TO GO WITH IT. WIPES CLEAN EASILY  
Working so far. I read about Zymox on a vet s website regarding chronic ear infections. My black Lab is a rescue from the street and she had chronic ear 
Great addition to my collection. I just got this lovely lasagna baker FREE by buying another 4 place settings to add to the 12 I already own in the Gold 
Bissell Barbie Vac is a winner in my book. I purchased the Bissell Barbie vac for my 8 yr old daughter. She absolutley loves it. Every little piece of crumb 
EXTREMELY Pleased. We purchased this a couple months before Christmas to see how we would like it. It worked so well that we got a second one for my daughter 
Whip it goooooooooooooooood. If you re a real whipped cream aficionado, you probably keep a stainless steel bowl and a separate set of beaters in the freezer, ready to whip 
SO SOFT. These are so soft and what a GREAT PRICE for 2 king size 1200 thread count pillow cases... now I want the sheets!!  
Buy This Set!. After much deliberation I bought this set last week, and I couldn t be happier with my choice. This is great cookware! But beware, not all Calphalon 
Worth every penny!. This Mixer works great! It works fast, not too loud, and doesn t seem to have a problem with hard frozen ice cream. The shakes come out 
Great Desk. I bought this desk about 1 year ago and I am so happy with it that I am going to buy this hutch it looks great on the 
Sharpens the toughest. I ve sharpened everything. I m not sure what one reviewer was doing wrong that they couldn t sharpen very dull knives. I took out my Grandfather 
Love!. These are some great plates. The dinner plates are huge! We tend to only use the small plates. Being square, these fit in my cabinets much better than my 
Its beauty is exceeded only by its performance. I have the KitchenAid stainless steel saucier in good part because I was struck by its looks. But I like it even 
Excellent product for the Money!!!. I searched high and low for the right cool midst humidifier and finally came across this Hamilton Beach model. Not only is it inexpensive, it 
Softest sheets ever!. These sheets are buttery soft and continue to get softer with each washing. I was worried that they would be stiff like people complained of for the 
My jewelry looks awesome. If you want your jewelry to looks it s best, you have to buy one. This is an excellent jewelry cleaner. I have used the unit 
Great Product. I ve been looking for over 2 years to replace a similar product I had. This is much better, sturdier, and heats great  
Terrific value and works great. I bought this product as it was the most highly rated in a consumer publication. Very happy with it  
Love the plates but they arrived scratched. I m sticking with the lighter colors due to scratching. My persimmon 16 piece setting arrived with two dinner plates scratched. I think 
Pet Mate Filters. The stock filters are not very efficient. I ve found that if you go to your pet store and get some activated charcoal, like the kind ya 
good value, better coffee, and do not find it to be messy. I switched to the Capresso from a Braun grinder from the dawn of time. My Braun was very 
nice towels. I like these towel however the color is green,,, I thought is would be more of a grey or silve  
Nice, Stylish Coffee Brewing Device. Braun Aroma Deluxe KF550 is a very good small appliance from a company that is generally associated with better than average quality. Not all Braun 
Great hot plate. It meets every expectation for a hot plate. I am using this for a stove top in an area in our house that is being made into 
Manual meat grinder. This grinder is well built, adequate for what it s meant for. A bit of muscle power comes in handy. Clean-up is easy.  
The Best of Three. I own a total of three oyster knives and this one is by far the best. The tapering at the tip of this knife is the 
Chairs. Great chairs, very sturdy. Fairly easy to put together. They look great and I am very pleased  
Very nice towels. Nice size, good thickness and have remained color fast through many washings. They have not puckered or pilled.An excellent value, not the best towels I ve ever 
Fun Whale. This whale is so much fun I got it for when my sisters kids came down. They had a hard time staying on it though but it was 
Top rated.. and no disapointment. Our toaster stopped working a few weeks ago. I saw this one is Consumer Reports top rated and bought it. It looks a little futuristic. 
We love our Margarita Maker. We love our machine, it makes the best frozen concoctions this north of the equator. It has helped get us through the wind storms and 
energy saving bright light. I liked the energy saving LEDs and motion sensor. The only drawbacks are the size - it is a large light - covers the entire 2 
Love it!. This is a great pressure cooker. Only drawbacks, and they re minor, are that it s a little heavy and you have to hold down a button for 
Worth the price. I had a 50 coupon, so the cost was not as great, but after receiving the trash can, I would have paid full price for it. It 
It s almost excellent because... I like the Bodum glass line. I bought them because I have a Rancilio Silvia and needed something able not to destroy my crema and 
Upstate New Yorker. Great Sheet Set!Beautiful Color.Very Soft!would definitely buy again  
perfect towel- unless they re imperfect . These towels are huge and plush. But one of my bath towels in the Cousteau color arrived flawed. It had major problems down 
Very Pleased!!!. I bought this same model from the local Sam s Club for 199.00. I agree with some of the other reviewers in that it can be a little 
Excellent Air Pump. Over 5 years ago, when I asked my local aquarium store for a recommendation on a quiet air pump I was told Get a Rena . So 
In love with it...almost!. This vacuum is a great starter vacuum. I moved out of my parents house and bought this little thing and it works GREAT! Love the suction 
It was Reconditioned? Looked brand new to me!. I love this ice cream maker! Makes ice cream in 20 minutes, and I know exactly what is in it  
Fantastic Waffle Iron. We purchased this waffle iron after the sad demise of my mother-in-law s 40 year old waffle iron and we really love it! It heats up quickly, 
Excellent Value. I recently purchased this set and found it to be of very high quality. Each mug is quite heavy and the glass is flawless. I expect they could 
nice compliment to my set. Product came new as ordered. Nice compliment to my other Ginsu set that I bought in a store. The knives of the set work great 
Fine All-around Wine Glass. This is a really nice wine glass for every day use. If you are like me and don t require a special glass for every different 
We may never leave our bed again... My sweetheart and I got these sheets as a Valentine s Day gift to ourselves, and they wildly surpassed all our expectations. The 
Calphalon Roasting Rack. This would be a wonderful addition to any cook s kitchen. It holds almost any size meat or poultry... large or small. It will probably fit most 
Topsy Turvey - package. I ordered the Topsy Turvey from Mobile Mart - it was delivered very fast, but it came in a plain box - not the blue package 
Above all expectations!. I purchased this Diamond Sharpening Steel from Amazon and have used it for a couple of days. It really works superb and overall performance is above all 
Great Little Product. This gadget is wonderful for frothing up low fat milk in the cup before adding your coffee. It gives a lasting froth that adds to the pleasure 
Excellent quality, excellent price. I bought 9 of these duvet covers for my nieces and nephews for 5.99 each. My sister called to say that they were plush and warm. 
beatiful piece of everyday kitchenware. This is large enough for serving 12 people I alsi purchased the matching bowls,very beatiful set.I used it for a chili party.We have a large 
First quality place settings. Bought two of these place settings and they were better quality than I see in the stores sometimes. They were an excellent price and very reasonable 
mini bunnies salt and peppe shakers. love the product - it was hard to find so i was happy to finally get them. great service. thank you  
BEST COFFEMAKER. FINALLY, I have found a coffeemaker I ABSOLUTELY LOVE! I buy gourmet beans by mail-- grind my beans daily-- and always am searching for the perfect coffeemaker. I 
So great, we might give it a name!. We ve had the kettle a week, and so far love it just as much as everyone else. You can fill it 
Red Soup Tureen. This soup tureen and bowls are the greatest. I use them a lot, and just throw them in the dishwasher. Great value  
Out Of The Way Storage. We like the cabinet. We use it for our prescription medication. Only problem we had with the item, was there were no screws included with 
Only from Amazon. Just received my Cobalt Tones chop plate. It s beautiful. I plan to use it as a serving platter more than a plate. I saw this listed 
Great sheets!. I am very happy with the quality of these sheets. They are soft and warm and fit the bed perfectly  
Great item. Bought this to see if it would help with my ferrets. I can t believe how the smell has changed for the better. I turned off my air 
Pinzon 500-Thread-Count Wrinkle Guard King Sheet Set, Ivory. I bought the Pinzon 500-thread count wrinkle guard king sheet set in ivory to give to my daughter for her birthday later 
Keep the crate. After reading previous review I would suggest that they KEEP THE CRATE AND DUMP THE DOG  
Very Good Spatula. Does a good job.Fav part is handle is made of sturdy wire hence can leave on a pan while it on a stove  
Great Peeler. The Kitchen Aid Stainless Steel Euro Peeler, is a sturdy tool for peeling vegetables, fruits and more. It also can be used for making cheese curls. A great 
works great ~. a really simple machine that works great... gives u cafe style milk foam. just be careful when you froth it, submerge it completely within the milk and 
Can t beat this price. We use our Dustbuster every day, to pick up the inevitable Dog Hair in the Corners tm . It always has good suction, is easily 
Wonerful and Functional. I purchased the white version of this tea kettel at my local target store to replace my 10 year old worn out tea kettel. I was very 
A Glove that simply fits over the metal handle of your pan!. THE essential requirement for those hot metal handles and so much more practical than a bulky oven glove.Another 
Yum!. When we received the 1st one it did not work, which was unfortunate because it was a Xmas gift. However, we did receive a replacement immediately. It works great 
Great Price- Unbeatable price product ratio. For 19.99, you ll not find many knife sets. I paid that for one Kitchen Aid Santoku knife! This set includes a long slicer 
Heiwi Cake Lifter. I already had a cake lifter. When I visited my daughter and her husband at Christmas, they were lifting a coffee cake out of the oven using 
Very nice, love them. I got a pair of this, they are very soft and pretty, easy to be used as decorative pillows.  
beautiful, but small. This is another gorgeous piece by fiesta. It is lovely and functional. My only issue is that the dimensions state it is 12 tall, when it is 
Still the champ... I owned two DeLonghi s previously and after a brief affair with a Cuisinart TOB-30 I am back for good. None of these ovens are perfect but 
Why is there any other kind?. Counter top openers take up space and have to be moved every time you clean the counter. By suspending the opener, it s out 
Love It. Just what I was looking for and just the right color, I just love It  
Quality Pusher Assembly!!!. Looking for a quality dlc-118bgtx pusher assembly? Look no further! Even though they are all plastic and are sure to break after a few years, this is 
Nice processor--too big. We wanted a unit that would be small enough to sit on the counter as a handy tool for cooking for two. This is a great processor, 
Perfect for casual use. Its a great scale that measures accurately and very quick, it s pretty cheap and weighs up to 11 pounds. It also has the tare button 
Great Product. This is a great product for holding your knives. My wife and I got a nice set of Henckel knives as a wedding present. I couldn t figure 
FLUFFY AND BRIGHT. The minute I got these towels I loved them. They were very bright. They were not that fluffy but that was of little concern to me becuase 
A life-time purchase. I purchased this wonderful food processor about fifteen years ago and it continues to be by far my favorite kitchen appliance. I used it more often when 
Solid, good rugged design. I have got to say I m pretty impressed with this bag. I have a 10 Lodge camp oven and was worried about the legs punching 
Very nice. I use this in my 29 gallon, and the filter is excellent. The best part about it is the ability to control the amount of water brought in. 
A great addition to your set. This Shun knife like all the others is a terrific high quality blade. They are perfect! I hate to use the term Balanced in 
Nice. This towels are probably what most would expect. They look nice and have become my preferred kitchen towel - I cook alot. I would look elsewhere if they were 
a great product. We were looking for something for my 2 1 2 year old who long ago outgrew the Pack N Play as a means for bedding when we 
Just what I needed!. This pot may be small but it is mighty! It is just what I needed for use in the office. I am able to make anything 
i own this. this pump is great i went to the local pet smart and they let me plug it in at the store and listen to the different pumps. 
Endurance Medium Rubber Spatula. This spatula is great. The handle is Stainless Steel so it does not deteriate withuse even in the dishwasher. The rubber is silicone so it takes 
Adjustable is great!. I ve searched all over for a doubler that was less than 32 and this works great! I have short closet bars so most doublers caused my 
Love it!. This steamer works great! I ve tried others and returned them.Great buy!!  
Hercules Hooks. They really do work as advertised. They go right into drywall be careful not to hit a stud however! with no muss and no fuss. I haven t 
great for puppies who like to chew. I have a miniature poodle puppy who eats everything in sight including some unfortunate trips to the cats litter box . I bought 
OMG!! Best Cup of Coffee I ve Ever Had!!!. This is by far the best cup of coffee I ve ever brewed, hands down! I debated a long time on 
Oscar Rocks!. I love my duvet cover. The fabric is of a very high quality and the print is attractive. It is also washable which is a bonus  
This is my second scat mat. We have 2 Airedale Terriers 55-lb dogs and 2 cats. I originally bought a scat-mat as a deterrent to the cats, but it has 
Easy product. This product is great to have on hand. In the past, I ve used purchased yogurt as a starter, but this eliminates the need to run to the 
Good for touch-up cleaning. It s the perfect vacuum for quick toucu-ups IN BETWEEN regular vacuuming. It s not intended as a replacement for a standard vacuum. I leave it 
best idea. this steam mop was the best idea bissell came up with. I have three small kids and the steam mop cleans up all the mess in no time 
Great Home cutting everyday knives. They should change the name to General Home everyday use knivesI never do Sushi but these knives are way beyond that.I use mine everyday for 
Beautiful Plate. This plate is really beautiful, very artistic, and a great shape. I would give it 5 stars if the bottom was finished as smoothly as it should be. 
Nice pan. This pan cleans well, heats evenly, and makes a nice size lasagna for four with a bit left over . It is about 2.75 inches deep, with my 
Tribest blender. Great product! The motor has plenty of power, cleanup is fast, and overall performance more than satisfactory  
Superior Service. My package arrived broken, but I had no trouble at all in getting a replacement shipped out quickly. No hassles, what a concept in customer service!This dish is 
Pretty nice. Precise thermostat; sturdy, easy to clean fully immersible w o plug , surface dimples no problem, one caveat, gasket securing top inside lid basically disintegrated in short order, 
Exceeded expectations. These glasses will wow you right out of the box. I came back and ordered more. These glasses are the type you want to grab first if you 
West Bend 76220 20-1 2-by-10-1 2-Inch Griddle. The griddle is very spacious. Eight pancakes easily fit on the surface at one time. I haven t tried to fit an entire 
works fine. I bought this several weeks ago. There was leakage near the handle in the first couple of usages. It worked fine after that, no leaking any more...don t 
Dream come true. I have two long haired shedding dogs at home, and there is black hair everywhere!! I looked everywhere for a vacuum that could suck up all of 
Excellent. The reason I purchased this saute pan it was recommended by Cooks Illustrated.This saute pan is great. I use it for basically for everything I fry.  
very happy. I got this for my mother for Christmas and it was awsome to see how happy she was. She has always wanted a tea kettle that wistled better 
The Rolex of Knives - Amazing Craftsmanship. I m an electronics fanatic, and never thought that I ll get excited about a kitchen knife. I ve been using the top-of-the-line 
sorting clothes is fun. I bought this hamper and the lion hamper. They are both adorable. They are just as pictured -- really cute! Kids and kids at heart can 
100 SATISFIED. The Sheets arrived 3 days after I ordered them. They were exactly what I wanted and as described  
ice shapes. If you don t have an ice-maker, these are convenient. The ice pops out easily. My only frustrations were that I wanted more larger pieces than I got 
This is a great pillow for me. This is my favorite pillow of all times. I don t have headaches anymore although I am doing acupuncture as well and can 
Beautiful Floor Lamp. I just received mine today. It s a great looking lamp for the price. Looks exactly as pictured online. Nice stable base and very easy to assemble. 
Christmas gift. Was very pleased to find this product on amazon.com. I found them on sale at Kohl s and after calling and driving to several stores could not find 
My Fav. The perfect Riedel Champagne glass focuses the nose of the Champagne like focusing a magnifying glass. Layers of flavor become apparent singlely, instead of just a muddled mass. 
Unbroken & Beautiful!. No breakage problem here! The glasses were individually wrapped in tissue AND bubblewrap. The manufacturer s box was then bubblewrapped and placed in a larger Amazon box 
Terrific knife and terrific customer service. I absolutely adore these Kyocera knives, they are the sharpest things I have ever seen.I ordered this through Witbecks, and the first one got 
perfect temp every sip. Unbelievable! No matter how hot the coffee is when you pour it in the mug, you just follow an extra step before each sip and the 
Good product. Better price. I had been wanting a compact refrigerator for awhile now. Finally decided to get one -- and I must say this is a fine choice.The first 
Not Crappy TV shlep. These knives are really sharp and spectacular. I hate cutting tomatoes, but with these babies, its way smooth. I thought this was just junky TV crap, 
For accuracy and precision. This is my second Shun knife. I fell in love with the knives after using my 10 chef knife for about 6 months. While I use 
A nice beginning set. We recently decided to resupply our kitchen and this set was a perfect starting point, providing the basic essentials and we then purchased other individual pieces 
EASY, EASY. Sharpener is VERY easy to use, and does the job well. The case, with flimsy side tabs needs improvement, though  
Good value. Simple and sturdy. I broke only two glasses and that was by accidentally dropping one, and knocking over the other while doing dishes . I do handwash all 
Lovely Beverage Dispenser. Perfect NON-Alcoholic beverage punch dispenser display for our daughter s Sweet 16 Birthday Bash at our church  
great for more than pet food. I ordered these after I didn t see them anymore at Walmart. They are great because they store alot of stuff - i have 
great shaped mug doesn t spill but hard to clean. I had looked for a mug shaped like this for a long time, as my husband has one he bought 
Fabulous!. I love this pitcher! It is great for all of our purposes & I love the shape & fit of the handle  
Steamy microwave. This microwave would rate 5 stars if it did not steam up and get hot when cooking on high for over 3 or 4 minutes. I can not 
If You Have Never Replaced Your Filter... ... Do it now! The filter hidden in the bottom of the water resivour is a necessary item that can be easy to 
I know this is kind of gross. ...but after a stuggle with ants, the exterminator came to visit - my land lord let them into my apartment. I could not 
best pizza pan ever. This pan makes the crust perfect. I make pizza from scratch and with this pan, I will never buy shop pizza again. You can make deep 
Auto feeder for aquarium. Have had the product for a few months now. It is working and seems to be reliable. Only wish you could program it by entering a 
Love it. I got this from Amazon a while back. I love mine. I had a Stock the Bar party and it worked on every bottle and the half dozen 
Honeywell HCM 6012i Humidifier. I really like this unit it really does the job. 3 Year warranty is great.The 3 fan speeds are great 3 can be a little noisey, 
Very Good. I like the product. Its easy to assemble. great looks. good quality, serves the purpose of my purchase  
Rated #1 by Gourmet - I agree!. This oven mitt is the best, as long as you don t have small hands. I have medium to large hands, and it 
Makes frothy iced coffee drinks right in the glass!!. I bought this for my wife several months ago, and we use it almost every day while our old blender continues 
simple, yet works. It s true, you have to put the whole silly thing together yourself. But that is why it is the price it is. Once put together, it 
CATS LOVE IT. I ve a few tunnels and this is the one preferred by my cats by far. They are always dashing through it!  
Rack em up. Getting those decanters to dry without spots can be problematic. This is a big help. The wide base allows better balance than you would think, and is 
Tomato Red, Fun to Use, Delight to the Eye. I have collected ALL of Le Creuset s fruit and vegetable shaped cast iron enameled casseroles. In my 40 years of 
Very Nice and handy.... an added comfort in the kitchen!. I bought this pressure cooker after much thought and research as I had just gone through a very bad experience 
Easy to use. This is a very easy to use opener. We keep it in a drawer instead of mounting on cabinet. Takes up little room. Wife was using one 
Good gravy!. Well, I never thought I d own a gravy boat, but here I am! Owning a gravy boat. As gravy boats go, it just sits in the cupboard 
Great organizer, but mine broke from excess weight. This is a great little shoe organizer that helped eliminate the shoe clutter from my closet floor. Takes up little room, easy 
Bought another. I was so impressed with the 10 that I bought a 7 santuko. It is so nice to work with quality tools  
Cutco?. Are you kidding me? To compare Cutco to Wusthof-Trident is like comparing a Chevy to a Mercedes-Benz. Wusthof Classic knives are forged and well balanced, prefered by professional chefs. 
Great knives and a block. These knives are great. Look nice, cut well, easy to use and easy to clean  
Best Value Best Color Just Best. Was thrilled with all aspects of this purchase.Beauty ColorBeauty ValueBeauty Period.Will definitely purchase more.Do not hesitate to purchase these.WONDERFUL  
Perfect night light. I purchased one for my dog at our cottage, where we spend a great deal of time outdoors at night fishing & sitting around a campfire. This 
Krups Carafe. Excellent Condition. We needed one like this for use in a microwave. Most of these Carafes have some metal strap here or there, making them unsuitable for microwave 
really cute. My son loves it. It is not very soft, but my son doesn t even notice. Very vivid colors and design  
Thumbs up for Bubble up. The jug is big enough that it lasts for over a week with 4 cats. The cats have never been scared by the bubbling sound. 
Outstanding Tool. This is, hands-down, the best hair removal tool on the market. It grabs an astounding amount of undercoat and topcoat hair. Just one usage of it on my 
Minnesota Charlie. We purchased this set to compliment our older Revere Ware set. The large stock pot came damaged & Amazon sent a new set out right away. We love 
Wonderful colander. Fabulous- drains quickly.Only complaint is that it would be nice if they made a larger size  
Ten stars from me!. Wow...wow..omg...the best peeler I have ever used and I come from a family that peels a lot of veggies for cooking. The only drawback is the 
watch the capacity. I have the first version of this washer, WD-3274RHD. every thing is perfect in this -all in one. But you have to pay attention to some guide 
works great. This is a great product. I have used the kiwi scoop and it saves a lot of tim  
The good life. This machine is wonderful! I first tried Flavia coffee a couple of years ago while waiting for my car to be serviced at the Mercedes dealership. Best 
HAVE TO KNOW HOW TO USE THIS ONE!. Great to have crust all around on your cornbread slice!!!You have to spray the pan really, really well with cookingspray then heat 
The best. These are my favorite cookers. So much so, I bought this one for my friend  
My mother the high quality linens addict and her experience with this set. These are a very nice quality indeed, soft and supple. My mother truly is a connoisseur of 
Really cleans. This vacuum really pulls up the dirt and hair. The powered hand attachment is also great. But just like everyone else, emptying it is a real problem. In 
I use it every day!. What I like most with this sewing machine is that it almost does not vibrate. Lots of stitch patterns to choose from, the thread is 
Nice Kittle. The kittle looks good and I tried, it was not very fast but was accepted.  
Best sheets I ve ever had!. We ordered the king sized set... They fit the bed very well, the have a great color. They wash up well. They are cool 
Cute and Functional. I bought these as I was trying to find my pattern on the internet. I love them! They are great in the microwave and they match beautifully. 
Very easy to use. I am worse than a novice, I have never used or even touched a sewing machine before, this was my first. I bought it because of 
Nice. This was a very nice knife sharpener. It was easy to use and it provided a very nice sharpness to the blade.Main points: easy to use, provides an effective 
I want to give this 3... because it does not fit my needs, but that would not be fair. yes it is an excellent bowl, and way better then I 
great product. i have bought 4 of these vacuums and the first one is over a year ond an still works as well as it did when it was bought. 
My sister loves it... I purchased this whisk as a birthday present for my sister. She loved it so much she had me order several more for her to give 
No point in spending more on non stick. No question that high quality cookware is easier to work with, lasts longer and produces better results. I ve been using All 
you gotta have one. I can t say enough about this little machine it makes cooking fun again and all the food taste like your dining out. I have made 
Great griddle!. I love this griddle! It fits over my GE gas stove perfectly. No plugs to deal with, easy to clean. Will fit an entire pack of bacon at 
Better than traditional wok. I ve been using this wok for 8 months and it is great! I had a traditional carbon steel wok for a year and a half 
Carrots are not a problem either, the pulp makes fantastic carrot bread. Clean up is messy no matter which machine you buy: I found that if I turn the basket 
Attractive and functional. I purchased this specifically because I was looking for a small spoon rest and a reviewer commented that this could only hold a tablespoon. I was slightly 
Dinner in Minutes. I fill this 2-Tier Bamboo Steamer with fish steaks, such as sea bass or halibut, and veggies, such as asparagus or broccoli. Then I place the steamer 
wonderful. This is a wonderful product. The order went through easily & arrived quicly & in perfect condition. The price was great too! Thanks  
Shower curtain hooks. Handsome and functional. They appear to be well made and should last a lifetime  
Love this lil crock!. This lil crock is the greatest I use it for hot dips,and to keep the gravy hot for a huge meal during the holidays. The only 
Senseo or Home Cafe Reusable Refillable Coffee Pod. I thought I would by this product just to try with my Senseo Machine and some coffee I brought from Europe. It 
Fantastic. The best Salsa, The best Pesto, and Salad dressings made with this food processorwe all should have one  
FIESTA!. This is a great idea! Everyone should have AT LEAST ONE of these ~ personally I d get one for every member of the household. The well is perfect 
Amazon.com asked me to write this review. This is great stoneware and the price is right. I use this in a Cuisinart convection oven I bought on Amazon as well.I 
YOU MUST MAKE KRUMKAKE!!!. I hadn t made krumkake since I was 1975! I loved making them again and the maker was GREAT! It is easy to clean too. A 
Analon Non Stick Skillet. Great skillet. There non-stick holds up well. I cook with All-Clad Stainless usually, but for non-stick I use Anolon  
awsome laser pointer. this thing can go so far,and my cats love it. its great for ether having fun with the pets or office meetings or pointing it at the 
Love It!!!. I highly recommend this gate. It looks great. You can see ours from our front door and we get compliments on it all of the time. The door 
A Satisfied Target Shopper!. I m a frequent shopper of Target stores but this wine tower was my first online purchase at Target. I m always hesitant to order something 
Most Bang For Your Buck!. Okay, I bougth a competitors s vacuum because of their warranty, I swear to you as soon as I opened the box and attempted to 
Small. I bought a king size for my queen bed, and it just barely fits. Quality and color is good. Overall I m satisfied  
We love it!. We got this corkscrew as a wedding present over two years ago, and it is one of our favorite and most used gifts. I was a bit 
beautiful. I absolutely love this hutch. It s beautiful and graceful, the wood is gorgeous, it is constructed very solidly and it s easy to put together. Before you buy 
great mug. this mug is easy to clean and really does not stain at all. I ve also gotten many comments and compliments on it, and the best thing is 
So far...So good. I bought this to replace my Wimpy Sharp 4.0 tiny canister. I bought new carpet 7 months ago and figured it was time to buy a REAL 
I don t understand all the negative reviews. I have owned one of these little wonders for over five years. During that time I have replaced the lightbulb one time, 
Excellent juicer. Powerful motor & quiet and it doesn t shake as other viewer said. It extracts almost everything out. For clean up, it s not a smart design part 
my betta LOVES it!. my fish absolutely loves this light and you can tell he gets a little upset when its not turned on. it keeps the temperature even, and 
KITCHEN AID 5-QUART MIXER. BEST QUALITY. GREAT VESATILITY AND ENOUGH POWER TO KNEAD BREAD WITHOUT BOGGING DOWN. A LIFETIME APPLIANCE. GIFT PURCHASE. OUR PERSONAL KITCHEN AID IS 15 YEARS OLD. 
A must-have addition to Sango Nova Brown dinnerware. Despite the picture currently posted above and I ll edit this should it ever change , the 5 piece completer set contains:A 
What a pleasure !!. Easy to use, 1 hour secure automatic shut-off and so on.For the price you can t miss.  
EXCELLENT & EASY TO USE Euro Cuisine Yogurt Starter. This starter works perfectly every time. Yogurt has been awesome!I use organic milk, boil and cool...add this starter, pour into the 
Nice product , but - - -. These are handy little grills for quick homemade sandwiches.However, when I was shopping locally for them, I found both WalMart and National Grocers 
Better Than 5 Stars!!!!. I believe if you re serious about cooking, you should own great cookware and excellent knives. I finally stepped up and got excellent knives. For those 
Works like a charm... I bought one of these from Williams Sonoma, costing about 50 more than the one here on Amazon. The only difference is that the one from 
Everything it claims to be...and more!. I picked up an Ove Glove about a year ago. My husband had been dying to try it, and we didn t know anyone 
Longchamp Wine Glasses. The glasses were exactly what I ordered and received. They arrived in a timely manner and were in perfect condition. Very satisfied. Thank you  
Love it!. This is a great knife! Very well made and does the job! I had the Wusthoff top of their line chef s knife and exchanged it for this 
Cuisinart Soft Ice Cream Maker. I ve had alot of ice cream makers and this one is the best of all. It s the fastest and easiest to use and 
Great Towel. This towel is very high quality and worth the money. The color is deep blue just as described  
Godd Hard Drive Protector. The case its pretty good to protect the external Hard Drive.  
good little vac. It s a nice little vac for the price. Great suction power. We had the old version with the two removable battery cells. It didn t make 
Vaccum Bags. It was great being able to just find the bags that I needed for my little Dirt Devil online. I had driven to Wal-Mart, Target and other stores 
What to know before you buy: capacity. I ve used this washer for about 50 loads since buying from J&R in early October, 2006. I live in a studio in 
Fine for Steak. I have a lot of the Botanic Garden series and have been happy with the performance. The steak platters are especially great going from oven to table 
I would have given it 5 stars but.... My new Braun Coffeemaker is, without doubt, the finest, regardless of price, that I have ever owned. I would have given it 
Love Fiestaware. My husband suggested this as a birthday gift for me. I thought okay until I opened the package. This shamrock green is so pretty. This dinnerware is great. 
Above Average. I have run this humidifier every night since I bought it 4 months ago. It does a good job in the local area of my bedroom, which is 
Best Pans for the Money!. I started out with Magnalite aluminum pans as a bride too many years ago. 20 years later those pitted relics went to the Goodwill and 
No Disappointments Here!. No disappointments here! Extremely satisfied with the large Fiestaware Cinnabar Serving Platter. Not only does it serve it s real purpose on the table, but also displays 
As seen in Family Fun. Family Fun magzine had a great idea to melt broken crayons in one of these tins and use them as Valentine s day favors. This 
Great little table. These tables are great. I bought two of them. Solid wood, classic design that will still look good in 10 years, and easy no fuss assembly. All 
I can t even think of the day i ll be without it!. It s been over 2,5 years since i ve purchased this mixer caviar shade and the only 
I LOVE IT. This bread box is all that you would expect. Very good looking and roomy inside. Looks sleek on the counter. Opens easily and cleans up nice. Amazon 
I liked this and it is study and does the job. It is very easy to clean. But I would consider getting a bigger model for bigger meals. Right now, 
I Love It!. I love my new scale. I can put a bowl on it and tare back to zero. Add my ingredient and tare back to zero and continue 
Pleased with the product. The cup was just as ordered and received in a timely fashion  
Sharp microwaves are the best. This is a replacement microwave. Every Sharp microwave I have purchased, whether for my family or as a gift, has been exceptional. The features, looks, 
Not perfect. Plenty of room for all knifes of all shapes and lengths. Good construction. Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the kitchen shear slot. To small  
A comfortable knife for the cook. This mid-priced line of Henckel knives, called &quot;Classic&quot; by the company, is a full-tang, single-piece, three-rivet line with sturdy black plastic handles. The handles 
Over 50 Years of sparkle. My Revere pots and pans are over 50 years old. They still look good enough to display, thanks to Revere copper and Stainless-Steel Cleaner. I 
eureka heppa filter. Pruduct arrived in a timely manner , well packaged and as advertised  
Better than Most-worth it. This rug pad is worth the money...I have spent more on similar quality items. Definitely worth it especially when you factor in tax and shipping savings 
Great cooking with Nesco Roaster. My whole family tthinks that roasted chicken is so much better. If you like a good tender chicken or a great tender roast this roaster 
Extra Long Sheets. Also purchased 2 sets for College Dorm use. They recommended Extra Long Twin Sheets for the beds. Good sheets are hard to find at a reasonable price! 
Roshco magic. The Roshco baking mat is terrific. There was no smell the first time I used it. Previously, I used a paper thin mat, the Roshco is much thicker 
Great but... These sheets were the color, size, and quality described. However, if you tend to roll over, instead of picking yourself up when you turn over while sleeping... your 
Coffee and End Tables. These were purchased for my daughter, who has a 3 year old son. Not only are they attractive, but they hold up to the wear and 
Easy to use and good price. I love this blender. It does its job with a very good price. I use it to make fresh fruit juice. Throw in frozen 
K&H Thermo mats, cups, beds are GREAT!. We bought our first Thermo Pet Mat from Drs. Foster and Smith in 2000 to make a warm resting place on the end 
High quality, good looks and great for everyday use!. I bought this to use as an everyday set. I was tired of the mismatched and variable quality stuff we d 
Great towels. Color was perfect and quality was A-one -- Pem America must be a 5 star company cause these towels are some of the best I ve seen. And 
Cool utensil crock!. I don t like those cutsie utensil crocks with little pale prints of flowers, roosters, fruits and things like that. Also don t like those made out 
 19.99 Not for snow cones in primary colors but for Chinese ice desserts. Gone are the days when red bean and condensed milk ices were a secret bargain in 
As long as you understand the size, it is awesome. A perfect muddler. Heavy, but not too. Stainless steel so it won t react or absorb flavors like wood. Solid.Caveat: 
Absolutely great pan for the money. I bought this pan a few years ago and found that I use it more than any other pan in the kitchen. My wok 
Nice product. I was surprised by the quick delivery. I opened the box to check the bowls. Everything was intact and I was happy to give them to my cousin 
Thank you Amazon. I ve been unable to find these filters for years. I ve used the one installed for 3 years, though without heavy use. It comes with three 
Cool and Comfortable. These sheets are cool and comfortable. They fit our Select Comfort King mattress very well. And after a few washing they still feel like new. I wish 
I am happy to have this product!. I am not a kid. I am actually a housewife.Ok. I ordered these pasta bowls online and were delivered within a week. They 
Best of the best. Bought this for our daughter who is away at school. She said it is so much nicer than the electric blanket she has back home. Had 
Nice Set. It was a little bit to get together, especially the table. But the key was to simply finger tighten everything as much as possible and then simply use 
Good glasses. Good glasses, great for Barolo and Barbaresco in addition to Burgundies. My only complaint is that the stem is that these glasses are a little short  
It was exactly what I wanted!. This toaster was specifically purchased for our two-person household and small kitchen. It not only is cute, it is a good performer. If only 
By far the best at this price. While you can certainly by more expensive stemware like Riedel, these Spiegelau glasses are every bit as beautiful as other makers of grand 
Great space heater! Fantastic value! My overall favorite of value-priced Honeywells . This Honeywell HZ2800BW is my favorite! Easy to arrive at your comfort level, then cuts off. Heats efficiently 
GOOD BUY. I SEARCHED FOR A LONG TIME BEFORE I PURCHASED THIS PRODUCT AND HAVE NOT REGRETTED MY DECISION TO BUY. LIKE ALL ICE CRUSHERS IT IS A LITTLE NOISY. 
Solid Build, Beautiful Coffee, Very high Quality unit. This unit makes great coffee. I had a cheaper unit and it didn t extract nearly the amount of flavour from the 
My girlfriend loves hers!. My girlfriend couldn t be more excited that I found her a pink coffee mug. It seals real well, and the insulation is great. It is 
Good for the price. We have several Shuns, and they are a cheaper alternative to Hattori. They are worth what you pay, but not the best out there, as some 
Great Little Hot Dog Cooker!. We love this hot dog grill. It was a big hit at our Super Bowl party! We will be getting it out at all our 
Best Deal Anywhere!. Tricky trying to find the perfect window treatment from a pic online. But I cannot emphasize more strongly how delighted I was to receive this item in 
cutting edge. the knives are OK, but I have used better ones. For cutting meat, they re fine, don t work well with chicken, but overall they fit my purpose 
Hoover S3765-040. We have been through Bissell, Oreck and many others...this vacuum is easy to use, easy to empty, works very well on think carpet, having a wind up cord 
Bacon Grill. This is a circular grill and fits nicely in the microwave on the revolving dish. Cooks bacon evenly and quickly. Goes into the dishwasher, on the bottom tray, 
Convenient, saves space & easy to use. I like these spice racks I own 3 - oldest is 5 yrs old & still looks good . Locates seasonings centrally, so 
A Great Pot and A Great Value!!. This pot was purchased through my Gold Box offers and when combined with a gift certificate... well, I got it for nearly nothing 
Good Quality for the price. I bought this vanity set for my 12 year old daughter because the style matched with her bed. It arrived a week before they said 
Somewhat better.... This toy is somewhat better than your average stuffed dog toy. While my dogs were able to get some of the stuffing out, the majority of the toy 
embarassing but true. I never thought I would write a review on a dishrack..so uncool..however, I do not have a dishwasher, and do alot of dishes. I just thought a 
convenience. it is very nice to control the fan from a soft or a bed. it is a reasonably priced fan that I am hoping will reduce the heat during 
Perfect size! The one pan that does it all!. I just received my Le Creuset Casserole a few weeks ago and LOVE it! I was a little on the fence 
It really works!. Initially, I was a skeptical about self-cleaning shavers - I thought it was a gimmick to lock the consumer into buying replacement cartridges that did not work. 
Love it!. Until I can get another sofa, this is great. Within the first week my kids managed to spill food on it. I simply picked it up off of 
Mr. Coffee Makes a Great Ice Tea Maker. After tasting my ice tea, my neice insisted that I get her a Mr. Coffee Ice Tea Maker for her wedding shower. 
best grinder ever!. I ve been through a lot of salt and pepper grinders over the years, and was never happy with any of them. Most required too much effort 
Just what we wanted!. These are perfect! Colors are bright and cheery and fit large eggs just right  
wonderful. This is an absolutely excellent duvet. It s been washed and dried a few times so far and has held up extremely well. I highly recommend it  
Makes great jerky! Fun & Easy too!. Like others, I was very skeptical of making beef jerky out of ground beef. After having tried this kit, I am so glad 
Delivered As Expected. This vendor delivered a new Krups replacement carafe, on time and as expected  
Love it. I got this gift from my husband I love the machine it so easy to use. I read so many other and I was afraid I was not 
Zephyr Kettle. Love the design of the Zephyr and the main reason I choose it. It is well made, sturdy and water heats up fast in this kettle. It is 
very nice. These pieces are very nice - classic and exotic at the same time. We chose red and are very happy - it is a true red. The proportions 
Primo, Dude... Works Well and TRIPLES the volume!. Update: Feb 20, 2006I ve upgraded this from a 4.5 to a full 5 since purchasing it back in December. Initially, it 
Excellent knife. My review is simple -- this knife is great. It takes and holds an edge very well. If anyone says this knife is not sharp or does not 
Well made knife. This knife is well made, wood handels and steel non-rust blade. It takes a good edge and fits the hand well  
FRANCES W. MILLER. This is one of the prettiest shades Fiestaware has put out. I would like to see them put out a bright shade of pink as well  
This is a great product, but... I agree with all of the other reviewers that this is a great product, but I m downgrading it one star because the product 
Portmerion Toaster Set. Product was in excellent shape when received. Seller was courteous and prompt  
Separate but definitely equal!. When you need the separation without all the frustration, look no further than Yolky the Egg Separator! Hey, we all need a little space, right? So 
Cute Item. Have had no problems with it, works great and looks cute on the counter.  
do it yourself grilling. This is a great change of pace way to grill. My family loved the do it yourself aspect. We just put it on the table and 
Great bowls. I have looked at these for years but never bit. What a waste. I absolutely love them. They seem to be the bowls I reach for always now. 
WHY I LOVE MY BLENDER!. I first started making smoothies with my magic bullet my mom got me off of tv. I went to a friends house and they had 
Wonderful Surprise. At first, I was a little upset with the cost of shipping on this ball because it was shipped from Petsmart, but now that I see my German 
Transport Terror. I was always having terror attacks when I attempted to transport my Texas Sheet Cake to any gathering. Now I tote it in perfect shape and no Iceing 
crockpot love. Umm I think this is the same one I have! When it comes to quart sizes it s all the same to me, haha. Anyway, I love my 
Excellent dishware. You just can t go wrong with Fiestaware. It s sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily from table to dishwasher to cabinet . And if my rough-on-dishes family 
VillaWare V3600-NS PREGO Pizzelle Baker - Non Stick. It REALLY is nonstick. Excellent results  
Love the sheets. The sheets are just what I was looking for. The delivery time was good. Am very happy with my purchase  
Great product, but scratches easily. Makes reading in bed at night very nice. My wife s a light sleeper and the light from the LightWedge doesn t bother her. The 
fantastic. Fiestaware items are objects of beauty that I have found to be virtually indestructible. I have them at my house, and I worked for an upscale wine bar and 
I love this thing. Great quality. The cups are awesome. It s got a bit of trouble releasing steam so you gotta be careful not to burn yourself. But it 
I enjoy mine. I don t have this brand. I was gifted another brand that starts with a B . It looks the same, but costs a little more. I 
Superior quality towels.... High quality, soft and absorbent. Large, all cotton bath sheets areexactly as described, and really hold up in laundering and usage.Great items  
LOVE IT!!!!. there was no dimensions on the description so i took a chance. it was a bit smaller than i thought about 2.5 cubic , but that happens to 
Pet approved. I am a Professional Pet Sitter so I am always looking for ways to spoil my little buddies. I tried using this brush on my clients after hearing 
I Love Love Love This Soap Holder. I have three, yes 3, of these in my shower. One for my face soap, one for mild body soap, and one for 
Great Pan. I ve had this pan now for over a year and used it often. First I must say the bottom is nice and thick spreading the heat evenly. 
I love it. I purchased these slipcovers to cover an odd shaped round chair. Although it did take 2 to cover it, I love the color and the fabric.  
I Love It!. I had bought my first Fiestaware Cereal Bown sight unseen from Amazon.com, and I absolutely love the rich, cinnamon color of Cinnabar!The Cereal Bowl comes in handy 
The Big Dipper. I recently purchaed a Rosle ladle. I am very pleased with it and I admire the craftsmanship that was put into this ladle. It is a superior 
Bulb Info. I am looking for a new book light, and as a former owner of this light, I was suprised at the bad bulb stats. This bulb, like halogen 
Kitchen Must Have. The Double Balloon Whisk is a kitchen must have. It whisks your ingredients in half the time. What a time saver - and arm saver. I was 
Great tasting coffee and enough for the whole crew... I purchased this coffee maker after too many days of being the family s late riser and finding the coffee pot 
great product. I love this product! It makes the perfect amount of espresso to start my day off right. It s easy to set up and easy to clean. My 
The Best Vacuum Ever!!!!!!!!!!. I read all the reviews on all the Dyson models before I decided on buying the DC 17 model. I have 3 dogs and I m 
The mouse that roared. I have never had an electric heater before so I wasn t sure what to expect. Especially when I heard so many horror stories about electric 
Dyson Slim. I have read everyone s review and I agree. I love this vacuum, although a bit pricey. But you get what you pay for and I learned that 
Would t cut cheese without it!. I have owned 3 of these cutters and love them. I have to keep buying them because my children want it, and don t 
40 cups so far, so good. Some reviews make it sounds like every EC701 is defective out of the box. So far, I ve made 40 shots of espresso and 
Fiesta Ware. I just started buying Fiesta Ware and Amazon has been the best source. I love the combination of persimmon and cinnabar and have acquired quite a bit of 
Can a knife be too sharp?. These knives are EXTREMELY sharp. I have actually cut myself several times unknowingly and not notice until I wash my hands or get something 
Happy with my purchase!. This is a nice shelf for the price. Crate and Barrel charges an arm and a leg for similar shelving, so this is a decent alternative. 
A Fun Idea. I bought this product from a small retail shop in my hometown recently. I found this product to be very useful when removing a frozen pizza from 
Clean Air!. The filter and the system work very well for me. I find the H-B model 04381 a very quiet unit, and it runs 24 7 on low in 
Good little vac for the size and price... I bought this vacuum when I moved into a condo with 2 small 13x13 bedrooms and mostly pergo floors. Only the bedrooms 
Delighted with this beautiful jam jar!. I was delighted you carry the Royal Albert Old Country Roses collection and when I openned the carefully packed jam jar I was amazed 
Makes the best tea. This is my second Mr. Coffee tea maker. My husband and I love it because the tea tastes so much better when it is brewed. I 
The best you can buy at a steep price . I think I m a little crazy for buying this. I just had to find out if the copper-core was 
Review Lamps. Excellant Co. to deal with. We had a few questions and they were answered immediately and there was a mailing problem and this Co. did everything correct and 
not bad, i guess a bit small. It s kinda hard to imagine dimention on a non standart object. It works, and cleans, i guess a bit small, but for 
West Bend Wok. After reading reviews on the wok s available on Amazon[.com], I decided on this Wok due to the ability to put it in the dishwasher. Turns out 
Simple, Elegant and Functional Tea Infuser. I have tried all manner of tea infusers over the years from simple balls and spoons to elaborate gadgets with filters and valves. The 
Like New. I was surprised at the perfect condition of my KitchenAid...not a scratch on it. The cookbook and all the paperwork that came with it has the word refurbished 
Very Nice. Well worth it. It looks nice, appears durable, and handles a decent amount of fluid. I recommend it  
Absolutly the best you can get for the money. I was worried about what I was going to get for 28.00 dollars. But, when I got my shipment, I was 
Great bowls. I ordered these bowls from Amazon and they are wonderful. There were not any flaws on them  
Great dish rack!. This dish rack fits into small spaces and holds a decent capacity of plates, etc. Perfect for a small apartment kitchen! LOVE IT!  
Food dehydrator. Easy to use, easy to clean. Very reasonable price for all extras--more trays, jerky making materials, liners. We use it a lot  
Fun to use. This machine makes a great cup of coffee, but it is difficult to clean.Recently, I broke the plastic lid off the coffee serving urn. I was informed 
Great Product. This stone is very functional -- works well and goes from oven to table because of its beauty. If you ve never cooked on stone before, prepare to 
Heavy user loves it. I ve had this decanter for about 10 months now and have used it regularly, 3-4 times per week. I was initially concerned about assembly, due 
nice. I ve read a few reviews with complaints about popcorn going everywhere & here s what I ve found 1 use a big bowl, I use a mixing bowl 
Bialetti espresso machine. I have used this espresso maker for two months and find it excellent. It takes a little time to get proportions right but eventually it produces a 
Good for some uses. I agree with some other reviewers that the unit runs on the hot side, but we ve had ours for several years and it s still 
Size does matter. I agree with the last review. This muddler is great but it is too short. When I make Mojitos I like to muddle my mint in the 
No Problems Here!. I don t understand what the problem is with the whistle, unless that was an issue that has been fixed by now. The whistle on my teapot 
beautiful!. Beautiful, good quality bowls. Heavy and thick, they won t break easily. Vibrant colors. I ll be buying more  
Furi Coppertail East West Knife. I don t know what I would do if I didn t have this knife. It has become my number one staple and essential tool 
Great and cute little machine. Have used my rice cooker a few times now, and I am just loving it! It cooks up wonderful aromatic sushi rice, which is all 
Glad I bought this!. I live in a basement which gets pretty cold, my room has one wall that is considered an outside wall, in order to have any light 
Better than you may think. The teeth of the zipper could be a bit stronger as it often comes undone but I just run the zipper over that spot again 
Great Tea Maker!. I have had this tea maker for 11 years received it as a wedding gift - it s still going. We make tea about 1 to 2 
Best cookware around. I ve tried all types of pans, including Calphalon, and All-Clad has them all beat. Nothing cooks more evenly, and food doesn t stick to the pan 
Great product. I love Farberware. cooks best. Great price. I own a full set, and keep buying more  
Nearly perfect. This cutting board does a great job of staying in place while you chop, slice, or dice. The surface is soft enough to protect my cutlery, and after 
A great organizer for your cabinets. I bought one like this several years ago. My pantry has a deep cabinet and only two shelves, so buying several more has really 
A Good Little Heater. This item was a good investment. Works very well in a bedroom...but not that good in a room as large as a living room  
GREAT !. My bathroom is all in purple reddish beige, so I ve been looking for quality towels, washcloths for quite a while. I finally found them. Thanks Amazon! Only 
It works great. I have a beagle basset hound mix, who as you can guess used to bark all the time. After only using product for a coupld of says 
Can t live without this pizza pan. I ve bought tons of items from Amazon, but this thing is the greatest. Though, I must confess, all of the Lodge products 
Nicely engineered -- chuck the old corn holders. This set of cornholders definitely beats the old style in the shape of corn holders that I previously had. First, each pair 
cool table mediocre service. The table was exactly what was shown and very sturdy. but I was supposed to be notified of delivery date and a call to be placed 
good but. This is a quality dispenser, but the 30 price tag seems very high. Also, it is NOT watertight, if that is important to you, you might want to 
Excellent dishware. You just can t go wrong with Fiestaware. It s sturdy, durable, attractive, cleans up easily from table to dishwasher to cabinet . And if my rough-on-dishes family 
This one is the best, after a LOT of looking around. First, we purchased a stainless steel Cuisinart electric tea kettle at LNT locally. It leaked! In the first few 
Mario pot. I use this pot alot now, even to braise meat and make stew. Makes a great stove-top or oven slow cooker because you can regulate the heat. Easy 
New to having an aquarium and this tank couldn t be easier!!!. I have owned this aquarium for 3 months and I LOVE it.I have never had an aquarium and 
3-Tier Metal Bathroom Wall Shelf, Chrome. Although I found this shelf a bit of a challenge to assemble the print of the pictures shown for assembly were not clear , 
Tastes like the real thing. It tastes like the real thing. We enjoyed every color. For a quick alternate we now make our own using hot water and use a 
very nice sheets. i bought this sheet set primarily for the price 14.99 and i beleived i was getting a good deal. Upon reading some reviews here, some said that 
Good value price. Just tested this mixer a few days ago by making my usually hand-kneaded whole wheat bread recipe. It did the job well enough, although it was a 
Well worth the price paid!. I searched around the city I live in and was unable to find this product. There were many other versions in plastic, but I wanted 
 79.99 for boiling dumplings. This is just wide enough to fit the large Le Creuset steamer insert but the lid will not fit perfectly over the insert. I plan 
Real popcorn. this is the third whirley popcorn popper that I have purchased. I give them as gifts to my friends who are true popcorn lovers.The popcorn is never greasy, 
Solid, good rugged design. I have got to say I m pretty impressed with this bag. I have a 10 Lodge camp oven and was worried about the legs punching 
Good product for the money. I am very happy with this item. I use it as a postage meter, and it works perfectly for this task. Actual postage scales are 
As good as Starbucks. After many years of drinking coffee made in the traditional drip-style coffee maker, I have found the secret of making coffee as good as Starbucks. This 
All-Clad is Awesome!. My wife and I received several Stainless All-Clad pieces for wedding gifts and are extremely happy with their performance. Food cooks evenly throughout the pans, heat is 
Classic Le Creuset!. I love this pan! It is perfect for so many things, especially on pan meals! The only problem, in my opinion, is the black coating. I know 
Mom had 1 & daughter wanted 1. It cleans real good. You can clean anything that will fit in it, eye glasses, bracelet, & earrings. It s a little pricey 
Thin pizzelles that never stick. I purchased this machine to replace an old one that I had that made great pizzelles, but which didn t have a non-stick surface. Pizzelles 
Bought some should of bought more. I bought these for a wonderful craft. I was expecting them to be decent, but I did not expect them to be as nice 
Works great for the price. Easy to use. Removable base is nice. I ve washed it many times in the dishwasher and it has held up fine. I put it 
good service. I was pleasantly impressed with the simple design of this collar. Though it is a cool blue colour, I can usually spot our cats in the dark. I 
I LOVE This dispenser!!. This dispenser is amazing. We keep one side filled with my 5 year old daughter s cereal so that she can get a bowl and make 
Fiesta Periwinkle is beautiful. This has been my favorite color. It is just the right shade to beautifully coordinate with all the blue designs in my Polish pottery. My kids 
I never thought I d find a better garlic press than my original susi. I saw the susi 2 in a store about a month ago. Always a sucker for 
YES!!!. Look, I consider myself a bit of an expert when it comes to Ceramic Bakeware Sets. I ve tried them all. The set from Luber Corporation falls short. And 
Best Fogless Mirror I have ever owned. I ve gone through several fogless mirrors in the last 20 years and this one is simply the best. I owned one before 
Love this little beast. We saw this item on HGTV program I WANT THAT. This is the first item wherein we both said, I want THAT! We have lots of 
WE LOVE THIS FEEDER. The Feeder is great! We feed 2 cats with it two times a day and it works great. The programing is tricky but the directions will 
organizer units. The shelving units I have recently purchased have helped me to reorganize my computer equipment and related paper into one area. I am using the other two units 
Overall a good prudct... I purchased both the Hencle Pro S and the Sabatier Grand Chefs on Amazon. After about two weeks of using and testing both sets of knives, 
Great vac!. I was surprised to read some of the negative reviews. If you put it together correctly it works well. I found none of the problems some have shared. 
Got mines at BEVMO for 5.99 plus tax. This works great and priced regularly at 7.99 at Beverages and More was on sale for 5.99 . The easiest corkscrew I 
organizer. I bought this for a junk drawer. It works perfectly, no more clutter. I love it  
Perfect for a good walk. This pedometer is great. It s very small and very light. I forget it s even there. It keeps me motivated to walk more and 
Great Product. This thing is great. Easy to use. Easy to clean. The protective cover looks good, protects from the heat and lessens the frying odor. I m happy with 
Good set for the price. First for the price you really can t go wrong. It would be a good working set for just about anyone.Pros-Cost, you really cant get 
More than one use!. I ordered one of these pillows for myself and another for my husband. We use them daily for watching TV, reading or as armrests on the 
Great for Turkey Soup and making jam. No boiling over the top with this pan on your stove. It takes a bit longer to heat up than a smaller pot 
Must have gadget. I saw a similar item on an info commercial and bought it at a local store. It was garbage. Bought the real deal, this one, and have 
A MUST FOR EVERY KITCHEN. This is one of the best all around pieces of cookware everyone should have if they cook. Makes a great wedding gift. I keep this 
Great investment. I was all set to buy a laptop desk table from my local bookstore when the customer behind me told me her negative experience with that same desk. 
GOOD PAN. the only problem that i have had with mine is in 6 years the plastic lid handle loossend up the threads were stripped but after a little dropp 
Highwave Travel Mug. This mug absolutely comes through as promised. Hot beverages stay hot even hours later. It s totally leak proof and easy to disassemble for cleaning. I am 
Just what I wanted. This was exactly what I needed. I cut some fruit and put a little lemon juice on it. I turned it on it was a bit 
TRY IT. This was my first all clad piece. I decided it was time to try the best and the price was right on this one. It is such a 
AWESOME DEEP DISH PIZZA. I ve prided myself on my homemade pizza for years. It s something I take very seriously no matter if I am making my dough from 
Amazing Product. Our Cat Shadow for whatever reason has always been bad about drinking enough water. This amazing product solved all that. It took about 2 weeks before he warmed 
Wonderful, but I m glad I didn t pay for them!. I received these bowls as a wedding present and I LOVE them! Even though they do nest nicely for 
Awesome cake pan for football fans!. I bought this stadium cake pan before my Super Bowl party. It is a nonstick, heavyweight good quality cake pan. I was afraid that 
Love them. I got these as a wedding gift and have really enjoyed using them. I hand wash them and have had no problems at all. Great product  
Great Cleaner! If you have Black Counter Tops this is for you!. The best cleaner you can buy for stone granite counter tops! I have Black Stone Counter Tops that 
Like the new features. We wore out our first Home Cafe after years of daily usage and needed to replace it. We were very pleased on the new features of 
Soft and Silky. I just rec d and washed the white set ordered 5 sets b1g1 free deal burgundy,silver blue, white, heather lilac and green.When I rec d them they 
Cute & well-made. This set is really adorable. The apron length is adjustable. The pieces are really well made soft and washable . We love it  
CAN T BE BEAT!!!. Love this flannel and the construction. I was concerned since it is priced so low, but they are wonderful. I love the quality and construction and 
I love it. I use this little grill almost on a daily basis. I use it to grill up sandwiches or garlic toast. Even chicken for dinner or grill up 
Aerosport Raised Bed. Nice bed. Fills quickly with air, especially for it large size. Great not to have to get off the ground. Wish it was just a tad longer, 
Great addition to the Naturewood collection. I received these as a gift from a friend who knows I m building my Naturewood collection. I had hesitated to purchase them for 
Vacuum. Worked much better than I thought. Great product for the price, especially since it has a Hepa filter! The only bad part is having to change the bag periodically 
Got exactly what I wanted expected... I bought five or six of these when they were priced at around 5-6 and they were well worth every penny. We recently purchased 
Timely arrival. I was pleased with the speedy delivery. The Wok came in good condition. I like it when the box is undamaged altogether! I was pleased with this transaction 
A fine table for its purpose. This computer table is made of pieced hardwood with a handsome grain and dark walnut finish. The keyboard drawer knob looks like pewter. This 
Very good quality. I got this on an outrageous sale for 13.50. It is high quality and fits my need perfectly for a good size chili or stew or soup 
Natural Wood magazine rack. Very nice simple unstained wood magazine rack. very easy to assemble and comes with all hardware and tool.Good price. very fats delivery  
Very Professional. Showed up on time, with a cold pack, wraped in a box and a phone number to contact and the person who inspected it. Very nicely done  
How did we ever live without this?. We have bought several coffee makers over the past few years seeking the elusive cup of coffee house quality coffee. At long last, 
Great Gift!. These sheets were a gift for my 80 year-old mother, who had never owned flannel sheets. She loves them! My mother told me they re soft, warm and 
Love them!. Ok, so they re not the vinum line. But for those of us who haven t use vinum, these are superb! Love the size, the feel, etc. Great 
Quality canisters. We bought this canister set to compliment the stoneware we purchased from the same set. I am especially impressed with the seal used on these canisters. You would 
Best FP I have ever had. I have had several over the years. This one is the best. My old one wouldn t even handle slicing sweet potatoes, the KitchenAid 
Nice blanket. Nice simple blanket for the money. Soft, warm, but not too warm. A summer blanket, or one that could be layered beneath comforter  
Great pillow for side sleepers. I have tried all kinds of feather pillows and foam pillows but just could not get comfortable sleeping on my side. While shopping for a 
Good Stuff. I use these little charcol filters in my cat waterer. It keeps the water fresh and I dont have to change water as much. A  
Very nice and they work well. I was a bit skeptical about these. I was wrong. They actually work well. The main trick is not to over fill and wipe 
heater review. excellent quality and performance. would still be a bargain at twice the price. very pleased  
Better than the Calaphon one I bought. This is unfortunately my second griddle. The Caliphon one I bought origionally turned out to stick like crazy. This was my fault, apparently, 
Finally amazon is selling these!. For the longest third party stores were selling the Sango Black accessories. The shipping would be more than the item so I always opted out. 
Great Processor. This food processor is the most powerful and quietest that I have ever used. I am very impressed with the material the bowl and lid are made of. 
This is a great cheese knife. Not only are the swiss-cheese-like holes in the knife a conversation-starter, but this knife cuts cheese really well - and not just semi-soft, but 
not a bad find. Since it was a gift I did not mind spending the money on this set. Even though I may have found it somewhere else for a 
Fantastic gadget. It works in a jiffy. Dishwasher safe. I ve given as gifts it s so great  
Great Gift Idea. I love going to other peoples party s and sharing a few drinks, but never had a good way to carry to bottles of bubbly or other 
great lil opener. Bought this opener because I was tired of trying to open tall cans with an average size electric opener.Not only does it open cans that are taller, 
My husband s favorite gift. Can you believe it?. Who knew I could purchase something this inexpensive as a gift that my husband uses instead of raiding the ice cream 
Pleasantly Surprised. I liked the set online and thought it would be small enough to fit in my studio s dining room. When it arrived it was bigger than I 
BEST personal blender EVER!. This blender is absolutely fantastic! It makes a protein shake or a smoothie in seconds. It s really compact so it s quite amazing what it 
Great chair... This chair was a bit of a challenge to put together, but once assembled it s comfy! Good quality. I researched around the internet to compare prices of 
Only knife I need!. This is the only knife I need. It replaced all of mine except steak knives . Cuts everything with ease. Similar to what they use on 
Don t You Dare Borrow These Scissors From Me I can t live without them . Need to cut a chicken in half? No problem. Zip, Snip, Snap. Want to 
Perfect for me. Used to own a Power Chopper, but it became tedious keeping track of the parts lost the rubber gauge, so it leaked constantly . The HB blender 
Star Wars Bedding. This Star Wars bedding is great for kids! It is very colorful and animated. As all character bedding, it could be thicker but it works fine. My 
keeps the bathroom toasty. This heater was almost a necessity for our bathroom which can get a bit chilly in the winter. Warms quickly and the timing feature is a 
Sleep at Last. I thought I could only sleep without pain on an air bed. Boy, was I surprised. I love this bed topper. My husband and I both sleep 
Crystal Glasses for 8. I am very happy with the Anchor Hocking Sweetbrier 16pc Crystal Beverage Set. You get 8 large glasses and 8 small glasses for a very reasonable 
A winner!. My son desperately loves anything Star Wars, but being as he is only 5, we limit him on what he can have. The Galactic Heroes collection is wonderful. 
Great, but... I needed a saucepan to cook oatmeal in that would let go on the bits that stick to the bottom. Sounds silly, but I love oatmeal and hate 
ipse dixit. Show your class. A new Porsche is a bit pricey; a full block of Henkle s knives likewise. But these spoons, also Henkle, are so differentiated from the 
Beautiful Vase!. I am very pleased with this vase. It s a perfect mid-range size and the color is vibrant. I do agree that the price is still a bit 
Great Value. Got this as a wedding gift with a nice bottle of red and the filter for some casual wine-os and they loved it. As another commentor mentioned, this 
Le Creuset - what you ve come to expect. I ordered these off a sale page ... but I wasn t disappointed! Very nice to have the Le Creuset look 
great processor. I got this for me for my christmas presents. I realy like it and it work great. I graded chesse in no time flat. I also crushed a 
alfi carafe. Very convenient and easy to use. Maintains heat for up to 3 hours.Easy to handle.  
Not too bad. The idea is clever, and the plastic seems sturdy, but the snapping handles look like they could snap off after a good bit of usage. We will 
Great Glassware. These are essentially the bowls from the professional quality Riedel Vinum glasses produced without stems. By doing without stems you get a glass that neatly fits in the 
Can t go wrong with Global. Another great knife from Global. This is a good knife for everyday use - especially for fruits and vegies. It can slice a tomato 
Large Elegant Casserole or Soup Tureen. This Lenox piece holds an extremely large quantity of soup or casserole. It is microwave and oven proof to 350 degrees, so you can 
 almost indestructible. I have been buying these balls for over 6 years. They started as the indestructible ball but they had to change that due to the fact that 
Way to go, Corning!. This is a great product. It s of the same high quality you expect with Corning and it s sized just right for heating a whole 
great microwavable lunch or dinner mug. I use this mug a lot for chicken noodle and other soups as well as salads. Its easy to clean up and to handle. 
Shun Knives are Beautiful, Elegant, and the Sharpest around. Shun knives are beautiful creations period. Since I m Asian, I love the tradition look and feel of this Japanese knife. 
Amazing. I have owned a system 3 for almost 6 years now! If there was 1 word to describe this it would be: Effortless.This is a fine piece of machinery 
Quality, cute and stylish. I assembled this magazine rack in about 10 minutes. It is really a sturdy little piece of furniture - very nice quality. It fits in well 
Great Review and Long lasting. When the person got the flowers she really liked them. She talked and talked about them. She also was suprised in a good way how 
Does everything, replace it once a year,. I ve gone through about five of these, since with hard use, they break once a year. You ll also need strong wrists 
Happy with purchase. This is a great set. You get a lot of cookware for a decent price. Revere Ware lasts, this was to add on to a set my 
Oh, great fun and excitement!...As far as hampers go, that is... If you have to do laundry, you might as well look good doing it. The chrome matched my silver 
Works as advertised!. This was the second wireless thermometer I tried, the first one eating batteries and having an inconsistent connection between the remote and base units.This one performs as 
Great Coffee maker. This is the best coffee maker - Had to buy the replacement carafe becasue I foolishly broke the original carafe by leaving it in the sink while 
Very Good. The Farberware name usually speaks for itself... and it does, with respect to this cake pan. Very sturdy... thicker than the usual pan. I expect it will last 
cooking with comfort on a flat top stove. Wow this is one of the best pans to cook with. As an Italian, I inherited my grandmas cast iron pan and 
good chicken. I ve had this for over a month and I ve only made grilled chicken with squash and asparagus. If you don t marinate your meat it will 
Excellent accent plates. These small shallow plates are perfect for rolls, cake, anything small, or heck, even as attractive coasters. I have a new white sink and one of these 
Works better than expected. This product works much better than I expected. It gives a very clean and fine edge to all of the knives I have used with it. 
Coffee for all. I purchased this coffeepot as a replacment for the same model. It is used in the faculty room of an elementary school by about 40 people, who 
READ THE DESCRIPTION. I have this stock pot and I love it. It isn t cast iron nor does it say it is. I don t expect cast iron cooking 
Alfi Albergo Carafe. Wonderful product and excellantly priced. You can count on Amazonto have the best prices  
Excellent Pan and great for bench pressing, too!. Cooks evenly as all get out, cleans up fine in the dishwasher, and the non-stick coating seems to work just fine, but 
Best one yet. I use this always except for meat. I got the silicone ones with pictures on it to stop cross contamination. Buy this  
Salt and Pepper. Dishwasher safe, large holes that do not clog, large open handle, and nice size. I have enjoyed using this salt and pepper set  
great product. I love this product - have been using for a year or so now & my dogs have never been better. They are much healthier & have a 
Great value, easy to assemble, includes tools. I ordered a pair of the counter-height stools for our kitchen. I was pleasantly surprised that they included a swivel mechanism for the 
one-touch can opener. i did not have high expectations for this item, but it actually works - and works well! it s pretty handy to just place it on the 
Cat treaty at last!. We have five cats and four of them get along perfectly. It s the first cat who came into the house and lived alone for the 
frustratingly amazing!. i consider myself relatively creative professionally am in marketing so kept making a variety of what i thought would be fun toys for my cat. they ranged from 
Outstanding combination of features -- nightlight, power fail light, flashlight. I have nightlights located throughout the house, so that I don t have to flip on lights when I pad 
Great for the price. I m not sure why the other reviewer had problems with the order, the knives I received were as pictured above. The paring knife is great. 
Rustic Baking Dish. Le Creuset keeps expanding their Poterie collection of high-quality oven-to-serveware, and this 9-inch square pan is a new addition. I m a longtime collector of Le Creuset 
This is great!. I should have bought one of these years ago! What a great gadget. No more tough meat  
This is the best.... I ve had this peeler for about a year now. I use it often and it has held up great; even after running it thru the 
Compost keeper is a winner. I m very happy with this compost keeper. It replaces a ceramic one that chipped - the stainless is much more practical. The capacity is 
The holder is the thing. This is a wonderful piece of modern design. Iconic and hilarious. The holder is made of hard plastic. I wish it were made of something 
Shun Knives are Beautiful, Elegant, and the Sharpest around. Shun knives are beautiful creations period. Since I m Asian, I love the tradition look and feel of this Japanese knife. 
Better than my 900 Electrolux!. This vacuum cleaner is quite honestly one of the best quality vs. cost deals I ve ever found. I put myself through school selling Electrolux 
Great variety, easy clean-up, wondeful machine!. I have the black Fusion in my home office which is next to a basement-level theater room , and my wife and I already 
more than advertised. the mixer worked like charm and has more flower power than advertised  
Perfect!. These were a perfect fit for my older ionic pro. When I first got them they looked different but they still fit. I got my product faster then I 
...well....i am supposing it works... i purchased the filter item to hopefully reduce the cat hair dander, etc in the air....whereas i cannot seem to see as much evidence of 
Factory Reconditioned Dyson. Excellent vacuum. I would highly recommend. Now I am rethinking hardwood floors for new carpet. Thats how well it cleans  
New customer. Bought this product with a gift certificate from my children. I am very satisfied with the bowls. I give this product a high recommendation  
Stylish and functional!. We got this as a wedding gift and absolutely adore it! I missed having a toaster oven... he wanted a traditional toaster... this way we both win! 
excellent for making cannoli, or any dough that is better chilled. I purchased this product on a whim and I love it.This chilled rolling pin made it so much easier 
Works great!. The Aquaview 42645 by Britta was a snap to install and it is working with no problems so far  
A must HAVE!. I recieved the sango blue set for my wedding and needed more pieces. If you really like the color blue You ll love this. The color is 
VERY EASY TO CLEAN. I really like the griddle because it does everything supposed to do and very easy to clean. I tossed my frying pans which seem to worn 
Nice Knives for Smaller Hands. I bought this set for my significant other at Christmas. I looked around at Wusthof, Global, and a few others but liked the unique look 
great product. I purchased this duvet cover as a temporary change from my previous cover which I had grown tired of. I like this one so much I am going 
Perfect Size for One or Two. I gave this crock pot to my son. He says it is the perfect size for small meals for himself or a small group. 
I love this pan, great grilled sandwiches. I received this pan today and I love it. It made two fantastic sandwiches in less than 5 minutes. The bread was crispy 
Excellent Pan, Excellent Price. My old teflon pans were way overdue for replacement. The teflon was worn through in some places, which didn t look healthy and led to foods 
A power tool for serious cooks. KitchenAid is one of those manufacturers who just can t make a bad product, regardless of price. Even this, their least expensive hand mixer, 
Good. Good product, Received it in a few days of ordering. Loved the good deal we got. Very good quality steel. Just the 10qt cooker was too heavy.  
No-frills luxury. These sheets have a truly substantial drape, smooth finish and simple hemming. They are very comfortable and I expect them to last forever  
Cat Hair Sucker. This was given as a Christmas gift. According to my daughter and husband who have four cats, this baby really takes care of the cat hair on 
Well worth the investment. Although it is expensive, it is well worth the price. The vacuum has excellent suction yet is still quite powerful. The noise isn t going to 
Faucet Water Filter. This is the best water filter I have found also have a Pur but like my Brita bette  
YOU PEOPLE MAKE ME CRAZY!!!. I just HAVE to write and state how WONDERFUL this coffee maker is!!! I am so disappointed and upset with the OTHER REVIEWS, because had 
re: fine product. i recieved timely service and a fine product from the company in question. i do not hesitate in offering a firm recommendation.  
First quality place settings. Bought two of these place settings and they were better quality than I see in the stores sometimes. They were an excellent price and very reasonable 
A great canister vac!. I absolutely love this canister vacuum. I researched and researched; tested and tested...and nothing satisfied me! Until I found this vacuum! It has great suction and 
Great Sheets!!!. Excelent choice. You will feel like in heaven!!!!. There is only one problem it s very hard to iron.  
Solid Hardwood makes this a good buy. I have bought 2 of these bookcases. They are very well made, set up in 2 minutes. Forget the pressed wood bookcases -- 
Great!. Very convienient and useful. Despite what the above person may say, as long as the lid is properly closed, crickets cannot escape. Tubes are easy and convinient way to 
Leslie Dame Wood Mission Style Cabinet. This cabinet is pretty, very well made and great for cd storage. It came in a timely manner and was very well packaged. I 
One of the Millenium Stainless-Steel missing pieces... The Farberware Millenium Soft-Touch Stainless-Steel cookware sets are missing some key pieces. Since they have limited open stock on this set and it 
R.Brown. This is one great coffee maker.Bunn has don t a great job with this coffee maker  
great tasting popcorn. We bought this popper as an alternative to manually popping it on the stove. It does a great job and tastes so much better than air popped. 
Stainless Steel Composter Keeper. I love the composter keeper--it works well and it s very handsome on my countertop. I really don t know how to get charcoal refills though. 
Anybody for coffee?. This is the best little coffee table weve had yet. It is perfect for our small space but it doesn t lack the strength you need. It 
gotta love it!. My 30 year old GE blender food processor combo broke a blade on the blender part and I could not get the part so I had to 
Will order more. I bought these for the guest bath but since they are so nice, I am ordering some for the master bath. They are fluffy, absorbant, have good 
The World s Best Corkscrew. I received this corkscrew in green about 15 years ago, and it has not given us one bit of trouble in all that time. It 
Awesome!!!!!!!. Throw out the oil, PAM, and butter. This skillet is great, eggs, swedish pancakes, tacos, meeatballs, everything slides right off with no charring and a great even cook. Best 
Broke back Correlle. Item looked nice in the store so I ordered it from Amazon.com. Similar to what another reviewer mentioned, the items arrived BROKEN. Return was not a problem 
Amazing!!!. I was hesitant to purchase this vacuum because of the price, so I borrowed my friend s DC 14 Dyson to test it out. I have 3000 sq. ft. 
Great Gift !!!!!. What a wonderful way to have paper towels in a kitchen! Arthur Court items are so beautiful and look so much like fine pewter.So many people wonder 
Cold Weather... Hot Stew !!!. Lightening Fast Shipping & excellent quality. This dutch oven is wonderful and costs MUCH less than the Le Creuset s I was looking at. I 
Great for almost anything!. My mother gave me this lodge fryer she has had for many years and I have been happy with it for more than five years now. 
Great deal for the price. I bought a body pillow from Target and they had no covers. When I found this online, I decided to give it a try since 
I love my mogu. I love my mogu doll this is the third one that I have purchased. I now have two and my sister-in-law who always wanted to steal 
A . Thanks, I am verry happy to learn about Brita Filter.We can drink safety and clear water.Thanks again  
three units after a couple months. On high, the units are too loud, but on low a unit is quiet enough for a small bedroom. Because I live in the 
Just what I ordered. Sent in a timely fashion, at a good price. Professional all the way. Will definitely trade again  
Insulated Tropix Tumblers. We are very pleased with our tumblers and they are used all the time. We only wish we had ordered two sets  
So far, so good. Not the BEST wine opener you can buy, but a great deal for the occassional wine drinker. Much easier to operate than the traditional corkscrew and 
Unbeatable value for a great little pan. I ordered this pan a few months ago, and I would like to say I couldn t be happier with it. This little 
Great Featherbed COVER. I ve had this COVER on our featherbed for a few weeks now and it is great. It has a high thread count and is very smooth 
it is soft, but. This blanket is definitely soft and cuddly but it does not keep you very warm. A down comforter, even though more expensive, would be my first 
Da Birdie. My cats absolutely LOVE this toy!!! One of the best toys out there next to the cat play cube and the new automatic laser pointer I found at 
not a bad find. Since it was a gift I did not mind spending the money on this set. Even though I may have found it somewhere else for a 
Great Product - Confusing Product Information. When trying to decide if this model 3670G was the right vacuum for me, I found a considerable amount of confusing information regarding it 
Good value. I like that you get three different sizes for what you would pay for one mortar and pestle retail. You can use each one for a different purpose 
Calphalon Offers a Lifetime Warranty on this Item. I am a Calphalon employee and this item is the same exact quality as all of our other Calphalon products. The only 
Very absorbent. These kitchen towels are very absorbent and a true hunter green like they say in the description. They are mildly soft and get the job done when you 
not what i expected, but i still could use it. i was trying to find some throw pillows for my couch but I kept getting sidetracked by other finds. I 
Can t beat a rolling pin that gets cold!. I don t make piecrust that often, but when I do, I want the best tools for it. This rolling pin 
The best invention for cat owners!. I have two cats and live in an apartment complex. Every morning, I would scoop their litterboxes and have to carry the bag outside 
Very easy to use. Quick and easy. Very comfortable. Just remember to charge the pump the day before you are going to use the bed. It emptied quickly and stuffed 
Works perfectly. Gets used at work ten times a day. It s fast and quiet, works perfectly  
So far, so good... I ve used this machine several times and have not been disappointed. The instruction book is clear and concise I love concise and so far, the 
A lot of fun. I love the little donuts that this pan produces. FYI though: you NEED to spray it with oil or everything will stick. Like, literally impossible to 
Pump and Grind Pepper Mill. Wonderful pepper mill; absolutely love it - easy to hold in hand, easy to use and the amount that comes out with each pump is 
Better Than 5 Stars!!!!. I believe if you re serious about cooking, you should own great cookware and excellent knives. I finally stepped up and got excellent knives. For those 
best scales ever. Wow, this Salter kitchen scales is highly accurate. I always get a perfect bake everytime. I definitely recommend this product. You ll never be disapointed with its 
Success in the luxury towel search!. I bought one of these towels in a quest to satisfy my sweetie s desire for a thick, soft, huge bath sheet that gets 
Works well. So far it works well I wish it awas jsut a little bit bigger  
Great entertaining toy for young kids. My cousins children ages 3 and 6 both enjoyed the JokeMaster JR II. Great purchase  
jersey sheets. These sheets are great. Super soft and the best Jersey Sheets I have owned. Plus the prices for them are better than other jersey sheets of less quality. 
Beautiful Matching Trivet. This cast-iron, enamel-coated trivet is so pretty and practical for table or buffet service with matching Le Creuset pots and pans. I use my Flame one with 
so far so good. arrived yesterday... took no time to get to 52 degrees... it IS whisper quiet and, so far, it s keeping the set temperature well... we ll 
Nice towel. It could be a little bigger but it really is big enough. At the beginning there was a tiny bit of lint coming off but after one wash 
This Taylor Thermometer well worth the . I had purchased a Taylor thermometer when I moved into my first apartment ,23 years ago, because it was the type my mother 
A really good canister. I love Fiestaware and these canisters go perfectly in my kitchen. I like that they are large enough to get a decent amount of flour and 
love it and the price. I bought this for my husband and ended up giving him the old comforter to use and i took this one. its light keeps you 
Mini Chef s Knife. This is like a mini chef s knife. It s very high quality and fits perfectly with my other Henckels knives. It s almost like a 
hard to find glasses...found at Amazon.com. I ve been looking for these single malt scotch glasses for a while so I was pleased to find them at Amazon.com. They are 
Nice study mate. Assembles very easily and quickly, I found it so comfortable, it s definitely worth the price....might be a bit small for big people  
i like it a lot. The handle of my previous kettle, a VERY HEAVY black ceramic would you believe it? sculptural, Brazilian Flame-ware container, broke off in my hand, as 
Parrothead Pottery. This was an EXCELLENT addition to my friend s parrothead kitchen. The colors are bright and add a touch of PARTY to the room  
Good Value. Great price, great coffee if you buy good beans and follow the instructions carefullY , excellent value all-round.I would recommend getting the small appliance warranty simply because all 
Necessary Evil... No matter what, this is a product you need to keep buying and not question one bit. The fountain is nothing unless it filters the water for yor 
not bad for heating a kitchen. I am happy with this little heater. It heats my kitchen to a nice warm temp quickly and didn t make the electric bill 
question. I love the carafe and would like to know if you will receive this one in shamrock green because I am wanting to purchase 4 different colors. Please respond 
My FAVORITE kitchen tool!. I just got this cutting board and it has seriously transformed my cooking experiences. No more messy countertops....everything just washes away with the sprayer. I ll 
Blue tumblers. Attractive tumblers that are holding up well in the dishwasher. Would be better with wider bases  
Great doggie fun. It s a great toy for a dog if they are not of a destructive nature. Our dog is gentle but did destroy the log house. However 
This vacuum will save my back!. This vacuum is just what I wanted. I have had an upright vacuum in an apartment with all hardwood floors for a while now. 
Fast shipping, great product. I got these for a friend for Christmas. They shipped quickly and are really neat shot glasses. I kind of want to get some for myself 
Nice and Retro. We received the Zephyr as a wedding gift. Ours is a little newer design than what is shown in the photo. The handle on ours is brass 
High end cookware. I got tired of burning my stocks with thin-walled junk pots and decided to do some research. This pot is a big improvement over the standard Cuisinart 
Serves its Purpose. Maybe I got a different bread box than the other reviewers. I ve had mine for at least 3 or 4 years now. It s used a 
Better then most. My sister had a previous model that didn t work as well. Her s was all stainless and the salt was not a mill, it was a 
 26.39 for the ice guard. I am not a fan of uncovered pitchers but I would rather see water poured out of a metal pitcher with an ice guard, 
Great Toaster. I love this toaster, Hamilton Beach is my new fav brand. I have been through many ugly toasters that looked worn in about a week and this one 
Excellent Machine!. I have had this machine for about a month now, I love it! I have had other slightly lower end espresso machines pump driven, 250 range and after 
Pleased with the product. The cup was just as ordered and received in a timely fashion  
Good enough for the price. I have had this unit for 8 months and haven t had any problems. It has ground my coffee fine enough and not cracked. I 
The best Shoe Rack Ever!!. This shoe rack is extremely well made very stable and solid and very easy to assemble! This hold alot of shoes and spins really nice, 
Wonderful product. My cats rarely fight anymore and buying 6 packs of Fenlyway is very economical  
christmas plates. The plates arrived in good condition and are what I needed to complete my servic  
Beautiful. Makes great coffee too. Even after 3 years, it is still beautiful, easy to clean I put it in the dishwasher and making great coffee. I take it camping 
Excellent Product & Price. I purchased a better coffee grinder at a lower price than I could find at a local store, and I received it promptly as well  
More Please. Product works well but, I wish it moved greater volume of air. Runs 24 7 since Oct. 30  
Wonderful stock pot. This pot is wonderful! It s great for soup, chili, spaghetti and gor making a large portion of beens. The rice was fantastic.  
LOVE THESE BOWLS. These are called Fruit Bowl but they are the perfect size for a couple of scoops of ice cream  
Awesome Grinder. This grinder is great!! I am thoroughly impressed by the quality and design. It feels good in your hand and, in my opinion, is weighted perfectly.While it is 
Finally, a humidifier that works as advertised!. I bought about 5 different humidifiers this past winter before I finally came across this one. None of the others worked as advertised. 
Shun Knives are Beautiful, Elegant, and the Sharpest around. This is definitely a large blade. I cook every day and I m happy just using my 8 , but then, 
Solid performer -- highly recommended. I ve had the DC15 about 6 weeks now. I wanted to wait a few weeks for the review for some of the wow, this 
Nice grill pan. This is my first grill pan and it work very well. I have only cooked chicken on it so far and I have found that I like 
Great Bowls. I ordered two more sets to match the set I already have. I love the durability as well as the look. The bowls came damaged, but Amazon was 
Good blades, less than perfect handles. I purchased my Pro-S set roughly two years ago and have used them on an almost daily basis since.The blades are of very good 
Great Grinder. I have had this grinder for just a few days, but have to say overall I love it. In particular I like how easy it is to set 
Perfect Yogurt Starter. This starter is excellent! I used it to make soy yogurt with no problems  
Littter Robot 2. This product is worth every penny. I have a multiple cat household and after going through several Litter Maid automatic litter boxes the motor burns out the 
Columbia Bath Towels. Excellent value towels! Wash first so absorbantcy is best right away. Blue color is gorgeous  
Great Pan!. I bought this pan so I can make my son s birthday cake for his 1st birtday party. It worked out great! When you make it, it seems 
CURED MY ASTHMA!. Okay so Asthma can t actually be cured but oh my god did it reduce it!!! I no longer have to take medicine every day! I almost 
THIS is the way to make tea!. Easy to use. Easy to clean. I bought a bunch and handed them around to friends  
Best sheets!. These sheets feel great, very satiny, and truly are wrinkle-free, straight from the dryer. They are also really deep to accomodate not only a cal-king, but also a 
Great quality, Great price. By far the best bang for the buck when it comes to non-stick pans. It s already taken a beating and still looks like new with 
Got what I paid for. Previous reviewers have slammed this item because it was not as big as they expected. The description indicated two cups and that s exactly what 
The Filters are too expensive - but it works. I started to order replacement filters at 47.99 too expensive - but found the whole machine was on sale for only 
Great Pillow Case. I was impressed when I received this case for my fiance s Christmas present. As I began cramming the body pillow into it, I was happy to 
Great for Hotpot and other Asian cooking. I use this bad boy for Chinese Style Hotpot and it s the best. It s perfect for up to 6 people. Heats 
Good Value for the Money. While the price was excellent and the duvet arrived with remarkable speed, the thread count was a bit too low for me. As I put 
Does everything you need. This is the clock you need. It has an easy-to-set alarm, and an easy-to-read dial. It is small and inexpensive. Why sit there pushing buttons on 
It really works!. I was a little skeptical at first. But, we have a new puppy and he has found an area he loves to visit . The more I 
Working so far. I read about Zymox on a vet s website regarding chronic ear infections. My black Lab is a rescue from the street and she had chronic ear 
Excellent value. The Spiegelaus don t confer the cachet or bragging rights of Riedel stemware, but they are excelllent glasses nonetheless. I discovered them through the sommelier at Babbo, Mario 
Not too bad. Going into this I knew it was more it expensive and other reviewers are right that it doesn t last quite as long as the box states, 
good tool to start decoration. This helps a lot when smoothing the sides of cakes, also works as a serving tray quite well.  
Handy to Have Extra Jars. I ve had the Euro Cuisine YM80 Yogurt Maker for about 18 months now and bought a box of the extra jars at the same 
Good for the price. I needed a canister vacuum that wasn t too expensive that did a decent job on my hardwood and laminate floors. This vacuum worked out well. 
Great addition to any party!. Well worth the money! It was a huge success. I was very pleased with the product and the timely delivery  
Older Model. This is not a review for the current Wusthof 10 chef s, but for an older model. I have a wood handled 10&quot; chef s knife. The wood 
Excellent product and excellent service!. I have a schnauzer they have an undercoat .This is the first grooming tool, I have found that detangles his undercoat. If you are wondering 
Nice product, but could be a little more flexible. I have a sort of spatula addiction. I own far too many spatulas and always buy more looking for the perfect 
Shower Curtain. Excellent purchase. Brightens up a small shower area. Easy to keep clean and great to slide on the shower bar.  
The perfect pillowcase!. These pillowcases are very soft and comforting when you go to sleep. Yes, they are a little slick but I use them with flannel sheets and we 
Nice, Big, Plush Towels. I have nothing but good too say about Famous Maker Supima Towels.Any size, they re big and plush. At this price of 2.99 or even 4.99 
Baby BiOrb - Black. Good looking but a little high price for such an aquarium  
Great for dried sticky fruits. We have an apricot tree at my parents house and my dad used to love to make frozen apricots. The problem with drying them however, 
Nice sheets!. Very decent quality for the price!! Thick and smooth. Very comfortable to sleep on. Wash-up nicely  
Nesco American Harvest FD-75PR 700-Watt Food Dehydrator. I have never used any other dehydrator s and found this very simple to use, clean, store, and the price was great. Plus 
owner. The only thing it lacks is a lid. Lodge seems to make a lid for everything but this pan  
suction is great!. The suction is great. In fact better than any vacuum I ve had. However, I bought it refurbished and it came missing parts. This vacuum is very 
My cat s favorite toy. My cat is 5 years old now, and I ve taken this toy with me from coast to coast, as it s the only thing 
Good, cheap alternative. I ll be comparing these to my canvas pastry bag which I also rated a 4 of 5 .Let s start with the positive. These are very 
Best bowl I ve ever purchased!. Love it, love it, love it! I didn t buy it until I read every single review and decided I had to try it. 
Great. Love this product, as it is very space efficient and still holds a large amount of fruit. Looks as good as it is practical  
Tower Fan. I wanted a fan for my desk at the office and it had to be relatively quite. I found it in this item. It doesn t take up 
Very Nice. I bought this fountain for my 2 cats in September of last year. They both love it. occasionally the pump gets clogged my one cat likes to dig 
great pastry mat. Cleans easily by hand. Soft and pliable. Great for pizza, pie, bread dough,these are the pastries for which I have used it. The printed circles simplifies rolling 
Very comfortable. I love my curiosity Mogu pillow, its very comfortable to sleep with and it is very cute. A must buy for anyone who ever likes Mogu in the 
Perfect for small to medium applications. We needed an oven for popcorn, hot drinks, and letovers. This is perfect! Right price, right size. Can t do better than this  
So Comfortable!. I wish that I had purchased the sheet set earlier so that I could have enjoyed them all winter, they are so comfortable, even with flannel pj s 
great for cats and dogs!!!. My cat and dog went nuts trying to catch the laser. Great exercise  
Does what it says it will. Excellent machine; fulfills all the representations made in the product description. Large blade is great but still need to trim down large items like 
Luca Luca Luca!. I absolutely love this machine! I upgraded my previous espresso machine, an overpriced model unwisely purchased from THE largest coffee retailer in the United States if you 
Great. Shipping was quick, the item was packaged great, and everything just worked out perfectly. :  
The best vacuum I ve ever purchased. The Eureka mighty mite is by far the best hand held vacuum I ve ever purchased. It s small and powerful and perfect 
Quality. Excellent quality, heats food evenly and the handle stays cool during cooking. Nice practical size.Delivery from Amazon was very fast  
Handy little tool. I have to admit that I don t usually buy stuff based on only one review, but in this case I did, and I m glad. First 
Beautiful and Exquisite. I love this set - this is the favorite of all my china teacup sets. I have both Irish and English bone china, and this pattern is 
worked great. I gave this to my neighbor across the street who said he d tried everything on his dog and had decided she was just a barker. It worked 
Fiesta Ware. I am a big fan of Fiesta ware. I love the variety of colors and the cheer they add to my dinner table. My husband even gets a 
Without a doubt, the best, easiest corkscrew you will EVER use!. Being a wine lover, I ve used all kinds of corkscrews, from your basic twist model to the kind 
Family sized water-filter pitcher. This is the best designed water filter I have ever used! It looks great and does the best job possible filtering water. But that s not 
Love it. I looked at wood floor cleaners for several months and finally decided on this one. I chose the Flip-It for the price which was much lower and for 
Excellent knife. I do a lot of cooking so I did a lot of research before I purchased the knife. Very sharp, nice feel, good price as well. I use 
it is so convenient!. The sturdy little blender is perfect for creating a single smoothie. It takes seconds and I can even use the container itself because it has a 
Good price to value ratio. It s definitely not commercial-grade, but the bags are cheaper than your conventional Ziplocs, and the results are better. I ate the refrigerated bananas after 
Great for vacuuming up dog hair on wood foors. Pros: I have two Chocolate Labs, therefore, I have a lot of hair to deal with. The vacuum works great and 
Shake shake shake. Straight from Amazon.com the world s best set of salt and pepper shakers. Not only are they functional but good looking as well. They fit perfectly in 
Wonderful. This ice bucket is great! It looks expensive, but was not. It holds ice for long periods of time  
Only the Best!. Excellent product. Sharp and beautiful. Highly recommend. Well packaged. Sold by Metrokitchen  
Honeywell 83331 Silent Surround. I did a ton of research on air filters before i purchased this one. This product was not reviewed anywhere but here - which was strange. 
If you re a Fiesta-ware connossieur,... Then you know that this is a good deal for the category. I received mine two days ago, and like it. No complaints. This 
a hint for making this work well. I received a honey dispenser as a wedding gift a few years ago, when Williams Sonoma carried them slightly different model . My 
Wonderful Le Creuset French Oven. This is the best French Oven I have ever used. It cooks evenly and cleans easily. While it is very heavy, that must add to 
PD06G Review. It was a little hard getting the batteries in, but once that was done I set the device to feed every 12 hours and it has been working 
Tops For a Turkey. The roasting pan was excellent for what I needed. A 17 lb. bird fit in it easily. It was easy to clean, and attractive. I would 
Excellent gadget. First saw these in Italy and fell in love! These baskets help keep fingers and butter knives out of the toaster by simply lifting up the basket for 
A good tool for the kitchen. I never bother seasoning the wok. I just give it a good scrubbing and drying to prevent rust. I am very pleased with this 
Great meat thermometer. This is the second time I ve purchased this same themometer. There was nothing wrong with the first. I purchased the second one as a gift for 
Handy stuff for kitchen. I love this stool. It s so handy and I can put it in tiny space between fridge and oven. Small and handy  
healthy pregnancy. I purchased this for my niece who was pregnant at the time. She started using it right away. She said she feels like the last two trimesters were 
Nice buy for the price. For some reason it was a bit bigger than my twin comforter... probably made like that so it wouldn t be too small for fluffier 
Great spatula, but wait for Amazon to correct the listing. The model 71385 is the spoon spatula, the all-purpose is 71383; if you order before Amazon fixes this, you ll 
Good for meds. I got this because im on special medication that needs to be kept cold at all times Flolan . I love the little fridge and it works 
Perfect travel cup. I love my coffee fresh and have a french cup and a travel cup in one is the perfect cup for me, I really recomend it  
Love the who set!. My husband is a Chef so we are very picky about knives. We love these! I would buy them again in a heartbeat! GREAT VALUE  
Cowabunga!. Our little rat terrier can usually make a ten minute snack out of the biggest rawhide treats. This thing has kept him very busy for three to four days 
Warm enough for Florida!. I live in Fla., so a seriously warm comforter is not needed most of the time. However, last night it hit below freezing, and I was 
Great pan. Good sturdy pan. Handle stays cool to the touch. Easy to clean. Nice, even cooking. Not too heavy. Lid seals well. I have the 5 Quart too and 
exceptional product, highly recommend. This is the ultimate pan for making a deep-dish lasagna, stuffed crepes or enchiladas. I appreciate the heft of this pan and the fact that it 
Purr Padds. I agree with the first customer s comment, my cats LOVE these pads. It s nice that there are two in a pack. We took our cat to 
This thing rules. Wow, what a bargain. First off the price from Amazon was amazing. 179 and free shipping. Was twice as much at Frys. My thoughts:-This thing has tons 
Makes excellent citrus juice!. Great little juicer. We re using it daily to juice oranges and grapefruit. I m getting cup of orange juice from an average orange which is 
Magnetic Knife Storage Strip. I really like this product, however I don t use it for knives I use it in my sewing room to keep all my scissors at 
Nifty Little Space Saver. I have just received this toaster so I can t comment on its durability but I can talk about the toast. Very easy to use. There 
Lots of Compliments. I bought a set of these at Target last year and have received lots and lots of compliments on them! They re not only interesting to look 
Reasonable Expectations. I ve seen a handful of reviews on this product, all of which are giving an innaccurate view of the actual product.For what it is intended to do, 
Roomy Toaster Oven. Why would you get a smaller toaster oven when you can get this one at such a good price? It works well, looks good and you can 
Good for the Office. I really wanted a quiet strong fan. This one is the perfect size, not too small, not too large and it is very quiet. It is 
a perfect utility knife. This is the perfect knife to use for just about anything. It has perfect weight and balance, and makes life in the kitchen a whole lot 
Great Item, Great Price. I was looking for a pillowtop mattress for a while but really did not want to buy a new set so I decided to explore these 
An AC Powered Booklight!. I have tried a number of different battery-powered booklights and they all go through batteries in about 5 minutes. This light can be purchased with an 
Sharp & Precise. Yes, I admit that I am very picky about scissors. Over the years, we have bought quite a few scissors, from the expensive ones to those you 
Great Quality. I bought them because I like them. After a year they are just better and better. House guests who stay in very good hotels think they are great 
My wive is in crushed ice heaven!. My wife loves to crunch ice. We purchased a new refrigerator with an ice crusher, but the chunks were fairly large for crunching, 
This is the second one I ve bought. The first one only lasted ten years.Probably wouldn t have needed the second one if I hadn t over wound the first 
Great scale for our market garden and for Ebay-ing. My wife and I have a market garden and use this scale to weigh out equal portions of produce as we 
Great Pans. I love these pans - they make it very easy to make multiple loaves of bread and small cakes very easy. Heavyweight and substantial bakeware - well worth 
Built to last. I ve been using my X3 for over a year now averaging 8 shots per day and have had no problems at all with performance. It is 
How a 3&quot; knife cost me 300!. My 3&quot; paring knife broke. I decided to replace it with the Henckels 4 Star model. What a mistake! It is beautiful, sharp, 
Pretty good item. I was initially worried since this rack was significantly cheaper than all of the other magnetic racks I looked at on the web.I was surprised with the 
My favorite knife. Of all my Global knives I have bought recently, this is my favorite - I just love it. It is very light and so easy to use 
Does so many things!. I am a happy happy person with this new gadget, it has made my life easier opening bottle tops, jars, pop tops, etc.... when you have 
It Works Well on Most Bottles !. When fitted tightly and sealed, this saver works very well indeed. It does not work on all bottle necks, however, such as the 
Works for Alfalfa!. We ve been using Cosequin for about a year for our 11-year-old cat. He d been showing signs of pain that the vet said was most likely 
Wonderful Teapot. ..Fabulous for my Hand Painted Designs. This little Teapot has a feel of silk to it. The finish is so smooth and it is just a wonderful little 
shuck away!. i read all the reviews before i bought this knife, some were pretty helpful and some were pretty inaccurate. For one, this knife is not for professionals. I 
Beautiful pattern and delicate cup. Teacup and saucer are even more intricate than pictured. Also, Amazon did a fabulous job with careful packaging and shipped very promptly  
Great!. Great size for daily cooking. Because of it s bottom, the cooking time is shorter than conventional pans. Clean up is a breeze.  
EXCELLENT AND FUN TUMBLERS. I love these cups from ZAK DESIGNS! They re fun, easy to clean and great for outdoor entertaining in the summer as well as holding a 
A Great Drink. What a quick easy way to make a great cup of coffee. I like to mix the packs up and make my own brew. I have freinds 
Great Product!. I was tired of having holes in the shoulders of my sweaters, and I was short on drawer space for folded items. Now that is not a problem, 
great product -- horrible shipping. I have ordered two of these from this vendor. Both times the product was received almost a month after I ordered it. The product is 
2nd Edition is Great. I ve used the Itty Bitty Booklight for years. The 2nd edition is a welcome improvement. It s much easier to turn on off, and the 
Excellent Machine and Excellent Espresso. Service Center SUCKS. The FF X5 is great, well built, and makes good espresso and good froth. However, the FF exclusive service center SUCKS. It 
Beautiful coordinating piece!!. My Husband and I had a hard time agreeing in a dinnerware set when we got married. After a lot of discussion I thought we would never 
A place for my cheese sticks!. I needed something that I could leave in my kitchen counter with cheese sticks 2 fat; I m on a diet and munch on 
A good product. The quality is pretty good. But the actual color is much brighter than it is shown on the website  
Pretty Handy. This works pretty well, but it is pretty loud as well, but I guess it has to be loud so it produces decent power  
beautiful. I am a big fan of the Royal Albert collection. This particular piece is a beautiful addition to my collection. I am quite satisfied with my purchase  
Best Cookware I have EVER used!. I love my Swiss Diamond Cookware! I was so tired of destroying my nonstick cookware in an attempt to brown items I had no 
An amazingly good deal!!. I d been looking for a good juicer for a number of months, but had shied away because they re expensive. I saw this deal, read 
Best citrus knife ever. This citrus knife is very easy to use. The blade is longer than most making it easy to segment the largest grapefruit with ease and the 
Perfect bowls. These bowls are very nice and they do not move about while you stir your whatever . They are worth the cost and you will be pleased with 
teapot. it was smaller than i wanted , but it is good to make tea for one perso  
Good product. Does its job very well no complaints, Just be careful with it or you might damage it  
Great Product. Great product, very soft. Save my expensive mattress from my son s mishaps several time already. However, one of the stain got though, perhaps it s not 100 
Great but not awesome. I bought this to satisfy my craving for cappuccino. However, I am too lazy to use a Moka Pot and whip milk independently. The Mukka Express 
Calphalon. LOVED this pan; I got several others too. Price was much below average  
Bright as sunshine. I actually have several of these pitchers and love them all. The handle is well balanced and it is an attractive item to set on the table 
It works for me: . This product works for me, simply follow the directions and of course do not overfill it. The instruction is printed right on the bag, no 
Great Buy. I have an air filter in almost every room in our house. This air purifier works as well if not better than a 250 filter that I bought 
Not entirely made of steel . I like this rack. It s great and well made, but I was disappointed to see that its not 100 steel. The part that 
Pet Bubble Fountain. After having the filter type pet water fountain, I was looking for something that was easier to keep clean, and less expensive to maintain. After reading the 
Looks Great. The sheet set was perfect.I have a question to people who have already bought one! Is the embroidery there on only one side of the sheet?Iam surprised if 
Love these dishes!. These dishes are high quality and a great color. I wanted something fun and different. The mugs are perfect if you like coffe, tea or cocoa! I 
A practical and safe product to have. Bought this for my daughter who is a college student. My concern was mainly safety issues. This was the lowest priced product in 
Aspiring house-chef. This is a great product that works for a myriad of dishes. We love to make anything from pancakes to grilled sandwiches. It grills steaks and chicken great 
Lovely. This lovely serving bowl is a wonderful addition to your set~ It s a good size for serving veggies or stuffing. You ll get many compliments while passing this 
VERY HAPPY!!!!. I read the reviews before buying this set and took everything into account. The fact of the matter is that this set is exactly what my son wanted 
a good buy. Pros: Grinds easily. Very good output for size. Easy to re-fill. Has a cap to keep counters clean from mill residue. Ceramic grinding mechanism is as strong 
The Best Toaster Oven I Have Owned! A Terrific Product!. I received this terrific DeLonghi Metropolis EOM1230 toaster oven as a gift, and it is the best of its kind 
Ceramic Stovetop. I ve read the previous reviews about not being able to use it with this type of stove, but I have had no problems!! It works great! I 
Great for kids!. I bought this so my 9 and 4 year olds could easily get their own cereal in the morning, and also have easy access to a healthy 
Kidco Gate Installation Kit. We recently purchased this kit to install on the top and bottom stairs with a kidco gate. It was very easy to install, its very sturdy 
Very BIG, but very useful. My only beef with these mugs is that they re so big. I own the smaller Fiestaware mugs too, and I complained about those being 
As good as I anticipated!. The first time I used this was to slice soporsato for the Superbowl....Excellent knife! I was able to slice this cured sausage diagonally, and with 
LOVE THIS MACHINE!!. I purchased the Floormate on the advise of a very good friend who has used one for a very long time. Upon reading the customer reviews, I 
Absoulty love these knives. What can you say, nonslip handles, sharp blades, easy to clean. These knives are every cooks dream. Plus the bottom of the birchwood block is removable 
Pfaltzgraff Tea Rose Enamel on Steel Burner Cover Set, Set of 4. Looks very good on my stove and pleased with the quality  
Fagor Duo Combi Pressure Cooker Set. I have used the pressure cooker for over 3 months now. This has been one of the best kitchen cookware purchases I have made. 
I don t want to get out of bed!. I bought 3 king sets when these were on sale, and my only regret is that I didn t buy more. 
It really works!. We were very skeptical. One of our cats would mark certain spots like corners occassionaly. But we had no idea that he was daily marking the area 
The best kives!. It does exactly what it says. State of the art cutlery, cutting vegetables becomes a pleasure. It is stunning the precision of this knife; you set it 
A great machine for the office. Very quick and good coffee as long as you buy the proprietary pods, which can be found on line usually with free shipping  
A marvel of low tech. As a person who loathes cheap, clutter, infomercial widgets I bought this out or sheer curiosity imagining it would be returned the same day. This 
blends well. so far this product is working well. Thorough mixing of ingredients; easy to clean; overall very pleased with the product. However, I ve only had it for a 
Impressive look that won t ruin your interor design. I bought 2 of these gates plus the additional extensions. My hall way openings are in the blackout width dimensions. I 
Gorgeous Plum color!. This bread tray is perfect plum!! The color is amazing, and the tray is so useful for so many things!! Get several of these!  
Absolutely Fabulous -- Cheap Effective Convenient. These are great little clips. The big ones work great for chip bags, the little ones are super for closing those bags of frozen 
Great sheets. I bought these several weeks ago. We live in the Southwest, so don t need very heavy bedsheets to stay warm. These flannel sheets are perfect for our 
Classic martini glasses. These look and feel so sophisticated to me, a non-connoisseur. They are delicate, but not fragile, and have the perfect silhouette. I m very picky about aesthetics, 
Going strong after TEN YEARS. I bought this ball for my Rottweiler, Zoe, when the ball was bigger than she was! She loves this ball and will dig under three 
At last a good cup of coffee!. I couldn t be happier with this press. I have heard how a press is the best way to make coffee so I 
Great Shaker. This shaker was exactly what I expected. It is very useful and I m glad to have it. Received in great condition and in a reasonable time. I 
Excellent Space Saving Product. I highly recommend the collapsible Rubbermaid product. I have thrown away all of my non-collapsible plastic containers and have freed up space on two kitchen shelves. 
Vornado 215B Classic Air Circulator. I m a cyclist and this fan made all the difference in my indoor workouts. It will definitely keep your upper body cooler. It s 
Great Table. I purchased both the coffee table and end table from this line. Both are very sturdy and of good quality. I had tables from Walmart which did not 
Fine product!. ...extremely soft, comfortable and light. Ideal for many situations, at home, or on the road. Great as a gift! I got it as a bargain at the price 
Excellent!. I bought this microwave through the PC Richard store in my area, not Amazon but wanted to write a review about it anyway. I read the other reviews and 
The tea is still hot as I write. I have had this item for a couple of weeks now and used it every day and every evening. I ve used 
Euro-Pro Shark V1725 Sweeper. I love the Euro-Pro Shark sweeper. It s easy and manuverable. Fits my lifestyle perfectly and works wonderfully.  
Wonderful!. My cats must love it because I now empty the litter box every day! It s so easy and quick! The only thing I don t love about it 
Quick work of a big job. I purchased this to clean the grout in a tile floor. It does a quick job of dissloving the dirt. You do have to 
Pleased With Product. For the price of this Coffeemaker Espresso Machine, this little guy is great. usually you would pay anywhere from 39.99-69.99 for a espresso machine alone. I like 
Nice little knife. This is a great little knife. It is super sharp. Great for cutting veggies and fruit. Pretty good with sof t items as well. You really do 
Wife was happy. My wife - Japanese - was pissed when I ordered this. She thought a stone would work best. She was very surprised and happy after trying it, 
Better Than 5 Stars!!!!. I believe if you re serious about cooking, you should own great cookware and excellent knives. I finally stepped up and got excellent knives. For those 
superb value. I ve used this pot for several months now and have been thoroughly pleased everytime! Not only is it a very attractive piece, but it performs incredibly well. 
2 years Old. I have my simplyhuman trash can a little over 2 years now. Just the other night the step lid opener broke. When I turned the can over 
Almost the Greatest!. I have NEVER had a blender that could make a great smoothie. Always chunks of frozen fruit, blocks of ice, but if I leave this easy to 
Do not be so Spartan. If we go to all the trouble to use Fiestaware then at least we can look civilized. This bud vase The pronunciation is dependent the 
Very large bowl. My teenager loves these large cereal bowls. They fit about twice as much cereal as our previous stoneware bowls. The pattern also complements the Summer Breeze dinnerware 
oh boy. this thing is amazing ....hands down the best deep fryer i have ever used.....my buddy who is a chef came by and told me that it is the 
What s The Problem?. I was really dispirited to read so many unhappy reviews about this product. Our groomer recommended and lent us this so we could try it out 
Great for storing t-shirts and sweaters. I was a little bit concern when I first saw that the organizer will hold to the rod with velcro, but it is pretty 
Pretty good Stockpot. I purchased this 12-quart stockpot as part of a set. It sells for 29.99. I had read all the reviews before purchasing it. Overall I am pretty 
Fiestaware 44 oz teapot persimmon. I love my teapot it pours beautifully. And the shape is wonderful! It is one of the best teapots I have ever owned  
Great scent that lasts for months. I bought these candles almost a year ago and they smell just as good as they did the day I took them out of 
Great Value. These towels are generously sized, thick and luxurious. Probably worth much more than the cost here on Amazon  
Best ice cream scoop ever. This is the best ice cream scoop ever well, spade . I ve had mine for 2 years now black version . No matter how 
The right tool.... for the job. After 3 hours of preparation and cooking, you hate to see your masterpiece destroyed at the critical moment. This handy little utensil is just 
Is what it is. I had the same experience with Karen--a broken plastic housing around the top hinge-ratchet. But unlike Karen, I thought it was worth returning, since Amazon makes 
Pet Gear Home N Go Deluxe Soft-Sided Pet Crate, Small, Pink Ice. I LOVE LOVE LOVE it... So does my Maggie.. It took her a while to get use to 
Good toast, at last!. It s nice to buy a product that works exactly as expected and doesn t disappoint: the Dualit 25375 toaster. It is a very solid, well-made 
Krups Gold Tone Filter. Works great, it is a lot easier than using paper filters  
Convenience. I don t know why I waited so long to buy and use a knife block! It is very convenient for keeping my most-used knives close at hand - 
A great replacement for frying pans. I wanted a griddle because the surface area and shape of frying pans prevent me from cooking as much food at one time as 
Beautiful Set!. Delicate but sturdy. Makes every meal enjoyable. Lovely calla lily set on a creamy white background.  
Ease of use. the vacuum has plenty of power and manouvers very well. easy to handle and ease of access to the onboard tools. overall very satisfied with this vacuum 
These things are great!. It is the perfect size for a bowl to eat out of, it has a lid so it is good for leftovers or taking to work, 
Fast and easy. I just love this chopper! It makes chopping a week s worth of peppers and onions for my breakfast omelets easy work. I have also used it 
So great that I bought a second one.... I love this thing. This is without a doubt the best lap desk I have ever used. I originally bought it for 
Cordless Kettle. This is the third and hopefully last electric tea kettle I have purchased. The Hamilton Beach Stainless Steel Electric Cordless Kettle is great. It holds a lot of 
Great size, quality and colors!. This plate is the perfect size for general use. The colors are great, the quality is amazing, and they stand up well in the dishwasher 
Look nice and easy to embroider. I bought these to embroider on and they work great for that. They look really nice, make a nice gift.UPDATE: Since I ve purchased 
Wonderful. I bough this when I saw it on sale for 40. My girlfriend vaccuums her house just about every day, and her previous cordless vaccuum which was also a 
Best chicken roaster ever ... As the other reviewer notes, this is really a forgiving method of roasting food in the oven, especially checkens, which can be a bit unforgiving 
Love My Tagine. I ordered this following a vacation trip to Morocco. WHY DIDN T I BUY ONE IN MOROCCO ? I was impressed with the Moroccan style of Tagine 
microwave cart. it is the closest thing I found to what I was looking for. I couldn t find one like it in the stores. I actually bought 2 of 
Yes, it really works !!!. I don t have a lot time to write detailed reviews. But i want to take a min to tell everyone that this really works. 
Beautiful Shot Glasses for Espresso, would probably hold tequilla as well. Look at the picture. You ve pretty much got the idea.What you have here is your basic shot glass, 
Nice saucepan. I have the 10-piece Circulon Elite set, and purchased this pot to go with that set. It s bigger than the saucepans that come in the set, so 
New favorite. This is my new favorite pot. It makes my food taste incredible. I prefer to season myself so I washed w soap and scrubbed and then did the 
fully satisfied. Very nice glasses! Especially at the price. Mine came overpacked in a huge box with lots of pillow pack, so they ve heard and addressed the breakage complaints 
Perfect size. Finally an angel food cake pan that I know will take all the batter without spilling over. Cake releases easily and cleanup is quick and even quicker if 
Great fan for my desk!. I use this fan on my desk at work. Its stylish, quiet, doesn t take up any space, and puts out just enough air. Very 
quite useful. I absolutely love this floor vacuum. It has never run out of battery power while I was vacuuming and there s no dragging the cord around or switching 
Stunning Flatware. I searched for months for a stylish, durable set of flatware at a bargain price, and this is it! I was lucky enough to buy service for 8 
Excellent price!. Locally one box of 5 runs about 2 3 of the cost of this case lot of 5 boxes. A terrific savings  
No Disappointments Here!. No disappointments here! Extremely satisfied with the large Fiestaware Cinnabar Serving Platter. Not only does it serve it s real purpose on the table, but also displays 
Definitely Pleased ~ My Kids Love It!. I purchased two of these for my boys. They sleep with only their comforters. When I put extra blankets and sheets on their 
good pot. i used this pot towice alredy and it done the job great espically when you have some guests and your small pot don t hold that quntity  
I LOVE THESE THINGS!. I love the grab-its! They are wonderful. I was so disappointed when the outlet store I used to buy them from told me that they no 
Perfect size. An 8&quot; vase, in dramatic cobalt, with beautiful lines---what more could you ask for?! Forget how it looks in the picture---get out a ruler and see how tall 
Sunflower Yellow is Beautiful!. I collect both old and new Fiesta Ware and was thrilled to see the vibrant new Sunflower Yellow dinnerware. The color is wonderful; much darker and 
My balls are beautiful!. Very good kitchen tool, as always with KitchenAid. Enough said  
Wonderful Glasses. Riedel makes the finest wine glasses in the world. I can t quite step up to pay for the Sommelier series, but the Vinum doesn t disappoint. The 
Like them, don t like the customer service of Polder. I really like the look of these canisters. They look great on my counter...matching my stainless appliances. However, the large 
Coring is a Breeze!. We have nearly the entire KitchenAid Cobalt collection, and depend heavily on this piece. Cores apples with eaze. If you re making a pie or a 
prego pizzelle baker. I gave this to my 77 year old mother for her birthday. She loves it and makes pizzelles all the time. Easy to understand and easy to 
great little steamer, quick and easy to use!!!. i bought this item at walmart last year after christmas for only 25 dollars. i use it a lot to clean up 
Great grill for a party of 6. Recently my wife and I used this grill during a New Year s celebration. We were going to have eight guests but instead 
Why did you raise the price 35 ??????. I would like to order 3 more sets; however, not at the new price. 35 highe  
Awesome yogurt. I bought this yogurt maker after reading about the benefits of home made yogurt. I was a little curious about the flavor, somehow I thought it would be 
Pfaltzgraff Flower Garden Mug. Beautiful and heavy. Good quality stonewear and larger capacity than I expected. Easy to hold. Prett green interior. Much nicer than the smaller cups that go 
Delish. The machine is superb! It makes consistently great tasting coffee each and every time. It sets up easily and turns on with a push of a button. We have 
Favorite Crockpot Book. This has a lot of recipes that are delicious, easy and good, as opposed to the recipes in some other books that seem to try to see 
Monitor Baby s room. It works as advertised.We have a 2-story home and upstairs temp sometimes varies. We bought it to monitor the upstairs temp.very happy with this  
Good buy; useful tool. I bought this for a gift last year 2005 from Amazon.com and have used it myself on several occasions.What s good:The mixer is light, strong, and 
Nice mattress pad. We are happy with the mattress pad. You can t hear any crinkling noises when you move around in bed. It washes nicely, and so far, hasn 
Great use for a lifetime!. This is identical to the soda siphon I ve owned since 1975 and it still works beautifully. The kids got juice fizzed up with no 
Great Toaster and More. Golden brown toast every morning, perfectly baked left overs and convenient to say the least. No regrets here  
Very pleased. I like having everything mathing my dishes to set a table. The lasagna pan came broken and Amazon.com promptly replaced it for me. I am very happy with 
Great toaster oven for the price. Love this toaster oven. It doesn t take up that much room on the counter, yet the inside is fairly large. I m amazed 
Very nice. Beautiful canister. I purchased one in each of the three sizes. They look fantastic in my kitchen. Highly recommend  
A Wonderful Product for Old and Young Cats. My older cat with arthritis loves this mat. I have a young cat with a bad hip and she spends her days 
Unbelievable price for incredible quality!. I was lucky enough to get these on sale for 199 and then get 25 dollars off because of an amazon special being run at 
Work Good. This electric kettle is awesome,it boil water in no time.You can.t find any better one with this price!  
Better Than Others by a lot. I have owned a couple of this type of electric corkscrews, and this is the one I always come back to. I had one 
Good Value, Easy and timeless. Nice wooden frame with real glass; nice matting; and very simple instructions! The foam material for the imprint is not messing and easy to imprint. 
These are the Best !. I bought two of these a couple of years ago. I ve done weddings, showers, Christmas parties,etc.. These cannot be beat! The look beautiful holding 
Great little frother. I like it a lot. Makes fat free milk froth well right in the mug, then I warm in the MW, which froths it even more, then 
Very good product. Excellent Product, coffee is very good tasting. granted not quite as good as brewed but I found that I was waisting more then half the pot daliy. 
WOW!. Purchased this item for a tiny bathroom. Love it! Sturdy, heavy glass and metal comprise the frame. Lots of storage with style and little floor space! A bit tricky 
Easy to use, no complaints. I had not been around a pressure cooker since I was a kid and they always made me nervous. This cooker and I m sure 
EXCELLENT BLADE, but Watch For Chipping!. The Kyoto Ceramic company makes all kinds of stuff out of ceramics. From circuit boards and transmitters in mobile phones to excellent writing pens 
This machine is the greatest...... but, I admit that I had a couple of hours of frustration with the Autopunch. Then after finally listening to my mother, who by the 
Great. I bought two of these pillows from the suggestion of a magazine article and we love them! My boyfriend travels frequently and he takes it with him on the 
Perfect for an apartment. I really like this piece, I think that it could have been better, but I m happy with it. The screws they provided for putting together 
very pleased. The glasses shipped safely with none of them broke. We really enjoy the size and the overall experience  
A great starter piece or addition to your Le Creuset collection. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other products. Le Creuset casts these cooking 
Awesome flavor. Great results. I used this to marinade some meat I was using to make jerky. I only wish the directions included information for using as a marinade as 
LOVE it - didn t think I would but I DO. My wife bought me one of these Cork Pops things, and I thought she was nuts - another TV 
Wow!!!!! What a vaccum..................... Well I spent 3 months researching all canister vaccums out on the market and kept going back to this miele. Yes it is very expensive about 
Gorgeous Serving Plate. This serving plate is beautiful. However, as with other items in the Pinzon Tomato collection, the bottom of the piece, that would touch the item under it, 
Great looking & warm. My mother liked this comforter so much I had to order her her own. At 19.99 it was a stea  
A terrific companion for our Lodge cookware. We own a ton of Lodge cast iron. Literally, I think. So I was a little leery of trying another brand. But this 
Perfect. Cups and bowls are huge. Charcoal, black, and ivory work perfectly with the black granite in my kitchen. Dishwasher, freezer, microwave. These are exactly what I needed. The accessories....big 
Sharp R-320HK 1200-Watt 1.2-Cubic-Foot Microwave, Black. Wonderful microwave oven. Shipping and delivery was prompt and arrived in excellent condition  
Great buy, you can t do better in this price range. ok, let s be honest, if your looking to spend less than 400 this is probably your best bet. 
I Can Walk My Dog Now. I have a very head strong medium size dog who pulled endlessly on the leash, choking, making terrible nosies and hurting my arm. I 
Great Stuff!. Feliway is wonderful. My cat has been inappropriately urinating and marking for years. We ve tried everything. Feliway finally did the trick. There s no way I have 
Best Toaster I ve Ever Had. I m in my 40 s and through the years, I ve owned or used many a toaster. I can t remember ever having 
Great for night reading. The adjustability makes it better than fixed lights because you can put the light right where you need it.  
Works, and easy to install. I really like this shower filter. It was very easy to install and makes a noticeable difference. I didn t see any decrease in water 
Great multi-purpose tongs. These are wonderful tongs. They work well in non-stick and delicate pots and pans due to the silicon tong end. They have a sturdy aluminum frame, but 
Real workhorse. Husband writing review: I bought the Lodge Sportsman Grill last year, and I get a lot of use out of it. It s perfect for a couple of 
I m afraid your knives aren t your problem. Somebody send a crash cart and a sugar wafer to the reviewer who said I have actually cut myself several times 
Grapefruit spoons are wonderful. I ordered these for my new husband who had never used a special knife or spoon for grapefruit, and he is thrilled with how they work. 
good quality. I have been buying the Oxo spatulas for quite some time, and find that they clean up easily, don t fall apart, and don t become brittle. I 
Bissell 2800B Perfect Sweep Turbo Electric Sweeper. Excellent little sweeper, I can t believe how much it picks up,works great on my tile and low pile carpet. It s not 
Great Pillows. I was a little worried that they wouldn t be too great considering the price. I was wrong. They are fluffy and wonderful  
The best lasagne pan. Big enough, Deep enough, for Heavy Duty Eaters..Buy one you will love it.  
Kitchenaid. Why didn t I buy a Kitchenaid 20 years ago? Last night I made meatloaf. It took exactly 5 minutes to prepare it. I used it to mix lefse 
Great Vacuum, Typically good experience with Amazon. I bought a Refurbished Eureka R4870G Boss Upright Vacuum. After looking through a lot information - Consumer s Reports listed it as one 
FANTISTIC MIXER. First, let me say Amazon is super-swift in processing orders. I ordered on Sunday 19th & received in excellent condition UPS, of course late morning on Thursday 22nd 
My favorite mixing bowl. This bowl has a nice weight to it, doesn t slide around on the counter, and has a soft comfortable grip. Great bowl  
The Hoover Flair is the Best!. Known as a cleaning fanatic by my family and friends, I wanted a small vacuum for quick cleaning jobs. I already own two other 
Very satisfied..... Very satisfied with the coffee maker, could not be happier. First time buyer of the seller. Item was delivered much faster than expected inspite it being ordered before 
Terrific value for under 25. I ve wanted a juicer for a long time, but could never really justify the expense, knowing that I d very likely quickly tire of 
soft, pretty, great value!. These are lovely, soft sheets...big enough for thick mattresses and what a bargain!!! I may buy another set if available  
My second piece of Milano. I liked the loveseat so much that I bought the couch. It s comfy, supportive, and not too difficult to put together from the pictures. 
So sweet. Those sheets are so sweet. I bought them in several colors. It s a dream to sleep in them  
Dominion Demitasse Spoons. Cute, sturdy little spoons. They were exactly as pictured and described.They arrived quickly and efficiently  
Rustic Baking Dish. This 1 1 2-Quart Round Casserole with Lid is a small but practical-sized dish to add to a Le Creuset collection. I m a longtime collector of 
Prepared for the worst, received the best!. I carefully read every customer review of this product before placing my order and was therefore prepared for it to arrive in less 
a real help. This item was everything that was advertised. I am very happy I ordered the matts. I will tell other people about the  
perfect. Fit perfectly in your hand, and they are so light. Let s you concentrate on the beer, not the mug. Love them  
a tried and true classic. Fiestaware ROCKS! The turquoise place setting is beautiful...It is much brighter than the pictures on amazon.com...Fiestaware is functional, calssic and fun- I love to mix 
Good workout. i have been using six second abs for a month. i can see my stomach getting flatter. so i wouldnt believe the commericals that say it took them 
Powerful and versatile. More then enough power to handle larger capacity items yet versatile to handle smaller capacity items in small bowl to simplify cleanup. Plus the medium size bowl 
great mixer. This is a great mixer its a little loud but worth it for the power you get  
Almost perfect. I purchased this product at my local home improvement store. Iwas hesitant when I saw the price tag, but decided to go on impulse.It is a sturdy, solid 
Sweet little French Press!. This is very handy for making single cups of coffee, and the small amount of grounds left in the bottom are easily disposed of. Since it 
Great addition. This was a great addition to the dehydrator! I have been making jerky and using these the marinade doesn t mess up the dehydrator as much. Clean up 
cheap aluminum. this is a cheap, lightweight pan, if thats what you re looking for, buy it. if you want heavier metal, move on  
Best knife I own. Convinced me to buy the set. After working with a combination of German knives for more than ten years, I decided to buy a Global knife 
egyptian cotton blanket. very nice, warm blanket, but too big for a full size bed, way too big  
use it very night. very nice filter. we run it every night and it has a nice low humming thats great as background noise  
Worth it !!. Its good for its small scale every day stove grilling. Its very heavy and heats up quick therefore grills better than any other stove grill pan.Its good 
Lenox quality!. Just got this a couple of weeks ago. Love the look and quality. For the price, you can t go wrong  
This thing freakin rocks!. Was originally concerned about the looks quality of the unit from the pic, but it looks much better once you get it out of the box. 
great. love em. using the fitted sheet as a futon cover and the flat as an oversized chair cover. the pillow cases for orange accents around the room to tie 
breakfast made faster. Last Sunday I actually had 6 warm waffles on my breakfast simultaneously. Contrary to previous reviewers my waffles were crisp and I noticed no problems with the 
Unusual, great glasses. These are incredible glasses! Very high quality, sleek glasses that feel great in your hand and look great on your table. As the shape is different, they 
I love this coffee maker!. This coffee maker makes excellent coffee. It is easy to clean and keeps the coffee warm and tasty for several hours.I did not have any 
Ice Cube Tray. I always seek out these Rubbermaid ice cube trays when I need to replace mine, as they are the best, in my opinion. They make large cubes 
Amazing Knife for the Money. This was a present for my brother who is in Culinary Arts school. He loves it, and the professor was very impressed with it s 
Heavy duty, durable Shun shears. I love Shun and I love these kitchen shears. The whole thing is very heavy duty and feels of quality and durability. If you open 
Nice Pan. This pan work very well. Nothing sticks to it and it is very easy to clean  
Good Product, Decent Price. Works like it should, no problems, good pricing. Would like to have a regular size battery in the handheld, but almost all of them use the 
Met all expectations, excellent glasses!. These glasses fully met all my expectations for looks and -- more importantly -- tasting. I also purchased the Burgundy and White wine glasses in 
Yum. great machine, alarm is not to loud, waffels are wonderful. Kids and wife enjoy the heart shaped waffels, well worth the money. I almost rated it 5 stars......  
Good Stuff. I am very pleased with the Sagno Nova Brown Dinner Set. I have searched for similar dinner ware for quite awhile. After finding this and ordering, and seeing 
makes superb rice. my girlfriend told me that she has had a similar rice cooker for years at home and it worked amazingly and made great rice so we got 
MULTIPLE USE BOWL. THIS 2 QT BOWL HAS MANY USES . I USE IT FOR MIXING , SERVING AND BAKING. IT IS WONDERFUL FOR MACARONI AND CHEESE , ALSO HAVE 
Just love it!. I really love this scale. At first, I thought that it wouldn t be the best scale because of the low price. However, I have been pleasantly 
Love these sheets!. I love these sheets. The color is perfect though more brick than ruby . They are smooth and soft. Also the lace is not scratchy. They go 
Excessive, but excessively cool!. I admit, a high-end knife that is meant to cut only tomatoes seems like an excessive purchase. But I love mine! It effortlessly glides through delicate 
Well worth 20. As subject says. Soft and comfortable. For the price, you can t beat it. Fits well  
Microsuede Comforter Brick. I got this on a Gold Box sale and I love the price; also love the feel of it and the best thing is that I love 
Microwave Popcorn Popper Does the Job Well. Very pleased with this product. It pops completely without oil haven t tried it with ; leaves virtually no unpopped kernels. It s 
steamer. Great product. I use this all year for steamed veggies, holds 6 ears of corn, or for steamed clams. Fits almost any of my pans, but I usually use 
Relief...At Last! Amended Review . Like many people, I have ignorant neighbors that allow their yappy mutt to bark on and on and on. Despite talking to the neighbor politely 
chutney burner cover. It s pretty : it makes my kitchen lovely!!!! Amazon did good on delivery : :  
Great Product!!!!. I can finally cook salmon on the grill! These cedar planks are terrific and give fish a wonderful flavor.Highly reccommended  
Great little pan. I love this little pan....so handy for individual omelets, etc. Only wish there could have been a lid available for it  
Great Espresso Machine for the Price. I purchased this machine around 3 months ago to replace a 10 year old Krups. The Gaggia machine makes the best home espresso I 
Furi Knife Sharpener. Product works as advertised, but I also agree with previous reviewers that the clamshell case could have been designed better. The side latches for the clamshell are 
works great on glass top stove. We needed a pressure cooker that would work on our glass top stove. Not many of them do so we were very happy when 
AWESOME PRODUCT. I got this for my mother and I wasn t too sure about the color I had originally wanted a darker color- but this arrived and was SUCH 
Best I ever used. These shears really do the job. Plenty sharp and with enough leverage to easily cut through bones. The hand grips are very comfortable and handsome  
A great starting point... A nice first step toward seriously enjoying wine. The technical part of the Riedel design has merit, I m sure, but like the right new suit, 
Need Help!!. does anyone know of a good site where you can get a good deal on the bag liners for these great trash cans?  
greatest thing since scooped ice cream. have used this for 20 years and it s still going strong. the freon that is sealed into the one piece die cast aluminum 
Very Fast and Easy. I planted these last Wed. It is now Tues and I think by tommorow I will be able to harvest. They grow so fast you can 
Bullet Proof Deep Fryer. Bought ours two years ago after considerable research. Busy working family with multiple schedules and a parade of hungry young adults have given it a workout. 
best money can buy. I worked in a pet store for 5 years and this is the best on the back filter you can get the spongs can be rinced 
Great decanter for everyday use. I received this decanter as a gift last May. Very slick looking and its nicely constructed. It comes in real handy for everyday use. I 
Good for the price. I have been using this heater on high for over a month now without turning it off with good results. The top of the heater has 
Outstanding Product at Outstanding Price. Beautiful design, heavy construction, nice balance... a delight to use.... if you can bring yourself to use them. They are a work of art. Highly 
Works great!. We re glad we didn t see the 1-star review, because we wouldn t have bought this, but we did buy one and it works great. It keeps 
Great soup pot, easy clean up, always performs as expected. I love this pot!!Think out of the box about the corn emblem on the front of the pot.....it s a 
Wow!!!! What a vaccum.................. Well I spent 3 months researching all canister vaccums out on the market and kept going back to this miele. Yes it is very expensive about 
Chocolate Fun. Easy to use and is a fun entertainment activity. Highly recommended. Is very quite while running too. Enjoy  
Canine Complete. Essential to all dogs over 25 lbs. Great for bones, joints and their coat.  
pretty good toaster, don t love the price. We got this toaster for it s large capacity and ease of cleaning. Thankfully, we are satisfied with both those aspects. However, 
Great opener. I ve purchased a few electric openers over the past years and none were worth the bother until I got this Hamilton Beach Heavyweight with removable washing unit. 
Good table. Great service!. I bought two of these tables a month ago. They look very nice. Other stores can easily charge double or even more for the price. &#60;br 
Excellent in most ways..... read on . I bought this to replace a Villaware grill which I also bought on Amazon. The problem with the Villaware Grill is that the 
Very Big Bag. This tree bag will fit a tree or two- if you have two! Very roomy I still have alot of room to fill in mine. Seems to 
Attractive and functional - a very good value. For the price, you really can t beat this storage tower. Even if you need two of them, the combined cost would 
Great pan for in the oven or on burner. This pan is very heavy and cooks very well in the oven or on the burner.It is easy to clean and 
Works fine with other cleaners. I really like my Floormate. I ve been using it for about 2 years now and would never go back to mopping with dirty water 
Cobalt Bread Tray. The bread tray will be a nice addition to my other Fiestaware. I think it will be useful for a number of things. My only complaint is 
Great Product. I ordered this because it was on sale. What a nice surpise. It is made very well and is a nice addition to my kitchen. The stainless steel 
They don t call it Patton for nothing. This fan is incredibly powerful. It can definitely move air around a room. My one call out is that there is almost 
Everlasting Treat Ball - a real performer!. After trying many types of balls objects with treats, finally found one that the dogs will literally chew on for hours. It has 
Great Towel. The towel has served it purpose quite well. It is soft, looks great, and was well priced  
Excellent Deal for the Price. I have wanted a black bread box for quite some time, and I would not pay forty dollars for a box. I was quite excited 
First quality place settings. Bought two of these place settings and they were better quality than I see in the stores sometimes. They were an excellent price and very reasonable 
perfect for harry potter fan. perfect accessory for harry potter themed room or party. harry potter fans would enjoy this gift  
Wonderful, elegant flatware. I purchased the 40 piece set in 2000, and have loved it ever since. Works great, wears well, great product  
Mini heart pan. The pan was very easy to use as I bought it for a craft project. I now see how I could make some deserts for some special 
Great Quality, No Frills. Very basic piece, but very well made, with good weight, balance and finish. Very pleased with the quality and at the price an exceptional value  
Fits in drawer. New kitchen drawers are very shallow and this tray was one of a very few that would fit. It also held more knives than most other trays 
Better than soup bowls. These are so nice for a cup of soup, coffee, or hot chocolate. We like to use these while watching TV  
Cutest Thomas Print. I think this is the cutest Thomas Bedding print. The only one complaint that I have about this set is that it s very rough. I purchased 
You would have to be an idiot for not buying this and just looking at it. YOUR PERSONAL REVIEW I ve had this for over a year and NOW i 
Awesome!. I love this slicer. My friend has one and recommended it to me. It cuts the slices evenly and easily! The hand held ones always irritated me because there 
Four cats - Five stars!. I bought this a month ago after much research and have no regrets! This was to replace a cheap, canister-type Kenmore and an upright Kirby 
best water filter and design. i heard that tab water in baltimore city isnt good for health, so i decided to by this water filter. this item makes tab water 
Sango Gold Dust 4-Piece Hostess Set, Green. I love this set. It is lovely and functional. My coarse grind pepper comes though well and although the salt holes are large, 
Great Little Kitchen Appliance. I really like this food chopper. I don t have a lot of counter space, so this works out perfectly for me. It can be kept 
Cobalt Blue. I purchased this in Cobalt Blue. It goes with my Fiestaware dishes, as well as my Pzaltsgraf and Longerberger Pottery. I also agree that the color and glaze 
Riedel Wine Glasses Are Outstanding. The Riedel Vinum Extreme Pinot Noir Burgundy Wine Glass, Set of 4lives up to its name. The glasses are excellent quality and make a wonderful 
Great quality and good price. I ordered 2 of these to match the duvet cover I bought from Amazon last year. I was very happy that although there was a 
Excellent Machine arrived in time for Christmas!. Machine is in excellent shape; works like a dream. Only available one at the time! Did arrive two days before Christmas, but still 
Works Great. Works as advertised. I cant fold for the life of me but now my drawers are neat. I love it.  
Awesome!. This is the nicest pie dish I ve ever seen. I dont even make pies but I got it to use for serving or to make casseroles or even 
Emile Henry dinnerware. Emile Henry dinnerware is high quality, very solid and versatile. It sets a beautiful table. This dinnerware is perfect for everyday and blends well with other casual 
Best bang for your buck. I love it simple, easy, very usefu  
Great Match. Even when I bought the Fiestawere Cinnabar creamer I loved it right away, but to order the Cinnabar Covered Suger Bowl from a nother seller and have them 
Great Little Toaster Oven. This is our third SK-7 toaster oven. We use ours daily. They seem to have a useful life of around 10 years and then the elements 
great!. easy to use, only a minor flaw, that is the wheels squeak when you pull it  
Works as Advertised. Not sure how much you can say about these cords. They appear sturdy and well made. I have used for about 4 months with no issues. Like 
Lightweight and Great. This medium sized vaccuum is perfect for my mother. She has arthritis and has a hard time moving things around. It is smaller than most vaccuums, has 
Great deal!. The cartridges arrived on time and in perfect condition. This is a great deal  
What a machine!. This toaster is all and more than described. We make our own whole grain breads and it was always a problem to get the dense breads browned 
Works very well. I have had this item for 3 months now. We run it continually in the bedroom and since purchasing it, I no longer wake up with a 
A for service. Very good customer service from the manufacturer, Plaston. I had a slightly older version of this humidifier that stopped working after about a year. When I called 
clean classy design. I ve owned this flatware in this pattern for three years. I paid top dollar for each place setting, so this price is exceptional. The picture of 
AWESOME EXCERSIZER!. Our Blue Heeler loves this toy! She herds it around our yard until she can t walk another step and collapses on it. This is a great toy. 
Indoor BBQ pit makes succulent BBQ a year-round reality!. I got the Rival CrockPot BBQ Pit for my birthday in mid-December and I ve used it several times since then, 
MADE IN CHINA FOR ALLCLAD!!!. IT,S THE ONLY DISSAPOINTMENT I HAVE. THOU THEY ARE EVERYTHING THE OTHER CUSTOMERS HAVE SAID AND THEN SOME!!!! THE 7 QUART IS NEXT!!!! OVERALL BEING 
OXO Nylon Fork. I had been looking for plastic fork for quite some time. They used to come as part of a set for teflon coated pots pans. I finally 
12 Loofa Dog Toy. This is one of the toys that we gave our toy poodle for Christmas.He really liked it. It was his favorite for the first few days. 
Rubbermaid Gift Wrap Holder. Great idea. Holds 9 rolls of 24 - 30 rolls of gift wrap. However, no go for the popular 36 rolls. The little bow compartment on 
Meat Grinder. After several tries and telephone calls to my brother; I finally have the blade in the correct position I had problems with the directions in the book . 
The best value in wine glasses today. Riedel is the gold standard of wine glasses but these glasses nearly no not quite but nearly measure up to them at a 
Truly Non Stick. While pricey, this is absolutely the best product I have found for cooking. Not only is it truly non stick - no need for sprays, etc - 
twenty-five years of hard use. Twenty-five years of hard use, and eight children later, my Lecrueset cookware is still in excellent condition. Now, I am adding some of those special 
Excellent product. My husband is a professional chef and he specifically asked for this as a Christmas gift after he had seen a demo.He is delighted with the assortment of 
Sharp Solid Stainless Style. Another beautiful knife from this series.Wonderful balance, solid forge, well built, great edge, stylish, and practical. Fits nicely in the hand, great contour. The hilt labels 
A Toaster that Toasts!. Ok, so it s got it s cheesy factors... the paint rubs off and it looks a little shoty BUT it toasts perfectly! I haven t 
I Love This Thing. This was my first and is still my favorite Le Creuset piece. It heats evenly, cleans up easily. It s great for small roasts make your 
Rival Review. Nicely built. Unlike the original makers in that ice is not completely surrounding the inner metal container. The recipes that come with book seem to take much longer 
Great Popper. This is a fantastic Popper. The only reason I will not give it 5 stars is for its aluminum caseing. it is however, the best popcorn i have 
Small decanter -- definitely not designed for full bottles. This is a lovely decanter -- but it was never meant for serving a full bottle. I use it to serve 
Nice Basic Mug. I like the size and style of these mugs, they go with anything and look like they ll last a long time.  
Great spatula. I bought this in Dec. 2002 and have been using it regularly since. It is my favorite rubber spatula. The material is flexible and stiff enough to work 
Absolutely Delicious. Wow, I chose this one because the appearance is quite beautiful, & I had seen this style on a cooking show 2 months ago & immediately the crush 
Good Quality Item. I recently purchased the Santa Fe Corner T.V. Stand. Cost wise it is excellent value. The instructions for assembly were clear and concise and it only took 
Great kettle!. Boils water very fast About 2-3 minutes! Looks nice on the counter too!My wife absolutly loves it!!!  
Never Tasted Better Coffee In My Life. I was skeptical after reading the reviews on this Grind and Brew. But, not only is it beautiful looking it is easy to 
Blender. Bought this for my daughter. Such a pretty, refreshing color. Kitchenaid is a wonderful product. I myself have almost every countertop appliance they offer, plus cookware  
Excellent value for the money. I use this juicer for juicing leafy greens and wheatgrass, and it performs outstandingly well. Assembly, cleaning, etc., are straightforward and quick. The product is 
The best tasting coffee you can find. I have been a big fan of the Bodum Chambord coffee press since 1985. I was first turned on to this simple device 
Air Pot an excellent product. It s rare to find a product that combines function and appearance so nicely. The Air Pot keeps our coffee drinking hot for hours -- 
Beautiful!. Great shower curtain. This item was of much higher quality than I expected. After going all around town to every store, I was pleasantly surprised when I found the 
Oneida Butler 65 piece flatware set for 12. Upon receit of the flatware we threw all our other flatware out as this set is well balanced, sturdy, and feels like 
Great pot for the price. I was a little hesitant to buy this pot, because it was sold at a substantial markdown, but I am so glad I went ahead. 
THE ULTIMATE FOR HOME ESPRESSO NEEDS. As an owner of a Mazzer Super Jolly a step up from the Mini the following review is offered on the Mini Mazzer, which 
T-Fal FR7008002 Ultimate EZ Clean Stainless Steel Pro Fryer. Overall this is a great fryer. The one issue I have is that the filtering system will clog if you use 
BUY IT. THIS PRODUCT IS WONDERFUL! I LOVE IT! THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A DISH WASHER... JUST USE THIS WONDERFUL DISH DRIER! IT S GRRRRRRRREEEEEAAAAAAAAAAATTTTTTTTTT  
Great deal. I go through about a gallon of water a day, and have been buying bottles and gallon jugs of Ozarka Nestle Waters for years. Around this time of 
Pretty nice. I m pretty pleased with this cutting board so far. It does show cut marks, as other reviews point out, but at least with me , they re 
Super Service. This is the 2nd time that I ve done business with EntirelyPets and again I was very pleased. Both times I received my product very quickly. I will 
What was I thinking when I bought this product. Thats what I was thinking after I ordered this dehydrator. What do I need a dehydrator for. There are too many 
Great skillet. We replaced our last two skillets because the non-stick surface scratched off rather quickly. I checked the reviews and gave this one a try. We are very happy 
Excellent Cookware from Analon. I first discovered Analon Titanium restaurant tested fry pans in Macy s. They only had an 8 inch model, which I purchased as it is perfect 
So far, so good. I just received my Magic Bullet the other day and am quite pleased so far. I am a protein shake drinker and was having to mix 
Accidentally fixed my neck!. I had back and neck problems for years following an accident in my MG. I just learned to live with it, doing stretches, going to the 
Corelle Lifestyles 20-Pc set, Pewter. This is their best pattern yet! However, unlike the photo, the color is a purple-gray instead of a true gray. This does not detract from 
Very good product at a great price. Very good product at a great price. Just need a bigger pizza stone now..  
Love this thing!!!. I have always tried to do this fold but it never turned out even. I told my husband this was a special fold I called the love 
Measuring in fractions . To the reviewer WorkerB , who stated, We bought the scale for starting Weight watchers but it does not do weights in fractions i.e. 1 4 
Nice kids pillow. My son loves it very nice. It is a nice gift for ages below 5. It got a good shape, nice grip to hold  
German Shepherd puppy pen. Just put it together, and it contains a German Shepherd puppy effectively in the breakfast nook, adjacent to the kitchen, when cooking or otherwise unable to 
Indeed the Best Humidifier on Market. I went to a local Bed Bath and Beyond to find silent or near silent humidifier. Salesman introduced this Air-O-Swiss as the best machine 
THESE ARE GREAT SHEETS. I HAVE THESE ON MY BED RIGHT NOW-THEY ARE WONDERFUL. I AM NOT QUITE SURE WHAT THE COMPLAINTS ARE ABOUT. I GOT THESE IN A GOLD 
I love this bowl!. I love this serving bowl. I used it to store my various fruit when I was single. Now, spending my first holiday with my new husband, 
Solid, quiet, versatile fan. Living in a Brooklyn apartment with few windows, sometimes it gets warm and stuffy in the winter. A fan s a good choice to move the 
Radiator. These oil-filled radiator is sweet. It is small and programmable. It is saving us electricity from our old one and doing a good job. I like that it makes 
Little Red Sewing Machine. I purchased this as a gift for my 12 year old for her birthday, she is a great fan of the TV design shows and wanted 
A Good Deal For The Money. The bookcases arrived in a timely manner in good condition. They are well built considering that they re folding furniture. I like the appearance 
Good Buy for the Money. Generally, you get what you pay for, and...this bookcase is a good buy. It assembled very easily took me all of 5 minutes with just 
Try the rest, then buy the best:. The Vita-Mix is my favorite after years of trying cheap, flimsy blenders.This Made-In-USA product makes us proud. So many restaurants and bars use 
just a filter. How do you really rate a filter. Let s see, I put it in the refrigerator and it fit.  
Quality sheets. I love these sheets and have purchased them for several family members and friends as gifts. Everyone I have given them to wants to know where they can 
As ingenious as the Aerobie. After a little experimentation with water and coffee measurement and grind, this clever machine delivered rich, intense espresso with minimal effort including cleanup . Pace 
Quite pleased - I m a Coffee Press Convert. I ve been quite pleased with the Capresso 455 Coffeeteam coffee maker. The Burr Grinder does it s job perfectly. The 
Excellent Machine. Bought this to use with my rancilio. It seems to have made a huge difference. I thought there was something wrong with the espresso maker as my espresso 
MUY BUENO. Lo recomiendo ampliamente, le da un sabor a la carne muy bueno, se conserva por ms tiempo  
THE best blanket EVER!. I have never before owned a blanket so very beautiful and soft. I was in heaven from the moment I pulled the blanket from the box, 
Ahhhhhh, Dyson. Let s just say I will never own another Hoover, Dirt Devil or any of that garbage again!!!! I love this vacuum so much I bought another one 
Presto Dual Daddy Review. I gave this item to my daughter as a Chrstmas gift. I don t think she has used it yet, so I can t actually give 
~~~L O V E I T!!!!~~~~. I am a kitchen nut!...love to cook and bake and my kithen is filled with Kitchenaid appliances!..the only regret I have is that I 
43 years and still cooking. I was looking at the copper clad Revere because I wanted to replace my aged 10 inch fry pan. Sadly, I could not find a 
Great looking sofa transformer !!. We are using 2 Love seat throws for an old L-shaped sectional sofa. It really transformed the green plaid sofa into a nice burgundy color. 
Strong, Quick and Easy To Clean....AND a Bargain! :- . I m absolutely thilled with this Waring! It s definitely changed my opinion of juicers. I purchased the reconditioned model. 
Funtional and Good Looking. This Le Crueset is so pretty in kiwi and it s a great pot. It has the Le Crueset looks without the heaviness. Be sure not 
THE perfect gift!. This is a perfect gift for people who alrerady have everything. Who wouldn t want a perfect set of scissors. The flower cutters alone are a treasure. 
The Lodge Brand Splatter Screen Rocks. When I remember to use it, this splatter screen makes light work of cleaning off the stove. It is great. The screen is very 
Versatility Plus!. I ve owned many sets of dishes in my time as my husband will attest! . Some I purchased because they had a lovely pattern, some because they 
This filter works as well as anything on the market. I have owned this filter for five years and it has worked well. It cracked yesterday and I am going 
Exactly as anticipated. Really liked the quality of this item. Now I d like to get some boullion spoons to match  
Almost the Greatest!. I have NEVER had a blender that could make a great smoothie. Always chunks of frozen fruit, blocks of ice, but if I leave this easy to 
these are nice but . These are nice but they cant go inthe microwave, or dishwasher !! thats a big bummer. but good for dishes if u have to take 
Mission Folding Bookcase. This bookcase was fast and easy to set up, and it fits perfectly in the small space I have for it. The one thing I would change 
Smart Design Does the Trick Every Time. If you enjoy wine and or serve it for guests, then the Vacu Vin crystal wine servers are an essential accessory. No need 
Why would someone not have one. Has been operating as promised since purchased over year ago and makes the water changing a bit more infrequent. A must have  
How did we ever live without this?. We have bought several coffee makers over the past few years seeking the elusive cup of coffee house quality coffee. At long last, 
BRILLIANT kitchen tool!!!. Incredibly great kitchen tool, flexible blade THAT WILL NOT MELT!!! Infinitely useful, scraping a batter bowl to flipping tender fish -- it s another brilliant innovative product 
Hunter Air Purifier with Ionizer. This purifier has worked out very well. Our First Purifier we sent back due to shipping damages. The one that was sent to replace the 
1st impression is very good. gave these as a present, along with a set of 1000 tc sheets.they liked these, the 600 tc better. they say; fabic feels very good, 
Perfect Travel Companion. My husband travels to UK frequently and it s hard to find a good cup of coffee there. We ve looked everywhere for a portable coffee press 
Best fit for my husband. My husband loves cereal for breakfast, and I bought it so he doesn t have to go to the pantry every morning to get a 
Pie Shield. Very useful item! Have you ever forgotten to wrap your pie s crust in tin foil after the first 15 minutes of baking? Now I never have burned 
Great peeler!. I love this peeler! As with all the Kitchenaid products I have purchased thus far, it is sturdy and well made. It has a nice, weighty feel in 
more than meets the eye. This pillow looks simple enough, but there must have been a lot of research put into inventing it! The DogBone medium size, about 16 w--i 
Best Cat Toy You ll EVER Buy!. Of all the cat toys I have purchased over the years -- and there have been many -- this is the one toy 
Petmate Litter Locker. This is a wonderful product, I have 3 cats & litter disposal was not very pleasant, however with this litter locker, the odor is absolutely non-existant. Having 
Great for teens. We got 3 of them and gave them to my teenage daughters friends, and they loved them. Super gift for a teen girl  
Fiesta Ware. I just started buying Fiesta Ware and Amazon has been the best source. I love the combination of persimmon and cinnabar and have acquired quite a bit of 
Immediate Response. The service was excellent and the B B plates were received immediately--even faster than promised  
delongi toastor. It s wonderfull. toast bread evenly. Nice size and looks great on ones counter  
Perfect Tear Chrome Paper Towel Hold. This an excellent product best design I have seen for this product. Also don t believe it; you can mount it either on the 
Great Cooking Gear. My wife and I first purchased Calphalon Contemporary Nostick cooking gear about a year ago. We both love them. Not only do they cook evenly and quickly, 
Good to the last drop... Really easy to assemble and use. Just add ice cubes and turn the lid. The ice is very finely shaved. Supervise younger childrens use as 
Function and Design!. I bought this six months ago, our older classic Gaggia had finally bit the dust. I researched it and found a good deal, now I use it 
Best label going for various size bottles. Due to the slits around the opening, this label will fit a wide variety of neck sizes including Burgundy and those odd Rosemount 
A MUST HAVE!!. If you are buying the dehydrator, your best second purchase are these trays! Add more food for thought! We have had 3 apples and 3 bananas successfully 
Well Worth the Price. I paid the same price for what I thought was the same metal chair I had purchased several years ago. However, much to my surprise when 
quite the upgrade. I m sure there are cutlery snobs out there who would turn up their nose at anything that you can find in the local Bedding Bathing & 
Great buy for a great price. Don t let the light weight of the rack fool you. This thing holds a ton. Rack went together in less than 15 minutes, 
Forget the recipe book. Spent over 80 bucks for the lovely lasagna pan. Yes, it s heavy, but it s a wonderful pan. I found it VERY irritating that the 
Beautiful addition to your kitchen. This piece from Le Creuset is pretty enough to leave out on top of your stove. I use mine constantly, from soup to rice to 
Came free with my cooktop. I only tried the product because it came free with my frigidare. But after using it, I absolutely love it. I have never had trouble 
Get It!. Bought this Mixer last year & use it all the time to make frostings and cakes for my side business. Works really well for cakes & frostings. Friday 
WONDERFUL ITEM. I purchased the steamer because I love veggies and wanted to eat healthy.I had a old steamer but was excited about the 3 compartments of this one.when it 
Excellent useful appliance. We love our new Kitchen Aid 12 cup food processor! Its very well constructed. This is my second Kitchen Aid food processor - we replaced it with 
Pick your bread, we d love to toast you!. My gracious, this toaster can handle seemingly ANY bread product. Love the retro machinery look. The handles on front allow you 
very happy. I m a college student who loves a cup of tea in the morning. Instead of wasting my meal plan on the nasty stuff on campus, I can 
Knife holder review. This knife holder is very good quality and fit exactly as intended. I looked into others and this one was less expensive, more compact and is nice 
I am impressed. I have been looking to purchase new cookware for years. I knew I wanted something that would last. When I ordered this set, I didn t know 
Dyson vacuum cleaner. This vacuum has excellent suction and is very user friendly. It is made well, and designed well. If you like the tools on board, the DC17 Animal 
Pretty but practical. I received this pretty honey pot that was packaged great with no breaks occuring in the mailing process which I was concerned about due to the delicate 
Great purchase. I have been looking for a pressure cooker for quite awhile and after doing alot of comparisons, this is the set that I decided on. Since receiving it 
Beautiful mugs. I love these mugs. They are pretty and a really nice size for coffee or tea. The price was just right for my wallet. Good deal  
Krups Burr Grinder a good buy. We researched many different burr grinders in the process of replacing a Melita MEBG8B one we had for about a year. When that one 
Loosened easily, but still a good collar. I have two large male cats. I ve had problems with the collars with the safely clasps because the cats figured out how 
His Favorite New Toy. Beautiful , functional, and easy to use. Makes about 6 drinks per cartridge. We now make homemade sodas with fresh squeezed juice- less sugar, more flavor! 
10-ounce mug. We have had a set of eight of these in Sea Mist and have used them for morning coffee for several years. They will sit on Fiestaware saucers 
frying pan. you would never know it was reconditioned, it is probably even better than new, plus being dishwasher friendly makes even easier to use..  
Cat Safety Collar Review. The product is great and my cat is already using his 2nd collar!Though, I have to remove the front metal circle that comes attached to the 
Works Just Fine. Fit well on bed. Minimal slip on bed. Sturdy construction. Fabric of good grade.  
name brand latex pillow for a great price. I have purchased this pillow to go with my Nature s rest latex mattress. The cheapest latex pillow came for 59 new. 
tarheel57. Great product. Great price. We replaced all of our everyday flatware. Easy to hold.  
Great product!. This products actually works. The Handystitch, which is popular, is made poorly and doesn t even start. The Mini Rex has features similar to normal sized machines and 
You ll find reasons to use this mixer!. When I first got my KitchenAid, I found myself making so many things from scratch mashed potatoes, bread, pie crusts and cakes, 
Sango Nova Brown Round Platter. Easy to handleAdds that touch of style to your table  
Great Product!. I bought the table to put my stereo on, so I was a little nervous when reading other reviews that said the table was not very stable. I 
Can t get a better deal ANYWHERE else. The 16-piece set is cheaper on Amazon then anywhere else I have seen, new. Much to my suprise, when I ordered the 
Great Value. This is a well-made, mid-sized pot rack. The half-round shape is very adaptable. Compares favorably with racks sold by Williams Sonoma for more than 150.00. One of our 
Window fans. These are the best window fans short of an air conditioner. They come on when the weather is hot and shut off when the weather cools down. What 
High-end quality for a low price!. I had been eyeing this lamp for several months before I decided to buy it for my living room. It is perfect! Super easy 
My cats love them!. Originally, one of my cats stole a similar type of mouse from my friend s cat when they were staying with us, but he lost that 
well made. safety switch on product inconvient for left handed person!product is easy to clean and performs wonderfully after a year  
Body Pillow Cover. The body pillow was about as soft as you would expect for only 200 thread count, but after washing it, it has become much softer. It arrived 
Microsuede Down Feather King Comforter Set, Chocolate. I was one of the lucky ones to get this king size comforter. It appears to be a little on the thin side, 
Happy camper. Delivery prompt. Heater working better than expected. Very quit, No noise.As a Senior Citizen, in a 1,000 sq. ft apartment, I like it a lot.Ric  
Cool and Comfortable even with MacBook Pro. I use a macbook pro and it gets so hot it s mind boggling. I have both an X-pad and a lapinator. I 
I love these!. if you like bacon and eggs, especially together on an english muffin, this is the thing to get. The egg rings are easy to use, and the 
knife sharpener. Easy to use and sharpens well. Serrated sharpener does not work as well on never needs sharpening knives, but these tend to rip and not cut anyway  
Small, Practical and easy to use!. Small, Practical and easy to use! I Love it  
Just how you want your hair to look!!!. Ever since my curlers arrived I have been obsessed. I love the curls I get from the larger size. Just roll your 
What did they expect. This is a light duty timer which is why it does not have 3 prongs. It does what it says it does  
best. I have this and use it probably three times week. maybe more. stovetop to oven and clean up is easy. i would say this is such a versatile pot 
Floating on a cloud. I ve always been fussy about pillows. Since childhood I ve struggled to find ones that I could just lie on and not be uncomfortably aware 
Great for display. I wanted this teapot because it matched my purple kitchen. I don t use it for tea because of it s heaviness and the fact that it 
Excellent item. Great cookie cooling rack. Love the big size. It easily accommodates my whole tray full of chocolate cookies. Easy to clean too  
Affordable, well built shelf. We were looking for slim shelves to go on either side of our TV for DVD storage. We checked some of the local furniture stores, but 
FLUFFY AND BRIGHT. The minute I got these towels I loved them. They were very bright. They were not that fluffy but that was of little concern to me becuase 
A Superb product. Bravo to anolon for this 8-quart past pot with lid. It is one of the best purchases that I have ever mad  
A Wonderful Blender - It would make Tim the toolman proud!!. This blender is so powerful and I am sure it will last a long time. It takes up some 
Lovely small glasses ... I love stemless glassware and I love small they just need to be filled more often -- so the contents stay cooler . These glasses are 
The right item for a real cut-up. After three disappointing experiences with other brands I finally am a very happy cut-up. This is an excellent item and I do think 
Great mattress topper. This is a great mattress, with some memory to it. After reading other reviews, I considered getting a larger mattress for my full size bed. I decided 
My Cats Love These Collars. I have a persian that is prone to getting matts in his fur, and a smart and feisty siamese who has not tolerated any other 
changed the face of breakfast. i never thought i could get my on the go teenage kids to stop for breakfast untill my wife bought this waffle maker- the waffles 
Excellent espresso machine. I ve had a Gaggia Classic in my office for quite some time. It pulls excellent espresso shots, but the steam wand is cheap-looking, ineffective, and cumbersome 
Good Cookeware. Bought this item for my daughter and she loves it. Threw away her old stuff because of this. Says in makes cooking enjoyable  
Divatex Standare Sham-Sunlight. I received the shams, and was suprised with the colour. These are almost a mustard yellow, not what I would call sunlight. The picture shown reflects a 
10-ounce mug. We have had a set of eight of these in Sea Mist and have used them for morning coffee for several years. They will sit on Fiestaware saucers 
Great steam cleaner. I bought and used this steam cleaner for the first time today and am very pleased with it. It does a great job of cleaning the rugs 
Mikasa Articus stainless steel is beautiful!. I fell in love with this pattern when visiting a Mikasa factory store, but I felt that the factory store price was way too 
The only thing you can hurt are the handles. I am not a person who normally gets excited about spatulas but these are amazing. They are flexible enough to get 
Won t rip your roast. The scalloped edge of this knife makes all the difference in the world. After you successfully roast that aromatic stuffed beef tenderloin or prime rib 
Beautiful Colors. Whether you choose to gather a rainbow of Fiestaware objects or stick to one color scheme, they all deserve to be on display. These plates are an ideal 
Not just for jewelry. I purchased the Haier HU335W Ultrasonic Cleaner for cleaning small paint sprayer tips and parts on and off the job. Using a product like KrudKutter or 
Great size and fast. I bought this Espresso coffee maker to use with warm milk. It is great if you like to make lattes. Or just plain expressos. It brews 
Great buy for the price!!!!. I ve got a family of 5, and all three of my kids, as well as my husband and I, LOVED the sandwiches I just 
better popcorn. I m not a popcorn professional, but I do eat a lot of it. I think, though not 100 positive, that these concentrators do make more popcorn. Not 
Awesome! Strong and Attractive!. I really love the sturdiness and look of this hamper. Super easy to put together, and the bags are really well made. Very pleased with my 
wine rack. It is a great, sturdy wine rack, but was not terribly easy to put together the first time  
A great mixer!!!. This mixer is powerful, easy to use and EASY TO CLEAN!!! I have never made bread dough and cookies with such ease  
Just like a bird. My kitty goes bananas for this toy. It is her favorite. It looks like a real bird. Its like having a bird in the house without 
Attractive and dependable. I have no complaints at all about this scale. Its size is perfect-- just right to fit on the corner of my counter. It is easy to 
No drips. These servers really work. We are buying them for all our houses and our friend  
glider ottoman combo. I was so excited about the glider and ottoman combo that I bought for my neice who is pregnant with her first baby that I forgot to 
It s a neat toy for those who love baking. I love baking gizmos, and of course pizelles! I was happy to find that I can make smaller pizelles 3 
Fiestaware. This was the first item that I purchased on Amazon. Item was received in excellent condition, and in a very timely manner. Very pleased  
Another great knife!. As with the others in Emeril s knife collection, this is wicked sharp and fits my hand perfectly. Might be my favorite of the three paring knives 
Cheerful Addition to the Table. I added fine sea salt to my shaker and found that the salt sprinkled freely  
Tote Bag. Can t camp without it! Perfect for carrying my dutch ovens easily to the campsite. Sturdy construction and protects my cast iron from rust  
salad shooter. This is the 2nd one I ve had. The first lasted about 18 years. Hopefully the second will last that long also. Use it daily for all garden 
Le Creuset, Le WOW!. This little dish is perfection. I m rather hard on my bakeware so I was a little leery of buying something like Le Creuset if I 
I Loved it... As someone who never took the time or effort before to make salad dressing, this device makes it a breeze. And the dressing is so good. The 
Love it!. Living on a ranch, I get a lot of junk tracked into the house. This handy broom vac lets you do a quick clean up and be done. 
Pretty nice. I ve had this set for about 6 months. These pans are very good for the money. The nostick surface works amazingly well, you hardly need any oil 
Simply the best kitchen knife I have ever owned. We have Sabatier and Wusthof sets but this is the first knife that every one of the family goes for first.Perfect 
Orbi does it better!. The unique design of this can opener makes it comfortable to use. And it does indeed leave no sharp edges on either can or lid -- 
Good Aquarium Heater. I purchased a 25 watt Visi-Therm aquarium heater this week for my 5.5 gallon freshwater tropical aquarium...so far so good. The temperature has maintained where I set 
Swiss Diamond Cast-Aluminum Nonstick 1-2 5-Quart Saucepan with Lid. Casr-Aluminum Nonstick 1-2 5 Quartgrate conditionThank you very muchValeriy Schuki  
Twin Duvet. Wonderful duvet. Very soft; feels like much higher than 200 thread count. I am extremely pleased with this item and would buy it again.  
Absolute satisfaction!. These are pretty, excellent quality, soft, and so cosy you want to curl right up with your kids! And 10?? It is too good to be true, and 
Pleasant Surprise. I have an arthritic neck and painful shoulder on my sleeping side and have struggled for years trying to sleep - waking with numb arm and neck pain, 
Great Wine Saver product. Need the Swissmar wine pump to go with these wine stoppers. Have tried other wine stopper vac sets and this is my favorite one.  
Love the sheets. The sheets are just what I was looking for. The delivery time was good. Am very happy with my purchase  
Another great WMF product!. This far exceeds any similar bowl. So what if the other reviewer has to flip this thing 3 times to get his her heep of sugar. 
So far - GREAT!. While renting a place in So. California for the winter the Waring RB75 blender here died after 5 weeks of use. It was new when we 
Couldn t have worked better. I didn t know which maker I wanted, it was hard making up my mind. I finally chose this one and boy did I make 
Great for High Heat Roasting. I used the new pan today to high heat roast a 4 pound rib roast at 500 degrees. The oven and pan were a mess, 
Excellent Product. Really great in every way. battery option works fine. I ve had at least 8 hours use and they are still going  
Doc Airstream. I purchased this microwave as it was small and because it doubled as a toaster. We are using it in our small Airstream trailer where real estate is 
Perfect Washcloths. I ve have looked for a very long time for this lighter quality and easy to wring out washcloths. They are also a nice large size. So many 
Your cat will FLY. My cat loves this toy. It moves like a bird flying, and she jumps 3 feet in the air trying to catch it. It s easy 
Much more beautiful than picture depicts!. I searched everywhere for a pale gray shower curtain for my newly renovated bathroom. Couldn t find anything I liked anywhere. I ordered this 
Great Product!!!. I hesitated to purchase this peppermill after reading some previous posts, but I can honestly say it was one of the best purchases I have made! In fact, 
Calphalon Nonstick 12 inch Skillet. Since receiving my skillet I have used it approximately every other day. It is easy to use. Heats uniformly. Is extremely easy to clean. Weight 
Very versatile. These are wonderful cabinets. I have 5 now between the basement and garage. One for paint supplies, one for art supplies, one for gardening, one for my outside 
Great overall juicer and it came with a DVD with instructions too!!. I have had this juicer for over 1 year. It does wheatgrass,greens, and fruits and vegetables. Instead of 
Beautiful Vase!. I am very pleased with this vase. It s a perfect mid-range size and the color is vibrant. I do agree that the price is still a bit 
Works great as a diaper bin too. I have this in white - the retail price on that is 18.99, which is cheaper than this one. I m using it 
Great non-stick, but avoid using metallic spatulas. Was looking for a good non-stick pan and read many raving reviews about swiss diamond...so finally, took the plunge and ordered 11 pan 
My cats are big fans. I received the fountain 3 weeks ago and cats are already big fans. They stopped jumping up to the sink and begging for water from 
Very stylish. I have some Fiesta Wear in another color and am always very happy to mix and match. This teapot is great for when people come over and I 
Awesome!. I am very happy with mine. My fondue came out perfect! Very easy to clean. I love the adjustable heat & temperature setting. I bought two  
What s the catch?. When I first searched Amazon for home espresso makers, I braced myself for a list of monstrous machines requiring a bank loan to afford. I certainly 
Just what I have been looking for!!!. I have had the more well-known travel mugs, and thought that they were the best. Well, I was wrong. This travel mug is 
excellent cookware. This is very durable cookware, even keel cooking, the non stick surface is wonderful! very pleased with this product  
Beautiful stand for cupcakes. I was looking for a tiered cake stand to display cupcakes for a wedding shower, and couldn t find one that was priced right and had 
Functional and Nice Looking. You can t go wrong with Le Creuset bakeware, and there s so many uses for these colorful little gems. I use them to hold a 
Cool. This is a excellent product.. as described very easy to incert and position... haven t checked the weight capability.. not disappointed  
Goodnews, bad news. Recieved the cooker VERY promptly, LOVED it, but it quit working after 1 week. This was definitely not the sellers fault and I was refunded the cost 
Norpro Nonstick Mini Donut Pan. I love the easy of making non-fat donuts for my son and the family.  
Le Cruset Stoneware 2 Quart Pitcher. Wonderful product! Great gift with many uses. I have given them for wedding gifts, birthday presents and just bought them for family and friends. 
love it and the price. I bought this for my husband and ended up giving him the old comforter to use and i took this one. its light keeps you 
Perfect fit. Let me first say that I am not a vinyl type of girl. We ordered this tablecloth because I felt like our beautiful dining table was getting dull 
Well Made. Extremely efficient and very strong. It actually can be used for a variety of items in the closet, basement and even the garage. Nice roomy pockets  
Santa Fe Dinnerware. I just love these Santa Fe Bowls, the colors are so brilliant and go so well with my Fiestaware. At a later date, I will purchase more 
coffee keeper. This is the greatest coffee carafe. we have had much more expensive ones that do not work this well. the coffee stays warm all day.Lis  
Consistently good grind, but takes experience to dose. I ve had this grinder for over two decades and it has performed well. When I first got my machine, I wondered 
Way to go. This clothes drying rack is a very good deal. Sturdy, roomy and economical. I paid 3 times as much for one at a local hardware store, and 
Wonderful Plate!. I love this plate!! I am actually waitng for the other 10 that I recently ordered. My husband loves them becasue they are heavy duty and have a 
Factory-Reconditioned KitchenAid Pro Line Burr Coffee Grinder, Empire Red. I am very pleases with the quality and performance of this burr grinder. It works as advertised  
A great cookbook for bundt fans. I really like this cookbook. Many of the recipes are based on a cake mix, which you add additional items to. There are almost-no 
Perfect kitchen scissors. I hide these in a kitchen drawer so they don t disappear to other rooms because they re just perfect for the kitchen. They re lightweight but 
Computing in Comfort!. For many reasons, the only way I can use my laptop is........on my lap. Think HOT, HOT, HOT after several hours. Being in the boondocks, I had 
The name speaks for itself !!. The Smell Killer absolutely is a smell killer. I bought two for my apartment to try to get rid of smoking odors. Absolutely fantastic. 
Review for West Bend Slow Cooker. After doing some research online, I decided to purchase this model based on favorable reviews. My roasts have turned out beautifully after cooking all 
Bissell Perfect Sweep. I just got the perfect sweep after reading the reviews and here s my opinion on the product. The perfect sweep works great on hardwood floors and 
great results but item is very heavy when filled with dirt , water. This item has far exceeded my expectations in terms of plant growth and vegetables produced on the 
The Bubbler Works. After doing tons of research on many different models, I bought the Bubbler. Many of the other product reviews talked about difficulty of cleaning and the necessity 
Thomas comforter -brand new-great. It was brand new in packaging, looks great, and it a thick comforter. My son loves it. It is actually the second one we have bought. 
Useful little bowls. I have several of these bowls and use them frequently. They are the perfect size for snacks. I also use them frequently for food prep tasks when 
Unbelievable!!! So much fun!!. I bought this game after reading all the reviews on Amazon and I was not disappointed!! My family and I played with this toy non-stop in 
Not a TOY, but a beautiful gift none-the-less. These lights are just awesome. Our daughters each have a set up in their room and they are absolutely in love with 
Great for cool treats. Bought this from a warehouse club a few years ago, came with an extra bowl. An extra bowl is a nice feature as we have a 
Winner!. Great pan for making gravy and sauces. How did I do without it all these years? The cleanup is a breeze  
Excellent Carving Knife. As a longtime knife collector, I ve amassed a large assortment of knives, including over 40 from the Wsthof-Trident Classic line. I own a few carving sets 
YES the perfect bowl. This is perfect because it puts out just enough wanter through a small hole to fill the bowl properly with clean fresh water. It also has 
Good product. Kudos to Amazon for helping me purchase items I cannot find in local stores. This is what I was looking for! Big enough for a full pot of 
Great Dog Toy. My Australian Shepard loves to play soccer with balls, but he went through a basketball every couple of days. This ball was great for him as he 
I LOVE IT!. This is the first and only spoonrest I use all the time - because unlike the flat ones on the counter, it actually accomodates multiple spatulas spoons 
highly recommended. I bought this for my son recently. I love it! It s so soft and comfortable, and the price is fantastic. The color is great; I match it 
beautiful, but small. This is another gorgeous piece by fiesta. It is lovely and functional. My only issue is that the dimensions state it is 12 tall, when it is 
Cognac Snifter. I purchased these glasses for a special occasion. They are a great glass for celebrating. Like other Reidel glasses, they are light and enjoyable to drink out of. 
Never Fails!. This is the only can opener I would ever buy. It never fails to work properly and I find it is easy to clean. it s a wonderfu, 
Good bank for the buck!. This non-stick skillet was top rated by Cooks Illustrated Magazine and I concur with their opinion.A great pan for the money, even if you have 
Love These Sheets!!!. These are by far the softest sheets I have ever slept on. Have washed them several times and they do not ball up like some do. I 
Not a Scratch. Ordered for girlfriend, the mixer came without any sign of use at all. Included the three mixer attachments, which appeared brand new, and book. Before you use 
Soft, deep pocketed sheets. These sheets are a poly cotton blend, but with a high thread count and are very soft. The pockets are super deep the packaging says they 
Pillowcases. First of all the price was wonderful I was not expecting to purchase them for such a great price. They sleep very well and they are lovley against my 
Exceptional Product! Easy, No-Fuss Use!. This product is elegant and refined, and the automatic shut off feature ensures you wont destroy the heating element. It is simple and intuitive, and 
great vacuum. I really like this vacuum. it has great suction and works well on hard wood and carpet. the only disadvantage is that it can be a little messy 
 29.99 and no ironing. This wasn t my first choice but it is a very user friendly polyester cotton blend.  
Wow@ the Power. I was slightly hesitant to purchase a product I wasnt familar with, but im so pleased that I did..The sucking power on this little vac is amazing!! 
Great mixer!. This is a great mixer-I don t know how I lived without it. Baking is much more fun now.  
best toast. i have never made a better sandwich than one i made when i used this toaster oven to toast my bread .. i must say, being the chef 
Works well. Pretty self explanitory item. Works as described. Would buy again if needed. Makes delicious fruit rolls  
These filters also fit the Hamilton Beach Air Cleaner Model 04152. Although it doesn t mention it, these filters also fit the Hamilton Beach Air Cleaner Model 04152. I had 
Nice pan, but the Lodge Combo cooker is better. This pan is slightly bigger than the Lodge Combo cooker pan. The lid arches up, allowing more volume, but then you 
Large Tumblers. These large tumblers are great for those days when you are very thirsty. The colors are great and make it easy for remembering which drink is yours. The 
AWESOME. LOVE THIS FAN. CIRCULATES AIR VERY WELL. SOOTHING SOUND THAT ROCKS ME TO SLEEP LIKE A BABY! WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT  
Very good quality pressure cooker. I went to various stores to buy a pressure cooker but the one I bought finally from Amazon is the best with very good price 
Hard to clean. This is a VERY heavy-duty egg slicer, which I like, but it is very hard to clean. There are very deep crevices and many nooks and crannies 
Now I know whath I had..... I buy this steamer 3 years ago and let me tell you, blow the dirt like nothing in the toalet in every PLACE you 
Marv Michigan. I love this product. It is so easy to work without having to plug in a cord. It sucks up the dirt effectively and the flip side does 
Calphalon cookware tries harder and costs less!. I have a number of pieces of Calphalon s Tri-Ply line of cookware and I also have some of that BIG NAME BIG 
This unit is very nice and will keep you quite toasty,on a winters night. I purchased this unit as a christmas gift,house warming present,for my uncle in boston...As their heating 
Classy product for inexpensive chic. I love this brand, and have, almost, the complete set. My table always looks beautiful with the gleam of real crystal; and, I have used 
LitterMaid. I only bought this product after reading the reviews from amazon. I am really pleased with the litter box. It makes a little noise, but nothing my family has 
ZAP-TASTIC!!!. Pretty straight forward design and usage. Recommended for training pets to avoid small, specific areas. 1 9-volt battery charges a clear, vinyl mat containing an embedded, running wire. Three 
Much better than Chef s Choice model. Have had this one for about a month - purchased after our cordless Chef s Choice model died after 12 months or so 
Best Pans For The Money. I love these pans. Even heat. Definately non-stick. Easy to flip food.  
Blissful in Buffalo. I am so happy with my new food processor, it s just what my husband & I were looking for. We do so much gardening and have 
Great Product!. Looked every where for this type of salt and pepper shakers and couldnt find them. Great price! Heavy duty  
Great Idea!. This was one of the best buys for the kitchen. I hate brown lettuce, and this makes sure it doesn t turn brown. You can t beat the 
Beautiful, strong machine!. My wife and I diligently searched canister vacuums both in town and on the internet. We finally decided on this one and we couldn t be any 
The product came with different brand name. The one that shipped to me is named pacific coast year round warmth. Not the National Sleep Products Luxury Down Comforter I ordered. 
Lasted until it yellowed. Glad to see they still make this clock. Yea, the parts are simple but I love the way it looks on on my wall. I even 
Step up to the best. If you are in need of a new blender, don t even hesitate with buying this one! I have gone to cooking classes where the 
Great Value. Was looking for a relatively inexpensive set of steak knives, but did not want any with serrated edges that would tear the meat. Bought these on price only, 
Great Storage. It was a lot bigger than I anticipated but it works just like it should  
Convenient and attractive for a busy lifestyle. This size is perfect size for small-individual portions of mac n cheese, lasagna, cup of soup, apple crumble.Great for large families where everyone 
GREAT SO FAR. I JUST BOUGHT THIS 2 WEEKS AGO . IT HAS TO BE WASHED WELL BEFORE USE , BECAUSE IT SMELLS LIKE PLASTIC AND THE FIRST TIME IT 
Island collection is GREAT!. I bought one of these tables first to use as a nightstand in my bedroom. I was so pleased I went back and bought another. It 
Quality Item. This mattress pad is made by a leader in the industry, Croscill. It is not cheap at 40, but you get what you pay for. In particular, I 
Great items - Must have. This is a great item and a must have for any person that likes to open wine bottles with ease.  
simplified coffee making. Having tried to balance a Melitta coffee filter holder on other mugs with various sucess, it is very nice to have a mug that specifically is made 
Large Bag. This bag is very large. I was able to put all my stoking in on  
Cute Little Teapot. Very cute pot that it easily microwavable. The cup is nice and big. Only thing I wish is that the bottom part of the pot was colored 
Happy Chef. My wife and I received this tagine as a wedding gift several years ago, but only recently have I started cooking with it regularly. The food, without exception, 
Excellent!!. I purchased item on Sunday night, came in by Wednesday in excellent condition. I was given plenty of info regarding my purchase, and and more than satisfied!! Thank you 
Bissell 5200 Floor Cleaner. Product arrived on day promised. The cleaner was ordered by my mother, who is no longer physically able to keep her bare floors as clean as 
nice brewer. It brews a nice cup of coffee at just the right temperature. The auto-off is a nice feature, as is the digital timer clock. Perfect for a single 
Braun coffeemaker. This is an excellent coffeemaker. It is the second Braun I ve bought...the first one lasted 9 years. I love the cone shaped filter  
9-inch revere skillet. The item stands true to the brand s reputation - Great! Amazon delivered early and it arrived well packed and cleanly packed. The free freight was definitely 
Better Air. I have been extremely pleased with the Hamilton Beach Air Purifiers. This model is working very well, although I prefer the model with UV light option. Noticeable difference 
Great Vacuum with easy to change filters. The vacuum that takes these replacements is the easiest vacuum to handle for quick jobs. It has a lot of power and the 
Absolutely buy this product!!!!. WOW!!! What a product. This fan is definitely a must for those in an office cubicle setting. Multiple speeds like a volume knob and flexible positioning. 
Fiesta Ware Teapot-Plum. I was pleasantly surprised at how fast the item was found, and then sent to me. It came in the factory sealed box and was well packed. 
Blomus Stainless Steel Pushboy Wastebasket. Great little wastebasket that can sit on top of a table for things like used sugar packets. It is a bit bigger than I had 
nifty. This is such a cool gadget! You just fill the top with water, and it does the rest for you. The water isn t quite superior to bottled water, 
best inexpensive plates around. I adore good china, but have too many young children to use it often. Have graduated out of the plastic plates and cups phase and needed 
Here s Your Sign!. I ADORE this coffee maker! I ve read the reviews, and I ve used one not mine for seven months daily... all with no problems. The 
NO STINK. This is a refill to the ultimate kitty waste removal system. It is similiar to a diaper genie where you just put the waste in there turn it 
Burn your old wooden handle knives. I desperately needed a new knife because my old Chicago Cutlery wooden handle knife became a gross and nasty E. coli distributing piece of 
Worth the Price. My pot worked well, but as others have said after a while it leaks. I found if you run coffee cleaner through it as recommended it will 
My sencha deserves the best. If you re a confirmed tea drinker, then get this type of teapot. It s the best. There are many sizes out there, although I 
Great trash can. After our last simple human trash can broke, I read the reviews on this trash can and decided to give it a try. We received it in 
Ove Blove is a must have. The Ov e Glove is a must have for anyone who does a lot of baking. They fit great and I have very small 
The Ultimate Cutting tool. I ve been a chef for almost 15 years, and a knife is one of the tools I reach out most of the time. During those 
A great no frills coffeemaker. If you are shopping for a no frills coffeemaker that brews good coffee, this Braun Coffeemaker is for you. We have owned it for almost 
A pretty good canister. I love Fiestaware and these canisters go perfectly in my kitchen. I like that they are large enough to get a decent amount of flour and 
LOVE IT!. The fact that you don t have to rotate the trays like some other dehydrators is GREAT! We have made a lot of beef jerky since buying the 
Replacement Carafe. My father-in-law had broken carafe for his Krups coffee maker and have some extensive web searching I found it on Amazon.com. The same carafe can be found in 
Best Rolling Pin Ever--Review from Pastry Cook. I am a professional baker who work with a lots pastry and bread dough daily. I bought this for my personal useage and 
Love it. This thing is great...its big, it s metal and its red! What can you really say about a coffee maker. It works and it looks great in my 
Floor Fan. The fan that I purchased was not quite what I wanted, it is only 16 wide and though it does the job of cooling was disappointed. The width 
5-Piece Canning Kit - NIce. The quality is good, if not the best. The jar lifter, for example, is a little less hefty than what I had before and I 
Wow....what a difference. Wow what a difference! Love this product. I m a single man who never got the hang of regular ironing so I ended up sending most of 
Best deal I ve ever seen. Reading the reviews from other customers made me realize that some people clearly have no idea what they are suppose to be getting when 
It Twists AND Shakes. Great idea, and just what I was looking for--a salt shaker that lets you choose whether it s a fine shake, big shake, pouring for recipes 
Excellent appliance! you NEED this. Even if you don t think you need it, get it. It will change your life.First, 10 cups do not refer to 10 amercian cups, 
Works great, sturdy too. I like this very much. The lid fits airtight and it seems like a durable design  
Awesome! Perfect!. As a tea lover for 30 years, I have to say this electric kettle is the best one in terms of cost-benefit and performance. I ve used this 
Soft, well made!. These sheets are so thick & soft. Very well made... get a good night s sleep every time, not itchy or scratchy!  
Works perfectly!. I got this set recently and have tried the loaf pans with home made bread. The crust browned beutifully all over and the loaves virtually jumped from the 
Excellent Fan for Office. This is my first Vornado purchase. I just found about about this brand from a person in my office. She had a smaller unit, but also 
useful for frothing milk and other random things. As other reviewers have stated, this is a niftly little device, although a bit pricey, i think, at 18, considering that it 
Using it for storage. It is ideal for storage. It is not very attractive, but very useful  
GREAT DEAL. Received the fridge this week and I might add in great condition! No dents! I was hesitant about getting this one after reading all the reviews about how 
Best of the expand-a-drawer organizers. Of the four drawer organizers I ordered, this one is the best quality, best design and I was able to take it out of the 
Good, solid pot. I scanned the internet to make sure I was getting a good price at 32, and am very pleased with the quality of this pot. Sturdy,heavy; does 
Analon Advanced Oval Pasta Pot. At first I was a little worried about this design, but it works great  
Love these pieces. I love these pieces. I plan on using them as decorative items when not being used to entertai  
My Husband, Our Two Cats and I Love It!. Around Christmas 2004. I purchased a Drinkwell Pet Fountain for my cats. As soon as I turned the Drinkwell Pet Fountain 
Great Product and Service. This item was exactly as advertised; and the service during and after the sale was excellent.The table is well made, packaged properly and easy to assemble. 
Great for Mom!. Perfect pan for Moms! I am a mother of 3 and small children who only like frozen chicken nuggets, fish sticks, tater tots and french fries. This 
KitchenAid 16pc. Cutlery set wtih red handles. I bought this knife set with my KitchenAide pan set and I love them both. The knives are very nicely made, and easy 
Keep in mind the price and purpose of this product... Considering the price and results of this product it is a bargain. Yes, it is not for the person who 
MMMMMMM the smell,the taste the BEST!. After using this what I considered a strange looking kitchen item,I am sure pleased that I am opened minded. Being a person that loves 
Perfect for a family or large gathering. I do alot of experimental cooking and have found this dish consistently superior in it s ability to deliver even heat and add 
Good product. Been using the product for three months. No complaints from a 23 yr old living with his best friend 22 and younger brother 20 so you know we 
Good. Excellent only this model. Other similar ones are useless. Tried 3 blenders and they burnt down during the first use only  
Perfect for slow roasting roasts until the meat falls off the bone. Le Creuset manufactures porcelain enameled cast iron cooking vessels as well as other quality products. These cooking vessels 
THE CUTEST LITTLE PITCHER. I LOVE THIS PITCHER IT SITS ON MY COUNTER ALL THE TIME.BEATIFUL COBALT BLUE COLOR,WITH WHITE INSIDE,REALLY ADDS SOMETHING TO CREAMERS,WISH ... SOLD THE BIG ONE 
TRUELY THE BEST!!!. THIS IS THE BEST PRODUCT EVER!!! We have tried everything! Stainless steel, french cookware, tfal, teflon, copper bottom ... everything... and nothing compares to diamond swiss! We 
I like it. It works great and I like being able to use metal spoons. It apears to be of great quality  
Works Great and Enjoys a Place on the Counter. There s nothing worse than having to find space for, and then digging out a small appliance every time you want 
The right tool for the job. I m at a point in my life where I am developing a taste for quality, and can finally afford the kind of quality 
Beautiful!!!. Excellant quality for the price! Easy to assemble. No problem with shipping, arrived on time. Love it!!!!  
LOVE IT! LOVE IT! LOVE IT!. Very sturdy construction. Much better than I expected. I made whole wheat bread the other day and it didn t even hesitate to blast 
Very Pleased, Great Design... I love this corkscrew, it works very well. After having used the waiter type for years, this is a fantastic change. Having the foil-cutter built in 
Parrothead Pottery. This was an EXCELLENT addition to my friend s parrothead kitchen. The colors are bright and add a touch of PARTY to the room  
Neccessary for your Floor Mate..... What can I say - You have to have this to make the machine work. Rinses well, takes a while to dry. Buy it a 
Great Skillet Grill!. I really like it because the pan has deep grills, good surface and beautiful exterior, with differnt colors to choose from  
Good storage. This bowls are excellent for storage.. the lids dont come off, and they are sooo easy to put on and get off.. unlike some other items. They clean 
Love my one-cup cone filter. I have owned a Melitta one-cup cone for years and honestly, when I want a good cuppa, I use this. It s hot, it s 
Cleaver design? I don t think so. I really hope the writer of the description for this item will invest in a dictionary and look up the following words: cleaver, 
Satisfied. My first review of this item was two stars. However, after having contact with Sharper image, I am now changing my rating to four stars. Sharper Image is a 
Great Buy!. I purchased two sets for my children. The loved them and what a great price  
Great value for the money. I couldn t find these in any local stores, and so I decided to look on amazon.com. There they were in a 10-pak for a 
Nice heavy blanket. I bought this at a deep discount, not knowing exactly what I would be getting. Turns out, this was a great buy. I fold it in half 
Excellent little pot. I love this little pot. I haven t had it long enough to rate durability, but other Anolon s I ve had were excellent. I was afraid 
Seems to be great!. I bought this fountain after going thru 3 pumps for my PetMate fountain. My cats insist on putting things in their water fountains, and the PetMate 
Great!. I love this pattern. It is not perfect which I am happy about. The flaws add character to the pieces that cause them to look handmade. I love them 
 19.99 is cheaper than the sculpted rose ones in the collection that are too over the top. These bunnies are a little quieter. I love Easter pastels that are 
Shopping made easy!. Loved the Arthur s Court Punch Bowl. Shipping was great. Couldn t have been easier. j  
King Size Pillow Cases. We had just purchased new king size pillows and our current pillow cases did not fit properly. The Wrinkle Guard King Pillowcase Pair fits beautifully and 
Those kids will love it. Kids will just love this. I have seen kids play with this for hours and hours. I have a few of these in the closet 
Item 5 stars, Amazon shipping glass 1 star. I love the item, but don t order it from Amazon. I try to order from Amazon every chance I get, and 
Good product. I ve been using this product for several months and I have been happy with it except for it being slipperly on the stovetop  
love it. We decided last minute that we wanted a raclette grill for our christmas dinner and the model I rally wanted was not available any longer. So this was 
An excellent product. We had researched fry pans in the stores, but could not find exactly what we wanted. We did find exactly what we were looking for on Amazon. 
Flair Gets a B . I really wanted a Hoover Quick Broom, but they are no longer available, so I ordered the Flair. My goal was to avoid the expensive 
Black Binyl Folding Chair. This chair is perfect for sitting in for any amount of time. It s also quite stylish in black vinyl  
Perfect and comfortable. I feel that I got a great deal on this product. I have added it to my already soft pillowtop mattress. Now it feels like I am 
Dog Housebreaking Pads. While I use the pads for an older dog I rate them very good. Living in a high rise senior building, and confined to a wheel chair 
Hoover Vacs are the BEST!!!!. I recently purchased a new Hoover Wind Tunnel vacuum when my old Hoover died after almost 14 years of flawless service. My new vacuum even 
Perfect Pizzelles. I recently purchased this iron because I was tired of paying what the grocery store wanted for them. I love it. I am able to make ice cream 
High quality cooking. This frying pan by Calphalon is superb, easy to clean, perfectly shaped and stays evenly heated. It is perfect for omelettes, as well as one-dish meals, pan 
Excellent Organizer. This organizer is the perfect addition to my closet. I use it to hold sweaters, T-shirts, and pants. I used to store these items on the shelf of 
Love it. I love this storage system. The revolving holder is flimsy, but serves it s purpose just fine. I only wish I could find a way to re-order specifice 
Why did not buy before?. I recently needed a new pepper grinder and decided to get an electric one, versus a manual grinder. I must say I love the grinder. 
A very cool coffee maker... except. Well, we ve been searching for the affordable coffee maker that makes coffee as good or even almost as the Bunn Commercial jobs the 
Great Item. Looks good and it is very easy to assemble. The baskets are a little cheap looking but the table makes up for it  
Bissell sweeper... This is a good little sweeper. I got it to sweep-up cat litter on low pile carpet between my vacuumings; and that it does. I esp. like the 
A Consumer Note... Amazon s listed dealer would not ship to Vermont where I live. A little research shows that there are a multitude of estabished dealers who carry Miele 
Nice and warm. I bought many and I mean MANY sets of these sheets and have had no problems with them. They are very warm, not much fuzz... and well 
A Fine Coffeemaker!. I confess right away that I am a Zojirushi fan. I enjoy most of their products and I like the design of the three ZUTTO appliances, including 
fun!. i was so sick of making popcorn in a pot, and having it get soggy from the oil and steam. this popcorn is delightful! it s easy and healthier 
Great product!. Makes tender tender tender chicken. Makes tasty delicious great BBQ. Cleaning--some past posts are correct on difficulty in cleaning. However, solved with foil lining and also, if forget 
Perfect for portable HDs. Excellent case for portable HDs. I got two of these for my wife and son s Western Digital Passport protable HDs and they were a perfect 
So Convenient!!. I purchased this item about 2 years ago and have been looking for another one ever since. You can label the jars for the spices you use - 
Great Value. This toaster oven is a pleasant upgrade if you are used to a regular toaster. Having 4 different functions, warm, toast, bake and broil, it is extremely useful 
Truly is your Everyday Pan. I have the 12in and use it all the time. I bought this for my daughter who has a smaller stove top so is a 
Excellent so far... I am very pleased with this purchase. First of all, the non stick surface is safe, healthy, and works excellently! When I cooked my first batch of 
Just what I had hoped it would be!!. I had been looking for a dispenser for a while for my mounting cereal shelf in the kitchen. I have a mostly 
Love it when it works. Its a bit of a tempermental machine, but once you get all the idiosyncracies down, it works very well. Be sure not to grind the 
Breadman Corner Bakery. The breadmaker is great. Easy to clean and the timer tells you exactly how long before the bread is done. As long as the yeast is good 
title ?. It looks great and I have used it only once to make soup from a can. Therefore I really can t say how it cooks  
A good machine. This sewing machine is great to use. I know a little bit about sewing but have been afraid of buttonholes. This machine does it for you! I 
Best cat toy, hands-down. Da Bird is the best cat toy you can buy! It actually mimicks a bird s movements and looks and sounds very realistic. It gets my 
The Glass Does Make a Difference. Ok, I m wary of everyone that will read this and, like me in the past, think anyone who believes the glass wine is 
Excellent machine. I love this machine. Each package is its own brewing system. That means that there is nothing to clean, nothing to clog, and nothing to carry one flavor 
Unbelievable!. Our beagle and our lab are both heavy shedders.. We saw the video for the FURminator in our local petstore and thought we d see if it might help 
I have a pair, love them. I bought a pair a couple of months ago and I am very happy with them. Some people like this color more, but I 
Nordicware Bakers Half Sheet w lid. Love it, have been looking for this pan with a lid, and found it on Amazon.com Thanks  
a cute but serious little knife. this is a great tiny pro knife for a quick cutting and cleaning process. A must for every kitchen to have a few for 
Best FP I have ever had. I have had several over the years. This one is the best. My old one wouldn t even handle slicing sweet potatoes, the KitchenAid 
wood cuttingboard. very well made. wood is solid and sturdy. i like the recessed handles on each side. makes for easy lifting  
Very pleased. I was very pleased with how quick I received my purchase. I had looked for a long time for Bunny cake pan  
If they made it out of better material it would be perfect... It s a three-piece roasting rack--two sides and a long pin that holds them together. When assembled it 
Where Have These Been All My Life!. These Hercules Hooks are absolutely incredible. I wish I had them before my husband put many, many holes in our walls with anchors 
Dough Press Review. This press does exactly what it s designed for. The different sizes are perfect for my needs. The price was just right  
No Batteries!. I am very pleased with this product so far. I had purchased the battery operated one previously and really liked the way it worked, but then the batteries 
UNA MARAVILLA. Este aparato es una maravilla, lo recomiendo ampliamente, es rpido, confiable, silencioso. Una gran compra  
Perfect for the Naturewood Collector. As I have been building my Naturewood collection, the Salt and Pepper Shakers were the obvious choice. They are absolutely adorable, and go beautifully with 
Breathtakingly beautiful!. If you love fine china and you are a Teacup collector, this set is worth the investment of 20. It s beautiful! The pictures just DO NOT do 
Awesome dispenser. I use this dispenser for liquid soap at my kitchen sink. Its long reach lets me pump soap right into the sink w o picking up the bottle 
Not perfect, but best in this price range... The DeLonghi Esclusivo Dual Zone Deep Fryer is not perfect, but when purchased at Amazon s 80- 90 price range it s 
An Easier Way to Clean Your Mini Blinds. I am really enjoying my Mini Blind Hook Set. It s so much easier to clean my blinds now. The only draw 
coat rack. The coat rack works wonderful for us, we hang our robes tend to be thick and heavy before going into the hot tub. It was very easy to 
Basic. For 5 it is definitely worth the price...it holds 20-25 ties and works perfectly. This is great if you don t want to spend the money on the electric 
Extremely comfortable and soft!. I love these sheets! They feel very much like the sheets at a high-end hotel I stayed at in Mexico. The fitted sheet is very roomy 
great for lasagna. I debated the merits of a cast iron versus a stoneware baker with the sales person at Le Creuset, and her recommendation of cast iron ws on 
Mysterious look under water. If you want to add a bit of mystique to your tank, then this product is the one to do just that. I would suggest some 
Great Knife Set!. This is truly a quality set! I highly recommend this knife set for those who like to cook  
No regrets. Love this fridge! Perfect for work- fits under my desk & holds lunch for two people with room to spare. It s quiet and inconspicuous  
Great item for great price!. I really love this pot rack. It is just the right size for my small apartment kitchen. It is very strong,sturdy and good looking. All 
Another Great Gift. SHE LOVES THIS ITEM AND CAN T BE WITHOUT IT, ALWAYS AT HER DES  
tea pot - green. I absolutely love this tea pot! It is perfect in every way. I can even microwave it to keep it warm  
Review of 2-quart Revere Ware sauce pan. I purchased this sauce pan for my sister who has some health problems and was looking for a pan that wasn t too 
Satisfied with the buy. This is the first humidifier we purchased after reading the reviews in few other websites.Almost everywhere I read that this humidifier makes lot of noise even 
Adorable toaster!. I got one of these toasters about three years ago as a present. I just love it!It does really toast Hello Kitty s face on to the bread. 
Best non-stick frying pan in the world!. You do get what you pay for. This pricey All-Clad aren t all All-Clads pricey? 12&quot; non-stick frying pan is really terrific. One 
Perfect Popovers. I purchased this pan to make popovers for Thanksgiving. I love to cook, hate to bake. They came out perfectly. Light, airy and much more impressive that store 
Stands up to high temps, hot oil, and smoke. This splatter screen has exceeded our expectations. It takes high temps, hot oil, and smoke without a care and cleans up 
Works Great for small items. These inserts are wonderful. I can dry small items like grapes raisins and they don t fall through the slots. I can also lift out 
These heaters work!. I am ordering my third unit. I initially bought two, having used a much earlier model as a youth. They have enhanced the safety because they are 
stand mixer. This stand mixer is absolutely wonderful, everything about it has been worth it. A huge price difference from kitchen aid and quality is just as good as this 
Very Classic looking. The color is very beautiful. I like this a lot. It looks great and is very practical. The only drawback is that it is not as tall 
Almost perfect. I love it because it is easy and quick. My daughter asked how to plug it in. It s funny because we assume you need suction to pick 
Small but efficient. I like the fact that it included diff sized containers, and 2 of those were tumblers with handles to boot. I have read reviews where people have 
Tough Little Machine. I must admit I m really surprised at just how great this little stick vacuum is. Only reason I didn t give it 5 stars is it 
Wonderful little kitchen gadget. I love this rice cooker, makes fluffy rice in record time  
soft but slick. very nice to sleep on but my pillows kept slipping off the bed. The sheets also came out of the dryer still looking and feeling like new. 
It s neat. I was watching one of the shows on the food channel & she was using it to chop up spices & it looks like such a great 
Great product for the price. I have lots of clothes on the bottom portion- it supports the weight well and creates lots of space in my tiny closet. Great buy 
Wife hates the looks but it works quite well. Yes it isn t the prettiest vacuum but it is quite functional; and that s the name of the game. One 
Pretty good stuff!. While I normally don t give top ratings to merchandise, I felt I should raise the level of stars given from previous reviews at the risk of 
Perfect. These throws were perfect for what I needed. Came in a timely mannerwould order from Vendor again  
Works exactly as promised. Allowing you to pull one napkin at a time without disturbing the others. It s sleak stainless steel design looks great in my stainless kitchen  
Very Professional. Showed up on time, with a cold pack, wraped in a box and a phone number to contact and the person who inspected it. Very nicely done  
BBQ companion mug. The perfect size...It will hold a 12oz. can of beer plus foam or a can of Pepsi plus four large cubes of ice and the ice won 
Rival F69206-x 6 Qt Electric White Mountain Ice Cream Freezer. Recieved on time and is as advertised  
Dont need anything else!!. I was so excited to receive my pressure cooker, and I was not disappointed! I havent stopped using it since I got it. I actually put 
Very convenient. I purchased this grill tonight and made burgers using Jennie-O s frozen turkey burger patties. It worked great, the grease drained just fine, the patties held together unlike 
Lovely Lamps. I ordered two of these and am considering getting the floor lamp that matches.They are pretty, provide a nice amount of light and are simple but pretty.I m 
Heavy, Looks Good, Solid Stainless. Definately a heavy duty last a lifetime shiny feels and handles good tamper.  
Springform Pan. Great Pan. I had a hard time finding some of these sizes. :  
A comfortable duvet... This Duvet Set is not only gorgeous, but also comfortable. It was everything I hoped it would be!!  
perfect size. I ordered this after reading the other reviews on the product. It is absolutely the perfect size. I can put vegetables or main dishes in this dish and 
Go cast iron!. Once you ve tried cast iron pans you ll never go back. We have a full set of All-Clad, and since getting our cast iron skillet we 
Great Vacuum. I purchased a reconditioned DC-14 low reach Dyson about a month ago for my wife. It arrived the same day as our new carpet was being installed, what 
No Kitchen is Complete Without These!. I love these dishes! The proportions, color vibrance, surface wearability and chip-resistance can t be beat for the price! I suggest buying a few 
Delicious, rich, strong cup of coffee. After much research on coffee makers, I decided to buy this machine, on my quest for the perfect cup of coffee. I also got 
I think it s working!. The water here in New York is some of the best tap water in the country, so it s hard to tell if a water 
Great for kittens!. The moment we took this thing out of the box, our kittens we have 2 attacked it. They seem to think its the best thing on earth!From 
Great for Toast. It works great. Looks great my mother called it a futuristic robot turtle . It does take up quite a bit of counter space, but the larger 
Perfect Solution for my husband and I. My husband like to keep the bedroom cool Brrr . This helps him sleep better; however I was cold until we bought the 
When they said Firm, they weren t kidding!. I guess I figured a down and feather pillow could never be too firm. But, I was wrong. Don t get me 
best bug catcher. This bug catcher works!! My wife loves it. We no longer have to run around with a fly swatter leaving marks. Very easy to use and the 
Who knew function could still marry form?. This casserole accommodates everything from a whole roaster chicken ok, a smaller one to duck confit to risotto. I appreciate being able to 
Excellent. I purchased this item for myself and when my husband saw it he wanted a set for his cook on the boat. I use it everynight when cooking. Good 
SOOOO gorgeous.. .. you won t want to put it away when you re done with it. Pours great, and pretty, pretty, pretty. Beautiful smooth finish, quality all the way! 
Cheese Slicer is the Best!!!. My son gave this slicer to me and I love it so much I bought one for each of my 4 sisters.....it glides through cheese 
No wrinkles!. Our other sheets were high thread count Egyptian--they were a wrinkled mess. My husband hated them! I bought these sheets, washed them, and put them on the bed. 
great ice cube trays. The ice cubes come out intact - not chipped or cracked. To get them out, push each cube from the bottom with your finger.For fastest and 
My mom loves it!. I bought this for my mom as a holiday gift. She has been looking for a good sharp knife that she can slice tomatoes with and 
Good replacement Carafe. I bought this coffee maker since 1992. Excellent machine and well worth it  
Return policy great!. Unfortunately, my gravy boat had a broken handle, but I was able to return it in exchange for a new one. It was in great condition  
pantry. You get what you pay for, and as it goes, this is a nifty little cabinet. I didn t want to spend a bundle on a pantry just for 
olive oil bottle w pour spout. Item was shipped in a timely fashion and just as described. Love It  
Ease of use. This product is easy to use, and easy clean up, Grab & go  
Bath towel. The towel is very soft, and size is pretty big. I like it  
No Question: Great Wine Glasses. They arrived on time and unbroken - expertly shipped. All of the elegance, functionality and quality of Riedel and almost 1 2 the price. You 
so glad I bought this. Stylish, strong, keeps knives off counter, space saving, gets compliments from most everyone who enters my small efficient kitche  
Chop happy. I use this product every day. It s so wonderful that I immediately sent one to my mom. She said she hates food processors but loves the Vidalia 
Great heater. This heater does the job & looks great. I m very happy with the purchase. I gave it four stars because the thermostat knob seems a little flimsy, 
6 in funnel. I have been using my mother-in laws s aluminum funnel for several years. Just thought I would want a better material funnel. This is wonderful, easy clean 
I ve had mine for years!. My mom gave me this popper several years back I m talking, SEVERAL, when microwaves were still a novelty and I still use it. 
Swiss Diamond Pans. I purchased a saut pan and an 11 fry pan. They are an absolute pleasure to use: heat and cook evenly, don t stick, aren t Teflon, 
Excellent Product. I didn t realize how dull my old knives were until I began using my new knives. This is a great product  
Good starter dehydrator. I wanted to try my hand at making jerky and snacks but without spending a bundle in case I lost interest. This dehydrator works well. I ve 
Close to Perfect. I buy a lot of soup when it hits 1 a can at the market. It makes a good, cheap lunch. I disliked having to waste paper 
GREAT. HELPS WITH THE SMELL AND YOU CAN FILL IT UP FOR A LONG TIME WITHOUT NEEDING TO EMPTY IT  
Bodum 7-PC Mug Tree. Although I m not using the cups that came with the set, the mug tree looks very nice against my white black color scheme. It is 
Top of the line for in-home use. I have written reviews on almost all of this line of cookware and they all have a five-star rating.These are an excellent weight 
Lovely and useful. I originally bought this scale in green just for the look. It matched my kitchen perfectly. But, I have also found it to be incredibly useful too. 
Great product!. Love this meat pounder! Long handle makes it easy to use, with no effort involved.  
I think this filter set is reasonable price. easy to set up~ good~~you can change every 2 weeks. :-  
Wonderfully delicious coffee!. I love this thing! It s so much easier to use than I expected, especially since I already had an electric water kettle, and with the water 
Honeywell Filter. Fit perfectly. Worked 1000 better than the one I had jury-rigged as a temporary  
Fast & Light!. I love my new shark because it s lightweight and sooooooo easy to use. It is easy on the legs as regular vacuum cleaners kill my legs 
Great Juicer. I recently purchased this juicer and I love it. The big chute saves time from chopping fruits and vegetables into chunks. It s powerful motor handles everything with 
Nice looking and nicely made. This was a nicely made block, with very good fit and finish. Good variety of spaces for a wide variety of knife sizes. As was 
THE BEST!!. i bought this video center for my son for christmas as well a ps2 to store and at first i did not think that it would fit in 
Cuisinart Cookware. I have really loved this set. It looks great, cleans easily, and I love cooking with it. You really need to use a lower heat setting when cooking, 
As good as i had heard. This machine is simply amazing, we are cranking up ice cream all the time! Even though it is not meant to be usedi bought 
Works Perfect. This dehydrator is far above and beyond the Ronco dehydrator without the fan. Food is done quickly and thoroughly. I have done apple chips, bananas, and jerky so 
T-Fal Toaster Oven. After lots of looking at lots of toaster ovens I selected the T-Fal Avanti Elite as a gift for my gourmet husband. It does so many different 
Keeps a German Shepherd Happy. My German shepherd loves this toy. As both my husband and I work we have to leave her alone for 8 hours a day. I 
THE REAL CUTTING EDGE. Most of us know the importance of sharp knives for proper food preparation and gracious serving. Of course, I had to learn the hard way - 
egyptian cotton blanket. very nice, warm blanket, but too big for a full size bed, way too big  
Laser Pointer. I m certainly glad to have this pointer. You d never know it is inexpensive, since it looks quite sleek like a fountain pen, though heavier, for sure 
Great for meats, not much good for anything else. I found this knife phenomenal for working with raw meat-- its extremely thin blade allows it to get into all sorts 
Tomato killer. I was looking for an &quot;offset serrated knife&quot; as mentioned by Bourdain, and this fits the bill. Outstanding veggie slicer and all-around food prep instrument. Even over-ripe tomatoes, 
Gorgeous, timeless, top quality. Emile Henry products are fabulous. I love my dinnerware. I bought it after I purchased the salad set of large salad bowl plus small bowls. I 
100 Really fun!!. I m so happy because my kitty loves tunnel!! He plays hours and hours with my family and me...it s very exciting...when he hears that someone is 
Like this floor cleaner!. I think it does a good job because the color of the water it picks up. I was looking for something for my tile floors and 
Great saucepan. This saucepan was a great purchase. It cooks quickly and evenly and is the perfect size for steaming a vegetable side dish. It is a great investment and 
A nice decanter for a good price. This decanter works like a champ. The glass is a medium thickness, not too thin but not necessarily strong. I hand-wash mine, kinda 
Good Stuff. Hey, this fan is great! Quiet and the remote controls EVERYTHING! The fan was delivered very quickly and looks very good. I thought it would be white but 
Festive yet Functional Fiesta Dinnerware. Just to look at this lovely dinnerware makes me happy. But to be able to use it daily in the microwave, the dishwasher, and to 
All-Clad Roasting Rack. I love this rack. I use it in the stainless roti pan. It s great for your holiday turkey or roast. It keeps the meat out of 
Big. Round. Expensive. Heavy. Wonderful. This massive, weighty, cast iron, ovenproof pot is a serious cook s dream. Though expensive, like all Le Creuset cookware, it s high value is 
in defense. I ve been an Amazon customer for quite a few years, but I haven t before felt the need to review a product. This time, I felt like 
GREAT FISH TANK GRAVEL VACUUM. I own a 75 gal Fresh water tank , no need for water changes to clean bottom .EHEIM Battery-Operated Sludge ExtractorUnit is a great invention 
Chrome Banana Holder Tree. Good product. It should hold up well. It is bright chrome, and a little smaller and lighter and a little less classy than a satin nickel 
Just flexibile enough. It s a basic steel spatula, very good for cookies, fish, etc. I m not sure if other peoples vary, but, while mine is very flexible, so 
Great product!!. After checking locally for this griddle and finding itclose to 50, I looked online with Amazon. The same 50 griddle was on sale for 29.99.It is a great 
Must have for great home espresso!. I recently bought this great burr grinder along with the Rancilio Silvia espresso machine. Getting a great home espresso is all about the grind. 
Good edge, great price. I was not sure I would like this knife as good as my old parer but I have been very pleased with its balance, edge and 
Great Value!. We are very pleased with the quality of this couch. The leather is soft, but durable, the craftsmanship is excellent, and it is very attractive. Also, the delivery 
Great Pillows for Kids. Loved this pillow. it is a lot of fun  
DeLonghi Bar 32 machine. I am a former Krupps Maximo user. After 10 years of replacing the 15 bar pump annually, this machine has an 18 bar pump for half 
Excellent Product. One of the best product for making yogurt at home. Very happy customer.  
Absolute Wonder!. I had one of these for over 10 years and it never gave me a day s trouble. The only reason I purchased a new one was that 
Coffee Italian Style. This is your basic Italian single shot espresso maker for the stovetop. I used practically the same model for almost a year while in Florence. I m 
Yes, they re thin!. Some of the reviews of various Riedel Sommeliers series wine glasses are correct in commenting on their relative fragility, but the criticism isn t really deserved. 
Love these things. I ve tried all kinds of kitchen grips, these are my favorites. I have trouble grasping items, these work fantastic. In addition, I can use them to 
A winner. I m hooked on low fat milkshakes, and they require a really good drink mixer to get just right. Blenders, and many hand mixers with the wrong attachment, 
Cheers!. Ever buy a Martini and have it served in a glass that resembled a saucer on a sick only to have most of it on your shirt,shoes and floor 
What a great indulgence!. After reading every review on deep fryers I could find, I finally decided on this one. It has been great and I couldn t ask for 
Does the Job. Filter does a good job for a small space. It does not do the job overnight but with extended use has cleared our bedroom of a musty 
Dependable CorningWare. You simply cannot beat CorningWare for quality of products and pricing!! Love this baking dish!!!  
Highly recomended. I m very happy I purchased this griddle. It warms up fairly quickly, and I have not noticed any hot-spots or cold-spots. Cleaning the grease channel is not 
Nesco original Venison jerky... It s the only seasoning we will use to make our venison jerky. We won t use anything else. Tastes great and really adds the flavor 
Love LeCreuset!. Perfect size for cooking for two. Beautiful color and, as always, LeCreuset is well designed and cooks like a dream  
Beef Jerky Kit- It works fine. I just used the gun for the first time. While I did have to load it three times to use the pound of hamburger, 
Top of the line, high-quality stuff. I love to cook, but have never been much of a baker. This set was given to me as a gift, so now I 
Perfectly grilled a wide assortment of meats.... My family and I had a recent BBQ and set this unit up on the picnic table next to a cooler full of 
Not perfect, but sure beats manual sharpening. I just received the sharpener today along with a Henckels santoku. I sharpened a half dozen of the old Henckels at home and 
An Essential for Family of Four or More. This is a big saucepan! I got it for Christmas because I needed a large saucepan shape with a long handle to 
Candle set. I bought this set during the hurricanes because this is all I could find at the time. I m glad I did, it looks great, smells great and 
Excellent!!!. They are great pans, no problems at all. Great price for a virtual lifetime of use  
Compact and Efficient. We bought the Stainles Steel double Burner Hot Plate because we were redoing the kitchen and knew that we would be without the stove for 6 weeks 
Another must have in the kitchen. I have a family of 5 and we use our fryer almost weekly. Works great for bacon to keep your stove top cleaner and 
Pizza Stone. This pizza stone was more expensive than most, but after taking a pizza-making class I decided to go for a good one the instructor told us not to 
Most Attractive Charging Valet Ever!. This item is everything the description claimed it would be. It is most attractive and convenient, even though over-priced. Some things you just over-pay for 
Good quality and a good value. I received the garlic keeper in excellent shape. Packed well and without any damage. It s large enough to hold an ample supply of 
Nicest-looking gate ever!!!. Loved the look of this gate on-line. Even nicer in person. When people walk in, they say, What a beautiful gate . It matches all of our 
I love my VillaWare Stainless-steel pizza grill. I am new to the stone ware way of cooking. I love to cook on my grill and do every chance I get. 
Exactly what I was looking for. I spent a lot of time looking for the perfect desk. I looked in stores and online. I came across this desk on Amazon 
Best I ve had. We have had our deep fryer for a couple of mounth s now and we just love it. We have had other s but they all 
Crisp as Autumn Leaves. They have the crackle one expects from a percale sheet. Refreshing as the snap of a breeze hitting sailing canvas. A Man s kind of sheet 
Best Crema for lowest price. I have lots of friends with lots of different pump machines of varying price.... and not one of them beats the brikka for quality. It 
Lasagna Baker. Great sized, heavy ceramic lasagna baker. The gold dust pattern lends itself well to this piece. If you are not familiar with the pattern, the green is more 
Gorgeous. I absolutely love this pitcher. It s both functional & gorgeous. Used as a vase filled with red roses, you ll find you can t keep your eyes off 
Saves money. These dryer balls work well. Since I have to go to a laundromat, the reduced drying time saves me money. Also the clothes are softer, so I use 
The tenderest popcorn ever and with no oil. I bought this on a whim, not expecting much. This MiracleWear popcorn maker makes the tenderest, crispest popcorn of any I have 
Best Coffee Machine Ever!. I purchased one of these about 12 years ago at an auction, and fell in love with it. It worked beautifully for 12 years [making coffee 
Custom cookware for classic French dish. The Cassoulet is a classic French stew which, according to the Larousse Gastronomique is A dish, originally from languedoc which consists of haricot beans 
excellent. excellent pricing ---my husband purchased a whirlpool for me earlier and with my caddy I have everything I need close at hand. Thank you  
Lasts forever!. I inherited my grandomother s Revereware, which she used when I was little. That was more than 20 years ago, and I still use the pots and pans 
 This is a knife set ! . I thought I had used knoves before - they were toys. These are the real thing. Period. Buy them. You won t 
Great Idea. I purchased this item last week and it just arrived- I have a very tiny kitchen and decided not to use the actual rack- but put the tins 
Far better than normal moka pot, or cheap espresso machine!. Full review with pictures and video:http: daigoexpressed.net brikkaWonder how Brikka makes crema? Actually, it s a simple and neat trick 
A must-have for my bathroom... I bought this in the hopes it would tackle my bathroom floor well, and I wasn t disappointed. I have long hair, which falls in 
Versital FoodSaver. I have been using FoodSavers for years. I recently bought 2 of the 2 Quart Rectangle Canisters and love them. The size is perfect for left overs from 
Love this!. I really love the litter locker. The price can t be beat at amazon so get them here for sure. Most pet stores will charge you twice that 
Use it often. This crockpot cleans easily, cooks evenly, and we are delighted with it! It came with an itty bitty crockpot for sauces and dips. During the recent heat 
Wonderful invention!. I bought this wheeled laundry basket online from Target for 19.99 plus about 10 shipping. I looked around for coupon codes and saved 2 which is not bad. 
Looks good but...... I ve had the waffle maker for about 8 months and I m still trying to master it.I thought that once I had figured out a setting 
Christmas gift. Was very pleased to find this product on amazon.com. I found them on sale at Kohl s and after calling and driving to several stores could not find 
Excellent. This is a great pillow for cervical support and stretching. It s cotton and washable and worth the price  
Nice quality, a little heavy. Excellent, but its awkward in its weight. Still very beautiful  
Very good value. This is incredibly powerful and, with the attachments, very versatile. Wear ear plugs if you don t like the noise like a jet engine  
Best hand-vac EVER!. I have 2 large dogs akita mix with 2 coats who shed constantly so I needed a vacuum with lots of suction. But, I also have wooden 
Good as the old style!. I was hesitant to buy this as it is so different from the Presto Cooker I ve used for 40years. I am so pleased with 
Beautiful and Versatile. I just cooked the Sauerbraten recipe from Molly Stevens All About Braising cookbook entirely in this pan. The results were fabulous. This pan is very versatile since 
use it every day. I bought my bread machine a few weeks ago and I use it every day. The white and rye bread recipes turn out perfectly every time. 
THE ROASTING RACK OF MY DREAMS. MY ROASTING RACK ARRIVED TOO LATE FOR ME TO TRY OVER THE YEAR-END HOLIDAYS SO I HAVEN T FOUND OCCASION TO USE IT YET. 
Beautiful bone china, great buy!. I love these dishes, I bought these because I need more dishes to go with a set that is patterned but the basic color is 
Awsome Inexpensive piece of furniture. Really sturdy, huge bottom drawer to be used as storage or files. I bought this for my husband s recording equipment and it is fabulous! 
Great for potato wedges in the oven!. I was a bit apprehensive about purchasing this item, but I m so glad I ve added this mat to my baking tools. 
Works great!!!. Works great and is very easy to clean up.The collapsing feature is great and makes it easy to store.Excellent product  
Great Tasting Espresso Self Cleaning = VERY Satisfied Buyer. After spending 5- 10 a day at Starbucks, my wife and I got the Jura-Capresso for the convenience of a fully 
Very comfortable. I love my curiosity Mogu pillow, its very comfortable to sleep with and it is very cute. A must buy for anyone who ever likes Mogu in the 
Cork puller for the weak. My 82 year old aunt can now open a wine bottle because the Vacu Vin requires minimal physical strength -- the only I have found 
Great Product...EXCELLENT PRICE... This has got to be one of the best deals in the world. Where else can you buy a quality comforer for 30? No where. It is 
Garlic Roaster. Great product -- I love it! Recently bought one for my sister for Christmas. It s fast and does a great job. Very very easy to use and 
Wonderful flavours with minimal work!. I love my new tagine,it s brilliant.The tagine does all the work,there s little other than prep for the chef.You ll be amazed by the 
Have margarita maker, will travel. We ve had our Margaritaville margarita maker for several months and have been hauling it around to friend s and family s homes for get 
Almost TOO much fun!. My dog LOVES this thing! She can t figure out exactly what it is or what she should do with it, but she spends a lot 
SUPER SMOOTH. I ORIGINAL SAW THESE GLASSES AT THE STEAKLOFT IN MYSTIC CN AND ASKED THE MANAGER FOR THE COMPANY AND STYLE. I LOVE THE LOOK OF THESE.....CRYSTAL CLEAR AND 
Having Fun!. I have always loved waffles especially homemade. This waffle iron surpasses all of my expectations. The reviews I found on Amazon were all true, especially about it getting 
works fine and the perfect size for noshing. I ran out of butter so I didn t butter these molds. I used them because I had too much batter from 
Great toaster oven for the price. I spent a lot of time researching toaster ovens before I chose this model. Several weeks prior,I had purchased one from a local store 
Hamilton Beach Stainless Steel Electric Kettle. Completely satisfied it boils fast and looks great on the kitchen counter. From England so used a lot for cups of tea.Have tried several 
Sturdy - Nice Looking - Handy!. I thought the unit was priced a little high but I bought it anyway. It really works nicely. The drawers slide in and out 
I love my spoon. I love my OXO wooden spoon. It has the nicest feel and look of any wooden spoon I ve ever used. The shape is exactly right. 
Great Pot. Great pot, nice quality. The first one had a chip, and Amazon did a very fast, free, replacement. It comes with the little rubber clips to safely cushion 
Great little mixer, so far. I bought this mixer knowing that I was taking a chance on the quality and this time it paid off. I bake occasionally and this 
Wonderful!!. I just love this light. It is small and throws out a large amount of light. I love the two light levels and the easy positioning. I have used 
Just the right size, but spout should be pointier. I bought this pitcher to use with a new Francis! Francis! X6 that I use while roughing it at my cabin 
excellent rice cooker. rarely does a product move me to write a review but I have found myself increasingly using the net and amazon to review products I am not 
Nice little heater:. I previously had purchased this same heater about 6 or 7 years back in the white, and it recently died, so I opted to purchase again the 
Great Value for the price!. I am so glad I bought this one and not a high end expensive one. It s very sturdy, great instructions I have NEVER used 
Great product. Let me start by telling you this roasting pan is beautiful. Taking it out of the box I was very impressed by it s sheen, color, shape, and 
8 paws up!. My dog and my mom s dog go crazy over these balls. They re both heavy chewers, but these balls stand up to it. My dog has 
great! perfect size for everything. This set is so versatile. I bought these because I own the red Le Creuset cookware and they matched them. I thought that I would 
Chineese Cooking. I found this wok to work excellent. It heats quickly and cleans up with a wiz! I love the two handles for eeze in moving around  
Bold, large and beautiful!. These bowls were everything I hoped they would be...they are a beautiful, bold red colorThe bowls are about 4 1 2 inches across the top and 
Stunning. This pattern is beautiful and it was very well packed. The only problem I had was it shipped very slow. It was well worth the wait!  
Excellent Kitchen Shears. These Wsthof Grand Prix Kitchen Shears are an excellent addition to one s collection of quality knives and kitchen tools. I keep these kitchen scissors handy by 
Wow who knew it could work this well... I bought this yesterday, charged it all night and had a test run this morning... WOW!! My husband and I watched in 
Deep Fryer. I gave this as a Christmas gift. My son and family love it. It s not your ever-day cheap appliance. The Lock Lid keeps the oil in the 
It works. This lid does actually work for a quick, easy vacuum seal on everything I ve tried that doesn t have a pouring spout, and it s easy to 
excellent!. cuts steaks like butter!looks awesome!and its made by global.. what more can you ask  
The best of the best. I can t imagine a better deal for a brightly lighted dog leash! It arrived quickly and works better than I expected. Great product at 
Great Humidifier. I have had this machine for a month and it is a great humidifier. It does what it claims. It humidifies a large area including the living room, 
Great multifunction toy. The Turbo Scratcher is a wonderful cat entertainer and scratching post. My 11 year old cat plays with this when nothing else will interest her. The refills 
great new kitchen storage item. I read about these new collapsible storage bowls in my local paper. They turned out to be just what I needed. They take up less 
Nice Rack!. This trolley is great, it fits perfectly in my closet under my shirts, the reason i gave it 4 out 5 stars is that the metal frame is 
Awesome Mug. I had bought my husband a similar mug from Starbucks, and he loved the fact that it DIDN T LEAK! We had to buy a replacement mug for 
Everyone wants one. This is great for when company comes over. After we use it, everyone asks where we got it from. It is very easy to use and cooks 
It s worth applause!!!!. I can t express how satisfied I am with this collection. I purchased the entire Expresso Mocha set and it has transformed my living room into 
Looks awesome, very warm & cozy. For the 35.00 I paid for this set...it was well worth the money. It is so warm, so cozy, so soft, yet it looks 
A very good present. I BOUGHT THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER AND SON-IN-LAW FOR CHRISTMAS, THEY ALREADY HAVE PLANS FOR IT. THEY LIVE IN HOUSTON, TX. AND ARE PLANNING FOR THE 
Great product!. I m very impressed with this blender. I does a great job with ice and other frozen ingredients. Plus it s very quiet compared to other similiar items 
This puppy really works!!! :- . I needed to get a purifier for two reasons - I am severely allergic to dust and my boyfriend is deathly allergic to my 
Sturdy Little Vacuum!. This was an absolutely fantastic buy! Although the cord is a little inconvenient, this vacuum has more suction power than my regular upright. It is perfect for 
works well enough. A clever design stops you from overfilling, and I ve made liter after liter of soda water as much as one a day with it for months.The 
Wok - n - roll. Very high quality item. The outside is coated with a glass type glaze which makes it perfect for my glass top stove. The inside is 
McCulloch MC-1275 Heavy Duty Steam Cleaner. I like the unit as it does exactly what I need it to do. The only problem that I have with the unit is 
GREAT. I love them, so EASY to clean, totally nonstick, they are just faboulou  
Heart Shaped Waffle Maker. Gave as a gift for wedding present. Just what they wanted  
Presto 09964 PowerCup Concentrators. I love my Presto microwave popper. I received it as a gift, but I ran out of the concentrators. I could never find them in the 
Lets in the light. There is not enough light in the shower of my guest bath and this curtain solves the problem. The clear strip is just at the right 
Big and beautiful. I couldn t bring myself to spend the money on Reidel glasses, and these are a great alternative. They really do make wine drinking more enjoyable. The 
Very soft towels. These towels are very soft and fairly high-quality. After washing them, they kept their color well and they are still just as fluffy as ever. I m 
Really like it. It s the perfect shape and size, but I wish it came in a brushed steel. It s a little too shiny.  
Great product. Perfect for my needs! It fit great under my counter and does the job I expected it to do. Great size for folks with lots of laundry  
flannel sheet review. I m a massage therapist and these sheets ROCK! Very high quality flannel...a little on the oversized, which i like...And, I LOVE the color....sage like green.....yumm  
Buy the one with the loop. This saucepan is great when you re making a big batch of something, but beware that it s quite heavy and can be unwieldy 
Jan F. I have to write to tell you that this product is amazing...we had Hurricane Katrina friends staying with us for over a week. They brought their 4 cats 
Throw away your chef knife, this is the one you need. I ve replaced my chef knife with this santoku knife. It is so much easier to handle. It s 
Very nice and for a great price. I bought this for myself after not being happy with the options and prices in stores. It s a very nice piece and 
Can t say enough about this product!. I thought this was an utterly over-the-top gadget that surely no one needed... until my husband bought one for us at home. I 
Truly put me at ease. When my husband suggested that we get a bark control collar for our Pitt Australian Shepherd mix, I nearly cried because I knew he was 
Bialetti Moka Easy--Works Great for Office or Home. I have always liked to have good coffee at work, replacing the sorry beans that come with our office s coffee service 
Slow Cooker for Two. This is just great for 2 person family,you can cook just the amount you need without a lot of left overs. It will also handle food 
I own two. I own two that include the ac adapter. They are great bright lights. I used the first one so much that it sometimes slides closed too easily. 
Clean throughly after each use for maximum pickup. I bought this since it s the 14.4v and I figured of all of the stick vacs, it would have the best 
One slick machine. Initially I was crestfallen when I used this machine and could not achieve coffee roasted in any way resembling coffee I am accustomed to. That is to 
Great For Parties. Lots of fun! It is great for parties. You will end up dipping everything in chocolate. Easy to clean too  
Fur Mice - A big hit!!!!. All of my cats absolutely love these little fur mice! Even my older cats play with the fur mice. They throw them up in 
Very Satisfied. I am very satisfied with my purchase. The bedding set is beautiful and very comfortable. I was a little disappointed in the amount of time it took to 
Worth the price. I have used my sweeper about 3 times now and it works quite well on our Pergo laminate floors...it picked up cat hair, crumbs, small leaves with 
Good value - works well. I purchased the carafe to use with my French press. It works very well, keeping the coffee hot for several hours. Construction, fit, and finish 
Great value for the price. Great for storage, anywhere, especially for a family. It is light and assembling is also easy. Would be better if there would be a latch 
Mahogany step stool. The stool is excellent quality - looks good and works well. The surprise is the weight - very heavy  
I Love it!. I bought the Kitchenaid for my husband who has been whining for one for 5 years. He loves it. Amazon shipped it fast, we havent had a 
4 Cup Coffee Filters. I find that these filters are the most consistent in fit, easiest to seperate and do the best job of filtering  
Great Non-Stick Baking. I expected these items to be quality items in keeping with the Cuisinart standards. My expectations were met  
Loving the suction!. I was supposed to be doing homework, but the vacuum had arrived that day ... so I took it out of the box and put it together. 
Not realy Le Creuset Quality. This item is not made in France, but made in Thailand. The lid is NOT tight fitting, quite the opposite really. Still the pot looks 
love emeril cookware. I recieved this as a gift. It is the best cookware I ever had. Food cooks evenly.Very easy to clean  
Excellent Product. This feeder is exactly what I expected. High quality, easy to use, and reliable. I previously purchased the two - sided feeder by Petsafe and was very happy. 
Great glasses. Second set of these glases, and love them. Don t sweat hold a full can of soda plus ice. Even without ice, the drink stays cold. No problem 
excellent. its is convenient and compact and easy to use. it is a procuect i have used for years without any complaints  
Does what I bought it for. Overall I dont have any major complaints - seems to be a great unit and does what I want it to do - humidify 
Beautiful but fragile. I have owned Riedel Vinum Bordeaux glasses for a decade and love them for their size, shape, clarity, and elegance. However, I have stopped purchasing them. Why? 
Solid. Here are my impressions so far:Condition: It s refurbished, but if you wouldn t have told me, I d have never guessed. It s packaged like a new product, 
GREAT COFFEEMAKER!!!!!!. This is a great coffeemaker! It has received TOTALLY unfair reviews. It takes some work to clean - yes, but so worth all of the effort. From fresh 
Fiestaware. The fiestaware was in excellent condition and the delivery was prompt. Excellent seller  
Cosco step-stool chair in white. I purchased this newer model step stool chair for a slight retro addition to my kitchen. With the white powder coat finish it doesn t 
Good fridge -- terrible packaging. As of January 10, 2007, Sanyo is still using the same terrible packaging. I m in Amazon Prime and paid the small extra amount for 
Dog Ramp. It is a very well built ramp, I believe it is made from polypropylene with a non slip surface.Excellent service and fast shipping. Said it would be here 
amazing. delivery quick. microwave beautiful and amazing. equally amazing -- the good price, free shipping and no sales tax. thanks  
Excellent Value for Excellent Food. I have wanted a pressure cooker for some time, and recently received this one as a gift. I have used it a number of times 
Holds precisely 2 quarts. This is a wonderful little pot. Perfect for my husband and me. Serves 2 people or 2 small children. Really great for 1-pot cooking! Sturdy, fun 
Great product. The hot pot works great. It boils water very fast. Those heating soup will have to be careful to stir the soup since soup with dumplings, etc. will 
Fun basic glassware. I ordered these glasses to have extra for a party. Fun shape drew compliments. I now shuffled them in to use as my everyday glasses all matching! 
49erbabe. Don t hesitate to buy this light weight blanket. It is wonderfully made; the reason I m giving it a 5 rating is that it fits my California King 
Does job well and does it quitely. This air purifier does a great job of filtering the air in our apartment. I am asthmatic. I bought two of these units, 
Very good quality. Delivered on time. The pressure cooker is very easy to use. It is good for cooking Chinese-style soup with all kinds of fresh bones. I love it 
SURE-SET SURE WORKS FOR OUR OFFICES. WE HAVE BEEN VERY IMPRESSED BY OUR PURCHASE OF THE HONEYWELL HZ-338 SURESET CERAMIC HEATER. WE REPLACED SOME OLD ELECTRIC HEATING UNITS. WE LOVE 
Cooks beautifully. I love this oven!. I got this unit a few weeks ago and I ve been quite impressed with it, especially in light of its very reasonable price. 
step stool review. The step stool, a gift for my daughter, works well as a step stool. The problem was in the difficulty to attach the seat and back to 
Cutest little madelines!. This worked as promised and turned out some very dainty little madelines- cute as a button! It works the same as the large madeleine pans, and is 
Beautiful and bombproof. Fed up with chipped rims and not being able to microwave them, I decided it was time to replace my Crate & Barrel stoneware with something more 
Wow!!. These are the best for keeping your dog happy! And they really help emphasize tasks completed well  
great product. I received the cart within 3 days. It was easy to put together, and I was pleasantly surprised as to the quality of the cart. The butcher block 
Fine Product. I received my pealer about 4 months ago as a replacement for an old electric pealer that just gave out . I have had rheumatoid arthritis for over 
Great wine glasses!. Have several different glasses from this collection. Great style, easy to maintain no dishwasher for these and are more sturdy than they look. The two pak set 
Great little espresso maker. This is a very simple and easy to use product with very good directions. I use it regularly to brew an evening cup of espresso  
A great everyday blender. I ve had mine for two years now and absolutely love it. I primarily use it for my protein drinks in the morning, and it has 
Sturdy and folds flat. This step stool is very sturdy. It folds up flat for storage, and it s easy to carry around in the flattened position, so it s 
Exceptional Product and Customer Service. Luigi Bormioli has proven to me that they possess the exceptional quality of service that I would like to be able to expect from all 
Great Knives!. I was skeptical about the quality of these knives due to the low price of 39.99. But after reading the other reviews, I was willing to give this 
Works great on spices!. I bought this grinder for spices and seeds. It does a great job on flax seeds. I can put in as little as one tablespoon and 
Great bargain. We have enjoyed this cookware set for a couple of weeks now and are very impressed with the quality of materials, construction, and design of these pots and 
 Jack of All Trades Pan. I love All Clad cookware & was in the market to add to my collection. Initially, I wanted to buy the 14 fry pan, 
Never have to replace it. This pan is a good heavy weight and will last forever. The price was excellent, so I was able to get more than one. All 
Works pretty good, so far no problems.... We just purchased the reconditioned Dyson DC 14 and so far it works pretty well:1. The noise level is a solid ok .2. 
Great Pizza Pan. I used store bought pizza dough and the pan delivered a nice crispy crust. Here s a hint: roll out or stretch the dough on parchment paper, 
Good Customer Service. Arrived on time but but I was a little disappointed with the quality. There were pieces missing so I notified the customer service department and the parts 
Decent set of knives. These are not bad knives, hold their sharpness better then my previous set of Budget Sabatier knives I bought from Amazon but still are not as 
For the price, this set is STELLAR! Good looking, versatile, functional, and sturdy. This Farberware Millennium Soft-Touch SS set, which I received as a gift this past Christmas, has totally 
Cuisinart DCC-12PBRC 12-CUP REPLACEMENT CARAFE. This is the replacement for what I believe is the original Cuisinart coffee maker and works well although the lid sometimes does not snap into 
This old lady likes it. I m on my second winter with this humidifier and find it in many ways superior to others we have owned in our 43 years 
Gone back to the Melitta. Okay, let s face it. At least for me, there is no one coffee pod machine that has the best of everything. I tried the 
Wonderful!. When I received these sheets. I couldn t believe how heavy they were. I washed them. they came out great and felt so soft. they are very thick sheets. 
Got here fast!!!. The item is perfect, matches my other pieces and the price was the best I found so far on the internet!!! A  
A little unwieldy. I never know what to do about cutting boards. My preference is wood, but the upkeep to keep them from warping and in good shape is too 
great heater. This is a great heater. It warms up the room very quickly, it has a nice feature of oscillating, it also works as a fan; the thermometer is 
WONDERFUL!. I received this lamp for Christmas and I just LOVE it! It is stylish and not gaudy and casts a delicate glow over its twists and curves. A quality 
Great tea kettle for everyday. This kettle is great for me. I use it to make tea for myself every day. I do not understand the review that says it 
Awesome. We cook all sorts of sticky stuff in this pan that I d never dare to cook in any kind of regular cookware and it just slides off. I 
Can t do without one. I got a Mogu person pillow a few years back for christmas, and have slept with it everyday since. My original one was getting flat 
Great for the non-cook!. I am a terrible cook & always burn everything. These pots are great & have made it much easier to make a meal. I ve had 
great quality and vibrant color. The red shower curtain is made of a heavier quality material and the color is true vibrant red. For those who only use red at 
awesome floor vac. This little vacuum is great for cleaning floors. It has good suction and is easy to empty, and slides easily around my pergo floors and doesn t 
It s worth about 5. It is bulky and akward to transport. Will not hold up for years to come. I knew this getting into it. You can tell by 
Excellent product for the price. I recently purchased these for my wife who s been suffering with a bad cough. We figured that having less dust around her would help 
Best Grinder Available. We ve had this exact Peugeot 7 Pepper Grinder for 28 years.We bought it because my Mother In-Law had been using hersfor about 30 years which was 
Solid Product - Recommended Purchase. Quite sharp looking; Well constructed; Once you know how you like to have your typical bread or bagel toasted, just choose the appropriate toaster setting 
OXO Good as always. The OXO grood grips nylon square turner is great. I find this item to be easy to use and comfortable to handle. The good quality nylon 
I d buy it again. Perfect for the Weekend morning family breakfast. Family of 7 tested. From bacon to pancakes to eggs to sausage - no stick and absoltuely no 
Great Product. My cat is almost 17 years old and has developed arthritis in his knees. Prior to Cosequin he was limping any time he walked and was in obvious 
It s what she wanted. She asked for the little CrockPot. By golly, she got the little CrockPot  
Love it!!. I am a woman that has inherited the horrible hair gene. I grow it everywhere, and have been tortured by it since childhood. When shaving thick hair I 
hookless shower curtain. We love this product. My kids were constantly tearing the shower curtain off the rings by pulling the curtain open and closed to hard. This product eliminates 
excellent pizza pan!. This pan is durable and it is even designed so when you put it on the counter it is sitting up and not just lying flat. Very 
like this pillow. It took a little getting used to, and deciding whether to use the bigger or the smaller side, but after this we ve really liked the pillow 
recomended in cooks illustrated. the magazine cooks illustrated a consumers reports of cooking recomended this brush. they liked that the bristles would not warp and that it will hold alot 
Wonderful. I received two of the bowls FREE with my purchase of two 16 piece Naturewood sets from Amazon I really like free stuff and isn t Amazon great? . 
As expected. We wanted a black bread box to match our black appliances, and our only concern was that this box may look cheap. However, we are happy with the 
bought one for my brother. ...and will end up ordering a few more for other family members who thought it was the coolest thing ever. He can make his coffee 
My cat loves these crinkly balls!. My cat LOVES these things. They re the size of ping-pong balls but they re crinkly. My cat loves catching them and chewing on 
Boning - and so much more. This substantial tang give this knife superb balance and control. It s a champ at boning poultry especially if you want the fancy whole 
Misto olive oil sprayer. Works great! Easy to pump-it would be nice if there were a clear window to let you know when you need to refill  
FLOOR VACUUM. AS OTHERS HAVE SAID, ITS LOUD BUT WORKS GREAT ON HARDWOOD,CERAMIC, AND EVEN CARPETS. THE FIRST TIME I USED IT I WAS SUPRIZED HOW MUCH IT PICKED UP 
Much better than the old model!. I purchased this vacuum 40 tax at Best Buy to replace my old red Dirt Devil with the bag and onboard tools. The tools 
Air Bed. This bed is more than we expected, It inflates and deflates with little effort. The storage bag is made big enough so as you do not have to 
late late late. Don t get me wrong, I love the sheets, but it took forever for them to ship to me. It was rather disapointing but other than that 
good for ages 0-100. This is a great product whether you are on a diet, a new mom making baby food or pureeing food for an older person... it is 
Great as nightstands!. I just bought 2 of these tables to use as nightstands. I have a very high bed, and thought they would be too short and too small...but 
Bye-bye George!. I had a George Foreman unit, but the non-stick coating wore off very quickly. This unit is great, and much more versatile. What sold me were the removable 
Tea filter. Great product, no extra tea leaves or debree in my cup. Fast shipping too. This is our second one the first one lasted 5yrs until we set it 
perfect towel- unless they re imperfect . These towels are huge and plush. But one of my bath towels in the Cousteau color arrived flawed. It had major problems down 
Excellent product for the price. I bought this fan to replace one that was broken during moving. This is the second one we have purchased and it is a great 
Great Pan. I have a passion for cooking as long as I have good kitchen tools. My Emerilware 10-inch nonstick fry pan is perfect, because the pan has a beautiful 
Comfortable, stylish, great priced sheets!!. I have these sheets on my bed right now. They are very comfortable and soft after just one washing. The price was great and the 
Best Dog Behavior Modification device. The Premier collar was the best solution to help my dog restrain from barking without any injury to him!! He learned within a few days 
What are these people talking about?. I ve owned this item for about 18 months now and love it. Yes, I have experienced a small amount of leakage on occasion 
Love them!. Don t listen to the reviews about it not fitting and the sheets smelling funny. I have a queen extra full pillow top and tehy fit fine! The 
GREAT PANS!. These pans are light and clean up great just don t use metal in them. Will buy more  
A GREAT TOY!. We purchased this tunnel for our active but sometime bored with his present toys , 2 year old Burmese cat. What a hit it has been! The 
LOVE this fountain. Our cat loved to drink from our faucets and he d hop into the tub or shower as soon as someone got out. We bought this and 
A great value, very well made. We love these aluminum rings! They are really nicely made --very smooth, one-piece aluminum, so not only is there no worry about rusting or 
wonder washer review. The Wonder Washer appears cheaply made, but works fairly well if you follow the instructions and not overload the machine. It augments my regular washer nicely, washing 
Dinner Ware Set. I m very happy with this dinnerware set. The colors are vivid, and the rooster design is really pretty. It s a perfect addition to my collection 
Excelente... El producto es muy bueno... muy fcil de usar y muy preciso, pude compararlo con algunos productos o kit de otros fabricantes y me di cuenta de la calidad 
Enjoyed. I enjoyed this purchase it came on time and we had companyover and it made such and elegant presentation that the guests thought they were royalty. If any spills 
Cooks Illustrated choice!. We purchased this cooker based on the recommendation of a Cooks Illustrated review, and we have not been disappointed at all! The 10qt capacity is just what 
Pet Bed. This is a great product my dog loves it, plus it keeps her out of my bed at night  
Awesome snow cones!. We love this ice shaver. It s so easy to use and compact for storing. It makes awesome snow cones in just minutes. We got it from 
Awsome. This is the best book light I have seen. Good bright, white, even lighting. Small and compact. Lighting area a little small for a magazine will have to reposition 
Good quality. I am not a frequent hostess but these are pretty nice serving pieces. I resort to using them outside the holiday season when I need to as well 
Capresso 114.01 Espresso Classic Black. The espresso machine works well, and makes a great latte. I recommend it. I ve had no trouble  
Great alternative to wood chopping boards. I have had this product for a few months and it is great.Let me tell you why. Cleaner than traditional wood boards. Just rinse 
Just what I was looking for!. I have searched and searched for a cherry pitter like this. Now I can hardly wait for Cherry season to try it out  
Nice. Love this bowl, and that s a little strange for me to say about a mixing bowl. I have had this for a couple of years and it s 
great!. Excellent pedometer for the money. Worthwhile investment. I only had to play around with the step measurement sensitivity, and now it works great. Radio works great also.. Definately reccommend 
Great little night lights . . . These things are great. They ve got a nice blue-ish color to them versus the ugly yellow of some lights, rotate so that 
I m loving the Japanese knives. The size and shape of this knife tend to limit its use to smaller chopping jobs, so I wouldn t recommend it unless you 
an enjoyable experience. I really like these glasses. The glass really does make a difference -- sometimes. I ll probably next purchase their red glasses  
Nice nonstick. For a family of 4, this pan is good size. Quality is good. The glass cover is a plus. I bought it at around 25. I have been 
Great tongs. The tongs work very well. The locking mechanism works but easily becomes unlocked if the tongs get moved around in the drawer. That hasn t really been a 
LOVE, LOVE this slow cooker!!. We did a large amount of searching online & in stores to choose the right slow cooker, and decided on this Corningware 4-qt one. After 
perfect size. I ordered this after reading the other reviews on the product. It is absolutely the perfect size. I can put vegetables or main dishes in this dish and 
I love These Sheets. These sheets are fantastic. I was so happily surprised at the quality, considering the cost. The value is excellent. They feel great. The color is rich, 
Very nice and for a great price. I bought this for myself after not being happy with the options and prices in stores. It s a very nice piece and 
Save the day. I spray a little bit in the carrier this time when I took my cat to the vet to have her neil done. Usually it takes three 
Great small cup of coffee. This thing is so simple and easy. Don t waste your money on more expensive 3 cup that s euro sizes - it equals about 
Very effective. Does the job as advertised. I keep this unit running throughout the day in my bedroom and shut it off at bedtime. Too noisy for me . I 
Le Creuset is fantastic stuff!. This is my first piece of LeCreuset. I purchased the tomato because for the whimsy. I just plain thought it was darn cute! Now I 
Great value in a small package, nice price. Good design, great features. Virtually no mess when emptying the pull-outcrumb tray. Wide, self-centering slots accomodate various item sizes.Cancel button eliminates need 
Good for the money. This product is good for the money. It is a little longer than I figured it would be. I put it in my backpack and it 
Bath towel. The towel is very soft, and size is pretty big. I like it  
HOW DID WE EVER GET ALONG WITHOUT IT?. This light weight travel steamer has saved me many dollars. For the price of what I would have paid a hotel valet 
Coffee. I bought this as a replacement for the many carafes I have broken since buying the coffee pot.  
Works great, but very large. this pizza cutter does everything it says it does, it s sharp, it cuts and it has a nice plastic blade cover to keep it 
good toaster. looks great, buttons and controls are nice and easy to use. toasts more on one side than the other but that does not bother me  
It s terrific. I drink a lot of tea and this kettle is the best. It heats the water quickly and I like the fact that it turns off automatically, 
luxury colander at its finest!. I have to agree with the previous reviewers, wowzers. This thing is beautiful and well made. The interior has a beautiful mirror finish, and there 
this is very good. this is very good product and affordable too. great price great produc  
Like a nice piece of furniture. Very well made and far more attractive than a wire cage or plastic crate, this pen is a great option for keeping a larger 
Makes the place smell clean. I love the way this makes our house smell. It also seems to pick the carpet up abit from the walk-down syndrome. However, this only 
Very fast and easy to make. I bought this pizzelle baker because it makes 4 pizzelles at a time. I like the size of the cookie also. It takes about 
Excellent Low-Price Knife Sharpener. I read about this knife sharpener in Cook s Illustrated, which rated it the best manual one. Since receiving it, I have sharpened a number of 
Scooba clean. Being used to the swiftness of the Roomba 10 stars! , the Scooba seems very slow. It does not follow the wall as much as the Roomba but 
great. i like it. i was pleasantly surprised. simple. i didn t even know it has a keyboard drawer. that was a bonus.  
 12.99 is a great price. I need a tablecloth and this was the cheapest price PLUS 6 napkins. Both packets arrived dirty with many hanging threads and I threw 
Best Can Opener I Have Ever Used. I have several of these, for different places. Only can opener I will ever use. It is very easy to use and lasts 
Attractive set. these were great for the money. I had similar items break after awhile and I order these, exact replica, to match the set I had. Surprising great quality 
Greatest knife for small tasks. I have had this knife for many years - kept at my desk to slice fresh fruit. It was so liked by co-workers - someone 
classic. wustoff classic is premium! Any task requiring a knife is fulfilled....as a professional caterer chef I can tell you that you can make no better selection...for the work place 
Excellent. This biggist advantage of this product is the very small holes in the screen. I have used other screens but they do not stop splatters nearly as well. I 
Most important, the cats love it. I bought this for my 3 cats, Harley, Jazzie, and Sinbad almost two years ago and they love it. Sinbad was hyperthyroid and he 
Clean easy to use product. I used to have a yogurt maker that had one chamber to make yogurt in. This product comes with 7 jars, which makes it easy 
Good product; blade is a little more flexible than I would like. I think this is a nice little spatula, but it could be a little stiffer in the blade 
Great case; it fits everything. This case is really good, it fits my 1034D Brothe serger very nicely. The only thing I wish it has, is a compartment below the 
Love this set!. So much nicer then I ever expected, considering the price of other sets I d seen. Bought 2 rockers with the side tables, and the ottoman too. 
fiestaware at Amazon. I hadn t used Amazon before and did so at the suggestion of my sister. Amazon had the products that I wanted, at good prices, and the 
12 cup popover pan. The popovers rise high and evenly, and have a nicely textured crust. I spray the pan very lightly with Pam, and there is no problem with 
Cast iron is the best!. Cast iron is by far the best way to cook, and Le Creuset overall does increadible job. But you need to really know your cast 
2nd time buyer. My mother-in-law was over for dinner one night and fell in love with these tongs. So I had to purchase a set for her for Christmas. They 
A necessity for use with the Venta Airwasher. This additive is an absolute necessity when operating the Venta Airwashwer. Whenever you replace the water of the Airwasher completely every 10-14 
The PERFECT Blanket!. If you re looking for the perfect blanket for a cozy nights sleep, this is it! It is the SOFTEST blanket you ll ever own without a 
Solid, stylish microwave. We got this microwave for our office, replacing an old, tiny microwave all were happy to be rid of. This one fits well with the office decor 
Mr. Coffee DRX5. The coffemaker arrived in perfect condition. It makes very good cofee. I am pleased that it has automatic turn-off and also the ability to pr-set the time 
High-Tech Exotic Cutlery from Japan. If you like high-end products crafted from the cutting-edge literally technology, then be sure to check out these knives. I ve checked them out in 
Excellent, highly reccommended. I have been using the instant thermometers where you have to remove the roast, take temperature, and replace roast in the oven. This remote thermometer is easy 
Port drinkers will love these glasses!. Perfect in size with a great hand feel. These glasses are large enough to allow room for a nice bouquet and some swirling if 
Perfect Chilli bowl!. I just love Fiestaware and this is the perfect chili bowl! It is a great size for chili or soup! The quality is fantastic adn the price 
Good Turtle Basking Solution. This turtle ramp is pretty good.I use a 90Liter tupperware container for my slider and it has rounded sides, so many of the other suction ramps 
Pricey, but well worth it. I bought this sharpener because it was recommended by Cooks Illustrated which does independent testing and does not accept advertising . The unit is very 
Bagel Guillotine. Best thing they ever made! Prompt delivery and all that product was advertised  
very sharp. i bought this the other day on clearance at a local department store. i was kind of questioning it because for the fact that it was on clearance. 
Great functionality but..... I love the capacity, the allover mesh for thorough draining and handles for off-sink useage; however, there is a lip circling the interior under the handles that 
I would give this one 10 stars if I could. Absolutely the best vegetable knife ever, I do have small hands, and while these are heavy, they are ergonomic and 
great mixer. Easy and STRONG for mixing and makes it a lot easier for the hand  
Nice, but large!. These are nice to keep a martini cold, but they re a bit large.  
Useful and stylish. I love, love my set! You have fun colors to choose from and they don t disappoint in person! There is a half way measuring line in 
Sango Nova Black Canisters, Set of 4. These canisters were bought at a great price through Amazon, JCPenny wanted 70 . We waited a month for Amazon to ship them 
Good reading light. Very well made reading light. Nice carrying case. Decent battery consumption. Fits most of the books really well.Happy reading  
must have!. I bought one of these almost 5 years ago. I just now need to replace it. It is the best litter box. No mess, no icky scoop, no 
Excellent Toaster. This new toaster from Kitchen Aid is an excellent little toaster, and includes a special setting for Bagel s as well as settings for frozen items like toaster 
Tervis Tumblers are great!. These are the best insulated tumbler I have ever used. They really keep the beverage cold and the ice does not melt quickly.I use them for 
So far, so good. Contemporary, sharp design fits well with the other stainless steel kitchen items. Small size is a plus in our cottage size home. Toaster has slide out 
Nice water proof mattress pad. This mattress pad is soft, quiet, and seems to hold up well in the wash. Perfect for my two year old s big boy bed 
Great filter - one issue to note. I have had this filter running on my 25 gallon tank for about 2 months now. It s more filter than I need 
Quiet and powerful. The most quiet air pump I have ever owned. I was a faithful customer of Hagen and Tetra air pumps but got fed up with the noise... 
Love it. This thing is great...its big, it s metal and its red! What can you really say about a coffee maker. It works and it looks great in my 
A love letter to a handy kitchen workhorse. I was just doing an in-depth post Christmas dinner cleaning to my kitchen and found myself once again tking this steamer out 
Great Duvet Cover. Nicely made. So soft and warm. I wish I had ordered more  
Great Starting Set. I recently purchased this set after spending several weeks trying to decide which set was right for me. Not a chef, just a regular guy who likes 
Love this Product. This is corelle ware so really need I say more. It is stylish, yet functional for everyday dishes. Stands up to children well  
Great tumblers, with a lifetime guarantee!. I ve had these for years and just love them. They are well-insulated, don t sweat, and nice looking. If anything happens - cracks, 
Great Grill. Love this appliance, the latest in a long line of Foreman Grills I ve owned. Especially like the large surface area and double-hinged lid for thick steaks and 
Coolest thing since frozen beer glasses. What a fantastic idea! The shot glasses only last for about one or 2 shots before they start to leak. Also the packaging suggests 
No More Tears Scrubbing!. I used my new Black & Decker Cordless scrubber for the first time yesterday. I was thrilled with the results! I have severe arthiritis in both 
Perfection! We Use Ours Daily - Both On The Road & At Home!!. Adds a touch of eclectic character! The Bialetti Moka Express . . . the Italian coffee maker 
Color Perfect. Purples are most of the time hard to match, not with the Fiestaware Plum Sugar Packet Caddy. The color matched just perfectly and all I could do is 
Great color match. This bathmat is a perfect match to the towels. It is a little larger than expected and is a bathmat not a bath rug, therefore there are 
Outstanding. This item has not had much use to date, but the early returns show that it is indeed outstanding, good tempurature control etc, and I especially like the green 
Efficient and easy to clean. This coffee grinder is a replacement for a similar model that lasted for many years of daily use. It is easy to use and comes 
Useful. I think it doesn t spray like a can of spray that you buy, but you can t beat it for the health benefits. It keeps you from having 
An excellent buy. This inexpensive coffeemaker performs very well. Its easy to fill and the glass flask pours without spilling. My only quarrel is that the off on switch is 
Laguiole Corkscrew Rosewood with Case. Best corkscrew I ever had. Great stuff from a wine lover!  
Better than you might think. I understand that many people are disapointed in the quaility of this set. However you must realize that you are looking at the less expensive 
Must have for Wine Lovers. This is one of the best gifts I have ever received. I love wine, but it s rare that we can go through an entire 
Excellent Espresso Maker. I have been making espresso the old fashioned way my whole life. This coffee maker makes GREAT COFFEE in seconds and has a super fast clean up. 
perfect!. I love this knife. We ve had ours for about ten years and we take it with us when we re going on trips and picnics. It is extremely 
Very handy. I ve had this vacuum for a little over a month. It has great power, and cleans carpet very well. It s adequate on my hardwood floors. I 
Great nightlight alternative. Never replace a bulb. Dirt cheap to operate. Several companies sell this exact same light, included one sold at Home Depot. It s a single LED light 
We love the hookless shower curtain!. We bought this shower curtain and use it with an arched shower rod to give more space in the shower. We love it. The 
Italian design meets American function. We absolutely love this product. It s beautiful in appearance, handy to use, quickly collapse and store even in a shallow drawer, and easy to 
A great addition to multi-cat households!. We bought two of the large Omega Paws a while back just to try out after the LitterMaid robotic litterbox failed to live up 
absolutly pleased. Brought this item as a christmas gift. The person I was giving it to was extremely pleased and several people in the office wanted to know where I 
the best cookware. Awesome cookware. Cleans up really easy, and looks good too  
Great product. No longer have to deal with 4-5 charging cords tangled on my counter. Great for organizing and recharging iPods, cell phones, PDAs, and digital cameras. Our kids charge 
Easy to Use - Fantastic Cleaning Machine. I rented the Rug Doctor to clean my area rugs on Memorial Day weekend and by July 4th weekend my carpets got dirtier 
LOVE this set!. I was a bit worried when I read the reviews about their large size. However, I was pleastantly surprised. They are the same size as the other 
a good knife to start... what to say about,- its stamped- its cheap- is sharp enough for standard tasks- not a smart idea to fillet a fish with it, works... 
Mikasa Italian Countryside Stainless Flatware. Items arrived quickly and in good condition. I ordered 12 place settings. We ve enjoyed using the flatware, though one spoon has rust spots on 
Your next worthwhile wine toy. I saw this work this weekend at a Silicon Valley kitchen warming party. Everyone watched with glee as this particular German s toy sprayed the 
Spend your money on good scotch...and good glasses. These are amazing glasses--they dramatically increase the experience of a fine scotch. While I imagine they would work for any aromatic spirit, 
Beautiful knives. I spent the money and I love them. I read reviews about the handles being too bulky for those with small hands but I have had no problem 
We love this curtain. My husband and I just bought this curtain for our main bathroom. It seems to have opened up the room. The clear panel brings more light 
Good machine for price. I was looking for an inexpensive sewing machine to sew craft items, and to sew through thick fabrics. This machine was a replacement for a machine 
Great product. Looked all over for these and had to order via the internet. Got lucky. These are just exactly what I wanted and at the right price  
cleans and humidifies - could be cheaper. The political commentary on Germany of one reviewer notwithstanding, this thing works. I have 3 of them. I don t need fancy measuring 
An excellent investment from the masters of knives. In kitchens since 1814, Wusthof knives are crafted in Solingen, Germany and come with a lifetime warranty. As one of the premier 
Great, but... I needed a saucepan to cook oatmeal in that would let go on the bits that stick to the bottom. Sounds silly, but I love oatmeal and hate 
Classy looking and functional collar. I ordered this collar because I didn t like the looks design of the kitty collars I found in the pet stores. Also, at the 
Highly Recommended if you cook Chinese Foods. It is a great wok with deep height and wide width, I can steam a whole fish without any problem. It is stain 
This has made a difference!. The product came quickly and seems to really be helping our 15 year old cat. She d been limping pretty badly beforehand and is walking 
Just the best. I had several bread machines before my Zojirushi, and they baked ok but with my Zojirushi is just amazing, I bake the most delicious and gorgeous breads, 
The ultimate lasagna pan!. I have been thrilled with the heft and quality of the Le Creuset poterie line - and this is no exception. After years of trial and 
Everything I wanted in a stock pot. I needed a stainless steel stockpot to make a big batch of mango chutney and this one was cheap enough not to worry 
Great Vacuum for wood floors!. I just bought this at Target yesterday and used it today for the first time. I love that it is lightweight. I am 7 months 
Great Product. We love the pressure cooker so far. We have canned chicken and hamburger and it is great  
Perfect!!. I bought this to replace my nine-inch Revere 1801 skillet. I love it and the lid for my old skillet fits this one perfectly. I m very happy with 
Surprised. I found this product to be well worth it s price. Constructing them was not complicated and all the parts fit well. We are very happy with them  
Reliable Juice Extractor!!. After reading few reviews on this juicer, i decided to get one. It s a fantastic juicer and pretty comparable to the Breville one. I had a 
Cristal D Arques Longchamp Sugar & Creamer. Good product. Gave it a 4 star rating instead of a 5 star because the glasses are a little less heavy thick as 
Great cheap electric kettle. I ve used one of these for almost a year now and I find it perfect for my needs. Heats up a big mugful of water 
cant complain. cant compain with this item , its pink, heavy duty with a thing to go over the blade so it wont dull fast..cute convienant and cuts like a 
Hot summer, no sweat!. I had been unable to find insulated glasses to replace an old set I had. I was greatly pleased when I checked online and found not 
A Must Read!. We have owned other Hoover steam cleaners. They did a terrific job but all ended up leaking. We purchased a Bissel and returned it due to the 
Worked Perfectly. I went away for the weekend and left it for my cat. It was easy to set up and worked perfectly  
Super!. It is hard to find spoons for tall drinks. These are excellent quality- nice heft and good looking as well. Highly recommend  
I love this timer!. I had a cheapo analog timer that died so I bought this one to replace it. It was super easy to set the time and is 
great popper. Works great, I love the cup on the top where you can put in some olive oil and crushed garic then pour it over the corn  
My cats rate it 3 . This arrived in perfect condition, looks good, is easy to operate, and the lid fits tightly enough that all yucky smells are kept inside. 
Gets the Job done-. I bought this as a gift for my husband-after reading a hundred reviews made my choice. This little machine doesn t do anything fancy- it grinds 
Top GRIND. This little puppy works great. I would buy it again. Only two things bug me. One: Very noisy....have to lock myself in the bathroom and grind so I 
It works good, when it is not broken. First, the bad. I received this item with a broken lid and missing pieces -- namely the 4 little bowls that are 
Beware the condition of your purchase. I have the same rice cooker except with induction heating and wanted to purchase this item as a wedding gift. Well, when I get 
Not worth the money!!!!!. These sheets are aweful. They are so wrinkly and stiff. I should have listened to all of the other reviewers when they said the same thing. 
BUY THE ORIGINAL, INVENTED BY A WOMAN: FLIPFOLD. This is an imitation: the original is Flipfold , also sold on Amazon. Flipfold was invented by a woman and is a 
Flimsy. I bought this expecting it to be made of canvas, as in tent canvas. This is more like the texture of a bed sheet. It collapses if you barely 
Not as versatile as a cordless vacuum!. I wanted to like this product. I looked forward to its arrival. The day it came, I unpacked it and raced to sweep 
Appliance Decent - Danby Service Does Not Exist. Updated - See below Do not buy this machine, or any other Danby product for that matter, because their customer service is 
One of the worst excuses for a fish tank. Six inches by five by seven? Think of your average child-size shoebox, and cut that in half-- that s about the 
Bowl motor burned out while mixing first batch of cookies. I bought my Sunbeam 450-watt Heritage Series stand mixer at Kohl s yesterday afternoon and I woke up bright an 
Cheap-y... This recliner is NOT meant for a big person. If you are small under 5 5 and 130 lbs. then you may fit nicely. The material is a thin 
Light weight pan. I received this a few days ago and was disappointed in the quality. Today I saw a donut kit for 5.99 at AJ Wright. It had this 
Doesn t get as hot as it should. At first I thought this was a great product. If you only make cheese fondue it is great. The pot is very 
Dangerous. I took the new Oggi breadbox out of its box and began to wash it. The sharp slit on the inside of the breadbox cut my finger so badly 
don t think of buying it. I am returning this product as it doesn t work well as it is advertised. It takes longer time as well dough sticks too. 
looks good, cheaply made. My husband brought home this neat black coffee maker, deliberately choosing one without a timer - the less bells and whistles the less can go wrong 
Terrible. These are hard to get on the dog s feet - they re hard to get adjusted, and they will not stay on! If he steps in just a 
SmartBrew a dumb purchase. While the price is right, it brews a quick cup of joe, and its has a little more capacity than most 4-cup machines, thats about where 
Half bottle decantor. Buyer beware! This is being advertised here as easily holding a 750 ml bottle of wine. Yes, it will hold one 750 ml bottle but it is 
Doesn t fit Emerilware Stainless Pans. Tried this in all my Emerilware Stainless Pans and it won t fit any of them. I had to send it back  
Yeah not so much... Washed them once before using and now they look really old. They have loose threads hanging out in several places and have small balls all over 
Burns rice. I purchased this to replace my old rice veggie steamer and I am so disappointed. It has burned the rice all four times I have used it. I 
Do not purchase this dangerous toy. Within the first five minutes of play one of the wire rings broke and punctured the fabric. This is a very dangerous product. I 
Not as expected. I like the thickness of the spoon but did not like the length of the spoon, it would have been perfect if it was few more inches 
Great looking but not functional!. I was first drawn to this shaker for 2 reasons. 1 it looked sexy as hell and 2 OXO normally makes great kitchen tools. When 
I am mad!!. My mother in law has had the 315 canner for many years and it still works well. We bought the 921 and have had nothing but grief! 
Worked great.........at first. Was happy with this toaster until I had it for about 4 months.At that time the lever started acting up by not staying down.Sometimes it worked other 
RIval NO Customer Service. I recieved one of these for Christmas, I would love to tell you how it works.....but it is missing a plastic piece. Now to be fair, 
Do Not Bother!. I purchased this set of canisters with the expectation that they would serve there purpose. First off the canisters were ordered on December 6th and did not 
Buyer Beware - FALSE PICTURE ALERT!!. As of 9 Dec 2005, the product picture shows the filter as being for a PUR Ultimate system, but what is actually sent are 
54 divider, no crate. I was confused by the pic and now i have this 54 divider, with no crate to go with it, AWESOME! :  
Wrong Bowls sent and returned twice Billing a BIG question. I never received the large bowls. The small cereal bowls were sent twice quickly but wrong size both times and 
Picks up Great....For 5 minutes. I loved this vacuum initially. You can even see how much dirt it s picking up! However, the shape of the filter severely limits suction 
NOISY KITCHENAID. A VERY BIG DISAPPOINTMENT. AND I BOUGHT IT AS A GIFT FOR MY DAUGHTER. THE MIXER IS INCREDIBLY LOUD --- NOT AT ALL THE QUALITY OF MY 25-YEAR-OLD 
milano mocha chair. This has been a nightmare. When I received the chair I couldn t wait to put it together. However the holes for the screws were too big 
Coffee Pot. Works good except for with the Cappicuion pods they dont brew throughly. But makes great coffee  
Close but no cigar... Can t find a cup that works with it. Probably not with the 15  
Did Not Like At All. My Grandmother had one of these in her kitchen and I can remember all the kids fighting over who got to sit on the stool 
don t buy this product!!!. We bought this humidifier as the low-cost alternative when our kids were sick this week. It s horrible! We re returning it today! When this 
You never know what you ll get I guess. I ordered this item but the platter I received has a completely different flower pattern in blue! I really wanted the 
Very Disappointing. There is nothing good I can say about this coffee maker. It leaks and makes terrible tasting coffee. This is by no means a small leak...water goes all 
THUMBS DOWN. This fan does not have enough power to even come close to blowing out the hot air from even the smallest room. Go for the industrial strength, expensive 
Third Time s a LOT of Crumbs!. I bought this vacuum after a series of decidedly poor vacuums, thinking that being a college student, this was expensive! a little bit 
Size does matter!. The size of this item is not diameter, its the length of the handle to the end of the tip on the strainer. the diameter is 3-4 
Smaller than U think, flimsy. This step stool is not worth it - the steps that are shown extended in the photo connect only via a plastic groove in the 
UGH!. I got this vacuum as a x-mas present and couldn t believe how strong it was and how well it worked, I loved it! Then halfway through the very 
Lacks quality. The latch broke when I opened the box. The dividers are cardboard and are not secure. However, customer service was great  
It s OK but I found something better finally!. I use about a bottle every summer and don t love this product who could! : but it works pretty well. 
Defective. The chef knife in the set I received has forging defect. The support person kept telling me that Henckels had almost perfect quality control. The knives should not have 
Died after a few uses, no help from KitchenAid. I am becoming steadily more disillusioned with the KitchenAid brand. This blender is only one of several KA appliances I have 
Works great for up to one year. This is a great working water kettle if you re willing to buy a new one once a year. We had three now, 
it sucked - i ve sent it back. more thought needs to be put into the design of this produc  
Don t buy this item. I ve had this toaster for a year now. If it weren t a gift, sent from out of town, I would have returned it 
don t buy this model. Poor carafe design makes this Mr. Coffee machine a waste of money. We bought this model to replace our old Mr. Coffe machine after we 
Still....a broken wire. Since the reviews about broken wires were both written well over 1-2 years ago, I thought surely the problem had been corrected. Why would a company continue 
Don t walk away, it will change weight. I totally agree with the last review of this scale. By the time I weighed out the next ingredient to be added 
Not for everyone. Well I had really high hopes when I got this for Christmas... and even before I tried it for the first time I read through all of 
Very small and very strange. This is the strangest foot stool I have ever seen. It looks like something out of Alice In Wonderland. My toy poodle loves it. The 
Tend skin evolves!. I have used Tendskin since college and while I can t say that I like it, it does work. My girlfriend introduced me to the Min Solution2 
lower heating elements. I bought this so I could easily bake small items without having to heat up a regular oven, and because my trusty toaster finally bit the dust. 
fatal problems. I bought this particular lever corkscrew because I read a very favorable review in Consumer Reports. It is all metal which is necessary because the lever action actually 
Defective trigger. Do not buy the Shark Portable Steamer under any circumstances. The trigger mechanism is defective and fails after a few uses, causing all of the steam to leak 
No good. How do people say this works? I would say this picks up 1 10 of 1 particles...at the most candle soot! I have owned mine for 1.5 years.Save 
Junk. Do not buy. Will break!. I bought five of these units about six months ago and used each as a timer to prevent my cordless phones from overcharging. I 
Not all I thought it would be. The detector was simple enough to use, although it required alot of batteries 8 . But the results were mixed. Urine markings were 
Not what I was hoping for. I bought the yellow version of this step stool - my grandma used to have one just like it, or so I thought. This 
Gets cold in the back-- REALLY cold. For the most part, this refridgerator has done a good job keeping the drinks cold, and the size is reasonable: small on the 
The product is fine......Euro Pro is a problem. I loved this when we first got it home. I m handicapped and can t push a big vacuum. So, this was 
TOO BIG TO HANDLE !!. This particular model is simply unsuitable for use, as the girth of this glass is too large to hold securely. Although impressive visually, the execution 
Not good. The wire broke off as I was slicing my first slice of chedder cheese. Needless to say, I do NOT recommend this cheese slicer. Last I checked, they 
Factory Direct Return Policy. Make sure this is the product you want. The cost to return this was 20 of original price plus shipping  
Dazed and Confused!!. After reading mostly rave reviews on this fryer, I ordered it with great anticipation. I should have heeded the other reviews and purchased a different fryer. Taking 
Cheap. Very thin and unsteady. Couldn t open it without having to hold the back of it. It wobbled side to side as I was forcing it to open. I 
Piece of Junk. The door on the dishwasher does not shut properly. The top drawer is hard to get in and out. The metal prongs on the bottom shelf which 
Yeah not so much... Washed them once before using and now they look really old. They have loose threads hanging out in several places and have small balls all over 
Disappointed. Thought it would be great, but actually scared my dog and when he got over his fear he was unable to get near enough to play with it.Needless to 
Remember those childrens cell phone toy? This is a childrens workout kit. Worthless for any adult. It s a great concept although resistance is almost useless. I m in my 
Less than 30 days quit working. Sold as new. Seller offered to refund or replace, but requested the item be returned in the original box, which I don t have 
Didn t work as advertised. Got one as a Christmas present - great concept, but the performance falls well short of the promise.As another reviewer noted, wine from my wine 
Same experience, exactly, as Jerry s. My pump just up and quit after several years...and it didn t always work great, but when it did, it was ideal.So I ll 
Don t bother with this model. Read the description carefully. It states the speaker range is 50 not the microphone. My dog stood 10 away from it and even with 
Fablous Glue. The manufacturers of the this pan have the most wonderful glue to stick a label to the surface of the pan. It took me 2 hours to get 
Worst filter. I am totally dissatisfy with this product and this is damn waste of money. Brita base was working for just 2 week initially and now I able to 
Ugh - should always read reviews first!. I just bought this vacuum cleaner today, and after not liking it I decided to check out some of the reviews. Why I 
Leaks. I thought this product was great at first but after a few months it started leaking. After a few days of coming home to a coffee covered counter I 
Bad. My heater worked fine, except it never heats the room to the temperature i select. It is always five or more degrees cooler. Not very pleased! Don t waste 
More about aesthetics than function. This is a very good-looking filter. We used to live in Orlando where the water tastes like sewage, so a good filtration system was a 
Good in small doses. I bought this feeder to take care of my cats while I was away on weekends. At first everything was great so I kept it running 
Great...until. This machine worked great! I used it about five times and was very impressed. My kids loved it. But after the fifth time it broke.  
My Real Rating is 0 Stars. If you want to waste your money on a useless product, then buy shedender. The people that give it a decent review on this 
Never Recieved. Can t Rate This Because I Never Recieved It. Ordered It 2 Months Ago,My Credit Card Was Charged But I Have Not Recieved The Item. Actions Will Follow 
Don t waste you money... All of the shears are very cheaply made. The cutting shears for flowers are ridiculous. Small, plastic, lightweight, not a quality product at all. Considering 
Cheap Plastic!!!. Looks nice. This is plastic. Did not last even for 2 months. We use very light items like cookies, etc to move around .  
Worked Great for a Year ... and then it malfunctioned and burnt me. When my husband and I first got our waffle maker, we couldn t believe how well it 
Terrible Choice. I had this blender for 3-4 years and was very unhappy with it. The design is poor liquids tend to dribble terribly when poured , the motor seems 
Doesn t work after a couple of weeks. At first it worked, then it worked intermittently not a good thing! , and now it just doesn t work at all. 
Maybe the worst engineered piece of equipment I ve ever seen. Bought one. It quit working within 6 weeks. The litter box lid never did fit correctly, and the unit 
SOOOO FRUSTRATED. Listen, I have bought several of these book lights, every time they break. It is not the bulb, or the plug or the batteries, it is the wiring. 
Don t waste you money. We purchased this purcolator for Christmas 2003. Every other pot is weaker than tea, many grounds are left in the bottom of the pot. Once 
Worst cleaning product ever purchased. Before I purchased this product, I read several reviews, many of them very favorable. This product was also recommended by the grout cleaning restoring company 
Just not a good item. I just don t like this item. Got it as a wedding gift and have hardly used it because it sucks, plain and simple. Don 
Fantastic at first, but... ...after two months, a piece of the filter broke off. After 3 months, the carafe cracked and sent coffee and glass spilling everywhere. Cuisinart was kind 
Why I m buying another espresson carafe. I just bought the Krups espresso machine at costco yesterday and the carafe breaks on me. Its super fragile but i don t 
a dissappointment from gasp!! Le crueset?. Don t waste your money. One of the few badly made LeCrueset products I m a huge fan of their enameled cast iron. Get 
Looks great but lousy in practice. Corkscrew has a nice heavy duty feel and does a good job of getting the cork out once you get the corkscrew into the 
Commercial is total bull. I have a hefty tortoise-shell Manx who is constantly shedding. I saw the commercial for this product, and the gobs of hair it removed from the 
No replacement. Although its description said it is a replacement carafe also for a different model, for which I bought it, it did not fit at all. I felt it 
Save your money.... This product did a terrible job of grinding and produced very inconsistant pepper grinds. In addition, it was very hard to keep peppricorns fed into the grinder 
good pop corn but lid broke. The pop corn is very good, but the lid broke. I am going to look for one that has a solid metal top. But 
Worse product I ve ever bought. I bought this set thinking is was going to look nice for a while due to the name brand and the price. Wrong... This 
blows hot air !!. If the air outside is hot, then the fan blows out hot air! Only if the air is cold will the fan blow cold air.Because the 
Customer service sucks at Vitamix. I just bought the latest model the 5000 and the machine is good but the price is quoted wrong. According to the Manager of Vitamix 
good for vacations. I got this product to provide water to my cats while I m away on short trips. The product is a bit noisy, so if you live 
Coffee pot good, espresso maker not good. I love having a combination machine. However, the espresso maker really, really does not work well. When you tamp down the coffee grounds 
All hype. The only thing I noticed was that with Bounce, my clothes have no static cling. With dryer balls instead of Bounce, lots of static cling!Drying time remained the 
Poor performance. This brand was my 2nd Delonghi thermal carafe model in 2 months, after the first one broke after 5 weeks. This one worked wonderfully for about 4 weeks 
does not work. i got 2 bottles it does not work and was a waste of money. cat attract cat litter works better  
Screen filter makes weak coffee. I bought one of these because I thought it would make it easier to brew fresh ground coffee. The beans are ground in a chamber 
Didn t last long. We ve used this rice cooker not more than 3 times. It was put away and we forgot about it for a few months and then 
Had problems with larger strong dogs. I used the sporn for 2 large huskies; I found that when one dog pulled, the other suddenly had a much shorter lead. In 
I should have paid attention to the review I read. One of the reviews said that the bottom came off of the canisters immediately. I ordered them anyway, rationalizing that 
Define a large dog. In the product details it says this leash can be used for very large dogs. So I purchased two for my labrador s. The package arrives 
never worked. I ordered one which never worked, the replacement did not work as well. Water does not come through the filter, strange blinking of the lights. Just big frustration. 
This is NOT your mother s RevereWare!. I was greatly disappointed with this product. It did not have the traditional heavy copper and stainless bottom and sides that I expect 
Very Disappointing. I purchased this for Christmas 2003 wish I had read the reviews . Auto shut off did not work, grounds in the bottom of the pot, and the 
Rival 22W? Beverage Warmer. I don t know what I had for years, but it finally died on me. It was great always had a nice piping hot cup of 
DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY. Thank gawd I didn t purchase this product! My landlord has it in my apartment and I have to hang dry everything because it doesn t 
I never needed this!. I agree with the below! Why it is on the necessary kitchen gadgets lists I do not know! It just sits collecting dust in my drawer, 
kitchenaid surprise. I bought this spinner because I love my KitchenAid mixer, a workhorse that has never disappointed. This spinner however, has problems. It has a confusing design, a handle 
Cheaply Made. Instead of hangers to hold this up they use velcro. This puts strain at the top and eventually cracks the thin peice of wood holding it straight. Great 
Beautiful But Dangerous: Buy For Display Use Only. The Fiestaware Scarlet mugs are beautiful but dangerous. The handle is much too small for this size mug. If you can get 
A great idea on paper that fails the kitchen reality test. We bought all three sizes of collapsible Rubbermaid containers from Amazon. Right off the bat I noticed that the 
Not what I expected. Much smaller and lighter than I expected. I own a set of Calphalon and all pieces are very heavy. It s like another reviewer indicated, its 
nonstick?. I bought this waffle iron about 6 months ago. We make waffles almost every morning. After about 2 months I needed to spray Pam every time I used it. 
These solid red sheets are a bright, pretty color. I was disappointed at how much these sheets wrinkle in the dryer. I have purchased more reasonably priced bed sheets that 
Coffee Press way too small. This french press made a delicious cup of coffee. The problem is that it is advertised as a 3 cup coffeemaker. I returned it and 
Another Rip-Off. This is no slip cover but a square piece of cloth. If it had holes, it would be a shower curtain. It runs small as the one I 
There is NO Certification on this Replacement FILTER. There is no certification on this or the original filter. Ten stages, twenty stages or 100 stages. I am glad that people 
Went through three in a week . . . We purchased this blender at a local home improvement store, thinking the well-respected name, 600 watt motor, and glass pitcher would 
NOT Scientific -- NOT a Positive Training Tool. Before you buy into the hype and purchase an item you ll eventually discard if you love your dog, that is you 
Great fun for the dog. It is a great toy. Our Sheltie could catch a ball in the air when he was only 10 weeks old and is ball crazy. 
Seal Leaves A Lot to Be Desired. I bought these because they matched my dishes. I really wish I d kept my old ones, even though they were black. The 
I should just burn my money next time!. This is the most rediculous vacuum I have ever owned. At first I thought wow what a buy. It had such wonderful 
Great if you like boxed cakes. I purchased this book because I have a lot of bundt pans. I was disappointed to see almost half the recipes involved a box 
junk, one year later. I bought one of these a year or so ago, and now it sits idle on my counter. It started producing sub-par results after about 9 
Big and Useless. My husband bought this item for me at Costco for around 40. It looks impressive...but its performance proves that looks can fool you. First of all, iy 
Too bulky. While the dimensions of this product were certainly given in the description and I take some responsibility for not getting my tape measure out, the picture gave me 
Not impressed. I also own both the salt ball and the pepper ball and have to disagree with the previous reviewer; I find both useful at the table but very 
 Projectile Toast . Nice looking toaster, makes fairly good toast if toasting two slices of bread toasting one slice only toasts on one side , but have one MAJOR 
The missing set. I can t really review this set as I have not received it and it has been over a month. I ve sent 2 emails to the 
Not recommended. This griddle performed very poorly and I will not be keeping it. It cooked very unevenly the left side of a 4-inch pancake was almost burned, while the 
Dry Ham for Christmas anyone?. I bought this before Christmas to use when cooking holiday meals and to try for potential gifts. It turned out to be a bad idea. 
Don t Bother. I wish that I could give this item less than 1 star. It worked well the first couple of times that used it. After that, it seemed 
Don t buy this machine. I ve had mine for about a year and a half and have hated it most of this time. It would work ok for a 
Not so sturdy - it fell apart. This thing basically self destructed the first week. The handle pieces wouldn t stay together and when I pushed down on the handle 
Worse product I ve ever bought. I bought this set thinking is was going to look nice for a while due to the name brand and the price. Wrong... This 
Don was right... the lid leaks. I only used the cup 4 times before my trying to get the lid back on not exactly easy because of push on design 
Terrible Battery Life. I used this item about 10 times total over a four month period. The battery will not work at all any longer. Do not buy a shark 
Very Underwehlmed. Top does not heat up enough to sear what you put into the pan. Also, it s very, very hard to clean. I am really disappointed by this 
Stopped working after 2 months. This mixer was highly reviewed at the time we bought it, but ours started conking out randomly after only 2 months -- it would work 
Waste of money ... This cricket keeper is a waste of money. While the black tubes with clear caps on the ends of the tubes are a good idea to 
Poor spigot design = leaking & inaccessible water. This product is markedly inferior to its main competitor, the Pur 2-Stage Dispenser. Specifically, I found two main flaws:1. The spigot draws 
Toaster Queen. My eyes must have gotten glazed over from reviewing zillions of toasters because I missed an important feature! The width of the size bread is very limited. I 
One star only because there s no option for zero stars. I bought one of these last year, and put it up in our yard just five feet from the 
not sateen. the sheets say they are sateen, but feel more like basic cotton or flannel. Since I was really going for that cotton sateen feel, i m not impressed.i 
Don t even THINK about buying this piece of junk!. If your idea of a good time is to spend an hour cleaning coffee grounds out of EVERYTHING after every 
Order stuck in limbo. I have an order stuck in limbo that Amazon claims they cannot remove from their system. I ordered two Roomba products together back in Dec-2006. According 
URGUNT. IF YOU VALUE YOUR HEALTH!. NO STARS! I recently have come to find that not only does this coffee maker have all of the defects others have stated, but 
Worst waffle maker I have ever used. This product is the worst there is. I purchased it in a Target store going by the Oster name. It takes forever for 
Lifetime Gaurantee Wire. Just a few words...when I received the new cheese slicer the Lifetime Gaurantee Wire was broken in the package. Now I have a lifetime of hassle with 
horrible product & waste of money. just stick down the adhesive and slide the plastic part over it! your problems are solved! WRONG! i followed the directions 100 and within 
Just one temerature - HIGH. Bad product. I only use this crockpot for soups, temp is way too hot for other dishes. I have one with a divided crock which 
Defective Controls. This was a great toaster, until it starting turning itself on. After popping up the toast a few minutes later the heating elements will come back on. KitchenAid 
DO NOT BUY. THESE ARE VERY POOR QUALITY!. I read the two other bad reviews here and just bought 9 of these anyway. I was stupid. I had bought one 
Great idea, too bad it doesn t work. I bought this for my mother-in-law at her request. She has arthritis and saw it on TV. She also wanted the free 
Not a Good Choice for Most Home Users. I was looking for a professional-quality coffee maker for use in my HOME. I am hard on appliances. I loved the idea 
Deluxe? Try Cheap . I decided to return this about 45 seconds after opening it. The metal is thin and flimsy, and the construction very poor e.g., little plastic end 
Everything sticks. Not long ago I bought a Le Creuset non-stick omelete frying pan and was very satisfied with it. The size of that pan was a bit small so 
Not worth the money. My kids think this is a better toy than our dog. Wasn t worth the money I paid for it. Comes apart too easy  
It does NOT work. This product does not work, is ugly, and - worst of all - is expensive. The makers should be ashamed of themselves. Using different types of 
Made in CHINA, need I say more?. Almost every China made product that I use is of the worst quality and these are no exception. I bought this set and 
but vacuum cleaners are SUPPOSED to suck!. I was wooed by the hype: It s cute. It s small. It s sparkly green. To be honest, I m not much 
Poor quality. Why does this light cost 30 ? For this price and supposedly a bunch of design awards , I find this light to be of extremely poor quality. 
Pan received not pan pictured. Pan received wil not be pan pictured. Pan will look like Kaiser Bakeware Nobless 7-inch springform pan, model#751603. Pan sent will have correct item#51842 on 
The Picture Is Wrong. The picture in the item description shows a dark red, which would have matched our kitchen colors. Be aware though that these are close to an 
Does not run well, and messy too. I have used this vacuum for over a year now. I consistently have trouble with the belts staying on. I cannot count the 
8 Inch Quiche Pan. We ordered an 8 inch quiche pan.When it arrived, the Nordic 8 inch pan turned out to be 9 inches. A 9 inch quiche pan can 
Beware. This carafe DOES NOT fit DCC-1000 despite the website s claim that it fits Cuisinart 12-cup coffeemakers. It may fit other models, but definitely does not fit the DCC-1000 
Its ok. This pillow is all right, but it is a bit too soft. It also hardly has any height and with the softness, if you sleep on your side 
ARRIVED BROKEN. I WAS DISAPPOINTED WHEN IT ARRIVED IN PIECES. THEY DIDN T PACK THIS WELL AND I HAD TO SEND IT BACK. I WAS IMPRESSED BY THE FREE RETURN 
Poor Merchandise. This towel start falling apart after one wash and a tumble dry on low--one inch strings were sticking out all over the surface and little balls of frabric 
Disappointed. I read the reviews and thought I d buy the table anyway and hopefully be lucky. Well I wasn t, a corner of it was damaged and the paint 
Sanyo SC-X1000P Canister Vacuum. My wife and I have used this machine for several weeks now. We found it to be a great machine for the price. Others complained about 
This is NOT non-stick!. Hate this griddle. Everything sticks, and has done since I bought it. I have tried everything I can think of to get it to work, without 
Sheds small fibers. The towel is quite soft, however after using it, your body will be covered with small fibers all over. - not recommended  
Great Coffee, Very Bad Reliability. I initially bought this coffeemaker because I remembered my Dad s Sunbeam Silex type coffeemaker. It made great coffee and so does the Bodum. Problem 
DO NOT BUY THIS IRONING BOARD!. I bought this one in Bed, Bath & Beyond. The cotton cover is so thin that it tore within a month of use and 
Zap. It doesn t zap the yap of our newly adopted Pomeranian mix. Although we have seen her jump once or twice and it appeared to be the zap that 
For the price,not worth it!. I bought this coffeemaker 6 weeks ago and the burner plate is pealing.I also discovered after I had water and coffee grounds all over,that you 
Weak, Weak coffee. I bought the eco pods but I have been disappointed because the coffee just seems too weak for my liking. I have tried it about 3 times. 
No Heat. This takes hours to heat up and the only thing that gets hot is the radiator itself - none of the air in my tiny living room was 
Don t waste your money. I bought this product hoping it would solve my problem with my barking terrier. He didn t even notice it was there. I put it 
Cutting Board Phew!!!. We bought a Cutting Board - Midnight Granite 14 x 17 from Target and after a few cuts it has deep cut marks and is a waste 
Deceptive Sizing. In the twentieth century, and before, cast iron pans had the size stamped on them which told you the diameter of the cooking surface. Twenty-five years ago I 
not what I expected. oversized is a big word for these towels and the quality of the cotton used is very low. I washed them once and they already shrank. 
Zelco Real Wall Clock. Clock is smaller than I thought, and is only intended to take up about a square foot of wall. Made of cheap materials, definitely not worth 
Stay away from Igloo products!!. I purchased an Igloo refrigerator and within a few weeks it completely stopped working. Curtis International Igloo s parent company has terrible customer service and 
Horrible. This vacuum hardly picks up anything. The blower on it blows the dirt away from it, so it can t pick it up. The noise is so loud, it 
BEWARE: DeLonghi does NOT stand behind their warranty!. Although their coffeemakers do an excellent job of making coffee, DeLonghi WILL USE ANY EXCUSE NOT TO HONOR THE WARRANTY IF ANYTHING 
Worst vacuum cleaner I ve ever owned. The belt comes off all the time. Sometimes I can use it for a few minutes, but most of the time, I can 
Broken within a year. I had the same experience as the other reviewers. The kettle looks great but started to leak when filled over the half way mark. After a 
Don t do it. I purchsed this kettle about half a year ago and it s already broken. The switch kept turning off automatically before boiling. On top of that 
Shocked by all the good reviews.... I, like a few others, am shocked by the good reviews some folks have given this machine - if they have pets, they obviously 
FOOLED ME TWICE... SHAME ON ME!. I first purchased the blue Shark Cordless sweeper which did not swivel. one day the cheap plastic connector where the handle bar meets the 
dish drain. Not the item I expected to receive. Seemed more plastic and smaller than I needed. I don t believe it was advertised incorrectely, it just wasn t the 
Poor Quality !!!!. I have had this knife set for just over 2 months and the knives are starting to rust! They have only been handwashed, as reccomended. I would 
Worst cheese slicer ever. I was tired of replacing wires on myold cheese slicer every couple of years.The blade bends through a block ofcheese. It doesnt provide a straightcut.  
Beautiful But Dangerous: Buy For Display Use Only. The Fiestaware Scarlet mugs are beautiful but dangerous. The handle is much too small for this size mug. If you can get 
it leaks. poor quality, the cover leaks, I had to return it back, DO NOT BUY  
Not worth it!. I received this Jewelry Cleaner and maybe I had to high expectations, it just doesn t clean well. I tried my wedding ring a watch a diamond 
Not great. I bought these because I liked the idea, but the wipes always leave streaks and dry out too quickly. I definitely won t buy them again  
Could not get the ecopads to work. I really made a mistake and bought 2 sets, thinking I could always have extras ready. I tried all types of grinds, I 
Santa fe Cookie Jar. I gave this 1 star only because of its looks. There isn t a seal on lid so cookies don t stay fresh.Put cookies in one 
Nice as a one season sheet set. I have to admit that I love this set. Especially since I found it hard to find white flannel sheets. Most have some 
doesn t pick up the dirt. It blows the dirt around and it doesn t matter how many times I go over the carpet, I end up just going back 
Loud and Fast. Somehow I stumbled onto this item while searching for quiet and fan . Now that I review the item description I don t see any mention of 
Badly Made. I returned the item because it fell apart as I was attempting to put it together - cheap, compressed wood by-products and card board. Even though I did 
It never worked!. I received the clock in good condition, but, even though I tried several batteries, it never worked. I did not return it because the shipping would have 
Rusty knives and worse customer service. I got these knives as a gift. Ironically, the first thing to rust was the part of each knife stamped Stainless Steel .Let s 
Very Disappointing. I bought this after reading reviews on the oxo travel mug. Many said it kept things very warm for a long period of time. My experience is to 
Brother 5300 sewing machine carrying case. I returned this item because it was too big for the Brother ES2000 sewing machine I bought. It was very bulky and took up 
I actually bought this twice!. Save yourself a lot of trouble and DON T BUY THIS ONE! The first time I bought it, it worked for about 2 weeks, then 
dead on arival. my wife recived the roses the next day of the order in a box. the roses were dead and black. she thought i was mad at her. 
Don t buy. Seriously disappointed. It simply doesn t work well. I am giving it a #1 because I will use it for warming foods, the purchase price wasn t 
Bottles are not full !. I recieved 2 bottles that were not even half full. I did try and clean the bottom of a skillet and I didn t see 
Krups FMF5. This coffee maker is not up to the usual Krups standard. The latch to open the coffee filter doesn t always work. Everything on this machine looks and 
Love Mario s Stuff, but not this. This spoon is definatley note the same quality as his other spoons and utensiles. The slots cut in the spoon are left with 
Effective, but unergonomic and fatiguing. Okay, I bought for the price. And it is effective enough. But it is very clumsy and unergonomic, so that after a couple minutes of 
Turbine Tool should be recalled. For the Animal DC17 to be such a great vacuum, I thought I was using the turbine tool incorrectly. After reading the reviews I realize 
Worst pillow ever. This pillow was good for about a month, altho a bit too firm. Then, sorry to say, it wouldn t fluff any more, got lumpy, and is 
Poor quality. Its pretty poor quality, however, as shakey as this item is, its still hase not fallen apart.. so it gets a two  
rival 1060-c. well built, take apart to clean, very noisy and the setting for the width of slicing moves to much and thickness changes  
not really odor-free. Sorry, but I can still smell the odor. Plastics absorb odor. After a couple of weeks the smell permeated the whole contraption. Also, the tube bag thing 
Wanted Red. I too received a white instead of the red that I ordered. I received an email stating that they are out of stock because they are unavailable from 
Doesn t keep my yappy Cairn from barking... He just looks away from where the spray emits--and barks again!It also doesn t work 100 of the time...and we re not 
Though beautiful, alas, mine rusted too... One shouldn t have to empty water out after every use. One shouldn t be punished with a rusty teapot for leaving water in 
Not hot enough. Doesn t get hot enough to suit me. It needs more design watts.  
Buy ecopads - they work - these don t. I have been using the ecopads sold on Amazon for a couple of months. Once I got the hang of it 
Not worth the headaches. This product does work and produces great tasting water--for a while. I thought maybe we d done something to make it leak, but a guest said 
Brother 5300 Universal Sewing Machine Carrying Case. Do not bother to buy this sewing machine case. It is crappy! Don t be fooled by the Universal phrase of this product. 
It s ok. Not bad. The three feet on the bottom just makes the whole thing unstable and does not help to stabilize the holder. It s ok for the 
Royal Velvet Pillows. These pillows were over rated and the description on Amamzon not accurate.We are very disapointed and could have done better and cheaper at Wal Mart  
Tools. These are great towels if you can get them. They are very soft and a great price but I ordered them in December and they came in one at 
arrived DOA. Looked foward to trying out my new oven. 5 minutes after first test, the upper elements failed to come on. Very dissapointed to say the least. Krups needs 
Poorly Designed Product. I bought 3 of these to monitor my invalid mom and they don t work well. The manual is not thorough, but it does tell you AFTER 
Inexpensive, yes, but still not worth it. These are more like 200-250 thread count. Soft at first, but after a couple of washings, they feel rough, loose their shape, and 
Waste of 100. Like many of the other reviewers, I have experienced the same problems. At first the steamer appeared to work O.K. However, it soon began to leak steam 
Doesn t work with brown rice. I have tried 4 times to cook brown rice. I feel like Goldilocks; too crunchy, a little crunchy & all mush. When I increased 
VERY VERY LOUD. I agree with the review that say it sound like a coffee grinder. And we also made all the adjustments. Our cat is terrified of it and 
Oil filled may not stay that way - Mine leaks and the Mfg will not stand behind it. The heater works fine, but these heaters can leak oil all over 
Great Tea Maker - Lousy Pitchers. It makes great tea, but the pitchers last about 4 to 6 months before the seam on the front cracks and starts to leak. 
Rubbing alcohol costs less than a buck. Take a look at the ingredient list. Alcohol is first, then water. This product doesn t do anything more than plain old rubbing 
ridiculous product. this was an overpriced, useless, over-hyped product. Did nothing close to what it promised. After spending 49, ended up trashing both feliways  
The good deal that wasn t... I purchased these sheets as an additional set for a new mattress. The mattress probably measures 16 in depth. The first time the sheets 
Be ready to replace it.. over and over and over. This unit works great.. for a couple of months. I don t know if it s the rain or heat 
Overpriced and Difficult to Use. If you have a small kitchen this machine will take up a great deal of counter space.It makes decent coffee and mediocre, lukewarm expresso. I 
Good holder, but plastic shreds off. I chose this product because of its dual functionality as a bread box and slicer. The bread box works great. It fits our homemade 
Handel not Stainless Steel as described. I just recieved my honey dispenser and was very disappointed with the plastic handel and plunger mechanism. I had to go back and read 
horrible. this vaccuum bottle is horrible! perhaps i got an irregular one, but it keeps my water hot for only about 2 hours.  
I was happy until. 2 years ago I purchased these dishes, I was so happy with them that I would of given them a 5 star....Until 6 months ago. All 
If I wanted a 2 year scoop, I would have paid less... This was a great scoop. Worked well, looks nice, flashy, but it started to degrade after a year 
Yukk!! Waste of . I bought 4 of these light sets after seeing them in Real Simple magazine. I thought they looked and seemed to be a perfect option for 
Item is sold by Macy s. I come here to buy items from Amazon, decent prices, great shipping, ease of use, but lately more and more items such as this 
Too small for 8 Persons. I know and love raclette dinners from my home country Germany, so I was happy to find some that will work in the US. I 
I guess I just don t like plastic mugs. I had a stainless mug and it really kept the coffee hot for a long time. This is much lighter, being 
Read carefully!!!. This is very misleading. this item is only half of the package. after its delivered you will find that you must also order more parts to make it 
Doesn t fit either size of recipe card!. Recipe cards come in two sizes 3x5 and 4x6. I was so excited to receive my recipe box, but when I opened 
Pretty Terrible Product. I was first attracted to this interesting measuring cup by the unusual shape. Once I tried to use it, however, it was a really worthless measuring cup. 
Not for the light sleepers. Despite the 3 settings, this product is super loud even on the lowest setting. When it s on the second or third setting, it emits 
Aroma wok. We puchased three of them. The first two &quot;burned out&quot; after about 45 min. the first time they were used. The other one did the same the second 
Rusty knives and worse customer service. I got these knives as a gift. Ironically, the first thing to rust was the part of each knife stamped Stainless Steel .Let s 
I returned the item. This item was falling apart before I even pulled it out of the box. It was cheaply put together with nails which were loose and could 
Wine Opener. The Insta-Pull should really have been named Insta-Bust. After a dozen bottles, more or less, one of the pair of bottle clamping handles snapped loose. Examination of the 
Hard to clean. This rack allows fat to drain from the meat but it is very hard to clean. You will spend more time cleaning this rack than cooking or 
Just barely provides adequate cooling for personal use. I bought this fan to use on my desk at work. You literally have to be like 6 inches from the fan 
Nothing to Review. I would love to be able to give you an honest review of this bread box, unfortuntly it was on back order for so long, I finally 
Pathetic -- be prepared to return. These are as pathetic an excuse for an item as I have ever seen. Let s begin: First, the magnets are about as big 
Disappointing. We received this vac as a housewarming gift, and I thought that it was great the first 3 times I used it. Then the attachments would not stay on 
Better buy at KMART. Check out Kmart.com they have the samething for 39.99 a 20 savings  
Didn t work... my nextdoor neighbor s dog merely ignored it. Super Bark Free didn t work in the least to stop my nextdoor neighbor s dog s extremely irritating 
Rethink this Purchase... If you are looking for an ice shaver, this name is well known. But if you want one that LASTS, rethink this purchase. Recently, my wife had 
Aerobed Premier duraSuede. I have two earlier Aerobeds and they are very comfortable and conforms to support our bodies. This new Premier DuraSuede is like lying on a sheet of 
Warranty is a joke. The warranty for the Magic Bullet is awful. If you get it as a gift, Hope that the person giving the gift bought it the same 
Poor Quality. This is the poorest quality blanket I have ever purchased. Immediately upon removing it from the packaging there was lint and fibers everywhere. Every time I put something 
False Advertising. This is a clear case of false advertising!I ordered this item from Amazon Target because it was described as stainless steel. It arrived and was chrome. I contacted 
What a disappointment!. I ve owned a number of Krups products, including a 17 year old steam espresso maker, and over the years have been consistently very pleased with the 
Very bad Rice Cooker. This rice cooker is the worst buy I have ever made. My wife bought on and it worked great for three days then it just stopped 
Packaging of towels. I ordered 4 towels and it stated in my email they would be shipped in one package. I was charged for four seperate shipping fees, one for 
Acrylic started cracking in less than a year. Purchased one of these for my wife so she could enjoy having two betas divider is included in this package . At 
Warning about Sango Gold Dust Dinnerware. Maker claims that the product is dishwasher safe. It isn t. These bowls were to fill out a set of dinnerware. However, the first 
WHITE!!!. Like everyone else...mine were white also. Dishonest, creepy marketing? I do know that red pigment is the most expensive so Amazon probably got a deal and their customers get 
 T T What s wrong with Nobbly Wobbly ?. I agree with some of the other reviewers. My Pups just wouldn t touch this toy. I roll it around 
Faulty Carafe. The Carafe design on this coffeemaker is not very good. No matter how careful or how I adjust my grip, water coffee leaks from the top and down 
T-Fal, Too small!. I don t know what type of ruler they use to advertize this pan as 10 1 4 inches. We bought it because our existing T-Fal pan 
Oxo finally messes up. I ve bought a number of Oxo kitchen accessories, and found them to be sturdy, remarkably well designed, and easy to use.Unfortunately, this timer is an 
Doesnt work as well as others... I bought this for 15.00 at a linen store for my kids to use to sweep kitchen hardwood floor after dinner. It lasted one 
You won t get it. I waited from April to July and they couldn t get it in stock  
Not Recommended. I am not a coffee connoisseur, so my criteria for a good coffee maker is probably modest. I bought the KA Javastudio because I own several KA appliances 
DANGEROUS. I thought this product was a great idea, and it does make good popcorn, when it isn t busy burning you. First off, the package has an open window, 
excellent product but poor shipping-beware!!. I have owned this type of product for years and it works very well. This review is to warn others to think twice about ordering 
Not that good. I purchased this and a tall cat condo at the same time. I hung one string on the condo and both of my cats never touched this 
magnetic spice rack. The idea was a good one but,....... the tins fall off the metal base not enough mag in the magnet and they have been rolling all over 
Tiny. This is too small of a tank for a betta, especially two. Bettas are fish that can be healthy and entertaining, but not in these tiny cells. How would 
Another One Bites the Dust... Like others - the large burner is out - after less than a year of use. Will look for another brand to replace  
Great idea, poorly made. This was the second Pet Blinker I bought, as the first one rusted out. But I loved the product because when it worked it was amazing! 
Half Toasted. I bought this toaster after reading several reviews, finding a reasonable price, and liking the look of it. I was looking to upgrade since my old toaster a 
Worried about Microban. Please be careful with products used for food or water that have microban. If you decide to get this product or something like it, please make sure 
Color not as advertised. These were the only towels I wanted because I heard they were plush and the picture shows very bright hot colors and so that s why 
The purpose of this spatula truly does elude me. This is rather a silly spatula. The reason it s silly is because it is a rather small spatula, with an 
Looks cheap, lousy performance. I suggest you find a better splash guard than this one. Must cost about .03 to manufacture and works about as well. Slide a piece of 
Made in china means a bad thing in this case.... Don t be fooled by the name and the mark Spain on the blade. The blade got nicked in two 
Deep Fryer - Safety Hazard?. We purchased the DeLonghi based on its ease of cleaning 4 of 5 parts can be placed in the dishwasher . After the third use, 
Super-frustrating to use. This vacuum is light and has good suction, true. And I didn t have any difficulty finding the bags. The problem is that the wands and brush 
Fun but NOT long-lasting. My dog loved this toy for about half an hour and then one of the twisted connections came loose, then another. PRetty soon I had to 
What size is this tank?. OK, the rating is based on the description, not on the product - but how should I know if this is the right product if 
Slice not. I purchased this item in December 2005 but didn t use it until July 2006. The wires broke on my first use. I thought about requesting a replacement 
Blender for a month. I absolutely loved this blender, but it abruptly stopped working one day after I d only had it for 6 weeks! No sign of life in 
horrible customer service. we ordered a cherry coat rack keep in mind cherry is the only color option available on this site for that item and it came as light 
Sketchy performance. I liked the blinker light when I got it. In fact, friends noticed it and I referred them here to get it. HOWEVER, in short order, it went 
Not Happy. I have had this pan for less than a year, and the non-stick is already flaking off, even though we have been very careful about how we use 
Believe the previous reviewers about poor qualitly. Don t buy this oven. Wait until the next generation comes out. I read the reviews and the guy who said it s 
Average Coffee Capacity. I bought the 14-cup assuming it would have the capacity to handle more coffee beans ground I like strong coffee . But no. It takes a typical 
Poor Quality. I bought it for 59.00 on the gold box deal and it arrived yesterday. I returned the product. very poor quality, poor finish, dull right out of the 
Great press, until it caught fire. I enjoyed using this press and it greatly reduced time spent ironing my clothes. It was perfect until one day it started smoking and 
Vanishing color. This vase was a big disappointment. The color comes from a foil on the vase that washes off with water. This was not mentioned in the description. The 
was grand for a very short time. This item, affectionately named R2D2, worked like a champ with all the bells and whistles, well, actually lights and dials for about 5 
Not a reasonable product to review. It is small toy size. If you want to keep it with your barbie, it is a nice produc  
IT IS NICE BUT!!. It is soft and feels sooooo good!!! BUT the Burgundy sheeds like a cat it is all over the floor, my hair, the red fur is 
please read description carefully. This is for just one collar. This is not for a complete system, it is for one extra collar  
Disappointed With Dualit Percolator. Since Dualit makes a great toaster, I assumed their percolator would be good. I was wrong. There is an excess amount of coffee grinds in the 
Toastmaster 6431 Eclipse Single Burner is poor. Do not buy this product. The one I got was used three times and it quit.  
Disappointing - sorry I bought this. OXO may have a good name but this is one terrible product. Sure, it is very easy to turn, but what good is that 
Lasted 2 uses!. I used this item twice-the second time I had one sweatshirt and one sweater on the rack & it broke into 5 pieces! Waste of money  
Does what it claims, but takes forever. This product does what it claims. I recieved it a few days ago and it has performed well. The downside of the product 
Unraveled after First Washing : . I ordered the towel for a present for my husband and was extremely disappointed that the hem came unraveled after the towel s first 
get out a ruler and measure 7 inches before you buy. I bought this to try out the All-clad line of cookware. I thought this would be good to fry 
Does not work with Senseo Coffee Machine. It just does not work with Senseo machines. I tried several different grinds and no matter what, water just spurted out the side. 
Undependable. The wireless feature makes this fencing undependable. I live in an area with little interference. After several tries at transmitter locations, I sent the unit back. I now await 
not happy with this fan. I have had the fan for one year, using occassionally, it froze up and no longer spins the blades. My recommendation is to buy a 
Glass Fragile. Glass broke second time shaker used. Entire glass base broke away from cylinder. Returned entire item to seller for refund  
Confused. I was going to buy this but at this price I expect a correct photograph and description. I m also a bit concerned about the warranty. 6 months seems 
WASTE OF MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I bought this, and when I put the batts. in, It got so hot! I switched them to Duracells, and that was better, but then it died 
Nice idea, but a critical flaw. As mentioned by another reviewer, this item has a critical flaw: it s just too short. It can t be used with bowls over 
Poorly designed, poorly made ... The display - instead of being simply clear plastic over the LCD it s got a surface treatment to prevent glare? that becomes steadily more 
What s the big deal?. Why is every one cooing and jumping over themselves to write a five star review for this item? The FD-60 dehydrator costs 40 and comes 
Junk after 1-2 years. As others have stated the gears are plastic and will fail after 1 to 2 years, and no replacement parts to fix, so the can opener 
DOES NOT WORK!. I have two cats both less than 5 months old. I bought CitiKitty training kit hoping it would save me from scooping the litter box. It turned 
Doesn t work that well. This product doesn t seem to carbonate to the level of regular soda water from the store. I drink carbonated water all the time and 
Kitty Whiz is no wiz. The Kitty Whiz trainer is very cheaply made of the thinnest plastic. Cats will tend to want to stand in the litter when they are 
NOT Pottery Barn!. If what you re looking for is lush, plush truly thick towels, these are NOT it. If you want Pottery Barn luxe, you ll have to go 
buyers beware, its only the cover. I agree with the previous reviews. The ad is misleading. The description said: What s in the Box:Queen-sized pillow-top featherbed I assumed it was 
Another rocking,warped skillet braiser!. I have been looking for a 10-13 skillet braiser that will remain flat on my electric flat cooktop. After reading all the descriptions-page after page, I 
Modules Die Qucikly. I purchased this system along with 1 laser module for a small 2.5g aquairum.I set it up quickly and the effect was very nice. However soon after 
Garbage - A waste of money. Despite repeated cleaning and even removal of filters, this vacuum lacked the suction to pick up all but the finest dust after only 1 
Spinning plastic disks for 300!?!. It s really hard to effectively rate the humification and filtering properties of such appliances. You really need equipment that nobody has. So for the 
product doesn t work. I read all of the reviews before I purchased this and knew that batteries might be an issue, so when my collar didn t work properly, 
Nordic ware microwave cover. This is not a good product -- it is not a very flixible plastic and breaks easily if dropped or flexed. It is also not large 
I DON T LIKE IT!. This vacuum cleaner is not good!! It hardly sucks up anything! I used it on my room and it is so terrible that it makes 
Disappointed, very poor performance, wonder how these others are happy with it... I bought this blender because I liked its retro design, and I thought it would function well. Well, 
Really cheap, uncomfortable sheets. I bought these sheets for my 3-year-old who is a huge Star Wars fan thanks to his 7-year-old brother! . They are probably the WORST-quality sheets 
disappointed. I bought these candles in the store. When I got home, I set everything up and lit the candles. In less that 30 minutes, all 5 candles had burned 
What a Piece of Junk. If I could have given this product a negative score, I would have. I purchased the Lello 2200 Pastamaker for my daughter for Christmas. She 
Certainly not worth the raves. The other commentators stress features of this kettle that pretty much any cordless electric kettle will have. It pales in comparison to my old Hamilton 
Not a good ice tray. Really deserves 0 stars. Absolutely wouldn t dislodge its contentswithout running hot water the bottom which further diminished the size ofthe already small cubes. For 
BEWARE! Not pewter, black or gray!!!. The description for these dishes is wrong! There is nothing Pewter, black or gray in color on them. The stripes are light and dark 
Bad design. I prefer my spoons to stand upright. Many of my spoons fall out of this one, I guess it depends on your shape of the spoon  
Not as represented. This item was supposed to have a lid as you can see above. No lid in box  
Again - Toasts One Side!. What is wrong with the toasters they re manufacturing today? This was the second brand of toaster I had to return - also returned a 
Color not as advertised. These were the only towels I wanted because I heard they were plush and the picture shows very bright hot colors and so that s why 
Returning it back. Too bad I didn t come here first, at epinions nobody had the reset problem but I sure did. It s too bad too because this thing 
Pem America 6-Piece Jacquard Towel Set. I do not recommend anyone to buy this for personal use.The towel set is the thinnest that you can ever imagine. This is not 
this item is NOT A POTHOLDER!!!!. This is listed as a pot holder and described as a mitt... it is neither. it s a teeny-tiny sleeve that slides over the 
Ditto!. I had an experience almost indentical to that of the other reviewer. The instructions were very difficult to decipher but I found other really straight-forward instructions online......in English. I 
Not what I expected, can t be assembled. I was excited when I read the great reviews for this product, but I was very dissapointed when I received it. I 
NOT AS ADVERTISED: NO MONITOR ON THE WATER PITCHER. like the other reviewer, i don t think i got the correct filters. i didn t open mine, but these don 
looks aren t everything. We too have the same issues with this that everyone else has mentioned. We already had to trade it in after using it only once because 
Stackable...NOT Nestable. The description of this product says they are space-saving and stackable. I interpreted that to mean nestable. They don t nest and therefore they do not save much 
Careful! Does your dog suffer from Separation Anxiety?. Although this product may work with certain barking behaviours for example: territorial barking, attention seeking etc , it can t be stressed 
Cute but avoid this stinker. My gf loves popcorn so I was tasked to purchase her a replacement for her cheapo 10 air popper. I saw this one and thought 
Westinghouse Microwave. It s a small, but kind of nice little microwave, it doesn t have all the bells and whistles that my old one had, can t set or 
Sooooo Disappointed!. I too did my research before I purchased this, thought the heat option was worth the price. Based on the reviews, I was very excited to start using 
For a harder than maple board, it sure isn t as sturdy!. I am so disappointed in this cutting board. The first one I got, looked like it had been 
Sharp Toaster Microwave better off with one or the other. We got this as a present and had high hopes to actually use it as a microwave. It takes over 
Sent me wrong item. I ordered 2 round ones and 2 square ones and they sent me 3 square and one round. Not worth my while to return but disappointed 
OK for small jobs. Has to be seasoned just about everytime before use. Overwise, great pan  
Broken Items. I ordered several items from the collection Texture Leaves by Corelle Corrdinates and twice the 4-piece casserole bake & serve set was broken in shipment. The other items 
Cost??. I have seen this online on other sites and in catalogs for 20 not on sale either - regular price . Same siz  
glass from France, not crystal from Austria. Riedel s water glass and gourmet glass are both made in France of glass not crystal . The stem s too short for 
Not worth it. Saw these canisters and fell in love with them. Couldn t wait to get them and when I did they were broken into a million pieces. They 
Disappointed. This product came very quickly however I ve already thrown it out. I was very disappointed. It doesn t clip onto the side very well, and once the grass 
Don t waste your money. I bought the Lapinator as a gift for both my mom and my dad. They both use their laptops while they watch TV all the 
Faulty Piece. The piece seemed a little wobbly in the beginning. However, as time passed it seemed to be straining under its the weight of the 5 lamps.Now after 5 
Am Tired of Waiting for item to arrive. I ordered the juicer from Amazon back in early January for a birthday present and it is now nearing the end of 
Toaster is poorly designed with cheap features. First of all, thanks to Amazon s return process - This could be shipped back with little hassle. The Toaster has a door 
Not So Good. I bought this coffee maker because of its compact size, but returned it a week later. I found it very difficult to avoid spillage when pouring the 
Cheap Lock, Sagging Front Doors. I bought the cabinet awhile ago now and the first thing I noticed was that the lock was plastic, the second was that it didn 
it s a fan only! NOT a heater!!!. it s a fan only! NOT a heater!!!  
Not impressed. Not impressed at all. I ve always been curious about this product, and despite owning the no longer manufactured Bissell Steam Mop, when this went on sale at 
Great if you like exploding carafes and lukewarm coffee. I received the coffeemaker as a gift, and was relatively happy with the machine, though coffee could have brewed a bit 
Great!!! For the first month, if your lucky!!!. We purchased this thing thinking it would be great for light cleaning. It worked marvously for about a month. This is when 
Don t buy these. I was originally going to buy ClickClack made in New Zealand storage containers. To save money I bought these China-made containers instead and it was a 
Its ok. I just purchased a glass top stove and bought this because of the protective bottom. However, after using it several times, I would choose a different grill because 
Crack Casing!!!. Yes. I opened immediately when UPS delivered the window fan and it got a severe crack casing!!Got to return to Target minus off my shipping charges! Sad  
VERY LOUD. I got this thoughtful gift from someone who felt they were getting me a quality product since it is Cuisinart. But, it is truly awful. The worst thing 
worked great - for six months. What more needs to be said? Followed all instructions and yet I am now having to look for a new percolator. How exactly do 
well???. this product is not what I expected. I was hoping that my daughter would like to help me bake...... well she was afraid to touch the mat, especiall when 
Went up in smoke. Like other reviewers here, mine also experienced problems with the controller in a little over 1 year of light use. It was set to oven on 
More of a steamer than a grill. This thing just does not get hot enough so what you re supposed to be grilling gets steamed instead. Not very appetizin  
Not As Advertised.... This looks good and bakes great, but it is for individual use. It holds about 2 cups, not the 11 cups advertised.UPDATE: 04 19 2006. Amazon, has 
So bad I returned it. I thought this would be the perfect table for an odd space in my office. That might have been the case if I could have 
Another choo choo for tommy. My fish bottomupper is now dead you want to know why he is dead it is because of the the greek coliseum.he tried to swim 
Love the dinnerware, hate the mugs!. The design of the mug handles is such that one cannot drink hot liquids without burning the skin of the fingers that are inside 
terrible. choose something else!. I ve ordered three. two were broken, as were two replacements they sent. Fragile plastic breaks and can t support the weight of the drawers and 
Poor quality. Why does this light cost 30 ? For this price and supposedly a bunch of design awards , I find this light to be of extremely poor quality. 
You can t beat the garlic press!. I bought one of these a few months ago but unfortunately it spends a lot more time in my kitchen drawer than my 
Back to the store it goes!!!. The previous owner of my home said they were the best?? HA!!! The vac worked some...but only on tiny particles, bigger stuff just pushes 
SCAM!!!. I too ordered the case of bottles. I received 16, not 48 and two of those were broken. repeated attempts to get it fixed have gone unanswered!  
Great idea BUT poor quality. We have indoor outdoor dogs so this product is a great idea. However, it is poorly made. The thing sat in one spot and not 
Not Microwaveable. Product was fine except that it isn t microwaveable. At the time of purchase it claimed to be microwaveable. The handle has a screw in it. I purchased 
Handle Does Not Stay Together. You have to put the handle of the sweeper together as part of assembling the sweeper. However, there is nothing to hold the pieces of 
Not for Home Cafe. These don t work well with Home Cafe. They are small and the water runs around them and the coffee is weak. They work fine on 
Very Noisy. I was hoping this model would be on the recall list because it broke right away. It is very noisy but the heat still works. I know how 
Please do NOT waste your money!. I bought this item based on various reviews here and on other sites. Usually, when the majority of reviews lean one way, I find 
Found it too small. I bought these Riedel glasses for the reputation of that brand. I was very pleased with the quality. However the glasses are too small to truly 
glasses too big!. Do not order these glasses! I ordered them after reading about them in Wine Spectator, well what they did not say was how big these glasses are!!! 
Mixed feelings, at the least. I put this to a horrific task--eliminate the stench of seven dead mice who suicided themselves en masse in a full tub of stored bath 
Buyer Beware. I bought two of these machines for my mother and aunt in May 2003. One never worked, and the other broke down after two weeks of use. &#60;br 
Not Worth It. Difficult to install, doesn t fit right, water sprays all over the place once it is installed. Then it only lasted for 1-2 months with minimal use 
Did not work for me. Cat kept peeing on laundry. Tried this product, no change. The only thing that worked was constant cleaning changing of litter. Maybe this works for 
Sending this one back. I was not pleased with this griddle at all. After reading the positive reviews, I ordered it. Maybe mine was defective, but every piece of french 
Worst sheet set I ever purchased!. I have purchased many sheet sets from Amazon and have always been very pleased. This set, however, is the biggest disappointment ever. Not only 
Arggggggg. This burner is driving me nuts. It was okay for the first 2 weeks, took forever to heat up but it would boil water. Well I am trying to 
Didn t solve my problem. My problem was that my cat constantly meowed for her food, waking up anyone who was sleeping. We were also looking for a solution to 
steamer leaks rusty water. 3 months after the warranty was over the steamer began to leak rusty liquid into the frothy milk. Upon inspection with a flash light in the 
It has an odor---. We bought this Krups FLF2-J4 with anticipation of and excelent machine for our needs. It is a nice looking unit light weight and fast at heating 
Awful. This product isn t worth this review, but will give one! The containers split easily, the holders falls apart if you look at it wrong. I had a few 
shipment. I PAID FOR EXPRESS SHIPMENT AND IT TOOK ATLEAST 10 DAYS FOR THE PRODUCT TO ARRIVE.I WANT A REFUND FOR THE EXPRESS SHIPMENT!!!!!!!  
Missing Parts Sent and No Response. I ordered the large turtle dock and did not receive the suction cups or the support bracket. I have emailed the company twice with 
Cheap plastic junk. I loved the idea behind the python, and set it up easily enough. I think its a total rip off to charge 50 for a piece of 
Too Small!. First of all, they are rolled up like a sleeping bag when you get them and you have to carefull PEEL them apart.Second, it takes over a week 
Cuisipro Rotary Cheese Grater. This tool is very poorly made. When grating cheese the handle tended to twist in the hand making it difficult to control and causing discomfort.With medium 
sent it back... I got the timer and yes it s heavy. that s about all the good I can say about it.some of the numbers were scratched. you have 
Remember those childrens cell phone toy? This is a childrens workout kit. Worthless for any adult. It s a great concept although resistance is almost useless. I m in my 
don t waste your money. I bought the Dirt Devil Power Reach because it was advertised as having such versatile features along with a 6 amp motor. It was the 
Fragile Italian Design with far too many parts. Like many say it has a nice design but functionally it is poor. The Glass Jar has 8 parts, the Steel Jar 
More Like Minnow Than Shark. This thing doesn t hold a charge for very long and anything with weight gets left behind. They need to do more work on this 
Not for every day rice cooking. For the first two months, this rice cooker was just everything I had asked for. But after two months, the water started to drip 
Fresh Flow Filter Replacements. I don t think they do a very good job because there are always little specks floating in the bowl that do not seem to be 
HORRIBLE WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME. I bought this thing and it was so bad that the guy who sold it to me off Amazon gave me a refund and 
Locking Audio Video Storage Cabinet with Solid Oak Doors. The lock on the left side of the cabinet is in a stupid place. In order to unlock or lock, you 
Totally defective Zero Stars- not one as above . I did what I think is a fair amount of reseach before buying this product, and the Euro-Pro was bad decision. 
De-evolution. This item did not work when I got it. I returned it to Zelco, who informed me that it was my error, they did not do refunds, and returned 
Riedel? NOT!. These are NOT Riedel crystal! After I returned them, I told Amazon that that need to update the description. If you read the fine print, it does say 
nice at first. When I first purchased these towels I was very happy. They were soft and luxurious. After a couple of months of use, I am very sorry I 
Picture is misleading. One would assume you would be getting six dishes as the picture shows six and the 4, 10 and 14 ounce versions come in packs of six. 
not worth it. Pretty flimsy for a Kitchenaid tool. Plastic construction not sturdy enough to efficiently grate parmesan cheese. Too much work with this tool  
sink or swim. I too had the opportunity to purchase this lovely dock. First let me state that it sunk as soon as my turtles climbed upon it. The suction 
For the price,not worth it!. I bought this coffeemaker 6 weeks ago and the burner plate is pealing.I also discovered after I had water and coffee grounds all over,that you 
The lid is way too tight. my main problem with this cup is the lid is absurdly difficult to get on. I was amazed at how much trouble I had 
Comfort Zone turned into More Stress Zone. Sadly, this stuff not only didn t help, things seemed to get worse after I plugged it in. I adopted a semi feral 
produces toxic smelling water. This product is attractive and works efficiently; however, my unit produced toxic smelling water the first 5 times I tested it out. I will try a 
DeLONGHI IS DeLOUSY. This is about the worst appliance I have ever bought. Okay, it is fabulous to look at, but unless you actually plan on using it, rethink buying 
A Lemon. I bought this great looking toaster back in June of 2006. I first noticed that it toasted darker on one side when not on the bagel setting , 
Eh. These hooks are nice for the look, but they come off of the rod too much. Plus, if you live with a lot of people, you ll always know 
Completely worthless. My husband and I share a love for impulse buys. These buys are never overly extravagant, but they re little things that we ll see when we walk 
Leaks. I love water filters, this perhaps is my third, first was a Brita, gave to family member years ago and it is still in use, went on to faucet 
Designed to FAIL. There is a tiny metal cam that drives a very brittle plastic gear on the front of the can opener that drives the removable can opener top. 
Dazey s much better--anyone know where to find one?. I agree with the other reviews that the Rival coffee cup warmer barely warms the cup, much less the contents. The 
Bad pot. I bought one of these recently. The bottom warped after the first couple of uses, making it useless on my glass top stove. I tried to contact Revere 
Burgundy dust comes off the sheets. I bought a set of king burgundy fitted and flat sheets. It looks nice and feels soft and thin. But the very first day 
PLASTIC JAR LASTED TWO 2 SMOOTHIES!. I was excited about this blender. Boy was I disappointed. A tiny flimsy plastic jar. The motor was fine but the jar lasted two 
poor shipping, damaged pieces. the furniture itself is fine. or rather, it would be if it was shipped properly. before ordering anything from target, think long and hard about how 
USED. I m not sure how well this coffeemaker works. I purchased one from Amazon and received one that was obviously in used condition. The glass was water stained and 
I was happy until. 2 years ago I purchased these dishes, I was so happy with them that I would of given them a 5 star....Until 6 months ago. All 
Inexpensive with a lot of static!. Not worth it honestly for the price. It was not what I thought it would be because I was hoping it ll be similar 
RETURNED, AFTER TRYING IT ON MYSELF : . well, i have a toy poodle, and he goes crazy when he hears someone at our door. We live in a tiny 
Don t waste your money. I had my unit for 4 months before returning it to the store. I never noticed any difference in the air quality or how I 
Not acceptable. I was quite surprised to learn that the filter is not designed to be water sealed. While the installation direction clearedly says that it is required to apply 
Item was dirty. I recived this Item which was dirty not dust. Emailed Amazon and the said that I could not get a refund as I used quit click. This 
Bad customer service. I had this pot for about two months, using it once a week, when one handle, then another, cracked. The sides are too hot. It spits out 
Poor Quality and Customer Service. I bought this product on my mom s suggestion, because she was impressed with the suction power. Not only did the suction power fade over 
Just Nasty!!!. I had this vacuum for about a month. The suction was so bad that after EVERY room I had to empty what little dirt was in the canister 
BAD COFFEEMAKER. Coffeemaker just quit yesterday makes cold coffee now unable too use. got a three year warranty and lasted three months. Biggest waste of money yet. Now call customer 
Not what I hoped for. I bought one of these pepper mills at Cost Plus with the intent of replacing our current pepper mill which ground the pepper very finely 
My continuing crusade against gizmos:. There are a lot of theoretically good ideas that fail when executed. This is one of them. 1 QUALITY:It s made cheaply, and even before 
Do Not Order--you will not recieve. I ordered this juicer in May and have waited very patiently for the last three months. I received an email this week saying that 
Not worth the money. Its not light as advertised. Its actually a very cumbersome broom. I d rather use a regular broom than this huge thing. I would not recommend 
Don t Even Think About Buying This... It may look cute but this is an awful hunk of junk. It is way too small to keep fish in well under 
You get what you pay for. I bought this for the little things, and for that it works- as long as it doesn t take you more than about 3-4 
Espresso maker leaks. Searched for a long time to find a good quality espresso machine that didn t cost over 500. We had a great workhorse Krups combo espresso coffee 
not compatible with FMF5-14. this was shown to be compatible with the krups FMF5-14, which it is not so i had to return it  
This should be around 189.99 more then that you paid to much. The would is nice and it seems not to stress when full. other then that not much good 
Great... till they wore out. Have only had these sheets for about 5 months and they have worn out and gotten scratchy where I sleep. Dissapointed  
Same burning smell... This blender has been emitting a motor-burning smell since the day I got it. I thought it would go away, but it has only gotten worse. Definitely 
Garbage. This futon is nothing more than cheaply welded garbage. The welds holding the metal mesh together on the bottom of the frame have begun to break after little more 
Crackling noise. I received this product in good shape. However, it makes loud noises when it is heating, almost like fire cracker. Had to return and get a replacement.Amazon provided 
recommend against it. I wasn t happy with this collar. First, I hadn t realized just how thin it would be -- I wanted small and lightweight but this is 
These curtains are like IKEA furniture compared to Crate and Barrel. The quality isn t good for the price. Pay a bit more for better.The only reason I put up 
Don t waste your money!. We tried this griddle. It worked just fine ONCE. After that, everything stuck. Pancakes weren t turnable, just made a stuck-on mess. Ditto with sausage, 
I did not get what I ordered. I did not get the plug in transmiter, I only got the collar, I would like to know if I make a mistake 
You will never get it. I waited six months for the item and never got it. Go elsewhere  
Great price, ok product. I wasn t as concerned about the wrinkles as others, but I am disappointed that after just a week, the fitted sheet has little pills on 
Reconditioned = some parts may be missing. I bought this toaster for about 11, so I did not expect much. I haven t tried it yet, so I can t 
For limited use NOT magazines. Storage containers arrive flat in shipping box. The four sides are created from one folded piece joined. To complete the box you fold two longer 
Too small and too expensive. I m a betta hobbist and I know about all the misconceptions that betta can live in just about anything and it is bogus. This 
wire just snapped. I liked the slicer okay...but the wire just snapped and I haven t had it but a few months  
It s not so good. The problem of this product is that the mill frother stop if the milk is hot. So you need to wait to the aeroccino become 
Really Cute - But NOT Functional. There is nothing wrong with the quality, brightness or cuteness factor of this product. HOWEVER, you must plug it in and there lies the 
Beware of fire!. This oven gets soooooo hot on the outside that if ANYTHING is touching it or near it it will be affected. Be especially careful that the cord 
NO SHOW. I DID NOT RECEIVE IT AND NEVER HEARD WHY DESPITE REPEATED WHERE S MY STUFF SEARCHES AND INQUIRIES, WHICH WERE IGNORED  
Cracked is what it WAS up to be. When I received the King sized topper I noticed that, while still in the package, the foam had a large crack, the 
Drive motor failure. I purchased the F69204 for 150 on sale. Used once that year with good results. It was another year before I tried to use again. Shortly after 
this pan sticks like crazy. I bought one of these, buttered it up lavishly, and used it twice before throwing it into the trash -- the popovers stuck so badly 
waste of money. This refrigerator is great - if you want to keep soda cold. The items in the door are barely chilled, not cold....the freezer either doesn t freeze 
I m starting to hate it. I m no coffee snob, but the idea of innovative design in the pursuit of better coffee appealed to me. This coffee maker does 
Stylish and Useless. I m not quite sure if this product could even be described as a thermos. It looks like a thermos, to be sure. It has a lid 
Flashier package, but still an amateur device. The tank size which is intentionally omitted from the product description is too small for large jewelry or sunglasses. To find a real 
Dump the pump!!. It leaks from the top,barely drips from the pump.....but it looks great  
Do not buy this for wine that needs to be served chilled. The problem isn t with the unit taking a long time to chill a bottle of wine, the 
bad advertising. This is NOT a 13 cup capacity, it s about 2 cups! Do not be fooled  
Don t waste your money. The cats now congregate directly in front of the CAT002 to have meetings. It doesn t work at all  
Doesn t work as stated. The fan does work fairly well as an intake fan. However, in exhaust mode the mode I need , I can barely feel a breeze 
Handles are weak and break. I bought 2 sets for my daughter-in-law a little over a year ago for a wedding present. The handles have weakened and are breaking off 
Did not accept the item. I did not accept the item and I will not order any furniture on line any more. They wanted to leave the table out of 
Very pilly. The good reviews swayed me to try this discount duvet cover. As the adage goes, however, you get what you pay for. The duvet looked nice coming out 
Disappointed. These dishes arrived and they were lovely! I loved the color and the fact that they were all different in markings, not a cookie-cutter design and the tiny imperfections 
Dont waste your money... Poor suction, Air filter cloggs every time and it shuts down after 15 min use. DONT BUY...  
nice looking, not working kettle. This kettle is nice looking. Heats water to a boil very fast. The problem is that it only lasted 6 month. Anyone up for a 
Not up to Le Creuset standard... I am a major fan of Le Creuset pots and have a number of them but I must say that their kettle is not 
Didn t Pass The Test. I bought this Treat Ball with my Aussie puppy in mind; I wanted something that would keep her busy while in her crate AND something 
Garbage. The first time I used this item, I used Ghirardelli Baking Chips. I had to add a lot of oil to get any kind of sheeting which made the 
You get what you pay for!. I was looking for a set of steak knives and came across the infomercial one night. It sounded great and much cheaper then the 
Cheap Knives. I am not pleased with the quality of these knives. They break and dull easily.  
Cheapest Blanket Ever. It feels nice and soft, but this blanket started turning to fuzz from the day I started using it. Leaves lint and fuzz EVERYWHERE... I donated mine 
very disappointing. When the plastic jar of my trusty Hamilton Beach blender cracked, I decided to buy a nicer blender, i.e., one with a glass jar, more powerful motor, etc. 
It s OK but nothing special. We ve had this foam mattress topper for a couple of weeks and it s OK but nothing special. It does not significantly improve 
Mmm...coffee grounds and hot water!. Dear, don t buy this hunk o junk. I got one over the summer, thinking it d be really convenient, but it doesn t work 
Maybe for light duty... This canister vac might be ok for VERY light duty, but don t expect it to handle any real housecleaning. The filter clogs easily and this 
don t get it. We got this as a gift &amp; used it.....its loud and spits out water. We re not happy with it  
Not a Perfect Sweeper by any means. I purchased this sweeper based on other reviews. First of all, the handle would not stay together no matter what I did. They 
Not impressed. I ordered 2, one for olive oil and one for canola oil. I rarely use them, but when I do, it is extremely difficult to get a decent 
Nice & Soft Blanket but until the problem with the controller. This is a very nice and soft blanket, the best out of all electric blanket. However, I have to 
Pretty with some flaws. I bought this teapot from Amazon in 2005 and used it numerous times. The material is great, heat retention is good, it looks very nice, and 
Inelegant design. I purchased this through Amazon but returned it. I intended to use this with their 3qt 10-inch saute pan. But it is huge! It is not an elegant 
Not for flat surface stoves. Nothing in the review said this would not work on a flat stovetop surface. I just tried to boil water and it was bouncing all 
Not what I expected. Was very disappointed in this comforter. While it is heavy like I had anticipated, it is not soft in any way shape or form, it is 
defective glasses. My glasses had air bubbles and abnormally shaped blobs of glass where the stems connect to the bowls. They were functional.... but deformed. I sent them back. In 
Poor Design. While this product look nice, you would have to put up with holding the rod s in place as you open the curtains or risk having them break 
Not a bed, it s a mat. This is nothing more than a rectangle of black plush fabric. There are no raised edges on it to give the pet a 
Not Well Made. This towel holder is functional but flimsy. The stainless steel is too thin at the base and the actual weighted part of the base is plastic. As 
Using Bodum Mill Blade Grinder. I selected this item as an incentive for subscribing to a coffee service. I find that I am using much more coffee now than when 
Fixer Upper. This bread box had to be fixed by the time I received it. It was a minor thing, and works well, however I would not have bothered buying 
the case arrived broken, I will fill a claim!. The packing was not good, the box arrived broken  
1,200 Thread Count 100 cotton sateen king sheet set, jade. I purchased the above product in 2006. I opened the package and used them in 2007. After they were washed 
I thought the tomato one was sickening. This one is even uglier and more worthless than the tomato one. I can t fathom using this without wretching  
Mediocre at best. I thought this item would be terrific as a quick way to get the wrinkles out of my husbands work shirts. About the only thing it steamed 
Hello Kitty vs Choco Cat. Sure, it looks cute, and has a handy reheat button for whenever your toast is stale after chasing the kids around - BUT you may 
Hoover WindTunnel II. The windtunnel II is a poorly constructed vacuum. It is less than six months old and the motor for the HEPA filter had to be replaced. It 
Not happy with product. We could not get the bread to rise properly no matter how much we tinkered with the ingredients. We also tried the exact recipe that turned 
Picture used and actual color do not match. I ordered these for my Mom who has several different items of the Corelle Coordinates. When they arrived, the color was no 
Consider my review if you don t want to be a victim!!!. I generally like the quality of the products that I purchased on Amazon except this horrible so-called blender. 
Didn t last. At first, I was really happy with this mug. The seal was very good; you could turn the cup upside down with no leaking!But after a few 
Most annoying. The Bissell 2680B Perfect Sweep Dual Brush Sweeper has a pole attachment that keeps coming apart every time you attempt to sweep. This defect in the design, which 
Intermittant Performance. The unit has nice, large digits, but the wireless sensors don t work consistantly. The system works for perhaps 3 days and then the wireless link goes down. 
the same old story. As at least two reviewers of the similar 6-slice oster toaster oven experienced, the top two burner elements gave out after about a year. That is 
Doesn t keep accurate time. If you actually need to time something to the minute, don t buy this product. You can t line it up accurately, and when you 
fell apart immediately, total junk. tried to install batteries for first use and battery latch and switch fell to pieces in my hand. complete piece of junk. don t waste 
Absolutely the worst!. Unfortunately, there is no option for 0 star. I had the same problem as Lana from NC. I ordered the product, and when I opened the box, 
not great for electric. I bought this hoping to wow my family with some 30 minute meals but this doesn t work great on my electric stove. If you leave 
Great Look, Poor Quality. We received two sets of these for wedding gifts. Two years later and we have one glass left. They break just when you re washing the 
Doesn t match the other Mission pieces. I bought the mission file cart to go with a mission side table, bookshelf, and coffee table. It does not match the other 
Looks Good But Is Awful Junk. What a failure!Seemed just right for a simple way to make a quick single brewed cup of coffee. Small, low profile and uses little 
save your money... the neighbor has a yapping mutt that barks night and day...since the police won t do anything about it, i bought this bark free...hahaha...what a joke...the darn 
Waste of money. I bought this machine after researching it for a long time. I could deal with the hard cleaning of it, I was willing to shell out 100.00 
What a waste of time!. I opened the package to find the keychain was already broken. I inserted the batteries exactly like the directions said to and began using the 
Do not confuse Gnochetti Sardi with Potato Gnocchi. Gnocchi is a type of italian potato dumpling and are rather time consuming to make. I was hoping this machine would help 
good while it lasts. My dog had two of these. ONe I got when she was much younger and loved it but lost it. Now she is almost a year 
It leaks... My number one quality in a shaker is that it doesn t leak. The OXO leaks and I am dissappointed in a brand that usually makes such good 
Waffles are too thin flat. As a romantic, I purchased this heart shaped waffle maker. The flaw is that the waffles come out too flat, with not enough indentation and 
I am returning this product. Initially, my dogs found the sound interesting and slowed down on barking, but after a couple of days they acted like they didn t even 
Cheaper Than It Looks - Cheaper Than It Costs. The product looks nicer online than it does in person. When I opened the box, the stand was intact, but 10 
Unraveled after First Washing : . I ordered the towel for a present for my husband and was extremely disappointed that the hem came unraveled after the towel s first 
You might as well buy two or three. I also had the surprise and joy of having my carafe s glass lining explode. The carafe had a little over 1.5 
Be ready to replace it.. over and over and over. This unit works great.. for a couple of months. I don t know if it s the rain or heat 
Not a great buy. Having had a Hoover in the past, I was excited to find this one at this price. I ve had it only a year and am 
Bad Clock Mechanism. BE ADVISED THAT THE CLOCK IS PRONE TO MECHANICAL FAILURE!!! I have returned a sister version of this coffee pot THREE times. The first time was just 
I guess I read it wrong . . . This review isn t going to be about how well the Liss 1-Quart Soda Siphon works, mainly because I never got 
HARD TO CLEAN, NOISY, PAIN TO START. I have been using a Marineland Bio-Wheel 280 for over a year now and each month it is a horrible chore to clean 
Pretty, but flawed. This kettle has the wonderful, traditional Le Creuset whistle when the water comes to a boil. It has elegant styling and a durable vessel. What one would 
It s just okay, overpriced. I have not had a good pillow in a long time. I wouldn t pay upwards of fifty dollars for a pillow. But I gave 
Defective in a week. I currently own a Briel which has been working fine and I thought I would try a DeLonghi in my summer home. The Delonghi broke on 
do not buy this if you have tile. The machine leaves water at the grout line, I ha use a mop to clean the floor after using the floormate. I 
Horrible service for a machine that needs to be serviced !. For a machine that needs to be serviced regularly they need to check their customer service department. I ve 
More complaints about the cost. When I bought these pads at Amazon last year, a 50-pack was 11.99 -- now its 26.99! Does anyone know why this happened?The pads themselves 
Not for the daily maker of multiple frozen smoothies. Using frozen fruit to make up to 4 smoothies every day, our family is hard on blenders. After more than a 
Don t Be Deceived... Despite the description, this &quot;Stainless Steel&quot; grater is plastic with a stainless barrel. From the description, I thought that the ENTIRE UNIT was stainless. Although the 
Rabbit is no Reidel. I saw an ad for Rabbit comparing it to Reidel. It is no Reidel.Heavier than I expected, and larger than I expected  
Item picture does not always tell it all. The shelf itself is ok looking. What I did not take into consideration was that the back feet that support and level 
Rug burns from a sheet set?. 120 thread count is never a good choice. This set feels more like 20 thread count. I ended up using the fitted sheet as 
Topper Lasts 6 months Tops. I purchased this topper June 2006, and at first loved it.This was a great purchase until it started to shrink, deflate, and discolor. What a 
Slow!!!. This toaster looks great, but it is incredibly slow, much slower than the cheapo toaster I owned before this one. It takes 2-3 minutes for a piece of bread 
Not very durable french fry cutter. I would not recommend this French Fry Cutter it is very hard to clean and is not very durable  
No Safety Devices....No on off switch. While this little heater creates heat it isnt what I wanted at all. First of all I realized that it has no safety features. 
British Engineering at its worst. The Dyson DC07 works well enough in the upright position, but if you are planning on using the attachments, prepare to be disappointed. There is 
pizzelle press timer. Although the press has a timer, I found that it does not operate as expected. It does not seem to reset quickly after opening, so i ended 
Henckels? Huh?. Whoa...my sisters have this set at their house, which I used extensively last night to cut with. In a word? Terrible.They have not used them much, and all 
Slicer. The product is great, if you don;t cut your finger with it. In which I did and after 2 months its still sore..These slicers are good, but when cutting 
PANS ARE NOT OVEN-SAFE TO 500F!. While these pans look like quality pans, potential buyers should know there is a big discrepancy and gross misrepresentation in the advertising copy on 
Buyer Beware. Having read the other reviews of this product on this site, I decided to go ahead and give these collars a shot despite some of the problems other 
a soap pump that doesn t pump. i bought it. didn t work. exchanged it. the new one didn t work. same problem--the pump is very weak and just barely 
not that great. i thought they would be a lot softer, and they get so increadibly wrinkled when you wash them ... i felt like i needed to iron my 
What A Mess!. Just got this brand new for the holidays and I m here on line ordering a replacement already.Drips all over the place.Filter basket is VERY tricky to 
Cheaply Made. I tried this knife at Sur La Table at the Furi demo. They appeared to be very sharp. However I did not like these knives for the following 
Lid Doesn t Fit...Leaks Water All Over Counter. The oval Rival crockpots have a design flaw. The lids do not properly fit. This causes condensation to leak out of the 
Items was damaged. I was very disappointed to find the iron broken. So I have no idea if it worked well. Now I have the expense of sending it back, 
not as cool as I thought it d be... I used an avocado smaller than the tool, so I had to uncomfortably squeeze the tool until it d fit. Then 
You get your 15 worth. If you are looking for something with great sound quality or even great accuracy in measurment, this isn t for you. The radio is hard 
Could be much better, potentially dangerous. Due to the size of our turkey this year and the haphazard job of getting turkeys out of the roasting pan all prior years, 
Microwave Safe? Only if it means it doesn t explode in there... I own the graphite style of this set. I was originally very happy with the purchase - the 
It just sucks!. I bought this sofa about 6 months ago. Already, I can feel all the springs in the sofa. The springs croak loudly everytime someone sits on the 
Warning - New Design does not work with PUR Water Coolers!!. I bought a pair of these at Target last week and went to install them in my PUR branded 
I thought I liked it, but then... I started out liking this machine, despite being not so fond of our former Dirt Devil screamer with the ridiculous belt changing routine. 
Really bad idea. Why oh why did I buy this useless thing? I have a perfectly good Cuisipro mesh 13-inch screen, which does what it is supposed to do, namely 
Wrong Bowls sent and returned twice Billing a BIG question. I never received the large bowls. The small cereal bowls were sent twice quickly but wrong size both times and 
Bright blue Light and too noisy for bedroom use. What was good about it was the small compact table top size and it did produce a very nice mist immediately 
Caveat Emptor. This was a special offer and the price seemed excellent. Description stated Standard Classic White Goose Down Feather Pillow . A more accurate description would have been Mostly 
Dull and very pilled after 2nd washing. I loved these sheets when I first received them and would have written a glowing review then. However, now that I have washed 
Beware...wrong size!. They are supposed to be king size, but when I tried to place them on my bed, I realized that they were queen size instead. The hassle of 
May LOOK sturdy, but looks are deceiving!. I allowed myself to be seduced by this juicer s unique good looks and vendor propaganda regarding its sturdy cast-iron construction.Well, I juiced 
Not Even Close to Being Worth The money. Other than the look, which has now been duplicate by other companies, there is absolutely no reason to buy this incredibly expensive 
Dead Flowers. Sent flowers to my father s girlfriend in Florida for her birthday. Flowers were left on the porch to die in the hot Florida sun. My father tried 
Scorched my dog s neck. Please beware when buying this product. Look at the photos in the image gallery of my dog s neck. This product was used exactly under 
Didn t work at all. I guess misters are hard to make because most of the ones I have bought in my life don t work out of the box 
Batteries and DC Adapter don t mix! Clip destroys books. The design for using the DC adapter with this little light is extremely poor. It is possible that I missed 
didn t work. I thought this would be a great way to train my puppy to ring the chime when she had to go out. I was so excited to 
Broke in the oven... As a previous reviewer reports mine broke as I was lifting it out of the oven the 5th or 6th time I used it  
Its not a slip cover!. its a throw. like a blanket. i would have been better off with a pretty cutain to think of it. it would be better than 
Not so great. The sheets have huge lint balls, which get on your floor, your clothes, your hair, your comforter, your blanket. I don t recommend these sheets  
Jack LaLanne Power Juicer - Juice Extractor- The ultimate Lemmon. I thoroughly enjoyed the fresh juiced fruits & vegetables and did feel more energized from my Jack LaLanne Juicer which 
Dirty Dust Cup and Loud. I just purchased this vacuum this morning and vacuumed the entire house...and now I am afraid that I have to return it back to the 
Junk. Broke after only a few months of mild use. Junk. Save your money  
Try the WindTunnel Electronic Canister Instead. That model costs just a few dollars more and comes with an additional powered hand-held tool, and also a hard-floor cleaning tool, both of 
Not worth all the noise. It only crushes one ! ice cube at a time, which seems pretty foolish. Perhaps if you re patient you ll eventually have enough crushed 
Grossly Misrepresented. Unfortunately, I didn t see the other feedback on this item. I concur with the other buyer. The item you receive is NOT the item pictured. I did 
Don t Buy - Junk. After hours of attemps to assemble this, we ve given up. We re taking it back and finding something else. Poor quality  
To hard to figure out. I did not like this product. I m not aspiring to learn how to be a coffee expert. I tried this out a few times. 
I concur with David Mace s review. Once that plastic part breaks ... its over.I can not find a replacement part for it.Otherwise nice can opener  
2-star Review. I would not recommend purchasing these sheets. They are thin, not very soft, and they wrinkle easily  
Plastic spoon rest that s nothing special. I received this spoonrest as a free gift. The only advantage I can see about it is that it matches the other Corelle 
cant keep it sharp. bought a global knife a few years ago then bought the water ceramic sharpening device. cannot keep this knife sharp. it sits in my block with 
Didn t last 6 months. This was chosen for my mother-in law because of the color. It still heats, but doesn t control the toasting time. Pop-up toaster have worked 
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS ITEM!!!. I placed in order for this item back in November of 2003. It was suppose to be a Christmas present for a relative. The webpage 
Where do I start... I purchased this unit a few weeks ago, and it s been trouble ever since. I think I managed to get one decent cup of coffee 
Overpriced, medium grade product. Linens and things had better towels !!!!! at 5 dollars.You pay 9 to 13 dollars at Amazon then pay more to ship to you!!!PLEASE DO NOT 
A very terrible product!. I went to get the swiffer sweeper vac and ended up buying this. I thought wow, what a good idea. You can vac and mop with 
Expected Better. It s not a bad item but doesn t really work like described. Several cycles are needed in order to clean an item and some additional brushing might 
Tough clean up. The thing I hate about this is cleaning out the grounds..the easy way is rinsing it out in the sink, however it s no good to have 
Don t believe the hype. My dog had this ball in tiny plastic pieces in 3 hours. He popped the Everlasting treat out in just under 10 minutes. Granted, he 
Dangerous... Doesn t whistle as it is supposed to, handle get s very hot I have a gas stove  
I paid shipping for someone else s error. I ordered this product online and received it with a broken lid. Feeling very disappointed, I returned it and asked for a 
Leaves lettuce good and wet. I ve tried just about every salad spinner on the market and this one is average at best. After reading some of the reviews on 
Zorbs your time and nothing else!. I just spent two futile hours trying to remove some garden variety dirt from my stairs. I vacuumed and I really can t say 
Short lived. Until a week ago, I d have given this coffee maker four stars because it has brew-strength control. Last week, though, the clock face turned entirely black and 
Makes a horrible mess - Do NOT buy this item. This coffee maker has a serious design flaw which causes it to make a mess when brewing 2 cups at 
Very Poor Quality. I am very disappointed. These flowers are worse than what you see at a grocery store. I ended up paying more from another vendor and getting flowers 
Good for 4 Years. I ve had this toaster for four years now. It just started going down hill recently.-It started toasting too darkly on the settings I had consistently 
Not comfortable. I did not find these pillows comfortable for airplane travel. They are too big and bulky to provide any comfort. I guess they would be fine if you 
A LOT smaller than picture. I was disappointed with the size of the actual product because it was like a toy for my younger granddaughters. Kayla and Tarra are 13, 
It leaks!. This shaker has what s probably the worst design flaw that a shaker could have--it leaks. The lid fits into the cup, and does not form a tight 
very disapointed in this waffle maker. I added this as a third waffle maker. We line them up when the kids all come home with their families. I added a 
Great little plate, while it lasts. We bought these for our two girls 2 and 5 so that they could have dishes matching out stoneware and they were great, for 
Terrible, Terrible. I tried it and the meat got stuck. I had to disassemble and clean multiple times to finish grounding two pounds of meat. Ended up returning it  
Expensive filter and no control. Filter is made of the paper and you have to change often, otherwise it melts down. It is a 6.99 each. Even if you buy 
Ok unit. Gaggia used to be the cat s meow in espresso. They have lost the bubble in the last ten years. Many other machines do more, are easier to 
Disapionted. This coffee maker is just what I was looking for, but considerably more money that I wanted to spend on a coffee pot, After reading all the reviews here 
Think twice. Well after reading the reviews of this vacuum, I decided to give it a try. I have had it a month now and I have to say that 
The China product is just a bit different than the USA product. We purchased a partial set of this dinnerware last year and it was made in the USA. We 
Poor workmanship. Poor workmanship, rusted inside of chrome cover is it really chrome with rust on it , very poor construction of the rubber piece and is smells like rubber.I 
Reasonable quality bad service. They promise lifetime warranty and in their papers they say you pay 4.95 for shipping but they don t say it is only for 3 blades.Plus 
broken handle. Yep. I read what everyone said about how breakable the crock and the lid are. So I always used extreme caution when handling mine. I got it for 
Great machine when it works. My girlfriend and I recently bought two ultrasonic humidfiers -- this machine and an Air-O-Swiss 7135. The Venta worked well when it worked. However, it 
Self Cleanning Litter Box From Omega. The litter box does not work as advertized. It says to roll it over and the clumped litter will fall into the collection container. 
My Pups Just Didn t Get How To Use This Product. I was really hopeful about this product working. I have four dogs, ages 2 through 8. I tried and 
What s lower than 1 star?. Short version. I bought it. It worked once, though the floor seemed damper than the air. The next time I woke to the smell 
Shorted out on first use... I don t know who else bought this but I can t imagine what would have happened had we waited to actually get INTO the 
May be a good pan, but... This may be a good pan, but someone needs to improve the packaging used for shipping. Both of the units I ordered came broken, 
Disappointing. I ve been using a Tefal MaxiFry dry fryer for some time but it had two problems that prompted me to look for an alternative: it was difficult to 
Save your money. I don t have this toaster but I have a Delonghi and it sucks. Uneven toasting and slow. With a name like Delonghi you would think it 
Cheaper at Eureka s own site. I love my 71a vac, but this replacement filter is available for less directly from the manufacturer s site even when their high S&H 
Horrible, cheap and plasticky, also - doesn t froth. What a total waste of money this was. I d been after a frother, having used one at a friend s 
Hard to use. I find that it doesn t slide easily, even when the seal is oiled which you have to do whenever you wash it, a bit of a 
Can t believe it s still on the market. This is without a doubt the WORST appliance I have ever purchased...&amp; I purchase a lot! I have had 4 units 
Only good for hot-dog duty. I bought this crock-pot a year ago because I commute an hour to the school I teach at and end up exhausted by the time 
Bad shaft. There are only two mixers on the shaft. As a result it is very difficult to mix the ice cream into a thick milk shake  
Not like my old oxo spoon. I have an oxo spoon I bought a couple of years back. It s a well-made heavy spoon. But when I recently went to 
SANYO = JUNK. Bought this micro in Jan., 2006 and by Oct. 2006 was having big time problems.This microwave oven is a fire hazard!The one I bought started arcing, like 
Terrible Service and Total Disappointment. Buying this DeLonghi deep fryer has turned out to be our worst online shopping experience. We bought it in fall 2006. It broke down and 
2 1 2 Stars ~ Good concept, Poor excecution. Got this tea kettle for a gift recently. It s discontinued on Amazon but they sell it at Home Goods for 
Don t like the texture. The texture and feel of these sheets does not feel like a 600 thread count fabric. Even after several washings, they feel coarse and rough. 
be aware. This is not a 2 quart sauce pan, it is 2.5 quarts, exactly the same as the one that comes with the se  
Does not work. It crushes the cereal into practically nothing and it is so hard to turn I can barely do it, never mind letting my kids try to do 
the sewing machine is Cheap!. The sewing machine, is built very cheaply, does not even sew correctly, I understand i didnot pay that much, but to feel you really are 
Nice as a one season sheet set. I have to admit that I love this set. Especially since I found it hard to find white flannel sheets. Most have some 
Furminator instead. The way the brush is situated on the handle makes this brush difficult to use. I would get the Furminator instead, it has the same deshedding edge but 
The travel mug is a joke. As the other reviewer said, the brew cone works wonderfully. Throw away that fancy 150 auto drip that sings Dixie. This little cone will 
scratches floors. I was pleased with the way the Hoover cleaned my floors, except that I had to empty the containers too many times. After using it for 3 or 
cracks & chips. I do not recomend the sango nova dishes and accessories. I loved the look of these dishes, so I bought everything that went together. Only to be 
Thumbs down. This was a total disappointment for me, the brush is a thousand times better  
disappointment. While I still Love the pattern and the color was just what I d hoped, I received two sets of these dishes and both had air bubbles in the 
Wire broke within 2 weeks. I thought this was a good slicer until I tried to slice a block of Extra Sharp Cheddar and the wire snapped about halfway through 
Horrible Quality. I washed this quilt on a very delicate cycle, brand new, so that I could use it and when I took it out of the washing machine, it 
 laguiole steak knives. The finish was atrocious; the handles were finished very irregularly, and the steel of the blades was badly scuffed. The little wooden rays were a joke. 
buy the Brittany!!. I have loved every Le Creuset product I have purchased with the big exception of the Whistling Teakettle! I did away with it a couple of months 
DO NOT BUY!!. I purchased this unit from BB&B and brought it home. I unpacked the unit, filled it with water and allowed the filter to soak. Got everything all 
works but. The design of this ice cream maker leaves a lot to be desired. Only small cracked or shaved ice will fit around the tub and the plastic lid 
Pretty, but doesn t hold enough filling. This quesadilla maker makes a very colorful addition to the kitchen counter--but that s about it. It doesn t allow you to put 
Broken Gift. I gave these glasses as a Christmas present and found out less than a month later that they broke after a few uses. How embarrassing! Go to Pier 
It does nothing to my berber carpet... It does nothing that I can see except leave a pleasant scent. I scrub it in with a firm bristle brush, wait 30 
Try before you buy. This is an expensive machine that locks you into an expensive proprietary cartridge system. There are competing systems which make just as good and hot a 
Cheap quality, do not be fooled. Imagine the cheapest pillows you can find, and then imagine a pillow one step up. This is what you get from this product, a 
One star is too many!!!. Do not purchase any product from this seller. I ordered the magic bullet via echeck. i cancelled my order and was promised my money returned 
kitty loves it - but its problematic!!. My cat loved to drink out of the tap. So we bought this pet fountain to keep it off the sink. it works 
Not worth your time or money. Definitely not what I thought it was going to be. These were flimsy and cheap feeling towels, and I returned them within five minutes 
Not spectacular. I bought this paper towel holder because I wanted an under cabinet model with a brushed stainless finish to go with our kitchen remodel. The big problem: when 
Shipped wrong unit in right box... Got the toaster oven instead of the convection oven twice..  
Waist of time. This machine is totally a waste of time, you would never ever make a pasta in 15 minutes, you would make the pasta in 4-5 hours. The 
Not a good as I d hoped. The light output of this device is inadequate for reading at night. It would have been better with three for four LEDs  
not for people who love sandwiches. this is poorly made and broke within a month. can only handle small thin square bread. will not work for better breads which are 
Don t Buy This Toaster!. I bought this toaster and a B&D coffeemaker that s no longer available because it sucked! on the same day back in December 2005. They 
Works IF you are able to get it to close properly. I have just used this spinner for the first time in a long while. Now I remember why I 
Defective and can not keep warm for more than 1 hour. WHY WHY WHY didn t I listen to the reviews? I guess I was excited about the coolness of 
not accurate. this thing has big numbers on it, but is not very accurate, at least 10 off in temp and humidity. spend your money on something else, like a 
Customer service-lacking. I got this machine as a gift for Valentine s Day. I spent a number of years in Seattle and am a bit spoiled when it comes to 
extra light weight. I should have read the other review more closely. This is a good blanket for HOT summer nights! I believe it is too light for cold winter 
What s the Point?. I apologize for reviewing a product that I don t own, have never owned, and won t ever own or need. In general, I m against 
Cover doesn t fit properly. This is just the right size for one martini but the cover doesn t fit properly. You have to really push it down firmly or 
Think of the Worst Flatware... Think of the worst flatware you have ever used. Now polish it up a bit, square off the edges & you have an approximation of 
KitchenAid Pro Line frozen dessert maker. Not up to standard set by other KitchenAid Pro Line appliances. When dessert is frozen will not dispense even with mix engaged, when thawed, 
Cooks well but poorly balanced. I bought this pan to replace a covered 10 pan. Out of the box I noticed that the lid felt heavier than the pan. Although 
Cannot recommend. These are probably some of the worst knives I have tried using. Their serrated edge means that they tear whatever you are cutting, and they stick to the 
slate tables. This photo is very misleading. The table legs are gold with stripes of black and what is described as slate top is black tile. The photo showes the 
cheap, noisy and messy. cheap and splashes water all over the place. noisy to  
Great if you like warm food... If you are looking for a compact refrigerator to keep food cold then don t buy this one. Temp only gets down to 48... 
this isn t a great peeler... There s no doubt about it - this is an attractive looking peeler. However, looks aside - it doesn t really perform that great 
Just ample!. I ordered two of these microsuede comforters; one in green and the other in brown. I was disappopinted in both. The comforter is not plump enough to add 
Not worth it... The construction and stability of this unit is sub par at best. Save yourself the trouble and go to Home Depot and get their Storage Unit-it is 
Don t buy a Hoover. This is the 2nd Hoover I bought in less than 2 years. The first was so terrible I threw it away. This model broke after 
broken in 1 year. it s unfortunate it s no longer heaiting after a year. i was taking a good care of it, so i m sad. it seems half 
MECHANISM NOT SUBMERSIBLE. A major problem with this spinner is that the mechanism, which sits in the middle of the bowl and touches the lettuce, is not submersible or dishwasher 
Don t waste your money!. This is a definitely a disposable vacuum. The hose is too thin so it gets clogged alot, and motor burns out 1 month on usage 
Sandwich cage way too narrow. The Duallit sandwich cage barely holds one half-inch piece of bread, let alone two for a sandwich. It rips the bread and makes a mess 
Got what I paid for... The can opener... doesn t. It just turns and turns and hardly goes around the can at all. I had paid 19.99 for the set 
These don t expand to fit all wine bottles. I previously had a chrome wine stopper purchased from another store, but it was damaged by falling into an active garbage 
GARBAGE!. I picked this coffeemaker up on the Remanufactured deal on Amazon. What I did not know was that Remanufacturered meant obvious warranty returns jammed into a new box and 
Not that great. I bought one of these at the Target store itself, and I loved it, It fit alot of my cd s & DVD s. I soon needed 
Worked great for less than a year. Will work fine if you only use a few light coats. Not designed for a family of four in a colder region. It 
Doesn t stand up straight after a few months of use. I ve had this lamp for a few months now, and it appeared to be OK at first. However, 
Not what I expected from Braun. This coffeemaker is a huge disappointment! The stop when you remove the coffee pot rarely works, when pouring coffee the lid is not well 
Piece of Junk. This scale is a piece of junk! Every time I would put food on the scale and get a reading, after waiting a few minutes the number 
This Oven is TRASH. I bought a Haier convection oven and it broke after only a few months. I called their customer service department and they said they would send 
Pretty glassware but flimsy. I received a 12-pc set of this glassware as a Christmas gift last year. Of the 12 pieces, we only have one of the large glasses 
Pet Paw Chime. In December 2002, I purchased the pet chime and paw &amp; two additional paws. I was extremely satisfied with them until the past couple of weeks. In 
De-evolution. This item did not work when I got it. I returned it to Zelco, who informed me that it was my error, they did not do refunds, and returned 
Plastic Tool Holder-Would Not Buy Again. This tool holder is fairly bulky. I couldn t find the single strong metal ones I was looking for and thought this would be 
Don t buy this unsafe appliance. A couple of days ago I depressed the switch to begin toasting a piece of sliced bread, when all at once a blue flash 
Smokin - but not from the food!. I ve had this griddle for maybe a year and use it 3-4 times a month. Yesterday, I noticed a smell and then 
Drippy Tea Kettle. I paid too much money for this tea kettle to drip from under the spout and spit water all over the stove before it even whistles. This 
Worst purchase ever. Normally things I purchase, have no problem. This item is now being used to heat water when company comes over for tea. Has to be the worse 
Sateen sheets?. We received our sheet set and they felt like Sateen, but when we washed them they lost the Sateen feel. They feel like flannel. We are very disappointed 
This collar almost killed my cat. Beware! This collar does not break away, and is not safe. This morning my kitty became entangled in part of my son s toy 
not pleased with the performance. Hello, delivery was prompt but the product is poor quality. The dowls do not fit into the support frame so the whole thing falls apart. 
Function of the One Touch Can Opener. This item has not functioned at all for me. Removable of the battery cover required rubber gloves for traction and the opener would 
T-Fal Avante Elite toaster oven is a total bow-wow. If I could give this product 0 stars, I would. READ THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS, FOLKS, AND BE FOREWARNED. I believed the 
If I could give 0 stars, I would. Great price, poor product. They are beautiful upon arrival. I washed them according to manufacturer s instructions. You would not believe the 
Not Worth The Money. We bought this thinking that it would make food prep easier, especially french fries and salsa. It s just not doing the trick effectively. Even my 
so cute. This is a cute toy, I guess for a little toy type dog. My dobermans got a hold of it and it was falling apart in minutes. It 
what happened. Worked splendidly for 2 weeks then completely stopped. Someone in this family had thrown out all paperwork, instructions, receipts, warranty info- everything. Now what  
Brother ES2000 Sewing Machine - had to return it the next day. I just bought this machine and was very excited. I unpacked it and was planning to sow a 
Sad Product !!!. I tried to buy this opener for my mother for Christmas but they were sold out everywhere so I bought her a good manual one instead, and 
Can t believe I purchased it twice. Although the concept is excellent, the execution is an utter failure. The nonstick coating peels in less than 2 months. The temperature controls 
Prepare for Disappointment. Get ready to assemble over 100 ill-fitting pieces frame, slats, screws, washers, handles - it took me more than 3 1 2 hours & I m a 
Good Coffee, fair coffee maker. Makes good coffee but if I had it to do over again, I d just buy a good drip maker and save the money. Cleaning 
Problem Appliance. I just now read the reviews of other customers and I agree with everyone who rated this appliance with just one star which it doesn t even deserve 
not working as advertised. no way do you get up to 4 months usage as advertised on TV. customer support says up to 100 gallons of water - I doubt 
nonstick coating comes off. I bought 4 of these springform pans to make cheesecake for gifts.Two of them started to peel and I had to toss them  
Broke the first time I used it. Sure, it gets the pits out of the cherries. But after just the seventh or eighth cherry, the metal stay snapped cleanly off. 
Hamilton Beach Eclectric coffeemaker, apple. I didn t even use this coffemaker. The apple color was so ugly reminded me of the avocado in kitchens of the 50 s & 
Wonderful, until the handle cracked. I purchased this wok for my husband s Christmas present. It was lovely, we cooked two meals in it Christmas day. Nice heat transfer, beautiful 
looks CAN be deceiving. What a beautiful hunk of toaster. But alas, all style, no functionality. First the lever which helps lift up the bread stripped its gears approximately 3 
Great while it lasted. I loved this while it worked. This worked great for the first 2 times we used it. After that it wouldn t work. It has a 
Fragile--arrived broken. Bulky handle. This spoon has a plastic core, which is fragile enough that mine arrived already broken in two, clean across the neck.The handle on the spoon is 
Cute Set, Very Cheaply Made & Very Rough. I was so excited to get this set in the mail for my son, but when I took it out of the 
Disgrace to a fine Chinese cooking tool. You never ever use an electric wok to cook Chinese food. It is all about the fire and the intensity of the heat. 
Looks Great, Feels Lousy. The comforter has great colors and the lightsaber duel looks excellent. However, as many of the other reviewers noted, the materials used are lousy. As parents, 
Do not buy this box. I bought this as a gift. The recipe box was in 4 different pieces when I opened it. The shipment box was not damaged. It 
Broken button. We got this and still use it, but speed 2 no longer works. This was less than a year before the button broke. It worked nicely when this, 
Did not work. I have ordered this unit twice this past month, the first one did not work properly in one of the units, the signal was distorted. After returning 
Biorb was a bust. Baby Biorb was so cool looking and low-maintenance, I thought I would love it. The problem: The pump is noisy -- it makes more noise than 
Is it really a grill?. My husband was disappointed in this product. What he was used towas being able to grill his hamburgers in the microwave. I was unable to 
Product 5 STARS, Packing -3 STARS, Hassle -1 STAR. Great looking set if they could arrive here without being broken. Amazon, how can you continue to ship these out to 
Works great at first, then turns into a nightmare!. I bought this vac a year ago and it worked great at first, picking up all the stuff you see on 
Terrible packaging, damaged tables. The first table I ordered came with large gashes on the table top, and a cracked horizontal beam. I called Target.com they are AWESOME! and they 
Cheap. Very thin and unsteady. Couldn t open it without having to hold the back of it. It wobbled side to side as I was forcing it to open. I 
do you like molding ridges and wavy glass?. I got a set because the photo looked good. When they arrived, I felt molding ridges in the stem but mostly they 
faded out in spots!!!!. I loved these sheets when I first got them. They look expensive and have a nice thick feel to them. After laundering them in cold water 
Great Coffee Terrible customer service. This unit made rich coffee that was not bitter. After 3 months of use the base power contact became defective and the unit would not 
Too much trouble. Looks great in my kitchen but I, too, only use it for shakes & smoothies. It DOES smell like burning rubber nearly every time. I used to 
Carafe design is horrible. I have had this coffee maker for about a month now and I HATE it. I will first say, the coffe brews fast, tastes good, stays 
Hasn t grown yet. I ve gone through three of these now and I ve never gotten it to look like it does in the pictures. All that happens is 
Form over Function. Yes, I love these wine glasses for their look and their feel and their aesthetics, but all that is for naught because yes, they break way too 
Has problems-buy something else. I ve owned and used this machine for over a year. Sometimes the coffee is really good but sometimes it comes out really weak. If you 
Not for me. The high-tech commercial cooking surface began to come off at the third use of this griddle.I don t know what Evenheat means in their product description, but 
I thought kitchenaid was a good name,was I wrong. I just recieved my knife set 4 days ago.Last night a knife was left in the sink and it rusted.What is 
High Hopes with a let down. I read tons and tons of reviews of this product and decided to take a chance on it. Well that chance did not pay 
OK not great. The paw works but the quality is very low. It is made out of cheap plastic and I found paper stuck inside. The bell rings randomly as 
Lamp Fails to Stand Up. The individual metal pieces that make up the base do not line up when you screw them together. The manufacturer failed to make units that 
no depth stated. I might have bought these pans if I could find out how deep they are  
bark deterent review. The item didn t work at all. As a matter of fact. My dog didn t even flinch when I tested it right next to her head. 
Nasty rubber smell. My dog won t touch this thing, and I m pretty sure it s because of the smell. I even tried putting peanut butter on it and 
Satin Sheets. Not a real quality product, but I wasn t expecting much. Good buy if you want to just try them out, but if you want lasting quality, look 
Not up to expectation. Sharpens knives, but slowly, with a lot of vibration, and a razor edge is unattainable. Not much better than my old can opener that had a 
Oster Digital Toaster Oven with Convection 6058. Bought and returned this oven.It took over 6 minutes to toast 2 slices of bread.I cant wait that long in the morning.The toast 
ehh. The fountian was perfect size and the naturalness of the sound made the environment so relaxing, however it splashed over constantly and it could never hold it s water 
BE VERY CAREFUL. This item comes with many warnings as it should. It can be hazardous to use this heater with an adaptor for a two pronged outlet. The product 
BROKEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I was so looking forward to receiving this desk. When we unpacked it we saw that the desk had been completely broken off on one corner and then REGLUED 
revere lid -- too big for my needs. I bought this lid in hopes it would fit on an old revere pot I have. I does not. It is a 
No lid with this pan. Although the advertisement indicates that this pan comes with a lid you will not receive one and no one at customer service will know why 
This thing is about 85 too expensive. I was excited when I saw the product in a store and read the box. However, after receiving one as a gift, I 
Total junk. I use these alot, and got this to replace a GE timer that had fried.Total junk. The manual override function is just Turn the dial until light is 
FORGET ABOUT SERVICE OR WARRANTY. I PURCHASED THE Z5 FOR A WEEKEND HOME SEVERAL MONTHS AGO. MACHINE IS HARDLY USED. MADE LUKEWARM COFFEE AND SLIGHTLY WARM MILK AND GENERALLY WAS 
looks good but just doesn t cut it. I bought this can opener because I wanted one in black and a stand-up electric that take up less counter space and 
attractive, but useless. i adore le creuset, but this tea kettle was a monumental disappointment. as other reviewers have noted, it rusted within months of purchasing it. however, i admittedly 
silicone cake pan. the first time i used this product, my cake stuck to the bottom, extrememly bad.  
Terrible. poor-quality sewing.. elastic snapped on first use.. the feel like cheap cotton and not sateen  
Star Wars Comforter. Very low quality fabric and hard to make look good on the be  
Misto Gourmet Olive Oil Sprayer. This unit sprays a mist of water nicely. However, any type of oil that I have tried will only be ejected as a weak stream. 
chair step stool not able to be assembled due to flaws. The chair step stool parts do not match, therefore it is not possible to assemble it. I called the 
not quite what it promises. i bought this screen and hoped it would keep the stove top clean whilst i sauteed or fried food. i used it twice and it 
Works, but not for long!. In principle, this should be a great product. We got one and set it up in a few seconds. Our dogs responded to it very 
Does not fit 11 inch plates. The manufacturer states this cover will work on 11 inch plates. It only fits plates 10 1 4 inches in diameter. Otherwise, it seems 
Kind of useless. Our cats aren t into this at all. The only use I ve found is to add a little lining to the bottom of their transport and 
You are supporting the murder of innocent animals in China. These toys, as many other ones that are manufactured in China, contain real FUR, and as many of you know 
Didn t notice a difference. I live in Atlanta, and maybe my water is better than I thought !?! , but I didn t notice any difference at all. The 
You get what you pay for!. I bought these sheets in August of 2006, and after just a couple of washes and a few weeks on the bed, they pilled. 
Lazy Pet kitty window perch. The concept here is good no tools needed to install. The product itself is well made, but the velcro tape does not adhere to the 
Definitely rust and water marks. We ve had this set for years came with my husband, so I m guessing he s had them for about 4 years . Although 
Innovative, looks great, woefully impractical. Bought one of these in my search for a good cheese grater to replace my sadly inadequate KitchenAid KG301 rotary model see reviews on this 
Pleasing to the eye, but poorly made. I really loved the look of the lamp, and it went perfectly in my living room for a reading light next to my 
I hate this blender food processor...do not buy!!!. I ve had this Cuinsart for a little over a year, and it s awful! I can never get the blender unscrewed 
Don t waste your money. I plugged it in and got through 1 shirt before it shut itself off and never worked again. I guess you get what you pay 
Cute but TINY!. I was really disappointed when this item arrived. It is cute and well made, but barely holds a pound of pasta. This is more suited for single 
BOO Thumbs Down. I am usually very happy with Hilfiger Home products. Well, these towels are run of the mill discount linen store quality. There is nothing luxurious about them 
Terrible can opener. This is the worse can opener I have ever bought. It has failed four out of 6 times I have used it!! When it fails , it 
small glass stopper. The positive is that the stopper allows you to not have to pour the wine back into the bottle. The problem is that its hard to grab 
Death Trap!. I am a doctor in a large metro area. I bought Brita filters some months ago, thinking that the tap water needed to be filtered. This filter started 
This is a piece of junk. Buyer beware. This item is junk. The cheap plastic pump put out a dribble and the quit. I should have read the other reviews 
Easily destroyed. We bought this crate as new puppy parents of a labrador retriever. We liked the look of it and it seemed more home-like than the metal crates we 
 Stainless Steel rusts and hard to clean. Although this item s description says it is made of Commercial quality stainless steel it arrived with several rust spots; so much 
Siz is too small. It says this is a 2 burner grill pan but that is so wrong. It does not cover 2 burners it sits in the middle of 
It falls off. I used this once, for about 5 minutes after I installed it, to get some water for iced tea. The water in my apartment is terrible, but 
Avoid this flimsy thing!. The concept of a futon mattress atop slats is actually comfortable and I lay on it for a week happily until I made the mistake of 
Very disappointed!!!. The humidifier started leaking after a few weeks. In another website, a few reviewers also had this problem. The water overflows from the reservoir to the unit and 
poor shipping, damaged pieces. the furniture itself is fine. or rather, it would be if it was shipped properly. before ordering anything from target, think long and hard about how 
Not Durable. Bought this set at Target 3 years ago for 200, and during the first few months was seriously impressed by them. They re heavy, cooked things well, and 
Spice Rack Review. The metal side arms that the drawer slides down on were binding and need some lubrication. Somewhat flimsy. I do not expect it to last long. Nice 
Worst quality. After remodelling our kitchen, I wanted to upgrade the look of items that would be sitting out. When I saw the picture of the towel holder, I thought 
Request a refund. This product does not work. The dial just moves randomly. Please tell me who to contact for a refund  
Complete disappointment!!. I have waited for years to buy Calphalon cookware because I was under the false impression of its quality. I had an old set of S. S. Waterless 
Not as great as anticipated. My husband ordered this, and when we received it, we were so excited to a have something for the kids to use the boys are 
not a time saver. This measuring cup is very difficult to slide and to clean. It is much easier to spray a regular measuring cup with non-stick cooking spray to 
Too much money!. I searched for what I thought would be a great dish rack. This is without a doubt the worst product I have ever bought! There is nothing 
Doesn t work in all Krups 10-12 coffee makers???. One reviewer said this filter does not work in all Krups 10-12 coffee makers--as advertised. What s up with this, Krups 
You definitely get what you pay for... I am glad I only paid 60 for this. I see it s now up to 90.I am a bit disappointed in this 
Average Ronco Junk. As with any Ronco product, it is very cheaply made, with seemingly nothing more than mass-production and profit margins as the basis. Fruit on the bottom tray 
good for very short time. The batteries don t last very long and are expensive to keep replacing and the collar itself stopped working all the time after about 6 
heavy, loud, doesn t work. I hate this vacuum. Like others said, it s loud - and no, not all vacuums are THIS loud to the point where I wonder 
WHAT A LEMON. Do not even think about!!! I love KitchenAid products but what a lemon they should be ashamed. The first one broke during shipping the second one on 
Lightweight piece of junk. I ordered this pan beacuse I liked the old RevereWare pan I have had and wanted another. I received this pan and could not believe how 
Defective and not as nice as it looks!. I ordered this timer and was excited this was stylish and red to match my kitchen. This ended up being a nuisance 
Disappointed. Unfortunately, I have to say I am disappointed with this coffee pot. It is difficult to fill with water, it drips when I pour coffee from the carafe, it 
Everything sticks to this pan!. Believe me, I dearly wanted this pan to work out. It costs well over 100. However, no matter what I did, everything I cooked in 
You dont need it. I dont see the point in this, the Mighty bright LED light lasts a lifetime because it uses L.E.D. therefore you will not need replacement. Besides 
Poor performance. I bought this waffle iron new and have had horrible results. I varied the temperature setting and recipe numerous times, but every waffle stuck to the iron and 
review of trudeau salt pepper gravity mill. At first we loved it. Then it began to jam. When we cleared the pepper, it worked for a while and then jammed 
BUY A 5.00 PILLOW FROM WALMART INSTEAD!!. This pillow is EXTREMELY overrated!! I have slept better on a cheap Walmart pillow. It did nothing for me or my husband after 
Not what I ordered. I orderded this item and was sent a smaller version which holds approximately 1 1 2 cups max. I purchased it as a gift and failed 
Nothing Special. I bought this vacuum about a year and half ago and was very disappointed from the start. I was excited to purchase this machine b c of all 
HUNTERS TOYS. THIS TOY DIDN T EVEN LAST 3 MINUTES. HE HAD THE STUFFING OUT IN 10 SECONDS FLAT  
One star for looks. Zero for use. These are the arm candy of knives. They re pretty to look at but are essentially useless.My blades began rusting a day after 
save your money... the neighbor has a yapping mutt that barks night and day...since the police won t do anything about it, i bought this bark free...hahaha...what a joke...the darn 
Didn t do the job. This coffee mug did not keep the coffee hot. I would not make the same purchase again  
Useless for what I wanted to do with it. I ll second Bargain Savvy Mom s review. I don t want a brush to vacuum large, flat, smooth surfaces. I 
Found it to be inaccurate. I finally threw my TruTemp instant digital thermometer away last night after several inaccurate readings caused me to overcook a lovely piece of beef. I 
cookware. I really was nt happy 1 pot is out of round lids don t match pans  
yes sharp edges. Be aware that this can opener cuts the lids off cans below the ridge creating 2 sharp edges...on the lid and on the can itself. Otherwise, it 
Frothing Thermometer. Just recently purchased the Thermometer and the clip does not hold the theremometer in place. Paid 6.50 for item and 6.34 for shipping and was very displeased upset 
May be I got defective piece !?!. One of the mortars 3.5 diameter mortars broke just after a week. I used it for nuts almonds and walnuts and hand washed 
Same problem, threads stripped!. I have had the same problems everyone else has described. After only two uses, the threads on the mug s lid were stripped  
Marble cheese slicer. The cheese slicer came defective. The handle was completely missing and the slicer wire was bent. The box was slightly open and there was no safety packaging 
a weakling espressione. After reading all the other rave reviews, I thought I had found the dream machine!...but...alas my old Krups, though slightly on the down side of it s 
Good chance this won t perform as promised for the price. We love the Omega Paw litter boxes to death, but when we got our first two we ordered these 
Don t bother!. I bought this machine on 17 February 2007 and packaged it for return on 6 March. At first, it worked like a gem, the instructions were easy 
Defective parts ruin a great design. The oven works perfectly when new. Actual temperature is exactly as shown on the temperature dial. As the oven is used, the thermostat distorts. 
Poor Construction, poor instructions. We bought this because the picture looked great. First of all, the instructions are poor, and require one to take a piece off before putting another 
Not worth the money. I am very very disappointed with this product. I was so excited to get it because I thought it would clean my tile that I have 
Wamsutta 300-thread count egyptian sateen x-tra deep queen sheet set, ivory. If I could, I d rate these as -5 stars.I read the reviews, and decided to try these for 
Always out of service - always!!!!. This is THE WORST vacuum we have ever had. It doesn t pick up pet hair - what the heck? It doesn t do 
Terrible product. The case itself was falling apart. It was impossible to get the thread through the needle hole either, so this product was a total waste of money on 
Where are the replacement batteries?. We have had the cordless blender for 3 years now, and although it was a bit cumbersome at first because we were used to the 
pepperball hand cramp soup = new pepper mill. I agree with all the previous reviews: it s a cute, but largely ineffectual device. It would be fine for a person 
Bodum Povina glasses. These glasses are very attractive to look at but they are too delicate for every day use. I broke one while washing it after just several uses 
Regret the buy. The product came chipped on the bottom so its lopsided. Much smaller than anticipated, I can only fit a tablespoon in it  
Very Hard to Construct. This is a very difficult item to construct. It has many pieces and lousy instructions. Unless you are an expert at constructing flat pack - my 
Don t buy this!!!. I don t usually write a bad review but I have to in this case.This broke on the very first potato I put in it. I 
Warm, weak coffee brewed at a turtle s pace. My parents have this coffee maker and every time I m at their house for a few days I have to 
NO STARS - UGLY COLORS. This is NOT the product that will be shipped to you. I purchased these because the bright blues match my kitchen. I am sad to 
Rusty Pressure Cooker. I bought this Presto 01370 8-Quart Stainless Steel Pressure cooker Canner from Amazon on May 09 and I received on May 16. Amazon did a good job 
DON T BUY THIS!!!. WHATEVER YOU DO, DON T BUY A SHARK. IT IS A TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY. IT HAS TO BE THE WORST PURCHASE THAT I HAVE EVER 
great concept...poor excecution. I went for this fryer , as a replacement for a well loved and much used unit , for the two basket feature. This is the reason 
Spoons are too wide. I liked the look of these measuring spoons, but I ve hardly used them. The spoons are so wide, even the smallest measure cannot fit into 
Light? What light?. DO NOT BUY THIS LIGHT! Provides poor light, and begins to fade after a few minutes. Don t waste your money like I did  
Dissapointed. The concept was great. But after only a month or so, flaws started showing. The inserts started bending and warping, seperating at the edges and cracking. I purchased them 
3-cp French press coffee-make by Bodum. If you re into tea-cup-size coffee cups, then this is a 3-cupper. If not, it s close to useless, as it is for me. 
Don t waste your time or money. Our dogs didn t even notice it. We have three small terriers and I thought this would be a suitable device for a 
BAD COFFEEMAKER. Coffeemaker just quit yesterday makes cold coffee now unable too use. got a three year warranty and lasted three months. Biggest waste of money yet. Now call customer 
Lukewarm coffee at best. I read other reviews saying that the coffee was not hot enough but I assummed that those posters were picky and needed a very hot cup 
It works, but there s a slight problem. People who complain that the aerosol can is empty the next day should listen closely to the product. The one I ordered 
Worked great.........at first. Was happy with this toaster until I had it for about 4 months.At that time the lever started acting up by not staying down.Sometimes it worked other 
NOT low lint. Thick towels but shed, even after washing. Don t wash with anything else but other towels. Seem to have good color saturation. Nothing special, but better than 
Not as heat resistant as they claim!. The glove fits conveniently however, beware before you reach into a hot oven. Within about 5 seconds I could feel that the glove 
It s broke already!. I received this product as a gift. It was broke within 4 hours of opening it. Someone was playing with it normally and the ball smashed 
Not as ugly as the rubber one, still just as useless. This product DOES NOT WORK. The makers should be ashamed of themselves for charging so much money for something 
For Horses NOT dogs. Don t make the mistake of thinking your dog could play with this. It s to large. Would be great if they made it smaller for 
Broke on first use. I wish I had read the customer reviews before purchasing this. My wife just tried to use our Kitchenaide egg slicer for the first time and 
not so good. This timer is inadequate in two ways. First, the volume of the beep is too low and can t be heard more than two feet away. Secondly, 
Pills and snags. I was very excited with such a inexpensive purchase for high count sheets, but very soon I learned it was not such a great deal. Beware if 
My wife was injured by the glass. We received these glasses as a wedding gift through our registry. When washing the glasses for the first time, my wife cut her 
Shoddy piece that passes as a vacuum. The piece is basically a brush that collects all the hair on its bristles. I would say the brush is worth 2 and 
Broke quickly. I liked this when it arrived. However after a few uses the pestle broke in two. The pestle is hollow and apparently quite fragile, making it of little 
Makes bad coffee. I haven t had a problem with this item but that doesn t really matter. I won t use it anyway because it makes awful coffee. I 
No coarse grind, feed clogs. Pros:Grind is pretty consistent, noise is about what I would expect from a plastic body, burr looks like it will outlast any other part.Cons:There is 
Nice comforter, HORRIBLE sheets. I was SO disappointed when I opened the package. The sheets are literally see through and as rough as burlap. Horrible quality material on the sheets. 
not so good. The metal pieces on the sides looked like they were going to slice my cat s throat! threw it in the garbage  
Complaint. I recieved the product as ordered but found it to be larger tnan picture and too bulky for my use. On two different occasions in the past month I 
Didn t think it was much of an improvement. First of all, it was difficult really, impossible to put it together in a way that litter wouldn t leak out 
Breville review. The design is great, the function is not. Always difficult to get both in the same package! I m going to return it. It toasts unevenly. Toast is 
None of my dogs have liked the Wiggly Gigglies. I bought several of these but neither our herding dogs or the setter liked them. Who knows why they like what 
I HATE THIS DEVIL. there...I think my title best describes how I feel about this piece of junk! Read all the reviews..I have the same complaints...from the cord up to 
Seemed Like a Good Idea . . . but it was a waste of money as my cats had zero interest in the grass  
Never turns up on time. Great sugar dish, fantastic colour, but Amazon s shipping time of 1-2 weeks is way off. I ordered this twice and had it take well 
Worthless!. I used this machine twice, the first time it worked like a charm, by the second use it was deteriorating, and when I attempted a 3rd it was unusable. 
Dont waste your time. i bought this oyster knife because i work in alaska and i have to shuck oysters daily i went to use it on the first oyster 
Good design, not-so-good quality. I bought this at a local store half a year ago as I liked the design, but I should have seen this page before that. As 
scratchy sand paper sheets. These sheets are horrible. My son is 7 and refuses to sleep on them. They are stiff, thin, and tore from stretching them over the corners 
Doesn t Work. The first unit s RPM meter did not work and it smelled like it was overheating. The second unit s RPM meter did not work. I ended 
Caveat Emptor. I have 4 of these....If you want a small kind of noisy fan in the room with you buy it. It does a mediocre at best job of 
Not What Was Advertised. I was very disappointed when I received my FloorMate from Amazon.com. The unit works well enough, I guess, but does NOT have spinning brushes or at 
The color is way off and the width is very scanty ... Wish they had zero for starts here! First let me say that the reason this seller doesn t 
Coffee maker okay, cup lid leaks. I have no complaints with the coffee maker however if you intend to use the carafe as a cup look elsewhere. The lid leaks 
Save your money. The can has to be 100 dent free for this to work. If you have even a tiny imperfection in the shape of the can, this thing 
Hunka Junka. Bought this item two years ago for power plus price. The blender ring broke right away and I had to ship it for repair. The speedometer has never 
Shoddy craftsmanship. I ve owned this sofa for less than a year and it completely fell apart. The seat of the sofa is supported by a wooden frame with a 
Deceptive Advertising. From the above title, I thought I was ordering a set of 4 mugs. Howver, when the order arrived, there was only 1 mug.  
Poor quality for the price. This was my second cappuccino maker, and after 1 use I am returning it. It feels really cheaply-built. The knob to turn it from espresso 
You get what you pay for. After having this comforter set for only a few weeks - it started to come apart at the seams. I had to get out 
cheap, overpriced..and 2-prong-not three. very cheap, very flimsy; will it last is the first question that comes to mind. and the plug is really done badly. it is a two-prong 
Zero Stars should be an option!. I asked for a popcorn popper for Christmas, and got this. I had wanted an AIR POPPER, but maybe I wasn t specific when 
For the price,not worth it!. I bought this coffeemaker 6 weeks ago and the burner plate is pealing.I also discovered after I had water and coffee grounds all over,that you 
Delonghi = defective by design. We had a rude awaking today, our Delonghi toaster was on fire. I will never again buy any Delonghi product. The defective design is in 
Stay Away!. This set of furniture was the hardest store bought item I have ever tried to put together, and I have done many. Not one of the screw holes 
Regret the buy. The product came chipped on the bottom so its lopsided. Much smaller than anticipated, I can only fit a tablespoon in it  
Good espresso but horrible hardware. We ve had our Baby Gaggia for a little over a year now and are already on our third set of buttons. After regular use 
Misleading Description. I have no idea how the item works, but the description is misleading. The item does NOT hold 11 cups. It holds a little over 2 cups. It 
Not for olive oil. I ve had two of these stop working when used with olive oil, sadly, though the canola oil one is still going strong  
Worst investment Ever. I opened this product and started reading the manual the same day I received this product. I had trouble operating the operating valve and getting it to 
coffee lover, pot hater. This coffee pot was excellent when I first purchased it. The coffee tasted wonderful and it was always hot and brewed quickly. It hasn t been 
Cute but AWFUL. You cannot hear the timer... it is poorly made and was an absolute waste of money. I love kitchen aid mixers and my kitchen aid dishwasher is 
Zojirushi NS-MYC18 Micom Fuzzy Logic 10 Cup Rice Cooker and Warmer. The rice cooker time takes to lon  
Way overpriced for the quality. I have a simple but very practical stainless steel kettle that I use on a daily basis and love. Unfortunately, when I went to buy 
Very, very disappointed. As careful as I have been the pans are already warping and the finish on one is ruined. The pots are no longer round so the lids 
Good for a kitten. Would be a great product if it was a couple of inches larger in both dimensions. It s not big enough for an adult cat to 
Fools and their money should be separated. 100 for a casserole dish? You have got to be kidding. I don t care how good it is. For 100 it better 
HEAVY VACUUM. I recently purchased this vacuum and it is extremely heavy. I have two dogs and the pet hair does not come out of the disposal tank when you 
the Not So Mini Turbine Tool. Belongs in the trash!. This came with my DC17 Animal vacuum which I LOVE! I have a couple of dachshunds and microfiber sofas so 
I cannot rate this item, but can rate Amazon. I ordered it on 9 9. At the beginning it would come middle of October. It was OK. However, delivery schedule 
Worst popcorn ever!. Received this as a gift some time ago and after my son told me how much better fresh popped corn tastes I bought some popcorn, and buttery 
Worst digital thermometer I ever used!. The temperature settings for the alarm are preset and cannot be manually changed. So if you cook your food using the alarm, you can 
Hilfer Cotton Sheets. If I could have given this a ZERO rating, I would have. I bought these sheets because they were deep pocket sheets. They have shrunk and no 
Not pillow top, not featherbed, not pad, not sure what it is. I bought this thinking it was a cross between a featherbed and one of those space-age memory foam 
 Red Stuff WARNING!. Believe it or not there was red stuff inside!!!!!Today I unscrew my Brita Ultra Faucet Filter System . Well, I was shocked to discover that inside 
They Break!!. We received 2 sets of these glasses for a wedding gift exactly 2 years ago. We LOVE the look of them. HOWEVER - we only have 3 tall 
Too small!. I don t know if this item is for kid s lunch or what. The bag itself is small, and the mug is even smaller! Frankly speaking, I 
not a good choice. This pan is not very versatile-by far my least used pan. It doesn t sit well on a stove burner, doesn t have terrific heat distribution 
Poor quality. Don t waste the money. I bought this item to store toys. The material never unwrinkled so it doesn t look like it does in the picture. It 
Not up to par. I was truly hoping this would be the one to work properly, but unfortunately, it did not perform well. Very disappointed! I t would not run 
looks like a 19.99 rice cooker to me. I can t figure out what is so special about this rice cookerso I am irritated by the price which is making 
attractive, but useless. i adore le creuset, but this tea kettle was a monumental disappointment. as other reviewers have noted, it rusted within months of purchasing it. however, i admittedly 
Oops! Read if color concious. The description on color lists black lines w gray, it is actually dark brown w tan. It is pretty, but if you are matching w 
A plastic toy. This is a waste of money - it broke on the second use. I took it a part to find out why and the entire locking force 
Good idea, poor execution. I really like the raised edges of these boards when working with wet ingredients, like cutting tomatoes. However, the thin material of the boards warps cups, 
Save your money, buy the Infinity. I was in the market for a mid-priced burr grinder way better than blade and after trying the Bodum Antigua and Cuisinart Supreme Grind, 
Do you enjoy the aroma of plastic?. I am a huge krups fan, so I thought I would outfit my new kitchen with a sleek new model, as Pro Aroma 
Good looking but totally unusable. This machine definetely deserves a star is for its &quot;heavy-duty&quot; look. However, I am unable to judge further simply because my specimen broke down after 
Non-stick interior?. I m returning my second sample of this today. Both pots I ordered are not non-stick, despite Amazon s description. Even the literature shipped with the product says 
flip it vacuum. The flip it vacuum was a great idea but little did I know thatI would actually have to put my hand in the bin to pull out 
mission furniture. We found this product less than appealing. The first box the product was poorly made and the drilled holes were not in alignment. There was large dark knots 
Poor Quality. We had a set of Chicago Cutlery knives for many years and thought they were good quality. Over time, the wooden handles dried out and the blades didn 
Hinge Pins Break!!!!!!. My hinge pin broke on one side during second use. I was still able to use to with caution, then within the year the second hinge pin 
sound like plastic bags. really - with a name like simmons I thought it would be a good purchase - you sweat alot because its a layer of plastic - 
extra light weight. I should have read the other review more closely. This is a good blanket for HOT summer nights! I believe it is too light for cold winter 
Bad Design. When my Krups coffee grinder finally expired after several years of faithful service, I decided to order the Capresso because of its larger capacity and vaunted &quot;cool grind.&quot; 
Worked but.... The lid did not fit correctly and there was a large gap between the glass lid and the corningware liner...thus, water evaporated from the food and thus we 
removing the adhesive. Although it may be too late for some unhappy buyers, the adhesive can be easily removed with Goo Gone. Goo Gone is made by Magic American Corp. 
STUPID user interface. The timer looks nice, and the setting ring is indeed made of nice heavy cast metal. But the way that you set it is STUPID: you start 
At this price, run away, run away!!. I picked up a set of these sheets at 59 for king so don t feel I can kick all that much, but 
Leaks. This is my second Brew Station. I have finally learned my lesson. The first one leaked until the electronics failed 6 months . The second one has leaked from 
Got broken items. I ordered four boxes of this item and 3 boxes with 9 glasses were broken. I ordered some flatware together with this order and apparently, Amazon, failed 
not hot enough---grind and brew. Grind and Brew maker, very disappointing! Coffee NEVER hot enough. Too many grounds lost in sink drain during clean up. Cleaning up this pot is 
GARBAGE!!!!! DON T WASTE YOUR MONEY TIME. Poorly constructed, unstable when assembled.Wood looks fake.Very disappointin  
Important, do not purchase this product!. Bad quality, not so durable. Large burner died with 2 months of normal use. I put this product in the trasher  
KitchenAid Can Opener. I was extremely diappointed in this simple can opener. It does not work. The gear and wheel will not cut smoothly and misses some spots. I ve 
Overpriced, medium grade product. Linens and things had better towels !!!!! at 5 dollars.You pay 9 to 13 dollars at Amazon then pay more to ship to you!!!PLEASE DO NOT 
Don t get a gold filter for the Krups FMF5 10-cup programamable coffeemaker. I purchased the gold filter to go with the Krups FMF5 10-cup programamable coffeemaker - since on 
Doesn t work. This is a very poor design. I read the review above and thought maybe he just had gotten a bad product, but I have the same problem. 
Quality is less than I expect from KitchenAid. This toaster is more a decoration than anything else. My kids eat a lot of bagels & frozen waffles, and this machine 
Misleading picture. I got a scale with black numbers and dial - not red, like the scale in the picture you see. Looks bland, not worth the money I paid 
Apron Had a Rust Stain. I purchased this apron as a gift that I planned on getting embroidered. Unfortunately, when I brought it to the Embroidery shop I discovered a 
DO NOT BUY. THESE ARE VERY POOR QUALITY!. I read the two other bad reviews here and just bought 9 of these anyway. I was stupid. I had bought one 
The steamer that was almost good. I was waffling between 2 stars and 3 stars because this isn t a horrible product...but it could have been alot better with minor 
not made in the usa. they advertise this product made in the usa, it is not! the usa plates are great the china made are no  
Buyer beware. I purchased this and the first machine was defective. It was replaced. I received a replacement, which has also died - something with the computer chip this time, 
not deserved 40 bucks. The sheet looks terible after washing the first time. It is not deserved even 20. I don t recommend to buy.  
after 2 washings, they PILL. When you first unwrap these sheets, they look and feel great. But the true test is once they ve been washed a few times. They 
great product but absolutely overpriced here. A great product, but after waiting 2 weeks for amazon to ship, I checked irobot.com. They sell a box of 9 bottles for 39.99 
Butter dish not tall enough. It looks nice but the lid touches the top of the butter and sticks to it  
Beware--no lid. The replacement drip coffee carafe for the Krups Duomo does not come with a replacement lid. Most replacements do, so in this case, don t throw away the 
The worst coffee maker ever. After 3 months of use, the basket does not close properly. I take careful precaution to make sure the basket and caraffe are properly in 
The Knife Butcher. Was excited to buy this item as I had lots of dull knives made by several manufacturers Chicago Cutlery, Victorinox, and Henckel . I tried both sharpeners 
Melitta Take 2 does not make great coffee ... I bought this unit to replace a Black & Decker Brew & Go and my old drip coffeemaker. I was disappointed 
Fountain attracts cats, design flaws hinder people. I m with an animal rescue group so we have a lot of cats. Needless to say we loved the original Drinkwell because 
Junk!. Bought 2 from Walmart to hang up brooms and stuff in the garage.Both had small pieces of plastic already broken off in the package. One was broken enough that 
Where s the cube?. The ice trays have no guiders on the bottom to catch onton the ridges in the freezer. The slide from side to side and overflow at 
misleading description. The wok is atually made of carbon iron, but not cast iron. The name of the item is misleading. I regret purchasing it  
not reliable. Product worked well for several months - providing sufficient heating for moderate-sized space. However, heater now only provides heat for approximately 1-2 minutes after turning on, then sparks 
Disappointment. I have been very disappointed in this product. If I could return them, I would. I purchased this product because a friend of mine has some polycarbonate wine glasses 
Ultra-flexible turner. This turner was much too &quot;soft&quot; for my taste; the neck is bendable to the point that it makes it difficult to use. I have several other Kitchenaid 
Poor Categorisation. Hi,This product did not mention about the non stick interior surface. It just said Hard Anodised. This product when delivered to our house did not have the original 
Pills after the first wash. I ve never had a problem with sheets pilling before, so this was a first. 300 thread count is sort of wasted when there are 
Buyer Beware. This is the worst appliance I have ever bought. Because of the timer the fryer keeps shutting off after 15 min. which is the max you can set 
choose some other product. i have 2 of these things bought from the container store. they suck. like the other reviewer, both of them are sticking in a down position 
Not a good first impression... This nifty piece of machinery was the one choice at my local store and so, I got it. I really wanted to get the Air-O-Swiss 
noisy, finicky. I ve had this for 18 mos. Something came loose in the body and it is now rather noisy. Also, there are times when I have to turn 
Doesn t Deliver on Promises. Not only is there a filter for a product that claims to have none putting aside whether it s needed in non-hard-water areas but, more 
Don t use with batteries!. The design for using the DC adapter with LED Booklight is extremely poor. It is possible that I missed the warning that tells you to 
a disappointment. From the description, I thought these would be a lot more sturdy. They re fine for storing light weight items that you don t need to access often. 
It CAN slice cheese, if it is Brie. This is junk. The blades tore through the plastic with the first potato I tried to slice. The apple slicer broke on 
worthless. Way off target. Said 350 degrees when in reality it was almost 500. Doesnt work  
They don t make them like they used to. I ordered 2 of these 2-quart saucepans because I had owned them and liked them in the past. I only threw 
The worst knives I ve ever bought -- FRAUD. Amazon really needs to put a little quality control into what they sell. Like one of the other reviewers, I bought 
Be ware of spouts for olive oil. I understand the appeal of having the convenience of a spout on a bottle of oil, but be aware that the spout will 
does not work. light arrive did not work... going on 3 months and stil waiting for either replacement or credit to my accoun  
Very Underwehlmed. Top does not heat up enough to sear what you put into the pan. Also, it s very, very hard to clean. I am really disappointed by this 
Looks great...leaks bad. I have to add to the leaks to the point of being useless reviews. It s not just a drop here or there either. It s too 
worthless. Wow, what a fine example of terrible engineering. The only control is a knob that ranges from OFF to SUPER. To set the thermostat, you turn the knob to 
Excessive shipping & handling charges. I haven t received the mug yet, but the shipping & handling fee for this coffee mub was 9.00; nearly half of the cost of 
Still working but we re looking elsewhere. We ve owned this toaster for 2 years now. Because it s lasted that long and due to it s appealing looks, we 
so very disappointed. we had a heated pad for years that finally played out. it was wonderful. wanting to spend less this time than i did for the first one, 
A near miss... Wouldn t you think that the manufacturers of a wine rack would measure the bottles of wine before designing the rack ?Apparently not, in this case. After 
Not 18 10, not high quality. The set is 18 0 stainless steel, meaning there is no nickel and they will not last as long. The pieces are lighter than 
So Sorry Rachael... The set is a bit better than regular knives sold at Walmart, but not by much... She wants you to think they are precision made in Germany... 
Brita Disposable Filter. Difficult to install and needs re-tightening after one or two uses.Not satisfactory  
Falls Short of Promises. I decided to get the Bissell Flip Ease over the competing Swiffer product, because of the reusable pads. When I compared the two, that was the 
Not for real cooks. This set was very disappointing. The knives are light and flimsy. The blades are very small to tiny. Instead of eight steak knives they should have 
Do Not Buy!. I bought this coffeemaker as a gift for my sister and was so embarrassed when she took it out of the box. First, the plastic top is 
If you don t believe me, see my photo. I have the black version, but I m writing reviews for the white and red as well to save you from 
Broken french press = no caffeine = BAD!. I purchased this particular french press two months ago. I was delighted, as it stated that it was top rack dishwasher safe 
Cheap plastic. Its an oven timer, right? So why is it made out of cheap plastic that CAN MELT? The first time it was used was also the last time 
There is no RED, I received White too. Amazon is out of RED. After waiting for 2 months, they shipped a white while the packing list states red. When contacted, 
not what i expected from a 1200 count sheet. This was definitely not what I expected from a 1,200 count sheet. It is simliar, if not as smooth as the 
OXO Steel Wine Pourer. While the wine pourer works as advertised I am disappointed that the company appears to have discontinued the wine stopper I was originally seeking. I was 
Go for the newer model- GT300. PROS: Makes a quick cup of coffee.CONS: I went through two of these. Very cheap and breaks easily.I m finding the specialty pods- Skinny 
The shipping is horrible. I bought these glasses as a Christmas gift. When the box arrived, let me put it this way, the box was nicknamed the Jingle Box. The 
WHAT A PIECE OF JUNK!!!. A complete and utter waste of money, the Rival BD275 double burner hot plate worked exactly half of one time.I bought this because we were 
it is ok. i bought this for my husband who loves cheese he used it a couple of times and it ended up breaking the lats time. it had a 
unsatisfied. Unsatisfied. Never received the item.. Waited 8 wks before canceling order. Purchased item at Macy  
GREAT...at first. I bought this vacuum at a local Costco after reading the reviews online. It was great--for a week until the belt broke after a dodgy incident with a 
Automatic Mode Useless. Got one of these today. Thot the other guys that had this problem were just unlucky, and decided to trust the Honeywell name. Boy, was I wrong. 
Worthless despite the hypw. when i first put this on i thought hey i can t smell it anymore. well that illusion only lasted a day and the odor came 
disappointing. I was so excited to receive such a beautiful pan for Xmas. However, if my experience today is representative of how this pan performs, I won t be using 
They were kidding, right?. Let me get right to the point... it doesn t work. For those that claimed it did... maybe they just WANTED it to work so badly 
Euro-Pro versus less expensive. I have a less expensive cordless sweeper that is doing a great job but I thought I would give this cordless a try. I have been 
Works well. Very hard to clean. This as a new and improved Zyliss press. It does not come with the plastic cleaner the older model used because it has a 
Died after 3 months!. I purchased this opener 12 6 06 and the motor quit 3 5 07. What really troubles me is that I probably only open five or 
Attractive cutting board, but warped. This red-and-white cutting board looks attractive and helps brighten up the kitchen counter. However, it arrived warped, so that I really can only use one 
Inferior quality and lousy Sitram customer support. After 6 months of use, the handle holder on the lid came off due to fatigue at welding joints. Since the other pieces 
you only get what you pay for!. I reviewed on-line information for 10 days before purchasing this unit. I was shopping for price and features. This unit had a great 
 Bitterly disappointed might sound melodramatic. ... but that doesn t mean I m not. I ve gone through two of these, which I purchased in order to make yogurt. 
do not buy. it seemed like a great idea at the time,but it does not work at all....simply the grass isn t growing,it only made the water in the fountain 
Very Very bad pillows. Loose shape and becomes literally towels within 3 months of use.Total Waste of money and shipping  
cant keep it sharp. bought a global knife a few years ago then bought the water ceramic sharpening device. cannot keep this knife sharp. it sits in my block with 
I can belive it s a hoover. This is the most poorly designed machine I have ever seen. It is continually clogging both filters and the hepa filter becomes filled 
not enough power. This machine looks great, but it doesn t have the power to remove absolutely all the air when sealing a bag. It also doesn t seal well 
Don t buy this sweeper. I bought this about two years ago and it never worked very good for me. The handle doesn t stay together very good and it 
Make note: It is a MINI! . The product description should say that the pan is a mini popover pan- not a full sized one. It came with packaging that 
2 year life. We bought this beautiful machine after many other cheaper ones . But within 6 months, the wand started leaking have to leave a towel to soak up 
do not order this item. This item did not arrive for an entire month when I finally decided to cancel the order completely. definitely not worth the money.  
There are better one s out there!!!. This scale was not even close to what I hoped it would be. The size left a lot to be desired. I don 
Does not last 10 years. Bought this in January of 2005. Now 1 1 2yrs. later. it does not open or close. Changed batteries, still not working  
4th one in a year. I have had to replace this carafe four times in one year. If you accidently tap the carafe even lightly, the whole thing cracks! I 
not recommended. purchased this item from amazon, took out of package and before even using it but touched to feel the tension on the wires and the wires broke. Got 
MIU France Whisk. Cheap, rusts, worthless.Turns out MIU France is just the name of a company in Hong Kong selling products that are made in China.  
