Hill almost elevates cinema violence into an art form... As Sam Peckinpah s The Getaway, Walter Hill s The Long Riders almost elevates cinema violence into an art form...Visually, The 
Never has a movie so fully redeemed itself in the last 15 minutes. Unlike Saw II, Saw III starts off on shaky ground and feels a bit forced. The traps 
Awesome. The Lord of the Rings movies made superstars out of dozens of actors and actresses. Many have gone on to star in movies that made lots of money, but 
WHAT?!!? No awards or nominations for this beautiful film?!?. This movie was moving, brilliantly filmed, consistent and thought provoking throughout. Each portrait is beautifully portrayed, each woman struggling with her 
Cagney s first starring role and one of the first true talkies. The Public Enemy is one of the big three original gangster films along with Little Caesar and Scarface 
I was surprised by how good this was. I am surprised that this was never recommended to me! It also surprised me with how long it was, not a rushed 
Extremely Funny Movie. Election is one of the best comedies I have seen in a long time. The story centers on three high school students the class overachiever, the football 
A fascinating period piece. This bleak, B&W film from 1950 was revolutionary in its time, but I have a bit of sympathy for those who might find it stylized and 
great movie. Why this film got bad reviews I don t know I guess they don like Horror films like Hostel. This film is brutal, gory, crazy, and henious which 
They may be onto something... Despite my cynical approach to the subject, these movies that champion the sometimes irretrievable quality of children just may be onto something. Though this movie 
Judy Does Judy. In a review basically favorable I posted recently of the film HILARY AND JACKIE, I made the observation that film-bio s are, by definitiion, problematic. Every bit 
ONE OF THE CLASSICS. I see some people saying this movie was not all it was said to have been. But you definately had to have seen this during the 
Classic 4th Doctor. This is one of the Dr. Who stories that I actually remembered seeing as a kid in the early 80s on TV. I watched the show every 
Great product and movie. I was completely satisfied with the quality of the product and timely deliver  
The weight of life. It is often the beauty of disparate moments within art that stick in our minds rather than the general thrust of morality, narrative or end scene. 
Amok T Wow. This is the best episode. Not only does it show insite into Spock and Vulcan but it also is acted and writtin in a way that sets 
if noel coward were french, hahaha ... easily one of the greatest movies ever, a disastrous failure in its premiere for its scathing view of the french on the eve 
Doctor Who, First Season. At first I had a hard time getting used to the new Doctor, having such a fondness for Tom Baker. I soon fell in love with 
Why Not A Restaurant?. I first saw this film on Turner Classic one night a few years ago, shortly into the film as I was skimming through the channels. I 
good movie. depicted a good view of the stress that air traffic controllers are under every day. guess it makes you appreciate them every time you get on a plane 
THE VERY BEST. THIS DVD VIDEO COLLECTION CONTAINS THE BEST OF EURYTHMICS IN THE 80`S,THERE ARE ALL THE GREATEST HITS, THIS IS MUCH BETTER THAN THE CD.YOU`LL NEVER REGRET ! 
Roaring Transition Of A Great Game Line Into A Great Movie. Resident Evil starts off with a slam-bang double-opening - inside an ultra high-tech underground research-and-development facility, something goes terribly 
A very good movie .... This movie lacked the oomph that the book had but it was still great. The action scenes are particularly terrifying; particularly when the T-Rex breaks 
Solid. This is a good solid documentary that sticks to its subject. The clips of Ginsberg &amp; Burroughs are especially effective. The celeb performances in the second half are all 
Pleasant story. Ok, I have no idea what the Lavender part of the title means since they never wear lavender, but it s a cute story nonetheless. Maggie Smith and 
Someone doesn t want you to watch this???!??!??!!!!?. I tried to rent this DVD from an online service about a week ago. Unfortunately, the DVD was damaged and unplayable, but 
Great B-Flick. I love B -HorrorMovies and this one fits every detail of a good i use the term good loosely B-movie. It has humor I cracked up when i 
Your sides are going to hurt!. Overboard is a Goldie Hawn classic! Bird on a wire and Overboard are neck and neck for all time funniest Goldie Hawn flicks. Either 
Good MOVIE! Who has Slept with you WIFE ?. The movie has very traditional format. The movie was done very well.The plot was good.There were twists, and turns. Friendships challenged, 
What a Charade. Cary Grant. Audrey Hepburn. A hidden megafortune. Three nasty pursuers. A slick, chic thriller with a Hitchcockian edge.With that kind of formula, it s not surprising that 
Really Eye Catching. This Nova episode is something I saw on TV last evening.I knew about Typhoid Mary from historical legend but knew nothing about the facts.And as the actress 
Tommy, a forgotten classic. Tommy was the epitome of the 1970 s. This movie included Elton John and Tina Turner in their youth, not to mention all the member of 
Yet another great season for Seinfeld 4.5 stars . Seinfeld-Season 5 would be the first season where the sitcom would be among the most popular shows on TV. Filling the 
amazing. I M THE BIGGEST FAN OF THIS MOVIE IN THE WHOLE WORLD ,THERE S NOTHING LIKE THIS FILM,GREAT ACTORS,I LOVE THE MANIAC PERFORMED BY FREDDIE JONES AND THE EXPLOSIVES 
Christopher Walken is awesome. Christoper Walken is the best SNL DVD. almost every skit is hilarious. The Cowbell is classic. The other great one is the 2000 US Census with 
I was starting to wonder ... ... if we would ever get another Without a Trace season in region 1. And this season contains some fascinating cases: a bus of 
Best of the post Schultz era. The immortal Charlie Brown All Stars - 5 starsThe new Lucy Must be Traded - 4 starsThe mediocre Spring Training - 3 starsSince All 
Heartbreaking. Honkytonky Man starts in a casual manner. The first hour made me think it s one of those films by Eastwood that are not be taken too seriously. As 
An inspirational documentary about an amazing man. Frazetta - Painting with Fire is a captivating documentary about an amazing man: Frank Frazetta. This film is truly inspiring as Frazetta is 
Excellent Choreography & Cueing. I am a new step aerobics instructor and I have been studying different aerobics DVDs to prepare for my classes. This was my first DVD by 
A beautiful and uplifting film. I am still crying from having just watched this. If you are moved by examples of people being kind and noble despite their own pain 
Can t wait for the next 8 in 2007. Great set, great horror films, I cannot wait for the next 8 in 2007. Keep making these and keep making them 
 I saw you in an orange grove... . James Mangold Identity is one hell of a movie. The twist is amazing, didn t see that coming. The ending will 
A real score for Beckett aficionados. Not to gush, but many of the versions in this set far surpass my expectations of film adaptations of theatre. For instance, Endgame is 
Well...it s mood elavation for ME... Everything the esteemed reviewer above said is so very true. And more. I didn t see it as, what, a metaphor for NYC or 
Great, fun and entertaining, I d give it a one hunderd out of 5!. This is a very great movie, If only this thing would go that far! The Jones 
More than crime. This is not only a thrilling story on the life of a group of African Americans but it also captures the reality of the streets of L.A. 
A Troubled but Worthwhile New Start. The Ninth season of Stargate SG1 has some major casting changes and the show handles it about as well as it can be done 
Whiteout. Would anyone really want to live in a perfect world? That momentous question and nothing less is the theme of Alexander Mackendrick s comedy, which despite it s high 
must have for broadway lovers. i saw this show on PBS and was so enthralled with it that i just had to order it. the performances are priceless from folks 
I m hungry for more. Please, release a short called It s Hummer Time , about a cat who chases a hummingbird and keeps interrupting a bulldog every time. More 
Soundtrack CD is available from Amazon.co.uk. Today I ordered the soundtrack CD for this movie from Amazon.co.uk, the United Kingdom link at the bottom of this page, at a price 
Cannibal Women is a B-movie that scores all A s with me. Cannibal Women in the Avocado Jungle ...It s a long cheesy title on a movie with an equally 
OPPS! MIND GAMES. I don t particularly care for mind games but this had a sudtlety? that was easy to miss.Richard, as a moneyed playboy, and Justin who was just 
Suspenseful. Cajun. Slick. Deadly. This film is a drama in the classic sense of the word: it begins in order and ends in disorder. And it occurs against the backdrop 
as sad and hopeless as you could get. the whole life was just a meaningless struggle and very difficult to interpretate it. a quite good movie but also a very 
Mike Binder s Best Movie yet. Mike Binder wrote, directed and is a suport actor in this fun movie about anger. It stars Joan Allen and Kevin Costner. The entire 
Classic movie - TIME TO PUT IT ON DVD!!!. I bought this VHS tape last year and absolutely enjoyed it. It is even better in the fact that it so 
Best Christmas Movie EVER. I really can t say anything new that hasn t been said about this great movie, except read Jean Shepherd s novels...you will get a whole 
ha ha ha great movie!!! ha ha ha!!!. greatly funny!!!a must get!!!hillarious!!!wow and a ha ha!!!i recomend this movie to all who love rock and to all who love comedy...and 
 Can Anyone Play? . First off I agree with the warning to not watch the trailer first because it does give away the first set up in the movie. 
Fan of old Horror Movies. If you can t appreciate a classic horror movie with simple effects, then this is not the movie for you. Otherwise, enjoy!  
Light-Hearted British Comedy. The selling point for The Naked Truth is that it features a young Peter Sellers. Truth be told this is more of an ensemble effort and not 
Fort Apache -- It exceeds The Searchers . This is the gem of the Wayne Ford Calvary trilogy, and I am delighted it s finally coming to DVD.But a question: 
Baseball Mysticism - Give us a choice. My all time favorite sports movie next to PRIDE OF THE YANKEES and HOOSIERS . The only criticism I have is that they 
Lovin it!. This movie is a classic - Have watched it many times & I still love it  
3 times through. After watching this one time through you will either think it was an awesome production of action and effects geared towards those with a small attention span 
Ice Cold, Hot Wired!. Gone in 60 Seconds is a guilty pleasure - its vacuous and superficial, full of typical Hollywood produced guy-movie cues. Cars, guns, explosions, anti-heros, and Angelina 
Solid B-Grade horror pictures that are worth every penny. If you re reading reviews of this box set, it s highly likely that you re at least somewhat interested in 
Henry lives on. In my youth I read all of Henry Miller s books, finding much that was amazing, boring, sexy. Henry and June does about the same. Ward and 
The Incredible Beaver Cam!. This documentary is not only educational but at times very amusing and entertaining. The sounds and the music are great and the underwater cinematography is just 
One of the best Superhero movies. It s great. One of the few times super-heroes are done by a directorwho knows the comics.  
It is generous.. of the porridge giver to heap on an extra helping of Amon amarth footage. It is of course a musical journey with creative camera work. It is 
A Realistic Movie. One of the better movies of this type. Very exciting and very entertaining  
Get Happy . Happy, Texas is a smart, funny movie that kept me laughing from beginning until the end. Starring William H. Macy Fargo , Steve Zahn Saving Silverman and, 
A Movie So Bad It s Good. This movie breaks some story rules, including introduction insertion of random new characters towards the end. Still, funny enoughfor a movie that seems 
Should be required viewing!. I wish everyone on the face of the earth was required to see this movie. It is so very, very powerful. The 2004 Diamond Cinema for 
Unexpected Gem. This turned out to have been written by the author who wrote The Graduate. It is a funny movie and Colin Firth is great as always, Heather Graham 
Good little movie... I m old enough to have seen this movie first run back in the 60 s. In fact, I m pretty sure I saw it at a 
Oh my ... Some people are just so ignorant, narrow minded and by the looks of things - illiterate it is starting to hurt. All you need to do ist 
Budokon - The Next Big Thing!. Cameron Shayne s Budokon system is a simple yet energizing and easy to learn. Anyone looking for a high-energy workout that also sharpens mental 
You don t have to be a child to love this movie. I just saw this today on pay-per-view. It s an absolute treasure of a movie. Why do the 
Rare glimpse at Kalachakra rites. This is a wonderful rare glimpse at the complex Kalachakra initiation rites, once performed only performed in Tibet. One of the most complex rituals in 
Buffett at Wrigley. I have been begging for a high quality live concert DVD from Jimmy for some time and this truly doesn t dissapoint. Outstanding!!!!!!!!!  
Excelente para un principiante. Le doy cinco estrellas porque cumplio mis expectativas. Cuando compre el DVD nunca habia practicado el Tai Chi. El instructor explica de una manera clara mientras 
A bloodsucking love story. Who would believe you can make a hero out of a killer vampire.Well Francis Ford Coppola made sure we did!, in this horrific love story you 
It s Just A Fun Flick To Watch. White Water Summer cannot be accused of being a great film. It s got its silly moments, unbelievable moments, and downright psychotic 
Mixed bag of films, but still a treasure for Lugosi and Karloff fans. It s almost universally acknowledged that the best Lugosi Karloff collaboration was the 1934 version of THE 
Wayne s World.. party time.. excellent.. times two!!. Based on a brilliant Saturday Night Live sketch, Wayne s World and Wayne s World 2 are both equally enjoyable films and 
Decent Treatment, But Iffy Editing. The original DVD release of Crimson Tide occurred at a time before the trends of including cut scenes, commentary, and animated menus. While it makes 
A Great DVD To Get The Young Ones Moving!!. I thought this was a wonderful DVD because of the following factors: The goal of this Billy Blank s DVD is 
Interesting character study. I watched this recently on the Logo channel and was intrigued for two reasons. First the subject matter and second because it was written by Russell T.Davies 
A beautiful piece of cinematographic work. From Hell is meticulously produced and has some of the best cinematography I ve ever seen in a horror movie.Although the story about who 
5 stars for 7 men from now. This is one of the best of the B westerns of its time. The plot is tightly wound and is supported with dialogue 
Very good!. This is my favorite SNL dvd of all! I like all of the commercials, they re really funny! I highly recommend this dvd  
I Guess There s Something Wrong With Me. I guess there must be something profoundly wrong with me, because I rather liked Maniac . Sure, I ll concede that its 
Anyone can do this. I can only reach my knees when trying to touch my toes and I can manage to do everything on this DVD. It feels good and 
Seems so simple, doesn t it?. Either you get on the train or you don t... And as long as you continue to get on the train, you ll grasp 
Don t cut yourself on the edge of your seat. Larry Darrell Tyrone Power is back from WWII with an insatiable desire to see the world, in search of himself 
Words Can t Describe. If you enjoy the music of Death Cab For Cutie, then this is for you. It s not about the band, it s about the music. 
Freedom is not free. A gutty reminder of the price of freedom, a historical tribute to the brave English character that shows the human side of their determination. Very well 
Best Dramatic Jane Eyre. I loved this production primarily because it followed the book quite well. There were a few embellishments such as the addition of the twins discussion. I 
The Next challenge workout is an excellent Challenge. This dvd is great it can be as hard as you want it to be- do this 3 times a week and 
Great Collection. A very well put together episodes of the most popular children shows. I wish PBS would do this as well seeing as how Nick Jr. and PBS have 
A good if not perfect record of the play. Having seen this show in its original incarnation on Broadway, this production is an excellent reminder of how magically transformative live 
Rod Serling was a genius. I don t have to wait for July 4th or New Year s Eve to see The Twilight Zone marathon on the Sci-Fi Channel. I 
Mrs. Miniver dvd review. Received the dvd in perfect condition and within the expected time indicated when purchased. Very pleased. Would purchase again  
A movie they would never make today!. This is a great film. But, sadly, it would never be made today. I mean, try to imagine a film in which a 
Entertaining!!. `Josie and the Pussycats is one of the funniest movies that I have ever seen. With a great cast, a well written script, and good songs included, you cannot 
Wonderful. My 3 year old daughter loves Dora. When we purchased this DVD,she watched it over & over. It entertained not only my 3 year but my son who is 
Horror with twists. This series looks good--the music & art set the mood well. The stories aren t gross-out horror as Hollywood often goes for, but are quite horrific in 
Love this movie!. I watch this movie over and over. The actors put in stellar performances. I think Glenn Close brought it all together when she said, I believe we 
IMMIGRATION PROBLEMS. The second season of Ghost in the Shell gets off to a very slow start, filled with talking heads that inform us how the political situation has changed 
a 4 Star hotel. I have never smiled sooo much through a Mystery film .This is a very cool movie.Many have labeled it as an Artsy movie, to my ARTSY 
Candid & Accurate. This is unreal. Of all the CEO types with which Michael Moore spoke to, not one of them answered his question - If companies are making record 
Narrative Account of a Boy s Desire... The young boy Marcel spends every holiday with his family in their cottage in the hills of Provence. However, every time they leave 
We sek him here... Different from what I expected, being a fan of the Anthony Andrews and Leslie Howard versions. I liked it, but they made it seem like the 
Excellent product. The movie is awesome, and although the DVD doesnt come with many extras, I didnt expect it to, so no problem there. One of Mr Willis finest movies, 
The resisting disciple. I knew next to nothing about Dietrich Bonhoeffer s life except that he was executed for involvement in a plot against Hitler. This film will fill in 
The Easter Bunny and Travelin Tyke. i think this video is classic and timeless. Remember all the stories about the Easter Bunny when you were little?? This is like all 
Gypsy. I have been in high school performances before and only 13 and this is probably the best performanaces we are going to do!! This movie was one of the 
excellent. i love this movie. its called menace II society because it shows how a lil boy can grow up to be a criminal. he was influenced to that life. 
You don t have to surf to like this movie. I m not a surfer. In fact, I don t think I ve ever toughed a surfboard.But I do like 
Ethel Merman, move over!. What can I say? Bette Midler is totally superb in the role of Mama Rose!She is fantastic! Even though this was a television special, Ms Midler 
Life in New York. This film is 3 short stories in one, all of them set in New York City and directed by M. Scorsese, F. Coppola and Woody Allen.The 
It s Nobody s Fault. When I review a movie, I look for issues that a family with traditional values can discuss from the picture. This is a rather obscure 
My absolute favourite movie @}->---. Other than The Breakfast Club, Sleepless in Seattle is my all time favourite movie. I know it s older now, but to me I will 
Peter Falk - The In-Laws. This is a great movie. Much of the humor is so subtle you may miss it on your first viewing. A Classi  
Look whos talking. This is a very funny movie Starring Kirsty Alley & John Travolta . The story of how Kirsty Alley gets pregnant while having an affair with a 
One of the best legal movies of all time. This movie stars Judd Nelson as Robin Stormy Weathers, an impatient but brillant young attorney looking to climb up the law 
This film finally gets the red carpet treatment from MGM!!!. Finally The Good,The Bad and The Ugly finally gets the red carpet treatment it deserves from the guys at MGM 
Sophia Loren is the best. I think this movie is one the best movies that were ever made. I really loved it especially the third part. Sophia was really gorgeous, 
i remember this was a fun movie. i watched it once in the seventies when it was on tv and i thought it was funny, weird and quirky with a 
excellent. THE BEST JOHNNY THUNDERS SHOW EVER..JOHNNY,JERRY,and ARTHUR..GREAT SETLIST..GREAT PERFORMANCE,,R.I.P. JOHNNY ,JERRY,and ARHTUR...a must hav  
Fantastic!!. A must,one day a collectors DVD--i saw this on public t.v. some years ago and have been in search for a copy of that presentation..When i learned it was 
Cool Stuff. I just started Pilates a few monts ago, and was looking for a video that added some new movements. This DVD definitely has them using the magic circle. 
Very good movie. This film was very good. Demeo, Dubin, and Addessi. Deserved the awards that they won. Thousands of independent movies are made each year. Especially mob films. And 
A Good Movie.......yet... Pokemon: Jirachi Wish Maker, the 6 pokemon movie to date is also the first to not be showen in theater. The main reseon is the low ratings 
Dan Hedaya s best work in years!. Dan Hedaya gives an Oscar worthy performance  
Without the DVD video... the CD was mindblowing.. The seller Bookarama failed to include the DVD so I only had the CD to listen to; however, it was so great 
Almost Too Funny. I saw this uncensored on Comedy Central over the weekend and it is the funniest stand up I have seen in a very long time. Sean Rouse 
Jessica Lange s performance as Frances will haunt you. This is a welcome re-release of one of the very best movies of the 1980s. The DVD itself is a visual 
Absolutely Beautiful!. I am a huge anime fan, and this is by far the best. Lemme just say, God I can t even find the words to describe to you 
Good basic stretching. This is a basic stretch, but thorough. Her guidance is great, and the combo of the workouts is nice. I swim, and the chest stretches are great--I 
Small One At Last!. I wasn t interested in the Mickey Mouse set with MICKEY S CHRISTMAS CAROL on it when it came out, but I wanted it on DVD 
Entertaining And Fun: Especially For The Kids!. When I first viewed Jurassic Park in a theatre on Wilshire Blvd in Los Angeles, I actually walked out. It wasn t so 
Tried and True. Actually a really good movie, but trying hard to mimic Hitchcock and failing. The reason for the failure is flipping back and forth between time periods and 
Worth it for the commentary track but first buy the Divimax edition. After reading the reviews of the various editions carefully -- thank you to those who make that worthwhile 
an astounding vision. This is an incredibly conceived animation. I m intirgued by how it has been dubbed into english, there are lots of blank spaces in the dialogue and 
Fantastic Film!!!. I saw this little gem at the Miami Film Festival a couple of years ago and couldn t get it out of my mind. It s about a 
good dvd. I was wating a long time for Clearing the Eye. I have been a Isis fan since the Celestial days. I was a fan Neurosis before and stumbled 
Not Slick, but Sick. Four stars seem a little generous. The film is certainly memorable, and certainly different. There are a lot of odd things going on here. The oddest 
Sexy drama. I really enjoyed this show. It s true there were some scenes where the acting and the writing could have been better, and it would have been nice 
Outstanding Film making. Sophie Scholl, The Final Days tells the story of a 22 German girl who dared question the Nazi state in 1943. It is a masterpiece of film 
Stunningly beautiful and powerful. We just picked this up at the library as a family friendly movie. We are ordering it ASAP. I don t know how many times I 
Wes Craven s New Nightmare 1994 . Director: Wes CravenCast: Heather Langenkamp, Robert Englund, Miko Hughes, Wes Craven, John Saxon, Robert Shaye, Sara Risher, Marianne Maddalena, David Newsom, Gretchen Oehler, 
Blood Work. I was impressed with this film. I have always been a great fan of Clint Eastwood. It is true that he is getting up there in years and 
Rockin Berry. A fabulous 4 disc boxset that leaves no stone unturned. The quality of the film print is impeccable and the three discs of extras are truly wonderful.What a 
An Excellent Film: And A Very Unpredictable Ending!. There are countless reviews here, so I will make this one short. First, I am always amazed when I meet people who 
Graphic , well paced , dramatization of the Jack The Ripper story. The Hughes Brothers created a nightmarish vision of Victorian London only matched by some of Dickens novels. Johnny 
Great movie. I grew up with this movie and now I bought it for my son, I think is a great movie for all ages  
A good introduction to French for toddlers. I m pretty pleased with this title as my little one has managed to grasp a couple of french words. He is only 
Taking life as it comes - this is a film to enjoy. This is a rare film. Nothing is trite or predictable; it s a very creative script that makes 
A remarkable movie !!. I have seen this movie on the German TV yesterday with the title: A summer at the sea and I was deeply impressed.Despite that it was 
See my full remarks for this release in VHS format: same title, but in VHS. I bought this video recording in VHS format of Mozart s famous singspiel, Die Zauberflote 
Alan Jackson Greatest Hits Discs 1 and 2. Bought discs 1 and 2 together thankfully as they are both a bit lacking in the amount of material, only 6 songs 
A beautiful book. This sequel to A Story Like the Wind returns to the same romanticized Africa, but with less grace than the first. The closer that Van der Post 
Great Transfers - All correct aspect ratio except Wolf. Vips, Sandpiper and the Comedians all were transfered with the true aspect ratio of the film which is great no picture 
Top-notch. In the early days of movies, the studios often had their specialties. MGM did musicals. Universal did monster movies. And Warner Brothers did gangster movies. With an emphasis on 
Holo Mai Pele. This spectacular and powerful singing and dance performance and the excellent commentaries telling the story of the Fire Goddess, Pele, and her sister Hiiaka, gives deep insights 
Another superb entry from the Anderson production team. Joe 90 is tremendously underrated, and it builds on the advances in production design and puppetry from the earlier series of the 
 Why do you want to dance? Why do you want to live? . If you can hear this melodramatic dialogue exchange without smirking a tad, then you ll dig 
This is a great video. This is a great video for any age.It takes a look at a season and the olympics with Michael Jordan.This video goes into the 1992 
The Privileged Planet. The Priviledged Planet DVD was excellent! It just confirmed my beleifs that all we see around us was designed by the creator. There are simply to many 
Great 80 s comedy. Comming of age in the 80 s is getting made fun of lately, but I thought it was a good time to grow up with the 
Prompt Delivery - Product as stated. The movie came promptly and in good condition.Thank you  
Still a great movie after all these years. This was one of my favorite movies from the 1990 s.A great many things have happened since then to make anyone want 
One of the best. This movie is very entertaining, though perhaps dated. I loved Anne Baxter s performance. It s a 50 s post-civil war western drama based on no 
Art, trip, thoughts, tune of the times. I first saw this movie at its first appearance at the Red Vic in San Francisco. I found it trippy : the most 
Made me think about what I appreciate and life s destiny for me. This movie was recommended by a friend. He said that it would help me appreciate the little 
Very touching portrait of the deaf-blind. Werner Herzog is famous for his movies about obssesive maniacs Aguirre, Fitzcarraldo, etc. . However, it turns out that he has a great sensibility 
Should not be missed. Saw this movie at a sneak preview as I could not wait for it to be released. Wonderful & awesome feel good movie. I bought the 
great but disturbing in somse scenes. I have children in the performing arts - and I wanted them to to get a taste of the reality of a full-time school 
Great DVD s! A must have for any fan!. I love these DVD s. I am a huge Jessica Simpson fan, and have been before Newleyweds came out. This is 
I am elevated and elated !. After the intensity of Zoo TV and the seeking of Pop Mart, the Elevation Tour was a big hug and a kiss from the 
Hepburn at her finest. This accomplished actress entertains and delights as a giddy, free-spirited young woman trying desperately to live in reality  
Love makes you do crazy things, insane things. I was very skeptical when I started this film. I thought it was going to be another - boy meets girl, boy 
Great workout but it will kick your butt. I have used this DVD workout on and off for the past two years. It contains two half-hour workouts and a bonus 
An extremely underrated movie. Althoush critics and pretty much everyone else dismissed this movie as awful, I think it is great. It is Denis Laery at his best both in 
Food for brain... do you have large appetite? . I think this ultimate movie is definitely for collection. Instead of renting it again and again to unlock the mysteries just 
Sibling Lust Against the London Architectural Revival Dust. Close My Eyes is a mild and genteel examination of sibling incest amid the London yuppie set and against the backdrop of 
Good sequel Hal. 2010 is a good sequel to 2001. 2001 is better but the way the Russians Americans and Hal work together makes a good point. Visually 2010 is 
Surprisingly good. I had limited expectations for a Will Ferrell movie but STF was well done. Ferrell demonstrates that he can actually act in a semi serious role. Some say 
An actually intersting film. This is one of those Sonny Chiba films that I actually thought were intersting and not cheesy funny. It makes you think and it makes you 
Rock on. SERIOUSLY, One of my favorite movies of all time. Thank goodness for 1980 s rewinds. Kate Hudson s character is ridiculous, in the absolute best sense of the 
serious concert. A very high class, elegant, perfect mastered, very nice camera shots. Zucchero and his friends in a memorable show. Everyone is inspired to give the best... i recomend 
Good Times Third Season Guide -- AWESOME!!!. Disk One1. The Family Gun 2. A Real Cool Job3. Operation Florida4. Florida s Rich Cousin5. The Politicians6. Love In The Ghetto7. The 
He s wonderfull. Man, I bought this thinking I owe it to Gilad, he used to motivate me years ago on ESPN and now on Fit TV...Man he has not 
Great Movie for Horse Lovers. I saw this movie originally in the theatre when I when I was in my teens and it was great then and great now. Cheesy, 
Beautiful suffering. There is something foreign, almost inhuman about this bresson film - the nearly complete lack of emotion exhibited by the characters, their hands and feet moving like autotrons. 
great family viewing. Being a horse rider myself I thoroughly enjoyed the movie it just shows that if you have the determination to do something you really love you will 
Completely Awesome!. The Golden Suns are here, finally! This is an amazing set, and better than I remembered it as a kid! Compelling stories, good animation, great voice acting. Tons 
Poseidon is Still Afloat!. I m not sure where Songbird in his or her 2000 review below is coming from as this is a NEW release, it s in stereo, 
voices from the past. The end of the Civil War in 1865 freed about 4 million slaves in America, a significant number of whom lived into the 1940s. During the 
Probably the best season. I think this is probably the show s best work. So many classic episodes. The actors were definitely comfortable with each other by now, but they 
Really, really good!. This is a totally cool addition to the Offspring collection. It s got all of their music videos with the option of turning on commentary and 11 
Mystery Man. Everybody loves Michael Powell, and I suppose they d better start with COLONEL BLIMP as a touchstone of his cinema. For all its virtues however, and even though 
Wiggly Safari dvd. The Wiggly Safari DVD is one of the best that we have seen. It is nice to have a copy with Steve Irwin so that we can 
Blown Away. Though a die hard Maurice fan, I still had to grab this dvd and see how good it could be without the captain....they still take the house down. 
Katie, CT. I love Gwyneth Paltrow in general, but especially when she blows us away with her perfect English accent. The plot was interesting, with mystery, drama, suspense and of 
Energetic and Entertaining. I laughed a little bit when I first watched this video, but once I got into it, it became really fun! I even got my boyfriend to 
SAS, meet werewolves-werewolves, meet SAS... This film is frightening in a quiet sort of way...I enjoyed it immensely. It was an especially scary watch, considering I was living an hour 
Great fun, Bond style. Tomorrow Never Dies, the second James Bond film to feature Pierce Brosnan as the super suave secret agent, is one of the more fun films in 
Funny funny funny. He is simply the funniest human on the planet at this time. I have, literally, laughed so hard at times I thought I might have a heart 
Four Rooms DVD. This movie is a classic, especially for those who love Tim Roth  
educational film. I remember seeing this on tv about 10 years ago. It was well written and Kellie Martin was perfect for the role of the people pleasing young girl. 
Three Soviet Classic. It has been great masterwork. Dovzhenko and Pudovkin are creative director of montage, the musician of orchestrated light.  
Sweet Little Love Story. A young cast supported by some big name stars Olivier and Broderick Crawford make for an entertaining little movie. The French kid will make you smile 
Loved it!. I completely loved it. It s pretty much a fun dvd collection to watch. BTW, Wal-Mart is selling this for 20  
Underrated And Unappreciated. Mel Gibson and Robert Downey Jr. both in vintage form doing what they both do best - combing action and adventure with just the right amount dark 
Parlez-vous Francais - The Basics. This is the best language tape I ve ever used! It cuts a language down to the basics and uses an approach much like Sesame 
One of My Favorite Movies Ever!. I am a Spike Lee fan for life and have enjoyed most of his films but this one is special for me. It is 
tha truest fan in tha world. i have not seen the dvd yet but i am gonna get it on pay day.i have supported anything that showed the real pac 
the last collaboration between Kurosawa and Mifune. This 1965 film is the story of a young doctor under the tutelage a compassionate but strict country doctor. It was Kurosawa s 
SUPREME!!!!!!!!!!!!!. GOD HAS MADE WONDERS!! THIS MOVIE WILL TOUCH YOUR HEART TILL THE VERY END, NO WORDS......  
Witty, funny movie gets the special treatment. It takes a loan shark leading the way to make Hollywood honest. Get Shorty returns in a new 2 disc Collector s Edition 
Finally, a DVD version!. I am so glad that someone finally has put Julius Caesar on a DVD. I am an English teacher and in the spring I teach Julius 
Neo Vampires. Okay so the other reviews here have rehased the whole of the events of this mini series, so I won t do that. But I will say if 
Amazing!. This movie is about the amazing life of penguins in the Antartic. It portrays the faithful, determined male penguins who march 70 long, rugged miles every year back to 
The Ultimate Gulity Pleasure. I found this little gem while searching on HBO at 3 in the morning. It was between SNL:The best of Jon Lovits or this. I chose 
A good Idea how Heaven looks Like !. But i don t beleave in re-encarnation..  
A Disney Almost Classic. When a cuddly baby raccoon snuggles his way into the life of a lonely boy named Sterling North Billy Mumy , things go riotously awry as 
Leslie Sansone Workouts. This is the best workout I have ever tried. The instructions were very easy to follow and Leslie makes the exercise fun with her humor.  
homicide profiling by psychologist. An excellent series if a little gruesome in the crime pictures. After that, it is an interesting interplay between the regular British police and the absent 
wonderful series. I love Stargate and the spin off Atlantis-they were both fun and new. This series was especially good, with great characters I love Rodney and good scripts. The 
GOOD !! Meg and Matt a prefect match !. Surprise me that they look like a pretty pair.LOL  
Yuen Biao Is Incredible!. Another Sammo Hung, Yuen Biao gem. This one has it all: good story, good comedy maybe too much, but still good , and some of the 
Disturbing and very much original. Session 9 is a contemporary tale of terror set in an abandoned insane asylum. The residents on Danvers, Massachusetts steer well clear of the place. 
Magnificent Soap Opera. I love this film. Gregory Peck is marvelous in his everyman role, and is well supported by the rest of the fine cast. Very good script, photography, 
Wonderful--You ll watch it over and over. This is a great story, entertaining, fun, with laughter and pathos mixed in, much like life itself. You ll find yourself watching it 
FUN FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY... You can t get much more wholesome than this. This film definitely has the Disney stamp all over it. The Swiss Family Robinson are on 
A simple plot with some great slapstick action and pure comedy. I first saw Help! when I was in middle school, rifling through my parents VHS collection. My friends and 
What more can I say... It is the ultima of CGI video game movies. I must buy for Final Fantasy addicts.  
Can t tell you how many times I ve seen these episodes... I know I m a nerd. But what can I say...this show is Sex in the City Fast 
As blue as the sky. If you like blue comedy then this one is for you. You ll laugh like you ve never laughed before  
Compares Favorably with Blade Runner . There are two essential film views of the future: life is good and life is ugly. It is the extraordinary SF Earth based film 
Hayworth seems a bit too grand for Astaire s self-effacing style... Released shortly before America s entry into the war, Columbia s You ll Never Get Rich is one of 
an excellent movie. Very entertaining movie. The characters are all great, the plot and the suspense are terrific  
Get the Trilogy Set Instead. I enjoy all three of the the Jurassic Park movies, though I think &quot;The Lost World&quot; is a bit weak. While I think that anyone 
Family Movie. Don t you love Family Movie night? These kind of movies make it even better  
Waiting For God. A funny show with lots of insights into elderly care and issues  
im sure this is it. my sisters and i have watched these kinds of movies ever since we were very little from one of those 99 cent stores and we 
spring gardening is most excellent. this dvd had everything i had hoped, can t wait to get mor  
Incredible. Wow.What a series.It tackles all types of uncannily real situations and people.This is a real human show and left me feeling the entire gamma of feelings:crying,laughing,anger,etc.I love the family 
I could watch this over and over again!. Whether you re Greek - or whatever - just about anyone can relate to Toula s life. After having deemed herself hopeless 
solid movie. all i can say is this is probably 1 of the best Asian Extreme movies from Tartan...this movie was really good, and kept my attentio  
A generational classic. I didn t want to start my review this way but, once in a while there comes along a movie of extraordinary vision and independence that it 
Great Adventure!. I absolutely loved this movie. It s fast paced, funny, exciting, and really revived my interest in history. Parents should definitely watch this with their kids and move 
Overlooked funny scenes. Much is written in reviewing this movie of Goldie Hawn and Chevy Chase and their chemistry that does so much to make the movie come alive.However there 
Like watching a Car Crash!. The camera work, the direction, the casting, the acting...everything. Utterly fantastic.Very dark humour, extreme, touching. Breathtaking. This is cinema at its best.Bravo  
The best love story of 2006!!!. I m not going into the plot of The Lake House. Other reviewers have already done a much better job on that than I 
empathy for the enemy. What war is really like from the perspective of young German soldiers on a German submarine in World War II  
Smarmy Believability. Campbell Scott, the true Cary Grant of the Indy Film, has out done himself as the glib, womanizing Manhattan lounge lizard. A film smoothie is always interesting for 
Great Little Film. This is a great little documentary about an important part of WW II, the Italian campaign, that is too often over looked. Some of the footage is 
Rarities Provides a Mixed Bag. While Disney is famous for his animated movies and series starring such staples as Mickey Mouse or Donald Duck, he also produced a lot of 
My family & I LOVE this movie!!!. I read over some of the other people s opinions regarding this movie and cannot agree with them about it. My kids ages 
Looney Tunes Golden Collection Volume Four. Well first off, I bought mine yesterday at Best Buy and when I got it home and opened it, I got upset that they 
A movie that shows us there is hope for humanity. We are not perfect, but if we decide to do better than what has been the norm for humanity, we 
Could very well be Brad Pitts Best work!!!!. As much As I would love to give Brad Pitt all the credit for his outstanding performance in this movie, I just 
Still Scary. This series was the best of its kind. Shown in original black and white, the stories were great morality tales of the times, as many of the stories 
Time flies when you re having fun. I find this video to be fun, moving at a nice pace, and I like that the instructions include ways to focus on 
One of Mickery Rouke s best performances!. This movie is profound in it s ability to show how background and circumstances can come back to haunt someone and how difficult 
Gerard Butler Rocks. I am not ordinarily a big fan of Wes Craven, but his casting of Gerard Butler as Dracula was pure genius. Gerry was in turns sexy, charming, 
Fun Disney Movie. Its a good one to add to the DVD collection. Full of fun and magic for the whole family  
Fish, Weather, Wild Animals, and ELMO!!. This is another in the series of three short vignettes, and they are wonderful tools to teach the young ones about various topics. Like 
One Of My Favorite Films, And I don t Even Like Westerns. I have never been a huge fan of westerns. Occasionally, a film like Unforgiven , for example, will 
The tragic abyss between the utopist dreams and the real world!. The first accords of I put a spell on you by Credence Clearwater revival works out as smart introduction 
PERFECT. There are few movies which warrant a 5 star rating from me. If I could give Trainspotting 10 stars I would.For me, a movie has to stay with you 
Listen carefully I will say this only once. This is funky British commedy. The second season of the series expands on the first by introducing one of the funniest characters 
The sequel is just as good as the original`. I saw the original Short Circuit when it first came out and recently bought it on DVD. I enjoyed it just 
this movie is a classic. i saw this movie for the first time when i was 14 back in 1988and i have loved it ever sense. it s about a 
Fast deliviery, great price, just one flaw. Great product, but I dont recall seeing anything about region on the product details, might just be me, but I couldnt play the 
the heat. This movie was great,it shows how it really is in new orleans,furthermore how it is in real ghetto neighborhorhoods!it also showed how crooked cops really are, and how 
Love it! Love it! Love it!. This DVD is great for the expectant mother who wants a little more cardio in her workout. Plus there are sections that focus on 
NOT FOR THOSE WHO DEMAND HISTORICAL ACCURACY. The intent of the director was to capture the ATMOSPHERE or flavor of the Elizabethan court. Intrigue, alliances, deceit, ambitions, trechery and emotions. 
THE BEST!. I ve been a fan of Neil Young for over 35 years and have many of his CDs and DVDs but this is by far the best. Demme 
Good for advanced guitar players. This dvd is good! If your a patient advanced guitar player. But don t expect to learn Dream Theater or any songs. It s based 
Not exactly what i expected but definetly a must buy.... this video was pretty damn good........ i was expecting more basketball highlights but in the end it really didn t 
Great content, mediocre context. If you are willing to overlook the fact that the video is at times poor and the sound often uneven otherwise, I d have given it 
Very interesting. The whole film both Heifetz and Piatigorsky was acted. I ve seen fragments of the movie Heifetz made. Contrary to the Amazon reviewer, this was not an impromptu 
Great Movie!!. The acting, writing, and complete look of the film are completely fantastic. Everything is fantastic, but Jim Carrey steals the scenes, in a very good way. Every time 
Murder Case Turned Eerily Kafkaesque. If the words above could be used to describe another Lynch movie - the much applauded Lost Highway 1997 whose plot is inspired in part 
thunder road. it was the same movie i saw a long time ago. the music was what i remember best  
Belly, Butt and Thighs. I really like this video. Some work out videos that I ve tried are confusing. This one is very easy to learn the first time doing 
To be and to Have DVD Review. Amazing and heartwarming documentary about a man living a truly meaningful and rewarding life  
Best of the series, so far. This is by far my favorite Harry Potter film. We all know Alfonso Cuarn is an awesome director, and here he shows it.First, I 
FUNNY!!!. This is THE movie for anyone who has been burned by love . French Stewart has some great lines. Not recommended for children, but wonderfully funny for adults  
A Lost life or a life lost?. I waited months to view this film. Being a big fan of Texas based music and musicians I have heard for years what 
Romantic comedy of innocent daft recommended . Though she hasn t quite figured out what comes next, Gladys Glover Judy Holliday wants everyone to know her name. After meeting an 
a must-own for fans pf gothic horror. Image s lavish 2-disc set does justice to Lon Chaney s riveting performance as the Phantom of the Opera. This has long been 
A Near Perfect Human Being. Tiger Woods interviewed by the late Ed Bradley of 60 minutes shows the life of Tiger Woods, how he was raised and shows his candidness 
realistic depiction of problematic relationships. among adolescents these are not simple or easy relationships. Social stigmas and taboos are aptly represented in this touching movie with tragic outcome  
Connery at his best. Russia House is British playwright Tom Stoppard s effort to bring John LeCarre s book to the screen. Sean Connery owed Stoppard a favor and agreed 
GREAT CLASSIC HORROR MOVIE SPACEK IS PERFECT. This is such a strange movie as you wouldn t know it was a horror film until very late in the movie. When 
Great Cowboy Movie!! I loved it!. I really like this movie. Every bull rider at heart is a cowboy, Bo Derek announces as she hosts this intimate, and often heart-warming, 
Mr. Incredible. Great movie!Delivery of the order came in good time.This 2-Disc Collector s Edition comes with some interesting extras.I found the offtakes blubbers to be in bad taste, but 
Great movie. I bought this for my almost three year old son based on hype of the movie and the Fisher Price characters. He likes the movie and so do 
The Future is Wild review. Good story, nice animation and effects. Interesting speculation on evolution in the far future  
Peter Sellers final bow?. I had always been under the impression that this was Peter Sellers final movie, recently I had heard that his Fu Manchu movie was technically his 
a lot of fun to watch. I don t own this one as a DVD but I caught it on digital cable on demand, and I will say William Castle 
Great impact from knife-wielding start to bloody end. From the very first scene, when a large knife screeches against a sharpening stone, and its intended victim chicken races to escape, 
Brilliant movie. Worth signing upto amazon to get this, its a great movie. Anyone who thinks they remember watching it when they were younger it s just as funny now 
Funny car legond. Jim Dunn is one of the legonds of drag racing. This film offers an amazing glimpse into how it was before all the huge sponsorships, hospitality tents, 
Not to be Missed!!. I never write reviews so you can imagine how much I enjoyed this movie since I am actually taking the time to write a review.I don 
not edited. these shows are complete!! whoever is saying that these episodes have been edited down - they re not! i have watched all 24 episodes in this box.. took 
Simon and Garfunkel Old Friends. This concert is their best one on dvd in my opinion. The quality of sound and picture is good along with the fact that they 
Been there... What is it with middle aged professors anyway?[8-D] I have had the same kind of thoughts and reactions as this professor, but they remained fantasies. It took me 
The story of a great man on the field as well as off the field!. This review is for the DVD released by MGM in 2002.The Pride of the Yankees 
Review--Meditation for Beginners. I am very pleased with the information I got from this DVD. I was starting out from box one , not knowing a thing about meditation, and 
A cult classic!. George Newman Weird Al Yankovic is a daydreaming loser who just recently lost his job at Burger World, luckily his uncle Harvey Stanley Brock wins a local 
Angel Season 5. This was a great season. But it is the last season of Angel. You see Cordy one last time and it was great season. I just don 
chew on the dog!. Classic Tim Burton, Micheal Keaton at his best, and the movie that introduced me to Winona Ryder. I love it. I wish I knew what the 
Very poor quality film, but dancing makes up for it. This 1992 live Kirov film of The Sleeping Beauty suffers from very poor film quality. It is too darkly lit 
Puts new zip in my exercise!. I have been exercising for years but needed a push to do better.The videos were recommend on TV and I m glad I decided 
Chomsky Views on Current Events. This documentary shows bits and pieces of a big speaking engagement of Chomsky and two talks he is giving to activist groups. The only thing 
Very well done... This is a pretty close account of how our technology of today started. I too watched this movie when it came out on cable TNT and enjoyed 
tombstone. I love this epic western. The acting from all the cast is enormous and I would invite any western lover to purchase and enjoy  
NYPD Blue The Season 4 Review. The continuing story of NYPD Blue. If you are already a fan, you ll love it, if not, well, you will probably become one 
Dodgeball has the Patches O Houlihan seal of approval. What is there to say about Dodgeball - A True Underdog Movie other than it s a no-brainer of a hilarious 
Still going strong after 16 years!!!. There is nothing I can add to the synopsis of this movie other than to praise it to the skies! After 16 years of 
Best Ab Workout I Have Ever Had!. I have done my share of Ab videos and most of them are fun and challenging but show no results. After the very 
For its time, actually pretty accurate. Like most war movies created in the early 40s, their one main purpose was to inspire Americans to buy more war bonds. Therefore, stories 
A Great Film With Extra Bonus Features as Part of This DVD. THE FOUR HUNDRED BLOWS is French director Francois Truffaut s first full length film and his first film 
Get out of the water!. Where would we be without the venerable Roger Corman? Lovers of B-movie madness would likely have a lot more time on their hands to read 
Toast of the Town. Even though this is not the musical in which Gene Kelly dances with Jerry the mouse, the 1949 film ON THE TOWN still has much that 
 Into every generation, a slayer is born : Reinvention, Reality, and Redemption. A girl named Buffy who slays vampires.Seemingly, the premise of a campy, forgettable, girls-fights-monsters horror series.Look closer, 
Best Disaster FIlm Ever?. The newly released double disc edition of The Towering Inferno , with its enhanced picture and sound, not to mention the additional poignancy of its parallels 
Sister Shirley gave em her all. Shirley Chisholm ran for President of The United States in my favorite year, 1972. This fine documentary shows what a lot of guts and 
Great for the classroom. I love this movie for how simple, entertaining and close to the original story it is. I am a 6th grade teacher, and for the past 
Stallone? Comedy?. Yes! It s a wonderful movie and a great comedy for every age. I highly recommend it and I am still surprised by how good Sylvester Stallone is 
Exactly what I wanted. This was well worth it. Three well-planned workouts that are intense but simple enough to do. They lead you through the moves so that anyone can 
GREAT MOVIE: THE TRUTH ABOUT CUBA. LOVED THIS BEAUTIFUL MOVIE! THE ACTING IS SUPERB AND THERE IS A POIGNANT BITTER-SWEET SENSE OF HUMOR BEHING THE REALITY OF IT ALL. GREAT 
Really recommend. I have a closet full of exercise dvds and as I grow older I wanted something more functional in its approach. I really like this dvd. I am 
Dora Zombie. My 2 year old daughter LOVES Dora. She watches this DVD every day, several times a day. If you have a Dora Addict at home, he she will 
Great portayal of the Indian and the Officer who chased him. This is a great movie... very true and sympathetic to the indians...It was a little slow at times, and 
Excellent Ab Challenge. this video challenges your abs in whole different arena than traditional ab workouts. i ve got a book and another video with some similar routines, but found 
Just know that these are her previous two DVDs repackaged. As much as I enjoy these practices, I had no idea that they were two of her other DVDs. It 
It is about time!. This is a GREAT movie! I would encourage EVERYONE to see this one... even if you have never even known someone with this condition, you should 
What can I say... I loved it. I really did, although some scenes made me cringe. All in all, an enjoyable movie  
Well worth the money. I bought this set a couple of weeks ago and just finished getting through it. It is well worth the money. You won t be sorry 
Funniest couple. This comedy is a classic. It is not only the plot which is based on a play by Neil Simon but the cast makes this film a comedy 
Great Movie Better Characterization. This is a great movie to watch, and the extra footage helps a lot to develop more character relationships, although the action is pretty much the 
Perfect Halloween movie...especially on video.... I first saw this movie in the theater,and I came out shaking.It s that creepy.For a movie that is only PG-13&lacks the usual slasher&bloody gore,this 
BTVS and uber friends. As the smallest person on the crew continues to kick butt on the meanest & baddest creatures on this planet , assisted by uber friends . 
Fantastic!. Admittedly, I am a sucker for an underdog who achieves excellence. For example, though I don t care for sports, I love those baseball, basketball, football, soccer movie true 
A classic if I ever saw one!. I ve been biting at the heels to write a review of this brilliant film but, as I was when debating my Godfather 
see it if you haven t seen dead man walking. OK, I haven t seen dead man walking, so I m not as mad as most people who think this 
 You made me!! . A little time has passed and Miskatonic University has returned to a semblance of normalcy. Somehow or other Doctors Herbert West Jeffrey Combs and Dan 
Stott Essential Reformer. You cannot go wrong with any pilates video from Stott. The cueing is perfect, it is easy to follow and a very good instructional dvd for the 
Dionysus. This video delivers clear cut audio and visuals that don t just show you, but draw you in and ask you to sit down. You ll accidentally learn everything 
better understanding of the new BSG. It is fun to see the similarities and differences between the two versions. I recommend it highly  
 Rosalia, are you sick or something? . I ve never even heard of this movie before, I only rented it cause I m on a noble quest just like 
Laugh Meter Off the Charts. I saw this ages ago, and I still remember being in pain the next day, from laughing so hard! My ribs literally ached, but it 
A underated classic. I first saw this movie when it was out on VHS. Yes, it is that old of a movie. From the start, I thought this movie was 
Mountains of Florida. A fun lighthearted movie with a nice supporting cast. The songs are ok by Elvis but a few not worthy of his time and talent. The background 
Love the workout, DVD quality is poor!. I really love most of The Firm workouts, and this is no exception. I usually alternate lower and upper on different days. The 
The Great Adventures of Superman. The Sound of the first movie was remastered great, but the other three was not remastered. They need to remaster the sound in to digital 
A Good Christmas Movie That Is Based On A Book!. I love Christmas Movies and I also love to read romance books and this movie is based on a Christmas 
Very Good Western. While this may not be among the top westerns available on DVD, it is a very entertaining film to watch. Ann Baxter was never more sensual and 
The ultimate Truck adventure for young ones. The famous Dave of Real Wheels makes another appearance, this time as a truck diver. This DVD is loaded with all sorts of 
MARATHON MAN. The movie is still as exciting as when it was first released 30 years ago. And yes, the tooth drilling is still there. I had fun this time 
A Worthy Sequel, With Pluses and Minuses Compared To The Original. When you have a formula or gimmick movie, sequels make it hard for themselves to live up to the 
ELF - I Love Buddy. I like this film about Buddy a little baby that crawls into Santa s sack and is raised by the elves. But he is too 
East of Eden. What a great film! Tragic story and tragic real life - so many future great actors who met a tragic end.The extra features were very interesting and 
THIS IS THE DVD THAT TRAVIS FANS WERE WAITING FOR!!!!!!!. This dvd is a very faithful portrait of the energy and charismathat the band performs on stage. The image is 
[Really three-and-a-half out of Four] A showcase performance for the late Rodney Dangerfield!. Superb supporting cast includes SallyKellerman, Burt Young, Robert DowneyJr., Kurt Vonegut, Jr, M. Emmett Walsh,Ned Beatty as 
Babylon 5 - The Complete Second Season. This is the best SCI-FI series ever,with incredible SFX,a great cast,and a riveting story line.  
New Villains! 29 not 28 episodes! Batgirl!. This is a hard decision, but I have to say that this volume is better than the other two. Barbara Gordon gets introduced 
Motivation at its best...... Andy Andrews was able to bring to me the words I needed to hear to remotivate myself. THE SEVEN DECISIONS is now a part of my 
Better than the original. I m glad I waited for the 4 disc set. It s the best eve  
The Buddhist Way. Must say that I ve been waiting for a film like this for a long time. Nothing fancy, just beautiful, elegant, and detailed. Most of the time 
The man from Taos. In the 1970, NBC had a Sunday mystery movie wheel. Columbo, McCloud, McMillian and Wife were the staples. After its successful openning it spawn Quincy and 
Loads of Fun. This movie is loads of fun! It is truly a little engine that could ! It is easy to point finger and knock down points for a 
2nd time around love. if at first you don t succeed, catch love the 2nd time around. connie seleca and randy travis make for a great christmas movie  
Teen Struggle & Love. For Keeps where shall I start. For Keeps is one of those 80 s movies that would fit perfect on The Lifetime Network. Molly Ringwald stars 
Peter Falk - The In-Laws. This is a great movie. Much of the humor is so subtle you may miss it on your first viewing. A Classi  
A Car Crash, Canines and Consequences Examined in Irritu s Viscerally Powerful Feature Film Debut. If like me, you were dazzled by this year s Babel , you will likely 
Walken, Talkin . Great Comedy, decent drama, flawed crime thriller...Though the above is true, we throw into the fold one Mr. Christopher Walken and low and behold we get greatness... 
Intriguing & Captivating. The characters, the scenery and the storyline briefly swept me away to another place  
Classic Cronenberg. David Cronenberg s Scanners was the first film I saw by this imaginative director. Cronenberg s film may lack the big budget of a Hollywood production but what 
A pretty good mystery. Okay, we understand that a Scooby-Doo mystery is not going to be in the same league as a Citizen Kane mystery. But Scooby has good movies 
Television classic. Thats right,A CLASSIC!I just loved the Strangers with Candy tv show and I own both season 1 and 2 on DVD.All that s left to say is,BRING ON 
One of Altman s Finest Films. Barely released in 1984, director Robert Altman s Secret Honor is an unheralded masterpiece -- and this Criterion Collection DVD has been long overdue. 
TWICE THE BILL, TWICE THE KILL. I sometimes joke that, to me, Kill Bill, Volume 1 is the second-greatest movie of all time and that Kill Bill, Volume 2 is 
A Classic. Still awesome after what, 100 plus times viewing? This film was panned by virtually all of the critics and has yet remained a classic for nearly 25 years! 
W-H-I-P-L-A-S-H. Folks, this movie is alright, it s not THAT BAD. Probably the best-worded review I ve read for Ken Park so far is on IMDB.COM. I think someone named 
FINALLY ON DVD-YEAH!!. After hiring the movie Perfect so many times, after the film I would always see this trailer for the movie Secret Admirer . So for many years 
People Will Talk. Very nice movie, no flaws. The delivery was perfect, as it was a Valentine gift and it arrived that morning. Thanks Amazon  
This movie was great. I love Tom Green, and I think he is a brilliant man. The movie actually makes a lot more sense if you watch the commentary, which 
Moment of Truth. This comment may contain spoilers Manhunter 1986 directed by Michael Mann - is a masterpiece, pure and simple. It took me five times but I finally realized 
Up close and personal with Sarah McLachlan. If you are a hard-core fan or a casual listener of Sarah McLachlan s work you will not be disappointed with this DVD. 
Unforgettable Imagery, Sights and Sounds. William Holden may be the star of the film but Alec Guinness leaves an indelible image as the inimitable British Colonel Nicholson and Sessue Hayakawa 
Delightful Romantic Comedy. Trick is one of the better gay romantic comedies that s come out in the past few years. Christian Campbell and J P Pitok are both good 
4.9 5. A 4.9 5... Looky there! Almost a perfect score, but not quite as good as Cowboy Bebop. A bit of an odd way to start a review of, 
Is it a crime to have bad taste?. After reading the DVD cover, I was prepared for another Veda in MILDRED PIERCE. However, the grown-up Laurel Dallas Anne Shirley was 
Classic!!! Movie: 5 5 - DVD: 4 5. This is one of those movies with high replay value pretty rare nowadays ; you can watch it over and over again 
Last 5 WrestleMania s Have Alot Of Hit & Misses. Review:Basically, WrestleMania s 16 through 20 have had alot more hits & misses than the previous WrestleMania s.16 - Quanity 
Unique plot. This a film where two men meet on the train and one suggests that they exchange murders. As I do not want to spoil it for those who 
Need more Rockford - NOW!. What is the hold up in getting Season Three released? Who do I need to bribe at Universal to move this up the list! It 
A Study in Charactor Developement. Episodes 11-15. Unfortunately, these episodes wane a bit from the first 10, yet I can t feel that these episodes are the final set-up for 
Just Say Ow!!!. My two year old just loves &quot;Big House&quot; as he calls it, and likes this one better than any of the others we own, including Blues Clues 
Follow That Dream. This is a delightful musical comedy depicting that truth and honesty is a virtue that can win out over greed and corruption. A great film for the 
MEET THE MAN THROUGH HIS WORK. In Dreams, some of Kurosawa s most fundamental beliefs are presented to us in eight artistic and visually stunning vignettes.The first dream, Sunshine Through 
Delivers the thrills and chills!. Flightplan is a smart thriller starring Jodie Foster The Silence of the Lambs as an architect, who s just become a widow, named Kyle Pratt 
More mature and in great form!. Three new songs along with favorites from previous albums. I ve been waiting for a live cd for years and was thrilled that it 
 70s Noir. This is a relatively unknown film noir from the mid 70s, starring Gene Hackman as a former football player turned private eye who is obsessed by a 
Relevant if transsexualisms affects you or someone you know in any way. In such a short space of time, the movie really captures the essence of what it means to 
Darth Vader is born. If you wanted to see Darth Vader in this one, don t plan on more than a few minutes. The real hero is Obi-Wan. This is 
AWAKENING. Wow!I MEAN THIS IS PROBABLY THE ONLY FILM WHERE ROBIN WILLIAMS GETS AWAY WITH THE HI I M MR SERIOUS AND I M A KNOW-IT-ALL DOCTOR WELCOME THE HOSPITAL 
11 YEARS LATER ALL THIS SEEMS LIKE A VIDEO OF AN OLD SUPERBOWL - - - - BUT !!!. WHAT IS THE WAR ROOM?What we have here is a glimpse 
Nixon. Having lived through the Checkers speech, the 1960 election, the Viet Nam War and Watergate, this movie is more real than my own life  
History spread over three DVDs. For those of who weren t born when Elvis struck America, here s the undiluted wonder. You get all three complete Ed Sullivan shows from 
Great Show. I can t believe that the gentleman above me wrote that this show was so disappointing after seeing it as a child. I saw it too and seeing 
The Nightmare Collection - Good but missing certain niceties. I recently purchased the Nightmare on Elm Street Collection, and I love having not only the original movies but the final 
Beautifully filmed, emotionally moving. What an incredibly moving film - I am an adoptee that searched for her mom, only to find that she had died many years ago. This 
Watch this for the fighting. If you like watching martial arts, this is a fun show. Tremendous fight choreography and lots of it. Simplistic but fun plot. A good on 
A great Psychological Thriller - Southern Style. I Love this movie, and the music soundtrack!Joe Billy Bob Thornton returns home after 20 years in jail for recklessly crashing his car 
Filmed in glorious B W and in ILLUSION-O. Some folks may consider this movie over the top, over the hill or just lame but I---who saw 13 Ghosts in real 
Warm and glowing-a must-see. This is the kind of movie that leaves a smile on your face and a glow around you for the rest of the day. Marty, a 
EXCELLANT -- PRODUCT- DELIVERY. MY GRAND DAUGHTERS ENYJOY PLAYING IT IN TH CAR DVD--IT S THEIR FAVORITE !I ENJOY THE QUALITY VOICES OF THIS MOVIE  
Money very well spent. My daughter was adopted at 13-months old and did not know any English. So in hope of bridging the communication gap, we bought this video. She 
Learn the best from the best!. Finally! A how-to dance dvd that you can actually LEARN from! After purchasing several other Hip Hop videos I was discouraged by the performance 
I love Little Britain. I was really upset when I saw that disc two on this set wasn t another disc of episodes but there was an ottakes or deleted 
Awkward, but charming, political comedy. A manic, mile-a-minute screwball comedy starring Jean Arthur as a sassy, loveable every-gal who has to hide her ne er-do-well boyfriend Cary Grant from the 
hilariour comedy. People thinking that this film is just another Road Trip movie would be SOOOO wrong. Although this film got poor reviews from critics, when I saw it at 
One of the bonus features is worth the price alone. My first viewing of this film was a great disappointment. I expected another Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy film, with 
STEPHEN KING S IT. EXCELLENT PRODUCT And VERY RELIABLE SALESMAN, SINCE IT GIVES IN TIME And IT FORM  
Jack Attack!. I was thrilled to find this movie on DVD. My husband and I special ordered it on VHS from Blockbuster about 10 years ago, because it was hard 
Decent Treatment, But Iffy Editing. The original DVD release of Crimson Tide occurred at a time before the trends of including cut scenes, commentary, and animated menus. While it makes 
Harrison Ford makes history come to life. This is the first in a series of fun to watch action packed movies based on what an archeologist should be. Being a 
An oldie but a goodie. I remember seeing this movie when i was around 7 or 8 thinking This movie is weird then i went to school the next day 
A Sweet and Playful Life. Heaven Can Wait is a sweet story about a mischievous man Don Ameche whose death prompts him to arrive at the gates of hell. Although 
Mutual respect between partners - very refreshing!. I found commentary in these DVDs so encouraging in my search to bring heightened and prolonged delight to my wife as we make 
An Important American Film... ...but buyers should be forwarned that the print from which this DVD is made was a poor one, and Alpha Video, the distributors of this classic 
Facing Truth. I love Ferzan Ozpetek. He is gorgeous and very sensetive. I really want to meet him. Because I loved all movies of him and get some parts of 
Extremely Funny. All I got to say is this guy is hilarious! His ability to imitate people, music, and other sounds is what really makes him funny in my opinion. 
Keep the faith Baby. This is a great piece of history I love this movie  
Love Triangle and Anti-Nazi Sea Action. Oliver Cromwell Jones, the black cook, is given a lot of screen time and the screen play treats him as an integral part of 
A Wonderful Christmas Movie. I have been looking for this movie since I saw it a few years ago. I absolutely love this movie. This movie is a must have, 
Rare Laserdiscs - dvds Movies Collector. The Last American Virgin IS my Favorite Romantic Movie,I love this movie much Thats why I bought two dvd Copies heh I Can t 
BEYOND INSPIRATION. Being from New England, it is easy to say that this to me was one of the greatest things that ever happened, ever, the amazing 2001 season from 
Best How to. This DVD is the BESt DVD by far for how to dj. Awesome interviews and 2nd disc does excellent job of showing you all you need to 
It Begins... This DVD kick starts the longest running animated prime-time show ever. The first season was an experiement to the show. There are many solid episodes in this 13 
The Ideal of What Hollywood & the Legal System can Do. I stubbornly resisted this movie because its topic about homosexuality, and will admit I was baiased against it for 
Almost as good as it was on stage. Live on stage, Trevor Nunn s production was extroardinary, one of the best theatre performances I have ever seen. The video doesn 
Great DVD for aspiring cheerleaders. I am a former cheerleader and cheerleading coach and really enjoy this DVD. I bought it for my young daughter and loaned it out to 
Some of the best comedies ever made. I remember watching some of the old Ma & Pa Kettle movies on Saturday afternoon TV. Finding these classics together in a set 
Great video!. The best video concerning any gospel that I have ever seen. Stays strictly with what the gospel says and no personal interpretations.  
Solid thriller, well written. All the Colors of the Dark is an above average giallo from Sergio Martino, rich with cinematography, music and other familiar trademarks from the giallo mold. 
America - Freedom to Fascism. Facts that will astound you! This film is one I recommend to everyone interested in learning the truth of how our government works and how 
charmed season five. charmed is the best series going right now. it has passed buffy up which was the best till 2 yeears ago. charmed is great and i never 
The Life of Mammals!. Just as in his earlier work The Life of Birds , this series focuses on one main group of animals, the mammals. David Attenborough is, as 
Best DVD on the market. This is the most spectacular DVD i ve seen so far, not to mention that is the most complete, a 2 DVD package with the 
Excellent!. Having lived through the coverage of the slaughtered Israeli athletes during the 1972 Olympics, I felt like I was experiencing the actual events as they were occurring over again. 
Very funny and very sweet. I m a big fan of romantic comedies and this is one of my favorite. I received this movie as a graduation gift and I 
Beauty, and other charms of waking life. The beauty in Henry and June is full-throttle. There s the bike race through a sunlit forest; there s a colorful bohemian festival 
 Every time I wake up, there s someone new at the end of my bed. . In the BBC 3-part mini-series, Almost Strangers the Symon family holds a large 
Favorite Movie!. I absolutely love this movie! The infinifilm version is great too! There are interviews with the actual George Jung and a ton more! Some people don t like 
waiting for the more deluxe blu-ray version. that way i can buy the movie only three times instead of four  
THE most inspirational movie I ve seen this year!!!. When the football team from from Shiloh Christian Academy goes on the field to face the unbeatable Giants the opposing team 
The man who made his bicycle fly to France. In my view this is one of the best docco-dramas and in lesser hands than such actors like Michael Gambon and 
A charming, family-friendly film... Long before Californians elected him as the Governator, former elite bodybuilder Arnold Schwarzenegger took Hollywood by storm as The Terminator. An overpowering figure with amazing charisma 
Best fat blaster!. Tamilee Webb s 2 DVD set is the best! She has you working hard without a steep learning curve. If you have read my other reviews, then 
POSSIBLY THE BEST FILM OF THE 1990s. This film is hard to describe, but I ll do my best; the interaction between the characters was enjoyable, the beautiful relationships between 
Hysterically Funny. I ordered this movie on Pay Per View cable tv. because of the fact that James Purefoy was in it...never expecting it to be so well done and...Funny! 
Great musician, guitarist. I just received the Robben Ford DVD yesterday. I ve been a fan of Robben s for over twenty years. He s done stints as a guitarist 
THE REAL ECW!. This dvd is worth buying, and if you have never seen ECW you MUST BUY this. And for every one going Yeah well I saw ECW on 
bad ass. good good anime series. top notch directing, story, characters buy them all! but be sure to watch subtitled version  
Drawn into the Mystic. Mystic River is a triumph for Clint Eastwood. Truly a moving film, Mystic River never lets your eyes wander from the screen as you re completely 
Great portrayal of Jesus. I loved that this film version of Matthew was taken word for word from the text of scripture. I also loved that Jesus looked like he 
Gets Creepy. I don t know if I d say this is a VERY creepy film like The Ring and almost scary, but it certainly is strange, starting with the 
One of the best movies about Vietnam. Based on a true story; Location; Vietnam in The valley of the death. Lt. Colonel Moore leading 400 American troopers is surrounded by 
An enjoyable western and love story. Kevin Costner combined traditional western elements -- the 1880 s, the cattle drive, the conflict with ruthlessness that leads to a shoot-out -- he 
Roughnecks-The Starshop Troopers Chronicles series. I watched the whole series on tv and on dvd and I liked all of it. However the dvd series is missing some vital episodes 
The best animated T.V show ever made by warner bros. Batman is the greatest animated show still running out there with other great classics like batman beyond or batman and 
I Loved it. To clarify I haven t seen the film but my friend Josh really liked it. And Josh watches a lot of movies so it s got to 
More intense walking workout. I just saw on Good Morning America this morning that interval training gets the best results. This is a great interval workout and if you only 
Great version of the Z film; excellent bonus stuff: . I highly recommend this flawed by very well done like that oxymoron? grin dvd about the Zapruder film. Of particular 
This spectacular romp is supercharged! .Who is the guy who robs Bruce early on?. Very lively, very visual, everybody does things that no other movie has the ground strength for 
An Afternoon Delight. Whether it s watching network news or playin Pull My Finger, it doesn t take much to make me laugh. More importantly, hit me between the eyes 
I don t know what to say. I was not going in bathrooms looking for dudes when I was younger. But I certainly was in the same predictment. I m 
Score!. Nick Wells Robert DeNiro is an aging thief that is looking to retire. He has enough money, owns a nice jazz club in Toronto and just wants to settle 
Classic. This movie is the typical 1970 s Blacksploitation movie with great music and bad acting. Hovever, it s a classic and I love it. As soon as I was 
It s Humans VS. Bad Aliens... Who will win? You will have to watch and see. Really though, this is a great movie. The plot is there, the cast is 
i love gallo!. This movie got me into gallo flicks.The story blows anything hitchcock did out of the water and the special effects are awesome.Goblin music is probably my favorite 
Kevin Blatch is a Genius. To all who read this. Canadian born actor Kevin Blatch played a great role in this episode! I ve been following him and watching his 
Highly recommended - beautiful, deep practice. Highly highly highly recommended for those looking for a deep and deeply nurturing practice that really spans many features of the body-mind path, including 
Two great laughs. --- Encino Man ---A brilliant what-if movieAfter watching Caveman ASIN: 6302658489, to see what life was really like way back then, it is time to speculate on 
Great Video Quality - Okay Sound. I have finally managed to acquire the complete LFN series, which I consider to be Canada s finest export product. The 4th season is 
Unexpected Enjoyment. I haven t bought anime in years, but this came up in my gold box and it sounded cute and like a cross between Slayers and Tenchi my 
A Western Grimms Fairy tale!. In the US Clint Eastwood does not have the legendary reputation of artistic merit as he does in Europe. If you watch this film closely, 
Good but not great. This was a good movie not a great movieIf you are a die hard De Niro fan or Pesci then you should get this to add 
Wagon Train-John McIntire. Very good, although I expected th have series fearuring Ward Bond but maybe that was my fault  
absolutely fantastic. well worth the money. I ll make this short and to the point. This release is a MUST for any Rush fan, ESPECIALLY if you own a 5.1 
An Interesting, Entertaining Film For A Rainy Sat. Afternoon. This is a good film to watch when you can t go outside, when you ve got the time for some 
Swept by the Currents. I myself have been a little oversensitive to movies, and I admit every time I see this movie, it is like the first time, with the 
Wes Craven: Man of Mystery and Movies. Wes Craven, the man who has written, directed, produced, or edited more than 30 television and feature films such as &quot;Last House on 
HUFF. Somebody kept using the past tense in their review. Huff IS still on the air, though was almost cancelled I think but it is going to start sooner than 
Topper s RETURNED!. And he s got a carload of women! Actually, not a carload ,just two... One of whom happens to be a ghost! She drags topper to an 
Why McQueen Was A Star. Nevada Smith was made at the heights of McQueen s short, but terrific career. This film, along with Love With The Proper Stranger, The Thomas 
I LOVE this movie!. There isn t much to say about it except that it is all around great. Kiefer Sutherland plays a hard cop who has to begin to 
Great Family Fun. Delightful sequel to Cheaper By The Dozen, Belles on Their Toes, follows the adventures of the Gilbreth family following the death of father Frank Clifton Webb . 
Grand Canyon. This film was recommended to me by a friend. I was hesitant after reading reviews of the film, as it had received marginal ratings. I don t agree 
A classic worth checking out. Disney is not known for innovative science fiction movies. It seems there is a reason why Disney is not known for Sci-Fi. With not much 
Nice flic to watch on a rainy afternoon. Nice movie to watch on a rainy afternoon, good musical score. Even a 15 year old can enjoy it  
Archie Bunker is me!. They stole this character from my real life and there are millions of us!We lay in the brush waiting to tell the PC crowd where to 
Great collection of justice league unlimited episodes. Great collection the justice league unlimited collection excellent show  
Even My Husband likes the show. I absolutly think this show is one of the best teenie bopper shows out. My 33yr old husband enjoys this show. Every episode keeps 
Perfect. This item is perfect no only the contents but the status and shipping time  
Terrific Story Line. My 3 teenage sons 17, 15 & 13 yrs. watched this movie more than once and they really enjoyed it by the way, these guys are real 
I disagree. After reading the reviews above I decided to chime in with my two cents. Although I agree Joe Public may find this movie a bit dry and at 
powerful teen drama. I loved this movie from the moment I saw it for sale at my video store s discard rack ten years ago. I recently received the DVD 
X3-What would Bryan Singer do?. When watching the third X Men movie, one cannot help but wonder if Bryan Singer was involved in the movie.Brett Ratner does a credible job 
Live at Lansdowne Road. Absolutely fantastic!!! Overall great performance. If you only were to buy one of The Corrs videos this would be the one. Totally amazing to see them 
Comedy for male and female viewers. The Wedding Crashers is one of the modern breed of rom-coms along with Hitch that actually appeals to men as well as women. The 
Salt of the earth. This movie is a thought provoking exercise in conspiracy and reality drenched fiction. It is a story that could well have been headlines all over the 
 We need a druid, and you have cast a level 5 charm spell on me . Anyone looking past its intentionally hokey sound effects, bad edits, and storyline holes 
This beautiful film sort of frightens me a bit with its dramatics . Having seen most of Bernal s films, I ve grown to like him greatly as an actor, 
One of the oddest films I ve ever seen. The main character, Beatrice, is a saint in the making.Early in the film we learn that a monster has killed her 
Memories Are Made Of This!. What do the following have in common?A boy named Ralphie and the phrase You ll poke your eye out !A Red Ryder BB Gun and 
The original Zombies!. Creepy, good old horror flick. They just don t make them like that anymore  
Life of Verdi DVD. I saw the series when it was shown originally on PBS TV many years ago.The edition I purchased is technically somewhat dated and has been slightly 
Adam Dalgliesh on the Beat Again. A great story, loaded with suspects, suspense, etc. But this is beautifully shot, beautifully edited as well, and Martin Shaw I believe is the 
great, of course, it s south park. I m a huge 21 year old South Park fan. I watch this show almost every night. Own all the DVDs. Just so 
first class. I have attended more than ten productions of Les Mis. Since there is no movie; this is as good as it gets for your home entertainment.  
One more time -- the greatest of all movies. It is impossible to overpraise this film on any dimension of quality. Visually, it is so rich that I have found 
GREAT WORKOUT!. I ve seen the Pilates infomercials for a while now, but have been intimidated by the seemingly impossible movements. When I found this inexpensive For Dummies DVD, I 
Great dvd. This dvd is one of my sons favorites. Maisy is fun and educational. I would recommend this to anyone with a young child  
underground, it s dark but funny. after loving the film black cat white cat , it was but natural that i eagerly wrap up underground. and it did not disapoint 
The Great Wayne. John Wayne is one of my all-time favorite stars and this collection has a number of his best  
Guilermo Del Toro s trailblazing entry intro the horror genre. Cronos 1992 A vampire film without vampires? It s the story of Jesus Gris, a kindly antiquarian who comes across 
Excellent choice if u love Girls Gone Wild, etc. Can t say much bout this movie but it s a must-have who wants the discovery of erotic or hardcore films. 
one of the funniest movies ever!!!. This is one of the funniest movies if not the funniest movie ever made. You have got Redd Foxx, Richard Pryor, and Eddie Murphy 
excellent, unconventional documentary. HIGHLY RECOMMEND. intoxicating, infectious, ethereal. despite the user s comment below, i found this film the exact opposite. very entertaining, informative, and most of all chock full 
Phenomenal Movie. This is a really great movie.....balanced all aroundwith many interesting aspects, very well emotionallyacted out by both leading actors, and so well constructedthat those watching the movie are 
Hook. A favorite of the family for many years. Robin Williams and Peter Pan, what could be better  
Not Just a Clever Title. The Devil s Playground is what the Amish refer to the modern world as. When an amish teenager turns 16, he or she is allowed 
I learned something interesting - & useful - from this no-brainer action movie... I love watching action movies, even if some of them are no-brainers! My purpose of going to 
The great original version of a fantastic movie. This is without a doubt the best version of the original story. A must buy for lovers of classic movies  
Ffantastic Ffilm!. When Ffolkes came out, Moore was at the top of his game as 007. This made his character especially ironic in his disdain for women. The theatrical poster 
fast. received the book way faster than I expected & it was in perfect conditio  
This film is a powerful concentration of life in a small area of Italy. Although subtitled Grazia s island Grazia is the lead role, magnificently realized by Valeria Golino , 
Great Movie. Bought it for my Grandson. It was my daughters favorite movies when she was younger. Wonderful colors  
Great revenge action film. I never saw the Marvel Comics book so I knew absolutely nothing about this character Frank Castle. I rented the movie because I just love John 
pretty darn cute. I m 29 years old, clearly out of the age range the movie was going for. This movie brought back everything I felt when I met my 
Been there, been through that. This movie brings to light for me the all too painful memories of my Past, Pocatello Idaho, and my experience as a Mormon Missionary in 
A must have for serious electric bass players. Jaco is probably the best electric bass player that ever was. Many people have said this and I believe this to be 
How To Use Your Body Language To Win Friends And Influence People!!!!!. Julia plays a struggling mother trying to make ends meet and then she gets a job and takes 
FOSSE DISAPPOINTS ON DVD. FOSSE WAS A DYNAMIC SHOWCASE OF THE CAREER OF THE GREAT BOB FOSSE WHEN IT PREMIERED ON BROADWAY IN JANUARY 1999. THE ORIGINAL CAST WERE DRILLED 
Perfect for your little John Deere lover. We recently purchased this DVD for our three year old son who is obsessed with John Deere tractors. He watches it over and 
Entertainment and Scholarship. This 1963 film from 20th Century Fox, albeit oboviously compressed in time, offers a great opportunity for insight into the classic struggle of Rome s movement from 
Seller s The Party 1968. Although it starts out a little predictable, about fifteen minutes into the actual party sequences should have you LOLing repeatedly. Oh, and that first fifteen 
Whatever happened to Kay Reynolds?. Not really a review but an appreciation. Kay Reynolds was absolutely delightful as Smitty in the movie version of How to Succeed in Business Without 
Awesome Remake!. In a small California town, life was simple for a teenage punk Kevin Dillon who falls for a lovely cheerleader Shawnee Smith but one night there s a 
More like Where s the Wolf? and Where s the Story-Plot? . I would have given this film three and a half stars,yet four had to be.Here you have another 
Good Blu-Ray transfer. Although Schwarzenegger became known with the two Conan pictures, it was this movie that established him as a major star.This was a low-budget flick and the original 
No excuses excercise help!. These excercise sessions take all the excuses out of getting in your 30 minutes of cardio. Fun, easy and convenient. You ll want to walk away 
clive barkers hell raiser needs five stars. A horror classic. A must have in ones collection. Great special effects by bob keen studio leaves the viewer captivated. It can still 
A Very Mixed Bag. In the early 90 s, Hal Hartley was one of my favorite filmmakers. THE UNBELIEVABLE TRUTH, TRUST, and SURVIVING DESIRE I would name as three of 
The Cold War heats up. Central Intelligence Agency, Captain Bart Mancuso growls, descending a ladder in his sub, Now there s a contradiction in terms. He is about to match 
not perfect...but come on!. Ok, I agree with the other reviews to a degree. There is a moment of freezing on Paul Rogers song. I agree if the goal was 
Soundtrack mixup?. Great show, great video quality, great sound quality. The issue: where is U2 s Pride In the Name of Love ? It was used on Calderone s Return 
The X-Men Trilogy. This is a great DVD set for anyone who are fans of the films. These are three great films with memorable charecters, fantastic special effects and action 
Great Show. I bought this set for my daughter, but I think I like it as much as she does  
Human Traffic. The person who wrote the review for Amazon has no idea what this film is all about and sadly compares this work of true genius to other films 
Great Stallone movie!!!. This was somewhat hated by critics, but I loved Judge Dreddwith Sylvestor Stallone and Diane Lane. It had great stunts,effects and action.Based on the comic book, Dredd 
In your face In Country . Some might suggest there are now three things not to discuss in polite conversation : 1 Politics 2 Religion 3 Viet Nam.In Viet Nam, 
A first class series. This is one of my all time favorite movies.It is smart, classy and of coarse very British  
Anne of Green Gables--Everyone s Kindred Spirit . Anne of Green Gables--the Sequel Is a well done, beautifully photographed and scripted portrayal of the wonderful novel by Lucy Maud Montgomery. 
Circus Side-show. This is done in good taste, and is a very enjoyable movie--well acted--well played--with added mystery effective in drawing you into the story to see someone get what 
Good horror flick, but not as good as the original. It is a good thing that Saw II is not a carbon copy of Saw I, which is honestly what 
Nothin up my sleeve. These old R & B cartoons are the best. The DVD s are very clear and have all the episodes in order. Jay ward was at 
The End is Near...... Yusuke vs. Toguro. The match we ve been waiting for on DVD for almost a year since DVD vol. 8, the Dark Tournament Begins. Now the 
Waiting for a miracle... This comedy which received Best Picture award from Israeli Critics in 2004 reveals a world that most of us don t know at all - the 
Why isn t this in Widescreen?????. When is this dvd going to be out in a Widescreen version? I really like this film and thought this was some of Fox 
Excellent series and very interesting. I saw part of this series on cable and had to see more. Unfortunately they haven t come out with the full series on DVD 
The Sentinel; a review of. Frankly, the idea of a Secret Service Agent having an affair with the President s wife is way out there in the first place. Michael 
Great Family Movie. Loved it in the theatrical release - looking forward to viewing it again and again  
gracias totales. gracias por poder volver a disfrutar de la ms grande banda del llamado rock en espaol. de lejos soda fue lo mejor de este movimiento. sin concesiones folclricas 
Great Comic Season. The fourth season of Bewitched is a delight. The series had established a universe of characters so that they had an excellent variety & balance by the 
Finally, the True Version. I first saw this movie over 10 years ago in its original language and I ve loved it ever since. Not only because I m a 
A Review of the Special Edition Features. I would rate the show as 5 stars, this is a review of the extras and features of the Special Edition issue.I recently 
Where s the Special Edition?. Great flick, good for all ages, and above all else, it s SCHWARZENEGGER!!! I would really like to see a widescreen special edition of this 
ONE OF THE BEST KING ADAPTIONS TO DATE!. This is an impressive king adaption. Walkin is mezmerising as the man who can not only see the future,but he can change 
Shades Of: A History Of Violence. I see shades of Viggo s recent movie: A History Of Violence in this movie Sean Penn wrote and directed. This compelling film brought 
Riveting, Stirring!. This movies was very well done! It keeps you in the thick of things but breaks away at just the right time when you think you can t 
See Dan The Geek Scientist Marry In Haste!!!See Dan Repent In Leisure!!!. This is a very tedious and unfunny riff on the fish out of water films that were so 
Mega-Vegas Manilow. Barry s phenomenal high-energy Manilow Mega-Vegas extravaganza! With over 27 superb musical arrangements, spanning approximately 1 hours, Barry croons our favorites, like the eternally sexy Somewhere in the 
Much Better Than I Expected!!!. Once again, I read the reviews on-line before purchasing a movie and end up enjoying the movie much more than I expected to. The 4th 
La Bamba--Best of the Musical Bios. For those Americans whose first exposure to Ritchie Valens was from LA BAMBA, they were treated to the very essence that made Valens the 
great short film of karl billy bob thorton . this is a very good short film i really like d it. all though its not as good as the sling 
Great Depression-era Prison Film!!!. This is a great depression prison era film starring Pat O Brien and the featuring the then emerging movie legend Humphrey Bogart.It s a must see!! 
The Grey Zone. This is a film for those who seek reality without discounting the blackest realities imaginable. Based on a true story, this film takes you inside Aushwitz and 
An instant classic!. There is no boudry to gondrys imagination. One of the most interessting directors of our times.A.Pa  
Finally!. I ve waited a long time for this IMAX film to be put on DVD so I could share it with my music students. I m so excited that 
beautiful. Wonderful acting of very emotional, sad story. Beautifully done in black and white. This story will stay with me forever, the people seem so real. Duvall is one of 
Great workout to get back in shape. This is a great workout DVD and very easy to follow. I ve pretty much never exercised prior to having my baby had 
The BEST SPIRITUAL and INVIGORATING EXPERIENCE I ve ever had!! Better than church any day!. I m probably one of the few species you ll ever encounter: a 36-year-old African 
Smart, funny and detailed. Tony Robinson manages to analyse the supposedly historical claims made in Dan Brown s fiction to see if these claims - believed by many of Brown 
Great Adaptation!. Johnny Deep was great in this film! It really did justice to the stephen King novella. What else is there to say, the film is highly recomended to 
ONE OF THE GREATEST SEQUELS EVER MADE!. This has to be the best of the Alien films! This film, although not as scary as the original I mean that it 
Great trip down memory lane. I loved this as a kid but was hesitant to rewatch it as an adult. At first, those fears were realised- I kept comparing it 
such a great movie. Of all the movies Disney has made, this is one of their best. I really like Sinbad he s so funny and the music. Pressure to 
Great Video For New Parents!. My husband and I purchased this DVD to learn what to expect when we bring our baby home. We wanted an overview of everything, and 
Two thumbs up. In my opinion this movie is exactly what you would expect it to be. Sure it is vulgar, sure there are a lot of explicits throughout the 
Bravo!!. Excellent film. Have been looking for it everywhere and finally checked on Amazon. I didn t think you would have it either, but lo and behold, there it was! 
An intriguing DVD for fans of musical theatre. If you re a fan of musical theatre, you re almost guaranteed to find something you like on this DVD. Although the 
Amazing Ballet. This DVD features some of the greatest ballet pieces you will ever find in any compilation. I can t wait to give it as a gift  
best war movie ever. This movie is so good in so many ways that I don t even know where to begin. the plot is simple, all hell has broken 
It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again. I can t believe I never reviewed The Silence of the Lambs yet, simply because it 
Setzer Rocks the house as usual!. Great seeing the boys back together for some rockabilly rockin!!!This DVD has lots of energy and I love the backstage extras AND old footage! 
Stargate Ultimate Edition. At first, thought it was dull, but after watching the movie, i like it, never thought it would be the start of great series  
Great comedy. This is an off the wall comedy. With john Candy and Eugen Levy. I had to get this one. Lots of laugh  
1980 s Classic. This movie is all about character development of people who are all drastically different. This is a comming of age film for the 1980 s. The acting 
Wow!!!. Fantastic! But I m wondering if I m the only one who hears a slight and sometimes NOT so slight distortion in the sound?.. mostly the Bass . I 
Good remake. Having seen both the original and the remake I found it difficult to decide which version I prefer and that shows the quality of this one. Classic Hitchcock, 
Elvis Lives. I m a big Elvis fan and when I saw this on TV I thought it was great and had to have it. The way they produced this 
Moths and Moonlight. The moth don t care if the flame is real coz flame and moth got a sweetheart deal,and nothing fuels a good flirtationlike need and anger and 
Best of 2006. Cars is the inventive, creative, and entertaining automated film of the year. Plugging into America s love with the automobile the producers offer a timeless tale that 
Terra Delu!. Checking my shipping status from work it says Delivered ...sadly I must wait four more hours until Im off work! hmm I think Im starting to feel sick 
THE CAVE MEN DAYS. ONE OF THE BEST CAVE MEN AND CAVE WOMEN MOVIES I VE SEEN IN A LONG TIME. IT JUST SEEMS SO REAL.WELL WORTH SEEING  
fine anthology of filmed vignettes. Who would ever have thought Senator Thruston Morton could be so interesting? Yet De Antonio got some great material from him. Tonkin Gulf No -votes, 
Possibly the best movie I ve ever seen. I watched the entire movie with my mouth open, glued to the screen. Well, almost : . I have never before, and 
When A Stranger Calls... The Original. When A Stranger CallsRating RRelease Date UnknownIn my opinion, this would have to be one of the scariest horror films I have ever seen, 
The REAL deal. Nothing was censored. The patients lack of progress was never sugar coated. If they relapsed back into dangerous habits it was shown. Thin is a very honest 
Intriguing. I love the clip, clip of British acting and humor. This trilogy is paced well, and extremely entertaining. I m glad I purchased it and know I will watch 
A beautiful look back at a fateful decade. This was originally a chapter in the excellent Project Twenty series on television 45 years ago. It is a magnificent look at 
What s not 2 like!. I loved this movie. No complaints! Great gore, cool acting, hot girls. It just works! See it!!!!!!!!!!!!  
RL Stevenson & Twin Peaks & David Gordon Green = UNDERTOW. I read an article a while back, discussing some overlooked movies of the past few years. Undertow was one 
test of time. This movie is still quite fresh and very tense. Stands tall among the current slasher trend  
Mr Chang and his Shangri-La. When I heard this film LOST HORIZON 1937 , was being painstakingly restored and with much more footage found in the vaults, after seeing some 
A Masterpiece-Outstanding!!!. Someone is always trying to shove it into a musical catagory. Or always tying it in with the Rocky Horror Picture Show, but Hedwig and the Angry Inch 
Draws you in. I watched this film without knowing anything about it. Though it starts a little slowly, it isn t long before you re drawn in by each of 
One of the better filmed and edited concert DVD s. FOR A BETTER VALUE, GET THE LOVERS ROCK LOVERS LIVE CD INSTEAD.This DVD is sold in many different ways. Here 
Good Movie. Wasn t a bad movie. I enjoyed this movie a lot. I think it is worth having. I purchased this movie as a gift for my mother.  
Look beyond the boring cover....as there s way more inside. If you like Donnie Darko and Jena Malone you can give this a shot. Both movies refer partly to comics, 
Perhaps the perfect date movie... I really enjoyed Tristan Isolde...in fact, much more than I thought I might.The performances were all excellent, especially those of James Franco, Rufus Sewell and 
Awesome. I got my product alot faster than I expected and in excellent condition. I have no complaints.  
Classic movie that made them all big stars. Considerng the adult humor and partial nudity, I was lucky as a kid to even be allowed to watch this movie on 
Common Themes. For those of you waiting to see Pan s Labyrinth, this film serves as an excellent introduction to Mexican director Guillermo del Toro. There are a number of 
The Box Set Rules. All of the classics are here minus Dial M for Murder, North By Northwest, and Strangers on a Train . My only complaint with the box 
A Horror Classic. Even though it seems cheesy, even laughable today, there s no denying The Evil Dead is still a landmark moment in the horror genre. Made for virtually 
I love this movie!. Sidney Poitier is one of my favorite actors and he links up nicely with Abby Lincoln. A very cute love story  
So that you know... Since nobody took the trouble of listing WHAT is inside of this edition, I bought one just to check it out. This DVD brings two of 
i worship cabin boy. this is one of the best movies! if you want a good laugh, its priceless. I ve been hunting for it, but its out of print. 
James Dean, The True Original Rebel. This movie will never lose its place in movie history, a true classic with great actors that are truly missed and taken from us 
Creepy. The grand-daddy of all vampire movies - there may be earlier ones, but Murnau s 1922 NOSFERATU is the one we all remember - is still pretty effective. Count 
More artistic than historic. Called A breathtaking journey into the heart of darkness. The cinema tail of the conquest of Don Lope de Aguirre Klaus Kinski and how it might 
Fun, light-hearted comedy. When young B-Rad s dad, a local politician is trying to boost his career the last thing he wants is his son, wannabe rapper B-Rad showing up 
Touching and Funny Poke Episodes. Pokemon Advanced, Vol. 2: Tree s A Crowd contains three episodes and two bonus episodes. These five episodes are 18-22 of the sixth TV season.Episode 
OMG!!. This season was very good!! Buffy is one of the best shows ever!!! Why did the show have to be canceled?????  
Genius. Fox s cancellation of this show is everything that is wrong with network television, and hopefully will not be the end for this amazing show. I bet it is 
Geronimo!. This movie was absolutely great. Mel Gibson is hilarious in this film. He usually tends to overact but in this movie it fits in perfectly. I guarantee you ll 
Miike Horror = A fun and scary time. Went to Blockbuster last night since I was bored and ran across this movie. I seriously never heard anything about it, but 
VERY GOOD MOVIE. I MUST SAY I WAS VERY PLEASANTY SURPRISED BY THIS MOVIE IT WAS VERY INTENSE FOR ADULT ANIMATION  
LONG LIVE VOLTRON!!!. I M MORE THAN GLAD TO SEE THAT OLD CARTOONS ARE COMINGBACK TO LIFE & TO DVD!! I M WONDERING WHAT LION THEY RE GONNA USE FOR 
4-star hotel. Basically a filmed play - but so what? It is a production. So was Driving Miss Daisy a play with just three actors.The essence to the play is 
This show will change your life. I almost had her face tattooed on my body. My sister and I quote it like bible verses. The line about How many of 
A classic series. Grew up watching these movies on TV with my father who was a trucker himself. A convient combo that has all three movies. Only con would be 
 The Man With No Name rides into town for the first time... Sergio Leone shared a rebellious desire to tumble the old values and present the audience with a 
james garner is the most underrated american film actor. arthur hiller directed this great movie while a young man, and never came near it again. this is julie andrews s 
Great Work out!!. This was my introduction to Pilates and man did it burn the first few times I did it. It got better the more often I did it. 
Great Comedy. I couldn t stop laughing the first time I saw this movie. With great one liners and bits that are sure to instantly become inside jokes with you 
Full Track Listing... Track listing of Paris Concert:1. Alphy Blondy - Bsweet Fanta Diallo2. Passi - Reviens dans ma vie3. Faudel - Je veux vivre4. Magic System - Bouger bouger5. 
Best Movie Ever!!!!!. If you love movies, you have to see this movie,very sweet and all the characters are endearing  
Great Old School Actioner. For those waiting decades literally to get a remastered and widescreen version of this film and with the original English dubs, this is so far the 
Absolutely fascinating!. I watched this DVD set when I checked it out from the library where I work as a librarian. I found it so fascinating that I bought the 
Dungeons & Dragons Series DVD. A wonderful boxed set that brings all of the cartoon childhood memories back to life. Artwork is awesome and the extras are cool. Even my 
AT LAST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. My collection is now complete! This show was cancelled all too soon. But I guess as Buck would say, If the big bosses at CBS were any blinder, 
Our Man Flint......No 007. Our Man Flint is likeable. James Coburn is lacking the sophistication and suaveness that can only be the credentials of the one and only Sean Connery 
Gene Kelly does fancy footwork of the swashbuckling kind. Wow!!! All of the swordfighting scenes were EXCELLENT. Gene was incredible with the sword, the fancy footwork, the gymnastics, the use 
The Best Trilogy Ever!!!. X-Men, X-Men United and X-Men The Last Stand are simply spectacular! The cast,the characters, the special effects, the story, the action scenes,and everyhting else seems to 
Hands Down, The Most Realistic WWI Combat Film To Date!. All I can say is wow! This is Ricky Schroeder? No way! Rick does an unbelievable job in this movie 
Great Video Series. My 8 month old never watches t.v., but when I put this DVD in she was captivated. I was very reluctant to let her start watching t.v., 
Friendly Persuasion. This is a movie that I have seen on and off through the years and have always loved. The Civil War, violence and how it affected members of 
Mission: Impossible. Mission: Impossible is one of the greatest adventure shows of all time. I heard that Paramount is digitally remastering the episodes for DVD. There s a number of 
It s about time!. It s about time this series showed up on DVD, we ve waited forever! This is great, I love watching this show and looking at the 
Such a masterful surprise, I m still loving the entire experience!. `Adaptation was a huge surprise for me. I was almost completely certain I was going to hate this film. 
It Takes A Brave Actress To Do A Show Like This!. I don t have Showtime at home, but had heard about this series, so took a chance and bought 
The Indisputable Kurosawa Masterwork Given Worthy Criterion Treatment. Leave it to the Criterion Collection to give Akira Kurosawa s seminal 1950 masterpiece its due with this superb 2002 DVD package. 
How to deal with lost clownfish. Finding NemoFinding Nemo is a wonderful motion picture. It describes the story of a father who s wife and all the eggs but one 
Cool!!. This Dvd really is neat. It has alot of features and a special bonus disc! But due to the release of her new dvd Greatest hits: My Prerogative this 
Ferris. Bueller, Ferris BuellerOK, lets start off with what wrong with this edition of Ferris Bueller s Day Off. there are two problem I see with this new Bueller Bueller 
Vanessa Williams is fine, but, Chayanne Shines. I usually stay away from the chick-flick genre that I was forced to watch with my ex-wife, daughter and, prior to that various 
Good chick flick. Bought this as a gift after liking it so much myself. Good girlfriends movie  
Looks like fun. I heard about this game, it looks like loads of fun. It s a fun interactive game where each time you play it it takes you to 
No need for a barre in ballet. I am a ballet dancer and I want to clarify what one reviewer said about how this DVD is not worth it because 
The Book of Acts made interesting and understandable!. First, I agree with other reviewers here that the portrayal of Paul the Apostle by Anthony Hopkins is a standout performance worthy 
More to the story than first viewing reveals. TEMPO is an odd sort of film. It seems to be caught up in camera tricks, rapid sequence photography, and in search 
Wild Wheels. I am the filmmaker so of course I am biased, I think this DVD is great! This DVD has a year of additional work in it, including extra 
Words fail me!. These guys are awesome together. Someone should be writing new material and throwing it at Simon & Garfunkel to get them back together making music that we 
Musical enchantment. A beautiful movie. You could watch this one for the music alone. Bearte is lovely to look at, and the story of unrequited love is excellent too. And 
Warrior. I think this is a great film and Bamderas is really under rated. As an aside, it s one of only a few films showing good relations between Arabs 
This is a great movie!!. I don t know why people are so negative about this movie. My family and I think it is hilarious! It s a great movie 
A Good WWI Documentary. This is a good WWI video for anyone who enjoys good colorized footage, and accounts from letters from the battlefield. There are also veterans of the 
wonderfull for children. superbThis is a captivating and memorable dramatic tale which teaches basic good vs evil morality to small children in a way they remember and understand. Older children 
High Five. An acid-trip of things that you have always wanted to say. I m actually waiting for the merchandise. I want a puppet of Middle America.If you re as 
A Portrait Of Cinema Past. One of those films that I hazily remember from my youth, and decided to revisit. A few reasons led me to take a second opinion: 
Great workout. This dvd is wonderful. You will not be bored. The moves are different and the video is fast-paced. Chris Freytag is fantastic and her programs really work. Do 
Charming, but needed more focus. A 10-week program in New York City schools teaches ballroom dancing to 5th graders, imparting lessons about self-worth, respect, and etiquette. Some of the students 
Becoming a man in a world gone mad. When it was first released, my wife and I saw Tea with Mussolini at a small theater in our neighborhood, the Drexel 
WOW... awesome movie. this movie kept me on the edge of my seat for the whole 90 minutes... especially when the ending of the movie came around. all i can 
A Masterpiece. Although somewhat dated this is the best documentary about the Trojan War and whether it occurred that I have seen. The topic is thoroughly examined from a number 
This spectacular romp is supercharged! .Who is the guy who robs Bruce early on?. Very lively, very visual, everybody does things that no other movie has the ground strength for 
Creepy. The grand-daddy of all vampire movies - there may be earlier ones, but Murnau s 1922 NOSFERATU is the one we all remember - is still pretty effective. Count 
SOUL MURDER. Luchino Visconti s Marxist take on the changing Italian society circa 1960 was one of the most controversial and influential movies of the early 60 s. Like LA 
Not as good as 1-3, but definitely better than 4. Although it doesn t live up to most of its predecessors, American Pie 5: The Naked Mile, is still a 
very accessible. I enjoy a lot the work of Rodney Yee, this disc is just right for me, not exhaustive but yet challenging. It gives a nice perk up if 
Forster s Tragic Angel . Most of E. M. Forster s novels on film have a sense of lightness that the world of tragedy may only peripherally intrude upon. But 
Necessary as opposed to gratuitous. This review discusses the structure of the movie starting from the approach of a very important spoiler. Reader beware.When I first saw this, I felt 
 That Dear Old Menace, Alastair Sim . There s no denying Green For Danger is a winning, particularly witty murder mystery, a genre the Brits do markedly well. What 
Pete & Kate. Stellar performances by O Toole and Hepburn. King Henry #2 and his fair Lady, Eleanor full of intrigue and princely plots. Love me, hate me, leave me 
Eastwood takes one for the Pres. A psycho played by John Malkovich plans to kill the President, and Clint Eastwood, an aging, almost over-the-hill secret service agent, is trying to 
Audrey. As a collector of Audrey Hepburn s movies, I just could say: another wonderful piece  
Before spell-check and plagiarism school. Only the acting pros Clark Gable and Doris Day, and their foil, Gig Young could make the news biz an entertaining treat. Of course, it 
A BEAUTIFUL AND SENSITIVE FILM. I agree 100 with the previous reviewer. Here I found myself, on Super Bowl Sunday, watching this beautiful film for the upteenth time, where as 
Nail on the Head. I first saw this in the theatre because I like Dennis Quaid and Scarlett Johansson. I had never really seen Topher Grace outside of That 70 
Tuesdays with Morrie. It took me all of 4 hours to read this book. It was insightful and entertaining. It was also sad. I cried so hard at the end 
Can we get this guy for president?. I m starting to think that the number one requirement for the job of president should be acting experience. We seem to do 
The Joshua Tour Movie. While the album contains some tracks that are not present in this movie which document to capture the moment of the making of an album as 
Uncle Buck Rocks!. Uncle Buck is absolutely hilarious, and no better actor then John Candy to play this role! Uncle Buck is a Slobby, Unorganized, Middle-Aged Man, and is asked 
Polish saying: Sto Lat! - May you live a hundred years! . I have not seen A Generation, the first film in this box set, but I have seen the 
Good Times. I m looking for the season with Janet Jackson in them. I have bought the 1st and 3rd season but I can t find anything that says she 
Very good lighted hearted film. I like films that are funny and cheerful nothing drab and sad. Something to make you smile and laugh  
Another good movie that has gone unnoticed. Exceptional movie about a highly unlikely love couple. Age issue, the other way round, because the guy is younger and they have social 
Enjoyable feel-good flick. I think I can safely say this movie is one of the best purchases I have made all year. After waiting for over three months for Amazon 
WILL MAKE YOU SHAKE YOUR BUTT ACROSS THE LIVING ROOM. I expected this to be a good DvD and I was not disappointed. I watched it 3 times the first 
Keaton s marriage life slapstick farce. This splendid slapstick farce was Keaton s revenge to the tensions and bitterness of the marriage life with his first wife, Nathalie Talmadge. The 
Serious Science Fiction Shocker. Tuesday is Soylent Green Day.That ominous statement is delivered in the film as a kind of TV advertisement, an informational message aimed at the desperate denizens 
And you thought you were having a bad day. I am glad &quot;Ms. 45&quot; is back on the shelf, because for a long time it was hard to find, certainly 
Prisoner of Azkaban is Fantastic..... I love this movie!! I like the direction Alfonso Cuarn took with movie compared to how the first two movies were made. The Prisoner of 
surprise. I just want to say that I know I am in shape but the next day, my abs were sore. The twisting really work  
Beautiful film about fullfilling your dream. Great film with poetry in every frame and line, a film about a man who wants to direct an opera and will stop at 
sick, sad and heart warming. i bought this last night having only heard of it, but having an active interest in the lifestyle.i certainly got more then i had anticipated. 
Can t Get Enough Of Curb!. Again a funny and greatly entertaining series, I just can t get enough. What will he think of next, I hope there will be 
IM STILL TOO SCARED TO WATCH!. Oh my goodness. i had to look up this movie, and sure enough, it still scares the hell outta me, i wanna buy it 
Class Cross-Over on Love Tube: I m Comiiiinnng . The theme that thrills me most is the class emphasis of the film. True love breaks the class barrier cheaply, this 
Wow. A few weeks ago my 18-year-old son asked me if I had ever seen a movie about an old man who drives his lawnmower on a long trip to 
Not Complete. This is one of Bill Hicks best performances but sadly this dvd is incomplete. A very taboo joke is missing from it and I have no idea why. 
How to get a studio to pay for a party for you and friends. Step 1} Make a wonderfully surreal movie Repo Man Step 2} Make a critically acclaimed film 
Shocking casting. This movie has great casting. The actors play characters that they usually don t play. This may be the best acting I have ever seen Keeanu Reeves do 
very entertaining. i loved this movie and think it is the best out of the trilogy. it is so erptic that even gay guys would enjoy the scenes  
A superb and mindbending story. If you watch this movie, you must open your mind and expect anything  
AWESOME MOVIE!!!. I thought it was like Clerks but in a restaurant instead of a convenience store.However I would love to know why the full screen version costs so much 
Timeless Fun. This is a timeless original Disney classic. They don t make them like this anymore. If you like Sean Connery James Bond then you ll definitely love him 
Perfect Parker Posey!. This film is a delightful, light hearted look at both sides of where the club kid rave scene blends with the New York art, music and performance 
A master chef deals with 3 daughters and retirement. I watched this movie once and thought it was just OK, but then I watched it a second time and liked 
Masterpiece. I am continually amazed at the huge variation in people s tastes. Someone can give a 1 star rating and the next a 5 star rating for the same 
Excellent First Season. This DVD is a fine copy of an excellent first season to the Lois & Clark show which relates the Superman story in a warm, family-friendly and 
The Maisy Trifecta!. Bright, bold, colorful and amusing we love Maisy and recommend all three fabulous DVD s - Are there any more  
about the ending. I Just want to say something about the ending, which is absurd to some. Some previous reviews say that was beyond comprehension. I guess it takes a 
COMEDY. IT WAS VERY USEFUL TO SHOW MY AMISH FRIENDS HOW WE THINK THEY REALLY LIVE  
This is the review of a whealthy family who lost everything... ...and the fans who had made the choice to keep it altogether; but every good things must come to 
Great show, but DVD has poor picture quality. I love Larry Sanders... it s just a brilliant show, and paved the way for reality TV. I was a bit disappointed, 
Burt s best romantic comedy!. This film is a perennial favourite with me. It s funny, warm and charming every time. Burt plays a man who is reluctantly splitting from 
No English audio subtitles on extra disk?. I LOVED this movie! However, my Extras disk has neither English audio nor English subtitles. Does a version of the Extras disk exist 
A Strange One. I still give this one five stars , because it is part of What they are outlining as Zatoichi s life and the fact is that he 
This Was The Best Season. I loved this season to bad it was the last one but last is still not least. LOL. Because as far as I am concerned 
Blue Max. The movie content is great, but the quality of the recording was a disappointment. Many of the scenes in the second half of the movie were very dark. 
Excellent, a must see. I am an 18 year old white male from a high-class family.. I loved this movie.. The performance of Omar and ll cool j is just 
Dark Angel season 2. Just as good as season 1 but wish could hav3e gone on to give us a real ending instead of leaving it open and not a 
OVER ALL- THUMBS UP. I LIKED THIS MOVE BECAUSE IT IS AN INTERESTING STORY, THESE KIDS FROM HARLEM WHO DISOBAY AND DISRESPECT AND GET INTO TROUBLE. tHEY ROB A STORE 
Great. Jessica Lange does an excellent job in portraying Frances Farmer. Not only does she resemble her physically, but her actinig is remarkable and it is no wonder that she 
Fine adaptation of a great American tragedy. Tennessee Williams s &quot;The Glass Menagerie&quot; tells of a lonely, over-controlled, over-controlling former Southern belle, now displaced to a small apartment in the 
Top-notch war thriller!. Based on real facts, this movie scrutinizes the ethic side of an idealistic and disappointed German medic P:O:W: who decides by own will to become spy for 
Big Sunday dinners with the whole family!. I wish my whole family,aunts,uncles,cousins,yada,yada,yada,would do that on Sundays,even if my grandparents are dead. Big Mama s brother was alive,and he didn t 
You re old only when you forget you re young. When I think of Cary Grant, I think of the suave, immaculate, debonair actor who defined cool in his own 
Gwendoline Hot and Fun. Gwendoline is free spirited and lots of beauiful skin adventure and action.Good choice of entertainment.They need to bring back a lot of these typemovies with lots 
not bad. not his best performance but enjoyable to see him live, sound quality is great  
There is only one Guinea Pig Box Set...and No Other Similar Items . I bought this New from Amazon for 80.00 and felt it was worth every penny. There are 
We love it!. My son is 4 and my daughter is 1 and they both love this video. We are seeing the live version of the video and now I 
OK Populist Drama. Meet John Doe is an engaging populist drama with some elements of screwball comedy, but it lacks the resonance of director Frank Capra s Mr. Smith Goes 
Outstanding piece about life in the trenches in Indochina, or as some call it, Vietnam. Filmed in late 66-early 67 but releasedin early 68, it includes the outstandingsong by Sgt. 
Pretty typical Ashley Judd. Not Ashley s greatest film, but there are some good scenes, like breaking into the school, and the car on the ferry boat scene. Tommy Lee 
Speedy & Great Condition. I received my item within a week of ordering. It was still wrapped in the protective cellophane and it was in great condition with everything intact 
great flick. I remember seeing this movie as a kid in a kiddie matinee, crowded with kids at the long gone Fruitvale Theatre in Oakland. Great Flick!!! At that time, 
Good... Bad... I m the guy with the gun... Third in the series Evil Dead, Evil Dead 2, then Army of Darkness . This movie is a cult classic.The one-liners 
A better influence for science fiction than Star Trek. Okay, you have three key officers: a captain, a doctor, and a science officer. Oh, and the chief engineer is a 
A Cult Classic. This movie has been a favorite of mine since it came out in 1999. In fact, I saw it the first time as a rental. I laughed 
A triumphant comeback for Kurosawa. The mortally wounded Lord Shingen Tatsuya Nakadai , engaged in strife with two opposing warlords for control of feudal Japan, commands that his death be 
One of Woody s best. This is a satirical comedy that is almost prescient in how it depicts events in Central America. Banana s lampoons everything from American Foreign Policy 
Midway. I have never received this item. It was first mis-delivered not to me and never arrived. Now, it has not been sent.As for the movie, I ve seen it 
Tops!. This is an excellent movie and very realistic. If you don t like to see what war does to people it s not for you. If you like military 
HAPPY 40TH ANNIVERSARY DARK SHADOWS!!. I m writing this on Dark Shadows 40th anniversary. The show premiered on June 27th 1966, the day before my 8th birthday, and it was 
One Hundred Years of Sunshine. This historical epic family drama from the master of Hungarian cinema, Istvan Szabo Mephisto, 1981; Being Julia, 2004 is a wonderful and memorable film that 
Marta s Baking Favorites. Is an excellent product. The bakers should do more of this dvd for the persons who doesn t have the naturally kitchen art. Thanks Patrici  
awesome anime. this is the best. the graphics are cool, the layout is the bomb, the story line is amazing! i love it! from beginning to end you are on 
Crazy Movie!!. This movie had me rolling in laughter, but there s an important message behind this movie. The production is quite low and the acting will not win any 
One of those films that stay with you. This is a dark and realistic film about how Wallenberg wanted to save defenseless men, women and children. I think that the 
Hilarious. I first saw this on PBS. This show is great if you appreciate the type of humor presented  
Too deep for Americans. This is a truly great movie that is wasted on American audiences that are accustomed to the shallow themes, a truly beautiful movie for those who 
Jeff Allen at Bananas. You will laugh yourself silly! I was laughing so hard my kids wanted to know what I was laughing at. They joined me and now we 
Men in War - Cult War Classic and Psycho-Drama. &quot;Men in War&quot; may just be the best pschological study of combat ever made and should be considered a cult classic 
The book. I haven t seen the movie just yet but the book is just excelent, I don t know if the english translation is good or not but the 
Gable Rules as Ford Looks On. Great to have MOGAMBO on DVD. It looks good. Not your usual John Ford film from my view. Clark Gable is the man and 
Great for beginners! Highly recommended!. This is a great DVD if you re just getting started. The instructor adds light humor to keep you going thru the yoga practice without 
Fascinating. Discovered this gem courtesy of a science museum. We watch this as a family. Beautiful cinematography! I get a kick out of the subtitles being used for information on 
It s About Darn Time!. I am a huge fan of F Troop and loved the Complete First Season box set. My dad really loved it. Over the course of 
A Very Good Suspense Film: Highly Enjoyable!. When I heard friends describing this film, I thought it was going to be terrible. It was not, and in fact it is 
Sorcerer - feedback. For being an old movie it was entertaining, I saw it years ago when it came out and it is still good, worth seeing  
Real Sweetness. Yoji Yamada s Twilight Samurai was an extraordinary treat. Following in similar footsteps, The Hidden Blade is again a samurai tale where a lower samurai must weigh matters 
An unusual sci-fi allegory. This film is best interpreted in a symbolic and allegorical way. The plot is too implausible and riddled with inconsistencies to be taken literally. Instead, what 
Fun. I was looking for an activity that would help keep me motivated or want to do again, this really is fun. I do motify it for myself because of 
Hello, Cowboy!!!. Hello World , well stated from the cowboy!!This film is awesome entertainment!! It s right to the point. For me, half the movies these days are just a 
 History written with lightning . President Woodrow Wilson made the statement I used for the heading of my review when discussing The Birth of A Nation. Whether you like 
hit or miss season. season 8 is the first season without Larry David and clearly you can see the show lost a lot of its quality and even exited the 
Suspenseful Masterpiece by The Italian Hitchcock !!. What would we do without the internet? Ok maybe what would I do without it. With Unsane the heavily edited version of Tenebre 
John Fisher s wisdom in different situations. It s a great resource, covering selecting a breed of dog, tips related to training, and information related to dog behavior. It shows 
A Paul Newman classic. One of the most realistic preformances of Paul Newman s legendary career. As Hud, Newman is sincere, sensual, and raw. He lives on a cattle ranch 
EXCELLENT!. A truly outstanding movie, In the Name of the Father, brings to the screen the true story of a young Irishman who was wrongfully detained by the British forces 
Not Complete History. Overall, this DVD set is pretty good! The only reason it s not 5 stars is that they completely gloss over the Infante years. Sure, they weren 
Best in its Class... I cannot praise this series enough. Remarkably complete and ultimately absorbing, this series does for WWI what World At War 1973 did for WWII. Every installment 
 It s good to be the king . This isn t one of Mel Brooks best movies but it is a classic. There are many hilarious songs and cheesy 
A jolly good show. Moving, intelligent, realistic, not overly acted as could quite easily have been the case .About a 20 year old who has gone off the rails to 
great check it out. ok this movie starts out very strong and just keeps giving, when i got this movie i had no idea what it was about just new 
Shaking the Crime Stick!. I had been aware that once there was a show called Mr. Show , starring Bob and David, and that it had been on HBO. But 
Grand Historical Epic. Lord Mountbatten: The Last Viceroy, is a history of the final tumultuous weeks of the British Raj. In the post World War II period maintaining control of 
Great edition of this classic. They really did a good job with the video on this. So much clearer and better looking then my old vcrtape. Bonus extras are nice 
sex sex sex not for kids. This movie has a SEX sceane in it that is not kid friendly.  
Great stuff!!. Very easy to learn. Simple techniques. People who have no dancing background can easily pick up dancing routine. Recommended to anyone who wants to learn from scratch  
A BRILLIANT CINEMATIC MASTERPIECE. When I first heard about this film I really wasn t interested. I thought the film was about an underground fight club. But it was more 
What a wake up call this documentary shouts!!!. What a wake up call this documentary shouts!!!Professional scientists around the world all agree that what Al Gore presents in this film 
Steal This Review. Abbi Hoffman,Not a figure us brits are aware of, and although this film has had its share of critisism, as a fan of D Onofrio, it s 
The Video Collection - Brad Paisley. This collection of the best of the Brad Paisley video s is a real joy to watch and listen to. Presented in a good 
Very good take on the werewolf story, albeit one that goes abit too long. 1981 was a great year for werewolf movies. There was the excellent An American Werewold in 
louis malle s masterpiece. emotionally shattering true-life tale well, sorta based on an incident in director louis malles youth wherein the school in which he played by the very beautiful 
Satisfied Fan. I enjoyed the LaFemme Nikita series so much on television and really hoped they would bring it back or not cancel it. So, purchasing the series by DVD 
BUT WHAT ABOUT U.S.?. In the first installment, when the proposed party conference theme of FINDING THE RIGHT WAY turns up as simply THE RIGHT WAY at the actual event, 
And the Band Played On. I received this product on time and in perfect shape. I enjoy the high quality of Amazon s site  
Original version?. Hey, does anyone know how I can get the original version of this movie? That starts out with a long view of the sub barracks, gives a glimpse 
I love it. What a relief. Somebody intelligent on film. No explosions, no car chases. And I was spellbound from start to finish, and laughed so hard I thought my 
One of the best videos I ve bought. My daughter who is 17 months and her friend who is two yrs. love this video. My daughter tries to dance along 
Bound A movie you bound to have . If Drama, suspence, a little humour and an impressive story line is your thing, then you are BOUND to like this movie. 
The War in Romania, Greece, and Egypt. Fortunes of War is the dramatization of six Olivia Manning novels: The Balkan Trilogy and The Levant Trilogy. The seven parts of the 
but...not for beginers. I know a bit of martial arts and have been doing yoga for awhile so this workout was perfect for me. Not too long, not too short. 
An original, classic and must-see for any horror fan!. I can t believe it took me so long before I was ever introduced to this film. This is truly a 
must love dogs, lovely movie...i love john cusack & diane lane... once again, i can relate, being in my 30`s and loving my pets, relationships are not that easy this 
All the charm and wit of a stage production. Noises off! is a delightfully comedy of errors look at what goes into a stage production and what goes on backstage. 
Very Good. I am a personal trainer and tried this DVD. I was surprised to hear the comments about the workout exercises hurting peoples back, in all my years of 
RIP Clifford Antone: One Of Blue s Biggest Supporters. This DVD came out in 2004 in Australia. I have been looking for its US release for 18 months. Unfortunately, Clifford 
the parallax view is a great paranoid thriller from the watergate era. when this movie came out the watergate scandle was in full bloom and no one trusted the goverment 
Perfect Love Story. Love story meets dark comedy. Cameron Diaz said it best in There s Something About Mary - Harold and Maude is the greatest love story of all 
Funny As Usual. What can I say Matt and Trey will forever hold a spot at the top of the comedic foodchain. This is a deff a must have for 
Kind of a sad movie but worthwhile and absorbing. This Canadian film set in British Columbia tells the story of a young working class woman who learns she has a 
Quite possibly the greatest film Spike Lee has ever made. Arguably Spike Lee s greatest film, Malcolm X falls into that realm that many biopic s strive for yet don 
Good jobs by the entire cast... High-level surgeon William Hurt comes down with cancer, and is forced to evaluate modern-day health care from the viewpoint of a patient. He finds 
A must see for Americans with a conscience. Those who are apprehensive about my 4-star evaluation, do not be afraid. You ll see more on that in a bit. This 
Best concert on Video?Probably so... After dismantling the mammoth stage productions of ZooTV and Popmart in the nineties, U2 returned with the old fashioned approach to the live concert setting.Stripping 
DESTINED TO BECOME A CLASSIC. Some reviewers have said this is an anti-war movie. That may be optimistic. Maybe it is a movie about the misery of being a submariner 
Basic but Challenging. The title of this videos is Basic Caminadas, but the steps and figures being taught here are quite challenging. Argentine Tango can be very complex, and this 
irish lore. my son and i loved this movie. it is full of irish lore. it is well crafted and such a different type of story. we both loved the 
White Hot Stripes. I being fairly new to the White Stripes scene, saw them play for the first time on one of the awards shows which I believe was the 
Finally! I ve been waiting years for this DVD to be released. Oh my. I love this movie. It even makes me cry. It s sexy, cute, and heartwarming. Yes, 
Not your father s Galactica. There are many great reveiws here- Ditto to the accolades and step by step commentaries. In gestalt, the series is aging like fine balsamic vinegar; 
 Anyone?, Anyone?, Bueller? . Matthew Broderick stars in this very funny film about a high school student who decides to take a day off of school. What happens next 
The children this is made for cannot write a review. This review is written for average people who have small children.When my daughter got this DVD she was very happy, 
Interesting Noir Film!. This remake from the Reckeless moment has many points to wein. The interior drama, the triple crossroads feelings in this mother, and the outer intrigue of the 
Elegantly Debauched Life, Whimsically Portrayed Death. Through John Huston s directorial talents, the colors of Toulouse-Lautrec s palette are duly celebrated as he recreates the night life of fin-de-ciecle Paris.Our 
BEST LITTLE WHORE HOUSE IN TEXAS. ONE OF THE BEST DOLLY PARTON MUSICAL MOVIES IN THE ARCHIVES. GETS LITTLE OR NO RECOGNITION FOR BEING ONE OF THE BEST MUSICALS NOR 
masterpiece cinema. The very template for an entire genre of film-making, Kurosawa s gritty dust-swept sets and wrinkled obi s and tussled-haired Samurai and black-tooth geisha chicks and rough-hewn anti-hero 
simply fantastic. A one of a kind production, excellent performances. I just wish we had more shows like this  
I love The Show. Just A Note about the DVD. Can t say anything bad about the show. I love it. I collected all 8 seasons of it. Thanks to 
Frenetic and Disturbing. What s your color? That s a simple question. I actually enjoyed this movie. I found it to be very interesting and thoroughly engrossing. Lawrence Tierney seems 
This may not be sparkling original, but it s well executed. There are many movies about sports, some very good, some really bad and this one falls into the very 
Excellent Purchase. Excellent product fast and easy. Been a Godzilla fan since young and was thrilled to have this collector s item.Thank you very much  
Bob Newhart Show. It s Bob. What can you say but funny! They are still funny now  
Five Stars. I always want to see Blind Melon in a Dvd and i think that is a real good Recital, whit the bonus tracks in Much Music. The songs 
1 Other thing better. This DVD is sooo worth the buy. THE 2ND SEASON NEEDS TO COME OUT! Its been several years since the show has been cancelled. The 2nd 
Sexy and campy. But mostly sexy. After watching the movie and then looking at the reviews, it seems unreal that anyone could actually write four paragraphs about this movie, but 
Two Views of James Elegent Chiller in one hit. In this new Masterpiece Theatre spin on James classic bone-chiller Ben Bolt depicts an elegent but updated reinterpretation of the book 
Ya ll peep is crazy. This was one of the best movie I ve seen all year. Guliana Rabissi sp? is PHENOMINAL. People giving this movie low ratings must not 
Five frybread rating!. Poetically intriguing! I am sure Alexie will be criticized for showing the ugly side of reservation life along with the beauty, but this film sticks with you. 
THE FORGOTTEN PAST. What a amazing picture this is. I was up on the edge of my seat,not for climax but all the time.it starts with a beautiful music given 
Glad I got this!!. I was a bit hesistant to get this DVD to complement my copy of EMI s three-CD audio set. The CDs, after all, constitute the soundtrack 
I Love Gene Kelly!. I grew up with Gene Kelly performances and so this box set is wonderful. Singin on the Rain is one of his classics, as well as 
Queen of the Damned. OMG! How can i begin to descibe the sexiness of LESTAT! Stewart Townsend He s like the hottest 500yr old ever! You don t have to 
So nice to have this in my collection!. Lambert the Sheepish Lion, Paul Bunyan, The Little House ...all of the cartoons I loved when I was little, and now I 
Great trilogy, especially if you haven t read the books. I find it rather amusing how so many kids writing these reviews bash the trilogy mostly because they have no 
Second Hand Nothing. This is a first class movie....my husband and I were thrilled to find it on Amazon. Good cast, good story,one to watch again and again.........my husband does 
An Experience You Won t Forget. This was the televised on PBS gala that turned me from a casual, occasional opera listener into a full-fledged fan. And most specifically, it 
sweet dreams. 1 of the best music DVD s that i have a film about her life, and times,and the music is greatpatsy and charlie were real peoplea real film 
Excellent Movie 4 Traders. Ok 4 Others. To fully apreciate this movie you have to be a trader, a trader who has experienced loses. Many of the emotions that Nick 
Even kept my girlfriend interested... My girlfriend hates my motorcycle and has absolutely no interest in motorsports. I started watching this one night at her place and before I knew 
a love story undiminished by time. An immortal wartime romance with Ginger Rogers and Joseph Cotten, I LL BE SEEING YOU remains one of the most beloved films of the 
Parrallel Political Intrigue. While being accompanied by a member of the press during the Persian Gulf War, an army unit is ambushed. The men of the unit don t remember 
a kneeslapper. despite his rude sexual humor, Pablo is definetly one of the funniest guys in stand up comedy. His sound effects are legendary and his face expressions are hilarious! 
JUST LOVE IT. I love this show. I would recommend it to anyone. I wish it was still on the air. I like that it includes the kids and the 
Class movie all the way. With Anthony Mann at the helm and James Stewart heading the cast, you expect real class all the way, and this 1952 western is no 
Missing Logo on box???. I just received all 5 Norhtern Exposure box sets from Amazont. I notice Seasons 1&2, 4, and 5 all have the same packaging logo on front, 
A Cult Classic. This film is required viewing for anyone who enjoys comedic, graphic violence with plenty of high pressure blood splattering. What can be said? This ranks up there 
 I m a street fighter. All that kickboxing and grappling stuff is overrated. . I wish that I could fully describe how great this movie is but I will 
Fantastic singer. Hayley Westenra is a fantastic singer. I can listen to her music day after day and always enjoy it  
You Idiots!. This is a great movie. It needs more good reviews. You are crazy if you don t think this is a good movie. B.T.W. nice Jaws 2 tribute 
Your holidays are set!!!. You ll be officially good to go with these DVD gems that cover the holidays from Thanksgiving way into the New Year. Martha took 3 of 
Makes you wanna dance along with him!!. I absolutely enjoyed this dvd. I couldn t keep still, it took me back to when I was a teenager listening to these 
M. Night Shyamalan s best movie. This movie impressed me, it was so well done and so creepy and grose sometimes,Bruce Willis is excellent and the boy is also excellent 
compelling storytelling. finally, this wonderful series has made it to the u.s.one of the things i most like about poliakoff s work is that it avoids the melodramatic, the sensational 
Surprisingly good. My apologies in advance to the legion of fans out there, but somehow the idea of a &quot;good&quot; Frank Sinatra film seems oxymoronic. But this is a fine 
Hee-haw, I love the over-analytical reviews!. I am from the South; my ancestors settled along what is now the Tennessee-Kentucky state line in far west Tennessee in the early 1800s. 
One of my favorites. Ever since I saw this movie I have wanted to own it. It is one of my favorites and I love the way Barbra Streisand sings! 
Choices. The opening scenes of a bakery and the violence that ensues draws you into a tangled tale of lust and survival. Not only does the director deal with difficult 
Body Snatchers!. First let me say Contrary to popular belief this movie WAS NOT shot in a widescreen format, it was CROPPED into a widescreen format by the studio before 
Fun and Easy to Follow. Easy enough routine to jump right in and go at your own skill level I got this a few months after having my baby . 
Another Film Hollywood WON T make.. I scornfully mock the idiot schmucks in Hollywood who are too concerned with the aged 13 to 22 market segment to put out a 
This is a must-have for all the Sherlock s fans out there. You must watch it. As a matter of fact, you must watch all the DVDs in the series. 
Cheyenne Social Club. I was very impressed with the quality of the product and the speed with which it was delivered  
An absolute must for any He-Man fan. I wrote reviews for both the He-Man Best Of collection DVD, and the Season One, Volume 1 DVD, which were fantastic. I ll 
why?. WHY...did he take his life? So much comedy and so unrewarded for it. Ricjard Jeni should have been a Comedy Central regular. His humor, from yeast infections being surrounded 
If you Love MASH... Alan Alda fans will love this movie. Alda haters, stay away. Alda is great in his role, as are Rita Moreno and an absolutely smokin hot 
Not the best laid film, but it gets extra points for originality. I must say that Best Laid Plans is in a league of it s own. I have never 
A Different Julie in Her Movie Debut. Charlie Madison James Garner is the king of the black market. He is the attach for a Navy Admiral and his main job 
Go Thumbs!. All the thumb movies are hilarious, with half the humor coming from how the thumbs look like. Thumb Wars is special because it was the first Thumb feature, 
The Start of The Sitcom. I laughed so hard I nearly choked! I ve watched I Love Lucy countless times people of a certain age were practically weaned on this 
Say Hello to Tony. Scarface is the story of the rise and fall of Cuban refugee Tony Montana, who comes from the gutter and soon becomes a drug lord in 
The Three Faces of Eve. It is a good older movie, if interested in mental disorders  
House rocks. i am not a sophisticated reviewer like many that review on amazon. But for anyone who likes house, this is a must buy. i got season one before 
Hilarious Movie - Must See for People Who Love Comedies!. If you loved Anchorman, 40 Year Old Virgin, or Old School, this is the movie for you. This film stars 
Strange?..............Not!!!!!. This video is quite good, even for us strange movie lovers. I love Alyssa Milano, and she does some of her best acting as Hugo. The strangest part of 
Renee Taylor is # 1. This is the funniest movie. I just happen to find it while channel surfing. And I knew it was Connie Stevens as soon as I 
 the hotest movie i have ever made wayne said of this great action movie. i love this movie! wayne and jim hutton tim hutton s father make a good 
Not their best DVD. There were a lot of good points to this DVD. I liked the fact that it was a couple of exercises that worked the abs, then 
The Wonderboy music video alone is worth getting this DVD. I don t remember how many years ago it was but very late one night I was watching MTV or 
Please enter a title for your review. contains spoilers Nothing horrifying in this movie episode, the one bloody scene is visually downplayed, but it s an original relationship drama. The 
Hidden Treasure. I love buying movies that no one had heard of, just by reading the box. This one was a true find. Very sweet hidden love story and an 
Civil War. Great movie, great actors for such a sad part of the U.S. history ! It is great to see in this movie some men who really existed especially 
A touching MOVIE. Notice I capitalized the word movie in the title of the review. The reason I did this is because it is a movie , not fact. While 
If you loved the movie, you will love this. I really enjoyed most of the cd. I would have liked some other songs to replace 2 of the remixes of 
A House Divided Will Fall, But This Film Soars!!! On my 10 best list!!!. This is one of those small arthouse-type films that few have heard about, but should certainly 
 I was promised seven bags of rice to turn you into mince meat and put you in a pie. . Based on a Japanese manga by Tetsuya Saruwatari, which 
Ask And Ye Shall Receive. No sooner had I finished writing a review of THE BORIS KARLOFF COLLECTION saying that someone should release THE BLACK ROOM on DVD when lo 
Lilo and Stitch and the importance of family. Review by: Adam Platts. Lilo and Stitch is an animated movie that emphasizes the importance of family. All of us lose loved 
Very Good!. I saw this movie a few months ago on an import dvd. I do have to say, the movie was great.Brad Renfro plays Mark ,a rebelling boy, who 
Criterion s Biggest set yet. This release is the largest to be released by the Criterion Collection to date. It contains six major films by Eric Rohmer and several short 
A Proper Rememberance for the Best of the Best. Rory Gallagher was one of those legend musicians that was the absolute best of the best in the R & B 
Good stuff. This movie is a comedy drama that is about a dull nerdy guy that doesn t have a snowball s chance getting a girl. A necklace suddenly changes 
Fresh is the word... This DVD totally covers pretty much everything you should know about the B-boy and B-boy culture. As far as how it started, to where it stands 
Stark, harrowing, cruel and incredibly funny. Nighty Night is one of those programs that truly causes the jaw to drop, even for those of us who are accustomed to edgy 
Great DVD, Shame about the story. This DVD is worth the money just for the great Sonny James & the brilliant Del Reeves both singing a couple of their mid 
Big Review. The 1988 movie Big was about a 13 year old boy named Josh Baskin who changed to 30 over night. After being humiliated at a carnival by the 
I Usually Hate Ben Stiller Movies. I generally can t stand Ben Stiller movies. They are usually far too crass for my enjoyment and I ve turned more than one 
The Amazing Grace. This is one of those corny, but charming, horror movies from the 1980s. It falls into the same category as Fright Night. But there is one element 
I ve always loved this one. In the vein of The Matrix, revealing what s real and what s not is a great plot device. The Thirteenth Floor was a 
Shed a Tear for Kindness. The initial episode, Chat!Chat!Chat, is another attempt to put some closure on the Laughing Man mystery. This time we are invited to a net discussion 
Great Series comes to an end. Well if you have got to Vol.7 you probably know about the story anyway. The music CD that comes with the deluxe version is 
Runaway . . . This is a downbeat film that threatens often to turn into tragedy, as a runaway teenager, with the ironically innocent name of Heidi, looks unsuccessfully for 
The Dirty Harry Collection-A Fan Review. This collection of the classic Clint Eastwood Dirty Harry role was excellent!! Each DVD was remarkably clear and captured all of the elements of 
The End of the Affair. Deborah Kerr an excellent performance, heart felt emotions of the timeing of this movie explored! Van Johnson a deep pull from his own life s 
The Hindenburg. A superb video that should definitely be reproduced in DVD form  
Excellent movie. If you enjoy scientific investigation, a slow paced scenario, and mystery, this movie is a total success. I was riveted on my seat from beginning to end. Splendid. 
A Good, Fun And Entertaining Vampire Flick!. All is not well in Santa Cruz, California. Lost Boys is fun and entertaining vampire flick that doesn t take itself too seriously: 
One of the best movies about Vietnam. Based on a true story; Location; Vietnam in The valley of the death. Lt. Colonel Moore leading 400 American troopers is surrounded by 
A Classic. The title says it all, I think this movie is a classic. A good yet strange strange movie that strated a very crazy animated cartoon show  
Better than usual remake. Whereas many remakes of beloved films stumble and fall, this Father of the Bride shines in its own right.The wonderful Steve Martin steps into Spencer Tracy 
One of my favorite movies of all time. I m a 22 year old guy, and I love this flick, it s great family fun, and Even I like it 
Great Routine!. I m back on this page because this is the third time I ve bought the DVD s and am back buying them for my friend who just 
This Is What Got Me Into Monty Python. Man, some of my all-time favorite skits are in this wonderful compilation here. For some reason, the Monty Python crew decided to 
A Classic. I first got hooked on William Powell from watching the Thin Man Movies. His acting style and personality fit the rich man posting as a butler genre perfectly. 
Someone actually read the book!. For anyone who appreciates when classic literature is read and respected, this version is for you. This version, unlike most other versions, actually follows the 
American Slapstick. EXCELLENT DOCUMENTARY ON CHAPLIN WITH INTERESTING MOVIES AND ESSENTIAL INFORMATION TO KNOW BETTER THE WORK OF THE GENIUS OF CHAPLIN  
Wickedly Funny. This movie is really entertaining, and so funny. I heard of the original black and white movie. but this was a nice little gem. its a shame they 
I ll be seeing you. Great wartime story with so much heart. They don t make them like this anymore. Ginger Rogers plays a different kind of role then you 
A New Convert! I m A Believer!. I have become a new fan of this series recently, and it is by watching season one. I was very surprised how well 
Es muy buena. Es una de las pocas secuelas que me gusta, por lo general las segundas partes no lo son. Sobre todo la introduccion que hace el DVD sobre 
Excellent DVD Teaching Blends, Vowel Teams, and Silent E . My son has every Leapfrog DVD and they re all excellent . Code Word Caper is no different, showing children 
Hilarious, and the cameos make it even better. It s a funny concept to begin with, and Stiller is hilarious. Then you throw in Rip Torn probably the best film 
Childhood classic. I first watched this movie as a kid in the 80 s, and practically wore the old vhs copy out back then. It was great to find it 
80 s Movies Fan. TEX was a great Movie,I own THE DVD..A must See IF You re Matt Dillon s Fan :  
Candy Cane hearts Rusty Nail. Joy Ride with Paul Walker and Steve Zahn is the ultimate horror thriller flick of 2001. They play brothers in the film, one is a 
Perfect antidote to The Last Samurai . As real as The Last Samurai was false. Better than any documentary in showing how far modern Japan has fallen from the mythological 
Can I give it 6 Stars?. An excellent movie, The Last Castle, brings to the screen the story of a highly decorated three star general a legend among his peers 
A John Woo &quot;Made for TV&quot; movie. The violence is toned down no bloody gun battles here and the story is not as dire as other films by this director 
 Road to Nashville . The quality of the film would normally rate a lower score, but I actually remember seeing this same sort of film quality on the silver 
GREAT ADDITION TO THE SET!. Have them all now-- a complete set. Liked the extras  
A perfect show. A wonderful moment in the careers of two fine singer-songwriters. The 9 new arrangements of Elvis s tunes by Allen are nothing less than a revelation. Both 
A great addition. The episodes are not that great, but they are not horrible either.....it is still entertaining and astonishing to see how the show had evolved since 1989. there 
Charming little film. For those unfamiliar with Grard Depardieu, GREEN CARD is a charming introduction. Good performances from both Depardieu and Andie MacDowell, and Bebe Neuwirth is delightful in a 
so funny. This is probably the funniest movie I ve ever seen. Seriously, if you have a sense of humor, you will enjoy this movie to the fullest. Heck, I 
The best Batman movie ever. Tim Burtons Batman is the best Batman movie ever and one of the best super hero films of all time. Jack Nichlsons performance as the 
a fine giallo. The opening ten minutes are a little rough, with an overdose of crash zooms, distorting lenses, clunky dialogue and poor model work. After the first story twist, 
Spicier... Wow, the more I see of this series, the more I love it. There have been many good parts before in the series, but these four episodes are where 
Donny Osmond - Live at Edinburgh Castle. I enjoyed this DVD so much!! I can t get enough of it!! His performance was spectacular...he sings like a dream and his 
who could ask for anything more. The bubbly and energetic Deanna does it again.She sings dances and entertains you from an era long gone.Each movie is enjoyable and fun watching.Her 
She jives by night. I ve been writing downbeat reviews lately, so I decided to write one about one of the five funniest movies ever. Just to answer the obvious 
An Early Showcase For Ollie. Norville Hardy he added the Oliver later in honor of his father began his film career in 1914 in Jacksonville, Florida where he appeared in 
Modern masterpiece!. Karl Billy Bob Thorton is a mentally challenged former killer that done a serious crime 25 years ago has been released back home. While he s there he 
IT IS STILL A GREAT SHOW. IT IS STILL A GREAT SHOW I HAVE SEASONS 1 - 3  
One of Neil s Best Works Yet!. This performance was just so well done. It was very emotional, entertaining, expressive and gave me a better appreciation for Neil s music. 
great movie. this is a very funny movie, steve Zahn is his usual antic self, great supporting cast. can t keep this movie on my shelf, people borrow and never 
Excellent show, but bad package pricing. This is one of the best shows I ve seen in a while. If you buy both seasons seperately, you would save some money 
Dude, Wheres My Car?. Alright, this isnt the funniest movie to come out. And all the 1 star reviews, I dont bother to read. This movie was funny when I 
I HOPE THIS HELPS!. THIS IS A VERY GOOD MOVIE DO NO LISTEN TO ANYBODY INLESS THEY HAVE 5 STAR REVIEWS CAUSE THIS IS A VERY GOOD MOVIE  
Normal Life. Based on a true story because no fiction writer could make it believeable. Well worth the time  
A Wonderful Film About Faith And Charity. Millions, a film directed by Danny Boyle, of 28 Days Later fame is an uplifting tale of a child s faith and new 
Amazing. I ll keep this short. If you are a baseball fan you re a dying breed then you will love this. This series magically takes you back in time 
Ballet Russes -- a real treasure. I realize that the DVD has not been released yet -- but, I did see the movie with a group of friends several times. 
What a movie. More hong kong action from the greats. You really should see this movie if you re into hong kong action. The shoot outs are great, and the 
moe DVD is good but the same show on HDTV was better. All it all, I really enjoyed this capture of a moe event. One thing I should note, I 
BUY IT! A MUST HAVE!. Seinfeld is great on itself, but adding those extra few things make it even better. You are able to surround yourself with Seinfeld. The episodes 
Love the Lt., not the Misses. I ll continue to buy these series; that is how much I enjoy Columbo, but Universal , I m not interested in the Extra 
Good for toddler. I purchased this video for my 2 year old. [...] it could ve included a bit more, but I haven t seen anything better out there for 
Phenominal show. I rented this DVD and wasn t really looking forward to watching it, but this past Saturday afternoon I stuck it in the DVD player and only got 
NOT SO MERRY CAMELOT. When watching this excellent film, one must remember that this is a military prison, so one wouldn t expect the usual let s break in the 
Wonderful Family Movie. I first saw this movie when I was only 3 or 4 years old and could have told you only that it had a really cool tree 
Daylight Bombing of Tokyo!. This is the true story of the Doolittle Raid on the Japanese home islands just after Pearl Harbor. 16 B-25 bombers under the command of Col. 
One of John Woo s best!!!. This classic Hong Kong flick is one of John Woo s best films!!! 2 sequels followed!!! This is the first and the best of 
Two Classics of Epic Proportions. Even with all the Austin Powers movies and such, Wayne s World still seems to be some of Mike Meyer s greatest work, and no 
Very dark - very scary. Se7en is one of the best thrillers ever made, and if 12 years later you still haven t seen it then you have missed a 
A Movie With A Quiet Intensity. Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson star in this movie, and M. Night Shyamalan is the director and filmaker. I love Shyamalan s work, 
Real-life portrayal of a hearing child with deaf parents. Once again, we have what should have been a wonderful movie diminished by a totally unnecessary sex scene. Also, there was 
Absolutely The BEST version out there.... This live-action musical version of the beloved &quot;Little Red Riding Hood&quot; story by The Brothers Grimm is a must see have. The songs are 
Costs Less Than A Movie Ticket with large popcorn!. I ve seen some of these at art cinema houses 30 or more years ago-the prints were no better;they aren t 
I am not a romance fan... I am not a romance fan... but this movie still remains in my top 50 list. And, I must admit, I cry at the 
This does happen to women. The story is around a woman who decided to work in the mines so she could give her children a decent life. Men didn t 
An Intense, Absorbing Ride Through One s Mind. In my personal opinion less than an hour after first watching it , I have determined that I have just finished another 
Dabbling in the Desert. To be sure, this 1936 David O. Selznick production has a very tame storyline, bland even, by today s standards. But what it does have is 
Shame. I thought this last release was quite bitter sweet, as we know what happened to the NewlyWeds,and it wasnt happily ever after . Not as enjoyable as the first 
If not the greatest, then the most original thriller ever put on film. Memento eclipses everything which preceded it, and set the bar so high it may never be topped. 
A WEEK IN THE LIFE OF A COKEHEAD. Having lived through the cocaine 80 s, I can assure you this flick hits the nail on the head. Forget about getting 
Interesting Movie. My husband and I had seen the movie several times before I ordered it from Amazon. We never get tired of it even tho the movie is of 
A Highlight of Tony s Career. Wasn t this the movie that made Cary Grant the most money, the most successful Grant film, and the one that broke the record 
Promises kept!. This is a sexy romp from the 60 s and it is a really a lot of fun. The movie has a number of nude scenes of Jayne 
A real treat for fans of Alias and 24 . I liked but didn t love the first two MI films. The first was artsy but somewhat convoluted and not 
IF YOU VE SEEN THE 1ST ONE BUY THIS!!!!!!. This is a must have the price is not bad and you willl laugh from start to finish, but you should 
inuyasha. my daughter absolutly loves inuyasha she can t wait to get the others to complete her set she watches the show every chance she gets  
Side Splitting Laughs. From the first time I saw these guys on Blue Collar Comedy Tour: The Movie, I instantly thought they were funny. Bill & Jeff were their usual 
Pretty good despite cheesy title. It s 1961; the USSR has finally finished its nuclear powered submarine and is ready to deploy it off the East coast of the United 
Scattered at times, but a great start to Tyler s big screen career. When this movie came out, I was very much against it. Another man in a fat suit? 
Urban Revenge Western. Evelyn Mercer served as a foster parent for years. During that time, she only found four children she couldn t place with adoptive parents. Bobby, Angel, Jerimiah, 
CSI: is the best. I love CSI: and anyone who likes CSI: this is a must have. I find watching the DVD s better because you don t have commercials. 
Lords of Discipline. The movie keeps one interested throughout. It is fast-paced and gets one to think about how we treat other human beings. The actors are believeable in their 
Carly Simon - A Moonlight Serenade on the Queen Mary 2. I m a big Carly Simon fan and was definitely not disappointed. Wish I had been there with a 
I can t believe some of these negative reviews. What s the matter with some of you people? This was simply just a fun film to watch. No seriously intricate 
All The Kings Men - 1949 VERSION. Our son worked on the 2006 version of All The Kings Men with Sean Penn, Jude Law, Kate Winslet, Patricia Clarkson and Anthony 
Bring on the Odaiko: One Earth Tour vs. Live at the Acropolis. This CD DVD concert far surpasses Live at the Acropolis in presenting Kodo in their element -- live 
A Landmark from a Genius. Here is a work of poetic and cinematic genius, released in 1957, and now re-released by Criterion in 1999, which, judging by all the reviews 
Loved it. I very much enjoyed this movie. Unlike some others, I didn t think it was too long, or the English subtitles mysterious, or the Africans shallow. I particularly 
River... I am a teen boy and I can relate to River Phoenix. He is hot and great in this movie about a sexually frustrated teen. Matthew Perry stars as 
Doris Does It Again. Without the charm of Day,this film would fall flat,however it is not the case with this musical.Doris plays showgirl Ethel Dynamite Jackson,who is mistakenly offered the 
Prison, Football, and Life. THE LONGEST YARD is usually billed as a football comedy, but the movie is actually a drama filled with comic moments centered around a very unique 
A perfect film. Kurosawa s adaptation of King Lear succeeds in every way, and does so brilliantly: the visuals, plot, and score have no equals either individually or taken as 
Good Collection of Italian Westerns. According to British author Christopher Frayling in his biography of director Sergio Leone, in the wake of the international success of A Fistful of Dollars 
What a catch. Alfred Hitchcock made two kinds of movies: bone-chilling thrillers that looked into the dark side of human nature, and witty adventure stories. To Catch A Thief is 
Reliving an Era of Soul. This DVD will take you back to a time when Love and Romance was serenaded by masters of Soul.Very nostalgic and allows you to sing 
Guess Who Is Coming To Dinner. A group of well-to-do snobbish and obnoxious professionals have dinner parties every Wednesday to which each of them is required to bring an idiot 
Just what I ordered. I received the movie on time and in good condition. Realy funny.  
Garbo s Gift To Us... In my view Garbo s greatest film, and her most personal. Among my other favorites are Camille, Grand Hotel and Ninotcka, but Queen Christina is 
The best there is. I used to write Amazon reviews for every video I saw. I recently stopped doing that because they are unappreciated. My reviews are very sharp and 
I love this movie today as much as I loved it when I was 10.... I saw this movie for the first time when I was something like 10 years 
Best There ever was....Best there ever will be. This three disc set is a must-have for any wrestling fan. The first disc does a great job of telling the story 
Honest Realism. This movie was one of the most interesting and entertaining movies I ve viewed in the last couple of years. It is a documentary made of video clips 
One of a Kind. This is a very entertaining movie, things were very different in Jolsen s era, but the performances and the music still get the toes tapping! Larry 
Escape From L.A. - Criminally underrated cult classic!. Okay, I ll admit it. John Carpenter s Escape From L.A. is one of my absolute favorite guilty pleasures. Where else can 
Living in the Tati World. Jacques Tati s Oscar-winning 1958 masterpiece remains among the most imaginative comedies you re likely to see. Though inspired by the silent classics of Buster 
a week in the life of a serial killer. Just today I randomly selected a movie, that movie was Henry . I had never heard of it before, and I 
Good Film -- even the guys should like this chick flick! . Entertaining and fun relationship flick with the outstanding team of Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks. These two always 
A good movie. Creepy atmosphere, great soundtrack, interesting story. A family moves back to a house with old memories. Strange things begin to happen as the woman s son begins 
Gypsy. Bette Midler as always is an outstanding performer and this film is no exception. The performances from the entire cast create an entertaining remake of the original movie. This 
a true entertainer. This is a most for anyone who enjoys being entertained.Tucker is without a doubt the best entertainer out there. She performs every song with all she has.This 
if you can get past james woods lips.... this movie makes me happy. james woods lips, however, do not. i read somewhere that dolly parton said that james woods was 
They don t make THEM! like they used to. In addition to what everyone else has posted about this great movie, I just want to add that I originally saw 
Second season even funnier than the first!. Little Britain s first season is funny in the vein of Monty Python but it s the second season where the series really 
So Cute!. The item was just what we ordered -- good quality.I had forgotten how cute these two movies are! We purchased them to watch before our daughter leaves for 
Very Good!. I saw this movie a few months ago on an import dvd. I do have to say, the movie was great.Brad Renfro plays Mark ,a rebelling boy, who 
Something for Everyone. This is not a chick flick movie. This is not a movie for baseball fans.This movie is for everyone. It has romance, It has sports, It has 
Great movie. I enjoyed the movie, and of course movies sometimes are a bit of a let down from the book, but for those who rather just see the movie 
Best Beatle Movie Yet. If you liked Backbeat you ll love this one. Filmed at all the actual locations where The Beatles started in Liverpool it s more accurate and 
sense of the place where we live !. This movie is the best reggae movie ever made !!!I have seen it since i am kid, and now i owe the 
Great Surf Movie. This is an old favorite from my younger days. It is a movie written by John Millius about a group of young teens growing up in California 
Quirky, Oddly Compelling B Movie from the 80s. I don t know why but Lost Boys is oddly compelling. I think it is really a movie about the corruption of 
The Title Says It All!. Historic night full of magic and fabulous performances. The title is the best review I can think of, Lightning In a Bottle.  
Worth Buying...A must for Marie Osmond Fans. I felt at times that the movie was not true historicly as far as old west time period behavior, there were women dressed 
THIS BOX SET IS A NO BRAINER !. 5 stars for the box set! 3 stars for SLEEPAWAY CAMP ! 4 stars for part 2 UNHAPPY CAMPERS ! & 3 
 You eat lunch at 10. You eat dinner at 2:30. You eat breakfast the day before. . I saw this movie about 11 years ago when I was 10. 
Generally Good Rebuttal To Moore. In an attempt to be balanced, I think anyone who watched the frothing Michael Moore fantasy piece on 9 11 Fahrenheit 9 11 should watch 
exceptionally done. The cinematography in this video is exceptional. The history and richness of this area is very powerful. I highly recommend this video for anyone going to visit Cambodia 
Fans of Cowboy Bebop and people new to anime will love this title. This is an excellent series that I think all anime fans will enjoy, in addition I think 
A good adaptation of a wonderful book. The film version of the book has some great performances, especially from Michael Caine. It helps that John Irving himself wrote the script. 
Cop Drama That Made Cop Figures Human. &quot;The Onion Field&quot; is another one of those gripping cop dramas that makes it puzzling that the film didn t receive a single 
I AM REBORN IN THIS FILM S GENIUS. I SAW GOD AND HE SAID YOU ARE A WONDROUS CREATION . As brilliant as they come. Step aside Charleton Heston. A 
Terrific Story Line. My 3 teenage sons 17, 15 & 13 yrs. watched this movie more than once and they really enjoyed it by the way, these guys are real 
Great movie, but transfer is not the best. I love this movie and could watch it many times. It includes the best part of an earlier Harold Lloyd movie, the 
The Emporers New Groove-Fabulously Funny!. I love this movie! I have bought two copies now. This movie was a side-splitting comedy when I first saw it in the theater, and 
Shall We Dance? - Yes!!. Dancing is a passion that you either like or don t like. How many times have you heard people around you say that they love 
This Is Not An Angelina Movie. Note the sarcasm. Less then 3 minutes into the movie and I knew this was the movie Angelina Jollie would remake 1,000 times. Depending 
Very Sexy. This is an excellent and very sexy, movie. Some have labeled it a blue film and it does have some nudity in it. However, to view it as 
Friday. Looking forward to watching this movie.Rated R for pervasive strong language and drug use,and for a brutal fight  
Goog Kung-Fu Comedy. I don t like Kung Fu comedies, but this is a good one. The fights are good, only the ending is a silly piece of action  
 We re like animals, when we make love... . For anyone who s a fan of The Protg Formerly Known as Vanity, this film is a must! It also 
Classic Swashbuckler. The movie that made Flynn a star. One of five great pirate movies no collection should be without  
Prehisteric Fun!. Loved this as a kid.Love it as an adult.My son thinks its really funny  
Moscow Does Not Believe in Tears. This movie shows the classic of Russian history. People interested in Russian culture should definately watch this movie. The plot of the story is 
no where to rent this tape!. No where to find or rent this tape so I bought this tapes for its worthwhile coz i m studying swordsmanship right now. but 
I Thought This Was a Cute Movie!. I watched the movie Innerspace and I thought it was a cute and funny comedy movie! It stars Dennis Quaid, Meg Ryan and 
Great concert. If you want to hear good music and have a great meeting with friends, you have to own this one. It is amazing to see Pink Floyd together 
A Good Retelling of the Trojan War. Troy is a grand sweep of a movie with startling effects and a wortwhile, gripping plot. Yes, in some areas it corrects Homer 
A jolly good show. Moving, intelligent, realistic, not overly acted as could quite easily have been the case .About a 20 year old who has gone off the rails to 
This Movie Flounders On The High Seas!!!. You would think that a movie starring Elizabeth Hurley and Patsy Kensit alone on the high seas with a sea captain would make 
 A day without a wicket, is like a day without sunshine! . How to Succeed is an energetic and snappy satire of big business. As the story opens, J. 
Laugh Out Loud Funny!!!. It s a zany mix-up in this dazzling comedy starring Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell. This is a riches-to-rags story for anyone who loves practical jokes. 
Underrated Gem. 2005 s Upside of Anger, missed out during the awards season; and it didn t do well at the boxoffice. But don t pass it by. It features 
No Mercy shows No mercy. No Mercy 2002 was a great pay per view and i believe it is one of the best of 2002. the matches are out of 
Modern-Day Poppins. Good fun. A dysfunctional English family is made whole by a visit from a demented Mary Poppins who sees murder as the best solution to every little domestic 
1980s Low Budget SF at its Best. The one thing that I loved about this film is that it doesn t take it self too seriously.  
Magnificent workout!!. Great workout for intermediate advanced trainees. Rael is an astounding instructor. The workout is complete and has an overall adequate pace and vitality. The warm-up and cool down 
Excellence!!. I first saw this movie in 1991 and instantly fell in love, wishing I could go out and dicover something as monumental as the source for the Nile River. 
Zeffirelli s Romeo and Juliet. As a high school English teacher, I show this film every year to my students and they love it. Some even love it more than 
And At Last, The Full Spectrum. For those energy-driven, music infected Salsa fans and now they are legion! here at last in one convenient packet is the full course of 
For all young at heart aged 2 to 122 years of age. A really exquisite movie that will make you laugh, cry, and keep putting it on again for moreThe 
for a lost soldier. I must say that i really enjoyed the movie and all, there could have been a little more nudity but other wise a great movie. Have 
The Name of the Rose. One of the better mysteries I ve seen in a while  
 What s green, hangs on a wall, and whistles? . This story is certainly not new. Stephen King, for instance, had the same premise in his novel The Talisman. 
Too sophisticated to just be considered a kid s film . When I went into this film, I expected to like it. I vaguely remembered seeing on TV one time 
 Tierra y Libertad!!! by tarascomichoacan. This movie is probably the best movie made about the revolution!It begins with the story of Emiliano Zapata, a young charro who breaks horses 
Slow Paced Slice of 1970s Americana. The Ice Storm is a startling look at 1973 America and how lost so many people parents, children, neighbors, etc. became during this transitional 
Can we give 10 stars?. Kieslowski never took the easy way out. Each hour-long film is intricately plotted, beautifully filmed and loosely examines the spirit of the Ten Commandments. But 
Very Funny. Out of the three John Waters films I ve seen Pink Flamingos, Serial Mom, and this film...In that order , this is definitely my favorite. It s probably 
A genuine classic!. This amazed me when it first came out and still has that capability. The combination of puppets and live action works really well, David Bowie is wonderful, 
excellent. a must have, best indiana jones edition ever, additional disc with Spielberg Lucas Ford comments on making the movie is one of the kind and a fun to watch 
Good taste?. This is a fun documentary on Helmut Newton. I was at his lecture at the New School and the film gives you the same feel for him and 
Great movie!. I love this movie, AWESOME choreographed fight scenes that are very well filmed, great humor, and how can you say no to a love crazed Brittany Murphy and 
Thank God for a movie about Thanksgiving. Pieces of April is such a sweet, lovely, and heartfelt movie. Katie Holmes is pitch-perfect as the title character April. This is her 
Great laughs, especially toward the end... This prize-winning play about a nutty family of eccentrics in the 1930 s isn t done on stage much anymore it is a nightmare 
Interesting Perspective. This documentary discusses the possibilty of life emerging on other planets in the Universe besides Earth. While many people assume that since the Universe is nearly infinite, there 
One of the Best Brit WWII dramas ever filmed!!!!!!!!!!!!. I saw this when it first appeared on American television on Masterpiece Theater when it originally was aired in 1978 79. 
A swashbuckler s delight. This is an excellent collection of Errol Flynn movies from the Warner Bros. studios. Flynn was at his best in historical action pieces such as the 
NOT ANIME!!!. This is the LIVE ACTION VERSION of the Crying Freeman anime. This is a truly well done masterpeice of a film. Mark Dacasca s potrayed The Freeman perfectly. 
Great 80s comedy. This is one of the great 80s comedies; with an excellent cast, well paced plot, and interesting characters. What the characters lack in depth, is made up 
DSF. I love this work out its my favorite of all my work out videos. I also feel I get so much more out of it then I would on 
A HALF DOZEN TANTALIZING TREATS FROM DORIS. Two years ago Warners released The Doris Day Collection which quickly became a best seller. It contained some choice Day films from the 
Hammer Productions- 6 Legendary Classics of Gothic Horror!. The legendary British film studio, Hammer Productions began its climb to the top of the horror film genre with its Technicolor release 
Heroes abound. The Great Escape portrays the heroism of prisoners never giving into their captors and the pompous honor of Nazi Germany. The group becomes a monkey wrench at all 
Ambitious and Engaging Work From Spielberg. Empire Of the Sun is a different type of war epic that treats the Japanese occcupation of China as seen through the eyes of 
The spoiled princess s of Manhattan. Uptown Girls starring Brittany Murphy and Dakota Fanning is quite delightful about a rich girl Murphy who loses her inheritance and must become one 
Deeply Inspiring. A very special story that sheds glowing light on the beautiful capacities of the human heart. I found myself deeply inspired to create new paintings while watching this 
All it takes is just a little heart and courage on your part ... Well, this was a random purchase on my part, so I thought I was prepared for 
Old skool kunk fu. This flick is definately amount the top best performance,,Sammo Hung,,,the most impressive monkey style kung fu ever!! The comedy was greatly choreographed,,,,,and interestingly enough it really 
Good documentary on the G.O.A.T. I just finished watching this piece on my all-time favorite rapper 2Pac. It s probably the best documentary I have ever seen except for the 
Charming Movie. See title; simply put, it s a charming film. Loved it - a very successful gift  
Charming and filled with fun and laughter. In a world filled with headlines on war and hate, you and your family will enjoy these timeless classics that enthralls people of 
A highly original Western comedy... A 1990 s Western comedy featuring Mel Gibson, Maverick was a breath of fresh air when first appeared in theaters. The film doesn t take 
Wonderful!!. I decided to purchased both part 1 and part 2 for my 2 year old who totally loves tractors and am I ever so glad that I did!! He 
The second half of the Complete Collection . While this does say it is the complete collection, it is only the second half of it. There is an actual Wolf 
ABsolutely amazing!!. This is the only ab workout I have ever done, and believe me, I have done alot, where I have actually seen results. The floor excercises are intermediate 
Eat...Drink...Man...Woman... Folks, I have skipped this movie every time that I ran into it on cable, simply due to the fact that I missed the very beginning. I just don 
Warm and lovely Ms. Hope bossa nova = sublime. Love this from start to finish. Smart, warm, and sublime. Bossa nova is utilized perfectly as Hope Davis who has never 
An overlooked gem from Merchant Ivory. This is an early entry from the Merchant Ivory team, and one which was unjustifiably dismissed on its initial release.It s a creative, well 
The Shadow Riders. I truly enjoyed this Louis Lamour film. I love westerns and was a big fan of John Wayne. I see Tom Selleck as the closest actor to 
Changes in cultural standards. This was a beautiful film, well-done. It was interesting in that it was set in New Zealand in a culture that I knew nothing about. The 
&quot;Hoss&quot; The Legend. The video speaks for itself. Watch the live performance from 1978 in Nashville. Ol Waylon shows why he was the &quot;outlaw&quot; and makes you realize that he 
cut version, btu still good if you don t have all region player, though why you wouldn t get one I don t know. I wish I could answer that 
Awesome!!!!. My 3 and half year old daughter and 18 month old son LOVE this DVD. Plus, being of the early Sesame Street generation, it is fun to hear some 
Very Moving ,and Great acting!. I just saw this on DVD,after never catching it on television. I thought it was a very touching film,and was very pleased with the quality 
not a great film but i do like it. this is the story of jake graffton a intruder pilot in the nam and how after his co-pilots death he questions 
The Effects of Ignorance. Errol Morris, via The Fog of War, proved that he is one of the most talented documentary filmmakers of our day. This film directly proceeded the 
Bizarre & Brilliant - Not Your Typical Anime. I was really surprised by how much I loved Geneon s requiem from the Darkness. The short 13 episode anime series really 
dvd=Director s. It was a great DVD but he has done much more since then that I hope it is remade for the present  
Great set... This is a great set of shows. The disclaimer is great, saying that it s not a representation of all gay people, however most gay men and women 
Iconic Horror Film. It probably won t terrify you as some other horror films like The Exorcist or Ringu will, but Suspiria is definitely an iconic film that all horror 
Saturated colorful fury... In Dreams is an extremely surreal movie shot in beautiful colors and unforgettable imagery. Quite shocking and violent, the scenes will stay with you for days after 
The long road. It is great to see Dylan put into perspective of the folk movement that occurred in the late 50 s and early 60 s that includes so 
Worth the cost. I installed this game and got it running quite smoothy a few weeks ago, and I was quite surprised. Firstly, it doesn t even require the original 
As advertised. Everyone who is a football fan talks about this movie and with every right. The movie, albeit an older classic, is definitely a CLASSIC!!  
Hilarious Movie. I love 9 to 5. It is truly a classic. The pairing of Jane Fonda, Lilly Tomlin, and Dolly Parton is genius. This movie keeps me laughing the 
Leon~The director s cut of The Professional answers questions and comes clean about Mathilda and Leon... The original version of Luc Besson s first American film was blazing with firefight 
Blind Fury - Eye Opening Sleeper Hit!. Rutger Hauer did a superb job in all areas of the movie, and I applaud him for his acting efforts in this film, 
Truly Wonderful!. One of the finest movies I have ever seen! It must have beenso hard to make! Dudley Moore MAKES it!!  
Burn It with the Banchee Woman!. I recently bought The Step wich came with Cathe Frederick s Basic Step. After mastering that, I felt I should move on to a 
INTO THE WEST. This is a DVD I have purcharsed before and it was a hit with my son and grandson so I bought them there own copy. Service and 
TZ as zeitgeist of the times. As others have already commented on the technical features of the set and the individual episodes, I just wanted to make a few comments 
Devil s Arithmetic. The movie Devil s Arithmetic is really a great movie. It s really great for the whole family. Teachers - this movie does not have violence, it 
The Intricacies of the Cultural Revolution in China. Sijie Dai s semi autobiographical novel BALZAC AND THE LITTLE CHINESE SEAMSTRESS is one of those little miracles of a film that 
Gotta Dance!. That s Entertainment is sort of a documentary for classic musicals. It is basically a bunch of clips from famous musicals like Singin in the Rain, Seven Brides 
Great Family Movie. 76 out of 100. The Neverending Story is a great fantasy movie that is wonderful for seven year olds, and seven year olds at heart. While at 
Charmed Fan. I love charmed so there will be no bad rating from me. I just can t wait to buy all of them  
worth every cent!!!. AWESOME!!!!no better Dolls film! get it NOW. see ny when it was still fun and exciting!!! see 14th street with the Academy of Music and Automat!!! see 
good musical. lot of good songs--enjoyed it very much--can t beat Liza singing Have Yourself a Merry Christmas  
Clifford is transformed. Clifford is transformed into a television series fom a book and they did a grand job at it. I love Clifford s Birthday I watch that all 
Review of A Christmas Carol . We viewed the video, A Christmas Carol and the video is of fine quality  
This movie was creative and enjoyable. An amazing movie!!!. I like the idea of them bringing dinosaurs back to life. If I could bring dinosaurs back to life, I would 
John Wayne again!. One of the good John Wayne Maureen O Hara movies. Any of their fans will like this one  
one of the best movies of recent times. This great raw movie introduced the world to a major new talent - the director innarutu... His unmistakeable style is felt frame 
Fun 007 Spoof!. This is not one the best stories you will ever find in a Chan movie but it has some of the best and funniest moments i have 
War Propaganda. Excellent job by Hichcock to meet government s requirement for a war propaganda film. The story line goes way beyond you enemy - me kill  
WOW THIS DVD IS REAL GOOD!. I just recieved my copy today and i already watched this DVD 4 times. Its for anyone that loves REAL hip hop music. This 
A delightful history of old Hollywood. Dan Sonney and Dave Friedman were, in their own way, as much pioneers of our film industry as were Griffith and de Mille, and 
Instant DVD collection. Over the course of three years, Warners has risen to the top of big studios when it comes to their treatment of vault titles. It seems like 
SUPERB LOOK AT THE EMPTINESS AND MADNESS OF STOLEN LOVE. Written by playwright Noel Coward, directed by David Lean, starring Celia Johnson and Trevor Howard, and set to the impassioned 
Great Husband Wife film!. This is a great movie that both my husband and i can watch together!enough said  
john wayne gives the marines air support. typical world war two aviation yarn starring the duke as the tough as nails squadron commander. good supporting cast. a plus for the 
A touching Comedy. I can honestly say that this is my favorite comedy. It has high levels of laughter and some extreme touching moments. Just Friends will make you laugh 
James Hansen, You missed the whole point of the movie!. James, you wrote: Ben is weak, immature, a stalker, lazy, has bad taste in women and at 21 is unable 
 Looks like its going to be one of those days Jerry . Three O clock High is one of the best 80 s teen films there was. Unfortunately, it 
What a wonderful documentary!!!. This film is a must-see for any dancer. The clips used to showcase different types of dancing in film are creatively woven together and the commentary 
Real life. I bought this because of Liv Tyler and Jennifer Connelly, and ended up liking the movie more than I thought I would  
This may not be sparkling original, but it s well executed. There are many movies about sports, some very good, some really bad and this one falls into the very 
white and black argument. Okay the film is well made because it attacks the interracial argument from many perspectives. Black Men, Black Woman, White Woman, White Man. The only thing 
Magic of the Rainbow. My girls loved this dvd, and some of their friends also enjoyed it. I would recommend this to anyone with girls who love barbie in general 
Excellent movie. I have to admit that I cried like a baby at the end of this movie. This was probably one of the most amazing movies I have ever 
You Da Man, Stan!. Try to do the impossible and ignore efluvia like Flea, et al - and politically incorrect as it must seem to say this, Stevie Wonder s 
 you don t asign him,you turn him lose . i like clint eastwood just like i like john wayne. two sides of the same coin i guess.this is a 
Nourishing The Celtic Roots In All Of Us. `Celtic Roots Festival, Vol. 3 is the third of three DVD s containing engaging live performances by marvelously gifted Celtic musicians and 
Loved this movie!. You ll either love it or hate it! I saw it in theaters with a friend years ago and giggled and giggled. The laughs build throughout the 
You want boredom? Rent Gerry. . Some of the diaries of the German troops heading east to the attack on Russia seem to elicit not so much a fear of 
wow. i loved this movie it is great funny the animation war great great for every on  
Destined for Failure. Despite many of the reviews, I think this is quite a nice piece. It is a sad love story based upon the first love of Ernest Hemmingway.Chris 
great summerslam. the hardcore was awesome.the tlc was awesome.the oter matches are ok.but its worth the mone  
Awsome anime. Some notes before i begin:I ve collected WHR in seperate DVDs, not the full collection, so im not sure what this particular set includes. However, i got the 
A Stunning and Memorable Movie. Set in Argentina during Rosas dictatorship, Camila, directed by Luisa Bemberg, manages to make forbidden love seem like the ultimate sacrifice. Bemberg is a master 
 I m not a human being. I walk in eternity. . Sometimes Doctor Who succeeds as a show by taking itself very seriously, as with the classic Genesis of 
Two myths meet within a century old anthropological myth. What a challenge ! To take two characters like Aliens and Predators to invent a new story that could make them 
Great Video. Great video and we especially loved the Rugrats episode. It was a great treat b c we did not know beforehand that it was on the video. It 
feel good movie. The acting was very good for the main cast and the movie while predictable was very enjoyable to watch. I would buy this on DVD. Some of 
Big. A fun movie for all ages! Tom Hanks is a thirteen year old boy that is small for his age and can t wait to grow up. At a 
A great movie. Freddy and Claire have many interesting scenes together. From being on a plane together, to falling in love in college, the comedy never ends. Freddie is the 
30 Years in the Making ... but Well Worth the Wait. With the acquisition of my first genuine employment, 1980 afforded me the opportunity to purchase a few items I 
A Stunning Murder Mystery!. Even though I only saw the First and Third parts of &quot;A Certain Justice&quot; it compelled me to watch with eager glance and pounding heart; I 
Incredibly Funny. Fans of Lange almost know what to expect - the lovable loser who smokes too much, drinks too much, and eats to much, but still has a smoking 
Astonishing Expressionist British silent. Other than the films of Hitchcock, there was little to distinguish the early British cinema until the films of Powell and Pressberger, but this gorgeous thriller 
CAREBEARS MOVIE. KEEPS MY DAUGHTER OCCUPIED FOR HOURS SHE JUST LOVES CAREBEARS AND I LIKE THAT I CAN PASS SOMETHING GOOD FROM MY GENERATION ON TO HE  
Wow!. Charlton Heston is a handsome, troubled man who has his brother send him a mate. He has a beautiful home in the jungle and I guess is too busy 
Thank you for this movie. Let me start by saying two things: this is an outstanding movie ! However if you are having trouble with a cynical satire about smoking, 
Not for any one under 18-Great. If your under 18 I dont want you to watch it. Because it is only for 18 year olds to watch. There are a 
Better than Blade Runner. Lets keep this short. I m not writing a novel, just giving my opinion. First off, this movie was very enjoyable. Keeping you on the edge 
The living dead man!. A highly effective morality thriller during which a boring man, with a boring job, living in a boring little town, learns that excitement comes at a 
Unmissable. There s nothing I can add in my review about the plot or story of In the Mood for Love that hasn t already been covered, so I will 
The Pythons still got it!. I was very pleased to view this documentary and other various programs on this 2 disc set. First off it includes BRAND NEW sketches with 
Masterpiece into Masterpiece. Harper Lee s classic novel on acceptance and intolerance was beautifully transformed into a classic film with a performance that placed Gregory Peck permanently in the film 
The classic coming-of age-in-the-60 s flick. Great tunes, but mediocre video quality-but who cares? A classic  
Murphy s Romance - Great Movie - Great Actors. I enjoyed this movie when it first came out, and I am very happy to be able to get it on 
Enjoyed this one!. This was a great DVD but I totally enjoy his other later 2 DVD s better. This just lacked some of the dynamics that his later work 
Suddenly, my favorite. This is the most complex movie rendering of Carroll s classic, and one of the stranger ones. It s a 1966 BBC production in black and white, 
The Jungle Book. A true delight for the whole family. Sabu is a remarkable talent for his age and the overall quality of the film including excellent colour quality & 
Great Film For Great Music. This dvd is awesome! My favorite thing most of all about the Directions dvd is that there is large variety of filming styles for each 
Diamonds are forever!!. I ordered this package because of Captain Hornblower and The Three Musketeers, two films that have really marked my childhood memories. I haven t had the chance 
A Classic!!!. This movie is one of the best movie out there.Patrick and Jennifer made these characters seem real.The last dance that they did is undescribable.  
ha ha ha. We have all the available seasons, and they re great and funny. Buy them all  
Good variety of brief workouts. The thing I like most about the Caribbean Workout series is that the segments are 20-25 minutes each. I hate to exercise, but I can 
Just Magnificent...unreal. Not a question...this is simply the greatest film director of this age. This is one of his very finest films to date 2007 . What he does is 
How many ways can you say funny?. I don t care what you think of Paris & Nicole...when you take them out of their element and place them on a 
Little seen drama with wonderful pace , acting and plot. If you like a good drama , then you will enjoy this .I m extremely glad to see an actor 
WILL POWER. I like will smith films i think they are gerat.I like the bit when deans dog spray painted.porshie the dog is funny .  
Walk on the Moon. Wonderful movie. Just like it was in the 60 d when everyone kind of went crazy. I think she should have gone with Walker  
Just ok.... No, totally not a porn video. You won t see the man s pubic area. It is just a video that gives you ideas if you are bored 
Easy to see why Jayne s daughter is an Emmy winner. Ignore the glitz, Jayne Mansfield like Marilyn Monroe beneath the hype is a great actress. Fun to watch. And 
Well done. John Goodman s role is so realistic that I thought I was seeing the Babe many times! He is outstanding in his role as Babe Ruth. Hollywoood liberties, 
A fun romp with a cartoon from my childhood. The cartoon: This is the first season from the syndicated cartoon that ran from around 1985 to 1988, and then was 
whimsical little comedy. This can sometimes be found in ntsc dvd format on ebay. Themovie in which Hugh Griffith steals many of the scenes isabout how some of the people 
Striking Film. Kanal focuses on a small group of Polish resistance fighters during the Warsaw uprising of 1944. Intended to last for a few days and to enable the Soviet 
Oh, those randy Mexicans!. A translation of the title of this movie into English would yield something like And Your Mother Too, which would echo a phrase often used in 
Finally it is on DVD. This is a great classic John Wayne movie. I am very happy it is on DVD no  
Forceful film and message. It s hard for me to see things in life in anything other than a red state vs. blue state way also of course, pro vs. 
 We don t burn books in this country. . Horns and Halos is a fascinating story behind a book that became so controversial, its publisher, St Martin s Press 
Great cast=Great movie!. I was bored one night so I flipped on HBO and found out this movie was on. So I watched it and now I have up in 
Great songs, audio & video quality great, but... Ok, what you get is, 2 seperate, great performances: 1 with band, 1 with Weller on acoustic quitar. Great songs, great audio 
thanks for the fast forward button. I have yet to see a good movie musical. They have the most abysmal stories. I would rather they just show 90min. of the 
A Time to Kill. One of the best movies I ve seen. Everybody does a great job in portraying this sensitive material in a very real and gutsy way. I 
I was in this movie and attended the NY premiere; it s GOOD! And cute!. I was an extra in this movie MUSIC AND LYRICS , and we filmed it 
Sad and almost true... This film was so close to being awesome and yet I didn t quite like the ending as much as I could have. What I don 
hilarious. I was not sure I would like this one. Modern TV series have not been all to my taste recently. However this story of a small-time criminal who discovers 
 unique Baywatch episode... I used to have a lot of Baywatch s from tv taped on some videos but this is the only one i have now,and it s 
I don t often review stuff... But I felt I really wanted to for this collection. I, like several other people apparently had previously bought seasons 1 through 10 as 
FUNNY DVD. GREAT COMEDY. I SAW THIS ON TV AND HAD TO BUY IT. YOU CAN BUY HIS OTHER DVD IN STORES NOW FOR ONLY 5!  
Unexpected Gem. This turned out to have been written by the author who wrote The Graduate. It is a funny movie and Colin Firth is great as always, Heather Graham 
Jackie Chan in all his glory. While the dubbing may be a little annoying, I still love this movie. The fight scenes are great and the movie is pretty funny 
Fools rush in. DVD newcomer Fort Apache 1948 looks great, with minimal wear on its crisp black-and-white images from original nitrate elements and bugle-brisk audio. The film, ironically, finds Henry 
a true classic in every way.... This is a classic flick in every way! It has some not so great acting, and a little cheesyness here & there, but all 
Amazing. I just ordered this on dvd, my video version of this has been around for years and is getting worn out. Rose McGowan does a great job in this 
Great Memories. I of course watched this stuff as a kid and it brings back memories to watch it now  
monk land. it was very entertaining. i watched each show twice! it makesme want to buy season 2  
HOOYAH! THIS IS THE MOTHER LODE. Freddie Francis, Terence Fisher, Phil Leaky and all the crew! What more could you possibly want? Are you a Hammer Fan? Get this video, 
Beautiful in its Sweetness. This is a film that makes one have hope for humanity. It tells the story of a boy and his mother in Scotland. Frankie is constantly 
This Movie is About Something. I bought this movie for my mother. She used to have this album & would play it when I was younger. So I thought this 
fantastic pilates mix!. this is the third mtv fitness dvd i have purchased and is by far my favorite. the power yoga is really hard and one of my favorite 
Beavis and Butthead ...what more can I say?. Beavis & Butthead are one if not the greatest thing to happen to your lives. Even though people are whineing that the 
Reading the Compass. The Medium instantly became my favorite show on television in 2005. I usually am fascinated by shows with elements of the paranormal, which tuned me in. However, 
Entertaining gay themed detective story. After seeing years upon years of detective shows, like The Thin Man , Peter Gun , Burke s Law , Columbo or CSI , it 
Sometimes, the truth and the reason are not in the same table!. Many people tend to forget this memorable performance of Streep, who made, to my mind, her fourth best 
Bad Moon. If you re expecting to grab onto the edge of your seat, this won t be it for the jaded horror enthusiasts, but for the upper-tier novices, it 
Insanely violent prequel to Pulp Fiction . Spawned from the bizarre mind of Quentin Tarantino True Romance continues his line of ultra violent, outlandish movies starting with Resevoir Dogs .Christian 
A solid noir, thanks to Otto Preminger s direction and Joseph LaShelle s cinematography. There s a hole as big as Carlsbad Caverns right in the middle of the plot. 
Puzzel pieces placed: Howard Zinn- a very important person. I first became aware of Howard Zinn when a client left a copy of his A People s History of the 
An Excellent Political Thriller From John Frankenheimer. President Jordan Lyman: All right, Colonel. Let s sum it up, shall we? You re suggesting what?Colonel Martin Jiggs Casey: I m not 
Must See For Carey Fans. This is Carey at his best. This movie is hilarious and the special features are awesome  
13 Going on 30. It is a fun movie -- I saw it in the theatre and really loved the scene when they dance to Thriller -- I enjoy watching 
Excellent HD Picture quality-Great Movie!. I owned this movie in full screen on VHS. The quality of the transfer of Apollo 13 with the wide screen and the incredible clearity 
Ode To Ric Flair, Great Celebrity, Great DVD Set. The living legend Ric Flair is represented very well here on 3 DVD s that highlight his career from AWA to 
Daniel Knauf - PLEASE write a book or screenplay to finish the story!. Everyone - do yourselves a favor and immediately purchase Seasons 1 and 2 of Carnivale. This is 
An Excellent Tribute. Many people are scared away by foreign films, myself included. Often they come off as art for the sake of art, but not in a positive way 
Authentic Pilates. It is a pleasure performing these authentic pilates movements with Catherine as my guide.It is very soothing to listen to her as she guides your breathing and movement 
GOOD!. I must say that this is one of those good films that you can really appreciate when you re in the right frame of mind.The story is interesting...a ex-nazi 
Really Good DVD. I don t normally take the time to write reviews, but this dvd deserves it! My nine year old taught herself to knit from this dvd without 
Fantastic. I have always liked Murder She Wrote with Anglia Lansbury. So I have enjoyed these DVD s. Down the line I will get some more of them  
Very Entertaining. Nicely done! The Chieftans: Down the Old Plank Road - The Nashville Sessions has just the right mix of &quot;guests&quot; and provides an entertaining concert. A smattering of 
I LOVE this movie!. There isn t much to say about it except that it is all around great. Kiefer Sutherland plays a hard cop who has to begin to 
 ha ha ha, you didn t say the magic word, ha ha ha... . I read the book in middle school and watched the movie shortly afterwards. A few 
Spocks World. Hundreds of diplomats are aboard the Enterprise enroute to a secret location called Babel. Sarek and Amanda arrive by shuttle and receive an ambassador greeting by all the 
Riding Behind Enemy Lines. Undoubtedly John Ford is one of the greatest film directors of all times. He had a special knack to imprint a galloping rhythm to his movies, 
Purchase-Worthy Rockyesque, Coming-of-Age, Commedic Drama... SAINT RALPH is the perfect movie to have on hand for entertaining houseguests or cheering someone up, since most folks haven t already seen it, 
Pure Comic Gold!!!. All you haters out there need to go back to your Red Neck Round-Up & Blue Collar Comedy cause this stuff is gonna go way over your 
ZOMBIES INVADE THE UK!!!. I admit, I am a johnny-come-lately to drag out a very old expression in the whole zombie phenom, and I hope the ignorance of my comments 
Fun filled and light hearted. Bend It Like Beckham was a very enjoyable movie to watch. It was inspirational and heart-warming for young girls with a dream in showing that 
Masterpiece of the 80 s!. This is one of my favorite 80 s movie! Not only does it have the two infamous Coreys but the plot keeps me intrigued still 
Rise and Fall of Death Row. While I already knew quite a lot about Death Row records before buying this, I was interested in watching this documentary after reading good 
A RIVETING PERFORMANCE BY TOM HANKS... Russell Crowe is, without a doubt, very good in Gladiator , but Tom Hanks in Cast Away is superb. It is in this film, 
Classic Crawford with fabulous special features. This boxed set is a must for any true Crawford fan. Aside from the obvious merit of the films chosen for inclusion in this 
Another Great Psychological Western With Robert Mitchum. Robert Mitchum helped to introduce the psychological western in the landmark film Pursued. In Track of the Cat, he continued to chart new 
Shadow Government s Greatest Hits. Get this, 9 11:Press for Truth and Aaron Russo s Freedom to Fascism and you ll have the three most informative documentaries of the year. 
&#1055;&#1088;&#1086;&#1089;&#1084;&#1086;&#1090;&#1088;&#1077;&#1085;&#1080;&#1077; K-19. For those who don t know russian the title of this was &#1055;&#1088;&#1086;&#1089;&#1084;&#1086;&#1090;&#1088;&#1077;&#1085;&#1080;&#1077; K-19 - Review of K-19, thought I d be funny there This movie is not 
Parker Stevenson?. You would think the person reviewing the Simon & Simon DVD would get the names of the stars correct. It was Jameson Parker who played A.J., not Parker 
OUTSTANDING!!!!!!!!!. I sat down to watch this with not much in the way of expectations and was I ever surprised!!!!!! No slow spots, beautiful filming and outrageously wonderful music along 
Hilarious Film!. I have been waiting for this DVD to come out for a very long time! It is a hilarious movie based on a true story about the creation 
Romance, action, laughs and Egypt. What more can you want?. Call me crazy most do, anyway , but I absolutely adore this series. The first is your classic adventure flick, 
It sure is more than just a romantic comedy . Well, the movie s plot aside, the sheer performance quality of Hugh Grant and Drew Barrymore would be enough to 
A Wonderful and Unique Love story. I saw this movie at a small girls camp. Of course, we all fell deeply in love with Ray by the end of the 
Great Performance. This is a wonderfully talented group. And a very enjoyable show to watch. The only reason I gave it four instead of five stars is because I went 
my view. I thought it was a very good movie, kept me guessing at times. I didn t have to guess about Rebecca DeMornay and her sex scenes. I thought 
Jamaica. This is a good movie 7 10 included in the 1000 Best Movies on DVD by Peter Travers. It is an old movie, from 1973, shot in Jamaica with 
Quality and sound are superb. The quality of the picture and sound were excellent. It was almost like being there or like seeing it for thefirst time. I am in 
Always an excellent choice. If you miss good cartoons, try this series. You won t be disappointed.The third season branches out to give Batman s sidekicks a little more screen 
Classic Romance. This is a classic romance story, along the same lines as Dr. Zhivago. Basically, you have two people who are in love. But circumstances and events that are 
Run-of-the-mill film-noir production. Humphrey Bogart in a fairly routine film-noir murder mystery set on the Gulf Coast. Bogey s army buddy, about to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor, suddenly 
Entertaining Southern Soap Opera. This is a very entertaining melodrama. Paul Newman is incredibly handsome as a charismatic drifter and Joanne Woodward is perfect as a repressed yet spunky schoolteacher. 
Very enjoyable!. This brought back old memories from days when they used to have good Christmas specials on TV. I enjoyed it very much - the quality is good and 
Great romantic comedy. She s All That is a very funny movie. It stars Freddie prince Jr. and Rachel Leigh Cook. They are comic geniuses. The story is about a 
Bleak, harrowing, depressing, tragic.... dignifying nonetheless. Andrzej Wajda s Kanal is a true cinematographic masterpiece both in substance and in form.In substance, for it tells the truth of the Warsaw 
I love this film. Definitely one of the best from David DeCoteau. From the beginning I knew I would enjoy this film. Opening credits are nice with each actor featured 
10 STARS Worth!. Females arise and take heed to Shirley! I keep passing my tape around, I m so glad its coming out on DVD  
Excellent, Fun Feel good movie.. Terrific music too. This is a Excellent Movie with terrific music. Disney got Phil Collins to do the music for this one too. Tarzan and 
Great. The DVD was delivered quickly, and in great condition. I have watched it several times, and it has worked perfect everytime  
Best Movie Of 1980!. Hands down a comedy classic. The star power in this movie is ridiculous. They take over the movie in ther own fashion, and you not only 
Good, but some weak points... This DVD in my opinion was pretty good in the sense that it portrays Che Guevara as the man who he really was but I 
One of the First and still best television docu-dramas!. In the fall of 1974 I gathered with others at a friends house with the intention of going out for the 
May not be perfect, but my [...] is finally learning to talk. I agree with most of the other reviewers regarding MOM OF MANY MUNCHKINS review. She was way too 
Great Sequel. Nicholson is as cool as ever in this sequel to Chinatown. Great film noir style  
Nuts 1987 . Barbra Streisand has been one of the most talented female singers in this world, with releasing a slew of successful albums. It wasn t until 1968, when 
Samurai Champloo & Kung Faux are good to go!. Homo-sez-wut? - Not this ...I will buy every dvd that ever comes out from Samurai Champloo or Kung Faux because these 
 Rich and Creamy... Just how I like it! . Before LOTR and King Kong, Peter Jackson was making big independent splatter films such as Bad Taste and Meet The 
BA D BOYS. A TRUE MOVIE OF PRISON LIFE!!!!!NOTHING FAKE ABOUT SURVIVAL BEHIND THE WALLS OF INCARCMENT...UNLIKE MANY PRISON MOVIES THIS ONE TELLS ALL AND SHOWS ALL...GREAT MOVIE TO SHOW 
Classic Movie, Recieved in a Timely Fashion. It was exactly what I wanted, and it arrived quickly  
Cute. It s not spectacular and there are better Disney movies that deal with the same issues yet resulting in some more laughs BUT this film is not to be 
One word: Amazing. I was beyond stoked when I found that Broken Saints had come to DVD. One can go on and on about the amount of work that has 
The good guy wins!. Holiday Inn was a good movie because Fred Astaire doesn t get the girl! Bing Crosby excells at being a nice guy and almost loses the 
Foul Play - still loads of fun. The film Foul Play with Goldie Hawn and Chevy Chase from the 70s are still loads of fun , and still grips you 
The Ultimate Scarface FINALLY . This movie is excellent. Based on the subject matter which is of a violent nature it s certainly not for everyone, but I certainly believe 
I liked it almost as much as the First and third. 4 1 2 star. This was another good movie. I rented it with part one. There is no Porky 
Can t watch it enough!. I don t know why, but I love this movie. It s very very entertaining, which is the reason I watch movies. Lots of suspense, 
Perfection. This DVD is obviously homoerotic, tasteful, artistic, and reveals the comfort level these men have regarding their sexuality and nudity. This comes recommended for anyone who is interested in 
Oedipus. I first watched this movie in a class. A professor showed this movie and talked about Oedipus complex. I am not sure about this concept in it but sure 
Patrk71. We enjoy listiening and watching this DVD on our HDTV. We play this when have friends over with the volume low and find them humming or singing along  
Get ready to bust a gut... What more can a fan boy do when you include David Bowie and Iggy Pop into an already amazing series. If it wasn t 
Amazing Hula epic. I don t need to tell more about the story from Pelehonuamea, Hi iakaikapoliopele and Lohi au. If you want an imagination what traditional Kahiko Hula can 
Dark Thriller and Character Study from New German Cinema. The American Friend was the first cinematic adaptation of Patricia Highsmith s novel Ripley s Game , the third book in 
Great French Flick. There are two kinds of french films, poignent ones and wacky ones. This one is the former. It s sweet, with goodn dialogue and excellent acting by 
Terrific Commentary - a keeper. This is a terrific movie with a terrific director s commentary on DVD. Excellent cast, including John Houseman s first acting gig.I m not sure 
OUTLANDER,this is slashing horror. When I saw this movie I was blown away.It was sad that ALL the adults died,but the weirdest thing is that the signs to gatlin are 
Great for beginners out of shape people like me!. This is a great into. to exercise if you re out of shape. If you re in shape go for the 
Better than I remembered. I ve been recently purchasing a number of the shows I enjoyed when I was younger. Some of them are not as enjoyable as I remembered 
Looks amazing in high-def!. I love this movie, and watching it on Blu-ray on my new Sony 1080p TV was phenomenal! The scene with the needles made me cringe, had 
Great Movie, but they do not mention this is a sequel. I am lucky I saw the first movie in this series or it would not have been as funny 
A love story that doesn t get old. I just want to start by saying that I LOVE this movie!It s the story of a regular bloke Hugh Grant who 
Mark Twain lives in Hal Holbrook. In 1967 when Hal Holbrook portrayed Mark Twain in the CBS TV special, Mark Twain Tonight I thought Samuel Clemens death had again been 
Great Ab If your just getting started. All firm videos are great.. This Ab sculpt is no different. IF you have been working out for a while it may seem 
EXCELENTE. Una maravilla para disfrutar con amigos en una reunion y recordar momentos especiales, gran imagen y excelente calidad de sonido, el concierto es muy reciente  
A classic film about fear. The Tingler 1959 - 82 minutes - B&W , is a classic of horror andscience fiction produced and directed by the remarkable master WilliamCastle, who 
Stunning Remaster of Beautiful Films. I just received this box set and popped three of the titles in to see how they looked. I was astounded at the beautiful color 
Voodoo Academy. Voodoo Academy is a fun movie. It dosent take itself serioussly and its very funny. A boy named Christopher Sawyer enrolls in a bible college and the head 
radio fictions. You can pick this video up, new, for about two bucks. Its like getting a novel for a dime and thats fitting since this is a film set 
AWESOME. GREAT LAST SEASON OF ANGEL!!! WE SEE SOME CHARACTERS GO AND NEW CHARACTERS APPEAR!!!! GREAT FIGHTING SCENES!! GREAT EPISODES!!!THE FIGHT CONTINUES...... SHOULD BE A SEASON 6!!!!!!  
Fun for those crazy kids. Wow. When this first came out, I thought it was the funniest thing since the Marx Brothers. I saw it again a few weeks ago, 
love this movie!. I love this movie! The classic romance, the modern-day dilemmas, great quotes like It s the dead guy!! And, of course, all the flying scenes! Mel Gibson, 
Walk away the pounds for abs. I enjoyed the pace of the exercise and never felt bored with the exercise after doing it for a week  
So Tempting The Demon. Ugetsu was not as haunting as I had expected. This film is similar to the Japanese cultural time when civil war was abound and a general 
Sam Elliot at his usual. My interest in Tihlman arises from his connection with Louis L Amour. He is supposed to have taught the young Louis and his elder brother 
La bellisima Signora Wardh. A number of years ago, I joined with some film buff co-workers to put together a list of the most beautiful women to have ever graced 
An all-around well-done movie!. This review is for the Warner Brothers DVD released in 2005.The setting is during the Depression in New Orleans, mostly in the French Quarter. Eric Stoner 
A remarkably believable and touching film!. Terms of Endearment captivates me with the believable relationship of mother and daughter as brilliantly portrayed byShirley MacLaine and Debra Winger. It covers approximately 
Several great performances elevate this film over minor problems with the plot. This review is for the 2004 Warner Brothers DVD.The movie Stage Fright opens with Jonathan Cooper Richard Todd 
Interesting Character Study. I admit to liking films which develop interesting characters, which are both believable and make for a worthwhile story. You Can Count On Me fit the bill. 
One of my favorite shows. The second season of Law & Order: SVU differs from the first as not as much time is spent on the detective s families. Ice-T 
Grippingly Thought Provoking. Nick presents as honest a look at Lee, the person, as we ll ever see in media. He treats her with genuine concern, and she reponds with 
Original Poetic. This is not a film for everyone! I would call it director s film. Original, complex, mind challanging and cinematographically beautiful  
Cool Stuff!. Bit the bullet and went ahead and got this. I d already seen Advent Children but didn t own it. I m glad I got this because it 
Classic performance, surprisingly good audio. The Jazz Icons series does a great service by preserving for us an important part of American musical heritage. I ve been a Basie fan 
THIS VERSION IS VERY CLOSE TO ORIGINAL BOOK. LON CHANEY WAS AN EXCELLENT PHANTOM AND MARY PHILBIN HAD THE CHRISTINE FEEL OF STRENGTH AND COURAGE. I HEARD THE ORIGINAL ENDING 
Underrated and Overlooked. I honestly have to say that this movie gets better every time I watch it. Is the plot unrealistic? Sure. Are the characters over the top? Absolutely. 
WOAH WAH WEE WAH.....I LIKE!!!!. I show new film at my uncle Dubat s house and my young cousin dance for us. Before she no like bang bang, but after 
The Facts of 9 11 Propaganda only to Enemies of Good. Of all the many many documentaries recounting the despicable acts of mass murder committed in the name of Allah 
the 1st movie in the sega. this movie is based on the book with the same tittle and its a remake of the movie manhunter which i might add the 
Great demonstration. How can an IMAX presentation in HDTV 5.1 sound be ? Just great.And when its about sea, sun, dolphins, narrated by the warm voice of P.B. and sung 
Not as good as US but Very Close. It seems Americans enjoy the US version more and Brits to British.The US has more depth and hilariousness but the British version 
Classic, but only amongst sub movies. This show depicts JW being handed what he least wants, to be left ashore during wartime to solve a technical problem with torpedos -- 
Ocean s Eleven. One s attention is immediately drawn to this movie for its many famous stars such as George Clooney, Matt Damon, Brad Pitt, and Julia Roberts. It is 
Excellent workout. This is a great work out! You can really work up a sweat and it s low impact on the knees  
Great material for kids. My son likes it so much, I think it is a great stuf  
Invitation to a Gunfighter. Yul Brynner will always be remembered for his great parts. However, this particular movie he plays exceptionally well portraying the greed and pathetic apathy of how 
buddy. great kids movies. i d recomend it to anyone with kids. it shows selflessness, love and compasion  
World s Finest. If you re a Superman fan you must own this. Great animated series although not quite to the standards of the Batman series. This volume does contain 
A Must Have For Pantera Fans. This DVD f ing rules! I agree this is best to watch when you re getting ready for a long night of heavy drinking. 
Alice in--British Production. A work of art...Carol Marsh was Beautiful and talented. Brings back fond memories.....I was in the seventh grade when I saw it in the theater..  
A high point in early British cinema. This film is an outstanding item among Alexander Korda s almost single-handed efforts beginning in the 1930s to transform British cinema from an 
i wanna get sumthin clear. ok so everyone is saying in Tommy Dreamer s match with Brian Lee that at the end of the match he get choked slammed through 
House Of Wax. Thanks to Amazon, I have been reunited with an old favorite. I am a newcomer to ordering on line and Amazon is great. The quality of the 
House Calls. Delightful romantic comedy benefits from a top-notch script by Max Shulman and Julius Epstein-co-writer of Casablanca ! , and the unexpected chemistry between lovable schlump Matthau and starchy 
Edited Version of Series. I have been a fan of Are Your Being Served for years, and jumped at the chance to get the dvds when I saw them available. 
When things go wrong and one is in harm s way. This is a chilly saga of an American sub captain plagued by failure-prone weapons and an ocean full of 
A rare suspense film of subtlety and depth. The Deep End is one of my top ten favourite films of 2001. This moody, suspenseful and very intelligent suspense drama about 
Go For the Gold . I loved the wonderful productions and awesome talent in Lord of the Dance and Feet of Flames. These shows and Gold contain some of the 
Consuming. Exact acting made the the character of woman being portrayed as strong and can take care of her self. The scene with the woman in the window, then being 
A movie worth watching!. Definitely a great romantic comedy, Mickey Blue Eyes, brings to the screen the story of an Englishman working at an auction house in NYC who proposes 
DBZ-Vol.7:Destruction. DBZ has been called the greastest action cartoon of all time. I must agree. The movies consist of the adventures of Goku and his friends as they try to 
great acting from a pretty boy. a wonderful job from Mr Power. First impression make mewant more of his films. Blondell also very unusua  
Memento Limited Edition DVD. This is a great DVD for all collections even if the movie stank which it did not. The package is worth the coin.  
Great DVD. My 2 year old loves Clifford and this DVD is adorable. It is a long DVD which is great for a long car ride. I recommend it  
Halarious. National Lampoon s Loaded Weapon 1 is one of the funniest movies ever made. I watched last night for the first time in years and i still laughed out 
Essential Blur. This DVD was released in 2000 to coincide with the release of Blur s best-of compilation. This DVD includes all of their videos from 1991-1999. While there are 
Jumpin Jack Flash. If you love Whoopi Goldberg and I do, you will love this movie  
Bresson s return to greatness. L argent is not only the last film of Robert Bresson, it is also one of his greatest achievements. Especially when compared to some of 
Surface Charm Masks a Cold Heart. I first saw this movie in the sixties, when its expose of Rome s decadent jet set still had some shock value. Four decades 
The Joshua Tour Movie. While the album contains some tracks that are not present in this movie which document to capture the moment of the making of an album as 
Vastly superior to its pathetic predecessor. Steven Speilberg actually made a good monster animal attack movie for once.On another note, Nick, a character who appears in this movie, was the 
LINDA DARNELL AND A GREAT SCRIPT !. The CRISP dialogue and UNBELIEVEABLE performance of LINDA DARNELL makes A LETTER TO THREE WIVES a must-see motion picture.LINDAS scenes,with film boyfriend\husband , 
Classic Laughs!. Great Praice for 10 classics and lots of laughs! If you are a Jerry fan, you will really enjoy these movies! especally Family Jewels , Priceless!  
 God Bless And The Devil Too . The rain beats down on a dark, dreary Greek harbor town as a young, well educated English writer Alan Bates climbs about 
Watching since the 1980.s. I have been watching this series since the 1980 s when I first was able to get PBS. I have been watching ever since and have 
Acceptable but not great. A somewhat unfortunate showing less than we would expect from Charlton Heston. The picture quality is not great and the acting could be much better considering 
Imagination Triumphant. Fanny and Alexander is a feast of a film, bursting with characters, ideas and emotions. In it, Bergman celebrates sensation, imagination and the power of illusion, pitting them 
Delightful. This is one of my all-time favourite movies. It is silly, romantic, cute and just fun to watch. Shirley McLaine was fantastic, as was Brendan Fraser. This is definitely 
Love him or hate him, this movie rocks. I ve been a Howard Stern fan for about 10 years, and now that he s on sirius he s the best 
The best live metal rock band ever!. I never liked Machine Head before I bought this DVD. It was a gift for my husband who loves them. Since watching this, 
The Quintessential Jazz Concert DVD. The concert starts out with Jack de Johnette coming out on stage and beginning the concert with a drum solo. Jack de Johnette is quite 
Teaching me softly. French pedagogy differs from American, so American viewers should not expect an American classroom with a French accent when they watch To Be and To Have Etre 
 Love this movie!. Many people would think I would be messed up in the head, but I saw this movie Black circle boys years ago. I wanted to own 
This is a great quickie . This is a great quickie video for when I only have 20 or 30 minutes to do a work-out. I have lots of longer 
AMAZING MOVIE!!!!. THIS MOVIE IS SO AMAZING! IT REALLY MADE ME APPRECIATE THE MEN AND WOMEN WHO SACRAFICE THEIR LIVES TO HELP THE COMMUNITY. THIS MOVIE WILL MAKE YOU LAUGH, 
the man who cryed. This was a great history movie, and in excelent condition at arrival, thank yo  
Black Dog is one of the best. When i watched Black Dog for the first time i thought is was one of the best movies i had ever seen. Now 
Cheap Trick Makes You Feel Good Down Under!. Cheap Trick is one of America s greatest contributions to pop culture. They ve never stopped touring or recording, and as great 
Two Great Stars. Stockard Channing and Julia Stiles are great together and theydo an excellent job in this film. It keeps you glued to thescreen. This is one of my 
Mediocre slasher flick held together by Jamie Lee Curtis. What could have been your average slasher flick with a particularly amateur cast, is held together by the wit, charm, and 
Master OF The Rare LASERDISCs Movies. I am MOLLY RINGWALD s Fan,I have two Laserdisc OF FOR KEEPS 1988 [ NEW ] And Used,I love it much thats why I 
I think it s great movie. Am i alone in thinking it s cool movie? Maybe not whole 5 stars, but still very nice, hilarious and relaxing. Very nice actors: 
Blue Max movie review. This is an excellent movie. Well produced, good music, good action, good scenery - all around excellent  
Your All Access Pass Into Hilary s Life!!. This DVD is a really good one, but I enjoyed The Girl Can Rock a bit better. Still, this DVD is a 
Criterion at it s best. One of the greatest Italian films, gets the Criterion treatment. Still an amazing piece of work by De Sica. Neo realism at it s purist. 
MASTERS OF THE UNIVERSE. EXCELLENT PRODUCT And VERY RELIABLE SALESMAN, SINCE IT GIVES IN TIME And IT FORM  
Excellent final season for Richard Thomas. With the exception of a few guest spots, this was Richard Thomas final season as John-Boy. Stand out episodes include:The Vigil - Mary Ellen 
Skull Smasher. Eye of the Killer is an excellent small movie. Kiefer Sutherland is police detective Mickey Hayden in a self-destructive mode since the breakup of his marriage. He chases 
Hideous!!!!!!!!. This story from Full Moon Pictures is about some little creatures who are made of, and are born in toxic waste. Killing starts and terror begins. Rated R for 
Raw and Uncut. This documentary by far is one of the best I ve ever seen. It gives you true footage of the harsh reality of life in the hood. 
A perfect time-saving workout. I am always looking to streamline my fitness workout and this DVD, I find, is absolutely the best in helping me not only stay fit, but 
A timeless love story. I saw this movie in the 1986 theatrical re-release and subsequently on DVD. I can readily attest that it does not age! I m not even 
John LeCarre, BBC at Their Best. Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, the 1979 British Broadcasting Company s 6-part television serial is, of course, based on the masterful novel, of the same 
PERFECT ROMANCE. the movie sends chills and hots all over you, and tears will not be surprising...the painter and the girl and bussave are entangled in a search for self-expression 
excellent choice. Im so glad I purchased this for my kids. They don t make these great cartoons anymore. My kids love i  
Easy viewing. I have been watching Bewitched when I am doing the ironing in the afternoons and have thoroughly enjoyed it. I first watched the series when livng in England, 
Great family viewing. Hart to Hart! Great family viewing, spectacular scenery, great relationships of the characters involved. Our family especially enjoys looking for the clues to solve the crimes. Everyone 
great comedy. I love the way the episodes come off like a cheesy 80 s comedy only to provide a surprising amount of disgusting and somewhat offensive humor. That s 
Quirky connecting. As I started watching this film, I was almost prepared to dismiss it as another indie film with little plot and cutsey, quirky characters. This one, however, grew 
Beautiful quality and we love Keanu!!. Ok so who cannot love this movie!?? Well a few, but we loved it and that may have to do with the fact that 
Truly Superb. I must say that this is without a shout of a doubt the funniest animated film EVER. South Park is the brain child of comedy geniuses Matt Stone 
Awesome!. Okay, so it s not Schindler s List, but if you like American Pie or Porky s, this is a funny movie with a lot of laughs  
Great for kids or adults. This movie was a cute movie for the whole family. I would suggest it to add to your holiday collection  
Alice in Woody-Land. I bought this film after seeing it many times over the years. It s a wonderful take on Alice in Wonderland, Woody Allen style. Fine acting, the 
Moving and inspiring, not matter what the final verdict was... I ve heard a lot good and a lot bad about this film. I don t think anyone can deny 
Karas - The Prophecy. One the best I have seen in a from manga sine Blood  
A Great Gospel Film. I heard about this version of the life of Christ, but had never seen it. It is a striking black and white telling of the Gospel 
Cronenberg s top notch film of King s novel gets even better with deluxe DVD, extras. First the important stuff out of the way. If you ve seen this movie 
good film. I hadn t seen this film in years&I was reminded of how well the acting&Direction was in this Project.Jeremy Irons was on point He truly made the film 
My 2yr old LOVES it!. I originally saw this series being aired on HBO. I recorded it on my cable box in my bedroom and would played it for my 
Nothing Brings A Family Together Like Death. The wonderful thing about cable TV is that it can get away with a lot more than primetime television. Most people know this 
Sharpe s Challenge. This DVD completes my Sharpe set. I have the paperbacks and dvds for the entire set. I also have joined the Sharpe s fan club in the 
It s funny precisely because it s so incredibly ridiculous. Gilligan s Island has often been an object of ridicule for both professional critics and self-annointed intellectuals alike, most of 
Worth watching over. Edmond O Brien has a reputation for being so cautious that some of the crew thinks that equates to chicken. James Garner Lt. Ken Braden is about 
Franois Truffaut -- Best director of all time. In every way, shape, and form of moviemaking, Truffaut is the best. Best French director, best director, PERIOD! I wish Criterion would 
Just Plain Funny. I am a science fiction fan and I like some horror movies. That s NOT why I like this film. If you want unrelenting gore and true 
Finally a solid feature film about snowboarding. In terms of story and content, this is probably the strongest film ever made about snowboarding. Gorgeous photography and a really solid storyboard 
I just want to tell everyone... When this movie came out and I saw it at the movietheater---You know the scene in the car where Tine finally gets enough and 
We could learn something from these Good Neighbors!. Viewing this delightful comedy more than three decades after its production, I detected immediately one aspect of its allure that would be 
Forgotten Talk Show Host. Dick Cavett was a popular talk show host in the 1970s. His name has faded away through the years, but looking back on this DVD collection, 
an astounding vision. This is an incredibly conceived animation. I m intirgued by how it has been dubbed into english, there are lots of blank spaces in the dialogue and 
A classic - fun from start to finish. This is one of my favorite movies and really proves what a versatile actor Johnny Depp is. You must understand that this 
Intensity. I saw this at the Theaters after having gone to the concert and it was amazing. Weed is everywhere, ladies are dying to get with every rap artist in 
I like this yoga video tape. I bought this tape about 9 months ago. I had been doing Yoga and Pilates for about 2 years using Denise Austin videos and 
One of The Most Important Movies You ll Ever See. Some 10-15 years from now, this movie, along with some others, such as TerrorStorm and Loose Change, will be considered 
Your Angel of Death Awaits: THE BATMAN Legend Reinterpreted. The animated Batman series of the `90s was an excellent series, and this movie makes for a great companion piece. Judging 
A Must Have For Party of Five Fans. If you loved Party of Five then, you ll love Part of Five now! Many hours of viewing here, with a couple 
Better than I expected!. `Calendar Girls is fresh and witty and quite funny. It s actually much better than I was expecting it to be. I absolutely love Helen Mirren 
Incredibly Moving. I originally saw this IMAX movie in Hawaii, at the Polynesian Cultural Center 3 years ago...and bought the soundtrack, always hoping to get the DVD. Much to my 
One of the most impressive films ever made. Faust is just an incredible accomplishment in the art of silent cinema, one of the most ambitious and masterfully directed films of 
Passionate & Sensuous. From the first time our leading characters eyes meet, you can feel the temperature rise in the room. Not your average, sappy love conquers all type of 
Two s a Company, THree s a Crowd . Sex Crimes 101 . Film Noir at it s Best. Lies, Betrayal, Deception, Sexual Eroticism. All through the movie You dont 
worth it. The Red Violin is such a good movie. The storyline is good as we as then cinematography, though it does slow down when it gets to the chinese 
NOTHING LIKE LIVE EDWIN. If you sort of like Edwin McCain, get this DVD, watch him live, and you will fall in love. He has such passion for his music 
ILLUMINATING LOOK AT THE BAND, FANS & PA. The Grateful Dead movie came out in 1977 but consists of footage shot during an October 1974 series of concerts at the 
Just Watched What Is Now One Of My Favorite Movies. My Brother and I just watched what is now one of our favorite movies of all time. The movie was 
AH VALMONT. I loved this film, it really is such fun to watch Close and Malkovich give career performances. I am so perplexed as to how Glenn Close did not 
My band was in this dang thing... Filming this was a lot of fun for us. I was the guy with the soup can around his neck like the hippie 
Awesome Advanced Step Workout!. This is a great step workout for people who love complex step choreography. There is a fast-paced warm-up followed by 7 combinations. Seasun then proceeds with 
!!!!Great Box set!!!!. If you are a classic samurai film and Kurosawa fan owning this set is a must  
The Best!. Steve Martin s King Tut skit had escaped me for 30 years, grateful for the DVD so I could finally enjoy the entire spectacle.Now if I could find 
What won t kill you, makes you stronger - But be warned - you may already own this. Due to sneaky repackaging, this is an old workout with a new 
A Solid Performance By Ms.Jennifer Beals!!!. This movie is about a Parole Officer played by Jennifer Beals who falls in love with one of her ex cons . This does 
Well-made, with a deep spiritual sense. It is great to smell the fragrance of Christ in such contemporary persons, especially in a world full of other strange fragrances. The movie 
Absolutely hilarious, but you ll either love it or hate it. When I first saw this movie on the shelf at the local video store, I had quite a bit 
Lightness and the Dark Side. After reading that Sven Nykvist had just died I decided to look at Fanny and Alexander again after 23 years. He was the cinematographer of 
A Classic Western Starring Randolph Scott!!. Lt. Jeff Travis was a spy for renegade rebel William Clark Quantrell - who had torched and looted his way to a fortune. Now 
Surprisingly good. Cat o Nine Tails is generally considered second-tier Argento. In fact, Argento himself isn t too jazzed on it. But I find it to be an excellent Hitchcock-inspired 
Blast from the past!. Watching these episodes was like stepping into a time machine and I greatly enjoyed the nostalgia. The quality of the film is much better than I 
What the Italian family is all about. My copy is a Region 2, European version . A masterpiece by Italian director Lucino Visconti. Intense, emotional, realistic, passionate, dramatic story of 
DVD format. This DVD is only available now in 1.33 full-screen, but as I understand it, this actually gives you MORE visual data than the theatrical version as the film 
X-Files: The Non-Connoisseur, But Developing Fan Perspective. Credentials and Summary: I originally saw a few episodes from the later seasons, and some earlier ones in re-run; we are now buying 
Fabulous for artistic development. I recently bought this DVD for my 2 yr old. She absolutelyloves it. The music is wonderful. Since she has been watchingit, we have seen her 
Shocking because it s true... If you love crime dramas,especially the one s based on true stories,then The FBI Murders is the film for you.Despite it s low-budget Made-for-TV trappings...I 
Meaty Entertainment. Though short of classic status, Prime Cut has alot to recommend it. Director Michael Ritchie has a sharp eye for Middle-America ambience and stages some good action set 
HILARIOUS!!. This show is one of the best in awhile. Then again, HBO is superior. Jeremy Piven, who plays Ari Gold in the series, will keep you laughing. Definitely a 
Where have all the French subtitles audio gone?. Since these are Region 1 DVDs -- USA and Canada -- the official languages are English and French, so both audio and 
Excellent 1st part, but quite a cliff hanger. Karas was a masterpeice. Anime at it s finest. It made me angry though. The ending, supposed to be a cliff hanger 
Loved it, so entertaining ... I have loved the comic series and I definitely loved the movie, RJ, Vern and Hammy especially will forever be my favorite urban forest critters. 
As good as ever, if not better!!!!. I purchased this season with trepidation as I was dubious about the changes in the casting as i had loved the previous 8 
venus in furs. first off i liked the way he wanted to do it from the blackman viewpoint.to bad he backed down. would have had more KICK. too busy. to 
Great Workout!. This is an excellent workout if you are feeling not-so-challenged by typical prenatal yoga classes and would like to build strength and keep toned. I am 35 weeks 
My son loves this movie. I don t get Pokemon; in fact, I think it s pretty dumb. However, my son LOVES Pokemon. He has video games and books; I 
Brilliant and Classy British Comedy. A rich and striking widow becomes poor with a parvenu purchasing her ancestral estate. She moves into a cottage close the palatial estate. The widow 
Great epic that also works as a moving family drama. Il Gattopardo 1963 is a stunning 3 hours film that is one of the best epics ever made by the 
Classic John Woo With A Twist. To say Bullet In The Head is just another one of Woo s gun-slinging, bullet-dodging feel-good action movies would be to discredit the director 
Excellent As Always. This Wiggles Live in the USA DVD is wonderful to watch especially since we saw them perform in Chicago. It s a must have even more so 
The Flying Nun is hilarious!. I thought The Flying Nun was largely forgotten, but given the amount of trashy and low-quality entertainment which is flying off the production lines, it 
Slightly Better than Average Teen Exploitation Moview. It s a teen exploitation movie. That means you already know the plot. Gut has hots for girl and is willing to do 
The clown IT By: Stephen King. The clown IT is a cereal killer. He comes and goes and no one ever knows where he will pop up next. But every 
Not a sequal, just another story. I hate seeing the spotlight reviews with negative comments. This was not a continuation of the story we were given, but also the last 
Great martial arts workout that s authentic & not watered down & excentuates posture balance. POSE GUIDE: Explaination of YOGA poses for 11 min: moutain, moutain w extended arms, standing 
A family film but maybe not for all of them. Tim Burton is one of those kind of directors where 2 or 3 of his films out of a whole 
Enjoyed the film, but.......................... I m little unclear if this was the same or similar historical event that took place at the TA Ranch in Buffalo Wyoming. Where a man 
Regarding the urban legend that George Reeves was cut from this film:. Actually, it s an urban legend of sorts that George Reeves s role in FROM HERE TO ETERNITY 
I d give it 4 1 2 stars if I could. I was skeptical about this film and expected to be disappointed, but on the contrary, I was pleasantly surprised. 
Unfortunately short and comparitively not worth the money. Get A Life was literally so far ahead of it s time it only lasted 3 seasons, and part of me is 
Heil Klink and Pass the Ammunition!. The lovable antics of Colonel Robert Hogan and his merry band of heroes, working from inside Stalag 13, a German POW camp.  
Breakout performance by Morgan Woodward. Dagger of the MindAfter exchanging cargo with the penal colony on planet Tantalus Five the Enterprise unknowingly takes onboard an inmate who was hiding inside 
A Lady Takes a Chance. I ve watched this movie at least a dozen times. Fine romance! My gosh he was a sexy young man! GREAT chemistry between him and 
interesting. This movie is covers the life of Wyatt Earp from his mid teens to his late sixties. It spends most of its time in Dodge City and Tombstone.It is 
a compassionate plea for freedom. alejandro amenabars biopic of ramon sampedro, who carried on a years-long effort for the right to die on his own terms. whatever your feelings on 
BRAVO WB and Errol Flynn! possibly better than vol. 1!!!. Okay...I just bounced around this set and can tell everyone that the transfers are typically excellent for Warner Bros the 
Shakira...ROCKS!!!. Shakira proves why she is the best International Pop Rock star in the world today, on this DVD! Her live show is energetic, with powerful vocals and rockin band! 
Floored. A long time coming. I never saw the theatrical release, and I still haven t. As with Blade Runner, it should be obvious to everyone by now that Ridley 
An extremely good deal for all Pokemon fans willing to put up the cash. This boxed set, while a bit more pricey than any individual DVD, is well worth the 
The Best I Have Ever Seen !!!!!. This was the best live concert on dvd I have ever seen ... it sent chills down my spine and tears down my 
 Without the bike. It s Moody s now . I remember liking this movie when it came out when I was a kid, but it wasn t until I 
Very Entertaining. The Sentinel isn t a movie I entirely expected to like, although I ve wanted to see it since it was in theatres. Even though the plot is 
Not fully professional. I don t like montage of this show. Many moments was unnecessary I think. When the dancer show the crazy tap - why they dont show this, 
Applause! Applause!!. Although I enjoyed it immensely the first time, this hysterical showbiz farce, got funnier with each viewing. It is also a good idea to watch it at least 
Does not work on xbox 360 hd dvd drive!. This is a great series, but be aware, this does not work on xbox 360 hd dvd drive. It would be 
Good Lord! Choke!!!. If you are a died in the wool EC fan then the body of this set, the hour long documentary on EC, isn t going to tell 
CSI continues to bring the detective side out of you. After becoming addictive to the CSI series, I just can t seemto get enough. So I purchased the third complete 
Big O Lives On. It was a sad day in history when Cartoon Network stopped playing Big O cartoons. I loved the series and was absolutely heartbroken when I learned 
Babar!!!. Babar was my favorite move when I was younger. Now I watch it and still enjoy it. As for the whole mother dying, well it teaches the small ones 
Abfab it is not, but a great British comedy it definitely is. Jill could be a sibling or an off spring of PatsyStone. The only thing that was wrong was 
Great Film. Very good copy of an excellent film.The documentary included allows to understand that more than an art work, Hedwig is the work of a life.Great for the possibility 
Sweet justice. This is one of the most romantic movies I ve ever seen even when there isn t a love scene. Of course Johnny Depp makes the romance wonderful 
Outstanding!. Public speaking is considered one of the most threatening situations you can face in your job. Answering follow-up questions can be even more terrifying. Author Jerry Weissman, an experienced 
The blood is the life. Bram Stoker s vampire novel has been remade dozens of times, but perhaps the best adaptation is the classic Bela Lugosi version. And Dracula - 
Mysterys & Lighthouses. I enjoyed this movie very much. The photography was wonderful. I am a fan of lighthouses, and mysterys, and this movie contained both. I am not a 
Out of Reach. Typical Seagal movie. Lots of martial arts and some story. Good film for evenings entertainmen  
The Undiscovered Country - The fitting end, and the fitting DVD for it. The Star Trek movies have had a roller coaster trend. There was the first movie which was 
The movie has a life in and of itself. I saw this movie when I was in college 1998 . I saw it again recently, I enjoyed it even more 
The Next Exciting Chapter in the Search for the Sunflower Samurai. This is the second chapter in this exciting series, as the semi-friendly trio search for the Samurai who smells 
Not everyone is Cher. Let us give thanks. Norah is just Norah on this dvd and that is way better than 99.9 of the singers doing concerts and or dvd 
An Enchanting Fairy Tale. Ella of Frell Anne Hathaway is an unusual child. As a baby, a bumbling fairy godmother named Lucinda Vivica A. Fox gave her the gift of 
An Inconvenient Truth, Presented By Al Gore. Let me say this first: An Inconvenient Truth attempts to convince you that a global warming is a hideous problem and that b 
Penelope Ann Miller and hormones. A ship that was supposed to transport some crates from South America to a museum seems to have a crew that lost their heads. The 
MITCHEL MUSSO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. THIS IS KL S REVEIWTHIS WAS A VERY GOOD MOVIE BUT THE PLOT WAS A LITTLE ON THE STRANGE SIDE. MITCHEL MUSSO DID A GREAT JOB, WELL WE 
On eof the greatest. This is one of my all time favorite movies. It s certainly my favorite Duvall movie. James Earl Jone is great; the whole cast is wonderful. 
&quot;American Pie 2: The Pie Strikes Back!&quot;. An absolutely charming entry in the coming-of-age field. Donot be fooled by the.. cover; this is not in any way, shape, or form 
AWESOME!!!!. This a a great work-out. It s short in duration but gets the blood pumping and the sweat dripping. I ve always been active and this one really works 
The best show of all time. Gilmore Girls is an incredible show. It is most definitely my favorite show ever and I know many other people who would second that. 
Middle of the road movie and just to correct a previous reviewer... This movie is situated between Greenwald s High Price of Low Wages and the other pseudo-documentary, Why Wal 
Slaves vs. Mighty Rome. Spartacus 1960 is a great film recreating the last of the Servile Revolts that occurred in Ancient Rome. The very name of the main character has 
Heavy Metal, the greatest piece of American animation. If you think any of that s t Walt Disney made was the pinnacle of American animation, think again!! Heavy Metal crushes 
Infernal Affairs and The Departed: Compare and Contrast. There are some very good reviews already posted about Infernal Affairs , although they got some minor facts wrong such as which 
SPENCER TRACY AND THE SEA ACT AS SURROGATE FATHERS TO FREDDY BARTHOLOMEW. Rudyard Kipling s classic boy s tale of the sea is inhabited by Freddy Bartholomew as spoiled rich 
GREAT! I disagree with Robert M. Flynn. I loved this DVD. I was a little worried when I first saw it, because I love the Flaming Lips, and the worst 
If you love wild westerns.... you ll love this movie. I love watching movies about Billy The Kid, Jesse James, Butch Cassidy, and more. I m tired of movies about 
Christian Pastor Who Resisted Hitler... Notable for its presentation, interview gets and unique archival footage, BONHOEFFER: PASTOR, PACIFIST, NAZI RESISTOR is a powerful, concisely comprehensive look at Dietrich Bonhoeffer s 
Danger Man, Great TV. All the Danger man DVDs are excellent. The shows are extremely thought provoking and are much more enjoyable if viewed, giving time for some entertaining analysis 
 It s too much. It s too much......... . If you are a fan of Mamet, then you should enjoy this - if it is possible to enjoy such 
Nice Choreagraphy, Effective Atmosphere. This is a beautiful film that will touch anyone who knows a lot or at least some things about professional dance. It has a very effective 
this is who we are... the time is near. Season 1 of Millennium featured fantastic performances from its cast and a dark atmosphere that made The X-Files look sunny by 
amazing performances. I recently attended the premiere in New York City of Game 6 and was frankly surpised and amazed by what I saw. To me, Micheal Keaton is Batman, 
Slow, Odd, but Interesting True Story of Nazi-Era Germany. Zishe Breitbart Jouko Ahola is a Jewish blacksmith in a rural Polish village in 1932 when he successfully challenges the Strongman 
magnificent phantasm. From the delicious irony of the main intro theme, which derisively echoes the Lion King soundtrack Disney lifted the concept, characters and storyline wholesale from Osamu Tezuka s 
X3-What would Bryan Singer do?. When watching the third X Men movie, one cannot help but wonder if Bryan Singer was involved in the movie.Brett Ratner does a credible job 
Best Scary Movie. Scary Movie 3 is best followed by #4 and then #1 and then #2  
The Ultimate Scarface FINALLY . This movie is excellent. Based on the subject matter which is of a violent nature it s certainly not for everyone, but I certainly believe 
Fine show, Great Band. This is a wonderful show and very true to the band s recent live performances, albeit with a condensed songlist. I give it only 4 stars 
IT IS STILL A GREAT SHOW. IT IS STILL A GREAT SHOW. IT IS BETTER THAN I REMEBERED IT  
The comedy is back in full force but where s the heart?. I ve been a devoted Scrubs fan from the get-go. It s common knowledge that their distinct brand 
good creepy fun, watch the sentinel . i watched this on t.v. in the early 80 s and it gave me the creeps,and it still does .a young model moves 
A True Television Event . There aren t many television shows in the 50 years of television history that can be categorized as a weekly event . A weekly event 
Bold and inspiring, though not flawless. Brother to Brother packs a lot of ambition into its compact running time. Director Rodney Evans has interwoven the modern-day story of Perry, a 
Surprisingly Good. Was expecting a stinker based on reviews and the trailer, but this movie was surprisingly funny, romantic and real. A woman who thinks she is in control Viveca 
Top Notch TV. I ve been a fan of The West Wing since the first season. I have previously purchased season 1 and 2, and just recently purchased season 3. 
The Truth is Too SAD to acknowledge.. This movie Shows it with Humor. I have seen the other reviews and agree with them in the main. This movie is absolutely 
A beautifully subtle and genuinely emotional film. This is clearly one of the most polarising of Jane Austen adaptations on film. Some viewers will love the genuinely moving acting, the 
Perfect for beginners. As soon as my dvd arrived and I put it into my dvd player, I was learning how to crochet. I never knew how before but now 
They were soldiers. Glory is a truly extraordinary motion picture in all sorts of ways. As a proud Southerner, I have to say no other film has ever had me 
Terrorstorm - Alex Jones. It is an incredible eye-opener. Every Patriot should make it his her responsibility to view this documentary. Never trust your government. Watch everything your elected officials 
Probably the best season. I think this is probably the show s best work. So many classic episodes. The actors were definitely comfortable with each other by now, but they 
Piccadilly, Wong & Waugh. We ve been hearing a lot about the legendary Asian-American actress Anna May Wong 1905-1961 recently. In the last couple of years there have been three 
Angel. THe DVD arrived in good condition. I love angel and I watched it up till season 4. I watched a little of season 5 before I purchased this item. 
A great way to introduce kids to opera. My four year old daughter loves this VERY short version of Mozart s classic opera. The running length is just over 40 
Lazy mans guided to the other side. Wonderfully done and clear explanation. It should have subtitles in other languages. Dont miss this film  
An entertaining murder melodrama!. Dedicated to Hitchcock, whom Truffaut admired so much, it tells us the sordid revenge of a suddenly when leaving behind the church minutes ago, his husband 
Still a few laughs. Not as good as the first movie but still funny.All new material, fast paced and as usual, only people with a good sense of humour will 
One of the best concert DVDs you can buy. I only bought this a week ago, and it s far better than I expected. One thing I like about the 
When the Legend Becomes the Fact, Print the Legend. John Ford was fascinated by American heroes & how they shaped the popular psyche. He was the first to freely admit 
Endgame. The print looks like you re watching it through muddy water; is this something to do with the unclear public domain status of this and other of Capra s 
A Great Workout. I love Ellen Barrett. I highly recommend all her videos. This video makes you work and is still a lot of fun. I like how the video 
Great Music!!!. If you haven t got a chance to see T.P. perform live like so many of us you won t be dissapointed. This is a must have for 
awesome!. this movie is a very realistic one. from the omaha beach scene to the last village scene! although the omaha beach sce was very very graphic, i still taught 
ANOTHER MIRACLE FROM. It should come as no surprise that Einojuhani Rautavaara is without the shadow of a doubt the best living opera composer ofour times.After being an enfant terrible 
Great Baseball Movie, with frisbee included. Field of Dreams which is in the top 3 of the greatest baseball films of all time is a great purchase, here you get 
Splendid DVD Shows Why Li Is Among Our Best Young Pianists. Deutsche Grammophon has to be commended for producing a superb documentary video which is an ample, excellent demonstration of 
Shiva Rea-Yoga Shakti. This DVD is useful for all levels of yoga. There is a very beginning section which was pretty easy, anyone could do it and it advances to 
Irreverence and decadence!. As all pf us are aware about Terry Gilliam s border limits scripts, the repercussions and tendencies that occur, product of a progressive crumbling of the human 
Another fine effort by Criterion. Once again, Criterion does a classic movie justice. The digital transfer is 100x better than previous versions available on dvd and the extras are strong, 
Yesteryear. American in Paris & Singing in the Rain are stories from a time long that no longer exists . . . with sweet music & excellent dance. They are 
History Part 1. Required material for any person who grew in the 60th or has children or grandchildren who needs to know where the great music and inspiration came fro 
Your security stinks!!. So barks iron-jawed Robert Stack at the end of this draining flight. This movie is almost more than a body can handle. Flight 502 leaves New York 
A rare gem beautifully restored. This is a hard-to-find Karloff film, done in England. It s very atmospheric and it has some fascinating characters, not the least of which is 
Haunting and tragic. I ll always remember that in the early 1990 s, at the time this documentary was first released, The Oprah Winfrey Show did an entire episode about 
All That Jazz. The origional modern musical. Even by todays standards ... a cutting edge piece of work. I enjoyed it years ago ... and enjoy it just as much 
Review of North and South - Elizabeth Gaskell, author. I have never read or viewed extensively the works of Elizabeth Gaskell, however, I have found I am a devoted fan 
Watched in Social Studies. First of all. I LOVED THIS MOVIE! It was so realistic and didn t have a sappy love story part, it was pure battle and made 
In The Line Of Fire. I saw this movie when it first came on TV. Michael Gross gives a chilling performance, the best of the entire cast. It is based 
Equilibrium -Hidden Sci Fi Gem. Equilibrium is one of those movies not generally well known to the public at large, even to those who liked the Matrix trilogy. For me, 
Excellent film. One of the best films, adapted from a book. very touching true story, and the acting impecable, Richard Gere gives a great performance as a man confronting his 
 When s the future? . Spike Lee has said, in hindsight, that he d lost his abilities as a filmmaker between Do The Right Thing and Malcolm X. If 
Excellent DVD to start Qigong Practice. I purchased David Garripoli s VHS a few years ago and I realized benefits from the first session of doing the Wuji Swimming Dragon 
This movie was freakin awsome they should make another one. The movie was really cool and it gave that fix of new Baywatch that i had been missing Baywatch was 
Good DVD. I started power yoga classes about 7 months ago and have always found it to be really challenging and hard to keep up with others in my class. 
Excelent purchase. Excelent episodes, I remember when I saw them for the first time in TV and I wondered myself: How could I get this episodes for me and can 
8 Below. This is a beautiful film with breath taking views and shows the deep love and devotion of human to animal as well as animal to human. I cried 
Nobody puts baby in the corner to carry a watermelon. I have one hand on the bible, one hand in the air, and I confess that I indeed used to 
The action is the highlight. Mainly, the movie follows the aftermath of the very successful video game, Final Fantasy 7. If you haven t played the game, the movie will 
I Like It. With a reference to Jewish mysticism, this black and white movie perfectly highlights a psychotic world of a talented mathematician attempting to unlock world mysteries Chaos see: 
One Loud Hooker Plus One Insecure Writer Equals a Match Made Only in the Movies. After three big-budget Broadway-based period musicals in a row, Barbra Streisand obviously made a conscious 
Una joya romantica. Una historia veridica llevada al cine magistralmente. Todos los actores realizan unas actuaciones tan maravillosas que en realidad uno cree estar viviendo en el 1848...Imanol Arias Ladislao 
5 star film, 1 star DVD. This is one of Harrison Ford s underappreciated gems, made in that brief period in the 1980 s when he had a two movie 
Incredible. I can t really add much to the only other review, but I, too, find it unfortunate that this film and much of Pudovkin s work has been largely 
Beginning Pilates Mat Workout. I love this DVD. Easy to follow and not too tedious for frequent use  
Dream Team DVD. This DVD was in excellent condition and arrived within one week of purchase.  
all about fire engines all about construction. My 2 year old loves this dvd. It is a little cheesy but, the content is simple to understand and very engagining for 
Effective...just make sure you have the equipment. This is an extremely challenging workout in terms of lower body work. Format: Warmup, Lower Body Work, Cooldown for Lower Warm up for 
10 Stars!. I can t say enough good things about this movie. I watch a lot of anime, but I have to say this is the most well animated movie 
Sequel Time. Ingrid Bergman looks lustrous, her skin aglow, as though they fed them nothing but cream in that convent. No wonder she turned a million little American boys onto 
Clasic Mystery. I have enjoyed watching this mystery over the years. Intriguing plot without too much violence with a final twist. Engaging  
Rare Laserdiscs - dvds Movies Collector. Breakin is One of The greatest 80s movies ever made..Add it to you Collection,,You ll love it ...I bought the dvd and I enjoyed 
THREE STAR POWER AND..SIDNEY LUMET TOO!!. Connery,Hoffman and Broderick is not the typical cast . Would you in your wildest dreams picture Dustin Hoffman as an Italian named Vito? Not 
Better than most modern thrillers. I was surprised by this movie, maybe because i hadn t heard anything about it so when i put it in the dvd player i 
Solo Oliver Hardy. Before he teamed with Stan Laurel in 1927, Oliver Hardy had been working in films since 1914. This disc has films from the 1920 s. Highlights include: 
Intense. I like the fact that there was the background story with the performance. Great. Educational and entertaining at the same time  
mystery best!. what can i say?...the brits have it right; wonderful mystery series...pleeeeeeeeeeeze make more  
nice window into hell---or one of them, at least. As someone who followed the carnage in the former Yugoslavia with great morbid fascination during most of the 1990s, I found 
A Nice Romance. Mandy Moore is sweet but sharp. She is thoughtful, forgiving, encouraging, with charming personality. She works at her relationships. A romance. Touching. Moving.The intent of the first 
I really like it. This is a very good product for great toning. I like using it after I do my weight training to really give me that final burn 
A gripping action film and a powerful study of failure. The Wages of Fear was awarded by unanimous verdict the Grand Prix at 1953 Cannes Film Festival where it won 
Dora and Josue. The transforming and redemptive power of forgiveness is the major theme in this moving film from Brazil. The two leads, Dora, an older woman whose self-imposed sheltered 
Great show - really miss shows like this. Really great stuff. Loved this show when it was on, and it s great to get this on DVD. Realkly love Robert 
Phyllis Montana LeBlanc for President. Phyllis Montana LeBlanc for President! Or, at least Secretary of Keeping It Real. Ms. LeBlanc, a passionate and articulate victim of the 2005 New Orleans 
get slap happy. Ed Friedlin is a monthly writer for bass player magazine. He covers in an excellent way how to slap, pop, mute, develop a groove, how to play 
The Helplessness of war and the courage of one man. That is what Hotel Rwanda is all about, BUT more importantly it ends with hope, hope that this will never 
Interesring. The story kept your interest even though it did not have all thehigh tech kismos of todays movies  
By far the best concert DVD I ve seen. Well, I ve seen many concert DVD s and most of the time I was dissapointed, sometimes by a picture quality 
Third time the charm????????. This is the third remake of essentially the same story by director Hawks and star Wayne. The first two, Rio Bravo and El Dorado are superior 
This film will long be a cult classic. This movie is simply hilarious. You will make a connection between the movie, and your own job, no matter what your occupation. 
Great Show, Better Than Vol. 1. First off, I d like to say that Attorney at Law is one of my favorite cartoons ever. The timing and absurd humor are 
Great starter for Pilates. I enjoy this DVD, but I find the routine less then challenging. I use it for a quick workout it is 30 minutes , but the 
Fantastic!. I have seen the first series at home in England and thought it was fantastic. Then, season 2 came out - just as good if not better. There are 
Wonderful Australian Production. In all honesty, I purchased this DVD because it was one of Hugh Jackman s earlier works back in Australia. I was very pleased with my purchase 
Love it!!!. I am a very huge fan of the movie. I recently moved from San Diego, California, and I was always able to get all Disney shows there. I 
Even more fabulous with the extra footage and commentary!!. I really enjoyed this documentary because it was so entertaining and full of energy. I love the extra footage, and the 
What became of John and Elizabeth. Another 9 1 2 Weeks shows us what became of John Mickey Rourke and Elizabeth. The sequel takes place about a decade after its 
A Multi-Generational Tale Of Pain, Loss,Courage & Redemption. Three women, from different generations are still trying to heal from the horrors of the Third Reich and WWII more than fifty 
Major Changes Don t Equal Failure. Season nine has proven that Stargate can survive without Jack O Neill, but his loss is stil felt this season. Browder does a really 
This is simply a Great disturbing Movie. I first saw Crimes of Passion in a theater years and years ago - and when I watched the DVD edition I realized 
Fast Times indeed!. One of the classic high school movies, Fast Times spawned a slew of teenage talent on the big screen, but no one was more memorable in this 
Mean Machine A PROPER game of footy . The formula is familiar but enjoyable. A group of British tough guys are assembled for an enterprise that combines violence with humor, 
I love this workout!. This step workout reminds me of my gym s step class. It starts out with easy steps then builds to a little more advance ones. He 
best NIN dvd, great way to show off HDTV and 5.1 dolby!. I am a huge NIN fan, so this might be a bit baised to say that it is 
 Don t you know what those are made out of???? . This is by far one of the greatest comedy films of all time, along side classics such as 
Better than given credit, but not up to the other seasons. Season Five of The A-Team often gets bashed, and to some degree it s warranted. The A-Team joining forces 
we need 6 stars. Like Peter Black this a black and white classic - anAmerican classic in its truest sense, where else can you have sex with a dead person 
SAME AS IN THE MOVIE JUST ON DVD GET IT !. CATBALLOU............................. ! WE STILL LOVE YOU  
Must have for Sean Connery Fans. I enjoyed this film. After watching the special AFI salute to Sean Connery I bought a collection of Sean s work. They are all 
Skin Flick: This Film Delivers!. I was greatly surprised and pleased! Gorgeous girls everywhere, stripped naked! Lots of nudity! A funny plot! A true Skin Flick! BUY it! The dubbing 
Thrilling and fascinating. This Duet Volume 1 and 2 has great information about extended orgasm and the possibility of a man giving her a better orgasm than she would give 
Watch with your best girlfriend... I took my best friend to see this second run in an small, artsy theatre in San Francisco. It was so vivid and colorful... very 
Complex and riveting drama. The perpetrators of a high-level corporate scandal Masayuki Mori, Takashi Shimura, Ko Nishimura are pursued by the illegitamate son Toshiro Mifune of a low-level functionary that 
Mighty Ducks. Great films for whole family and for all fans of Anaheim Ducks hockey team. : But, in my opinion, first film of the trilogy is more attractive than 
A Little Gem. Beautifully filmed and acted.Connects the spirituality of Buddhism to the 21st century seamlessly  
Movie for dreamer. I am not a movie buff like i used to be during college days. Now i dont even want to watch a movie even if it is 
Very, very good :- . I remember watching this at the movies and not ever wanting it to end. Back in the day, movie tickets weren t too expensive so 
smarter than you might think. Watch the Seventh Seal by Ingmar Bergman and you ll appreciate the &quot;battle&quot; with Death even more  
More than Need You Tonight . This dvd single is the only commercial release of the ground breaking video for the Australian hit Burn For You from The Swing album.Worth 
 Murder! That s what this dirty rotten politician s war is. . Howard Hughes big-budget World War 1 classic has never looked better in this beautifully restored dvd edition. 
An Excellent Summation of the Escaflowne series. After watching the series, I found this movie to be an excellent summation of everything in its entirity. However, those who haven t 
Red Shoes. The Red Shoes is one of my favorite movies, but only because I m a dancer myself, I think. After a while, it does get a bit boring, 
A Shout Out to Shout Factory. I give up, Shout Factory. How do you get to the episodes? Do you really have to push forward on the remote four times 
Lassie Come Home. Touching tale gets full MGM treatment, with sumptuous Technicolor and a solid cast, including Donald Crisp and Elsa Lanchester as Joe s parents, and Elizabeth Taylor in 
My first review - 4 stars!. I really enjoy this tape and use it often. I particularly favor the zoning or waves as she calls it. 3 zones that progressively 
Action, Suspense, Drama, what more do you want?. What s that you say? You just can t enjoy a film unless it has Bruce Lee style dubbing? Fear not it 
One of Stallone s better performances. Let me say that I ve always been a Stallone fan. I ve always liked such films as Rocky I & II, Copland, the 
Bizarre, yet tantalizing. If you bought this DVD, well, you must have knew what to expect. BH is one strange mofo, and this DVD fits the bill. Your not getting 
 My name is Tina Turner and my husband and I have had. an argument. I have 32 cents in my pocket. If you give me a room I promise 
Educational, Entertaining and Effective!. Meet the Numbers is a very clever DVD that taught my 21 month old son to recognize numbers zero through 10 and to count. He watched 
Under-appreciated period piece. For as much as I enjoyed the first season the second one blew it away. This was a character-driven period 1930s show that did what good shows 
Great Story. I was on the edge of my seat - WILLING Melanie Griffith s character to MAKE IT in the business world. She was smart, pretty, and hard-working. She 
5 stars for the film - not the DVD. What a pity that this classic film has entered the public domain. It s almost enough to make you wish that 
You feel like you re there!. Great music. Makes you want to get up and dance - or sing - or both. Filming in a New York winter helps to 
Amistad=GREAT FILM. This film is a truly great film. It not only tugs at the heart strings but also gives one an insight into what the African people actually endured 
 Every Day s A Brand New Deal . This one quickly became a favorite of mine. Ever polemical, working class everyman, Harvey Pekar, desperate for an outlet in which 
Lowbrow humor at it s best. If you re looking for laughs without being challenged, this is a great way to spend a couple of hours. It s not ground 
Another Excellent Boxed Set!. I just picked up the Season Two, volume one DVD boxed set of He-Man and the MOTU, and must say it is just as great as 
this van damme movie is actually quite good. the only thing not so good in this movie is the police casting jobs. some of the cops in nopd just looked 
A Seinfeld lovers dream come true!. If ur a Seinfeld lover then this is a must have! Not only do you get the first three seasons, but you also get 
Classic Kurt Russell!. This is one of the most exciting thrillers I saw in the 90 s. Kurt Russell s performance is great! The cinematography and direction are excellent.The movie 
a pretty good film. this dvd wasnt bad at all, it shows the life of vince mcmahon and what he s about and it shows about his family in it 
Very Good. I am a big X-Men fan, i like almost anything Marvel has done, and it is true, this series cannot compare to the older x-men cartoon.this one is 
An extremely underrated movie. Althoush critics and pretty much everyone else dismissed this movie as awful, I think it is great. It is Denis Laery at his best both in 
I think. it was a hoot upon seeing this film in the theatre espeically the part where Candice Bergen tries to woo Burt back with her terrible singing Better than 
Leaves you wanting more. Everyone remembers the 1963 series where Dr. Richard Kimble David Janssen goes running around in every episode just missing the criminal that killed his wife. He 
Randy Travis At His Best!. My whole family loved this. Randy does some popular songs like He Walked On Water Forever and Ever I Told You So, and five other 
5 Stars for Season Two - But Season One Deserved 6!. Season Two is a glorious revelation from the Gods of Comedy and features such wiley moments often musical such 
Coma. Audacious, brilliant, cerebral yet firmly grounded in the stuff of life, Barbet Schroeder s &quot;Reversal of Fortune&quot; is as much a winner now as it was when it was 
Very informative. All you want to know on the history of vegas is right here in this 2 disc special. I love vegas and love the history even more so. 
Up-close and intimate. The films I watch tend to be action films of the likes of Arnie, Stallone and Gibson et al. So it may come as a surprise that 
A Real Lost Classic. This is not a great movie... but it is a GRAND one. It is also one of my top ten favorite movies of all time... because 
Tiger Woods DVD. Unfortunately, I am unable to review the product because it was used as a gift.  
If You Want To Laugh.. This movie has nothing but comedy written all over it. Fast moving plot with the right recipe of characters. Hilarious to the bone and excellent 
Great movie, could have done without the political revisionism. This movie is based on the fall of Phnom Penh, Cambodia to the Vietnamese trained Communist Khmer Rouge. It is the 
Not the best... ...but not as bad as some people wrote. Please keep in mind that this is a American Pie movie. If you do expect some serious movie then 
Yet another installment of the Champloo . Fuu, Mugen, and Jin... we meet again. This time around the gang is in for some revalations of sorts. You find out a 
The First Guy Cry Movie Ever. When I was playing HS football, this movie hit the air waves. It did so with such a powerful stir as well.Guys crying at 
Coming Home. Although this movie was set in a Veteran Affairs hospital during the Viet Nam war it still has the most amazing relevance today. The characters depicted are well 
quick and perfect, thank you very much!. I ordered the DVD in the US around the 15th Dez. and it was delivered at Cologne only two weeks later - I 
Best Sit Com on TV. I had never watched Scrubs until about one week ago. A week later and I ve watched all five seasons. Absolutely must see. Braff possesses 
Great movie - however this dvd is edited. An outstanding movie. This film has always been a favorite. I was sad to see though that this DVD version has been 
Amazing in color. It was a delight to see this childhood memory again, and in pristine quality with color if you prefer it in original black & white, turn the 
Great movie on bluray. I bought this movie because I m a fan and it is one of my top five action movies of all time. I wanted to see 
awesome if you are a boy george fan. the video s were great the whole thing i Really enjoyed and I am a big culture club fa  
HYSTERICAL. I am a huge fan of Leslie s goofball movies and outside of his Naked gun flicks,i thought this was the funniest. In fact,it s quite similar to the 
Excellent video of the Yang Long Form. I have seen quite a few Tai Chi DVD s and this one is probably one of the best. There are plenty of 
Shamelessly Entertaining Neo-Noir Masterpiece. The Bride Wore Black is another neo-noir classic from Francois Truffaut. It s adapted from the pulp novel masterpiece by Cornell Woolrich aka William Irish. Truffaut 
Great for teaching music, drama & US History. I hate musicals. This one is tolerable because it is so rich in history. My 8th graders love it. They really get 
My favorite!. I ve been Netflixing exercise DVDs to decide which ones I want to actually buy, and I knew from the first time I watched this one that it 
 Best Movie Ever Made! . Probably the greatest biographical film ever made, Mommie Dearest holds a place in American pop culture not only as a film classic but a 
ANOTHER STELLAR PERFORMANCE FROM THE DIVINE MISS M!. This movie was Bette s best performance since The Rose . Definitely worth seeing and having for your DVD library. The pain 
Take this journey... harrow your soul. Having just seen the DVD of Children Underground I must say strongly that this film should be seen by everyone in the postmodern first 
My favorite Michael Mann movie. My 18 year old son and his 60 year old dad both love this movie. The casting is just about perfect - especially Robert DeNiro 
The best and most well rounded anime of all time. Two samurai owe their lives to Fuu, a ditsy waitress who saved their lives. She saved their lives under one 
Long John Silver. In the end, Captain Silver manages to get the captain Flint s pirate treasure. Pirates treasure controlled by Captain Silver and a new legend born. Young Jim 
The Biggest Winner. I love the workouts except I find Jillian s sense of humor somewhat annoying, which only allows me to give her workouts 4 stars instead of 5 
Good movie, scared my kids. I remember this movie from when I was a kid. I liked it then, and I still like it now. It freaked my kids out 
A Charmingly Bad Movie. I really shouldn t like this movie but I do. However, I gave it four stars SOLELY because of the acting and soundtrack. Sandra Bullock and 
Sondheim Review. The clarity of the picture and sound were both excellentI thought that the jacket design was a bit drab, hence no fifth starThe only other criticism I have 
Beautiful and nutritious for the brain . In our family, sometimes we only watch videos DVDs that are nutritious for the brain - especially after several requests for another disney 
The art of not caring for other people s approval. I got CYE based on seeing it in the DVD store, never having seen HBO. I know Larry David is 
Samaritan Girl -- the newest DVD from Asia Extreme May 2005. Samaritan Girl is a really impressive film directed by Ki-Duk Kim. To end all the discrepancies about the title, 
no title. Another movie with sniffling and Kleenex. Tom Hanks, as I foresaw in Big , is absolutely superb. Another comic, like Robin Williams and Bill Murray, with marvelous depths. 
Excellent movie, but version missing some scenes?. This movie still rocks after all these years since it first came out. An excellent and energetic movie from the start. Plot is 
Great zombie movies, no more and no less. I feel that both of these films are somewhat underrated. They were hurt by critics who sort of missed the point and 
My Little Pony Child Care Movie. My Little Pony is a movie for the little boys and girls in child care centres. The My Little Ponys are enjoying the first 
Excellent. I have seen this film twice. Once before reading the book and once immediately after reading the book. The film is a very faithful rendering of a long and 
Mad-cap family fun. A clever idea, to produce a new spin on the summer camp movie involving the kids inventing their own camp and conning their unsympathetic parents to part 
Money very much a side issue. Jennifer Aniston is good in this film, as the girl who is unaware of her talents or attractiveness. She s not an every girl 
home alone. I first saw this movie on a flight to dallas airport. the entire plane was laughing so hard the Flight attendants had to stop serving.  
Remembering. Twenty years later, after PLATOON was released in 1986 and brought some of the horrors of the Vietnam experience to the public s media-jaundiced eye, at last the film 
Loved Rent !!!. I saw the Broadway musical about 5 years ago and after seeing the movie and purchasing the DVD, I think that everyone should see this movie over 
Absolute excellence. Throne of Blood is a masterpiece by one of the world s greatest film makers at the height of his powers.Only Kurosawa could take the essence of Shakespearian 
Hey Batman, like where s your pants, man?!. The Scooby Doo meets Batman DVD is campy fun featuring the two appearances made by Batman & Robin on The New Scooby 
Where s the Special Edition?. Great flick, good for all ages, and above all else, it s SCHWARZENEGGER!!! I would really like to see a widescreen special edition of this 
Double-sided value. A great value option of an American Cult Hot Rod Icon. Personally I would prefer 2 seperate discs but this is value for money for sure!  
What can I say?. A Movie that will make you wonder if it could be true. It made you wonder what would happen next or if they would be able 
Golden Age TREASURE ISLAND . I ve just finished seeing once more my VHS copy of Victor Fleming s TREASURE ISLAND MGM,1934 .In glorious B&W and with magnificent performances by 
Powerful statement !. In this film you will face two opposite sides between a gay lover of the arts and a alienated and confused fanatic of the ancient regime. This 
Extraordinary Focus on Ordinary Men and Women of WWII. I use the term ordinary to emphasize just how extraordinary the US infantryman was in WWII. In motion pictures it seems 
Television is reality, and reality is less than television. They say you either love or hate this rather bizarre offering from 1983, but I found myself somewhat indifferent as Videodrome 
Urban love story hits Hollywood... Compared to the book, the film left out a lot of things, which is understandable, but maybe not the right thing????? In the book, Franklin 
GOOD DRAMA, PLOT, AND SPECIAL EFFECTS. Good cast. Well written drama with a believable what if? . Realistic details, and special effects make this movie interesting enough to watch to 
Pre Ordered the Moment I Saw It. This is a gift from the Gods. All the combined works of Kinski and Herzog in one packaged set. I pre-ordered it the 
Five Stars!. I had basically given up on police detective shows until this came around. It s smart, has great acting, and can be visually breathtaking. The DVDs are great 
Golden lessons form the hills . First off I have to say I am not a big fan of high gore slasher films, but Aja s hills offers us something 
What s Up With The Undue Harsh Criticism???. It is apparent to me that those that don t appreciate this documentary are missing out, and misleading potential buyers, on a 
For me this movie delievers. We have all wondered what would happen if the Alien and Predator met...head-to-head. This movie answers that question very well. No cheesiness. We have watched 
Excellent!. This movie is factual and filled with interesting bits of knowledge. The graphics are unbelievable and make it more of a movie than a factual video. It is fascinating 
The Best Volume of the 3 Princess Sing Alongs. Very much worth the money. Do not buy any other volume of Princess Sing Alongs or even the Princess Story line 
Truly a classic. This is what Science Fiction is supposed to be, Thought Provoking.Excellent imagery. Superb plot. Well developed. Wonderful ending.  
I hate exercises but I love this DVD!!. I need to stress that I really loathe any form of physical exercises. However, after having two babies, being completely out of 
Higher education meets urban apocalypse now. A truely dark unsettling look at high school life in inner cities of america. Jackson s charecter is a burned out shell of a 
Example of great film-making. This is not the kind of movie I would normally go for, BUT it was so well done that it deserves 5 stars !Whenever a film 
Tremors: The Legacy. Before I rate the box set and the four movies I would like to give you a brief history of my life with these films. When I 
Can somebody be so shamless??. I watched this video and feel myself embarassed as a common man that how some idiots we call our leaders be so shameless and senseless 
Best Player movie in a while. When I looked at the trailer for this movie, I knew I had to see it. I m a big fan of Pimp movies. 
It Get s Better With Each Viewing. It s hard for me to just toss around 5-star ratings for movies. I think they need to be reserved for something really 
darkwalker. Great horror flick, good acting, and story line. Pop some popcorn and settle back for a top of the line scarey movie. It also has some great humo  
One ring to rule them all. Part 2 of a movie to rule them al  
for whom the bell tolls. A hollywood classic at it s best. Ingrid Bergman displays innocents, warmth and the sincerity of a woman coming to terms with the cruelity of 
Taming the wild and crazy guy. With oldest daughter Nora Piper Perabo married, pregnant and moving to Houston and Lorraine Hilary Duff just graduated and moving to New York, patriarch 
Zeffirelli s Romeo and Juliet. As a high school English teacher, I show this film every year to my students and they love it. Some even love it more than 
What A Pace!. This show begins to fly along into the stratosphere this season. It commences with a wrap to Season One s cliffhanger, but a wrap that is realistically 
It s a great deal for the mixed titles. My son loves to watch Dora & books.I also love it.It s a great deal for the 3 titles in one 
Great Inspirational Film!!!. This movie brings truth and new meaning to the phrase You can do anything if you put your mind to it. Erik Weihenmayer is an inspiration to 
I loved this movie. This is a great movie, I highly recommend it. Tim Roth an Liam Neeson both do a fantastic job. The movie feels very real. I never 
The Vanishing 1993 . In 1988, director George Sluizer had directed a film entitled, THE VANISHING. The film was all in Dutch and starred Dutch actors, who are nowhere near 
Beginnings of a Genre that was All the Rage. The best thing about Look Back in Anger is Richard Burton, whose volcanic performance as Jimmy Porter set the bar for 
 The sun does not spit! . One of the most hilarious films ever made, THE OWL AND THE PUSSYCAT has more laughs than ten of today s so-called comedies 
Best Chinese movies. Although Infernal Affairs 3 is so boring, getting all is the best choice  
Underrated Early Frankenheimer. The Manchurian Candidate, another John Frankenheimer film which preceded Seven Days In May by two years, has drawn more critical praise, and perhaps deservedly so; its insane 
GENE KRUPA STORY. Any film that features Gene Krupa and Shelly Manne on the track is worth seeing. It would have been nice to have more music included, such as 
A cruel and hateful masterpiece. I will start with my thesis, namely that this film is one of the single greatest American films of all time, ridiculously complex psychologically, completely 
Brilliant Cinematic Distillation of Buuel s Surreal Vision. Luis Buuel began his career filming a short film, Un Chien Andalou 1929 , together with Salvador Dali and they agreed on 
fine topical comedy show. Fortunitely, way back when, I got a hold of a vinyl album that spotlighted various tracks of comedic highlights from this show. Fortunitely this show plays 
Great Film & Story. I dont know why some people have low comment on this film. maybe bcoz they have watch Men In Black before this film. Well i tell 
Wonderful,innocent movie. This movie always makes me smile.Such nostalgia with the technicolor,shiny cars,women in dresses and men in suits.Lucy is one of my favorite comedians and she does a great 
Ever get the feeling you re being watched?. The magic of a Coen Brothers film is that you never know what to expect and you can slowly go insane trying 
A True Guitar Legend. This DVD is special! No added or hidden musicians back stage,just one helluva live 3 piece power trio plus vocalist Davey Pattison. From the opening song 
Truly Memorable Screen Adaptation of Shakespeare s First and Bloodiest Tragedy:,. Made by a very talented director, Titus is a stylish, visually stunning, energetic and truly memorable adaptation of the 
Cute. this movie is a cutiesy family movie that has big time actors in it like John Travolta and Kirstey Alley. However, it seems to be more of a series 
Multimedia Magic. I ve long been a fan of John Santerineross evocative artwork. His images are hauntingly beautiful and thought provoking. It was exciting to learn he is expanding into 
Awesome feel good chic flick!. This movie is one of my favorites.. I am a sucker for a cheesy movie with all the ingredients.. I watch this movie whenever I 
A movie that was way ahead of its time and still is ... This movie is enthralling from start to finish. Awesome, timeless special effects, great acting, a great plot 
One Of The Best Movies. i loved this movie it was awsome i compare to it to the lost boys and fright night i like the way this one is 
 No One Knows Who They Were Or What They Were Doing, But Their Legacy Remains . A seering exploration of life behind the glitz and glamour of rock and 
A wonderful film about a real American Hero. This film moved me. Maya Lin is incredibly gifted, articulate, and seems amazingly humble. The Vietnam Memorial, and the hardships of it 
Please Do Adjust Your Set To This. The Please Adjust Your Set DVD Set is a worthwhile purchase on several levels. Watching the episodes that comprise the set, you can 
A little controversy is always good.... Battle Royale is a film that has gained an enormous following despite the fact that it was never released in most of the world. 
More mutants, more mayhem, more Bryan Singer!. An exciting and suspenseful follow up to the first X-Men film. My favorite part is still the climatic clash between Wolverine and Lady 
What happened with the transfer?!?. What more can I say about this show that hasn t already been said. The best show ever in television in my opinion. I ve 
The declining years. Most fun was seeing myself in the audience. I saw DP again this year in Montreux and can say that this concert should be the last... Ian 
Another excellent ER season. I started watching ER while on vacation a few years ago. I d come in from the beach, crash on the couch and get invovled. When 
More than meets the eye. Superficially this move seems, well, superficial. But it s really not. On my third viewing I found three things I never noticed before. One must 
Re: anti American. After watching this DVD I must say I am still very impressed with there work. however another reviewer said something that I believe needs to be corrected. 
SAE Review. An excellent show. It has positive plot development, good character richness and keeps you guessing. In a busy genre, it stands out  
To ALL parents who are finding it difficult to discipline their child. Because the child comes from their womb, many mothers find it hard to discipline their child. Here is 
Batman begins, again!. 16 years after Tim Burton stunned audiences and critics with his believable and dark motion picture version of Batman, Christopher Nolan Memento, Insomnia has remade the movie 
Extended Cut Gives A New Look. I bought The Punisher when it originally came out so now I have both the original DVD and its new Extended Cut.As for the 
Pure progressive rock performance. Really liked this dvd a lot, specially watching my favorite Dream Theater album being played live. Sound quality is good, image quality is good, I already 
Oddly Shaped Beings. My son 13 had never heard of these characters neither had I for that matter , and he wasn t really interested in watching the DVD s 
Brilliant, Hitchcockian Thriller. This is one of the best thrillers in recent years. The story centers on Tom Ripley Matt Damon who comes to Italy to befriend Dickie Greenleaf Jude 
Ready to throw Fonda away; don t until you see this. Jane Fonda, with Ms. Redgrave, makes this a reasonable and incredible synopsis of the war and difficulties of free-thinkers 
--King Arthur, like you ve never seen him before--. This film has it all with spectacular scenery, an interesting story line and good acting.This is definitely not the King Arthur 
Great movie. takes you back to watching those summer race car movies on tnt....after watching it just makes you want to build a car and race i  
SECOND SEASON SYNDROME. After establishing itself as a very unique series, MEDIUM moves into its second season with 22 episodes, and the continued strong presence of star Patricia Arquette. Ironically, 
Thunderball Strikes Big!. SPECTRE is back, and 007 has got em. This time SPECTRE plots to steal two atomic bombs and hold the world for ransom a situation still very 
Awesome. A must have for anime comedy fans. Being a big fan of anime comedy the intelligent, yet lame humor I was eager to see El Hazard The magnificent world 
A truly unique, visionary motion picture. The Nightmare Before Christmas is one of the few truly visionary motion pictures of the last couple of decades. The bizarre story is one 
Great killer doll flick!. A young girl named Judy Carrie Lorraine with his dad Ian Williams and stepmother Carolyn Purdy Gordon with a saleman Stephen Lee and two punk rockers 
Gwennie. Another very funny movie with Sandra Bullock! In rehab, Gwennie finds friends, and oddball romance. Favorite part when she gets a diamond  
great. this is great..i love the crow movies especially the first one...it rocks this box set rocks ..and the ppl who created it rock too  
no the greatest of action, and kind of a weak story, but when brigitte shows up, sheeit happens. And I am serious man. I don t want to give anything 
Tell it like it is!. Truth, justice and the American way! Something Michael Moore seems to know very little about  
SCOOBY DOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!. i love me some Scooby Doo and Season three is cool. i enjoy all the fun and adventures in a Scooby doo episode. Scooby Doo never gets old 
Better than most. I have seven children -- 11 years old and younger. I ve seen a lot of children s videos my oldest was very interested in Winnie the 
Oh the Memories!. This is a wonderful collection from my childhood that I can still enjoy! My daughters who are 10 years and 19 months can t wait for me 
A warm hearted movie about parents and music. A low budget film, yes, but it really works and I really enjoyed it which surprised me no end.Once again a plot 
Very silly ballet, but some great dancing. Not all ballet music is created equal. Le Corsaire s score is one of the less equal of classical ballet. Because it s 
One of Godard s most fun. Before the umbrellas of choubourg there was a woman is a woman a film which uses the format of the hollywood musicAL to explore 
Young Fatal Attraction. This movie is great. I just bought it the other day and rushed home to watch it. I throughly enjoyed it entirely, I believe it kind of 
the reason why I am a musician.. In mid 1975, I saw the movie Tommy in a theater by myself. I went because I was a huge Elton fan, and 
Great Irish Folk Music. I rented this film on netflix and watched an outstanding performance. Very traditional irish music played and the camera angles were great. if you want to 
Embrace the Power of the Alphabet. In this DVD, Blue and her friends explore the alphabet, all the way from A-to-Z. The episodes on this DVD all fit that idea 
Truly amazing and unusual. Wow!, this is an amazing viewing experience, and definitely the best Derek Jarman film that I ve seen. The script is based on Christopher Marlowe s 
An open Request. To the owners of the t.v. series starring adam west and burt ward: Please, please put the show on dvd soon, so we can share this wonderful 
That s right: Westerns can be Metaphysical. The motor that drives HIGH PLAINS DRIFTER is a metaphysical one. A Stranger mysteriously appears in the dysfunctional desert town of Lago, kills 
Not for everybody, but truly fantastic!!!!. For the Boys is truly an underrated gem. Spanning a period of 50 years and three different wars, the film tells the story of 
A Very Powerful Film by the Great Billy Wilder and Performed Masterfully by Oscar Winner Ray Milland. The first time I saw The Lost Weekend was about a year ago 
Pure Rock N Roll. Telsa is a pure rock band!!! They are true musicians!!! Some the best in the business!!! Their music will simply move you.Whether it s hard rockin 
100 action. Think for people, who are in realistic movie - this movie will be not so interesting, but still entertaining.Jason Statham looks perfect in role of Frank Martin. A 
The hustler being hustled. I did like this movie becuase it is a could be so real movie. It is about a man moving to the big city from the 
History as it happened... I love this old documentary...Capt Clark Gable does an excellent job narrating it, the color footage is a rare treat, and it gives an excellent insight 
BRAVO ZUCCHERO E TUTTI AMICI. WONDERFUL SONGS AND INSPIRED PERFORMANCES MAKE THIS A MUST OWN CONCERT DVD.EVEN IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND ITALIAN THE CATCHY MELODIES WILL HOOK YOU IN.THE 
Best Potion for youthfulness. This is one of the most original films I have ever seen. Meryl, Goldie, and Bruce work well off of each other, which is why the 
pantera2. Simply excellent,i have watched this movie many times and its been very emotional every time,every movie collector has to have this in their collections  
Better than the others. I bought this movie last year on a hum bug. This movie really surprised me. I really enjoyed it. My daughters love it as well. We 
This is one awesome salsa DVD Collection!. These DVDs were easy to follow with clear instructions. The multi-angle feature allowed my boyfriend and me to better learn each step. This 
Entertaining and suspenseful. I enjoyed this movie pretty much from beginning to end. It was not predictable and kept my interest. It was good to see a female character who 
In a word EXCELLANT. This movie was much better than I expected. With all the nonsense about the NC-17 rating wooooo, I thought it was gonna be all T&A and 
Triumphant return to Giallo for Argento!. Argento s return to giallo in 1982 after his two supernatural outings SUSPIRIA and INFERNO was triumphant one. By this point Argento was so 
A Puzzle of a movie. The desire to look is what cinema is all about.. In this regard we are all guilty of a certain fascination, sometimes even a somewhat 
Some trivia for true Vacation fans!. In 1983, I was 20 and working as an usher at a movie theater that seated 1000 in San Diego. Hollywood used to test 
great set. very well produced. there has been some delay with this package, which has been recalled due to errors with one of the discs. the new ship date is 
A Tight Little Story. It s Hitchcock like in it s presentation that admits you into a very short segment of our hero s life, but one momentous enough to 
no title. Another wonderful film of Spike Lee s. Reminiscent of Do The Right Thing with the neighborhood flavor, odd characters, a richness of detail and editing. But expecting it 
Hard to be critical of this one, it s a must-see!. Tale of murderous child with no conscience, superb cast. Tense drama wherein the ending had to be changed to 
Bruce vs. the wretched serial killer. Bruce Willis would not be the first actor to bag on their own work. Some people might take the fact that an actor bags 
Passion of Mind entertwined with Passionate Bodies. The film is well titled and is full of intrigue and mis-direction, yet it always returns to its central theme of over arching 
Absolutely Amazing!!!~. This movie is a complex journey into the minds of the Wachowski brothers and how they have got the knowhow to put trilogy depth into one single movie. 
very good. this movie is very good...it was a little hard to follow in places...the special effects were amazing and the story was great too...it lost points for me when 
exercise your Gray matter. spalding gray is stream of consiousness on speed. Over before you know it, you ll know a lot more when it s over  
Funny movie. This is one of my favorite movies. I ve watched it for years on cable and finally decided to buy the dvd. It stars the great John Candy 
Review of Theatre of Blood - Price s personal favourite... I have not seen Madhouse, so this review is a reprint of one I wrote on the previously available single 
Sad story, but in a feel good way. More than meets the eye. This movie may not be for everyone, but to me it s highly memorable.POSSIBLE SPOILER ALERT:This isn 
About time Sam s fans had this sort of thing to enjoy. My only reservation with this program is that I would have liked to have more on the circumstances 
Michael Moore s dorm buddy. Yes, there is hardly anrguement made in this film that was not made in FAHRENHEIT 9 11, but it appears Greg Palast serves dual roles 
A film that exposes more than you expect at first sight !. This film is just a curiosity piece than a good film drama. It s a poetic film about 
A prelude to the Bush presidency.... I ve always loved this film, which has grown more prophetic over the years. Now, it has actually come true. A simpleton has become 
The Best Movie of the 90 s. Remains of the Day joins Goodfellas and Breaking the Waves as movies that did not win Best Picture Oscars in the 90 s, 
Amazing!. They always seems to cancel the best series and this is another case of that. The Oblongs is laugh out loud funny and you will not be able to 
one of wayne s better later westerns. i love john wayne movies and this one is no exception. the ageless wayne looks great and is just right as a man 
To either love or hate as a film. The question is whether you re viewing this as a lover of Bacon s work or to enjoy what is simply a 
The CLASSIC original rag tag fleet. I really enjoyed the previous reviewer s episode guide. I printed it and decided to see how my own humble opinions stacked up to 
Fine acting in a rather bleak story - fashionable for its time. Jack Lemmon won the Oscar in 1973 for his performance in this movie. Jack Gilford was nominated for 
Johnny Depp as a credible actor? Who knew!. I list this movie as a 5 star review because it surprised me so much. Specifically, Johnny Depp s acting quality in 
Comic Genius. The truly great have to deal with the same resources, situations, and expectations as the mediocre contend with, but they always manage to find a way to outshine 
Enjoyable - keeps you guessing. Ghost Game is a very enjoyable movie. It has suspense and kept me guessing what was going to happen next, unlike alot of horror movies 
Still A Fun Watch, Even After All These Years. The film Repo Man is a bit dated, and yet it s still a fun watch. And I think that being 
Still my favorite after 10 years. I wrote a review eleven months ago after buying a video tape of this 1991 movie and was wondering why they hadn t released 
Better Than The First. This movie was better than the first and that does not happen often! I love action movies and this one delivered action, adventure and romance. I 
That... was the coolest thing... I have ever seen. I d like to take up argument with those who say that the Mike Judge collections I own all three are 
Awesome Kelly Brook. I have this movie saved on my DVR from Showtime,Ive watched it about 20 times.I also saw the Showtime HD version also,it was awesome.I ll probably buy 
Six great Miyazaki movies, one worthy pack!. Thanks to the success of SPIRITED AWAY in America, the works of Japanese animation maestro Hayao Miyazaki are finally starting to get the 
Yes, watch those lips!. Carla is a 30-something office worker, secretary to the boss of a real estate development firm in Paris. She wears frumpy clothing, and works hard. Too 
I can t believe that was so good. I had heard about this flick being talked about as the Chinese Charlie s Angels. It took me a while but I 
Great instruction, great menu options. Where do I start?The intro welcome was great..The Warmup gets all the major muslces in 8 min...The Choreography has 4 options for each of the 
MARENGO RE-MASTERS THE PIRATES. Marengo Films is proud to announce that we have found two fabulous prints and replaced our previous films. Long John Silver Returns is now in LETTERBOX 
A nice intro to Disney Cartoons. Unlike my fellow reviewers, my five-year-old and I think this DVD is great. Hawaiian Holiday was playing over and over again on Disney World 
Wow! Don t read about the movie, just go watch it... Often in my reviews, I touch on elements of the plot. I wouldn t call them spoilers per se, 
Finding your destiny at Mooby s. I became a fan of the original Clerks back in the 90s. After watching a Clerks and Mallrats double feature on satellite TV last 
Rockin Britain. If you have ofbeat humor, you will really love this DVD. It is Britan as never seen before. The inventiveness and sneaky humor is hilarious. It is directed 
Outdoor or Indoor. Regarding the previous comment, was not the show performed outside at the Milton Keynes Bowl ?  
Sympathetic Ballad to a Lost Grandfather. Proponents and opponents of the verdict that sentenced the Rosenberg s to death agree that the harsh sentencing was a product of the extremely 
I liked this version. I know that there are a lot of mixed reviews for a number of reasons, and as every has there own taste so do directors and 
Its not heaven, just idaho... a very good, very underrated movie about a pitching scout, who help a young pitching ace realize his dream of making the big leagues.the casting 
Great but could have been better. Shawn Michaels is my absolute favorite wrestler.I think the DVD had alot of his great matches but i think they should have included much 
Lowest of low-budget documentaries is nevertheless fascinating. Dick Proenneke almost lost his eyesight after some diesel fuel splashed into his eyes while on the job. That was in the early 
 No Disassemble . Nova are a research facility that have just constructed five robots designed for war. After a lightning storm, their Number 5 leaves the group and heads 
Medicine Man excellent. Sean Connery is at his best in the movie. Lorraine Bracco is great. Loved it in the theater so bought it to watch over and over  
Add this to your Arsenal for a Longer Life-Span... Watch this DVD once through and then just jump into it.You will: Sweat, stress-out your big muscles and jump around enough 
A real winner. I saw the Parents Seal of Approval award winner stamp and I knew it would be great and it was. I bought this for my sister and 
You will be entertained. This is a very entertaining film that explores many of the situations that young adults must master on their way to understanding themselves and their goals 
A Free Meal. We were in IHOP and my three yr old grandson was humming the theme song from one of the Little Einsteins movies. There was an older couple 
Funnier than anything else on television. More of the same AD. My only complaint is that the episode with Martin Short was out of step with the rest of the 
Great fun for the whole family!!!. I watched all of these shows as a child. I still enjoy watching them just as much as I did back then. I ve 
one of my favorites. I don t expect anything more of a movie than to enjoy it and be entertained. I don t seek to psychoanalyze or offer up in-depth 
 You re in the way of the Peace Process, Michael . On August 15th, 1998, 3 months after the Good Friday Peace Settlement, a 500 lb. car bomb exploded 
Inside Tinseltown. I used to think that actors made up their own lines remarks a casual acquaintance. Movie screen-writer Dixon Steele retorts: When they get to be big stars, they 
sports themes,very positive roles for wendy too. Some of the original British only Bob the Builders had rather restrictive roles for Wendy, very stereotyped into helpless female etc. These episodes 
Excellent, once it gets going. A supercomputer that takes over the world, eh? Sounds like a rather unbelievable plot, except that in this movie they make it believable. That is, 
C MON ALL YOU NAYSAYERS - IT S A H O O T!!!. This is a GREAT film on so many planes, it s simply beyond me that anyone wouldn 
Top notch espionage film. A very well-done telling of the ingenious plan to mislead the Nazis before the invasion of Sicily. It was audacious and elaborate but well-coordinated in its 
Far from maddening Germany!. Nowhere in Africa 2001 is a new approach to the Holocaust tragedy, done now by a German film director: Caroline Link.This film deservedly earned the Best 
All accessories included. I ve had this set since it came out, and in anticipation of a newer release, I m writing in about it.This set is one of my 
Poignant loss of child by two different parents. As both a parent and a grandparent and also having lost a child in infancy, I found this movie extremely satisfying in 
An underrated gem. This underrated, highly entertaining satire boasts memorable performances, clever camera angles and a spirited production design. Look for a red-headed, scene-stealing Douglas Spain Walkout, Band of Brothers, 
CARLY SIMON, VINCE GILL, ELTON JOHN, HEART = A SUPERSTAR DVD. Who better than a collection of music s Superstars to honor the genious of Brian Wilson!!! Brian is honored 
Moore of the same, please!. In the golden years of Television - indeed in the golden years of Entertainment - quality was important. Performers on TV had honed their skills, 
Great Movie. Local Hero was a great movie.Was one of the original sea-change concept movies, had great story, good scenery and a great theme song.Would highly recommend it to any 
Great!!. I have an 11 year old and 8 year that really enjoy this DVD. It is easy to follow for all ages. They love to do the family part. 
~Professor Higgins vs. Eliza Doolittle~ A Review... Pygmalion is the predecessor to the musical My Fair Lady, but saying that, it undoubtedly rings true as the best version of the 
Sensual Repression via the 80s. This is a nostalgic bit of filmmaking from the 80s. The sights and sounds are inimitably 80s. However, this is sort of an enigmatic film. 
Finally!!!. Thank goodness for Anchor Bay, Blue Underground, Shriek Show, and now, Dark Sky Films. Though the horror genre would truly be in a sad state if not for the 
Definitive portrait of Robert Kennedy. I have read just about every book and watched just about every movie that there is regarding Robert Kennedy, and I ve got to say 
Nice boxset but the packaging! Ugh!. I won t go on about the contents of this nice boxset as it has all been addressed already, but I thought I should 
Terrorstorm should wake up the conspiracy deniers. Terrorstorm is an important and courageous film whichshould wake up the conspiracy deniers from their mainstreamtrance.Like holocaust deniers and mafia deniers,conspiracy deniers dangerously 
Very Enjoyable for the Whole Family!. I was not really a Jennifer Hewitt fan but my kids and I started watching this series and we are hooked! There is enough 
A PASSIONATE VALUER!. Kevin Sullivan s TV movie Anne Of Green Gables is as unusual in theme as it is beautiful. On the surface, this 4-hour adaptation of Lucy Maud 
Fascinating ghost story with plenty of twists. 4-1 2 Stars. I was actually surprised at how well I liked this movie. I am a fan of the 60 s through 
Something to learn from. I first saw this movie during Christmas of 2004. Then I saw it again a couple of days ago. That was a time when I was 
larry. ripped pantsjellyfishingF.U.NSB-129texassomething smellsdying for piewormythe graveyard shiftclub spongebo  
Brilliant acting by Roth and Ormond. I stumbled upon this video very late one night about two weeks ago, quite by accident. I was drawn in immediately and held absolutely 
Battle Royale. Fast shipping, and arrived in great condition, I am extremely content with my purchase  
Arguably Oliver Stone s best film. Wall Street is the story of young, naive stockbroker Bud Fox Charlie Sheen who is too impatient to go through the right channels to 
NOT BAD - NOT BAD - NOT BAD - ACTUALLY-------. With the title Shoot to Kill -- I was waiting for Jonathan Knox to pull out his rifle [like in 
One of John Wayne s Best Performances. This post-war made film 1951 about WWII is rather retrospective and honest in its telling of the tale. Wayne is very good here 
The History of Goku s Pops. DBZ is one of those mainstream anime that has been able to reach a huge audience of people, namely for its past run on 
Excellent movie. The one line in the movie that made it a hit for me was, you are worth it. After that, I just sat back and enjoyed the fun 
The film is not perfect, but very interesting. Combining different elements of giallo in a highly rational way for sure is strange and disorientating. If you want a mind-puzzler, this 
Quirky and bizarre. Bottle Rocket is not a movie you re going to like. Trust me, you ll probably hate it. It s comedy is not over the top funny, 
Can I give this film 6 stars??!!. I have always thought of Diane Keaton as one of the best actresses out there, but her talents are also in directing. The 
Mansur s Chappelle Show Season 2 Review. This season was off the hook! I couldn t believe how hilarious it was. I was laughing like crazy on almost every sketch. 
HOUSE OF CARDS. I found it amazing that this set has not been brought more obviously to the attention of the American viewing public, at least those of the PBS 
Dana Carvey s best film. Dana Carvey plays a small time conman named eddie whos about to hit the big leagues. He breaks into a house and is mistaken for 
Book & Movie!. The Firm,it`s a great story, and an amazing movie.i`v read the story, and just now, i watched the movie. it`s great to read the story and then 
A must see for music history buffs. The Red Violin is an awesome experience for the lovers of music and history. The scenes, costumes and interplay between the past and 
Quick and effective!. I just bought this one recently and tried it today for the first time. I did the first two segments for a total workout of 20 minutes.It 
Loan sharking, movie industry? Same animal!. If you take your humor blackGrab your Kona and sit backWatch Chili Palmer work his hustleAs Ray Barboni s hired muscleHe s looking for 
Terrific dance video and great exercise!. I bought this dvd because I was out of shape, looking for some variety in my workout routine, and because it was so well 
Four soldiers of fortune on a rescue mission...with a professional code of honour!. The ProfessionalsI recently watched a rerun of this entertaining action-packed movie on cable TV. I remember I 
Amazing!. I was totally amazed with this movie experience. Piccadilly was released in l929, just as talkies were coming into vogue, but when you watch this beautifully restored movie, you 
Great Intertainment!. Great Plot! A crooked president who only thinks of himself and his needs; a good hearted man named Dave who thinks about others, and the only thing they 
How far would you go?. Personally, I don t think I would resort to murder, but for the four brothers in this movie there was no doubt how far they 
FROM THE BOSTON TEA PARTY TO PAUL REVERE S RIDE JOHNNY TREMAIN ENTERTAINS!. Johnny Tremain is among the most entertaining historical films ever produced. Disney s American Revolution films, such 
A Christmas Classic. I am so happy that I found this Christmas Classic, The Year Without A Santa Claus on DVD! It brings back so many wonderful childhood Christmas memories! 
bad rap. I read some of the revues and was a bit apprehensive about purchasing this set. However, after purchasing all of the other available sets, I think Vol.3 definitely 
1 of the Best Gay Films Ever. ...thanks to a stellar cast. It`s sad, humourous, cynic... but all in all... It isn`t difficult to fall in love with the main 
A Great Christmas Story. My daughter read this story in 2nd grade and now as a young working professional enjoyed it all over again. There is a lesson to be 
Different, but good entertainment. This is an entertaining movie for SCI-FI buffs,but still has a silly and comical kick to it as well.  
FACING THE GIANTS. This was an old movie and I was excited to be able to get it.I have watched it at least 5 times it is a great movie 
Bringing back childhood memories. Really enjoyed this serial. I m 56, and can still remember going to the Pitt theatre on saturday mornings to catch the serials. Watching the Phantom 
Wuthering Heights. It is one of the best movies you will ever see and one of the greatest love stories of all time. The passion is breathtaking without being sexual 
&quot;THE MAN&quot;. If u want a hella lot of good movies then buy this set. Thats why i got because al is the man. So many good roles, not all 
Amazing, Exciting, Heartbreaking--Just Don t Call it Inspirational. Murderball is a documentary about the US Paralympic Rugby Team and their quest for the 2004 Olympic gold medal, and its also 
Excellent. This is an excellent movie about love and how easy it is to fall in love, literally  
found it at last. my wife has always talked about this movie she saw when she was still young. she was not sure what the title was but remembered that 
Great episodes. HelloI am really enjoying these releases. Only 1 complaint. There is over 190 episodes to be released. If Lions Gate continue at this rate, it would take about 
funny movie. next friday was so much better than the first one. with much more funnier scenes. and this movie is reccommended for everyone  
Great video. My kids age 2 and 5 love this video. They both want to practice fire safety now and are much less scared. It is a good platform to 
Great Movie, But Rather Violent. I and my children loved this movie, however I d like to caution parents who have smaller sensitive impressionable children. The movie has quite a 
Below the Radar. Many people have never seen or heard of this movie, but it s great with a killer cast  
Beautiful!. Many say that books are always far better then the movies. I agree with this. I read the whole entire series; from Anne of Green Gables to Rilla of 
Stiff Upper Lip Action Adventure. ZULU is a good stiff upper lip Military action adventure film directed by Cy Endfield. The battle sequences and their buildup are spectacularly staged. This 
A tangled web of breaking social codes. This was Winslet s pre-Titanic post-Heavenly Creatures film baed on the Thomas Hardy novel. It s a story with very shocking social themes 
One of the best movies ever made, one of the best DVDs ever made. Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid is one of the best films ever made and Fox 
IT S NO &quot;ANALYZE THIS&quot;, BUT FUN ROMP THRU A DOOZY SITUATION. Witty theme, darker than you d expect and with some dead-serious undertones Burt Young s character, for example, 
 We re on the island of misfit toys..... . He s not just a misfit you nitwit! Go Rudolph and Herbie  
A Good Movie. Like Halloween 3, people were disappointed that the famed killer doesn t make an appearance in the film, but people also forget that the original movie didn 
Still an unbeaten classic. Still a favorite movie, the story of a small-town couple trying to break into the big time in the big city. Jack Lemmon is George, seeking 
wonderful Crawford and Huston. the first time i saw the film was when i saw it in the sale in virgin mega stores.so i picked it up and put it 
are you next?. Joanna Eberhart has decided to get away from the chaos of the big city and moves with her husband and kids to the town of Stepford. at 
An Original Nail Biter!. This is, in my opinion, the best movie of Summer 2004! Way better than that overrated Dukes Of Hazzard [...] of a movie. This is a 
My favorite. I ve watched all seasons of the Gilmore Girls, and while I enjoyed the first season and managed to live through the Jess seasons, I found season 4 
Rebus DVD. There is nothing like a good British mystery. The Rebus series of mysteries is full of twists and surprises. Rebus is very believable and homespun and quirky. Great 
The Bosnian Apocolypse Now!. One of my half Serb, half Croat friends recommended this movie to me. This movie really paints a picture of life surrounding the 93-95 war. It 
Best actress, best picture. I very happily give this movie 5 stars. It is wonderful. Barbara Stanwyck steals the show with her wit and her charm. She s amazing. The 
BRAVO!. I really don t know what I could add -- especially to the cogent comments of earlier reviewer Ms. Anna Wolfson and Amazon s own Mr. Joe McLellan -- 
Steve is great!. I agree with the comments about bad musical arrangement in Beacon Theatre , but the band is 50 times better in BT than Pull Over . Russ 
great. An absolute absurd, ridiculous and fun movie. Elizabeth Shue at her most beautiful, clever, if silly, script and not even bad filming. All in all. Great popcorn stuff  
are you ready to SLAM?????. Ok, I just got into slam recently... I live in Rhode Island so I am very into the Providence poetry scene. This documentary is wonderful 
It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again. I can t believe I never reviewed The Silence of the Lambs yet, simply because it 
Awesome movie. Great movie with an awesome cast. It is a great portrayal of historical figures with a great story line & cast to carry the film  
A Must Have... Great Movie. A must have for any fan of gangster films. Check it out..  
Hitch. This movie was hilarious! Although I thought with Will Smith in it, it would have been a little better. I would definitely recommend this movie to anyone who wants 
Excellent story, score, setting, & actors. I ve had the VHS tape of this for years & I pull it out everyonce in a while to view it again. I 
Good movie. Was a great movie watched it with my son. And really is entertaining for adults and children  
Kind of Makes Me Wish I Had A Sister . . . Foremost, I gave this film four stars because the end-product is pretty impressive considering the fairly scant budget 
Mao Tse Tung. A&amp;E Bibliography captures the essence of Mao s life and the chinese people of his time. This video provides insight into China s communist government and the 
Very interesting movie about a true story. I think this is a fascinating movie. It is based on a true story and I think it should be watched because it 
 I m Sorry I Just Do Cigarettes ~ The Quest For Immortality. `Close your Eyes released in 01 is an expertly crafted occult tale dealing with the possibility of 
A pleasing little English comedy from the middle of the Ealing pack. With a little stretching, Ealing Studios traces its origins to a studio set up in London in 1896. 
It s almost time to lock up the house and then your party will really begin. I wonder how it will end... This was a very good movie that I 
A Cool Masterpiece!... It was really a pleasure to see this DVD and realise the renewed personalities of drummer Roger Taylor and guitarist Brian May. If you remember after that 
Brilliant. One of the best movies ever.Val Kilmer and Micheal Douglas were a fantastic  
Judy Davis is INCREDIBLE!!!!. Ms. Davis gave in my opinion a flawless performance. I have seen this movie many times and Judy Davis portraying the incomparable diva, Miss Judy Garland, 
Way Ahead of Their Time!. The content this DVD brings to the table is absolutely hilarious. Rodney does small stand-up bits in the beginning and then introduces a killer line-up 
Don t Bother With The Miramaxe Version. One in a long list of films that have been butchered by Miramax in an effort to make Hong Kong films more palatable, 
Amsterdam!. Yes yes yall! This was a goodie. Luda out there In the dutch capital. Puff puff passin! Kickin It with the fine working girls of amsterdam. Doing It up 
Love and Basketball.....love love love. I really love this movie. I can totally relate to the feelings between these two people, especially since she waits for him all of those 
One of Manilow s best!. I saw this performance on PBS & loved it, so I was very excited to a copy to watch at home. Each song takes you 
Nemo. Great, fun movie for all ages. Especially the kids. Hard to find good movies for kids like this, let alone adults  
A feast of colour and fun. FANTASTIC!. The hugely talented director, Gurinder Chadha of Bend It Like Beckham fame has excelled herself. I never expected to enjoy this film so 
20th C. Fox, What took you so long?!. You either love the movie or you don t. If you re a VoD lover, the Special Edition 2-disk release is worth 
Trans-Generational Idea. I m 54 years young. Some of my more vivid childhood memories are of huddling on the couch at age 5 or 6 and watching things like One 
Loved it. My husband and I have been together since we were 15. So we have had some ups and downs in our relationship. Whenever we have a down we 
Consider it art. Heaven is a fantastic film filled with beautiful air shots and tear jerking suspense. This film is art at its best! I am quick to judge and 
Great movie. This is a great movie and one of my favorites. I watched this movie back in 2002 and bought it a couple of months ago when I saw 
Have DVD, will watch. Simply great television from the fifties. Richard Boone was never better than as Palidan. You get some really superb writing from many of the best. Gene 
REAL DREAMS OF BASKETBALL HOPEFULS. I love this movie. It s a true look at what is really going on for two young kids trying to do something with a 
Great Movie. This is one of the funniest movies I have seen in a while. While I can see some people not being drawn to the absurdist humor that makes 
Judith Brown & Pam Grier!. What a combo. Ladies in Prison movies is the best idea next to breast implants, and we all know Pammy don t need those. Nudity, 
The Power of Song as a Gateway of Understanding. Writer director Christian Carion Une hirondelle a fait le printemps aka The Girl from Paris is unafraid to write and create 
Great Movie for the Cougs. Any movie which contains the fight song of the greatest university on the face of the Earth, no doubt, is worth five stars if not 
A Great Portrayal of Life on the Seven Seas ca. 1805. This movie was a fairly realistic representation of life aboard a British Navy ship in the Pacific Ocean west 
If you like pick-me-ups, skip this. This movie excellently explores the psychology surrounding trauma. The acting is superb and the tone is perfect - if of course you don t 
A great movie. I my self i like the movie.it was good from start to the in .good docmentary for any one to relate when they where young.and the kids 
Rediscovered for the First Time. I had seen a brief bit of this when I was younger and always wondered what movie that was where a guy just sits there 
Another take.. This is a TRUE GEM of a DVD I used to watch this on LASERDISC yeah those things when I was a kid. I used to watch it 
Eddie Murphy s film debut. Eddie Murphy s popularity on NBC s Saturday Night Live led to a film career. The same applied to his predecessors such as Dan Aykroyd,the 
Love eventually conquers all. Gene Tierney stars as the young and attractive Ann Sutton, wife of a wealthy and prominent Los Angeles psychoanalyst in the worthy Otto Preminger directed tale 
Tense, and unpredictable. This was a good movie, and I don t want to ruin the ending because it should be a surprise, as I was. It s about a 
Scary, Original, Fascinating. Flatliners is a horrific exploration of after-death experiences, directed with taut suspense by Joel Schumacher The Client, Batman Forever, The Lost Boys . It s about five 
a world war II thriller that delivers the goods. this is an exciteing war thriller of the behind enemy lines missions movies,only the people going behind the lines are germans. 
A spectacular documentary. The details that Amazon.com has on display for this DVD has several mistakes in it. Their list of the running time being 120 minutes with 30 minutes 
A nice sampler of very early films. Although some of the films on here do overlap with some of the other early film DVDs out there such as the Edison 
Pretty Good Snake Flic.... Kidnappers hold boy and family hostage in their English townhouse. A foolproof plan has been set up. But there s just one little catch! A venonmous 
Do you have a moment for a little Chit-chat?. This is a great overlooked movie, for the sake of movie. Cinematographie, scenes, locations, all beautiful.Stallone and Bandaras are a hoot. 
The gang s all here. Well here they are - all four of the Batman films made circa 1989-1997, all of them slicked up with trailers, audio commentaries, archive interviews, 
One of Tom Hanks Funniest. This movie is great! Very subtle humor but if you watch it you will be laughing out loud. Love it  
Great remake of a disappointing orginal. This is just another great remake of a very unscarey orginal. I have seen them both and think that this one is far superior. 
luminousity on film. I will go out on a limb here and declare this movie the most heartbreakingly beautiful film I ever saw. I went to see it when it 
Good for a movie. If you have read the book then you will probably be disappointed in this film due to how they change the plot to git in the 
Could very well be Brad Pitts Best work!!!!. As much As I would love to give Brad Pitt all the credit for his outstanding performance in this movie, I just 
A must have for metal fans. Highly recommended! A fun and entertaining DVD from beginning to end.Disc one has full length live performances from many of the tour s bands. 
You will either love it or Hate it. People who watch this movie either love it or hate it.  
More here than can be grasp in one viewing. I found the movie as accurate as can be imagined. Having lived through the experience as a veteran of the cold 
A great tool to learn how to knit. Excellent dvd. I thought I was knitting ok and then made myself sit down and watch all of this. Well, I learned 
Must watch for all Americans. Anyone who owns stock in any company should watch this documentary. It will show you what monster you re feeding. Furthermore, it is wonderfully produced 
Love both of these workouts. I am taking yoga classes but wanted to do more at home. I found this DVD and LOVE it. Sarah is an excellent instructor. She 
From a Novice. I have been using this DVD for about 6 months. I have tried a variety of Yoga and Pilates DVDs but this is my favorite. It takes 
brilliant! - so good you should NOT buy this DVD!. This is a brilliant film by a master filmmaker storyteller. Dark, moody, exciting and FAST! , THX-1138 is an amazing 
Unfortunately, a key missing scene. I don t understand why this version cuts out the key scene in the church were Sean Connery stands up in his pew and challenges 
Better or Best?. A very good video even though it is not scripturally correct in a few places. One has to remember that it is based on a novel and 
Only Bergman could produce such despair. Hauntingly depressing Bergman film about three sisters, one of whom Harriet Andersson is dying, while the other two Liv Ullmann and Ingrid Thulin stand 
Bear Rocks. Bear does it again teaching children the shapes, sounds, & colors while entertaining at the same time. This is a good way to keep you child busy while 
I was there!!!!. The BEST honeymoon anyone can ever have and truely the best music festival I have attended. I enjoyed the song selection and the behind the scenes interviews 
Planet Earth -Mother Earth. What a great work of love, of craftsmanship.This is spellbinding, in the truest sense of the word. Once you have started viewing this fascinating work of 
Season two delivers more fun and more twists!. If you loved the first one then you ll most likely want more! The show is incredibly addicting, because it s so 
Second World War - the Soviet point of view. An excellent movie ! You really feel that you are there in Stanlingrand. Superb performance by Jude Law and Ed Harris. 
A superb, easy-to-follow resource for both individual study and physical education. Youth athlete coach Marty Schupak and the Youth Sports Club present 34 Soccer Goalie Drills, a no-nonsense DVD guide 
Funny but true. Loved this movie...this is a perfect movie for what s going on in America right now  
Elephant Walk. It was a long time since I last saw this great movie and it was a pleasure to again watch it and bring back memories of how the 
Would have been a 5 except for the LAME commentary. If you like Lewis at all...even if you dislike his films...this is one that you may be able to enjoy. 
Male pregnancy has never been so funny!. TWINS director Ivan Reitman reunited Danny DeVito and Arnold Schwarzenegger with him for this film. Before I saw this film,I assumed it would 
Brainy Baby Right Brain. My son has grown up on Baby Einstein and was captivated by them but now that he is 22 months old and talking he prefers the 
Excellent early Fritz Langs. Both very fine films, and M is indeed the 100-minute version, not the 75-minute version listed on the case, so that s a bonus - and 
The Dirty Dozen. This HD DVD version does a great job at cleaning up the picture of a movie that is now almost 40 years old. This clasic was enjoyed, 
Golden Oldie. In the days of the Arcades there was a good movie that came out and funny enough had a great Arcade game called Krull. Now mind you, I 
Another Great 80 s Movie ;P. Girls Just Want to Have Fun is One My Favorite 80 s Movies,, tis Romantic,Dancing,Comedy as well,I Own The dvd,you Wont regret buyin it 
Engrossing from the first 30 seconds. Clooney is a marvel. This story was so captivating that I sat on the edge of my seat straining to hear all the dialogue. 
Emotional tour de force. Anthony Quinn is outstanding as the man who s place is taken by Jesus at the cross. It is a brilliant tour de force for the 
Very Important Pamela. VIP was the greatest show ever. mindless entertainment, campy action and good looking stars. Hopefully the other 3 series get released soon, I wouldn t hesitate buying 
All right, Mr. DeMille, I m ready for my close-up!. What a fabulous gem of a movie and worthy of a spot in every movie collectors library!! Sunset Boulevard was 
Before Ginger snapped, Lon Chaney Jr. was... ...The Wolf Man. Obviously, because this is a fourties movie, there wan t all the special effects that we are used to seeing 
A lot of pleasure and a lot of laughs. Amazon reviewers have already pointed out the dramatic change this show brought to sit- com TV. They have also indicated the 
This is the one to watch. Red Lantern is a carefully crafted story centered around a young woman named Songlian, played by the ever-brilliant Gong Li. Songlian s hopes and 
Cain Mutiny. The acting was excellent by all actors. You almost felt you were there.In an non computer age of fim making the special effects were realistic. and of all 
Exquisite. Make no mistake, this film is seemingly long and achingly slow in the positive sense of the terms : it would be deadly on a caffeine high or during 
Surprisingly Good Viewing. After having seen the Extreme Makeover program with demonstrations of the workout in generic looking gyms, I was surprised to see the beautiful Island of Maui in 
WOW, AMAZING EPIC!!. WOW!! I just rented this flick, and LOVED it!!! Great camera shots, good solid acting and cast, I thought Quentin tarantino , direct this jam-pack action, because 
A Look Forward Into The Past. This 1981 film offers an intersting glimpse into what is starting to become commonplace 26 years later. A company is having models obtain plastic 
Great series - amazing value. Anyone who does not own the Evangelion series would be well-advised to purchase this set. The original collection costs over 100, and suffers from numerous 
Delightful Film - Cher s Best!. This is a charming film with a great cast. The story is the perfect blend of bittersweet and endearing. And the countryside of Tuscany 
V - The Original TV Miniseries. Its a good thing that the old series is on dvd, and i am glad to get it  
Understated. I enjoyed this movie very much. True it s not a classic war film but it stands out among the run-of-the-mill TV type of fare. The ending was curiously 
See this in it s original French version, if you can. If you haven t seen this in the theatres, you are really missing out. My daughter and I went 
Well... There was a ton of hoopla over this movie, and I just don t get it.It is okay, a decent modern film...I just don t think it was so 
Real men, not props, a great, gritty, marvellous film. This film is hilarious, moving, exciting. Here the men are not backdrops to beautiful women. This is the kind of film 
If you re a fan get the Aussie edition!!!!. I love this movie and I can t really add anything else to the reviews already posted. But I will say 
This helped when nothing else did!!. We tried so many things trying to help our speech delayed child. Nothing helped until we found this video dvd!! Now our child can 
The RNC , Arnold, and Me. While watching Arnold give his excellent speech at the RNC Republican National Convention a couple of weeks ago, I started to think about what 
HAIR RAISING FUN. THE BIG TEASE is the second movie I ve seen in the past year about a hairdressing competition. The other is the likewise little known BLOW DRY. 
Curb Your Enthusiasm - The Complete First Season. Even though the DVD contains only ten episodes we found the collection to be worth every penny. We watched them over the 
Jerry Seinfeld at his best!. This DVD was really funny! As a fan of the Seinfeld show and stand-up comedy in general, it was great to see Jerry return to 
It s Jake and Elwood!. Ah, The Blues Brother! A Cult Classic that tops the list!Our son owns a much viewed and enjoyed VHS tape of the Blues Brothers. One 
Steve is hilarious!. Steve Martin at his best on SNL. His quick wit and timelesss comedic attributes make this one a no miss. The kids will want to watch King 
Great Time Saver. I love this tape because you can do seperate segments that are only 10 minutes each. You can hit your abs while waiting for pasta water to 
Carole Lombard in elegant Depression Hollywood. Universal Home Video does so many things that film collectors hate, including no labels on disks and no bonus material, like Warner Home Video 
A Russian Classic Comedy. I have read one negative review about this film and I would like to clarify the statements made in it. I am Russian so, obviously, I 
Very nice family watch. Big Momma is back and he s better than ever before!Martin Lawrence steps back into the fat suit and seems to have perfected his role as 
 If you were a man I d punch your dirty face in. . D.O.A. 1950 is one of those films I try to watch about once a year a 
Beautiful box-set. To any giallo fan, this stunning limited edition box-set is a must have, mine arrived today so I have not had time to view the two films, but 
A romp thru an Era. I am not sure one would have to have lived through the Cole Porter, Rogers & Hammerstein, Jerome Kern, Hoagy Carmichael era to fully appreciate 
Scarlet and the black. A wunderfull film, a good an true story. It s so sad that there is no german sound, for me and my family are living in 
Great Movie. From the moment the stuffed dead rabbit ripped the nails out of his paws and spit them out I was hooked. This is a hilarious movie. Even more 
Review for Image Entertainment s DVD of Caligari . I ve seen this movie from time to time since about 1970, but, with Image Entertainment s DVD, I feel like 
Some Sudanese boys view of America. Fascinating!. The young boys of the Dinka tribe in the Sudan herd goats. That s why they were not in their village when the 
School Sports Needs to Be Reexamined. I watched this movie in the theatre in 1999 and have to say that it was a good movie. It made me cry a 
Best Movie Ever Made. Major Payne is the greatest comedy movie ever made for all age  
Tantalizing Tina Times Two!. Both of these concerts serve as amazing recent chapters in the long, impressive performance history of Tina Turner. The voice, the legs and the energy have 
Terrific Edition!!!!!!. The ultimate edition of this movie, lots of extras and the image and sound are great  
Great old Arnold Schwarznegger Movies!. An untypically good barbarian guts & glory, muscle & mayhem, treasure & trysts duo of films!, Arnie does a bang up job in this the 
SO THIS IS FILM NOIR... Rarely, at my age, does a 5-star drama get past me that has been out for 57 years. Well this one did. Seeing it for 
Travolta does it again... ... he battles against the greatest obstacle an actor can face and almost pulls it off. What s that obstacle? you ask. Well, it s having 
Very good. I will buy this movie on DVD. They said it was supposed to be like Mean Girls...which it didn t quite live up to. However, I felt good 
Best TV drama. If you are into politics and drama of the cerebral kind, then this is for you. In my mind this is one of the best to date. 
Act as though you have faith, and faith shall be given to you. His words to the jury, a petition for strength for them against great odds, for himself against 
Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House. A great old movie, probably not unlike building a house today except a lot cheaper. Lots of dry humor which I really enjoy. A 
Christmas at the Biltmore Estate. This video was absolutely marvelous. Eveyone should not only enjoy Judy Collins beautiful voice, but the beautiful Christmas songs she chose to share with everyone. 
Funny Farm. Another great film by Chevy Chase. The entire movie provides laughs and lite entertainment. Great for all ages  
South Park - The Complete Sixth Season. excellent stuff. what can i say about it to sell this to you. its southpark. its hillarious, its politically incorrect, it rocks. buy 
gymkata its unique. a dvd that was long overdue a mix of martial artsand gymnastics far as i know there is no other movielike it which is a shame imagine 
Sally Field At Her Best. Sally Field is a wonderful actress, especially in a comedy such as this when everything goes awry with her romantic life  
Great workout!. I love all the Ellen Barrett workout DVDs and use this one regularly, switching days with the burn & firm pilates--also a great workout! She is easy to 
one of my favorites. This film is one of my all time favorites. I think it s because these kids remind me of my friends and I as kids - 
A cheap price to pay for memories. Staying over at my house in high school almost always meant The Wall would make its way to the VCR. Not only because 
GREAT MOVIE!. I am amazed at all of the people who didn t enjoy this movie. My boyfriend and I laughed the entire time. I thought this was although not 
Money can buy this Gift. Money Can t Buy It alone is worth the purchase of this DVD, which makes a great Gift  
If You Give Metamorpho a Surprise Birthday Party-Please Don t Invite these People.... Yes People. I finally arrived to my castle in Scotland. Somewhere in Rhodes- but don t ask 
Best Show not on TV. It s too bad the TV viewing public is more satisfied watching According to Jim than a truely great show like Arrested Development. AD is 
Enjoying the set very much. Where s seasons 2 & 3?. I wish more people would purchase this wonderful set so we can get the last 2 seasons released. It 
 Harry Jackson, a cowboy singer and a painter... . Great inside look at some legends from our youth. Those were great times in which to live. There was so 
Give us Cambridge Spies: the Moscow Years !. This gripping, well-acted film launched me on a reading odyssey, beginning with Philby s My Silent War and including Seale and McConville 
Entertainment at its best!. 11:14 doesn t try to be too smart and delivers just what the audience wants: great entertainment! With a star-studded cast Patrick Swayze, Hilary Swank, Barbara 
Underrated by Critics. Critics who were just trying to kill Slater s career as they do with many actors, actresses and directors rated this a horrible movie. But this movie 
One of the very best of the French New Wave. My life to live is movie which breaks all of the rules of movies... From the opening shots the darkened 
Brilliant film, brilliant acting!. I have never seen a Daniel Day Lewis film that wasn t a true piece of art. His acting is brilliant. Every role he plays in 
Yes, they messed-- but they did add---. I too was surprised that the new, improved DVD version of The Best of Eddie Murphy was not the same as my old 
Interesting movie. This is by far an interesting movie. I am a huge fan of Baum and the Wizard of Oz movie and my boyfriend bought me this DVD for 
DVD - The Forbidden Dance is Lambada . DVD arrived in perfect condition & the family enjoyed watching it.  
Awesome!. A large cast of well known actors such as Cicely Tyson do an outstanding job in this movie. Tyler leaves you with that warm and fuzzy feeling  
Basquiat a treasure worth owning. This movie has a wonderfully talented cast. Jeffrey Wright s portrayal of Basquiat is very subtle and quite moving and I enjoy taking in something 
Definitely Not Impossible to be Entertained by this Film!. M:I:3 had a tough year. It had a lot of difficulty being a satisfieing blockbuster for the moviecompangy Paramount. This had 
The best drama on television that never got the ratings it deserved. When Once and Again first began I dismissed it as a show for just women. But after watching 
Ciaran Hinds at his best. This film adaptation of Hardy s most seamless tragic novel is superb, with Hinds leading the way. James Purefoy is also excellent. Jodhi May has 
Loved it!!. I got the DVD for my birthday and absolutely loved it. I ve been a fan since the beginning and this DVD has put a goofy grin on 
 A young beautiful stranger washed on to our friendly shores with only death as a companion . Found this while I was browsing the cult cinema section. Never heard 
classic war drama. Excellent black and white british film! Had forgotten old movies were so interesting  
A sweet story that pulla at the heart strings. Calling all black sheeps of the family - it is never too late for your family to come around. In this 
Best Christmas Movie EVER. I really can t say anything new that hasn t been said about this great movie, except read Jean Shepherd s novels...you will get a whole 
A down-and-dirty Wild West story. Cocaine Cowboys is an aptly-titled 2-hour documentary about the cocaine economy which built modern day Miami. The documentary covers the flashiest crimes and personalities in 
A big adventure whetts the appitite of our little einstein. Our 2-year old daughter loved Baby Einstein and this dvd was plugged on those. We loved the fact it featured 
don t offer these women a cherry pie!. One has to wonder about Henry Jaglom s mother, when he dedicates a film about women suffering from eating disorders to her. 
 It s not like it s for life. . Middle-aged Parisian Jacques Jean-Pierre Bacri is recently divorced. The film begins with Jacques waking up in his apartment. The place 
One of the best movies ever made!. I laughed so hard, especially when the guy got stuck, that was funny!! JLH was awesome again!! This is one of the movies 
Garfield, Odie, John..Pookie!. If you love Garfield, then this is the perfect DVD for you. I found this DVD a couple of years ago, and just recently bought a copy 
At last on dvd. Thank you criterion for restoring and releasing some of the masterworks of this great director - i have waited in such anticipation for mouchette..Mouchette, it has 
Very well designed. This is the ONLY baby einstein video I have ever thought was educationally valuable at all I have a doc degree in child psych . I admit 
A Boffo Production!. This video is one of the most amazing performances i ve ever witnessed. This behind the scenes look at recording one of the best musicals ever with 
Wholly beguiling and never vulgar. Loosely based on the Little Red Riding Hood fairy tale and arguably the best thing Neil Jordan ever did, this film -- love it or 
My least favorite of the seasons but still worth it. I love this show. I started late watching it season 4 so caught up on it through the DVD s, 
Cute video. My kids boy and girl both love to watch this video...it has a lot of good footage of different types of tractors. I think it helps that it 
One of the representative and fantastic film of Akira Kurosawa. If you have never seen his films made in 1950 s, you should see them ASAP. You could feel his 
Intermediate Pilates users, delight!. Intermediate Pilates students will appreciate RAEL PILATES SYSTEM 17, which covers 17 poses for strength and flexibility. Ten additional poses are added to the basics: leg 
Excellent Movie !!!. No Wonder Michelle Rodriguez was recognized for this role, she was amazing. Because of the content of this moive, I m glad the director chose a local 
Tops notch portrayals of Holmes and Watson. Personally, I can t take seriously the old Basil Rathbone Sherlock Holmes movies -- although Rathbone was a competent Holmes -- because Nigel 
Beautiful footage!. Since this DVD is only 40 minutes long I passed on buying it, but it is absolutely worth the rental fee. The footage is up to the usual 
Yep, this one is a classic. The scene in the outdoor cafe is delicious and the scene in the fountain is now a standard see Boxing Helena . Fellini hit 
Haunted by the Past. Jack Nicholson knew no one could ever equal the masterpice of Polanski s Chinatown so he didn t try. What he did make when he took 
Great Treatment of an Iconoclast. Jon Lovitz was added to SNL right after a strong season. His troupe was castigated as poor in comparison to what had happened the season 
Must have for Jet-Li fans. Very,very good movie, on top of that it s a greatmartial arts flick. Any Jet-Li fan needs to havethis in their library.A different reversal of 
I HOPE THIS HELPS!. THIS IS A VERY GOOD MOVIE DO NO LISTEN TO ANYBODY INLESS THEY HAVE 5 STAR REVIEWS CAUSE THIS IS A VERY GOOD MOVIE  
Rome. What really good fun!! My whole family enjoyed these Dvds to the fullest. Really wonderful, with the feeling of Rome and a personalized view of the history. We often 
Good but start with season 1. Good season I liked it some of the jokes where no where nears as funny as the first two seasons but all in all 
Rare and unrare. Overall this is a great DVD for the HIM fan. I love it! Many hours of HIM videos and interviews, however, if you use a Playstation 2 
SCAM OR BE SCAMED. Holy cow does Amanda Peet look good or what, she does an excellent job on this film. Writer director producer Peter M. Cohen did a really 
Argghhhhh. What a wonderful twist on the classic Treasure Island. Silver is a cyborg and young Jim is a typical teen looking to find his place. Morph is a wonderful 
Lange at her best!. This has got to be the best adaptation of a play I have ever seen. I was a five year old kid watching this when it 
What s Better than a Spring Break?. Being on a Beach in the days of George Hamilton s golden tan! Great movi  
A Funny Funny Film. I didn t intend to watch this film. My family had just begun to watch it when I walked through the living room. I didn t 
Wigstock - A Love Letter to New York. Wigstock:The Movie is a colorful entertaining love letter to New York. It s all about drag, but it s also about one 
 That s when they call on me. Oh yes, name is Drake, John Drake. . Tighty controlled, these episodes are only 25-30 minutes in length, but retain the sound 
Go Toby!. This is a really good family movie!Great for anyone~~especially the Toby Keith fan!  
Very memorable. This movie was more than I expected. I was astonished at the amazing graphic and effects, and especially, the robots. You are kept wondering who the true villian 
I could not help myself from enjoying this movie - a total surprise. Something must have appealed to me about NEW YORK MINUTE for me to add it to my 
ROBERT Mugge, ROBERT Johnson... coincidence?. Finally, a real movie about Robert Johnson and the myths that surround him instead of a fictional &quot;Karate Kid At The Crossroads&quot; or a self-serving 
Very well made anti heroe movie. I was really surprised by this film. Its so good to see this kind of movies with such beautifull stories behind them.  
 yes,well we just went a bridge to far . this is a fine movie about the post d-day raid into holland that was to end the war in 1944. 
Beautiful Makarova, a chilly Dowell. Natalia Makarova defected to the West in 1970, and for ten years or so Western audiences were enchanted with her distinctly Russian style of ballet. 
Sad story, but in a feel good way. More than meets the eye. This movie may not be for everyone, but to me it s highly memorable.POSSIBLE SPOILER ALERT:This isn 
Intense and fraught with fear. Burt Lancaster stars in this tough, grim noir-drenched prison flick, in which a sadistic prison guard a young Hume Cronyn manipulates tensions and weaknesses to 
Great Concert Footage and Music. Haven t seen this since it was in the theaters almost 20 years ago. This is an excellent concert DVD. The documentary footage is the 
Entertaining Series. I was a fresh eyed reviewer when I popped in the first DVD from the second season of Family Business. Fresh-eyed in meaning I had never seen the 
Incredible results!. I rescued a 6 week old puppy about 5 weeks ago and this is the first training I ve gotten my hands on that works! I have read 
Not your average Hollywood movie. David Lynch has never been known to make movies for the masses. it seems like, you either love his work, or you hate it. This 
Not scary, but very entertaining. I didn t think it was scary, it s was kind of funny, I think it needed way more blood and killing  
Great Movie. One of Mel Brook s best movies ... a must have for any Eml Brooks fa  
Change of heart . . . This is a gently heartbreaking film set in Tehran, a city flooded with Afghan refugees during the time of Taliban rule in their homeland. 
Not as good as CSI Vegas, but better than CSI New York :- . Admittedly, I don t love this as much the original CSI set in Las Vegas, but 
Good setting and atmosphere of 1930s Shanghai violence. This 1995 Chinese film is set in the flamboyant gangster era of the 1930s in Shanghai. We see it through the eyes 
Its sad that the hell raiser debut and hellbound were the only great hell raisers. For Kirsty Cotton Ashley Laurence , the nightmares never end. Still fresh in her fevered 
The Self Delusion of Prevailing Ideologies. I gather there are some people beyond that darkness out there, but if I don t look you in the eye it s because 
More info on the SF Press Conference... ...can be found by googling Dylan Press Conference . Look for the Dylan Pool link. There you can access the pictoral article entitled 
Well Worth Owning. The Wedding Banquet received little attention when it was first released and for years was unavailable on DVD. Fans of director Ang Lee won t be disappointed 
Short, effective lower body routine... As Lisa Kay says, We have 30 minutes to shape your legs! This video definitely accomplishes that. Lisa is joined by 4 fellow Firm Master 
Disc 1 Rocks, Disc 2 is a Frisbee. From beginning to end this movie is captivating and engaging. The performances are astounding and the quality is unsurpassed. I had never 
Rooster Cogburn. Good scenery form Oregon, typical JW style, and typical Kate H. performance. Perhaps, too much violence in some places but also has good humor.  
I love it when a plan... You can tell which cars are marked for destruction probably the roll-over , the cutting torch is never adjusted right, the bullets fly and 
Two jive-talkin DVD s for one low price!. If you re a Bee Gees fan,and own a DVD player,this item is an absolute must! You d pay more if you 
 A Swallow A Makes Spring? An Admirable First Feature Film. OK, OK... So The French title doesn t translate well but the rest of the movie sure enough does!!!Computer 
Going to London. My fiance is just learning to cook and moving to London ... this DVD was the perfect gift since it gives the vibes of British culture while 
Came because of Sela Ward. Stayed because it was a phenomenal show. There are very few shows in my lifetime that I have been fiercely loyal to, but the now 
was surprised how good it is. saw this film a while back and it was a great one. especially for a direct to DVD film. awesome lookin shadow creature with 
Exotic world movies. French, Chinese, and Italian -- three different countries, cultures, and worldviews. Two tragedies, a romantic comedy, and a character drama. This is the &quot;Best of World Cinema 
Great bargain, but a mixed bag. This is a great bargain. Don t get me wrong! I would buy this again if it got lost. Can t beat the price 
Extras features a-list celebs and hilarious extras. Extras is the kind of show you sit down and watch and then when it ends you sit back down and watch it 
How Art Made the World. I just love it. It is a great review about art since ancient times through 20th century. If you enjoy learning about art you have 
Not one, but three versions of this story on this Special Edition. It s not until you are well and truly wading through the wealth of special features on the 
A DOUBLE KNOCKOUT OF A TRIPLE DVD SET!!!. I OWN THE BOX SET OF THESE MOVIES BECAUSE I AM A HUGE FAN OF MS. STREISAND S.EVEN THOUGH I M GIVING 
Holiday Romance. This is a great holiday romance with lots of old fashioned sentiment. I have seen it many times, but my parents had not. I bought it to send 
Great video!. I m not too sure why this video has gotten so many bad reviews, but we definitely think it is worth 5 stars in our house. It s 
Grisly Gore, and More... I m not a particular fan of the flesh-eating zombie genre, or Italian horror movies in general. They tend to be grandiose, floridly improbable, often ridiculous, 
Surprised. I was really expecting this to be more of a scandal documentary showing the missteps and lies of the current U.S. administration in regards to the Iraq war.It turned 
Just Plain Good. I can t think of any reason why someone wouldn t enjoy this movie, let alone dislike it. On top of its excellent cinematography and a truly 
Mike s Review of Kindred: The Embraced. This is a Great show. It s also based on a Great Game. Once you get past the first episode, with its horrid, 
Haunting Japanese anti war film!. At the end of the WW2, a survivor of a Japanese Command, follows his bliss when he takes a decision: to disguise himself as a 
Top notch entertainment. I could spend a paragraph or two telling you what the plot story of this movie is about. Or you could read any one of the hundreds 
THE ROAD IS NARROW, AND DOWN THE MIDDLE. The most unlikely of heroes, Romero, with owlish glasses and demeanor, is reluctantly thrust into a role much like Thomas More almost 
The Best Movie in the World. I saw this cinematic masterpiece with my French class, and we were amazed and utterly captivated by the lush story of French teenaged despair. 
Glad to have found this DVD still available. Was very happy to find this item still available on the open market  
Snake Plissken: A Real American Anti-Hero. Before there was RAMBO, before there was Austin 3:16, Disney kid Kurt Russell came into the scene to portray the coolest outlaw of the 
give it a chance. some might pass over this movie because of of the material on abortion, but I think that would be a mistake. True, there will never be 
MIGHTY NICE MONKEY BUSINESS. Sure, MIGHTY JOE YOUNG is a somewhat mushy movie. SURE, it has all the cliches you expect. Sure, some of the special effects are a little 
 Nobility Is Born In The Heart ~ The Greatest Mystery Of Life Is Who We Truly Are . After a cursory scrolling through the previous 190 reviews on this 
Amazing Mandy & Beautiful Bernadette. Georges Seurat was totally insane by the age of 32. Knowing that helps Stephen Sondheim s genius show through. Sunday in the Park with George 
SNL First Year. The original cast of SNL was absolutely great. We never missed a Saturday night watching the goofiest comedians ever on TV. We still remember many of the 
Episodes and Summaries. I have loved this show since I was a little girl and pretended that I was a Jeannie myself. Unfortunately, I never could manage to blink the 
Great Horror flicks. The 1st one is Excellent, The Second one is BLAHHHH but funny and fun to watch, the third one is better then the second one but not 
Dr Who?. I recall READING about Dr Who s adventures when I was a kid. That was about 14 years ago. I vaguely recall his travelling phone booth and the 
Informative & funny!. Good flick. Easy to understand. Even kids can watch it.I loan this to my architectural clients before they make decisions.It often prevents them from making unhealthy environmentally 
Hopefully, Blood Diamond Isn t Forever. Leo, Leo, Leo! Beside being the sign of my Month, this a name of a brilliant actor in this movie. He did one of 
On MY Top 10 List, funny!. Funny as can be!Bette Midler and Lilly Tomlin crack me up!! This movie probably never made big money at the box office, or won 
&quot;Sweet Ginger Brown!&quot;. I confess...I was neither born in the 40 s 50 s nor 60 s, however the thought of a more simple time and place still trancends even 
 A Five-Star Double-Rated Astro-Navigatrix . The 1960 s were an era of terrifically beautiful actresses, ranging from Ursula Andress to the starlets of Hammer Film Productions. Among the highest 
Great Wartime Movie. During World War II, there were a number of Hollywood movies made about what was going on the front lines. The basic purpose of these films was 
historical soap opera. I found this by accident but decided to watch it because it sounded good and i am always looking for something to watch. it is a great 
Great for any day,,,not just a rainy day!!!. First, if your child loves Little Bear on Noggin or Nick Jr, he or she will love this DVD, because it is 
2nd time around. This is not the type of movie that you can watch while distracted or doing something else. I went to the show to see this movie and 
The Next Set Of Pony Collections. Well, They ve Finaly Released The Next Set Of The My Little Pony Collection. This DVD Holds 5 New Stories Which Include:Flight To Cloud 
The Undefeated. I enjoyed this movie, a great group of actor s. A little taste of history, and beautiful country scenes through out. It takes you there  
Very good picture, showing what others do not... I personally think that this was one of the best Tupac Shakur documentaries out there. Its not like Thug Angel or anything 
On The Town 1949. New York , New York , its a wonderful town -especially when sailors Gene Kelly 1912-1996 , Frank Sinatra 1915-1998 , Jules Munshin 1915-1970 have a 
Fantastic !. What an awesome talent, I loved it, and put it on when I m entertaining friends  
Goodman is The Babe. I enjoyed this movie. Some of the reviewers don t understand this was not a documentary on the Bambino. This was a movie. The fine gentlemen 
Awesome. For the longest time we have had this classic on VHS. At last we have upgraded. The quality is phenomenal and let s face.... Who does not love Indy????? 
This pumpkin bites back. Pumpkinhead is one of those horror movies that didn t get much attention in the theater but took on a second life in video and on 
best season yet. I hve always loved vampire movies and books, even wrote some, but I have never been so captivated by a story arc. Well written, well acted. The 
Music Made It!. This was awesome mix of teen drama and music that was perfectly placed. The music made this movie for me and also the enduring troubled characters.It was 
an old time favorite movie. and who would think that Tom Hanks was that young just 10 years or so ago. Good family fun  
City of Angels Review. I love the product, it arrived in a timely manner and well packaged, thanks Amazon!Rubie OchoaHouston, T  
An offer you can t refuse. The GODFATHER trilogy needs no introduction. THE GODFATHER, released in 1972 and based on Mario Puzo s novel at one time the bestselling novel 
If you were a fan then, get ready to be a fan again!. Finally WrestleMania has come to DVD. While the WWE has really screwed up the current product, the 
The Marx Bothers Collection. The perfect companion to the Marx Brothers Silver Screen Collection.If you own one, you must buy the other. The genius of the Marx Brothers will live 
It s As Bad As They Say, And It s Hilarious. The Postman: A movie so atrociously stupid, so egregiously absurd, so stunningly idiotic, it is easily one of my 
 I feel like I ve been handed a new life. . What makes `The Talented Mr. Ripley stand apart from most other thrillers is that it s ultimately an 
More relevant than ever. An excellent film, Good Morning Vietnam, brings to the screen the story of a US airman that gets transferred from Crete in Greece to Saigon in 
Ginger does it again !!!. This is the third installment of the Ginger Snaps trilogy. I saw this one before I saw the first Ginger Snaps. I was impressed and 
A magnificent performance of Trane s masterpiece. Branford Marsalis new recording of Coltrane s masterpiece, A Love Supreme, is superb on many levels. If you re a fan of Trane, 
Physical Comedy At It s Best. This is indeed a great film for LN fans. Everything we have come to know and love about his movies are once again used 
BBC Comedy at its Finest!. I am hesitant to classify Father Ted as a Brit-Com, as it is primarily Irish actors and set on the Emerald Isle. It was a 
Iconic sci-fi action. A great movie. Buy it. `The Road Warrior , directed by Kennedy - Miller, and starring Mel Gibson, is one of those movies which seemed to appear 
A Seasonal Must For Every Family !. Santa Claus the movie is a huge childhood favorite of mine. There are not many christmas movies out there that tell such an 
good treatment of theme, slowed by tedious action scenes. I found this a surprisingly engaging treatment of the clone dysopian theme. I would have given it five stars if they 
Good for Review of the Basics of Grammar. This DVD takes you at a rapid speed through the basics of grammar. There are three more DVDs in this series that 
dvd availability. I m not sure about THE HILL, but the other 5 titles in this collection have NOT been on DVD--at least legitimiate disk. AIR FORCE, THIRTY SECONDS OVER 
Coming of Age Story!!. Very cute movie and a lot more fun than I thought it would be.Set in Britain, you have Jess, a teenage girl of Indian descent, keenly 
All my favorites on one CD!!!. I was hoping for this to happen one day and now is here! This is a great value CD with Kathy s best weight 
Bringing 1886 to the Modern Era of 1932. The outlandish nature of the characters in the 1932 version of the film adds to the charm of the piece. Don t 
NATE & HAYES - One of the Best Action adventures. Although not a Box Office Hit , this is one of my all time favorite movies. I have waited years 
Keep still, you young devil, or I ll slit your throat!. I must admit, this film was brilliant. I have never been so captivated by such powerful acting, intense storytelling, 
Aladdin is Diamond in the rough. One of the better Disney Classics... maybe the second most entertaining after the Lion King.This is the best plotlines that Disney has come up 
Dante s Cove. Two hot guys in love with a softcore love scene. This guy was trying to help his boyfriend to recover in a horrible curse of this hot 
SLOW BUT BRILLIANT. If you are looking into buying thid DVD, i would certainly recomend that you hire before you buy. It s one of them films where you either 
A Tradition in our home!. It s a ritual for my 5 year ld daughter and her dad to watch Samurai Jack before bed. Back when she was 3, and 
Great DVD. I Strongly recommend this DVD. Great 6 short but pretty hard workouts. Not a single second waisted. No annoying advertisement.Just straight to work on your abdominal muscles. Quite 
speilberg has scored again, big time!. This movie is a definate winner. Spielberg did a great job with this movie! I like it as much as his indiana jones and 
A fun Spanish dark comedy with strong women. Pedro Almodovar is Spain s greatest contemporary filmmaker. His movies are marked by strong women characters and a rich visual style. VOLVER 
So much fun I contemplated trying it!!. John and Jeremy party hearty crashing weddings, until, of course, the inevitable happens: They fall in love themselves.I watched this flick while planning 
A bit confusing at first, but then I got really into it. Awesome movie. Nolan is a genius. Mind-boggling thriller that changes your reaction since it s told in reverse. 
Rushmore. Another favorite by Wes Anderson. Mr. Anderson writes a great story and hires the right actors to make it work perfectly. This movie is the only one without Owen 
Arsenic and Old Lace. How can anyone go wrong with a Cary Grant comedy? He was dazeling, his supporting cast wonderful. A flat out good comedy with no bad language, 
Must see video on the hazards of genetic engineering of food. If you didn t know that 60 of food sold in North America contains ingredients of genetically modified plants 
Though not a masterpiece, a movie worth watching!. A very good movie, Kiss the Girls, sheds light on a series of disappearances of young girls in North Carolina.There are slight 
 Alex, I ll take No Friggin Way for 200, please. . Preposterous. Totally. Completely. Professional driver and transporter Frank Martin is one awesome dude. He can dodge bullets. Take 
Plus & Minus. It s one of those I don t know why I like it because I know most of it is horrible but I do like it somehow 
Totally stunning, poetry on celluoid!. Firstly lets be clear about thing, this is not a martial arts movie though it has some incredible martial arts scenes that will take your 
made me laugh. I ve enjoyed the black humor of the various Texas Chainsaw movies, but the gas was running out when this one was made. Still there are some 
Follows the story but feels like a drama. I studied Christmas Carol in school and to see it in a movie was excellent. The story was retold with accuracy but 
5 STARS: Truly Excellent Documentary - Stunning visuals; Shows what really happened during Operation Iraqi Freedom. Impressive!. First of all, it would appear that the reviewers who gave this wonderful 
For Your Princess. It s so wonderful to live in a time when Disney s strange behavior of taking their classics off the market can be circumvented by great Internet 
The original 300 with a bit less melodrama and a lot less blood . 300 Spartans is one of those movies that used to run a lot on Saturday afternoons 
Gret, but see this before the American Experience DVD. This is a great documentary about the Till case, as director Keith Beauchamp clearly cares a lot about this subject and 
Best childrens movie in a long time. If you like the Little Rascals from the old day you will love this new and improved movi  
great all around workout. love this workout,real combination of cardio and weights ,feel great when im done,as my strength increases I add weight and step risers  
Third Season, Best By Far. The third season is the best of One Tree Hill so far. It is in this season that you experience a world of heartache from 
Philosophical apocalypse or just carnage?. A beautifully animated anime, told with its own hypnotic type rhythm drawing you into the narrative. But what the hell is that narrative saying or 
A Mystical Journey for Love. I totally dig this movie. And, I m a big action movie kinda guy! C mon folks. It s not meant to be taken seriously. 
JUST DO IT. I REALLY DINT BUY DIS DVD.. I STOLE IT FROM SOMEONE..AND IT WAS WORTH EVERY SECOND OF THAT DVD FORGET THA QUALITY IF U ARE A BTNH 
Einstein s Big Idea -- a masterpiece of a documentary. What s most impressive about this story is the presentation of science as a human endeavor, undertaken by people who 
The funniest show in the history of television. The funniest show ever. Enough said  
Excellent Collection. SNL- 25th Anniversary really shows the best of the best. Running about 2 hours and 40 minutes long, you get the history of the show for sure. The 
Unforgettable... Good films are unforgettable... and here s one. On the surface it s a quirky little story about two Italian brothers running a restaurant in New Jersey in the 
Queer As Folk- The Fifth Season. I love this show and am so glad it ended the way it did. Look out for Rosie  
When the Surfers were good but not at their best. The post of Erik Denning pretty sums up what I want to say. We definitely have the same thoughts on 
An unconventional but undeniably sweet romantic comedy. It goes without saying - or maybe it doesn t - that this is not your typical romantic comedy. Most people fall in 
More great Columbo. Series 6 and 7 of Columbo contain some great episodes.Series 6 only had three episodes, but they are all terrific. In Fade In To Murder Columbo is 
Fistful of Dollars. Totally sweet. If you ever hear a negative review concerning this movie, it is undoubtedly a woman or a girly man afraid of guns and the use 
To be perfectly honest... I am 15 years old and I ve only seen this movie 2...3...4...times? Something like that. We have a crumby tape recording of 4 songs of 
well done work. I own love this Jurassic Park & Lost World Limited Collectors Edition Box Set,,It rocks :  
So excited... Finally this hidden 80 s movie is coming out! For some very cool reason so far 2 of my favorite 80 s movies are getting the DVD treatment 
Convincing and thorough anti-war journalism. A revealing examination of the Iraq war, with substantial support from Intelligence and military sources. It challenges the heretofore accepted accounts that bad intelligence led 
Pretty cute video. This is a pretty cute video. It s basically about Pilchard and Tommy the Tortoise so it definitely drags a little. My little one got ancy before 
Excellent performance by Streep. Since the late 70 s till the late 80 s it seemed that every other movie had Meryl Streep in it. She s a top drawer 
Cat DVD. Very good DVD. My cats really enjoy watching it and try to touch the animals on the screen. Music on it is also very good.  
Right up there with Office Space. I had very low expectations going into this movie, as it had Jenny McCarthy in it, but it was a nice surprise. What a 
It s great to finally have the original cuts on DVD, but are they really worth the 30 price tag?. Last month, Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment released the original 
Infinitely improved by being on DVD. Now that Rattle and Hum is on DVD, the brightest moments shine so much brighter and the low lights are eliminated through the magic 
I m Hooked... I am 34 and a chronic on again off again exerciser. Lately I ve been off and my flexibility has sunk to nothing. I would practically pull 
Trully Fantastic!!. Yes, I AM a Huge Pethead, well fan that is not [FAT]. These guys rise to the top - Every Single Time - EST. The fact that I 
Worth the hype. ok even for a guy, I thought the hype might be a little more than it was worth, but to my amazement I thought is was a 
The thing about physical comedy is... Before I watched this film I was not sure who Patton Oswalt was. I watch a lot alternative comedy like Mr. Show, David Cross, 
My little nit to pick... I think there s already enough reviews on this complaining about the lack of DVD features, the quality, and the awfulness of the movie that 
Amazing. This is one of my favorite movies ever. It really captures life in the 1800 s slums and you really get attached to the characters. There are parts that 
The Best For Last. I ll be brief. It s rare that a TV series has some of its finest episodes toward the end of the run, but DANGER MAN 
I ll have-a this one and he ll have-a that one!. There sure are an unusual amount of people from Ohio! I m 24 and just got the urge to 
The first Rock and Roll war... A great movie, loosely based on the Nam tour of the real Adrian Cronauer, as others have said.Adrian is a respected member of the 
Kyle s favorite. My 6 year old is non-verbal and a movie fanatic. He had Elmo s Cookbook years ago and wore it out - this year that was all 
Grandpa Can Still Rock!. What can I add to what s been said below? H. Laser has already said much that I wanted to say. My very tolerant wife bought 
The American President. This is a great movie - not the typical love story, but can easily adapted into our own busy lives. Michael Douglas as President and Annette Benning 
energetic movie with powerful scenerio. brilliantSurandon is captivatingTommy Lee Jones is ruthless in his rolethe movie has some funny scenestouching and sad scenesand is just an all out powerful movieThis 
My all time fav war film. It took me many years of looking but I finally found the film I had been looking for since I first saw it in 
A very serious and enlightening comedy. This is the perfect guide to understanding how every democratic government works. It makes you think of past and present political events. It is 
Knit Fashions in Motion is AWESOME!. The holidays are com n up and if you re looking for trendy project ideas to give as gifts or keep for yourself then 
Why all the hate?. Look obviously the person who wrote the review on how bad it is wasnt really paying attention to the movie. Snipes, and Harrelson are Transit Cops 
Great Movie, but it s sadly untrue in real life. Quite coincidentally, this movie was on television last night, right after I broke up with my boyfriend and he left. 
Must Get This. This documentary made me cry. It s an incredible addition to the Titanic history but also a supreme achievement in the world of documentary filmmaking. I just 
You can watch it over and over again!. Great movie about when life throws you lemons , you make lemonade . A wonderful story about a man not letting anything 
A good way to relax after fighting the forces of stupid. When I have had a bad day or I am feeling down then its time to get a Dirty 
Almost awesome!. This edition includes a song sung by Gerald Butler that was not included in the movie, in a mood not reflected in the movie. I think they were 
Brainless and Wonderful. I remember watching this movie in high school and absolutely loving it. I think there was a fair amount of squealing whenever Charlie was on screen. Watching 
Holiday Classic. I watched this movie as a child and now my children love it! The story is sweet, the music is catchy and the characters are funny. The bonus 
Adam Sandler shows surprising depth. Punch Drunk Love gave Adam Sandler a chance to show that he can play a serious role. There are plenty of laughs in this picture 
Michigan s Best Kept Knitting Secret!. Lori Sheffied is southeastern Michigan s best kept knitting secret! This knitting teacher extraodinaire has been teaching her knitting skills to those fortunate enough 
My favorite film!. This film only gets better to me with every viewing. And now, with this great new release from Criterion, I can see it in an even clearer 
fighting is alright,but Great story. they change the art, ken really didnt do much but I like there new style, I think its not about the fighting,but getting more into 
I Spit on Your Grave. This is an awesome movie. It is the ultimate in drama. What those men did to that lady , humiliating her the way that they 
Awesome. The other guys must be on a piece of crap computer,im on a 1.8ghz AMD sempron with 512 of ram,this game never hesitates.The game is great,VERY graphic,never seen a 
Heart-warming. This film warms my heart, makes me laugh, provides some good points for teaching and sermon illustrations. I am surrounded by people who have forgotten who they are. Tinkerbell 
good condition. I got the DVD on time and it looks as good as described  
A Massive Achievement. What is left to say about this remarkable film ? Make no mistake, Director Tim Hines is a very special talent. I should imagine Spielberg himself has 
Change of Seasons done very good!!. A Change of Seasons was a great movie! It was a follow up to &quot;Christy: The Movie&quot; and it details Christy s life durning 
A real tear-jerker. This movie was so very well done, and so very sad. It will reach-around from behind you and pleasure you in a way you didn t expect, 
Not Alone........ What a awesome movie!! Halle Berry gives us a unforgetable performance as Dr. Miranda Grey and Robert Downey Jr.! is excellent in his role as a fellow co-worker 
ER Meets Nip Tuck. This is one INTENSE medical show. The details of the medicine are as sharp and up-close as those in ER, and the personal relationships are as 
Entertaining. Life not typical of the Irish, but another Cillian Murphy movie who completely out shines Colin Farrell.  
I like it. Jack Black is truly a hysterical human being. Underneath all of the hilarious comedy there lies a message. Whether everyone agrees or not is optional, but it 
Good Workout. I like Kathy Smith alot and have been using her videos off and on over the years. This is a great low-impact workout. I like incorporating weights in 
The Platinum Group of Silly Symphonies. If you ve seen any of Disney s video compilations from the 1980s, then you ve seen these cartoons. That doesn t mean that 
PALANCE CREATES AN IMAGE !!. This movie is extraordinary as bible epics go! Really fine acting. The movie draws you in deeper and deeper as it moves along. One of 
Art is complicated. 4:02 PM - The 400 BlowsI finally got around to seeing a movie I bought called, The 400 Blows . It was said in an interview of 
Herskovitz and Zwick bring the drama of divorce to prime time television. I do not know if I can take another television series created by Marshall Herskovitz and Edward Zwick. 
Five stars--and not given lightly. The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp is one of the finest films ever made, period. Michael Powell, a top director 49th Parallel is at 
An Eclectic Collection of Horror and Sci-Fi. This is an excellent collection of four films, once late night staples, which have fallen into obscurity in recent times. There are two 
Second season even funnier than the first!. Little Britain s first season is funny in the vein of Monty Python but it s the second season where the series really 
Theresa Ann Savoy... ... Rocks my world. I purchased this video only because of the deliciously beautiful Ms Savoy, who played the emperor s sister in Caligula. The movie didn 
Gritty and realistic portrayal of the Civil War in Missouri. Ride With the Devil is set in an often-overlooked theater of the Civil War although the action there was as 
You Must Remember This.... My husband and I love As Time Goes By and watch it on BBC America almost every day. We see a lot of ourselves in Jean 
Bring It Back. If enough People love this show and buy the DVD they may bring it back Remember Family Guy And this summer, with the movie coming out it 
Verrry Funny specials you don t see in repeats. I ordered this just to see the QE2 episode my parents had talked so much about. These special episodes are seldom 
west wing season 4. Love it like the other 3 seasons I ve watched so far!  
A True Classic. This is one of the smartest movies made in the last twenty years. This may sound unusual since the title is Dumb and Dumber but it is 
A Comedy Classic. Robin Harris was an incredibly talented and funny human being, and this DVD showcases that wonderfully. This DVD adds to his already established reputation as a great 
who s laughing now!. To all the Stankees Fans: WHO IS LAUGHING NOW! RED SOX NATION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Veronica Mars - Best show ever!. This is my favorite show of all time, and I was extremely happy with my purchase! No one who buys this could be disappointed!!! 
A TRULY GREAT COMEDY!. Groundhog Day is a one of the better comedies out there. From the opening, middle and ending of the film, the viewer gets more than the 
A blade in the dark Macabre. This double bill from Anchor Bay is excellent both films are from director Lamberto Bava son of director Mario Bava one of the earliest 
Melissa Yvonne Lewis?. I watch this bec. or Melissa Yvonne Lewis, remember Joe Schmoe where she play the rich bitch, she did a superb job on that show, but on 
Ignorance is Bliss. This is a great movie about a much miss-understood subject. This movie seems strange even to me in its blatent acusations against American citizens of being Communists. 
In search of the populism as new!. The search for the forgotten average man as a publicity stunt require by a newspaper, and how backfired.A luxurious cast,headed for Gary Cooper 
MAGNIFICENT KUNG FU. Easily the best 70 s collaboration between Sammo Hung and Yuen Biao minus Jackie as far as martial arts goes. ZU WARRIORS takes the cake for spectacle 
GREAT ELTON JOHN VIDEO!. THIS VIDEO IS FOR ANY ELTON JOHN FAN! I SAT AND WATCHED THIS WITHOUT LEAVING MY SEAT. EVEN IF YOUR NOT A BIG ELTON JOHN FAN, 
This concert is incredible. This is a fantastic show! The staging and costumes are incredible and Kylie sings a TON of great songs from throughout her career. I looove this 
Excellent. James Caan is fabulous in this movie and Sally Field is very funny. The sets are wonderful, the comedy almost tongue in cheek but side splitting if you pay 
Excellent Movies. I saw Mission Impossible I when it first came out in theaters, and did not watch it again until I bought this double disk set. I enjoyed it 
excellent addition to the series. The Death Wish series is an interesting collection of films, featuring revenge Death Wish 2 , Death Wish 5 and vigilante Death Wish , Death 
A tentative review?. I shouldn t call this a review, really. I haven t seen this copy of The Church as yet. I have seen the movie a number of 
North By Northwest 1959. Cary Grant 1904-1986 teams with director Alfred Hitchcock 1899-1980 for they fourth and final time in this superlative espionage caper judged one of the American Film 
A Family Drama Set in a Courtroom. There are really two kinds of lawyer films out there; the kind that is about the trial and the kind that is about 
Infinite!. Lone star? Better make it FIVE stars for this cinematic masterpiece, a thoughtful sequel to Taboo: Parts I-XII.  
So bad it s hilarious. Let s get one thing straight. This is an ultra low budget movie with all of the trappings that come from that. It s Arnold 
An absolute gulity pleasure !!!. ReviewA gang of Southern California surfers tear up the waves, while enjoying the sun, sand and the sea. But in their spare time they also 
I LOVE LIL BOOSIE. IM FROM JACKSONVILLE FL AND WE HAVE BEEN REPRESENTING FOR LIL BOOSIE DOWN HERE FOR ALONG TIME. THE DVD IS GREAT. AFTER LISTENING TO ALL HIS 
 A Picture From Life s Other Side . It s many years ago that I read McMurtry s The Last Picture Show and it was one of the reasons 
The Boys Are Back... Eight years after achieving box office success with audiences far and wide, director Michael Bay and uber-producer Jerry Bruckheimer joined together with Will Smith and Martin 
This is a very good movie. I think that perhaps the people who reviewed this film negatively simply don t see it the way I do. I don t claim 
The Adventures Of Teddy Ruxpin Vol 2. Now on DVD. See your friend Teddy Ruxpin on He s great adventures with Grubby & Gimmick & his airship  
Nosferatu. Based on Bram Stoker s Dracula and Murnau s movie, the film is extremely beautiful and the sequence of the woman crossing the square where they celebrate a final 
GREAT WORKOUT!. I ve seen the Pilates infomercials for a while now, but have been intimidated by the seemingly impossible movements. When I found this inexpensive For Dummies DVD, I 
WEDDING BELL BLUES. A surprise hit that was nominated for Best Picture in 1994, FOUR WEDDINGS AND A FUNERAL is a marvelously performed romantic comedy. Hugh Grant is superb as 
EXCELLENT!. Definitely a great movie, Courage Under Fire, brings to the screen two stories as they unfold at the same time; a military investigation into whether a female officer should 
Reality really does bite. Gibson s portrayal of a rogue pilot out to make some money above all else sheds light on an all-too-familiar situation that befalls war-torn countries;Gibson puts 
FORT APACHE-THE GREATEST WESTERN EVER!!. I have another review of this GREAT John Ford classic under the John Wayne-John Ford Collection ,which includes eight 8 classic Wayne-Ford motion Pictures that 
Hysterical, Just Not The Full Episodes. If you want the entire story of each featured on here, then you ll be disappointed. If you want some of the funniest scenes 
A charme of a movie. I highly recommend this movie on a Saturday night with your partner cuddled on your side. It is sensual, suspenseful and entertaining. Ellen Barkin is 
Shockingly good sequel. Saw II is that rare movie that stays intriguing and believable the entire way through, while maintaining a cohesive storyline and gore to spare. The acting is 
The Special Edition treatment this film so richly deserves!. A DVD release of this film has been a long time coming with the studio waiting for Warren Beatty s involvement. 
Great soundtrack album to an unforgettable movie!!!. I am a huge fan of Bette Midler and thought her acting in this movie was sensational; I love the movie as well. 
The Rael Thing. I have been doing this DVD off and on for about a year now. Even if you do not complete the pilates demonstrated, you can breathe when 
Wow. What can I say that hasn t been said already? Final Fantasy 7 is a gorgeous work of art. The voice acting which wasn t implemented into the game, 
Quantum Leap- The Complete Fifth Season. I m a huge fan of the show. I m happy now that I owe all the series 1-5, and can watch them when 
Absolutely Amazing!!!~. This movie is a complex journey into the minds of the Wachowski brothers and how they have got the knowhow to put trilogy depth into one single movie. 
Awesome If it Were Available for Purchase!. I wish this were available for purchase. RE-visited this site several times in the past month or so and still not available. This 
Not just for fans of sexy pinoys. This flick surprised me. I was expecting acting along the lines of Macho and Midnight Dancers but these guys are really talented. What 
Fine acting, interesting, subtle. Personal Velocity: Three Portraits is a touching and beautiful film that manages to remain unsentimental. The three heroines are complex and believable, as are all characters 
A lot like Resevoir Dogs... First off I hate Eric Stoltz. I think he is a bad actor and has a horrible movie voice. He irritates me to be honest. 
Great for Core Strength. I have back problems and had therapy. This video is just as good as the core exercises I got from therapy. You will definitely notice a 
BUSKET. This film is so popular that I imagine there isn t much I can say that hasn t already been said. I will tell you that it is worth 
Simply Hilarious. This show, on stage or on DVD, never ceases to amaze me. I enjoyed watching it and it never gets old. some slight understanding of shakespeare helps to 
Great movie. I had to watch this in a college course i was taking. I enjoyed the movie. My Family Mi Familia describes the tale of three generations of an 
A life well-spent. Leonard Cohen s music brings together poetry, melody, sensuality and spirit in a way that hasn t been matched by any other performer i know. This movie 
SO much fun!. I just did this routine for the first time last night and I am hooked! The instructor is easy to follow, and I love that there is 
I just met a wonderful new man. He s fictional; but you can t have everything. Woody Allen s The Purple Rose Of Cairo ranks among his better films. The 
A little short for major benefit - just do it consistantly :-l. This is a 3 disc programme. The first two discs have 5 ten minute routines on them, each 
Bowie blows my mind. I m sort of an emerging Bowie fan... I ve only just begun to compile a collection...I found this DVD set at the video store and 
This is an excellent live concert of the fifties pop.vol. one of two,originally shown on pbs. This is an excellent live concert,volume one of two,originally aired on pbs...This concert contains 
This is the best of all the Twilight Zone Volumes. For those of you who are being selective in which Twilight Zone volumes you re buying; and, you plan on 
Remains A Great Movie. This is a wonderful film. Hopkins performance is a study in measured, method acting..it s one of the best performances I have ever seen on film. 
Letter to the President. its refreshing to hear the rap, hip-hop point of view. the prisons for profit are the crime of the century. its legal slavery...  
a joan rivers bio?. geez was joan rivers this tormented waaaay back then when she was young?i guess she got themback by marrying a rich guy, having a career and 
Fun for Lucy Lovers. It is a wonderful complement to my Lucy collection. The Tango scene is some of her best physical comedy!!  
Good Friends and Neighbors Separated by a fence. I love this wonderful Britcom and am glad to have acquired it, but it s beyond me why they released Seasons One 
REMEMBER OF DEATH... ... or remember that you ll die one day. This philosophical statement is rather useful for accepting life the way it is and generally it perfectly describes 
 You Can Make Amends... . First introduced in Buffy the Vampire Slayer as the doe-eyed vampire-with-a-soul, Angel quickly became a fan favourite, and was deemed a strong enough character 
Clever. I thought this movie was very clever - the plot was so out there...so many things had to happen for things to work out. I think the cast was 
A DIETRICH CURIOUSITY. An unusual film which will appeal to some for that very reason. The production values were obviously first-rate: the photography, musical score and direction are fine while 
Love this show. Ordered this season because of the good price at the time, and I saw the show on Tv when, by chance, I would catch it on. When 
This is great. This is a great collection. The Oliver Stone Collection it is extremely wonderful. I watched all of them. They all have great quality. I love Wall Street, 
Hot & but lean. Enjoy but keep the FF handy. Read David s review for great details I won t belabor . Here s the skinny:The production - looks & 
just wow!!. I love this movie. I saw it years ago and laughed so hard. I recently thought about and decided to buy my own copy and it was worth 
Garfield - The Movie. I purchased this movie for my 6 year old grandson. This is a perfect age for this movie. He has watched it over and over again. 
Nice Twist at the End. This movie had it all. suspense, very good humor, some action but the story line was pretty good. I don t see how some writers 
It is stupid really to accuse a film of not sticking to the facts of.... the novel when the story of the film which just follows the line of the 
Excellent Ali. After reading ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY S hilarious interview with Borat, I decided to give these DVDs a try.After just a few episodes I was laughing until I was in 
When Harry Met Sally for teens. Misery loves company. I became addicted to this quirky, somewhat surreal romantic comedy when a long term relationship of mine ended. To watch Freddie 
Best of the Wiggles Videos. We own a few of the Wiggles Video and Toot Toot is my son s favorite as well as mine. It is the most tolerable 
About time... Despite any errors on the cover of this DVD I enjoyed it greatly. It has been a long time comming that these very brave and loyal soldiers were 
A movie that makes you think... Little Children is a superbly written screenplay. Without having a network of overly-complicated plots or incomprehensible themes, the film is engaging and thought provoking. 
beauty and the beast! the most touching romance of all the disney princess collection. this si without a doubt the most moving of all the disney princess movies I ve 
A lost treasure. Stevie Ray Vaughan at Montreux is almost twenty five years old now, but it could have been filmed yesterday. His playing and delivery are awe inspiring and 
A Deep and Very Dark Western with a Message. Yul Brynner is a powerful and dynamic actor. He had donned the cowboy hat before in the Magnificent Seven but quite 
Passionate about skiing. &quot;The motivational dimension of &quot;Unlimited&quot; is equally powerful, as the DVD captures and presents the excitement and energy of our sport with a passion that makes you 
amicus anthology at it s best. this is the best anthology amicus ever put out and they were all good new doctor at an asylum must find out which of 
Must Have. We have every Einstein that has come out, but by far this one is my daughters favorite. Maybe because there are other children in the movie and she 
Still great after all these years!. Who knew that a kids movie made in 1979 would still be entertaining to me AND my two-year-old daughter many years later? With all 
justice league and jlu, the greatest animated series ever. the title says it all. compelling storylines, interesting heroes, everything worked great on justice league and jlu the only bad thing 
Wonderful Acting. The Animal Kingdom features one of the more shocking elements of the pre-code era. It revolves around a man, his former mistress, and his current wife. Leslie Howard 
The Real Chuck Berry Story. Very interesting You will learn a lot you did not know about this Rock n Roll legend.Some great performances and the one and only Johnny 
A deeply troubling and maybe brilliant film classic. D.W. Griffith s THE BIRTH OF A NATION 1915 deeply troubles me as a white caucasian. The opening and closing scenes hint 
Good Fun. Even if it s not necessarily the clean kind. I must say that I was slightly skeptical about how much I d enjoy this movie but it turned 
Trying to teach!. This is a great movie that I think is trying to teach the world that this kind of abuse does exist. It is very hard to get 
Early Teens Movie. This movie seemed a little cheesy to me, however, I do think early teenagers would like it. Anyone who has a younger or older sister can relate 
WOW. jAY z CLASSIC MOVIE RETURNS.. ITS AMAZING TO FINALY HAVE IT ON DVD.. ANY JAY Z FAN SHOULD HAVE THIS AND LOVE IT.  
Creative and daring---then and now!. Finally! I ve been waiting for years for this ground-breaking, ahead-of-its-time spoof of soap operas to appear on DVD. There will never be another show 
Filthy and Fantastic!. Gilbert Gottfried is a genius. THANK YOU for making a DVD that puts so many dirty jokes where they long--together! Of course I knew a few, but 
Sarah has become family!. By the time you watch all of these there are three Sarah and her bunch are family. You watch the kids grow up and there are 
Here Is A Classic!. In the midst of Widower Mortician? Colin Firth , Cedric Brown s troubles comes a frightful looking witch-of-a-nanny, hairy warts and all. With her stern-looking unibrow 
Better Than Average Suspense Film. Boy, there are a lot of jaded, really picky film fans out there. I don t understand why this movie got slammed so much but 
The Best Twice Over. This is a stellar version of a beautiful book, my very favorite in fact. Like most people, I am most often very disapointed when novels I 
YET ANOTHER FATAL ATTRACTION WANNABE. BUT, THIS WAS GOOD. A DEMENTED TEENAGER [ROSE MCGOWAN] FALLS IN LOVE WITH A TEAHCER. ONLY PROBLEMS; THE TEACHER IS MARRIED, SHE S A STUDENT 
Do you really believe in the perfect murder?. Do you really believe in the perfect murder? Tony Wendice Ray Milland , a former tennis player, does. That is the reason 
Goldie Hawn; simply delightful. Goldie Hawn in arguably one of her best films certainly one of her greatest performances of the 80 s .PRIVATE BENJAMIN is the story of a 
An Interactive DVD for Everyone. I have read only one Endless Quest book which was about 20 years ago. I read it so much it started falling apart. I have 
Amazing! Must See!. This is one of the best films I have seen in the past five years. Bill Sage is fantastic! He has done so much great work but 
Timeless Classic!. Nothing more to say, it s a great film, my entire family loves it  
great. i this a great deal, movie in great conditoin fast shipping. smiply great sevice  
THE BEST COMIC BOOK MOVIE EVER....... ONLY THE SEQUEL COULD BE BETTER. I loved this movie! Perfectly cast, great adaption to the comic book with many scenes visually right out 
Will be a classic for me. Based on the old tv show, Sgt. Bilko in my mind is one of my favorite movies. Steve Martin is an excellent actor and 
A Good Anti-War Message. You will find the acting a little corney at times but themessage of the horrors of war are there.  
The Pretender movies covers a lot..and still there is questions. The Pretender was a show that intriged and interested me. It was the Fugitive, part Quantum Leap without the Leaping 
A long time but worth the wait. I will agree that some special features would have been nice, but it is not enough for me to bump this down to 
hot Stuff. It is a tight DVD...opening scene is great with all the flshing and g-strings, cuts to some good makeout nude scenes in backrooms, with one crazy girl and 
Beautifully written series. Two minor complaints:#1 The picture quality of the first two seasons--while passable--could have been improved for some reason the picture quality on the third season is superior 
Excellent movie, finally on DVD!. This has long been a favorite of mine, and I am thrilled to see it on DVD. A totally opposite, non-Bond role for Roger Moore, 
Maybe it s because I m a Londoner..?. I love this film obviously being able to understand the dialogue helps a lot , to me it s the quintessential Brit 
Tha weside, only for true rap fans. Tha westside was a good attempt at making a documentary of the westcoast rap game. As a whole the film is sub par, 
You don t know the rules?!. Scream is a movie that doesn t let go of the thrills and nailbiting moments till the end. From the now Classic opening scene 
Garfield - The Movie. I purchased this movie for my 6 year old grandson. This is a perfect age for this movie. He has watched it over and over again. 
A film that takes you there............. Over the years I have worn out several copies of this film on VHS I have watched it so many times.I am so happy 
Camille Caudel. Perhaps the only sculpture movie I ever saw. Very French. She finally looses her mind at the end. Much angst  
Risque Rene . Allo Allo! Has been around since 1982 and has just recently become available in the USA on a decent media. This particular complete series one contains eight 
Awesome. A must have for anime comedy fans. Being a big fan of anime comedy the intelligent, yet lame humor I was eager to see El Hazard The magnificent world 
My kids can watch it every day, and I sat through it once!. My two boys love Bob the Builder and this is by far their favorite Bob the Builder 
A worthy buy for the Sealab fan and newbie alike. While I ll still go back and watch the first season quite religiously, the second season is just as funny, 
Fantastic Entertaining Western! One of the Best ever made!. A true Classic! Excellent story, fast paced yet, slow enough for the viewer to learn character development. In my opinion, it 
Meet Mycroft in excellent 4th volume of Holmes series. Once again, Jeremy Brett and David Burke are at the top of their game as the immortal Sherlock Holmes and Dr. 
Better than given credit, but not up to the other seasons. Season Five of The A-Team often gets bashed, and to some degree it s warranted. The A-Team joining forces 
pleasant, glossy romantic confection. THREE COINS IN THE FOUNTAIN is one of the more delightful romantic comedy confections from the `Golden Era of Hollyood. Spawning the hit single from Frank 
pure genius. I am a big fan of Trey Parker and Matt Stone, but it wasn t until fairly recently that I actually heard of this movie. After doing a 
Elegantly Debauched Life, Whimsically Portrayed Death. Through John Huston s directorial talents, the colors of Toulouse-Lautrec s palette are duly celebrated as he recreates the night life of fin-de-ciecle Paris.Our 
Friday. Looking forward to watching this movie.Rated R for pervasive strong language and drug use,and for a brutal fight  
great dance movie. This is a nice movie. Not an Oscar winner, but very pleasant and no sex a virtue shortcoming depending on your point of view . I purchased 
A good historic costume drama. This DVD is one of four in KINO Video s Lubitsch in Berlin series which is bound to become an integral part of our modern-day 
Beautiful and Tragic Love Story. I had a lot of expectations when I picked up this movie. I expected it to be a silly little love story, poorly written and 
The Best. One of the best shows produceed for T.V. Well written, sophisticated but not. Enjoyable on many levels and often inspiring. This show holds you from the moment the 
Stunningly beautiful and powerful. We just picked this up at the library as a family friendly movie. We are ordering it ASAP. I don t know how many times I 
Courtroom drama, sex, and murder! What s not to like?. This is a classic 1950s murder and courtroom drama flick of the first order. Jimmie Stewart plays the lead as 
the kids loved it. When my 3 daughters aged 6, 9 and 11 first got this video, they thought it was baby-ish - they even mocked the animal moves instead 
One of THE best American films of the last 16 years. Apparently Sideways is one of the many either love it or hate it films, this being cemented by the 
Dance instead of exercise!. I love this video! It s easy to learn the steps during the video but there is a separate section with the different steps if you 
How to remain young and vibrant. It was very informative. We watch it often because it reminds us of what we need to do continue being healthy  
Buy this for a good mindless laugh. One of the few times the sequel is better than the original see my review for the significantly weaker Road Trip , this 
One of the Best Movies of the 1990 s. It is a tragedy that Brandon Lee died while making this film. Had he lived, the Crow sequels would have been 
Gilligan s Island. I am a true fan of Gilligan s Island, even at almost 40. Every episode is terrific. One question: If I bought the whole season pack it 
It s a patriotic duty to view this documentary!!. 9 11: Press For Truth is one of the best documentaries made on this topic. Paul Thomspson the most thorough, honest, 
Flight of the Intruder. Great military movie. It shows what airmen during the Vietnam War or American War, if you re reading this in Vietnam wanted to do - take 
Absolutley Pertinent. Banned from American and British broadcast, this documentary is an essential look at the other side. Whether you support the US war in Iraq, the informed citizen would 
Bugs bugs bugs. Hard to imagine Starship troopers with not a drop of blood in sight. Great visuals -- dialogue doesn t always hold up  
Katt Williams - The Pimp Chronicles Part 1. These days I want laughter in my life and Katt Williams gives it to you in The Pimp Chronicles. I thought Kat 
the phantom. MOVIE WAS MADE FROM A GOOD COPY.PICTURE WAS VERY CLEAR AND CLEAN.THE STORY FOLLOWS THE ORIGINAL PREMISE VERY CLOSELY.ALL IN ALL IT S A FUN SERIAL TO WATCH 
Amazing !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I haven t got this box set yet but will have it soon. So my review is based on Nightmare On Elm Street part 1.The movie is what 
A dead man goes to war. The true story of the British attempt to lay some heavy disinformation on the Axis in World War II. Clifton Webb plays Lt. Cmdr. 
Classic Vincent Price Film. I remember watching this film when I was a kid on the Saturday creature-features shows. It doesn t have the gore that the newer version has 
Excellent Thriller. I really enjoyed this film. I have been wanting to purchase it for sometime and I am very glad that I finally did. It is full of suspense 
Inescapably Awesome. I tell my wife that I buy the Justice League season-releases for myself AND the kids. But it is me who sits most captivated in front of the 
Family Holiday Classic and Mood Lifter All Year Round. I ve been a fan of Jim Carrey s version since it came out. I ve burned through several VHS copies 
You get just what it is!. This and the first movie are not trying to make movie history or even create deep thought. It s what movies were like when 
Vanessa Williams is fine, but, Chayanne Shines. I usually stay away from the chick-flick genre that I was forced to watch with my ex-wife, daughter and, prior to that various 
Another Brian De Palma Classic. The very fact that Brian De Palma directed this film is a signal that this film is of a very high standard. Before Carlito s 
Great video for work out. I received the training video and love it. The work out gets your heart going and it don t take all day to do. You 
Challenging but doable. 30 min 15 min bonus powerhouse workouts and comes with a 4 long band. All are on the mat. Some are challenging but most of them are 
BEAUTIFUL MASTERPIECE. The great Jean Gabin is world weary, elegant, elder crime king pin Max in Jacques Becker s understated 1954 TOUCHEZ PAS AU GRISBI Criterion .The title literally translates 
Loved it!. A romantic tragedy portrayed by first rate Argentine actors. A must see  
I could watch this over and over again!. Whether you re Greek - or whatever - just about anyone can relate to Toula s life. After having deemed herself hopeless 
Criterion presents a great package of a great film. Yes, this edition of Bicyle Thieves costs more than hot contemporary releases, but it is well worth it. You get a 
Great classic!. This wonderful classic is worth watching again and again. My sixteen year old son watched it for the first time and was very impressed a pleasant surprise-since he 
Great Visuals Add To Already-Excellent Film. This was an excellent suspense film with outstanding cinematography and interesting characters played by a strong cast.There are lots of complimentary adjectives in the 
Bridget Jones - The Edge Of Reason. Like the first movie Bridget Jones s Diary , I found this one to be equally as funny as the first. The love 
Bleak & Beautiful L.A. in the 80s. Friedkin s TO LIVE AND DIE IN L.A. gives us a sharp look at Los Angeles in the early 1980s as no one 
Forgot i had this movie... I wouldn t recommend paying 12 dollars for it like i did stupid major electronic store ..but getting it on here for less than 5 
Favorite childhood memory. I bought it because it is the only way to get Twas the night before Christmas TV cartoon special that I watched as a kid and my 
Raymond Briggs The Snowman. This absolutely charming video has long been a favorite of mine. Family members and friends who have received & viewed it are aslo overwhelmingly delighted. It 
It s not just giant robot anime. If your interested in giant robot anime with a story this is for you. Other reviews as well as search engines can help 
Wonderfully Kind. I just love John Hughes Romantic Comedies of the 80 s. It gave the middle class boy or girl in the growing decadeance of the era with big 
Tune into your body. This is a great set. I started using this set doing the Accelerated 2-3x wk and the 20 or basic the other days. I really became 
Fantastic!. Fantastic DVD! Well written, excellent cinematography, beautiful music, emotionally moving stories of five hymns that changed to world  
 Born to Kill 1947 ... Robert Wise ... RKO Radio Pictures Film Noir . RKO Radio Pictures present BORN TO KILL 1947 92 mins B&W Dolby digitally remastered --- 
Unforgettable, for those of us who are in love with love itself. I saw this first in 1997 on the Kraft something-something CBS . The very first part looked so 
Irresistably camp horror. The role of incorrigible ham Edward Lionheart fits Price like a glove. In the same ironic and grotesque spirit as The Abominable Dr Phibes 1971 , the 
Truly Astounding. It has been over one hundred years since Georges Melies first began making movies. He was a true pioneer in every sense of the word. He invented his 
Classic. We ll keep this one simple:- Aliens is the greatest action movie of all-time, and it s not a bad horror movie either. It s one of the more 
The Weeping Camel. This is a beautiful documentary capturing a fast-disappearing lifestyle in Mongolia. Not only does it portray a gentle, loving culture dependent in part on camels, it shows 
Great movie. I had to watch this in a college course i was taking. I enjoyed the movie. My Family Mi Familia describes the tale of three generations of an 
A Luminous Hepburn Guided by a Masterful Zinnemann Makes an Introspective Journey Cinematic. Capturing one s spiritual crisis hardly sounds like the ideal cinematic subject, but master director Fred Zinnemann 
Excellent!. This pack is just excellent... it contains the 3 movies with extra material, and the presentation is really good. I strongly recommend you buy it  
This show is great Sci -Fi fun!. After they took Hercules off this show was one of the fillers.I do agree they really should have given it a full hour. 
The 2nd dvd of a favorite cartoon!. This is the 2nd set of episodes of the creativity-inspiring cartoon of the 80 s, The Adventures of Teddy Ruxpin. Here, Teddy s 
Bedpan For Room 903... Boy, is Michael Ironside Scanners, Starship Troopers ever mad! He s just seen Lee Grant on TV, telling the world that an abused woman was right 
That Carmalita is Hilarious!!. This could be the funniest movie ever! The kids crack me up... especially that Carmalita Chu! I wonder what that actress is doing now? I bet 
Satisfaction. Well as you can see all the reviews are 4 stars or better! I ve been a fan of Shadow since like 98 or 99, i ll try to 
All wrestling, no documentary. This set is the complete opposite of the Bret Hart set. While the Hitman s set was stronger on the documentary side than the wrestling side, 
From My Growing Up Years. I was around 10 years of age when this series ran on TV, and though I m sure I did not see every episode I 
Frighteners if Fabulous. First saw this years ago and loved it. Love it even more on DVD. A fun movie with great special effects  
Cimarron. One of the best films ever made in America..a milestone of the transition from silent films to talkies  
Have you found Neverland?. Although I feel it s been hyped up a little too much and I don t feel it deserved all the attention there are moments in 
Pride and Prejudice Revisited. The two Bridget Jones films are a modern version of Jane Austen s Pride and Prejudice.  
Adorable Internationals, Quirky Love Story. Va Savoir is one of my favorite international films. The humor alone always gets me. It s not a comedy nor a dramedy. It s 
great for getting started. I am 50 and have always been thin. Lately, I have a bit of a pooch and cannot seem to lose the 15 extra pounds of 
An Amazing Year. The 2005 season for the Seattle Seahawks was an amazing year. This video truly captures the excitement that was the most successful year in Seahawks history  
Powerful masterpiece. Another Showtime masterpiece. Powerful, thought-provoking look into the relationships between fathers and sons. Three individual vignettes show three different sides to the issue and are loosely tied together 
Whole Lotta Woman!!. Pam Grier is THE dish in this blaxploitation Classic!! Sleazy, campy lesbian undertones and some truly hilarious dialogue make this watchable again and agai  
Classic Bond. This might not be the greatest Bond movie of all time Though I d say it s in the top three , but it most assuredly has the 
Excellent, CHALLENGING workout. I recently purchased several pregnancy videos, Perfect Pragnancy Workout among them. I am 5 months along in my pregnancy and was in decent shape before I became 
I give it 2 thumbs up. Love this movie one of the best  
FANTASTIC!. Great movie. Its a little old school as far as acting and cast, but great film. This film does NOT express any homoeroticism in it, but just true care 
Good Suspense Thriller. I know that I am a tough movie critic, however, I really loved this movie and own it on VHS. This movie was perfectly cast and it 
satisfied customer. I m pleased with everything about this transaction. The merchandise arrived quickly and the dvd plays beautifully. Thank you  
A Great Version of the Fairy Tale. I love this film very much and not just for the great songs, but for how well the characters are portrayed. They should 
Scarface Leaves Notable Scar on Film History. Produced by Howard The Aviator Hughes, the original version of Scarface depicts the rise of Tony, a young Italian-American gangster, to underworld power 
Beautifully done. An interesting glimpse into a culture that knows how to live with death as part of life. Beautifully and sensitively filmed. I definitely recommend it.  
Good movie. The action in this movie is amazing. The idea behind the movie is great. Actors are great. This movie is great as a date movie.  
Outstanding Comedy: Fred Gwynne Shines!. This is an outstanding and hilariously funny comedy. Vinny Gambini Joe Pesci is excellent as an out-of-place lawyer in the out-of-the-way state of Alabama; where 
GREAT GREAT Soccer Movie. a movie that is not un-realitisc in the world of soccer. good acting and very good story line  
Kay Kendall, Gene Kelly & Co. dance up a storm!. LES GIRLS is a wildly-exuberant, wickedly-funny musical featuring songs by Cole Porter and direction by George Cukor, not to mention 
Everyone can be a 13 year old boy. There aren t enough movies like this these days. Family oriented centered actually , adventure with edutainmental attributes.Great cast, great score, great 
That s The Way It Was!!!!!. Now, if you make every child see this film you are doing a service for the way America should be! This is what made 
This is what romance is. Others have talked at length about the technical beauty of this film. It is indeed very well-done, but what I enjoyed the most was its 
It s on DVD. Fellows:I picked up the DVD in London, at a cost of 20 pounds, or about US 39. There were still four copies left at the Virgin 
I Am The Walrus. I give it 5 because it is the only known video of I Am The Walrus!! One of my favorite Beatles tunes. The movie itself was 
SRV Tribute. Clips of SRV, Raitt, Clapton, BBKing, Robert Cray, Buddy Guy and John Vaughan, Dr John on the piano Double Trouble all helping each other out in a great 
 Go to Ludicrous speed! . Ah, Spaceballs is a classic. Some of the jokes don t hit, but there are so many of them that theirs bound to be 
Misunderstood, yet brilliant and still accurate film.... When the idiotic TV pundits talk about this film, they always make it sound like it s this perfect, isn t America wonderful 
A big dumb action thriller... This is a big dumb action thriller, and I mean that in the best possible way. Sure, it s not Die Hard... However I don 
I screamed like I was watching the Final 4. This is a great movie, you laugh, you cry, you cringe and shake your head but most of all the last 
Disney Classic. I vaguely remember seeing this in the theatre when I was a kid. Like a door opening in my mind, the flood of memories come back to me. 
I Love this Movie. If ever there was a movie I had a soft spot for, it would be Next Stop Wonderland. If I m down or need to relax 
Ultimately beautiful. This was a very good film in many ways. Although it appears to be simple it s quite a complex examination of adolescent confusion, fatherly love and hope 
2 words BEAUTIFULLY ROMANTIC. This has to be one of the most romantic movies i have ever seen other than pride and prejudice of course. This movie was wonderfully done 
Elektra - directors cut. Really enjoyed this movie. Crisp visuals with vibrant colours, great sound, interesting plot and character development not always the case in comic based cinema . Plus 
So Far, So Good!. Finally available in the US in DVD format! Boy, does this one bring back memories! Admittedly, at the time of its release, Slade In Flame wasn 
THIS IS A SUPER LIVE ALBUM .THE DUO PERFORM 17 OF THEIR GREATEST HITS AND MORE. THIS IS A SUPER ALBUM .HALL AND OATES GIVE STELLA LIVE PERFORMANCES,SEVEAL BONUS TRACKS 
The best love story of 2006!!!. I m not going into the plot of The Lake House. Other reviewers have already done a much better job on that than I 
Mambo Italiano. Nobody can send up the immigrant Italian experience like an immigrant Italian. They spoof themselves so well because they tell the truth, and the rest of us are 
One of the best mob movie s ever. The definitive mob movie. Scorcese is the master of the genre. This is the way the real mob works, with the guys 
I Know where I am Going. I wanted to see this movie as my father was one of the pipers in it.I thought it was a nice romantic movie for 
A nice fan for Lizzy. Four excellent DVDs are contained in this box, This is Elizabeth Taylor s box, and although our fascination goes more to the boxed set of 
Billy Zane is the absolute sexiest man to ever live. This movie is where I first saw Billy Zane. It is the most erotic movie I have ever seen. I 
You should definately buy this right now!. Devil hunter Yohko is classic Anime at it s best! This show may be a bit dated, but it still has sexy girls, 
The best baby video out there!. This is another winner for the baby faith team. My child interacts with the cute and funny puppets shows and dances to the music. 
Dylan toys with the press for 50 minutes - Fun!. In December 1965 - less than 6 months after Dylan went electric at the Newport Folk Festival, he was in 
 Well, the only answer to THAT would be..... just watch the show . Archie Bunker is the funniest sitcom character in television history. I own all five seasons and 
The British Style of Warfare. Britain has traditionally been a naval power but neverhad a large standing army. This has prodded its militaryplanners to think in unconventional terms in strikingat 
Absolutely Hilarious. This is one of the funniest DVDs I have ever seen! You can watch it over and over again and its still just as funny.Definately a must for 
Watch it for the elf!!. I won t bore you with another telling of the story, but will just tell you that the entire movie is worth watching just for 
pleased as punch. I thoroughly enjoyed the DVD. It told the story of his life, with great music, and included his family and friends. It made him come to life 
Seriously Potent Stuff!. Larry Cohen s GOD TOLD ME TO is one of the most intelligent, gritty horror thrillers ever made! In New York, a series of mass murders occur 
The best of the Dracula movies. Easily. The eerie sets and atmosphere, the classy writing, the top-notch acting, the for the time daring use of color and sexuality...etc. Untouchable  
Great for All Ages. This is a wonderful film that entertains our 6 and 4 year old granddaughters, and had all the adults captivated as well. It can be watched 
Still relevant after all these years 1970 . Good old-fashioned slapstick comedy, Bananas illustrates the dictatorship to revolution to new dictatorship cycle of third world - and worldwide - bureaucracies. 
Classic Swashbuckler. The movie that made Flynn a star. One of five great pirate movies no collection should be without  
Season 1-great 2-excellent 3...good but... I agree with most reviewers that the first 2 season were ofquality entertainment...Season 3 is good, but im sure the writerscould have written better stuff. 
Remember goal scoring?. Back in the 80s when teams actually tried to score we got Mario Lemieux s between the legs beauty, Wayne Gretzky scoring 802 NHL goals! and Bobby 
the best of the series. On reviewing this excellent Granada series, one must always keep in mind two separate criteria. One, the original writing of Doyle and two, the Granda 
Hercules Disney Gold Classic Collection ~ Tate Donovan. Hercules Disney Gold Classic Collection ~ Tate Donovan is a great animated movie. Yeah it is Dinseys take on the greek classics 
me love movie. it a very good movies, especially if u have the new dvd you can acutally see two different movies, everything is the same but some on the 
 Best Movie Ever Made! . Probably the greatest biographical film ever made, Mommie Dearest holds a place in American pop culture not only as a film classic but a 
 Why are the Sartres always born on the other side? . World War II was over, and the imperial way of life that had brought it and its predecessor 
Surprisingly Mature Early Work. In only his second directorial effort, Allen hits the ground running. Combining mockumentary with crime caper, he describes the life and loves of an incompetent thief. 
A cult classic!. George Newman Weird Al Yankovic is a daydreaming loser who just recently lost his job at Burger World, luckily his uncle Harvey Stanley Brock wins a local 
Hall Leaves On A High Note. Conrad Hall went out with a bang. The great film photographer finished his illustrious career with this movie before passing on. He did himself 
Fantastic animated rendition. It s hard to believe, but I never heard of Wind in the Willows until I was about 16 years old, when it was first read aloud 
Sophie s Choice. Longish though compelling drama about a Polish woman, Sophie Meryl Streep who has endured Auschwitz; her schizophrenic Jewish lover, Nathan Kevin Kline , who torments her; and 
One for the teenagers of the 90s. If you were a teenager in the mid- 90s and enjoyed it , you will probably love this movie and relate to it. 
Kaufman Lends Surprising Humanism to an Exceptional Mind-Bending Story of Loss and Regret. Screenwriter Charlie Kaufman s reality-bending work has become such a Hollywood staple that he is becoming more 
I love David Cassidy. Unfortunately,I bought it for my U.S mate who was crazy about David Cassidy so much as I would have loved to see it. I live in 
Sinatra at his best. I suppose much can be said about this movie s lack of faithfulness to the stage play. A hardened Joey, a more callous Joey, an essentially 
Sean Penn and Nicholson make a great team. Penn is amazing what what he put to script hereNicholson or Jack Nicholson is brilliant as his rolethe movie touches you , 
WOW!!!. The greatest show ever to hit T.V. You will never know what happens next on this show and that is one of the many elements that make this show 
Legend. I must admit . . . I originally saw the movie because of the soundtrack. I am a huge Tangerine Dream fan, as well as Brian Ferry. I was 
Lessons never learned?. Watch this movie right before you watch Fog of War - you will get goosebumps and it might change how you see the world  
!!!! Five Cary Grant movies never before released on DVD or video? Thanks, Universal!!!. Cary Grant stars in these early films made before he becomes famous. Big Brown Eyes Kiss 
The Summer Of 1963. This is my first time seeing Shag and it was pretty much alright. The music, dancing and girls in bikinis were, at the time, the chemistry 
ANOTHER HARRYHAUSEN CLASSIC. This is another fine example of the incredible body of work the Master Ray Harryhausen has to offer. The dreaded 7 headed hydra and the famous 7 
good but not great. I was expecting more from this movie but it left me wanting more...The movie was strange and a little disturbing but there ws nothing scary or 
Just Wondering. I think the movie is kinda a kip off of a nother movie but this one is better and the band in the move is very good and 
A fine make-over for a so-so episode. Here is the Ark in Space DVD! Compared to the earlier Tom Baker Doctor Who DVDs, most notably Robots of Death, this DVD 
When was he watching me?. What a hoot! Arnold really captures the art of BEING pregnant. As a mother and a grandmother I can honestly say, he nailed it . 
I have loved this little movie for 11 years of potty training!!. I have loved this little movie. I wish the parents portion and the childrens portion were on different 
It is all true. Maybe some people can get it through humor. I hope so.  
Northern Exposure season 4 on DVD. I love Northern Exposure. It never fails to entertain and make you think about things in a different way. It often times touches me. 
30 Days Makes You Think. This is an excellent series that provides many opportunities to examine your own beliefs. It is also a wonderful starting point for a group discussion. 
A masterpiece: One of the original slasher films. I hadn t heard of Black Christmas until I heard about the remake recently. Instead of paying to see the remake in 
Stupendously awful. Cyborg is perhaps one of the worst movies I ve ever seen. The acting is bad even for a Van Damme film, the sets are terribly forced and 
When The Truth Hurts. What happens when little Max Reede Justin Cooper blows out the candles on his birthday cake and wishes his Dad couldn t lie anymore? Fletcher Jim 
The Leopard be Damned!. I have enjoyed reading the reviews of The Leopard: Let us now bow our heads and praise Luchino... I first saw The Leopard in a big 
So many mutants, so little time. The third installment of the very successful mutant franchise ends with a very loud bang! Filled with more action and special effects that you 
The last seasons are the best seasons. I love this show and these last seasons are the best. My favorite is the one with Ruth Gordon as the grieving aunt 
Le French cooking tag-team!!!!. Simply wonderful!! That s about how to describe a thoroughly enjoyable way to spend some time with two of the greatest French chefs!!I have two opinions 
Different and fun!. I don t know why people are writing essays on this particular movie, but I thought it was pretty funny and entertaining. I enjoyed it. Some parts 
more classic muddy. if your a muddy fan you will enjoy this set you wont be dissipointed  
This Can Be A Real Experience For SOME People. General Leland Zevo takes over Zevo Toys and wants to secretly make weapons disguised as toys for the good of military, 
Terrifically funny, yet genuinely frightening!. This is one of my favorite horror movies of the 1980s. It s an updated version on an old theme: Save the young heroine from 
It is what it is... You can look at the cover and know it s not an A-list blockbuster. That being said, for a horror comedy, I ve always thought 
A whodunnit with without? a corpse. I first saw Carnival of Souls on the late-night show of I forgot which Australian channel. Black and white, as the original. We didn 
Excellent movie!. The Cheadle brothers teamed up to play the role of the young and adult Earl Manigault. Supporting actors Don cheadle, James Earl Jones, Michael Beach, Clarence Williams III, 
Nanny, Nanny Hating Bright!. Director Curtis Hanson has filmed many remarkable films: LA Confidential 1997 is his most awarded film, 8 Mile 2002 is a very good movie and In 
Some missing, but still very good. This set is being criticized for what it s missing more than for what it has. It s still pretty darn good. This collection 
Beautifully photographed. A bit slow, but so lovely to see. BEST of ALL is the soundtrack - but why can t I find it on Amazon?  
Great Flick. I dont need to explain the plot of Trainspotting , as pretty much ever other review has already done that. The film is half serious, half comical view 
The best of the beast. A rare war theme-the Russians in Afghanistan. I ve seen this movie more than 20 times and never tire of it. I even know the 
My favorite. Of all versions of Pride and Prejudice I ve seen, this is far and away my favorite. The four-hour format gives more time to really tell the story 
Makes you think. In a modern world where money and success are now the only goals for many people this reminds us of the story of a man who gave 
Faithful to the Literary Spirit. This is a well-produced and written sequel. It is faithful to the original production and to its literary roots in a concise form. I extremely 
A Classic of coming of Age. Francis Lia..music score is breathtaking.The photo of all that takes pl;ace is a Magic of a Garden of Eden.Not dirty...but pure beauty taken by 
OK THIS IS GOOD JUST LIKE I SAW IT ON TV WITH MORE !. JUST LIKE KLA-TU I HATE STUPED JUNK BUT THIS DVD IS NOT ONE OF THEM IF 
Fantastic. The film is a fantastic production made almost 20 years ago.The lack of technology let their creative side appears  
Excellent Film. This film is really intriging. For someone who doesn t consider herself a drama fan, this film [...] me in and kept me hooked. The story of this 
 ;D . Put the Bunny Back!This was a great movie! It s full of action! And it has lots of jokes! I recommend it! The DVD is spectacular!! Don 
Individual vs. Collective Crime and Punishment. Clint Eastwood s 1967 debut in an American western after successfully starring in Sergio Leone s internationally reknown trilogy of westerns that made him 
A MUST FOR ALL FANS!. This is what the fans have been waiting for! This live concert featuring great R&B hits from the Shalamar days...through his solo career is a 
The Master Sleuth Is At It Again!. Anyone who is a fan of B-movie mysteries must have these films in their collection. Warner Oland is the original--and best--Charlie Chan. These 
bratz blah blah blah. this is about my scene not bratz im really getting annoyed here abd you are making me really mad please do me and everybody else a 
A Calssic. Great movie. I bought it for my young teenage daugther and she loved it  
Classic inspirational story, classic film, but do read the history too. This is a wonderful story and a riveting film, as the other reviewers have noted. This DVD version is 
changing attitude. It was a merciless struggle, back in 1939- 45 on the Atlantic Ocean. With German submarines seriously threatening Britain s overseas life-lines, losing this battle meant losing the 
Sexy, Emotional, and Spicy Penelope at the Top of Her Game. I have hesitated on seeing this movie, because I haven t really been impressed by Penelope s work, even 
Western Classic. Just a fabulous Western classic. Gary Cooper, Lloyd Bridges, and Grace Kelly.Grace Kelly s credit is in a diagonal list of some dozen or so other players.This western 
Just perfect for the bride who want to look GREAT!. I think the Bridal Bootcamp DVD is excellent! One of the things I really like about the DVD is Christi 
The Stuff of Legends. This movie has it all. It captures the independent spirit of Americans during the race to explore outerspace; the humor, the intelligence, the feistiness and pioneering 
BETTER THAN SCHINDLER S LIST. I disagree with the previous reviewers. This movie was far better than Schlinder s List. For me it was more emotionally moving than Spielberg s 
Cheezy movie!. Viewed this movie alot in collage Go Blue ! Great beer drinking movie with friends  
Best UMD Movie!!!. Are you looking for a good UMD movie? Then please pick this one up for your PSP. This is one of the best movies ever made. Unfortunately 
Romance relies on ineffable mystery and destiny... We all want to fall in love... The experience makes us feel completely alive, where every sense is heightened, every emotion is magnified... 
Horror Review. Overall, this is one of those late 80s horror films with cheap actors and low-budget settings. But, the script did not need high-paying actresses like Julia Roberts or 
bruce paved the way. about the life of the great lenny bruce who paved the way for so many great comedians to come.dustin hoffman plays bruce greatly and realistic,as well 
FINALLY!!. I have been wanting to pick up this obscure movie for years, ever since I first watched it some 12 years ago. Unfortunately, up until now it has been 
Endearing. Jane Fonda was certainly lovely in this film, and her fey charm forgives the fact that she was clearly showcasing herself here and not truly interacting with her equally 
funny as hell!!!. Horror mocking is awesome, espessially for horror fans who know whats going on  
SCHOOL FIELD TRIPS WERE NEVER THIS ROUGH!. Battle Royale is a truly magnificant film, and is highly recommended. There are a bountiful number of reviews here, therefore, I would just 
On MY Top 10 List, funny!. Funny as can be!Bette Midler and Lilly Tomlin crack me up!! This movie probably never made big money at the box office, or won 
Great Dance Mix. After watching the film and wanting to get up and dance to the music this CD is a dream come true ! Echa Pa Lante is now 
Not quite perfect... This was my favorite show of all time... I was in high school the same time as the 90210 kids, and had the gang not had 2 
A MUST-SEE FOR PEOPLE IN LOVE. This is pure moonshine. This is a piece of art. The freshness of the Colbert and Gable is a treasure to behold.The dialogue is 
I cannot find a flaw, or the missing five minutes, either. Much has already been written about the fidelity to history exhibited in this movie, and I won t pretend 
one of adam sandler s best. adam sandler is far from the brightest star in the SNL pantheon. even brighter lights like eddie murphy, dan akroyd and chevy chase have 
An excellent interpretation of a classic novel. I loved Shelley s novel, and when this movie was released theatrically, I read the reviews and stayed away. I heard vast criticisms 
Think Heathers for the 1990 s... If you enjoyed the movie Heathers, you will no doubt love Jawbreaker. In fact, a friend of mine who s all-time favorite movie is 
 I think I ll have a large order of...prognosis negative! . Long Island socialite Judith Traherne, the central protagonist in Dark Victory is going to face certain death. She 
Beautiful cinematography. Once in a while, movie gem reaches out and touches your soul. I have added this film to my collection of favorites, and those I will savor when 
I love strawberry shortcake!. I have 1 boy and 2 girls, I grew up with strawberry shortcake! I love her!My 3 yr old likes her. I bought this movie for 
Thank you Mr. Lucas!. I am very happy to have the original theatrical release on DVD. I think that it looks and sounds great. It is just what I wanted 
Serenity? I think not. When they say this is an action film it is absolutely true. Most action films have a hero and that s a problem in this flic. 
In a glass cage. First of all let me state that this is the firstmovie I have ever reviewed and may be my last.I love these kind of movies because 
This is what defined ECW. Bloodsport: ECW Most Violent Matches include some of the most brutal, extreme matches in ECW history. If you are a fan of brutal moves and 
A Perfect Comedy. One of the joys of the DVD revolution is the ability to study closely favourite films such as The Lady Eve and learn so much about its 
Actors make uneven Cooler shine. Wayne Kramer s The Cooler is one of those movies that makes you glad for independent films. This little film, which probably spent in total 
GOOFY STARED IN 76 COLORED SHORTS FROM 1935-1965. The Disney treasures collection is the best and cheapest way of getting the entire series to their golden age shorts.I must warn 
I Love Lucy 2nd season. I have always liked Lucille Ball, because she has always brought laughter into our lives. This season has one of the funniest stories-The chocolate factory 
Important documentary with some shortcomings. Because of the sheer length of this documentary and the number of topics covered, it s hard to pin down an exact analysis of it, 
dvd. Second posting received very shortly after first went missing! Very assuring that Amazon attended to  
Slick, subtle, and worth a look see. This is a movie I did not fully appreciate until after it was over and I wanted to watch it again. The premise 
 Anybody else want to limp? . I don t usually evaluate movies in terms of acting, but there s something to be said about the way that Murphy plays 
Fantastic. This movie has DEFINITELY held up through the test of time - the ridiculousness is just as funny today as the first time I saw it! Love this DVD 
I really love Lucy. Great DVD collection with complete and uncut episodes. I watch them with my children and we never fail to laugh even if we have see the 
excellent. i have all four of leisa hart s sexy series dvds and love them so much, i love them in differnet ways because i feel so good after doing 
Woo! Hoo!. This being director John Woo s first excursion in Western films he doesn t skip a beat from his Hong Kong triumphs. The action here is exceptionally paced 
Scariest Movie I ve ever seen. I am not a horror movie fan, in fact there are very few horror movies that have truly scared me, but this one indeed 
guilty as sin. This dvd is in perfect condition a 5 if I ever saw one.came package well and came when it said it would.I recommened this dvd to every 
Fun and Entertaining!. Ignore the critics and naysayers - Most of them wouldn t know entertainment unless it exploded in front of their face - Also, people especially young people 
Great history of Johnny s career. I loved this tape. We see Johnny Cash as a young man, skinny and edgy, reckless and a bit foreboding, in his early days 
Learn from a Master Drummer. ... I bought the John Yost Teaches West African Rhythms DVD last year. That was a good DVD to learn rhythms and then I recently 
The end of texhnolyze. Wow... that is the only way to describe this ending. With most cyber-punk films, you get a dreary conclusion that is steeped with philosophy with a 
Awesome straight forward ROCK. If you are from that Deep Purple ,Foreigner ,Rainbow ,Whitesnake,Bad Company... era,just go ahead and grab this one .Good Sound ,Picture and The band sounds really 
4.5 stars for a great film. I m surprised the 57 Caddy didn t win an Oscar for this film. A classic Character Study which can never happen again - 
The Big Kick In The Head. What makes these films so enjoyable for me is that when they were made,they were intended as dead serious educational material.HA!Maybe that s why 
 Rockin from the Delta to the DMZ! . Good Morning Vietnam is one of Robin Williams earliest forays into drama. While The World According to Garp is arguably his 
Torch song Trilogy after 17 years. Its 2005 and only recently have I managed to catch the Torch Song Trilogy that was made in 1988. But since 1988, many gay 
Pirates of the Caribbean, review by SL. I was sceptical about this movie at first, but I was supricesed how good this movie was.We have sword fighting, romance, pirates, kiddnapping 
a must-see. This documentary gives a brief introduction to Al-Jazeera, which, if you didn t know already, is the main arab language newschannel. It is a source which has won 
A different movie than I expected. I recently rented this movie due to the fact I needed a compremise between myself and my fiancee. She ususally picks very romantic movies 
They finally got it right!. This movie rocks, man. I m so happy that they finally produced a Stephen King script almost entirely true to the original story. More than 
kev@amberley christchurch new zealand. doobie brothers live at the wolf trap is like no other dvd i have watched:awesome is one word i can use.went to there concert here back 
An Underrated Film. This is one of the most underrated war or anti-war films of all time. The story is a familiar one: a group of American and German soldiers 
The Devil s Backbone. Stark ghost story that some may compare to Sixth Sense yet, in my opinion, the two movies have little in common except on a very superficial 
To the powers that be at Fox. Just for the record I will be ordering DVD s whenever this is released and sending them to thirty or so of my 
A tweedy delight. I first saw this BBC comedy series in its rerun phase on American PBS in the 1980s, and watched my home-recorded VHS tapes over and over again 
the unsaid is an awesome movie. I brought the DVD because of VINCENT KARTHEISER, he is my favorite movie star. This is a very high quality film. Both Vincent Kartheiser 
Yet Another Excellent Connery Bond Flick... You Only Live Twice has many of the best elements of the entire Bond series; it has the best theme song of them all 
Baywatch Is So Cool. I HAVE SEEN THIS MOVIE AND I THINK IT IS ONE OF THE BEST BAYWATCH MOVIES EVER. IT HAS SOME OF THE BEST PEOPLE IN THE 
Soon to be a classic... By now most people have seen this on TV for free several times, so a purchase may be only reserved for the fanatic. If so, 
Wonderful for those who believe Love is possible!. I was typing a review & lost the window, so I hope this isn t a repeat, but I m starting over 
Julius Caesar. I am pleased with the DVD. As a teacher, I strive to present the most up-to-date and high quality materials in my classroom. I sometimes have difficulty finding 
Where Is The Second Peak?. Considering the vast amount of TV and film garbage happily making its way out onto DVD, its scandalous that those who currently own the rights 
Pure Entertainment. The Seven Samurai was the basis for that wonderful western The Magnificient Seven, but is in every way a superior movie. The lighting, the camera angles and acting 
Private Finnish Film Festival. Young Gods Hymypoika shows what happens when four male high school students in urban Finland make a pact to accelerate their personal growth by secretly filming 
4.5; delightfully original. I have a theory: audiences are getting smarter. Whereas before a big Hollywood movie with a massive marketing push would ve been all the rage, now people 
Camille Caudel. Perhaps the only sculpture movie I ever saw. Very French. She finally looses her mind at the end. Much angst  
Tame and often sweet compared to later seasons. Viewing the first season of Melrose Place, one would be hard-pressed to peg this as the over-the-top sudsy sleazefest it would become. 
Young Ana Garcia takes on her mother and the world. The surprise in Real Women Have Curves is not that Ana Garcia American Ferrera is able to get into a 
A clever, gripping film. This film keeps you waiting for the big event, and when it happens it s such a twist you re left shaking your head.A must see 
AN AWESOME REAL STORY PORTRAYAL AND... ...all of the actors and actresses did a SUPER fine job!!!! This was the first movie I ever saw with Cher as an actress 
Two thumbs up!. Undoubtly David Mamet lived a glorious decade in these eighties. House of games , the untouchables a scripter and this one.Don t wonder if this movie belongs 
One of the best action films from this era!. This review is for the 2005 Warner Brothers DVD.The movie opens in a Texas prison where Doc McCoy Steve McQueen is 
Entertaining~. It was a great movie and arrived quickly from the date of purchase. I was very satisfied with my purchase and overall experience  
Great Movie, Good DVD. Being a masterpiece of the 90s, Reservoir Dogs is a movie I never get tired of seeing. It has everything that makes for a great guy 
Extremely Funny. All I got to say is this guy is hilarious! His ability to imitate people, music, and other sounds is what really makes him funny in my opinion. 
Not too easy, not too hard. Easy to follow. Not a lot of chatter. It really works you out. Intermediate level. Great workout. WOW  
One of my favourite films. Franois Truffaut s first film in the English language still stands up well, in my opinion. It is a very fine adaptation of Ray Bradbury 
Good Old Movie. Love this movie, kind of old but always good to watch it  
Dummy is one smart movie. Dummy is one of those movies you go in not expecting to like, but you wind up falling in love with. A quirky comedy with 
Great beginner tape. I have to have a light aerobic tape and this is a good one. The low impact cardio is similiar to Leslie Sansone but without the obnoxious 
Great workout for BEGINNERS. I am amazed that the reviewer Cheryl is busy saying how weak the workout is and is only suitable for beginners Maybe Cheryl needs remedial reading 
Great Yoga for when You re Absolutely Alone. I loved this yoga--it left me with the tingly tired delicious feeling I get sometimes from bow pose. This is the real 
Irish Angels. Non-stop entertainment. The only thing better would be to have been there. The music, the costumes, the singers, the fiddle player, the castle setting were all just wonderful. 
Amazing show, amazing band. This Live show CD DVD is an excellent illustration of this band s qualities. With great lyrics and fantastic melodies, HATB are one of the best 
 Live life and be happy . A film of jaw-jopping beauty and deeply held poetical lyricism, Deepa Mehta s spectacular Water - the final installment of her devastatingly beautiful 
ANIMATED BUT STILL A HARD HITTING PROPHETIC PARABLE. ANIMATED BUT STILL A HARD HITTING PROPHETIC PARABLE ABOUT THE HUMAN CONDITION ---IN A NUTSHELL:I have just enjoyed Animal Farm , the 
WHEN ARE WE GOING TO GET A REMASTERED CUT??. I give this movie 5 stars. Outstanding story, outstanding performances from the entire cast, an unforgettable climax..everything working together as only 
M. Night s Masterpiece. A young boy has the uncanny ability to see and communicate with the dead....that s pretty intense. This movie keeps you on the edge of your 
Totally awesome!!!. Awesome College Movie. My only regret is that I did not see this movie during my college years. Alas, they have the DVD now!Yay!  
The most sentimental of Ford s movies... Ford s cavalry trilogy is, in its way, just as much Victor McLaglen s trilogy, for he appears once again in Rio Grande 
More of the good old Jeeves humor. If you liked the original ones, get them all. These are just as enjoyable  
Great for Beginners. My fiance and I are using this DVD to practice for our upcoming wedding. We have viewed other dance tapes but Shawn s are the only one 
Old Fashioned Western Fun. If you like it when the good guys win...when justice prevails...or even just old westerns, this is for you. The color and quality are top notch. 
Wizard of OZ two disc special addition. . A classic must have in your family libary  
How far we have fallen. To watch what was the first television program which drove itself by way of a moral compass and the concern for the public good, was 
A Time to Think. Grisham once said he wrote his other books, e.g., The Firm, et al., so he could afford to write important books, like this one, upon which 
Heart Pounding Film of Murder for Hire. This is my favorite Bogie film with our hero playing a tough Brooklyn District Attorney who has to find how and why witnesses 
Very Raw, Very Ramones. Before I put Ramones Raw in the DVD player I thought it might seem bittersweet to watch, what with three of the band members now deceased. 
Crochet Fashions in Motion is Fabulous!!!. What can I say...this dvd is great!!! It has everything you need to start crocheting as a beginner and challenging projects for experienced crocheters 
I never thought I would say a parody of the great The Fugative would be this good, but Leslie Nielsen, take a bow!. Absolutely hilarious take off on TheFugative , 
29th Street. This is a classic must see-especially for New Yorkers!This came out way before My Big Fat Greek Wedding. If you liked that movie, you ll love 29th Street. 
Great Show, but quality of Dvd not great!. We love MASH and own all the previous seasons on DVD, so naturally we wanted Season 9. We had bought it from 
Study in Betrayal and Revenge. This moody Western is a film about betrayal and revenge directed by Marlon Brando. Brando s focus here is on characters. The way they walk, 
Soylent Green - Pure Fantasy or Potential Reality. My watching this film resulted from a conversation with a friend beginning with politics and spiraling down to the future of our 
Not perfect, but when the results are so good, who cares?. The best of youth is a wonderful Italian miniseries directed by Marco Tullio Giordana that we can now watch 
a real jawdropper. his film is completely different from what I thought it was going to be: a sensitive nature outing about a man who researched grizzly bears and advocated 
best double feature of the year !!!. These are two of the best movies that I ve purchased this year.  
This Movie is Over Most People s Heads Even Though It s D&ck & Fart Jokes . This comedy hits a little too close to home for some. What makes 
Well done!. This is probably the best dolph lundgren movie ever made. it has everything. you nee to see it  
FUN and gets you sweaty !!. I do not like aerobics, but I really needed to do some cardio workout, so I found this, and really, IT IS A GEM! 
I don t get mad, I get Lou. Thornton Mellon the late Rodney Dangerfield is an American success story. The son of immigrants, he has worked hard and used business 
I was crying, Laughing so hard that is!. One word for Full Metal Panic: Fumoffu,FUNNY! If you don t laugh at least one time or a MANY times at this 
I LOVE THIS DVD. Oh wow one of Styx s most famous concerts for me to see whenever I please. When I got this I flipped out. I couldn t 
Rare Footage. If you lean towards being slightly more eclectic, this might surprise and delight you. The variety of interviews and stage performances show Jewel s rich singing tradition. She 
if your an nge fan...this is the collection. product arrived quickly and in perfect condition, the sound quality was perfect and the video quality was great...the overall condition of the 
Rockfordphile. Packaging and additional content is mediocre. Fortunately I bought this because I love the series. If you re a Rockfordphile like me, every episode is a must-have. I m 
Clarification. Just to clarify something: in another review it is stated &quot;at one point, it makes the erroneous claim that Rastafarianism was started by Marcus Garvey, which is not true&quot;. 
Enjoyable 1950 s Style Roman Movie. I will leave the pomposity of the movie critics where it belongs. This review is that of an ordinary person who has seen the 
Top Ten Food Movie. I spent two weeks cruising the Italian neighborhoods of San Francisco looking for a restaurant like the one portrayed so richly in this movie. And I 
Good fun for kids. This was pretty cute and funny, really if I could have I would have given it 3.5 stars, but there s not half star rating here.All 
Very good for viewers who don t always need to take sides. What I like most about this film is its characters. There s a Harvard professor, a depressed psychologist, 
Coming of Age Story!!. Very cute movie and a lot more fun than I thought it would be.Set in Britain, you have Jess, a teenage girl of Indian descent, keenly 
USHERS IN NEW ERA OF BRAINWAVE CYBERVIDEO!!. This video hits you with a heroic dose of transdimensional fractallized morphing art! The synchronized musical soundtrack is easily on a par with 
a view from a purely a beginner, an admirer. If you are collecting ballet, this production is highly recommended. If you are a fan of Nureyev and Fonteyne, especially Nureyev, 
Rushmore. Another favorite by Wes Anderson. Mr. Anderson writes a great story and hires the right actors to make it work perfectly. This movie is the only one without Owen 
A touch of Old Fashioned Charm. This is a Musical for the discerning. Someone who appreciates the way things use to be . Mr Astaire executes with effortless elegance, grace 
Drop Dead Hilarious!. Drop Dead Gorgeous has been a favorite of mine for years now. I can t even believe how underappreciated this movie was! For shame! It is filmed 
What Causes Zombies?. A sailboat arrives in New York Harbor. It seems abandoned but a coast guard member is killed by a man on board. The man is shot and 
not great movies but excellent dvd quality. As a huge Cary Grant fan I bought this collection as soon as it came out and I am very happy about it. 
Great!. My 10 month old loves this video! She picked up 3 signs just after watching it for about a week. If she ever gets fussy we sit her down 
the Postman. I feel this movie was an attention getter, and should have been rated by the media for its content, not it s length. I would reccommend it to 
Excellent Movie. I was searching for this movie because I loved it when I was young. I came across it being on DVD and I bought it immediately. This is 
A Powerful Courtroom Drama that Still Resonates. The military courtroom drama, A Few Good Men is one of those films, that through endless cable showings seems to have taken a 
Fire walk away. The cult show Twin Peaks was reknowned for being weird and oddballish, but until fans have seen Twin Peaks - Fire Walk With Me, they ain t 
It s a real story. Very Touching, the legacy of the Mirabal sisters is an example of courage. Vivan las Mariposas  
Excellent Workout, Cuing Not Great. Three years I ve had this workout...and just until I spent the last three months doing Kathy Smith s Power Step Workout have I been 
La Traviata. I recently purchased the Salzburg performance of La Traviata with Villazon and Netrebko which blew me away. However I watched this 1982 Zeffirelli production yesterday and absolutely loved 
Ringo Starr!!!!. Ringo is the narrator. I cannot believe the George Carlin was ever allowed or asked to narrate a children s series. I am glad that I finally found 
Watch it! Love it!. This is one of my all-time favorite movies.Read the book if you want the backstory since the screenplay starts at the half point. It s entertaining 
the best anime since cowboy bebop. i love anime, but lots of it cannot hold my attention. full metal alchemist and inuyasha are dead boring, but this anime is probably 
The Last Day. The movie is excellent if you are a Gaspard Ulliel fan but for those that are not, it lacks a climax. The lack of climax works with 
The original... the best Tarzan of all!. Without a doubt, Johnny Weissmuller s interpretation of Tarzan is the best of all! An excellent swimmer, Johnny Weissmuller makes the swimming scenes 
Earth, Wind & Fire - Live From Japan. This is a must own DVD if you re an EWF fan. While there are other EWF concert DVDs that may have 
The movie that proves the point that every family is nuts to a degree... I have loved this movie since I was a kid. And it s funny when you 
A Good Show. I Have read alot of reviews on the carebears show over the last few months and I can tell you that there really isn t a reason 
Northwestener s Required Viewing. I originally stumbled onto this video while routinely watching NOVA. I sat spellbound and immediately ordered our own family copy. While this geologic event may seem 
Double the [fun]. Van Damme and Dennis Rodman in an action movie? Hell Yeah!! Van Damme palys Quinn, the top anti-terrorist of the U.S., who inadvertendly kills the son of 
Presented In All Its Original Black & White, Uncut CBS Glory!. This is a GREAT box set of a classic television show. All 36 episodes are presented just as they 
Street Fighter is Chiba-tastic!!!. Critiquing the plot of this movie is pointless,likewise the acting,writing,cinematography etc. It s just one great fight scene after another. All the extraneous elements,such as the 
U2 on Joshua Tree tour - it`s worth seeing!. U2`s trip through America performing songs from Joshua Tree and Rattle and Hum. The DVD is interesting, though uneven. Worth attention 
My favorite movie EVER!!!!. Kasi Lemmons is phenomenal as director, she also wrote it! The movie is well acted and written. Oscar worthy performances by Jurnee Smollett and Samuel L. 
A GREAT FEEL GOOD MOVIE. This will not be an Oscar winner but it is one that will be there for you when you had a bad day or when 
Rock of Ages. ALthough nost of the videos on this DVD are on other Def Leppard releases the commentary and personal play order make this an important addition to your 
Excellent workout!!. This is such a great workout! I love it!I just started doing Pilates and absolutely love the Pilates for You videos. I started with the Beginner, and then 
Women willing to carry things over the edge.... Well, if you need a mega dose of sex and violence to get the attention brought to an important issue - then 
This will make you laugh & cry. If you can watch this film and not laugh at remembering what it s like to be in the 5th grade, and also 
These DVDs are a MUST HAVE!!. My son loves the bright colors, moving objects, toys, animals, and music  
My Twins Love It!. I have 4 yr old fraternal twin daughters and they both love Dress Up Days. We own all of the Strawberry Shortcake series and this is 
True to Life. Troy Kell is very charming, intelligent, .... yet also A cold blooded killer. It is a very realistic look into the US prison system. The death in 
nice watch. Peter Parker an ordinary high school kid is bitten by a genetically altered spider. From this point his love for next doors Mary Jane takes a back seat 
Action Packed. This is an excellent action packed movie that should keep you riveted to your seat if you love adventure. The characters are well developed and the action is 
Disorganized Criminals...................................... I have to admit that I also LMAO!Hubby came home telling me that he had a movie with members from the ROC and I was very skeptical especially 
Wow! One of the best movies I ve ever seen. This movie is pitch perfect in almost all respects. It is beautiful to look at,the parts are all well cast 
Outrageously powerful in truth and suffering. This is a cult film in many ways even if time is making it a lot less poignant than it used to be. It 
Requires Active Viewing Participation. This is a singular masterpiece in film making but totally unlike anything, even for it s day. By today s attention deficit disorder standards, this film 
This movie is Afrolicious!,. I always see this movie as a great Harlem detective story. Shafts pulsate with street-level lingo and a deep sense of conviction you can help but 
best teen movie of the 90 s. I love Clueless. It s an amazing movie based on spoiled rich kids. The main character is Cher silverstone , who likes to 
A Subtle yet Powerful Western. Michael Winner s CHATO S LAND may seem a bit below standard from other films that he directed but the strength in this film comes 
Interesting script!. This script has several points which eventually will engage you. A young couple fascinated by the idea of making easy money; a female cold blood assassin with serious 
Loved My Big Fat Greek Wedding. This movie pictured a sizable segment of the U.S. population that has not gotten much attention in the movies - the high involvement Mediterranean 
THE REAL MEANING OF SELF ADOVACY. ANGELA BASSETT DID A WONDERFUL PERFORMANCE PROTRAYING OF THELATE ROSAPARKS IN THE ROSAPARKS STORY. THIS BIOPIC WILL TEACH USALOT OF LESSIONS- ABOUT THE AFRO 
The Graduate. Would you believe I never watched it before this week? I ve missed a lot of classics which I should have seen. So how did this one age? 
Murders in imaginary rural England. Delightful imaginary villages probably mostly filmed in Surrey are rocked by series of murders always solved by Detective Chief Inspector Barnaby who never looses his 
funniest scene ever. I won t belabor the obvious greatness of this classic. That s legendary. What I d like to point out is that the scene with Felix opening 
DVD is not a new production. If you already own the VHS, you may be wondering whether this is a new production, especially since the cover photo appears to be 
 White Heat Goes West . Exciting and well made western from acclaimed action director Raoul Walsh. It stars Rock Hudson and Donna Reed looking beautfiul as ever . A 
All Great Things Must Come To An End. What can I say, Yu Yu Hakusho was a great, and I mean GREAT, show. I loved it  
five stars just for the stylin of 1971. I wanted to pluck out each and every one of these guys and feed them a sandwich- they were so skinny- How 
HANNAH MONTANA ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I love this show I have seen every episode so many times now when I watch it I say all the lines with them.The bonus episode will 
Hilarious; worth owning for Leary fans. In the tradition of the New York Friars Club Roasts, Comedy Central s Roast of Denis Leary is deservedly the highest rated program to 
Just as good as a Nature program!. In my opinion, this video is not over-narrated at all. The videography is amazing and clear, capturing moments the human eye would never 
 I Hope They Have Icies! . The martial arts comedy Kung Pow: Enter the Fist is like a film remix. Two Hong Kong films from the 1970s have been 
 Blacks are NOT dumb ...so the user says. Some critics of this artist believe that they are slick by saying that Tupac makes blacks look dumb and goes further 
Fabulous and Creepy 70 s Sci-fi!. I didn t see this 1975 film until about 12 years ago or so. Even though I knew the basic plot I was quite 
Beautiful. I ve heard naysayers badmouth this movie, but I ve never understood it. They use descriptors such as preachy , overly dramatic , self-important , and so on. Good 
Fun. I truly enjoyed the fact of the DVD being interactive. It is a hard game to beat. I like all the different choices one has to make  
is this for real?. Why in the world is it not out till 2010? or is that wrong  
This will be absolutely AWESOME!!!!. I have been a Yankees DIE-HARD fan since 1961. This set will be totally spectacular! I own all Yankee DVD s and videos. These extras 
Furiously Effective Jab at Wal-Mart s Monopolistic Practices. Filmmaker Robert Greenwald has effectively made mincemeat of his targets in a couple of recent fiery documentaries - Rupert Murdoch and the 
Redemptive Power Of Love. This is a surprising relationship between an upwardly mobile, 27-year-old advertising executive and a 43-year-old waitress who works at a hamburger joint. What begins as a 
REQUEST SEASON 4!. Please write an email to disney requesting the release of season 4 of BMW. It was supposed to be released in Jan of 06 then supposedly Feb, 
Outstanding but Intense. I would rate the acting of the ensemble cast in Six Feet Under as one of the best ever in any TV drama Series I have seen. 
BRILLIANT. The producers of Martha Stewart Television are brilliant. The content is amazing. The direction fantastic. And the programming content unsurpassed.THIS wedding DVD COLLECTION is worth every penny  
Chain of Fools - Great Film with one Rare Diamond - Elijah Wood. Chain of Fools? Comedy of Errors? Hard to say, except this extremely entertaining farce with a stellar 
Great Concert DVD. Hayley Westerna has a beautiful voice, Fans of artists like Charlotte Church or Sarah Brightman will enjoy this amazing 17 year old from New Zealand. First of 
My Fascination with This Series Is Almost Embarrassing. Between CSI Miami and this, the original series, I think that this series wins hands down. I remember first seeing Petersen Gil 
Annie rocks!. Look at my review for the movie soundtrack. I had a full vinyl copy of the voiced movie, but my mom sold it. I hate that fact, but 
Five stars with reservations . Medium is a very good adult audience supernatural suspense series. The show is mostly convincing with a stellar performance on the part of Ms. Arquette, 
Catherine the Great PBS. I have both versions of Catherine the Great, A&E in their version was lacking in many areas and I was dismayed that they turned one of 
Very good yoga DVD. Hi, I started Kali Ray TriYoga three months ago and I bought that DVD to deepen my practice. I have never practiced Yoga before so I 
The Troubles. Omagh is the heart-wrenching true story of the 1998 terrorist bombing in Omagh, Northern Ireland and it s aftermath. The simple but well-crafted film follows a man named 
Essential Hitchcock, But Not His Best. An early Hitchcock work, Foreign Correspondent is one of Turner Classic Movies Essentials . Johnny Jones Joel McCrea , a crime beat reporter is 
The Spirit of the WARRIOR!. This is a must-have DVD, not only for wrasslin fans, but for all of mankind. You will learn the ways of the WARRIOR and hopefully 
Everyone Loves To Get Hustled. I had heard this Brit TV show was very popular over the pond, and watched a few episodes on A and E, and was immediately 
Odd Couple. It s hard to understand why Amazon would suggest that buyers of the Ann Coulter documentary would also enjoy Michael & Me by Michael Moore!!! A reality check 
Walking the Bible. This DVD was excellent and I have shared it with others in my Bible Study that I teach. Everyone loved it  
Maximus Movimus. Russell Crowe and this picture deserved their Oscars for this terrific movie. I wish they could make another. This was undoubtedly Ridley Scott s best turn as a 
here s the list. hey amazon: please list the CD tracks and DVD songs so we know what we re getting! Here s the songs I got from www.alanjackson.com on 
A generic but entertaining adventure. El-Hazard: The Magnificent World is an anime very much in the Tenchi Muyo! mold: a romantic comedy adventure in which blank-slate protagonist Makoto is thrust 
One of the best. I read a few reviews about this movie. Many disparage the movie. So be it. Live and let live I always say.First of all, I bought 
I could watch BEST IN SHOW 24 hours a day for the rest of my life. Set in the world of championship dog shows and cast with kooky characters who 
Soothing. Very spiritually uplifting. Takes patience to a whole new level. For those seeking spirituality, it bring to the forthfront what faith is all about  
Well worth your time. Early Hackman, REALLY early Melanie Griffith. Cohesive, provocative script that will stand you in good stead for repeated viewing. Interesting photography, particularly the underwater shots. With 
Watch It Even If You Never Watched It On TV!. I never watched the Apprentice when it was on TV. I thought I wouldn t like it because I am 
Memories Are Made Of This!. What do the following have in common?A boy named Ralphie and the phrase You ll poke your eye out !A Red Ryder BB Gun and 
Another Peter Sellers Gem. Sellers is appropriately low-key and gentle in his role of a latter-day sixties Britain cleric whose attempts to emulate the work of Christ are either thwarted 
Suicide Girls - The First Tour. The DVD arrived in a timely matter and the DVD was a gift for a friend who enjoyed watching it  
Highly recommended by all our reviewers. We would just like to agree with the other reviews & say this is an excellent series. This is without doubt the finest collection 
Better than the first. Awesome movie. 5 stars. Cant wait for the next one.. One of my favorite movies.  
Exhausting. Robin Williams is an AFRS disc jockey in Saigon during the Vietnam War. He is fast-talking, zany, unconventional - and a problem for his superiors. Williams is so much 
Maximum WASSage... True, it shouldn t be compared to the other entries. I know its difficult considering the name. I thought Ted Wass would become a comic superstar. He is 
A classic!. We all love a good B-movie, and Q tops my list of guilty pleasures. It is, simply put, a good old-fashioned B-movie romp, with all of the requisite 
Amazing. This movie was moving, and as always, Johnny Depp s performance was flawless.I got this movie on a whim because I love fairy tales and older Disney movies, and 
EXCELLENT, MUST HAVE VIDEOS FOR ALL KIDS. I bought the Talking Words Factory on a whim and it ended up being the best video I have ever purchased. My daughter 
Solid dark comedy and strong metaphor. This is an underrated and little-seen film. If you enjoy thoughtful dark comedies, this is the one for you. Willem Dafoe s expressions and 
Outsatnding Film: Despair And Rebirth!. This is one of the greatest films to come out of the UK in the past 20 years. That s saying quite a bit, considering 
Horror In The Sky. I remember seeing this film when I was 7 or 8 years old and it scared me senseless. Seeing people getting their heads chopped off and 
It s a pretty good anime, but it s great if you re a fan. I remember playing loads of Street Fighter II when it came out when me and 
I wish I was in Dixie... This is one of the best movie about the civil war I ve ever seen. It is the most instructive, realistic, with very good 
Kurosawa s Swashbuckling Film. Of all the directing masters Akira Kurosawa is arguably the greatest. No matter how much praise and hyperbole is shoveled onto his films they always surprise 
Volume Four Starts Strong, But Ends Weakly. This is the fourth set of DVDs that complete the WrestleMania Anthology. Sadly, the last two WrestleManias 19 and 20 aren t that 
GREAT GREAT Soccer Movie. a movie that is not un-realitisc in the world of soccer. good acting and very good story line  
Pretty Darn Good. I admit it, I was surprised at how good this movie was. This was my first bollywood movie ever, I have yet to see even Bride & 
fun and cute. The morning I stumbled on this movie, I was intrigued by the title. I actually watched the whole movie and then watched again. I have read with 
Yes, it s safe. So safe you wouldn t believe... Released in 1976 based on William Goldman s bestseller of the same name, Marathon Man was a greatly anticipated film 
This is a classic.... I bought this DVD through Taiseng awhile back for almost 30.00. And, in a way it was definely worth it. Although, nowadays you can get this 
Excellent, fun work-out!. If you liked Crunch Cadio-Dance Blast with Marie Forleo, you ll like this onewith Jennifer Galardi. All the same good qualities are here. I was happy tofinally 
 Ninotchka, it s midnight. One half of Paris is making love to the other half. . This comment may contain spoilers Those were the days, my friends back in 
GREAT blast from the past!!. I was absolutely addicted to this movie when I was a kid. I watched it over and over several times a day, back to back 
Brilliant study of courage and redemption in the Nazi era. Remember that saying, What if they gave a war and nobody came? It was around in popular culture back in 
The Lost Battalion - better than average war story. Schroder makes a believable leader in this story. Much of the action sequence is done in the same style as Saving 
MTM fourth season. Timeless humor. Funniest episode was the one in which Sue Ann woos Lars away from Phyllis. Awesome  
 Anyone?, Anyone?, Bueller? . Matthew Broderick stars in this very funny film about a high school student who decides to take a day off of school. What happens next 
A classic Movie. Charlton Heston does it again...a great movie for all to watch and learn much about history  
A Fine Tune Indeed !!. A great opportunity to see two of the worlds finest Actors toe to toe in this gritty drama about the Army in post war 1945 
PVD = Divine Inspiration. I have the honour to attend in Boston a Paul Van Dyk concert and I must say that its mantra-techno is divine...sounds and good vibrations can 
It ain t no shoot-um-up western... It s a little draggy but I liked the actors. Good actors can make a good movie great. I liked this movie and saw 
Terrific Collection of Duke s Late Westerns!. While a Western purist would certainly prefer seeing a dream boxed set of John Ford John Wayne s Cavalry trilogy, Stagecoach , and 
Exciting western with Brown, Reynolds, and Welch. 100 Rifles will never be considered a great western, but it is a fun watch with plenty of action and a good leading 
One of my favorite movies of all time. I loved this movie. It helped me to understand that even though the Professor, this could be your customer, or your boss 
Good Action. Not just another action film, but one with a stroy behind it. Makes you think about whether or not we will ever be safe in the USA again 
Touching story about growing up gay in the black community. This touching drama lets you see how growing up gay has changed over two generations in the African American community 
Brilliant! he knows how to make you laugh. The funniest show around!This is the funniest show i ve seen since Mad TV. Dave Chappelle is a genius. I put him 
