Another Great Video from Montreux. I own about 6 DVDs that were recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival. I am amazed that the video and especially the audio quality of 
A Feminist Taxi Driver. I saw Ms. 45 a few months ago and was completely blown away by it. I understand it s been edited, and I assume I saw 
This is the dubbed version of New Legend of Shaolin. An overall decent film with good action sequences. It s just unfortunate that this isn t the original version  
15 minutes of pure genius. This is probably the first film presented like a dream, switching in and out of disturbing sequences and images, the infamous eye slashing scene. Every 
Beautiful Power. This anime becomes more enthralling and complicated the longer you watch. In this volume there seems to be a slight transition in Hitomi s view of Gaea. We 
 There s nothing like a good fright for toning up the circulation. . Throughout the mid 60s and early 70s, Hammer Studios counterpart, Amicus Productions, also known as the 
An Overlooked Classic .... I can t help but to say if you are a fan of The Exorcist , then the sentinel has the same FEEL to it. No 
A classic for women. Although this series is from the early 90s, I only recently discovered it. A timeless story about coming of age - for both of the main 
A little-known gem. Phantom Quest Corp is a poorly publicized title, but a lot of fun. Plenty of laughs, interesting characters, a little fanservice for the otaku set, & a 
Fun and cheerful. Love this movie, everytime I watch it it puts me in a better mood. Sure it s not the best of movies, but it s still entertaing 
... I CAN T BELIEVE EVERYONE IS SAYING THIS MOVIE SUCKS. WELL IT DOESEN T AND TATS A FACT IDIOTS!!! TITANIC IS NOT JUST A LOVE STORY,ITS ALL STORIES COMBINED 
Beautiful. I avoided this movie for a long time even though it looked like one of those movies I d like, because the description just sounded so dreary and depressing. 
Grrrrrrrrr 8. Go Tigers! is a wonderful, and wonderfully deceptive, movie. When viewed casually it flies by like an NFL highlights reel, slick, glossy, beautifully photographed, and expertly edited. These 
Cesar Millan works miracles with dogs!. Not only does he go in and calm down out of control dogs, he is able to educate owners to continue the new and 
Made me hungry !. Very enjoyable & light-hearted look at some great, Mom & Pop burger joints around the US. An absolute must for any restaurant owner or burger fan 
Charming production. This is a lovely production with a beautiful fairy-book setting by Zefferelli that enhances the storybook nature of the opera. It is very playful and funny as well. 
As Raw as It Gets. This documentary is Real and Raw it gives you a perspective on life in new orleans Uptown Ghetto. showing raw footage of Calliope, Magnolia and 
IF THESE WALLS COULD TALK 2. I LOVE THIS MOVIE A BIT MORE THAN #1 MOVIE IF THESE WALLS COULD TALK , MAYBE CAUSE MORE UP TO DATE, AND MORE 
We Get What We Bring: Be a Guest at the Feast. We get what we bring. This principle is brilliantly illustrated in the responses here to Daughters of Dust, Julie 
Excellent. I m glad this is finally available on DVD - I ve just about worn out my old VHS version of it. On this DVD you get an introduction 
Four-and-a-half. After reading this short review, please read on. The other reviewers will tell you some info that might be useful to you.My review is short for two reasons: 1 
Iha Te people like that. I really wish people stop making stupid comments without seeing tha movie the movie is a great movie in fact is better than all of 
Disney Classic. It s Disney: automatic 5 stars. I also love that Amazon offers free shipping, but keeps prices low. I always look here before purchasing anything from any other 
A brilliant restaging of Sullivan & Gilbert s masterpiece. There are times I am convinced that The Mikado is the best Sullivan & Gilbert opera ever, but that is only 
Very Good Film. This was a great Thai film with some really amazingly beautiful visuals. The premise was really interesting and I appreciate the look it gave me into certain 
I am a card carrying member of the NRA but. I really liked and enjoyed this movie. The acting was excellent and the plot twists and action kept my attention. 
BABYLON 5 CONTINUED?. I saw this pilot when it was first released. I enjoyed the entire BABYLON 5 series and was sorry to see it come to a close. I 
Delightful comedy classic. Blake Edwards THE PINK PANTHER has held up well over the years. It is, of course, the start of one of the funniest and most popular comedy 
Old Movies. I had never seen GWTW and am so very glad it was available on DVD. Thanks  
A Christmas Carol Patrick Stewart. I think this is the best of the Christmas Carol movies I have seen. It is very true to the book, carries the English accent, 
No one s been able to live in it. It doesn t want people. One of the supposed reasons why ghosts remain in this world is that they were murdered, 
Tasty, But Beware the Donut Hole. Midsomer Murders a popular British television mystery series, ran for seven seasons. It s an anglophile mystery lovers dream, in many ways. Episodes take 
All the senses of love. This film is mesmerizing in its air of mystery and dark passions, done by Bresson obviously under Cocteau influence - the image of Cocteau s 
Lots of Fun and Excitement. THE INCREDIBLES is a first-class animated film about a superhero and his family who are forced to seek the anonymity of a government witness protection 
Great DVD, if you re a photographer. ...I think it s the best in the Sports Illustrated series, and I have all of them. But I m a photographer, and 
Great Educational tool. This series of short videos is a great tool for parents to teach their kids various topics, English Grammar, Math, How our form of Government should work, 
4 Stars for Cultishness and Charm!. I watched this movie on UMD on my PSP, not the DVD version and I thoroughly enjoyed it. It was a great movie, and 
Wonderful production of Wilde s best loved comedy. This 1952 version of the Oscar Wilde classic romantic is as good to watch today as it ever was. Michael Redgrave stars 
Cimino first triumphant debut... The very first shot of Thunderbolt and Lightfoot - a faultless composition, fifty per cent wispy Idaho sky, fifty per cent cornfield - establishes an elegant 
Excelente!!. Es una estupenda compra. Se la compre a mi hija de 2 aos y medio, esta encantada! La recomiendo, es muy buena inversion, mi hija ha aprendido mucho con 
One of My Favorite Things. This movie is a wonderful and entertaining adaptation of the children s book by E B. White, which was published all the way back in 
5 Stars for the first...none for the sequel. The first Dragonheart movie is the best dragon movie ever made!!!...the story line is just awesome! Draco Looks so real and his 
GET OUT THE TISSUES. That s right...if you watch the whole first season in succession as I did, you ll probably need a large box of Kleenex, because it s 
One of my ten top cult movies of that year!. There are films and that s one of them that from the initials shots catch the immediate attention of the 
top notch. excellent movie for people that appreciate music, or for young folks that play music or are thinking about playing an instrument or starting a band. Hilarous  
In my top 5!. Every year as Thanksgiving approaches we pull this movie out and watch it. It is easily one of my top 5 favorite comedies ever! John Candy 
26.99, yeah that caught my eye. This is a great movie but I bought it at cd tradepost for 2.99. And it has crystal clear picture with dual languages and 
This DVD release fills me with inertia! . Bedazzled is my personal favorite film, and although it is not always laugh-out-loud funny, it consistently surprises the viewer with its wit 
A total Betty!. Clueless starring the charming Alicia Silverstone is such a cool and funny film from writer director Amy Heckerling. I loved this movie when it came out in 
hooray!. It is so exciting to finally have all these cartoons available! I grew up watching them on the Disney Channel, but they don t show these on TV anymore, 
A wonderful concert in your own home. This simply is a brilliant show. The opening song is explosive and the tempo of the show gracefully shifts throughout the evening. It 
Excelente!!!. Esta es un clasico de mi generacin. Muy buena pelicula, excelentes actores y un soundtrack increible. La recomiendo totalmente!  
Deserves 10 stars!!!!. I have been a Golden Girls fan since before the show went into sindication and I will FOREVER be! It doesn t matter how many times you 
Awesome. I just bought this yesterday. I had to. A friend of mine has it and she showed me some of the videos and they were awesome. So I had 
Complete first three seasons a must for the real fan. Its rare when DVD season sets are released close together. Usually fans have to wait 10-12 months for a new 
Will Ferrill at his greatest!!!!. THis is by far one of the funniest movies ever. I went and saw this opening in the theater and was laughing the whole time. 
A Classic. It s a beautiful classic made during our time. If you love romance, this is a beatiful remake of a classic. Love the children s and Annette s 
Violent But Very Good. There are a lot of violent characters that commit some very violent acts in this film, including rape, arson, murder and kidnapping. I mention this first 
One of a kind. When I sat down to watch a movie called Three Woman with the knowledge that one of the three woman is Shelley Duvall, my first reaction 
Beautiful quality and we love Keanu!!. Ok so who cannot love this movie!?? Well a few, but we loved it and that may have to do with the fact that 
House of the Fulci zombie!. I am proud to say I have seen about every zombie movie that at least I m aware of. With over at least a hundred 
Robot underwear. There, I said it!Excuse my little funny and lets get to business, bare with me a minute.One: No one will ever convince me a robot--or massive object--standing better 
Miracle on 34th Street. Always one of those must see movies during the Christmas season. Superb acting from an all star cast and the DVD offers the purity of classic 
Attack of the 50 ft woman. Good movie,my wife wanted it but I also thought it was entertaining  
Movie for dreamer. I am not a movie buff like i used to be during college days. Now i dont even want to watch a movie even if it is 
A big popular star film of its time... Gregory Peck plays Harry Street, a famous American writer, who lies dangerously ill in a hunting camp at the foot of the 
Great film, fascinating murder case!. Just saw the Canadian film Torso: The Evelyn Dick Story on the Lifetime Channel and loved it. While I was watching it, I had little 
A much maligned film in its day, now regarded rightfully as a masterpiece. I saw this film mainly because David Lean, one of my favorite film directors, directed some scenes 
The theme song was NOT changed. This is in response to the concerns a couple people have raised about the theme song. In the original broadcast run the theme song 
Amazing. I enjoyed this movie tremendously. I like the ocean 11 with george clooney, brad pitt and matt damon. but the orignial is...well...just the original. you can t compare the 
Good Flick. Pretty funny movie , different kind of feel to it.Especially interesting if you live in Seattle where it was filmed , a lot of familiar places.  
Not Deathstalker but very good. I like the barbarian queen movies as much as I like the mid deathstalker sequels not touching the first or 4th one but as good 
Hungarian-Jewish history that spans three generations of one AMAZING family!. I purchased this film on the strength of so many of the excellent reviews here at Amazon.What a smart move 
You Deserve To Read This Book. I have had the pleasure to read this lifechanging book by Andy Andrews. He is by far such an inspiring person. His book will 
Me McPhee. My children and grand-children almost swears that this is about me. I did thoroughly enjoy this moviem, and it came so quickly, that I d forgotten about ordering 
Beautiful film by a talented and underrated director. The War is an underrated film by an equally underrated director. Jon Avnet, who made this film, also made Fried Green Tomatoes 
Great Classic. I bought this for my boys, since I grew up watching the Flintstones after school. I loved it and I wanted my boys to get to experience this 
Not the same as the book, but still captivating. Yes, of course the film is not the same as the book. They never are, are they?I read Mists of Avalon 
Surprisingly faithful adaption of TH White s fantasy book. I really loved TH White s 1938 book The sword in the stone when I read at 12 in the 1960 
I Love this movie!. This movie has great actors, a great screenplay, and a great director. I can t fully write how good this film is and why it s 
Blackmore s Night - Castles and Dreams. This is a wonderful DVD for any fan of Blackmore s Night...it will even drawn those not familiar with their music. The beautiful 
The amazing true life story of a man of character... Papillon is the forceful portrait of a defiant man, who survives harrowing years of his life in small solitary cells, 
about the movie White Man s Burden........ This DVD film movie is sold at Singapore videoshops and I manged to grab one copy....hee hee...I have watched it and the story 
survivor series 2002. 6 man table matchJeff Hardy,Spike Dudley,Bubba Ray vs 3 minute warning,RicoGreat match awesome start to an awesome ppv Cruiserweight ChampionshipBilly Kidman vs Jamie Noblegreat cruiserweight match Womens 
A very cheerful little flick with a great soundtrack. I feel deeply for those who have had their favorite books ripped to shreds by a movie nothing on earth could 
One thing missing... As long as we continue to rave about Johnny Depp s performances here, I will add his exposition from the episode, How I Saved the Senator . 
My baby LOVES this DVD. My baby is mesmerized by this DVD. I highly recommend this as a great learning experience for children  
My favorite Austin. This is a very soothing film, something like comfort food. It is very romantic, but it contains a realism that is applicable to modern era. One idea 
Subtle and Moving. This movie is quiet, and subtle. Funny and heartbreaking. Moving and frightening. In many ways it surpasses The Sixth Sense for me as Shyamalan s truly Great 
A Lot Better Than The First 5 Minutes Might Have You Thinking. Not terribly original, quite predictable much of the time, and with various other little shortcomings popping up here 
It Doesn t Get Much Better Than This. OK, I ll admit it: I bought this DVD because I like watching Shakira bellydance. But I soon discovered that I like 
Better The Second TIme Around. The second season of Curb Your Enthusiasm is even better than the first. The main characters are the same, with Larry David playing himself, Jeff 
Fantastic for 8-year-old. Our 8-year-old daughter loves superheroes, and this DVD totally delights her. The characters are interesting, and there s genuinely funny parts she laughs hysterically at some parts 
100 John Wayne. Another great John Wayne movie. How can you beat a movie with the Duke in it?? This is no exception. Good guys vs. bad guys. Gunfights. Great 
Grey s Anatomy Season One. It was just a great hospital drama, already looking forward to Season Two and Three  
Hokey and schlocky, The Tingler delivers!. At the writing of this review there were 38 other synopses of this film, The Tingler . With that in mind, I won t 
Rescued. Bought this for my 3-year old granddaughter. It s perfect. She keeps watching it, over and over and over. Disney classic is right  
A bit confusing at first, but then I got really into it. Awesome movie. Nolan is a genius. Mind-boggling thriller that changes your reaction since it s told in reverse. 
Wow. Great movie for sport and Air Bud fanAwesome effects and a nice mystery to top things up  
Great Start for People With a Busy Lifestyle. I m a college student who was recently diagnosed with IBS. A homeopath recommended Yoga to me, but with my busy lifestyle, 
The BEST MUSIC DVD of Whitney. It s definitely worth buying. The picture is attractive, and gorgeous. The dancing is exciting. It made me dance while watching this DVD. The 
wanda s opinion. This is one of the greatest movies I have watched. I know I have probably watched the movie twenty times in the past. It has heart and 
Pretty Good War Movie. This film is very underrated. It was released between two very big Vietnam War films Platoon and Full Metal Jacket, so it didn t get as 
Very good historical drama. Good role for Crowe, well directed and appears to be fairly accurate of Roman Empire lif  
Another must see for history students. As with all movies about history, I review them from the perspective of the history teacher and leave all of the other particulars to 
Great, but not for Beginners. I have been bellydancing for 6-7 years, off and on; taken classes from a couple different teachers and own about a dozen bellydance DVD s, 
Wanna know?. Do you wanna know what friendship and respect are all about? Watch one of my favorite dvd s - Dinner Rush - and make the discovery. Excellent film 
Chilling end to this trilogy. I watched the first trilogy as a kid and these films are good for many reasons. You realize the complexity of the storyline and the 
A REAL SPECIAL EDITION !!!. How many times have you seen the special edition label in a DVD cover? Many times i`m sure, but that could mean anything. From new 
The amazing golf ball dancing sequence!!!!!!!!. Look at Amazon s description of the whole movie and the other reviewers, I m going to write about my favourite scenes!My favourite scene 
ha ha ha great movie!!! ha ha ha!!!. greatly funny!!!a must get!!!hillarious!!!wow and a ha ha!!!i recomend this movie to all who love rock and to all who love comedy...and 
Lives That Intertwine. In the same vein as Crash and Pulp Fiction, this film deals with seperate stories whose characters accidently intersect literally at one point in the plot. Very 
Terry comes out of the shadow of the Bat. Batman Beyond s second season expands on the storyline first, developing the character of Terry McGuiness and exploring his universe. A 
Fun Film. This one of the early gay plot films. I like it because it is light. I really like the main characters, Kline, Selleck and Cusack make a great 
Very Good. I really liked this movie and think is too underrated. It has a great story line and plot. Although Katie Holmes has a small part it is a 
A return to form for Wes Craven. The last few times we ve seen the words directed by Wes Craven on anything, it hasn t really been anything to write 
See This Movie.You will never see another like it !!! . See This Movie.You will never see another like it.THEY WILL NEVER ALLOW ANOTHER LIKE IT TO BE MADE AGAIN 
Better Than Most Bio-Pics. Tim Burton s Ed Wood, a surreal bio-pic is one of the most entertaining, inspiring, and funny bio-pics I ve seen. No wonder really since it 
An over-the-top comedy - and good because of it! B . From beginning to end, this film is filled with tons of effective silliness; a few examples include Bruce Willis 
I have to go with an A for Effort. I ve had this movie since it was first released and yes I laughed at various parts of the movie when 
A Classic. I picked this one up mostly because I wanted to see why Directors like Sergio Leone and George Lucas were inspired by this film. It s easy to 
SIMPLY BEAUTIFUL... I never heard of this film until I saw it on somebody s amazon list. I read many reviews and decided to give it a try. Wow, what 
A charming, screwball musical. Most folks will pay attention to this film becuase it s an early piece by choreographer Bob Fosse -- but it is a fun bit of 
Memories were lit up. Haven t seen this movie in years...and last year, around Christmas, I was looking for a gift for a friend and seen the DVD for sale 
 That s My Bush has my vote. This show was so good I voted for George W. Bush twice. The writers of South Park are extremely talented and Timothy 
Good Story Poor editing. Mi Destino eres tu had a good story but like most soaps the execution feel short. The story is about a young sucessful attorney Andrea whose 
The Cuckoo: A History Lesson of Finnish Involvement in WWII. HISTORY LESSON: To explain some things that a lot of people reviewing this film don t understand, Finland was NEVER 
I can t believe I found it!!!. I have been looking for this movie for a while. It was great to be able to add it to my Disney collection. 
Family Favorite. This movie starring Tim Robins, is one of our family favorites. I don t think it got the credit, or exposure that it should have. Strangely weird, and 
Fancy a fine film... This film is great! Charlotte Brittain Linda is a breath of fresh air. Ben Silverstone Steven is very authentic and charming in his own way. At 
Queen of pretensions. Excellent show. Hyacinth is always trying to impress others with her social standing she is constantly being frustrated by her sister s family and their lower class 
Gregory a fait boom!!!. I saw this film in French class last week, and it s the funniest and BEST French film I ve ever seen. Although we have to 
Fun, fun movie!. Okay...I ll take a pass on doing a profound, pick-it-to-pieces review and will only say that this is a fun, fun movie! Some may think it lacks 
a must see. If you?re interested in swords or practice any of the Japanese Sword arts, this video is a must-see. It explains kata and techniques in great detail and 
Happy!. I purchased this item for my son at Christmas. It came quickly and in time for Christmas. My son is happy. Thank you I love Amazon, they always have 
 The Wild Wild Wonderful . I have enjoyed this show as a child and am enjoying it more now due to this release. The quality is excellent and the 
Good Idea, altered for Artistic Purposes. This is a great feel good movie, but Hollywood altered the story for theatricality. In the film, a group of students who are having 
My-HiME review. My HiME vol. 1 starts off as a basic introduction to the series, which excels at taking the standard tropes of shounen and magical girl series and blending 
The Man In The Mirror Told Me I Was Fired... ...And then he tried to shave me. This is my favorite season of this show because it has such a 
Ol Yellowstain. This is an absolutely astounding film. This is where it all came from. A Few Good Men? Men Of Honor? No, they don t hold a court-room candle 
Cute! Funny! Fashionable!. GREAT movie - one of my favorites. GREAT cast, wonderful costumes, romantic dialogue, and a funny plot line. Is definitely light hearted and classic British comedy. Also 
Entertaining, poignant and heart-warming. Driving Miss Daisy is about an elderly, well-to-do, widow named Miss Daisy Jessica Tandy , a retired school-teacher. Her son believes that she needs extra help 
A worthy video DVD success. Office Space bombed at the box office in February 1999, pulling in only 10,827,810 domestically according to Box Office Mojo. It limped into what appeared 
 :D .... :D .... ;D . I usually don t like remakes but this one is great! My family and I watched both the original and the new version 
Classic movie that s open to interpretation. I just finished watching When Harry Met Sally for probably the tenth time. It s been years since I ve seen it and 
Murky atmospheric Western saga. Robert Altman s McCabe and Mrs. Miller is a gloomy, subdued tale of the Old West filmed with magnificent cinematography in the Pacific Northwest.Warren Beatty playing 
Finally, a great DVD film transfer of this classic!. This DVD put out by NoShame Films is the best quality DVD of this film ever put out!The picture and sound 
This is the real thing. I have three kids and have used this program on VHS, so I never had the DVD problem discussed by other reviewers in the first 
A movie for any softball player out there. Wow... A League of Their Own was by far the best movie I have ever seen. For any softball player out there 
LIKE DICKENS-A CHRISTMAS CAROL?. This is not your typical Jack Lemon or Doris Day comedy. It s an old fashioned heart felt story where the bad guy has a touch 
a most incredible viewing experience!. Wow! This was a most impressive film! People before me have written so eloquently about this film and I will not even try to attempt 
&quot;Colonial Warfare In America&quot;. An excellent film!This takes place at Fort Pitt when Pittsburgh was a frontier town in 1763 during Pontiac s War a by-product of The French &amp; 
A Superlative Anime in Nearly Every Respect. Big O is an important anime for many reasons; the most important reason, however, is this: Big-O is the first anime that an 
A steamy, genuinely suspenseful thriller. Sea of Love is certainly a better than average steamy crime thriller, but it didn t really bowl me over. Pacino s very good, of 
horror. Even though that the effects of this movie were not all that good these people who made this movie have a good soul to show some thing like this 
Johnny Depp. As usual, a riveting performance fromone of my favorites. Highly recommended for Depp fans  
Makes me laugh... This was a great movie. While not my favorite John Wayne movie, it is still a good one! I always laugh at the scenes where his character 
This is the sexiest film ever made ... ...and Bertolucci s best film since the Conformist. This is a film about people who love films - who also happen to 
Great popcorn muncher. This film is in no way a classic, BUT, and thats a BIG BUT...this film is very entertaining and has great replay value. Washington is a superb 
Great Product - Fantastic Bargain. I recommend this DVD set for anyone even halfway interested in John Wayne and or John Ford films. Great editions of eight classic or near 
WHO WANTS CAKE!. Strangers with Candy was one of the most underrated shows on Comedy Central but didn t last very long. I m very glad they decided to put 
Enjoy the Humor Ignore the Pretentions. Allen gives homage to Fellini as he stars as a successful film director besieged by fans and critic who enjoy his earlier, funnier work. 
a really good flick... this was actually a reall good movie. i remember renting it years ago and was oddly fascinated with it. it s always nice to see something 
Manowar masterpiece! great!!. This album is just great,it is like an audio movie from the begining to the end not including bonus track amazing music that included not just heavy 
One of the best films ever made. This review is also written at IMDB.com . The story continues with more people stuck in a Cube-like prison, but is that all? 
Life in the Freezer. My grandchildren, 7, 5 and 4 were fascinated by this dvd and love watching it. These presentations are first class and a great way to introduce 
Great Movie...... How can we ever be disappointed by a Anthony Hopkins performance? In my opinion, one of the best actors of all time especially his portrayal of Hannibal Lecter 
The Murder Room. This is an excellent P.D. James mystery and involves many well developed characters. There is also Adam Dagliesch s underlying story of his relationship. It is most 
CLASSIC MUSICAL!!. Lil Abner is a fantastic musical which is pleasing to both children, as well as adults! The movie plays like a comic strip cartoon and is a must 
Don t put Cold Comfort Farm in a two for one package!. I have already seen the wonderful gem of a movie, Cold Comfort Farm, but will not order it 
Tough workout for 30 minutes. This DVD is a good pilates workout. It has a 30 minute workout and a 15 minute bonus workout for when you are pressed for 
Thirty Years Later. I first saw Brian s Song it aired thirty years ago. It is as good today as it was then. Roger Goura  
FLCL Volumes 1 - 3. This series must get an award for simple originality. None of the characters follow the same anime stereotypes we ve come to know as anime 
 :D ....ok. This movie gives you the chills, it reminds you of the all-time classic Wall-Street with Bud Fox & Gordon Gecko. Only this time it is played by 
Outstanding British WW2 Period Drama!. Set during WW2 on the German-occupied British Channel Island of Guernsey, just a few miles off the coast of France, Enemy at the Door is 
Very plesantly surprised!. I decided to buy a couple strawberry shortcake movies when my 3 year old daughter received a bunch of Strawberry shortcakes for her birthday. These are very 
gotta love it. getting married soon & can t help watching all these great wedding movies  
New approach in Watercolour. An excellent variation on watercolour technique. Very well explained and filmed. Avoids the same as usual treatment for water and pigments.Strongly recommended  
Very Funny!. This is one of our favorite movies, and being sailors, we - and almost every other sailor we know - always have this movie on our boat! This 
I don t like chicken and I HATE clowns, but I LOVE this film. There s no middle ground with this movie - you love it or hate it. When 
Wonderful Teaming of Actors. I just saw the edited version of &quot;White Palace&quot; and I remember how much I enjoyed the uncut version, with its gritty realism. Please note the 
The Chosen. This movie gives wonderful insight into a part of religious life that not many of us are aware of. Moving into the lives of these two young men 
The Real Ghost World. I m captivated by Michelangelo Antonioni s L Eclisse. There s a phrase I can t stand in modern criticism: Not for everyone. Many would apply 
It s de-lightful. This movie floored me when I saw it in the theater and I knew I would own it. I have loved watching it again and catching more 
More of a rock spectacle than a concert. Live from Sydney is the first DVD release to actually take place long before the others. Done around the Achtung Baby Zooropa 
Absolutely enjoyable. For when you need a relaxing few moments of a good, British comedy. The interaction between Julie Andrews and Colin Firth is wonderful and sets the tone of 
I love this movie!!!!. I saw this as a happy accident . my roommate left it in the wrong case, so thinking I was watching goodfellas for the millionth time, 
What an awesome film!. This musical is unlike any other. I don t like musicals at all, but this one is nothing like I ve ever seen. If you like 
Classic Elvis. This movie is Hawaii at it s most beautiful and Elvis at his most entertaining. It s a fun romp in the sun and makes you wish you 
To be young and misunderstood. A truly wonderful movie about a 12-year-old boy who feels unloved and unwanted by his parents, misunderstood at school - a cog with no wheel 
Steele great after all these years. There should be separate star ratings for dvds--one rating for the show itself and one for the dvd special features. I can t bear 
The Brosnan Russo Affair. SPOILER ALERTThe ending of this 118-minute marvel seems an almost foregone conclusion. The bored billionaire did it. However, he and the sexy insurance detective play with 
Superman Second Season is GREAT!!!. Brings back my childhood! Wish I had kept my Superman Cape from childhood which was fashioned by an old red towel! But I couldn t 
Glamour s Underbelly Revealed. Boogie Nights does for the disco seventies and the porn industry what Nashville did to country music. It shows the underside of the glamour presented. The 
An Excellent Film: And A Very Unpredictable Ending!. There are countless reviews here, so I will make this one short. First, I am always amazed when I meet people who 
Sting s Best Solo Band and work . I was very pleased to see Bring on the Night released on DVD. I remember seeing this movie in the theaters many 
What can I say?. A Movie that will make you wonder if it could be true. It made you wonder what would happen next or if they would be able 
Charade. Quick to receive my CD and would recommend and do business with this seller again.Thank you so much,Carol  
Home Improvement... Roderick Usher Vincent Price has a serious medical condition. He is stricken with a severe heightening of the senses which turns the slightest touch, sound, sight, taste, or 
Captures 1984 NewYork paranoia. This DVD is not the original cut film I own on Vhs. I prefer the ending and placement of scenes from that one. The romantic ending 
wonderful movie. treasure plnet is the best movie ever. I wanted to watch over & over again! it is the a wonderful story. I think it needs to have 10 
Full of Fun. This a great movie as well. Never know what you will get into by moving to another town. A must see!  
Great documentary, very eye-opening. The movie starts out a bit slow and I started to wonder what the point was going to be, but once it got into it I 
A White Cat?!. After viewing Wag the Dog I can say that I did in fact enjoy watching it, but I m not wholly sure why. Well lets start with 
Real Women Have Curves. the movie is great, but I found that the DVD bonus features which included an additional scene-Ana,one year later, was not included.Every thing else was there,but 
What I think. A movie of excellence,although brutal in its story.The acting is superb not to mention the costumes.The story of course is of a gladiator,his love,his loyalty.The pcitures and 
Great story, disappointing storytelling. The most striking thing about this film is the fact that this is actually a real story. This makes you set high expectations. You want to 
verdict. a very powerful performance film by both paul newman and jack wardena film of the past deliversjack warden was underrated but in this film he certainly gives his bstpaul 
One of the best ever. Bereft of any promotion, Huff crept unnoticed into the UK, via a new and little known satellite channel called FX. I took a gamble and 
One of my all time favorite movies. The Joy Luck Club, in my opinion is about as close to a perfect movie as I have ever seen. I would not 
Funny kon fu almost anime like. This movie you have to wachet with eyes of a children and you will enjoy it allot, the kun fu is good but i 
Still the most handsome man ever!. Tom Selleck is the greatest, the most genuine, and the most handsome. I love his Magnum, P.I. series, as well as his other movies, 
Ditto...But Tiran Porter didn t sing that part... Mega dittoes that this is a great concert, well performed by all. But one reviewer needs to clear the fog from their 
Absolutely wonderful DVD!!!. This dvd is wonderful! I got it as a bday gift for my co-worker s 15yr old daughter and even as a complete beginner she was able 
Red Dwarf Fans Must See!!!!. This was the final series in my collection!! Yeh.I was so exited I couldn t wait for it to arrive. I was not disappointed! It 
Cooper DeMille &amp; Loads Of Fun!. Unconquered is two-and-a-half hours of non-stop adventure set during the French-and-Indian War. It is also a wonderful love story. Gary Cooper and Paulette Goddard 
 MAX-I-MUM ~ It s The Goof Boy! . The wonderfully hilarious animated film `A Goofy Movie was released in 95 minus all the fanfare that generally accompanies a Walt 
Excellent antidote for new baby sibling rivalry. My 3 1 2 year old watched this video over and over after her new baby sister was born. A very positive, realistic, 
Back to My Childhood. Grew up watching Have Gun Will Travel. Very pleased to have it out on a DVD format. Watched the first season and am very pleased. bought 
Triumphant Dramatization. Billy Crudup approaches the role of Steve Prefontaine in Without limits a little differently than Jerod Leto did in Prefontaine. His is a more laid-back characterization, almost happy 
True Passion. I have had the recording of Stephen Sondheim s Passion for quite some time now. I love Sondheim, but I never could really get into the music very 
Good abdominal workout. This video was my first experience with pilates. I had heard before that pilates was Very Difficult from some moaning friends. After using the video three times, 
...a solid prison drama. Bad Boys is a solid prison drama starring Sean Penn State Of Grace, Fast Times At Ridgemont High , Reni Santoni Cobra , Ally Sheedy The 
 3.5 STARS D. J. Caruso s Stylish Noir with Interesting Characters and Character Actors . Before shooting the so-so thriller Taking Lives featuring Angelina Jolie, D. J. Caruso gathered 
Dead-Pan Bawdy Fun. What can you say about a guy like Hanzo Itami? He s a cop in the shogun s police force, a lone wolf, incorruptible, grim and dedicated 
Gremlins 2. Gremlins 2 is a hyperactive sequel to the 1984 Gremlins film, featuring a lot more types of Gremlins and Mogwai, as well as a few guest stars like 
Needs No Help at All !. It is a pleasure to watch The Beatle s film Help. It s easy listening, lighthearted and a nice snapshot in time when they 
Blue Hawaii Movie. Excellent movie with Elvis Presley. The singing is awesome. Nice love story and beautiful scenery to showcase Hawaii  
A Big Commercial Hit. I think it s a very watchable movie that doesn t pretend to be anything other than what it is...a well-crafted, commercial vehicle for two big 
Oh boy!. Criterion has provided us with the nicest French cinema bonanza since their Antoine Doinel cycle set of a few years ago. These Rohmer chat-fests are a litmus test 
A must in every movie library!. Definitely the best submarine movie ever! All 209 minutes of the movie are thrilling and very captivating. A must in every movie library  
Say Hello to Tony. Scarface is the story of the rise and fall of Cuban refugee Tony Montana, who comes from the gutter and soon becomes a drug lord in 
Classic surf film from 1999. This is a classic surf film from 1999. One of my personal favorites. Jack Johnson actually made this film. Chris Malloy did the art direction. 
 To understand the place, you have to listen to the music it plays . German-born Turkish director Faith Akin captures in his film the endless variety of the different 
Don t wait for September. A classic movie offering. Enjoy Bobby Darins screen debut with future wife Sandra Dee. Rock Hudson and Gina Lollabrigida make a fine couple as a 
Monk -Season 4. I love Monk and watch it faithfully. I began getting the season DVD sets as soon as they are available. Monk is a private detective that is 
This Caper keeps terrific suspense!. Sean Connery, Dustin Hoffman, and Mathew Broderick play profession-thief grandfather, conservative father, and innovative-genius son. When genius son invites Gramps in on a hiest, Daddy 
So birthday wishes really do coame true. This movie Liar liar was the funniest Jim Carry movie ever!!!!!!!  
Can You Say Nut Case Boys and Girls?. Funny, only one other reviewer here noticed, or had the guts, to state the obvious: the girl in this movie is OBVIOUSLY 
Matthau is Supreme. The First Monday in October refers to the first day the Supreme Court is in session each year. On Broadway it starred Henry Fonda and Martha Scott. 
Good movie. This was a gift for my mother in law. She loved it. I watched the movie with her, I thought it was a good story  
Awesome Film. This film was a real winner. Again, had that Grind house feel type movie and sure enough, you can see why this movie tried to cash in on 
A good, funny, action packed movie. I love this movie. I didn t know how it would be at first. Mainly because of the huge difference in the two actors. 
Up close and personal with Sarah McLachlan. If you are a hard-core fan or a casual listener of Sarah McLachlan s work you will not be disappointed with this DVD. 
Charade. Quick to receive my CD and would recommend and do business with this seller again.Thank you so much,Carol  
Stabbed in the Back. I like this film version of Julius Caesar. Metaphorically speaking, Caesar s contemporaries stabbed him in the back while literally stabbing him to death. The assassins 
11:14. I find this a well put together flick. there are parts that remind me of my past, a fast thrill, a fast buck and covering up for mistakes made 
curious george collector s edition . I wish I would have read the reviews before purchasing this DVD.Even though my three year old daughter loves it, I was expectinga Curious 
Great Set. These are the Wrestlemanias I have been waiting for. I have watched every Wrestlemania and these are among my favorites for a few reasons:1 Most of the matches 
Awesome Comedy. This was one of the funniest movies I ve seen in a very long time. It s definitely Ben Stiller s best movie to date and I ve 
Voices of the other side!. This is an interesting movie, well written and made with a sense of prevision and increasing tension. If the first third of the film has 
 Give em What Fer, Davy. . Story books tell they wuz all cut low,Truth of it is, it jest ain t so.Their spirits ll livean their legends growas long 
Zatoichi - The Blind Swordsman Box Set. OK, this definately looks very promising. I saw a version of this on the Flix channel about three nights ago. It was good. 
A VERY INSPIRING MOVIE. BASED ON A TRUE STORY, A CHICAGO DRUG DEALER [OMAR EPPS] IS CAUGHT DEALING DRUGS ON THE STREET AND IS FACED WITH EITHER FIVE YEARS IN 
Combines two other sports movie giftsets plus 8 additional films. This bundle combines two very good sports giftsets:The Grand Slam Giftset - Bull Durham Pride of the Yankees Eight Men 
yo this is a great dvd to buy. i think this a good dvd collector set to buy but are they ever going to make a second season or volume 
 My mother told me never to do this . No other film has incurred the ire of prolific critic Roger Ebert more than 1986 s The Hitcher. ...diseased and 
Attention All Lunkheads. This is addressed to each of those mountaineering purists who have elected to chime in and complain about this film s lack of authenticity. Hello?!!! It s 
Katie s Cute. Katie Holmes is wonderful as April in this modern-family faces adversity, drama-comedy. The down and gritty Upper East Side is home to Tom Cruise s paramour. No 
The quality of the movies makes the waiting more eventful. Update Jan 27, 2006 :I am still waiting for this 3-pack placed last October. I have repeatedly asked the company 
Pressing Error? Please read and post your review to help!. I Love, I Love Lucy!!!!!!! I have collected all of the DVD s and think Paramount has done a FANTASTIC 
Sounds great. The sound is better than on a lot of Thunders albums. This is a great performance from all 3, Thunders is notable for a lucid and very affecting 
If you dont own season 1-5. If you dont own season 1-5 and you are a south park fan that is ready to spent that much money then go for 
Jane Wyman is great! The story is moving. I just discovered Jane Wyman a couple of weeks ago when I saw All that Heaven Allows, another Wyman triumph. In Johnny 
Great for Beginners like Me. I just finished my 6th week and this duplicates just about everything I do in class. This is my 4th Tai Chi DVD and so 
This movie is for the original rap kids that grew up with the hiphop culture.............. Being a preteen in the early to mid eighties meant seeing the hiphop culture form 
amazing. I realy enjoyed this DVD. the numbers are filmed very well and the choise of numbers is amazing. very recomended to broadway lovers  
Voice-over commentary bonus feature rates 5 stars. Many cinema lovers will enjoy this film; some will not. There s enough opinions on the film already posted that I ll not 
Wait for the Special Edition. Warner s has announced there will be a 2 DVD special edition of the Searchers out in 2006, with a complete restoration of the print 
Don t Let the Pig Speak to You! Unnoticed cinematography!. This film is truly a masterpiece! Unless you re so up on your research, or unless you watched the extra 
The Best Movie Ever . Xmen III is one of the best movies ever!!The intense battle between the different philosophies of Xavier and Magneto is at its peak in the 
This may be Joni s finest song. This is an essential dvd to own if the music has reached you.When I first started listening to her music, nice songs were 
My number one gay movie. I never get tired of watching this movie over and over again so that might mean that there is something really good about it, right? 
Don t be fooled. Don t be fooled by the dated production on this long running title. The methods and the presentation work!!!!!!! It will tighten those abs and make 
Thoughtful, provocative slice of life. Do the Right Thing chronicles a scorching hot summer day in the predominantly black Bedford Stuyvesant neighborhood. We are quickly introduced to a variety of 
put it back on tv. The firtst time I saw starship troopers, I could not believe my eyes. The artistry of animation is truly impressive. A dream come true for 
 The King of B-Westerns & Serials...VCI Entertainment ~ Long John Silver 1954 . VCI Entertainment presents the original adventure restored to all it s theatrical glory Long John Silver 
What happens when meat eaters switch to sugar. I m tired of films in which everything is spelled out. Some great twist is revealed right on cue at the very 
Funny, realistic, excellent acting!. Saved is a funny movie about a girl - who is dealing with her boyfriend - who has announced he is gay... Then how she figures 
Elvira always pleases. This is a fun movie. Not as great as Elvira s first movie but still will have you wanting more. I actually bought this movie first and 
One of the Best Ever. I watched the original movie long ago and remember it a little. It had been nice, but I wasn t too charmed with the characters. 
Funny Funny Funny. I saw this movie years ago. It is, perhaps, the funniest, most bizarre film I have ever seen. I like it despite Nicholas Cage, who I dislike 
A classic Movie. Charlton Heston does it again...a great movie for all to watch and learn much about history  
Elmo s Magic Cookbook. I got this after seeing Elmo on Emeril Live one night, and Emeril is in Elmo s DVD. Elmo is so cute, and through his eagerness 
Spotlight on isolation. This movie is not for the faint of heart. It takes you down a path few of us want to go. Dying is not heroic, or noble 
Great 70 s TV. Very good series!Paramedics and firefighters are good heros for children unlike some of the garbage role models of today .We plan to buy more of the 
Excelent movie and DVD. Excelent DVD quality and so great movie. The sounds and pictures are so great. The description of the product is very explicit in the page. This 
The teacher we all wanted, or wanted to be... I have always had a soft spot in my heart for this film and its cast. Itself an imitator of earlier 
Another Walt Disney Classic. If you like western then you ll like this. To me this was a John Wayne classic with Wayne at his best. John Wayne plays the 
Passion and Politics: Beatty s Challenging and Intelligent Historical Romance. I have waited a long time for Reds to arrive on DVD. It was a film that impressed me 25 
Subtitles. A moving story, very impressive. What a pity there are no subtitles! For people who speak English as a foreign language, it is not easy to understand it completely. 
Ginger Rogers Shines. Ginger Rogers was very popular, both within the Hollywood community, and with the moviegoing public. With two strong performances in 1940, she took home the Oscar despite 
MASH as great as ever. MASH matured each season, adding more depth to both the performances and script. There has never been as good a TV series, and continues to 
The movie that proves the point that every family is nuts to a degree... I have loved this movie since I was a kid. And it s funny when you 
Who can ever forget ... the hand portraits this artist took of his wife, lover, and muse Georgia O Keeffe? There are some artists who walk this planet who are 
Season 6 anytime soon????. OH MY GOD! When is season 6 going to be released??? They have the stupidest shows already with DVD sets and up to date releases and 
A film for all seasons. I remember seeing this movie, at my mother s insistence, when I was in the 7th grade. In those days a film would go into 
Super wonderful ballet!. Wow! This was such a terrific ballet to watch. Costumes were wonderful, sets were beautiful. The Paris Opera Ballet did such an excellent job creating this production. 
Clap at a movie screen?. Do people actually clap at a movie screen?In 1956, I experienced the tingling feeling of a full-house movie theatre audience reaction which has not repeated 
Better than Vanilla Sky. This movie was much better than Vanilla Sky. Vanilla Sky mostly copied Open Your Eyes but was too obvious and less convincing. And Tom Cruise, though 
Enjoyable classic comedy. I saw this film when I was 13 and I loved it.I only knew two actors in this movie and that was Anthony Perkins and Shirley Maclaine,both 
MS DE LO MISMO, PERO DISTINTO. Realmente, esta pelcula trata un viejo tema: el tringulo amoroso. Pero lo hace con una altura, con una calidad y con esa novedad que 
A total Joy to Watch. This was a joy to watch. Just as fun as the book by the same author and same title. My 20 month old daughter is 
A Spectacular Movie. Saving Private Ryan is an inspirational film filled with dyanamic battle-scenes, drama and action. During the opening scene into the storyline there is a fantastic 20-minute depiction 
Waiting for God. This is one of my favorite British comedies and I am so happy that it was made available for purchase. I am very happy with this DVD 
Fairly Deluxe Edition of a Musical Classic. Guys and Dolls is a fairly faithful, good adaptation of the great Broadway stage musical. Unlike West Side Story or My Fair Lady 
You can t beat the original. On time. As advertised. Can t beat that. Better in every was than the latest released version. Original story line more credible, and Fay 
Cajun Spice. This colorful and fast moving film from director Jim McBride about an only slightly corrupt cop in the Big Easy and the pretty Assistant District Attorney sent to 
Good information... I bought this DVD and I was not disappointed. I give it a 4 only because there wasn t complete balance in all of the experts . Particularly 
Stellar. A throwback to 1960 s Hong Kong and an essential example of Wong Kar-wai s direction, Days of Being Wild is a must-see with its superb casting, camera work, 
My hubbie loves these films. I bought these as a gift for my husband s birthday. The picture and sound quality are great - he loves them  
Political intrigue in Philadelphia. An excellent political thriller by Brian De Palma. John Travolta plays a movie sound-effects man who inadvertently records a gunshot, tire blow-out, and a car crashing 
I can t believe I m saying this!. I usually don t like these sophomoric movies that have thin plots and not much substance American Pie, Scary Movie, Van Wilder, 
A Must Buy For Guitar Players. If you buy one video in the hope of learning some great guitar lick s Buy Crossroads Guitar Festival.The blues licks one can glean 
John Wayne John Ford Collection. Excellent movies with one that previously wasn t available Wings of Eagles , and the best western ever made The Searchers . They don t 
Complete Failure. In the eyes of the Catholic Church and the world, the priest this story is built around is a total failure and embarrassment. He arrives in China and 
THIS SHOW JUST KEEPS GETTING BETTER AND BETTER!. There are so many great scenes in Season Four that I don t know where to begin. But if I had to 
My favorite Golden Age actor gets the DVD set he deserves. Clark Gable is my favorite actor of all time, so the DVD boxed set, CLARK GABLE: THE SIGNATURE COLLECTION, 
Amor Prohibido. This film was excellent! I guess I am saying that becaue I am a true hopeless romantic and I fall for movies that contain romance and forbidden love 
Human and. How easy is to put aside what give us life, how easy is to fall into reality . This movie is about the importance of recovering what we 
So much better than the 2004 version. This movie is so much better than the new 04 version. If Batman Beginsis the perfect adaptation from comic book character to big 
Artful Spy Classic on DVD. Finally, this fine motion picture survives on DVD - due shortly. George Segal, Max Von Sydow, and Senta Berger round out a fine cast in 
One of my favorites. I love this movie. I also love It s a Wonderful Life. Tea Leoni is wonderful in this movie. Normally I see a movie once, maybe 
This film puts a lot of things into perspective... I cried all the way thru this movie mostly the 2nd half . It was kind of slow at first, and 
Auntie Mame. Auntie Mame is fun, light hearted and great entertainment. It just makes you laugh  
Talking Words Factory is awesome. My two year old loves this show and I enjoy watching it with hi  
An emotional rollercoaster. This movie touches on all senses. The story is about more than just three people. In touches on circumstances, friendship, and life. What are we here for 
a Fitting Conclusion. This movie was a fitting conclusion to MTV s greatest animated series.  
Great Tool. This has proven to be a great tool in dealing with our stubborn cat! It is getting the hang of it. I would recommend this DVD highly  
Fun and easy-to-follow. Get Ripped! To The Core is a 66 minute full-body workout presented by certified personal fitness trainer Jari Love and offers step-by-step exercises specifically designed to burn 
No Excuses for New Moms!. This is a great DVD for new moms who like to make excuses why not to work out! Every day, I m able to sneak 
Riveting!. Natalie Wood and Robert Redford are wonderful together. This was actually Ms. Wood s favorite movie. Check out Inside Daisy Clover , she teams with Redford again  
Fast delivery, great quality!!!. The DVD arrived in perfect condition, and exactly when I was told it would arrive. Great transaction experience  
One of my Top 10 movies of all time. To be fair, in 1962, I was a 7 year old grom riding my skimboard on the Linda Mar California beach 
As True Now As Then. Back in my Army days When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth it was a common belief among many, if not most, of us laboring for the 
HOT!! HOT!! HOT!!. I saw SOME of this movie as a child and was told to leave the room because it was for grown ups ..Well I knew I had 
More than you could expect!. An experienced dancer and gymnast, I believe this video provides enough to learn moves and style to go from beginner to a good competent break 
pleasing. These 50 s and 60 s films I saw at the theatre with my brothers and never forgot them. I plan to give it brother a set to bring 
Putting life in the right perspective. No plot, no dialogue, only great music, great images, and a great message...Quite an outstanding movie, to be watched in concentration, with your headphones 
Way better than Spiderman!!!!. Im a big fan of Liam Neeson, everything he does is great. Darkman was not only fun, it was different. The love story between Darkman and 
 . . . what I say to my victims before I kill them. I like the sound of it . . . . Jack Nicholson s Joker is a 
Reliable comedy. Nice script, well acted comedy, and a young Nicolette Sheridan. Cusak is in top form  
Outstanding And Unforgettable Film!. I liked this film when I first viewed it, [it was so different] and it still holds up great today. There have been countless reviews of 
Romeo & Juliet ~ Leonard Whiting. This was purchased for my daughter for her 15th Birthday. She is very deeply interested in Shakespeare and all his works but especially Romeo 
Wonderful. Absolutely astonishing. Whether you are a collector of classical movie or not, this move is a must to see and have  
Excellent Shipment & Product is Fine Too!. I appreciated the tracking information and purchase confirmation. It was a speedy delivery and I had no problems with this one 1 item 
Irritating. Just a short review of the DVD set itself and NOT the movies -- Universal, the king of DVD screw-ups, has again gone and changed something for no reason 
Western. My second favourite John Wayne Movie, the first being She Wore A Yellow Ribbon . A great cast and very entertaining as the westerns from this era are far 
a pretentiously dramatized yet sad story. this is a sad story about all the low lives in new orlean. the setting of this movie itself does not look far from 
Can you name twenty trucks? Yes I know you can!. There are two kinds of children s videos: those that are fun for young and old, and those that are 
A lesson in film history. This is Director Eric Von Stroheim s last film, produced by it s star, Gloria Swanson. There is much to be learned from the commentaries 
This movie rocked!!!. This is one of Van Damnes best.I love his character in theis movie and i love the setting.Great Performance by Van Damne.  
Blade Runner. Would have given 5 stars only there is no narration by Dekard, like the original. Commentary overlap is not the same as the original narration.  
A great flick!. It follows the adventures of Clyde Barrow and Bonnie Parker as they rob banks throughout the midwest. I wish I was Clyde Barrow..  
Vengeance and guilt are blind alleys. What happens when your child is killed in a car accident by a drunken driver ? What happens when you have killed a child 
Blind Melon - Live At The Metro:September 1995 EMI . Sort of miss these guys.Let s face it,they were a good grunge alternative act. Live At... is a good twenty-two 
ZOOT SUIT-EXCELLENT. I saw the ZOOT SUIT play version in Hollywood...was great. And I know this VHS version is just as good, is something you want to see over and 
good movie. Al pacino plays a detective who comes to nightmute alsaka to investigate A murderer then the shoot out incident detective dormer by mistake shoots his own partner and 
Henry Joseph Rychlicki New Henry Miller. Hello I happened upon this fine gem of a movie, I couldn t look away as I became enchanted with Anais Nin....Being the author 
Celtic Woman CD & 2004 Concert DVD. Both the CD and the 2004 concert DVD are inspiring. The range and quality of the performances by the five artists, as soloists 
So amusing you ll almost pee your pants!. All I can say is, Wow ! The cast is phenominal and the script is genius. Delta and Bonnie are still on 
Not what I was expecting. When I first heard of this movie from a friend, they gave it such high acclaim, it made me eager to see it. But they 
Great if you want too... take a nap. This movie put me to sleep. even the conversations were boring. robotic and choreagraphed. Weak story and ending. Do something productive instead 
Run Lola Run. This is an amazing movie. Originally called Lola Rennt in German, it is a neat view as to what can happen in a day if different scenarios 
The Rainmaker. It s a good story- it keeps the pace moving, and inserts nice little scenes of humor.And the best part? It s so close to the actual book. 
A Must-See Collection For The Entire Family!. The classic films included in this collection are wholesome and worthwhile for every member of the family. We have thoroughly enjoyed watching and 
What I wanted. I got the movie I wanted. I saw it one summer many years ago and was never able to find it. It was never played on tv 
Now that s how you make a film. This film has got to be one of the best I ve ever seen. Right from the beginning when Billy and Sydney 
AGELESS MANILOW MAGIC!. Barry still has it after 32 years! I have seen him live 18 timesin that time period, and he NEVER fails to deliver. I have been to 
Anyone having trouble playing all the episodes continuously?. I bought two separate SpongeBob Christmas DVD s and both do not allow all the episodes to run one after the other. 
Kathy Ireland: Core Workout. I had two of the three sections on VHS. Now I own them on DVD and I love to exercise the target areas in less time. 
I wonder. I wonder why the beautiful Lerner-Loewe meoldies and lyrics and the movie itself are not more popular than they are - I ll go home with Bonnie Jean, 
the librarian 2. loved this one, loved the first one. great for just relaxing and enjoying a fun movie. hope there is more by noah wylie like this  
Animaniacs, Vol 2. This could be the ultimate acheviment in cartoons. Might be the best writing ever, and it is very funny for both children and adults.Like Shakespeare, Animaniacs can 
Variety Review. Joe Leydon, writing for Variety on May 17th:Documakers Mark Birnbaum and Jim Schermbeck methodically assemble a damning case against U.S. Rep. Tom DeLay, the pugnacious Texas Republican and 
Ncole Starkers!. The only great part of this film? The gorgeous, full-frontal nude body of Nicole Kidman in front of a three-way mirror. Oh yes, she s a natural redhead! 
Madea Goes To Jail. Hilarious, heart breaking and funny all at the same time. This video will be a staple in my library for years to come  
Hare Krishna, Hare Krishna ......... I was raised on this movie, much to my mothers chagrin. Every single weekend I had to rent it. I loved Night of the Living 
Excellent Lower Body Workout. This workout is excellent for intermediate exercisers. It consists of 3 segments: cardio, standing leg bun work, and floor leg bun work. Kathy has a great 
McCallum: The Complete Series. Had never heard of this BBC show before. Outstanding. Great acting and engaging CSI type story lines. Appropriate for mature teans and adults. Scot accents can 
Freaky!. This was oh so freaky, but I can t get enough. I certainly want to watch the next ones. I loved the setting, really brings the spooky mood to 
This rawks, Oh my sweet Jaysus. It was high time this collection came out. Jeez Louise this guy can rock. Plus, the music, the songwriting, the Beatlesque parody elements, the 
Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat. I bought this because I am taking my 9 year old and 7 year old granddaughters to see the play. They have watched it 
My first love!. I thoroughly enjoyed watching this DVD. I felt like a teenager again, but without the zits and insecurities! Thanks for including all the hits from the 1970 
More than a few people view this as the best of all the Bond films. Goldfinger is among the most admired of the Bond films. It has all of the 
Uncut DBZ Thank you Lord. OH MY GOSH. Let me take a deep breath. This is it. This is what all DBZ fans have been waiting for. We have been 
possibly greatest war film ever. I think Andrzej Wajda is overrated personally, I think Kazimierz Kutz is the best among contemporary Polish directors , but for my money this is 
a rough mixture of &quot;Witch Hunter Robin&quot; and &quot;The X-Files&quot;... Sure, I could have compared Phantom Quest Corp. to a lot of other animes out there, but the basic premise 
Don t wait to buy it.. If you are a fan of the Little Rascals, you need to get this one vol.3-4 and volumes 1 and 2. They are hillarious, 
AWESOME. Okay, I admit my dad drug me into watching this movie with him... He just recently ordered a bunch of old documentary s and I was about tired of 
That Billy Zoom Smile ; . It is an excellent experience to watch this DVD after all these years of being an X fan. It was also very cool to 
Her Straight Story. Joan the Maid is the clearest and least judgmental version available. It is also the least Hollywood version. The screenplay is a straighforward, chronological narrative, and Rivette 
The most impressive all-star cast ever assembled for a single production... Richard Attenborough s monumental war drama is about one of the most stirring battles of World War II, based 
Aspect ratio comparison . . . Just to add this bit of information; the Dune Extended Edition DVD spoken of here is a true widescreen version - after the Introduction 
JP2=The Best. JP1=The 2nd Best JP3=The Third Best. I say that Jurassic Park 2; The Lost World is the absolute best of the three because everything about it is perfect, 
Funniest movie ever!. I ve seen this movie and it is great and hilarous!Whatever you do see this movie!Rated PG-13 for language,sexual content,and crude humor  
My favorite movie EVER!!!!. Kasi Lemmons is phenomenal as director, she also wrote it! The movie is well acted and written. Oscar worthy performances by Jurnee Smollett and Samuel L. 
Brendan Fraser was BORN to play Suprman!!!. people, if you grew up in the 90s a hot topic with me and my friends was who would play Superman in the 
This one gets alot of hate... but I thought it was good for a sequel.I m surprised people actually expect much from them.If you go in with an open mind 
Brigadoon. Great DVD. Good quality. Packaged well and shipped promptly. Good customer service  
Would St. Thomas More really be any more popular today?. The technical excellence of this film on every level has already been sufficiently and deservedly documented many times over.There is 
The Final Countdown live. que les puedo decir de este cd es lo mas grandioso que he escuchado de tesla lo habia tenido por primera vez en vhsy lo compre 
 Always Be Closing! . Glengarry Glen Ross is a superb drama directed by James Foley At Close Range , and starring a powerful all-male cast including Al Pacino Heat 
Enormously Entertaining And Enormously Touching. In 1927 in Berlin, Harry Frommermann Ulrich Noethen , a poor, talented musician, puts an ad in a paper asking that anyone interested in forming 
The Joshua Tour Movie. While the album contains some tracks that are not present in this movie which document to capture the moment of the making of an album as 
Like eating chocolate... I thoroughly enjoyed the first season of ER, and the second season did not disappoint me either. If I had a problem with the series, it was 
Excellent with extras you can t miss. A wonderful view of East Germany, both before and after the wall. The special features were amazing, showing the design of the levitating 
Highly Recommend this DVD. As a new grandmother to a beautiful little girl recently born with Down Syndrome, I found this DVD to be very heartwarming and very uplifting. It 
Hilary in concert = great entertainment. If you re wondering what the Hilary hype is all about, but haven t had a chance to catch her in concert, this is 
This Rabid Dog Is One Nasty, But Hilarious, Social Commentary. This brutal, nasty and hilarious shocker is one of my favorite international films. I check it out every couple of 
Western. My second favourite John Wayne Movie, the first being She Wore A Yellow Ribbon . A great cast and very entertaining as the westerns from this era are far 
Dr. Dolittle 2. Absolutely hilarious! Eddie at his best and the animals are superb! A must-see follow up to Dr. Dolittle! Add it to your collection for years of laughs 
Nice Action. My sister made me watch this film with her on Christmas day, and I was surprised that it was not a chick flick. It has a lot of 
Colors review. I liked this movie when i first saw it and i seen it about 10 times... i like to watch any movie that involves gangs especially bloods & 
Beavis and Butthead Do America. I laughed my a off this movie!Rated PG-13 for continous crude sex related humor and language,and a drug-related scene.Parents may want to watch it before 
A romantic emotional roller coaster. Why some have condemned this movie for the lack of story line, I praise what factual information they were able to find although there was 
Fun viewing and learning. This is wonderful, very fun to watch and a great resource for the Martha Stewart fans! I only wish they had added more recipes and fewer 
I am a Supercool addict........... This was one of the funniest shows ever made. It is with in the top two all time best written shows. It kept getting better 
One of the funniest movies to come out in the last five years!. Ben Stiller as the tough guy cop throwing the bad guys around is too much! Owen Wilson 
IF YOU LOVE SEEING THE BEATLES IN ACTION! THIS IS THE FILM!!. I am a huge, huge, huge, Beatles fan and one of the things I love is seeing my 
Quick!. If you have no time - this is great - get up 15 min. early and you ll be good - i manage with a toddler and full-time work! 
Haunting. Supermarket clerk Morvern Callar s boyfriend commits suicide, leaving behind several different kinds of gifts. Literally, these include Christmas presents set beneath a tree that pulsates with red and 
Now THAT S Dancing!. This video has gotten some play recently on TMC, but in the wrong format. It is so compressed on the screen that it is hard to 
Crazy Movie!. This was such a weird and crazy movie! But it had it s appeal that I liked and because of that, I ended up buying it. It s 
A Very Funny Christmas Comedy!. Now, while I think this film is great, I am still a bit partial to the first Vacation film. That one still makes me laugh. 
very nice picture. at first i didn t know what to expect from this movie, seeing as it deals with the later part of ginger s peak career, mid-late forties 
The Movie, Reviewed as a Movie: Not Compared to the Original. This is not at all a bad movie. Ben Mears is a likable protagonist, who I found myself rooting 
I don t understand reviewers sometimes. First off lets start by saying that The Core is a Science FICTION film, yes fiction folks...the movie isnt meant to be real. We 
Great classic movie. With a cast like this, you can t miss.One of the best  
Ernie Pyle s coverage of the common soldier. This unforgettable classic, based on Ernie Pyle s Here is Your War and Brave Men , is considered by many to be 
wow-this is great!!!. I bought this for my 4 yr old daughter but my 2 yr old and 1 yr old enjoy it too. My daughter can now write her 
A one- person movie but what a person. The whole thing is Streisand. And she is really tremendous here. Her energy freshness comic sense are all winning elements, but of 
terrific movie!. This is one of my favorite movies in recent years. In the film, Jessica Kim Basinger is kidnapped and manages to click the wires on a smashed phone 
TBS Superstation. I just watched the second half of Guarding Tess on TBS. It s now 11:30PM, and I am writing this review when I should be in bed 1 
Great acting, great plot, great movie. It s definitely a must-see. Very climatic, mysterious thriller love story which will leave you fascinated long after watching  
Another Hallstrom Triumph. Like an absorbing book that you can t put down, this film is compelling. Usually I prefer to see films alone to be able to concentrate fully, 
msw season one. Like any new series MSW has a few bumps in the road .Many of the early episodes leave alot to be desired with some poor,acting on the 
YaDADUMdeeDOODAHaY. This is the sort of movie you watch with a smirk on your face. There ishumor, but it s under the surface, and laughter comes only with the bleakest 
No-So-Practical Magic. Here we have a movie with a pretty good cast and an interesting story that ends up being sometimes funny, mildly entertaining, and always amusing. I liked the 
Great Book, Great Movie. Usually when you love a book, you hate the movie, especially if the book is a great piece of literature. But in this case, I can 
Tight Ass Cop Movie!. The movie Colors is much more brutal & realistic than Boyz In Tha Hood, Menace II Society or New Jack City, its kind of like a 
Thanks to all the other people who voted for this release. Great to finally own this on DVD. Now how do I vote to have The Reincarnation of Peter Proud 
Tough and real emotions. I m telling ya... the early episodes of Buffys started out as Fluffys... but... they make the darkness of Battlestar look fluffy.These are tough and hard 
worth every penny. My kids 8 & 11 just cannot get enough of this movie. The story line appeals to them, as does the music and the characters. My younger 
Mel Brooks Classics. If you remember what satire was like before political correctness demolished good humor, this classic collection will release the laughter that was so healthy in years past. 
TV comedy hasn t yet been able to reach higher than this... ...which is a shame, in a way. Don t get me wrong: I love most of these episodes 
A fan of Jackie. Our entire family are Jackie Chan fans as we view movies purely for entertainment. Jackie is the consummate entertainer and paired with Chris Tucker, they re 
Thank God it s on DVD. Clarity of film is great. Some extra features would have been nice as you only get the film  
Girl Power!. My Brownie troop saw this video at a gem and mineral show. There was tons of fascinating stuff at the show and the video was 40 minutes long, 
Viaje al Fondo de mi mar. Trip to the Bottom of my sea. Irwin Allen, no so jams con SER ETERNO, en la mente de los nios que crecimos con 
Watch this film!. It is crucial that you see this film - even if only to highlight the injustices of the Arkansas Judicial System and its Good Ol Boy Network. 
One of the great ones. This film is not flawless. The &quot;bedtime story&quot; interlude goes nowhere and the casting of Richard Harris, however commercially expedient it may have been in 
One of the best of the kind. Good acting, great suspense and an amazing conclusion.One of the best movie about a serial killer  
wow... that was pretty gross... Wow... right this was really funny, but totally discusting... I laughed so hard it was bad... I do not recomend this for those who are 
Excellent And Very Underrated Film!. If you like political intrigue and suspense, this film is for you. A civil rights lawyer Brad Dourif working for a human rights organization is 
The Absolute Funniest Comedy Routine Ever!. I never ever heard of this guy until one day I was channel surfing and came across him. I rarely laugh out loud at 
Fandango. Criminally ignored at the box office, this has turned out to be one of the most memorable films I ve seen. It moved me to tears at the end, 
Closely Watched Movie. This is a fairly unusual movie that I first took notice of when it won the Best Foreign Language Oscar around 1967. I finally got to see 
TERRIFIC ENTERTAINMENT -- GREAT VOICE WORK BY SACHA BARON COHEN. The best DVD thing about MADAGASCAR besides the hip and funny zoo guys going wild, the witty story, great character 
The Don t Make em Like This Any More. If you haven t seen I Remember Mama , where have you been? Probably the same place I was until a 
i learned something. I must admit I bought this movie because i wanted to see Anne Hathaway nude but as I watched it I realized that it really was a 
The Karate Kid. This was a gift for a grandson. He is happy with the movie as I thought he would be. He was told that his grandmother and I 
Don t wait until you re dead... an enthusiastic 5 stars! . It s the 1950s. A man has a chance for a big audition, but is afraid to sing 
The first half... ...is the most beautiful and stirring sequence ever produced by Bunuel. The second half drags a little, but the ending is stunning. You are left with a 
Red. Red is the third, and final, film of Krzystof Kieslowski s Three Colors Trilogy and is either in my opinion the best or the 2nd best. I love all 
A must have for the DC fan!. Spoilers ahead: Season Six is a must have for all fans because it brings the characters full circle. Dawson gets his chance on 
Witness of Grief and Hope. It is not easy to initiate a history from the side opposed to the hope, but this film exhibits of perfect way the fact that 
Childhood refresher... This is a treat to own. I used to watch the show on KCAL way back in the day when good cartoons still existed on basic cable. I 
Great move to add to a collection. If you into Disney movies this is a good addition to the collection.  
calming voice, non-psycho eyes. I really like this instructor. She has easy and helpful hints and unlike Denise Austin, isn t psychotic with her moves and her facial expressions. I 
The Best Hottest Film Ever!. Hot stuff! Hot Dutch boys left and right  
Love This Movie. Tom Hanks gives another steller performance in Apollo 13. And of course Opie s, Ron Howard s, direction is impecable. Great movie...Great cast...incredible event. It s one 
LOUNGE MUSIC MASTER. I ordered this after watching Beyond the Sea. Wanted to see the real thing. Darin is the pinnacle lounge performer right down to the bad toupee , 
a must for the field s fan. Just an entertaining bio on one of the most fascinating comedians of all time.The coverage and the quality of the film clips alone 
BETTER THAN THE ORIGINAL. THIS TIME, BILL & TED GET KILLED BY EVIL LOOKALIKE ROBOTS. WHAT FOLLOWS IS A JOURNEY INTO THE AFTERLIFE IN WHICH THEY MEET THE REAPER, TRY 
One of those director s cuts that actually is a director s cut. I m sick of so-called director s cuts of films that add little to nothing to the 
A wonderfull heartbreaking and joyfull film. I was told to watch this film after I told someone I loved Memoris of a Geisha and I really liked this one. Told 
Is not the best, but I like it. The history is very good, the direction is not the bes  
Excellent yoga instruction. I recommend this DVD to anyone interested in learning yoga. I started learning yoga with Yoga Zone on TV six months ago. I have tried other yoga 
A good buy for any teacher. I am a first grade teacher and have used this video for a unit on Ruby Bridges in first and second grade. The students 
Great movie. If you love John Wayne, you will love this movie. Glen Campbell is mediocre in it - he should have stuck to singing. Still, the Duke is fantastic, 
fantastic performances in a very simple sad helpless story. a retarded moron, a smart guy with big heart, a lonely girl wife, a bully husand, a bunch of harvet helping 
Hunk at Large. Based on a true story, this motion picture is a fresh original production. Leo does an awesome job portraying a very elusive character. One of the finest 
 Dum Spiro - Spero - While there s life there s hope. I would not argue that there could be better films made before and after Cabiria. Perhaps. But 
The Way Hollywood should make movies. This is an excellent movie, starring two of the biggest names at the time in Hollywood. This movie has action, suspense and a very 
2 Fast2 Furious. If you liked the first one, you have to like this one. It s good. It made me smile. It s funny but at the same time 
Better than what they say. I have no idea what got mixed in with the other reviewers coffee. This DVD is ubelieveable. First, it has enough extras to keep a 
Excellent Inner City Crime Flick. This motion picture is about the crack cocaine epidemic and the devastating impact that it had on life in the inner city. This is a 
Most Powerful Film On Von Trier s CV. Breaking The Waves is quite possibly one of the best, and most powerful film of the 90 s. It is considered one 
classic pacino 70s movie. seems like there was a time in the 70s where mainstream filmmakers took their art and their audiences seriously. this gem about courtroom corruption is one 
gilmore girls season 4. one of the best seasons ever! Its a must for any fan  
Good but frustrating. What is included on this dvd is nice for the Cracker fan, but what is lacking is frustrating. To begin, this dvd and the companion cd were 
Pedagogy of the Oppressed in Norma Rae. While watching Reuben interact with the factory workers, I am reminded of a resounding theme backed by a specific paragraph from Freire s 
Great Buy, Great Flick!!. Phantom Quest Corp. an action comedy film about the drunken, karoake singing,party girl Ayaka and her friends taking on paranormal enemies, from Dracula to a possessed 
Saw it 15 times-will see it again, and again. I sat and watched this movie 3 times in a row, over a period of 3 days. I know that sounds 
&quot;You are really f # ed man.&quot; &quot;No son...you are.&quot;. Best exchange of dialogue in motion picture history  
Good story, great script, Alan Ladd excellent!. Good western scripts are rare. This one is excellent. The acting is very good. Robert Preston delivers his usual complex baddy performance to 
Very interesting. This video was quite interesting and mind opening. A lot of it is in subtitles which wasn t a problem for me and it is rather short, just 
Not one WHOA in the entire movie. and for that I say BUY BUY BUY .... cramerica has landed  
Great Story Telling - Part 2 of three is the most powerful. This was a creative and well produced miniseries. The use of location, props, makeup, etc. were well handled. 
Mouse that Roared DVD. It s still one of the funniest movies ever made; I can t believe it s still topical after all these years but politics never changes 
Still a Great Movie. I saw this movie when I was younger and I consider it one of my favorite movies of all time still. I looked for this movie 
An all-encompassing movie about alcoholism. Days of Wines and Roses is head and shoulders above any other movies about alcoholism for many reasons, most of which can be summed up 
The DVD lives up to customer reviews. I bought this based on the customer reviews and had it for about one month now. My 8 month old absolutely loves it 
KIRK DOUGLAS - OPUS ONE - KIRK DOUGLAS. First and only film noir directed by Lewis Milestone All Quiet on the Western Front , first movie of Kirk Douglas, a 
Refreshingly familiar but also new. I enjoyed this. It s a reminder of how classic the premise of Romeo and Juliet really is, but it s always nice to see 
A Pleasant Surprise! MINOR spoilers, depending on your POV . I had been curious to see the movie Maniac for years. Being a huge horror fan since I was a 
Spectacular Bond in High Definition. I d like to say that Casino Royale in Blu-ray format is a huge surprise to me, Daniel Craig left a real Bond to all 
It s Aight. I hate to admit it, but the only reason I rented this movie was to see Paz Vega nude. OK, now that we got the sick part 
Don t Fight Your Destiny. Is this movie trying to implying that it s bad to be a greedy, maniacal corporate leader without conscience or empathy? C mon, get outta 
A nice movie. I enjoyed this movie very much. It s not your average love story of tortured hearts. It is mixed with some fun whimsy and a sexy Gypsy 
Ansara Owns. Your average horror buff has never heard of THE MANITOU , I bet. But that s ok. It still actually kinda rules. THE MANITOU tells the story of 
As faithful a adaptation of Orwell s classic as it is possible to make. This is a must-see for Orwell 1984 fans. It is as faithful a adaptation of the 
The Final Collection unless they decide to release the other episodes in a lost episodes collection . Vol 3 has it s moments the Christmas Special, I really like Beavis 
One of My All-Time Favorites. The key to this movie is the acting. It delivers some of the most stunning performances ever. It has been, and remains, one my top 
Absolutely Amazing!!!~. This movie is a complex journey into the minds of the Wachowski brothers and how they have got the knowhow to put trilogy depth into one single movie. 
The best independent film. Warchyled feels like he owes General Ruechang something just because he brought him into the army every since he was 10. What he don t know 
Great workouts for the time challenged!. These 10 minute sessions are perfect to get in shape and keep motivated. The abilty to select up to 3 sections to customize your 
Very well made, well acted, important message. This film is really excellent, with a great cast, and a thoughtful and frightening message. We see the story of a group of 
A wonderful classic!!. I absolutely love this movie!! I am a huge Danny Kaye fan! This movie makes me laugh from start to finish. It is good family fun!! Pop 
Better than ordinary egg salad. I m glad that What s Up Tiger Lily is actually marketed here because, from what I ve read, Woody Allen would just as soon 
As bleak as the history they inhabit. These films come with high critical acclaim, yet rarely have they screened in local, Sydney, arthouse cinemas, and seldom are they mentioned in 
A tender treatment of love. The touching feature of this film is the sense of bare truth making its way to the surface through the stereotypical muddled and superficial existence 
This is a great documentary!!! Hilarious. I saw this at the 2005 South-by-Southwest Film festival, and that night I wanted to buy it on dvd because it is so freaking 
A Poverty Row Trash Classic. This Republic B-pic is a cult noir film with a deserved following. It stars Brenda Marshall as a committed career woman in research chemistry who 
The Highest of High Camp. Excellent gross effects. Over the top story and acting. Anyone who even remotely likes zombie slasher films has to see this. There is at least 
Timeless. I love the Eastwood spaghetti westerns, so I knew I d enjoye re-visiting this classic. Clint Eastwood is the mysterious cowboy who drifts into town. When he rides into 
Would you risk getting killed when there s no money, glory or rank?. This is my first Akira Kurosawa movie. I m a martial artist and naturally I m attracted 
No Living Witnesses?. In Cold Blood the movie, is a lethally poisonous partner in crime to Truman Capote s non-fiction novel by that same name..What s more arresting, is how 
X3-What would Bryan Singer do?. When watching the third X Men movie, one cannot help but wonder if Bryan Singer was involved in the movie.Brett Ratner does a credible job 
Best Thriller in 30 years !!. The Mothman Prophecies is a throwback to the time when horror movie didn t actually mean Teenage Gore Fest. I guess the word for 
Shut Up Stupid Future Critics!!. I went ahead and bought this and it is really cool! Just because the first few seasons of the dub weren t as good doesn 
compelling documentary about one of the best documentarians. Though he has long been admired for his rigorous and almost ritualistic approach to filmmaking, and while he has created a number 
John 5, give me 5. The open scene starts with the Saint 5, laser defense robots defeating a simulated infantry war exercise assault by ground troops and armored vehicles, and 
Section 9 getting jerked around..by whom and why?. so far the series has started with what seems like unrelated incidents, just as Section 9 has beenr eformed and back in 
Under-recognized. Most quality films these days are the ones that fly under the Hollywood Radar. And Eve s Bayou is one of them. Wonderful ensemble cast, beautiful setting and a 
An important documentary of a seldom seen way of life. I visited simular churches in Lancaster Co Pa,and Elkhart ,Indiana.These churches are similar to the Amish in dress, rural lifestyle, 
5 Stars from Germany... I m a great Scooby-Fan from Germany. Although Scooby isn t so popular in our country like in the USA you can watch all series on 
Wanted: More films like this one. One of the many reasons we love movies is how they make us feel, how they make us react. Dave , a wonderful Ivan 
Worth Renting. Frank Morrison John Travolta is a hard-working boat builder and devoted dad who is naturally wary of the new man Vince Vaughn in his ex-wife s Teri Polo 
Love the Series, BUT... I am a huge ER fan, and I was waiting with anticipation to finally own Season 1. I found the double-sided disc annoying, but I can 
Stargate SG-1 series. This is the best Sci-fi series ever. I am a huge fan of the gate. The only reason I give this 4 stars instead of 5 is 
Fantastic Movie. I just found this movie while hopping channels on my TV before going to bed. It was after 11 PM when I tuned into it; I got hooked 
The Ideal of What Hollywood & the Legal System can Do. I stubbornly resisted this movie because its topic about homosexuality, and will admit I was baiased against it for 
James Dean 3 dvd pack. This is an amazing value, for James Dean lovers like me.  
A prelude to the Bush presidency.... I ve always loved this film, which has grown more prophetic over the years. Now, it has actually come true. A simpleton has become 
Tales from Echo Park. At the end of my review of Director Writers Richard Glatzer and Wash Westmoreland s first nationally distributed film, I wondered aloud as to what these 
Fun, clean slapstick comedy. I remember seeing The Three Amigos in the movie theatre way yonder in my days of youth. At the time, I thought it was the funniest 
I like The DVD. Lots of programs and workouts to fit every occasion. I have to admit have not really seen other DVDs such as this that are catered specifically 
Standing in the Shadows of Motown. Awesome documentary, the music is so powerful. I like many others did not know the Funk Brothers Band had such influence over so many 
Pick of the litter. Saving Shiloh delivers suspense, heart, and top notch performances. Jason Dolley is a likable and believable Marty, plus his tomboy sister is a total crack-up. But 
The vampire Lestat & the ancient Queen Akasha. After many years of sleeping in his coffin, the vampire Lestat awakens only to find that the world has changed and he 
not as bad as people say it is. I think people are being a little too harsh about the sequal. I agree, it would ve been better with Julia Stiles 
The Early Bear Gets the... Worm?. Early to Bed, Early to Rise is another in a series of Bear in the Big Blue House video releases ported to DVD. This 
One Great Movie. Both Eddie Murphy & Dan Aykroyd give excellent performances! This from the period where Eddie Murphy made funny movies. It is a Prince & Pauper tale updated 
The Curse of Quixote. There have been many films made that have never been released. There have been many films that started to get made, but that were forced to 
Ahead of it s time, Excellent Kubrick Film. First off, this was not an easy bood to make into a movie, but Stanly Kubrick did an excellent job of doing 
Method in madness. This is an extremely unusual film in that it is better than the first one - nine yards- which was very good. It has only one disadvantage 
Good overall on the edge of your seat video. this movie is a great movie for those how like movie on millitary and sub s. this movie keeps u thinking 
Fantastic night under the stars !. Just got my copy, and popped it straight into my DVD player no problems playing at all .The picture and sound quality is absolutely 
Very happy new customer. I am very pleased with my DVD purchase.It is flawless.I will for sure be ordering from you in the future.And I am also very happy that 
A CHARMING NEO-GOTHIC FILM. Both of my daughter s read the entire series of books [so far] and I decided to treat them to this film when it was released. 
An immortal Rodgers and Hammerstein musical. If you are a fan of Rodgers and Hammerstein musicals, you must own the new 50th anniversary DVD of CAROUSEL 1956 , starring Gordon 
Great Movie. This movie is a perfect example of the quality movies Brad Pitt was involved in during the late 90s early 00s. The humor is fantastic and the characters 
Classic Films!. These three films are all really fun and entertiaining films. This set is great if you do not own the three films on DVD yet. If you are 
For The Baseball Fanatic. Although I haven t got the DVD yet Field Of Dreams would have to be costner s best movie yet as this brilliant adaption comes to 
Love this movie!. This movie, and its predecessor, Cheaper by the Dozen, are wonderful movies. I was so excited to find out they are coming out on DVD! Wonderful movies 
Ah, the 80 s. From the moment of the opening credits, one can t help but laugh at the fashion of the early eighties. Did we really wear that stuff? 
Take It For What It Is. The movie was made quickly and spontaneously, so it is not as slick as you might have come to expect from a full-out movie. 
All The Kings Men - 1949 VERSION. Our son worked on the 2006 version of All The Kings Men with Sean Penn, Jude Law, Kate Winslet, Patricia Clarkson and Anthony 
Demons 2...Hell yeah!. This movie isn t as good as the first one, but if you liked demons 1 you have to see this one. In this movie they air 
A Very Funny Movie. I love this movie. It is so rare to see Alan Alda much less the remainder of this unique cast all together at one time. This 
Only in Manhatten?. It must be Manhatten. The distance between the Warhol art scene and the Times Square porn scene seems to have been small. A Midnight Cowboy for the 
title. Worth getting just for the commentary, but is also a descent restoration and colorization of a cult classic  
Bought it without knowing the storyline. and was totally satisfied. V. good. 4 and 1 2 stars. Not quite as good as the top productions like Pride and Prejudice 1995 
Western thriller - too long, but good nonetheless. This is a lovingly made, well acted movie, worth watching. However, it suffers from a not quite deciding which genre to fall 
Still great after all these years... Bob Woodward, one of the real-life heroes in the movie, is still making news while reporting news at The Washington Post. That s amazing. 
&quot;Carpenters, Live in Concert&quot; DVD-Japan ONLY Release. I have reviewed &quot;Close to You-Remembering the Carpenters&quot; DVD earlier; so I am writing to all those people who asked for a &quot;Carpenters, 
Fast Times indeed!. One of the classic high school movies, Fast Times spawned a slew of teenage talent on the big screen, but no one was more memorable in this 
awesome. I thought this movie was very scary. You never saw the killer in action, but you could almost sense her there. This is a movie you could watch over 
A VERY OVERLOOKED AND UNDERRATED HORROR FILM!. I must admit the title of the film is what probably turned me off from seeing this film when it was first released. 
Slam Dunk. You can say what you want about the way this piece was put together, or the choices of arranging the material. Personally, I would have liked it to 
funny as hell!. this movie is funny as hell!this was way better than the first one OK the story isn t really that great but it sure is funny!i was 
A real eye opener. Words in the book, by the same name, don t create the same images as the DVD does. Here are the real stories of the real 
Doomed Children Get A Chance. In the red light district of Calcutta, even the burning death of a prostitute by her pimp will not warrant a visit from the police. 
A viewing adventure of discovery. I d have to concur with many of the reviewers here in their thoughts of this film. I started with certain expectations because of the 
i learned something. I must admit I bought this movie because i wanted to see Anne Hathaway nude but as I watched it I realized that it really was a 
A little gem. I won t say too much about this movie. Many others before me have already done that. I ll just say I enjoyed this movie for what 
Explode Into Space!. Peter Fonda and Dennis Hopper s counter-culture flick Easy Rider , like Warren Beatty s Bonnie and Clyde , launched the genre of low budget, independent film-making, 
So hip it hurts, man!. McQueen was so cool that even Norman Jewison couldn t understand him at times. In a funny anecdote on the Cincinnati Kid director commentary on 
Better than Dancehall Queen!. I bought this video because it had some of the same actors as &quot;Dancehall Queen&quot; and boy did I get my monies worth! I like that 
a movie for teachers to ponder upon. At first glance, this is a reflective statement of a burnt out teacher at a crossroad. With no pension, a new job with 
Essential Learning Tool for Drummers. The way Schechner incorporates taking a basic straight ahead Rock Groove and morphs it into a radical independent rhythm is clearly explained by his demonstration 
 Broken Flowers, Scattered Pollen, and Displaced Petals. Life is mysterious. Sometimes bombshells shake us up. Life seems to be a run toward fulfillment with expectations that frustrate our deepest 
Kept us laughing through the Blizzard. Loved this DVD Pack!! We were one of those who were caught in the Colorado Blizzard, fortunately we had brought this DVD along with 
Glimpse of the largely unknown proto-Beatles. Backbeat provides a fascinating and alternative viewpoint of the pre-stardom Beatles. Ian Hart s jealous, sarcastic, and insecure Lennon is both fresh yet seemingly 
Volume Two, another nugget for fans. Three high quality prints of sometimes low quality material - the fans and historians know about the disappointing L & Hs of the 40s. 
A Very Beautiful Movie. This movie,is hauntingly beautiful.Laura Linney,is wonderful,as a woman,who meets the love of her,life, Steven Weber then keeps in touch,by letters, Love Letters .This movie is told,in 
Another Great Season of the Golden Girls. Golden Girls is a funny show and I Love Estelle Getty.  
My 3 year old loves it!. We bought this for my son s 2nd birthday and have been watching it nonstop for a year and a half now. He absolutely 
BEST EDUCATIONAL MOVIE... A . I started putting the Laugh &amp; Learn movie when my son was 20 months old. I would even put the movie in the car DVD 
I don t own many movies, but this is a must-have!. My husband and I do not own many movies, but this is one we bought right away. It is 
LADYHAWKE and TIMELINE both produced and directed by Richard Donner. Novel by Crichton...All equal WINNER!. Director Richard Donner LADYHAWKE, SUPERMAN, LETHAL WEAPON I, II, III, IV, etc. leads an ensemble 
very well made movie for it s time. as an asian american, i just want to say how well this movie is made. i m not offended that this movie 
A Really Good Movie. I really liked this movie. I was somewhat skeptical at first when I saw Jennie Garth s name. But this is a far cry from Beverly 
A worthy final season for an exceptional televsion show. The final season of Justice League: Unlimited is a fun romp that brings back memories of the classic Challenge of the 
Still great after all these years... When I saw that Amazon had the excellent deal of both seasons 1 & 2 at a special price I decided to buy them 
DVD Machine Head - Elegies. This is a powerfull show of Machine Head.High quality DVD, great songs, interviews, fans, videos and more!!  
Contemplative Drama of High Caliber... Windows have often have a symbolic value that some connect with looking towards the future, curiosity, opportunities, hope, and much more. This means that the 
A brilliant piece of indie work . . . Yes, this film is the work of amateurs--however, these are very talented amateurs! Done as a silent film, this piece makes 
L.A. Here comes the T-Rex. This was a fine movie however is definately was not as good and original as the first but none the less a very good movie!! 
Absolutely Brilliant. I thought this movie was great, and I was lucky enough to find the subtitled version so no cheesy voices, although, the subtitles seem a bit behind the 
Transcending Film. One of the best documentaries I have ever experienced. I use the word experienced on purpose, as the movie goes beyond being mere entertainment , it forces the 
Visually gorgeous film... Fascinating Extras... Excellent buy. This is a visually gorgeous film. I watched it expecting a horror movie but ended up enthralled by its sheer visual splendour; both 
Fantastic Live DVD - Captures the Essence of the show. I have seen tons of music DVD s and this is by far one of the best. Why? Easy!- Great 
The Best of Laurel and Hardy. It is often said that Way Out West is the BEST of the Laurel and Hardy features. It is certainly a unique film, with 
Memorable performances abound in striking film directed by William Wyler... OLIVIA DE HAVILLAND won her well deserved second Oscar for her penetrating portrayal of the plain and wealthy heroine who 
Awesome!. This was a great movie. Ignore the series, start with the movie. I saw this when it came out and for less than 7, I had to add it 
Que, QUE!? Que es esto!?. junto con un WTF! fue lo que dije cuando abri el paquete con los dvd s.. su estuche en particular se parece mucho a una 
Richard Pryor Double Feature. 2 Richard Pryor stand-up shows on 1 DVD-if you love Richard, you ll love this!!  
Oh, yeah!!. So, we have two live performances, a best-of type compilation, and a German episode in German.Live at the Hollywood Boal has always looked like it was done on 
Michael Caine s Version Was More Historical. If you follow my reviews, you know that I felt the version of Jack the Ripper with Michael Caine as Inspector Fred Abberline 
Incredible concert dvd we were there at Madison Square garden. The DVD really captured the concert. The audience being shown through out just shows the enthusiasm and love for Paul 
Belief Suspension?. These comments will appear under my wife s name, but it s just because I don t know how to correct it, so my name appears. I had 
Fantastic A . This is a fantastic DVD trip to the Monterey coast. The QUALITY and BEAUTY of this DVD, is of the highest caliber! The music is a pleasent 
The ups and downs of marriage. The Story of Us starring Bruce Willis and Michelle Pfeiffer is a witty and clever look at a marriage falling apart after 15 years. 
Worth the price of admission. This DVD featuring Greg Koch is a very well rounded look at some must know and play blues classics.The thing i like about his teaching 
The Dave Chappelle Humor Ratio. The Chapelle show is equal parts hit or miss or near-miss.For every brilliant sketch that has you simultaneously shaking your head in amazement while you 
good drama. Back in the day when there was actually stuff worth watching on t.v.,Voyage proudly stood in the schedule with other fun hard-worked on shows[was it on once a 
Great Movie. We really like this movie. It is very depressing as this type of life style would be difficult. Matt Damon is an outstanding actor  
Despite Angela s sporadic absences ... The six season of Murder She Wrote was still a favorite year of mine in which the character of J. B. Fletcher solved various 
Great Set From The History Channel. As I write this it is the 36th anniversary of Armstrong and Aldrin s moonwalk. In honor of that I thought it would be 
Excellent Video. This video is excellent for teaching babies or young children Sign Language! I highly recommend it  
Anybody funnier?. Here s quite possible the funniest comedian on our Planet. And like all the truly funny people he s actually never offensive to anyone. Just high octane, high 
prince be the one with the funky music so RAVE!!!!!!!!. DAMN!!!!!! prince can throw a party ! At his own paisley park studio! he Recorded a unforgetable PErformance. He Sung 
Good for an old movie. Reviewers dog this film because it is outdated , but there s a very good reason for that. The movie is 11 years old. Think 
Eye of The Needle. This is an excellent vehicle for Donald Sutherland and it sticks to the book which is a classic thriller. It has very human characters and holds 
Excellent film that helps to understand LBJ. I agree with George Ball: We should have withdrawn from Vietnam much earlier than we finally did. The argument to this, held firmly 
Very good. Very good film, hard hitting, emotional and I m sure some aspects really do happen although I have yet to witness much of it since I ve been 
All Edwin Fans should add to your collection... Edwin is a great songwriter storyteller musicain. Live at the House of Blues is a very good DVD. Edwin has a loyal 
Outstanding Concert. The Concert in Central Park is not only the best of Simon & Garfunkel s concerts, it is one of the best of anyone s concerts, in my 
Best Batman movie so far. The title says it all. While I liked some of the others, this is the only one I bought on DVD and now HD DVD. 
aquamarine. hailey and claire are bff. so when hailey finds out she s moving to australia they re crushed. a big ocean storm brings them a mermaid named aquamarine who 
Effin A, man, effin A. Jack Bauer is probably one of the greatest American heroes in the history of television. His take no sheist attitude and his determination to do 
Sting at his best. This DVD is a must for any Sting fan. It gives fans the most revealing view of the singer I have ever seen. The keen insight 
It s not that they re stupid, they just don t know anything. Stand and deliver is one of my favorite movies. It s the story of a man who 
Little Gem. This is a movie I had never even heard of, but with my new found love of Clive Owen movies, I had to check this one out. I 
Susie Porter saves this one from the bin. I am not a huge fan of erotica and probably never will be. Still I have to admit if I ever become 
Rick Moranis s best film yet! besides Ghostbusters of course. In this film Joe johnson director makes a movie about kids getting shrunk and spend days in the backyard it 
Pokemon:Poke Friends 1998 . It s even better on DVD - Image and sound Is so clear. I mean whoa, I own some of the pokemon videos and the picture 
The Best of He-Man and the Masters of the Universe. The Best of He-Man and the Masters of the Universe is a a great collection of He-Man and the Masters 
Good Movie but Not for english fans. The movie was funny and pokes fun at a lot of chinese movies, but the subtitles are horrible. I m a mandarin speaker 
Awesome workout gets you sweating. I absolutely love this workout. It was nice to have a high-energy workout that does not incorporate the Fanny Lifter or the TransFirmer. Don t 
Great Shavian comedy. George Bernard Shaw wrote the screenplay based on his own very successful stage play of 1913, and he even took an Academy Award for it - and 
Excelente!!!. Esta es un clasico de mi generacin. Muy buena pelicula, excelentes actores y un soundtrack increible. La recomiendo totalmente!  
A Great Book Made Into a Very Good Film. When I first heard they were going to turn the Da Vinci Code into a motion picture I was disappointed. It 
Emotional Ride. This is one of the few comedies on TV right now that is not only hilarious, but will make you made, sad or frustrated all in one half-hour 
 The ice is gonna break!!! . Here s a quick review of the latest Dead Zone DVD rerelease:PICTURE:Pretty good actually but a little shoddy in select spots. Not crystal 
It Will Never Happen Again. I am glad &quot;Ms. 45&quot; is back on the shelf, because for a long time it was hard to find, certainly up here in Canada. 
Corny, Overacting, Silly, Stupid, Over The Top..... I love it. I just saw this film lieing around in a cheapie bin and had never heard of it, especialy since it 
Stalingrad- or the end of the line for many. This movie is one of the greatest war movies ever. That is not an over- statement. If you have any interest 
Mature and fun. One of the reasons I adore this film with Catherine Deneuve is because as a baby boomer I appreciate seeing a woman who isn t old but 
Perfect and based on actual events!. No fiction here folks, we have zombies everywhere, and what better place to see a showdown than where zombies always congregate? Yes that is 
The Rainmaker. It s a good story- it keeps the pace moving, and inserts nice little scenes of humor.And the best part? It s so close to the actual book. 
awesome & authentic!. I love this movie.it is scary, interesting,sci fi,and smart.the dinos are very real looking. you should really get this DVD  
QUIZ SHOW. This 1994 movie, which was produced and directed by Robert Redford tells the story of the 50 s Quiz Scandal. With Ray Fiennes as Charles Van Duren and 
She Isn t Some Lame Wonder Woman. As bad as a man as Shaft is, he wouldn t play with Cleopatra Jones if he thought for one minute she was 
UTTERLY DELIGHTFUL IN EVERY WAY. Billy Wilder does his magic with this film based on a play Sabrina Fair by Samuel Taylor about a wealthy Long Island family; featuring a 
Fun step routine with lower body toning... I like this workout, it is about an hour long and while it is billed as a step workout, there are lots of 
Thunderbolt The Wonderdog. I also Love this movie! I got the VHS,but I want the DVD.I love the scene where The puppies are barking at Thunderbolt The Wonderdog.I wonder who 
An Oldie but a Goodie. This party pack should be a no brainer purschase for anybody fond of the 60 s 70 s stoner party era. Dazed and Confused is 
Men in Black is the best of all Worlds. It is not very often that a movie will come along that can be categorized as one of the best movies 
Great musician, but I want more... I wonder if Robben ever reads these? Anyway, I am a guitar player and I would buy it if Robben played Sheep May Safely 
A Must for Lugosi Collectors. Return of the Vampire is an undeservedly obscure gem from the mid-1940s. In the film, a vampire named Tesla menaces two generations of a London 
Great 35mm prints of some rare & not so rare solo films. Finally some of these titles are making their first appearance on DVD from 35mm film masters! And some 
Great Movie... some mature content Nature . Overall the DVD was good and very much appropriate for young children. However, after a couple of weeks it had fallen to the 
Seas For All Seasons: Storms, Calm, Temperate and Chaotic!!!. Potentially the most boring of Blue Planet subsets, the Seasonal Seas and Coral Seas grouping is, as a TV-produced documentary, one 
Its double plus good. As per the title, the movie highlights compares the warnings found in Orwell s dystopian book 1984 with what is presently occurring in the United States 
Good Times!. Like others sitcoms, Good Times was better in its earlier seasons, especially when John Amos was still on the show as James Evans, Jr. In fact, Amos did 
More than a big suit. Easily one of the best concerts ever filmed. The music of Talking Heads is accessible while being eccentric, seminal yet good clean American fun. I 
Natalie Wood is a rare gem!. Splendor in the grass is one of my favorite movies of all time. The romantic drama starring Natalie Wood and Warren Beatty in his 
Barbie Movies. This movie is great for someone who is a total Barbie Fan, My 4 yr old daughter loves this movie. Great story line and plot, Its a wonderful 
Spooky. If you like movies about the devil, then you will like this one. I love spooky movies and I did enjoy this one  
very good. Thank you very much i been looking for this tape for a long time. calvin bradfor  
A delight for the senses. Like Water for Chocalate would take you to the heart of early 20th century Mexico. It speaks of impossible love because of old fashioned rules 
An Enchanting Fairy Tale. Ella of Frell Anne Hathaway is an unusual child. As a baby, a bumbling fairy godmother named Lucinda Vivica A. Fox gave her the gift of 
An old favourite. I remember giving this movie repeated views on vhs and enjoying every minute. Unlike some of the other reviewers here, I never read the book so can 
5 stars Then, Now and Always...But Ammy...Please List The Features For This 25th Anniversary Edition. The Blues Brothers .....Saturday Night Live Alum together with a Who s Who list of 
Great film very uplifting. Children of a lesser god is about the relationship between a teacher and a young deaf woman who was a star pupil but now works as 
Enjoyable but ignore the low budget. Another British film from back in the days of Quatermass with a second string American actor in the lead Forrest Tucker this time . 
ROX THE HOUSE DOWN. Sexy Honeys, Beat Music, DVD, BUY IT NOWCat and Kai alone make this DVD worth the buck  
Sadly, I have disc problems ; . The first episode near the end good ep! freezes up and becomes pixelated, the second episode will not even begin. I just watched 
This is a great show. The ending is a bit forced in my opinion but its still very good. The first 2 or 3 seasons were the best.  
Enjoyable and fun!. I was skeptical when I first heard they were making a Freddy vs Jason movie. The chances of getting it totally wrong seemed quite high. After viewing 
Great seventies film . . . one nagging issue though. A very enjoyable experience about voyeurism and who s watching the watchers ... Jerry? [sorry for the Seinfeld reference] . 
This is one of the better buys. Martin & Lewis. I didn t get get it when I was younger because by the time I was watching the old movies 
typical for the fast & furious trilogy. well, this movie was typical. over the passed few years the fast and the furious films have seemed to do a decent job 
Excellent and well done. This dvd could have been a Vince Mcmahon should his mouth off about how he crushed wcw. Instead both Vince Mcmahon and Eric Bischoff both talk 
A little bit too long. A little bit too long. The younget dauther was getting on my nerves all the time but it is a great BBC movie  
Not a history lesson, but a good story. To those of you, who have yet to realize what an amazing actress Cate Blanchett is, look no further than Elizabeth . 
Spider web messages. A pig makes friends with a spider, who writes messages in her web. A movie for all ages  
Return of the Oompa-Loompas. We went as a family to the theater to see Charlie and the Chocolate Factory . The involvement of Tim Burton and Johnny Depp, along with 
Loren and Grant. This is a very cute movie!Sophia Loren is just fantastic!!Cary Grant is great in a subtle way. He progresses throughout the movie in a nuanced manner.They both 
A classic comming of age movie set in the 1980 s. This is a clasic movie for many of us who were at that age in that time period. If 
powerful. I recently had a chance to screen this film with the director present. He said that his two inspirations for this movie came from Rear Window and Rosemary s 
Awesome!. My two toddler s love this movie. It was so hard to find and Amazon had it. This is a great kid s movie! It is a must have 
You want boredom? Rent Gerry. . Some of the diaries of the German troops heading east to the attack on Russia seem to elicit not so much a fear of 
better off dead. very funny comedy with John Cusackvery good actori recommend to anyon  
Enemy at the Gates is no enemy of mine. If you re a war-movie buff like me, you ve seen just about all of them: Saving Private Ryan, Hart s 
Great Movie!. This is a great movie. This movie has some sexual references, but no nudity. There is some profanity but definitely a funny movie that is geared to older 
My new favorite movie. Pros: I am crazy about college movies, television shows, books, etc. When I was going to a small, secluded college for two years, I realized quickly 
Underwater World. I love that movie. What I liked the best is that the fishes kind of look like the actors who play them. It s a very funny movie. 
Funny, light and easy going. Maybe not the best of Miyazaki s films, but nevertheless an enjoying experience. Good for al the family, beautifully drawn as always, a very light 
Quiet Gem. George Cukor, Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon were the best kind of fans for Judy Holliday; they made it possible for her to create great roles in wonderful 
 This Gun for Hire 1942 ... Alan Ladd ... Paramount Pictures Film Noir . Paramount Pictures present THIS GUN FOR HIRE 1942 80 mins B&W Dolby digitally remastered --- 
Broadcast News. Watchable, with a cynical realistic view of its topic that hasn t become dated. Interesting that the only place I ve seen a blonde anchorman is in this 
A Show With A Little More Thought Then Most. Mutant X has survived three years of bad reviews and legal hassels because of the excellent actors and writers working on 
Party Of Five. A great purchase. Worth every penny. I was a teenager when this show was airing and it inspired me a lot. 10 years later, it s not 
Two girls caught in the path of the tornado. This is the type of story that scares me: where seemingly innocuous decisions propel characters toward a devastating fate. The characters, 
A Drop of Water. I remember seeing this short film as a young child and it scared me so much that now as an adult lover of horror films seeked 
A great deal of new information not on the news. Interesting to know what happened. The news did not really give justice to what was really happening with Enron during 
Remarkable series..... What I find so amazing about this series, is the ability of the production crew and actors to maintain the high quality of the plots and acting. These 
awesome!. first, let me respond to that review by Tradeand5 , you said that elvis was nothing? wrong answer, thanks for sharing your stupidity, the correct answer is that you 
Oh..I m a happy camper!. This is a fantastic sequel! It has everything a great horror movie should have- a likeable killer played magnificently by Pamela Springstein , unlikeable victims, 
Eyepopping cinematography. All I can say is WOW! The New Mexico locations are simply stunning. After seeing so many films with rear projection, CGI, and other obvious trickery is so 
Routine story that is well done. My biggest problem with the movie is that everybody is happy and wins at the end. It is a competition, but they are no 
A celebrity musical look at the life of Dr. Seuss. A newspaper reporter Kathy Najimy is trying to put together background information for a tribute to Dr. Seuss in real 
My favorite movie... I liked the deleted scenes...too bad they took them out from the general audiences. Those scenes made for a more powerful human story...too powerful for civilians, I 
Best Rory DVD Ever!. This collection is high quality, spanning the career of some his greatest hits. I ve been telling everyone who loves Gallagher to buy it. You will 
Dangerous Liaisons. Remember that movie Cruel Intentions? Well picture that movie taking place in the 18th century with much better actors and you have Dangerous Liaisons, which took home the 
Great Series, BUT!!!. I want to thank you for the trouble you went to, but it seems that the dvd s from the 3rd season are troubled! I got 2 
Buy It, or Rent It, But see It!. I saw a review below that complained about The DVD... no notes , etc. Some people always find something to gripe about! 
A great movie!. Fans of the big band sound will love this one. Lots of music and Jimmy Stewart is awesome as Glenn Miller.  
Good Morning Maisy. I thought this is age appropriate. It tells the letters and does some counting. We are very happy with the dvd.  
Documentary of a Legend. I ll put this review in perspective, this is the only product I have ever purchased on Amazon solely on the basis of the prerelease e-mail. 
Fantastic dancing!. It was so much better than anything I could imagine. Absolutely loved the dancing and the costumes. Wish I could ve been there  
Fantastic. I really loved the movie, is fascinating. I got myself almost crying because of the perseverance of lorenzo s parents. I think that faith is everything, without it there 
Best Movie for Children and Adults to enjoy together. My granddaughter absolutely loves this movie and she s only one year old. Not to mention that my husband and I 
Not a bit dated. Period pieces often age well, and The Odessa File is no exception. It s 1963, and the movie makes you realize that that s not so 
David Cronenberg, A Brilliant Vision Amongst the Hollywood Rubble. This movie builds suspense unlike few films. David Cronenberg is the master of unsettling thought provoking cinema, and this movie is 
ONE OF HAL ROACH S BEST COMEDIANS. Harold Lloyd was definetly among the silent movie era s best comedians.My two favourite films in this compilation are Safety Last and Girl 
SNG Heaven. If you play Sit and Gos , or want to learn final table dynamics, this series of one-table NLHE tournies with 8 of the best poker players ever 
CANNIBALS WHO WANNA BE LIKE JASON. Although many reviewers didn t like the second part of the Hills , I still wouldn t call it one of the worst sequels 
Better than blade. Now I know you may I m crazy for saying that but it s my personal opinion. Blade is good but Trinity although good it left me 
Big homework . Josh finds a machine at the carnival. He wishes to become big as he thinks it will make him more confident around the girl he likes. The 
Watch this film!. It is crucial that you see this film - even if only to highlight the injustices of the Arkansas Judicial System and its Good Ol Boy Network. 
Old Episodes?...So, what!. Wow! I cant believe how big of a deal it is to people whether or not the episodes are new or not, my thing is how much 
Best concert on Video?Probably so... After dismantling the mammoth stage productions of ZooTV and Popmart in the nineties, U2 returned with the old fashioned approach to the live concert setting.Stripping 
Terrific melodrama in black , white and shades of gray. Southern gothic melodrama, excellent cast, subject matter is very dated by today s standards. But, well acted. enjoy  
Becoming Open To Love: Good Film Despite Rough Edges. Garth Maxwell co-wrote and directed this 1998 New Zealand film and despite some rough edges in the production process and in 
THE MOST ACCURATE AND COMPLETE VEGAS STORY. Anyone who loves Las Vegas would love this collection. It is a well produced, entertaining and complete history of VEGAS! Once you finish 
Almost great. Knowledgeable fans of bicycle racing will enjoy the great footage and this behind-the-scenes look at the German Telekom now T-Mobile team in the 2003 Tour De France. However, 
If they re going to watch videos, it might as well be about Math!. This is a great video, nothing objectionable. My 3 year old sings along with it. Within 
Old school! Feel-good Film!. Flashback to the time you were the popular girl and the lower class guy had a thing for you and you dug his style. The problem; 
A slice of my childhood. I haven t watched wrestling for 15 years, but from 1985 through 1989 it was a major part of my life. Hulk Hogan was the 
Some of Us Have It, Some of Us Don t. Deal With It!. While it may not be a completely original idea, The Incredibles is an action-packed, thoroughly amusing piece 
SOAPY SAGA THAT RIVALS PEYTON PLACE, WITH AN ORANGE-HAIRED JOAN CRAWFORD!. This 1959 soapy saga does indeed have everything: lecherous old geezers making passes at sweet young things, bitter old 
Convincing despite straining credibility. The story gets a bit complicated because it deals a little bit with law issues. The real problem is that most of us get kind of 
It gets much better... I d really like to give the first season of SG-1 3.5 stars, but not having that option, I m rounding up.Basically, as others have stated, 
Overlooked, Enigmatic Horror Mystery Gem. Very well-made and underappreciated cryptic horror movie about a small group of performers hired to stage a private play for a strange family of rich 
A Poignant Masterpiece. There are very few films that have literally brought tears to my eyes. They must be films of uncompromising emotional power. Films like Magnolia, The Passion of 
Sophisticated look at the upwardly mobile class of the Mexican society. I m not very familiar with the Mexican cinema, but it s movies like this one, Amores Perros and 
Not the slickest production - but the method works!. This is not the slickest production where instructional videos are concerned. A lot of badly shot footage. BUT WHO CARES? The 
Great service. Great service and great product. I m stationed in the Middle East, and my product arrived quickly  
I ll Never Forget The Ending. It s been many, many years since I last saw this movie, but I remember it very well. I was real young when I 
 No Disassemble . Nova are a research facility that have just constructed five robots designed for war. After a lightning storm, their Number 5 leaves the group and heads 
Impressive remastered edition of a very impressive movie. You don t have to appreciate Stephen King s works to like this great movie based on one of King s better 
Review by FreaK. Ok..so my mom ordered this set of DVDs. I was bored to DEATH one night because all my friends weren t home, so I decided to watch 
Jimmy Stewart s Amazing The Spirit of St. Louis . Jimmy Stewart stars as the Lone Eagle Charles Lindbergh in Billy Wilder s film The Spirit of St. Louis . 
A great little film. I saw this in the theater - I really like it for its offbeat characters and humor on a dark subject. It did realistically portray the 
Best Thriller in 30 years !!. The Mothman Prophecies is a throwback to the time when horror movie didn t actually mean Teenage Gore Fest. I guess the word for 
Rare early appearances of stars themes that will come to dominate 30s and 40s pictures. Ditto all the other good reviews. In addition, watch for--Ted Healy and His Stooges in 
You will enjoy this pleasant surprise!. I am very plesantly surprised with the strawberry shortcake videos!!Something different, Cute, catchy and great for kids to watch!They really bring the strawberry shortcake 
the best road movie ever. Patricia Arquette and Michael Madsen are amazingly wonderful in this film. And I don t understand why this film is not on sale anymore. Is 
The Good Father. I loved the film. Anthony Hopkins never ceases to amaze me with his performances. If you re a fan of his, it s a must see  
Thoroughly entertaining, hilarious documentary. This documentary is a real treat. Louis Prima was such a tremendous showman, with so much energy. The places he lived - New Orleans, Las Vegas 
Beastmaster special edition . This is a must for purchasing dvds! This is one movie that should be on dvd and still in the market! This special edition different from 
to wong foo thanks for everything julie newmar. great movie great soundtrack one of the best themed movies i have seen in a whil  
A landmark film!. This surrealist picture is a magical mysterious tour around a bizarre world where the emotions have been lessened for the social conventionalisms, the double moral, the frivolity, 
Excellent. All three of the titles in this series are excellent. The second in the series, To Play the King, is my personal favorite, showing equal sides of the coin; 
Extraordinary analysis of western music & its history. If you want a survey of western music that reveals both the deep inner dynamics of music and the external flow and 
NOT a kid show!. It seems like all the shows I fall in love with are ones I think look stupid from the previews. I figured oh a kid who 
50 loved this - the negative posts on here are personal attacks and should be ignored. All the haters need to listen here. 50 and his crew loved this dope. 
Once again .........a hit !. As usual C.S.I. is a hit in my book. The stories, chemistry and acting talent all work together to bring another great season of our 
Great workout for Beginners Intermediate. For those of you that you can stand 35-45 minutes of up-tempo cardio without breaking a sweat than you may want a more advanced dvd. 
Realistic, Yet Hopeless War Story. Based upon director and writer Oliver Stone s own experiences in Vietnam, PLATOON was the first major motion picture about that war directed by a 
Entertaining Movie. This is a great movie. Great actors, great performances. It s an older movie, but I don t feel that it is too dated. Fun and interesting to 
A Hard Lesson. The thing that we in our time fail at is to disapprove of someone for the right reasons. The true historical significance of Hitler and the Nazis 
Dreamtime in America. It is so rare to see a film that is both brilliant and you can watch it with your kids. After we watched the last of the 
The other side of the story. Excellent glimpse into one of the most important and integral news agencies of the decade. IF you can watch it with the walk a 
YABBA-DABBA-DOO!. Episode Guide:29. The Hit Song Writers: Taking their cue from There s Loot in Lyrics , Fred and Barney try to pen a hit song. They get a helping 
5 stars for genius of idea, 2 stars for implementation problems. Most people in these reviews and everywhere else bash this film on a level that should be reserved for 
It s Incubus...need I say more?. First of all this is a good DVD though there are some downsides to it. For instance as someone else mention you have to 
amazing and breathtaking. I am rarely moved by a film as I have with this one. This film is fairly flawless with wonderful not over the top acting, zgreat wonderful 
one day i m going there. This movie is brilliant! Having seen the Neville Brothers in concert; and having a few CDs by them as well as Dr John and 
3rd once and again. i wish that there would come out with the 3rd season of once and again i just love that show soooo much. i wish it was 
PERFECTO. I gotta say that I loved this show. Not only did it perfectly showcase Jessica Simpson as a marketer s dream machine because of her airheady comments, but it 
Excellent farce of a hold up. It epitomizes the media circus following the armed hold up of a museum with children. Certainly a comical look at terror attacks is a 
The Kettle Tribe. It has been 20 years since I have seen one of these movies. These are great films with two stars that obviously suited each other so well 
Awesome adaptation of book. Not exactly written as book. With all due respect to the author of the book, if I wrote this book, I would be honored to have 
Worthwhile if only for the gorgeous scenery!. I had read Under the Tuscan Sun, and fell in love with Italy...watching this movie only deepened that love. Diane Lane plays an 
Great DVD. I m an obsessed fan of Mr Bean and Although this is bits of Mr Bean - it still includes lots of funny footages. Because it s not 
BIG GULP, GO TO 7-ELEVEN AND GET YOURSELF A BIG GULP!. College Grads, Mininum Wage, The Gap, Slackers, Roommates, Disco,Friends with Benefits, Health Clinic, My Sharona 80 s song , 
A classic underdog story. The Karate Kid is probably one of the best teenage underdog stories that I have seen. The story was excellent, and Ralph Macchio and Pat Morita 
A film that focuses on middle-aged gay men. An interesting film that revolves around a group of middle-aged gay men who are struggling with aging, past regrets, and their livelihoods--all 
Those jackasses are !@# ing hilarius. I am a big jackass fan. I like all the other MTV shows like Wildboyz and Viva la Bam. Well the show isnt as 
Familiar ground, but still entertaining. The story drags a bit in the beginning, but by the end, my wife and I ended up enjoying the movie quite a bit. The 
A very good version of a great story. The 1938 version of A Christmas Carol is full of colorful renderings even though it s in black-and-white of very familiar Dickens 
Alec Guinness is fantastic!. Alec Guiness is fantastic as a sort of likeable but stubborn starving artist. It s a great character and probably my favorite performance from him he 
Poignant film about an intricate brother-sister relationship. This has become one of my favorite movies because of its realistic and honest portrayal of family life. In fact, it masterfully describes 
One ultra-cool cheesy funny high-intensity action film. I love this movie! Its definitely one of my favorites, and I have the tendency to watch it twice in a row! Mark 
Not as cool if you re an adult. This one has great moments like the guy discovering that his hand has turned into green mold or Tom Baker going off 
JASON & THE ARGONAUTS. Very good fantasy movie. Excellent special effects.VERNON KESTLE  
Met Stephen Stills in Whistler back in the 80 s!!. My moment with Mr. Stills was when I gave him a ride in my taxi in the late 80 s 
LUDACRIS THE RED LIGHT DISTRICT DVD. I M A BIG LUDA FAN AND DTP FAN THE DVD IS REALLY GOING TO BE HOT.BECAUSE THERES LOTS OF HOT GIRLS AND NAKED 
Awsome Box Set. Ok, just got this awsome box set on Monday...and its very very good. Some people might get turned off by the Chinese Text but I ve had 
Great dramatizations. I don t know where National Geographic gets these actors who do the dramatizations but they are really top notch. It brings a realism to the subject matter 
Marlon Brando and Colonialism. This Pontecorvo film on colonialism and slavery has been unfortunately a hidden piece of Brando filmography. Yet, Brando is at his best in portraying a British 
Heartwarming, good for all ages. I remember watching Anne of Green Gables when I was a little girl with my sister, over and over again. Laughing everytime Anne broke her 
new network, new time . after one season abc let wonder woman go and cbs picked her up. with the new network also came a time change for wonder woman 
The Battle For Paradise Has Begun... When Star Trek: First Contact was released to huge box office numbers, it was evident to Paramount Pictures that audiences were still extremely interested 
Bob is hilarious!. I like seeing Bill Murry in movies like this, from he eighties and nineties. I think he was at his best in some of these. Not like 
X-Men Evolution Mania!!!. Personally, i like x-men evolution evo better than the 90 s series. Evo has better plots, better lines, and the characters look great. This box set is 
A Winner. This is one of my all time favorite movies. It s full of Keaton s self discovery. She discovers who she really is, and it s not who 
Amazing. I saw it on HBO about four to five years ago and thought it was the best way to portray a hypothetical situation in a real world environment. So 
No thong leotards, PLEASE. Oh my gosh, this is probably one of the best workout DVD s EVER and I m addicted to The Firm. The instructor is upbeat and 
Great story. Long but good. Shows how lucky Americans are to live in a stable environment  
A little rough, but a great first effort. Most people that like Wes Anderson s films are rabid fanatics, and I m no exception, so when the chance came to 
dinner conversation at its best. The plot of this movie, such that it is, would seem to be a recipe for disaster, but I am one of the many fans 
A pure joy to watch. I am not a movie expert or spend my time analyzing -- but I have to tgell you that I love the classics and this 
Pirate Movies. This a pretty good collection of Pirate movies, although the quality and special effects left a little to be desired. Overall, this collection is worth it  
Whenever I m Ready For Baseball Season. Certain movies really capture the feel of their themes, and this one is the one movie that really captures the magic of Baseball 
Great Sleeper!. Not sure if this movie opened in the US, but due to Hugh Laurie s role in the show, House the DVD is now available. Very cute story, 
Struggling QiGong student, needed help- Wow! This really helped!. This is a great DVD,the extra documentary discusses the history and current use of QIGong, with actual footage of the Masters 
John freaking Candy. He is the man... If you don t like John Candy, then you can get he f ck out. He make a big ss pancake then flips 
Breakthrough for Hitchcock. Now, I m one of those few people who in general finds displeasure in Hitchcock films, because far too often the basic story is repeated and, sometimes, 
Fragile Life and Conquering Love. The title of this film is taken from a poem written by Alexander Pope entitled Eloisa to Abelard . Pope based his poem upon the 
Comedy DVD s. Excellent DVD by Bill Cosby. He s very down to earth for the audience  
A great anti war film. An interesting look at the Vietnam War by using the Army as an instrument to see the war from the inside of one of the 
We are going to eat you!!!. PLOT: A brief prologue shows a silhoutted man shooting a wrapped up body in the head. Then he says, The boat can leave now. 
Great Movie!. This is a good family movie. Great story about a girl and her dad.I really enjoyed it :  
Shall We Laugh?. This film is primarily a screwball comedy with dance and song numbers thrown in for good measure. The story concerns a ballet star Fred Astaire and a 
Fox shines in this delightful film. The professional critics hated this film, so it can t be all bad! In fact, it provides an excellent background on which Micheal J. 
Appreciation of Cosmos from a Liberal Arts Perspective rather than a Scientific One. In watching Cosmos, one feels awakened to the mysteries, intricacy, beauty and power of the universe.That being 
Michael s home!. 10 years after the events of parts 1 & 2, Michael Myers has been in a coma and has been awaken. He goes out to Haddonfield so 
Maybe the best western of all time. Brilliant, brooding story of revenge in Mexico and California in the 1880 s. Classic dialogue and fabulous photography in the only film ever 
Deep and somewhat unsettling, The Cider House Rules delivers the goods. `The Cider House Rules succeeds in delivering a touching and thought provoking melodrama that s only elevated by the 
A father s film. Since its initiation in 1986,Billy Crystal and Robin Williams,with Whoopi Goldberg,have hosted a series of Comic Relief shows,which were fundraisers for the homeless. Crystal and Williams,longtime 
Romantic and strangely beautiful film. Almost all of the previous reviewers gotthis totally wrong.I found this movie very romantic,haunting andstrangelybeautiful  
Ann Taylor s memories of filiming Salome. Weird to see this old movie of ours on DVD. This was filmed mainly in the basement of my sister s florist s 
the eiger sanction. I like this Eastwood movie; I always found myself watching it when it came on TV so I bought it  
classic film noir. I loved this dvd I was able to watch it when I wanted to saturday and sunday mornings, I woke up with a cup of coffee and 
Warm and Fuzzy. What is a romantic comedy without Meg Ryan? Not quite the same and that is why French Kiss works. Meg s character of Kate is very similar 
A great movie. I absolutely love this movie! I don t feel the need to own many movies, but this is one I like to watch a couple times a 
The Public Enemy. Scarface starts off with a warning. The events depicted in the film are part of a real problem and it is up to the citizens to hold 
Remains A Great Movie. This is a wonderful film. Hopkins performance is a study in measured, method acting..it s one of the best performances I have ever seen on film. 
Pickpocket Brilliantly Dissects the Human Psyche in the Shadow of Morality... Robert Bresson s genius rests in his awareness that actions often reflect on reality, as the action is something 
Central American Farce. Give Allen credit. He learned early that sacred cows make the best hamburger. This extremely politically incorrect and extremely funny satire should appall conservatives and delight liberals. 
You can watch it over and over again!. Great movie about when life throws you lemons , you make lemonade . A wonderful story about a man not letting anything 
A superb set of great films showing the versatility of the great Mitchum!. This is a wonderful assemblage of terrific Robert Mitchum movies, spanning nearly three decades. His star shined 
Pretty good horror movie. For all that has been written about how gross Hostel is, I found surprisingly not as gross as I had expected. The bloody parts don t 
The source of one-liners for all following generations. I can t think of any other hindi movie where I was cheering for villain as much as Sholay. The villain is 
Fascinating!. I love the approach taken on this. It is not so much an attempt to either prove or disprove the events of the bible, but an attempt to put 
Gustavo. Excellent! I enjoyed it so much.... and will keep watching it over and over....  
great buy. love the series, and this DVD came in perfect condition earlier than predicted.  
John Ford s Best Film. John Ford is a filmmaker who has been much praised by many and derided by a good many others. The chief criticism seems to lie 
I like Poloroids. Billy, as aspiring gay photographer who does all his work with a poloroid camera, finds himself attracted to Gabriel, a waiter who he suspects might be straight. 
{~~}==# HILARY HAHN --- SUPER --- simply SUPERB!!! --- A MUST for all of HILARY HAHN s fans!!!!!. SUPER HILARY HAHN!!! It is very nice to see that such a 
form your own opinion. its easy to state facts when you talk about the quality of a power tool or a tv. but when it comes to things like movies 
Not for the Little Ones -- a review of Leapfrog Storybook Factory . In the Product Description it says that this video is for the 3 to 6 year old 
Fantastic documentary. One of the best documentaries I ve ever seen. They still don t make documentaries like this one. Very real. At the same time you develop a great 
Classic Eastwood western with Hawai i Five-0 influence from Prodcr. Len Freeman and actor James MacArthur. Not your average garden variety revenge-Western either. Eastwood did act WELL inhere, not just 
GREAT!!. The DvD is great and so was the price. The movie is EXCELLENT!!! Can t stop watching it!  
Michael is back!. Halloween 4 brings back our old friend Michael Myers as he escapes from a local hospital and tracks down his young niece in Haddonfield.He massacres more than 
Lots of Fun. These dances are a lot of fun and the training is well-coordinated. Highly recommended  
Abandoned is a good movie. Abandoned is the story of a little boy who is dumped into a home for orphans. He and other boys are treated badly by the 
Topper s RETURNED!. And he s got a carload of women! Actually, not a carload ,just two... One of whom happens to be a ghost! She drags topper to an 
Everyone Comes to Rick s. Casablanca is widely considered the classic romantic movie of all time. Its themes of love and personal responsibility are timeless. Its simple, straight-forward storyline has 
Las Vegas Unbelievable!!!. I have watched this movie probably a dozen times. I found it to be one of the better movies out. Nicolas Cage was truly unbelievable!!! One of 
A very pleasant surprise. I thought I was taking a risk on buying this DVD because there was not much info on it. After watching the full DVD, I m 
What? No Mrs. Columbo?. I have read the reviews so far and wish I also had seen these before the dvd release. Is that the end of the Mrs Columbos 
Showing some moves. This is my favorite dance instruction video so far. Jermaine is a great dancer and a very good teacher. He choreographed some flashy moves worthy of Michael 
CSN behind the scenes and raw. This is a great DVD. It s not a concert but has footage from the very early years of CSN all the way into 
Lost in the Unknown with Bruno Ganz. Plunge a character into a world that is unknown and completely foreign to them and watch as their world comes crashing down around 
Catching up on my Vice. When this season originally aired, I found myself with a social life so hanging around the dorm room to watch a TV show on a 
Wonderful!! Let this story touch your heart. I just bougth not one but two of these DVDs, one for me and one for a very good friend of mine that 
Great Job BBC. I had forgotten this was one of the stories with missing episodes. Rather than asking fans to use their imagination, the BBC folks utilized Flash Frames to 
Good fun!. Torrance Shipman Kirsten Dunst becomes the new captain of the high school cheer leading team that takes pride in winning competition championships year after year. She discovers that 
Great classic. I really like this movie and have been waiting for awhile to get it.It was available from other sellers at an outrageous price and i wasnt going to 
One of my favourite films. Franois Truffaut s first film in the English language still stands up well, in my opinion. It is a very fine adaptation of Ray Bradbury 
Nice and easy. This is a nice and easy way to get into the world of tango. The instruction is very simple. The progression from lesson to lesson is easy 
The syndrome Crusoe?. The major achievement of this very interesting dramatic premise about the riddled question what if I be in your place? is a smart invitation in form of 
A Good Movie. If you like Nicolas Cage and Angelina Jolie, you have to see this movie. Also, you get a taste of some hot cars, and fast driving. Always 
kicking little men and screechy women. I m not going to try to get all the characters names right in Yi Yi. And there are a lot of characters, an 
Prequel To Silence Of The Lambs..... We all know the movie and story of The Silence Of The Lambs. I reviewed the movie and gave it a 5 star rating 
Just Want to Add My Vote!. This is a near-perfect gem of a film. I can add little to the glowing and thoughtful reviews already posted on this site, and, 
With or without baby. I love this workout! You do have to wait until your baby can hold her own head, but you can do it on your own, as 
HONEYCOMB. As I watched the DVD, I did seeking for an answer to something that this movie had stirred in me. To my amazement it surfaced in me that this 
Her Best!. I love Doris Day, but I think this is her best movie. And I love Oscar Levant; I think his dry sense of humor is wonderful  
I saved lots and got better instructon. This is an excellent DVD. Lots of repetion, explanation and exercises.My wife and I have taken thousands of dollars in ballroom lessons in 
Almost live Buffett. I was very pleased with this DVD. It was almost like being there. As a huge Buffett fan, and after seeing live shows over the past 7 
A Mackerel Sky. Meryl Streep gives a heartbreaking performance in this deeply affecting and brilliant film about a woman trapped forever in the past. Susan Traherne might appear on paper 
putting all there. Having watched this DVD only once all i can say is it has lived up to the expectations i was expecting .The tour de force of Sondheims 
Finnally!. We never got BNL video s down here in Australia, so I knew the band only from there music the odd QuickTime of there video s & there enhanced 
We all wear Masks metaphorically speaking. This was the movie that made me love Jim Carrey. What an excellent use of his physical comedic abilities. The story line is very 
The Son of the Shiek . As a historical silent movie, I enjoyed the disk very much. Considering when it was produced the scenery and technical aspects were very interesting. 
MOST POWERFUL APHRODISIAC ON THE PLANET. Let s be honest: a well done sensual massaage is one of the ultimate turn-ons. Here it all is, laid out for you in 
One of the most powerful family dramas I ve ever seen!. I finally saw this film the other night and I have to say that I was utterly floored. This 
Very good, but too Disney-fied. I liked this film a lot. The big flaw in this release can be summarized in one word, Disney.It was not the name American actors 
Great Fun. Totally silly and hilarious movie. Starring some people you never thought would be in a movie together, such as Ringo Starr, Dennis Quaid and Shelly Long. I saw 
A Slow Spin in the Porcelain. I ll make this short and sweet. I used to work in spin. I did advance, which is creating media events for politicians. In 
Mozart Meets the Whale -- It s a Love Story, a Good One Too. Mozart & The Whale follows a romantic story of two people with Asperger s Syndrome - 
Another Poignant View of the Holocaust from Prague. Writer Jir Hubac and Director Matej Minac have created a fine and very different approach to the Holocaust stories of WW II 
Wonderful Movie. This is a wonderful movie. It made me cry in several places not for the saddness but for the sweetness of the movie. The interaction between Frankie and 
AWESOME High Definition PICTURE AND SOUND!!!!. Listen up!!!!Get yourself a HD-DVD player and be ready to be blown away with this movie... Great image and sound that will make you 
THE STRAIGHT STORY. WE CAME ACROSS THIS MOVIE BY ACCIDENT WHILE WE WERE CAMPING & JUST LOVED IT SO WE CAME HOME & PURCHASED IT RIGHT AWAY. IT S SUCH 
Love Dangerfield. Hey if you love Rodney Dangerfield s brand of humour you will lap this up. it is never going to win awards or be the subject of any 
YYYYEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHHH BOY!. This is what I was waitin for. It wasn t better than the first one but it put the second to shame. The story was funny to me. 
TEEN TITANS ROX!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. It s the best thing ever! Oh, yeah this is the thing you want to buy! I loooooove Teen Titans!!!!!!!!!!!!! They re sooooooooooo cooooooooool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Marvelous!. This movie teaches us a lot about love and life and the value of life at all age levels, and how precious one s mind and memory is. And, 
One of the Best Movies I ve Seen In a Long Time. Many reviewers on this site have said that they would want to see a film that focuses on 
Thank s Hallmark,For Showing This A Lot. Hi,I watch this EVERY time it is on the Hallmark chanel,Loved it so much had to buy it.Great movie for all of you 
Smart and funny. Brosnan is great, Kinnear is really funny, a gem of a movie  
Song Title. This is not a review but a question. For anyone that may know the title of the music being played while Brody and Utah are skydiving near the 
Enjoyed the plot and really liked the ending. The movie kept me watching partly because of the photography and partly because I really enjoyed the soundtrack. Not an everyday movie 
Starring.....Marc Singer s Body!. Singer had the best male body, bar none, I have ever seen in films and it is really the star of this one, right behind the 
Too Close For Comfort?. To the disenchantment of members of the George Stevens fan club, Stevens is not one of my favorite directors. Yes I ve seen plenty of his 
Vibrant. WOW! Blue Wild Angel is one of those concert films that completely floors you - the kind you find yourself listening and watching at every opportunity. This DVD should, 
Getting my feet wet. This is a sad little gem of a movie. I really liked that the plot explored more themes than just romantic love. The story had as 
Fun and educational letter-learning guide. My son was having a difficult time learning his letters. More specifically, he didn t have the desire. Two different people recommended this DVD to 
You Were Right Mr. Mayer !. Like the Little Rascals Our Gang comedies the Andy Hardy series of films are ageless. Louis B.Mayer often liked sentimental films that idolized America 
Hulk HD-DVD. You will not find a more spectacular looking HD-DVD. This is the movie to have to show off your HD system to your friends. Simply amazing. Pay no 
The Total Package. Hard to believe ESPN could come up with programming this original but they came through with flying colors with Tilt. With the current poker craze everywhere you 
A Violent Pursuit of Justice. The basic story outline is the same as the original movie about Buford Pusser. It is a story of a man who sees corruption running 
wicked cool. dude i love every dolph lundgren movie hes put out. maybe im biased watching this one but i could definately see why people say this one is totally 
Regulations!. I m not sure why Terrence Stamp kept shouting Regulations! Was it because the bad guys were breaking the regulations? Seems like a weird thing to yell. Sort of 
Near Perfect Dickens Adaptation: No One Makes Films Like This Today. There are so many adaptations of Charles Dickens, but many of them in and after the 1950s are actually 
:0 . Was this crazy or what Mark did a very unbelievable job and he play that roll right down to the T..very scarey i haven t been in a 
Excellent learning tool. Wow, what an excellent DVD! Since the first time we put it on for our 20 months old daughter, she has been hooked to it. This is 
Candy doesn t need a reason.....that s why it s candy. I ll start off by saying I ve never been a fan of Johnny Depp. So it surprised me 
Depp is brillant. Depp always commit full heartedly to his performances and this film is no exception. His near flawless performance as the very unlikeable George Jung, for me, is 
Really impressed by Yundi Li. I really enjoy all the pieces played in this DVD. You are impressed not only by his virtuosity when he ran his hands up and 
Brilliant. not really that scary but the story line was brilliant and thrilling. Dakota fanning is definately the most talented in this movi  
British Entertainment. This movie contains many humorous situation and yokes included in Are You Being Served? series, so if you have seen one you may feel like you have seen 
Great DVD, Music, Artist and Story. Cuban Music. !!!Nothing better. Buy this DVD because it is a great beautiful story.Because it brings to the front the great talent and warmth 
Very impressed!. I must admit I cannot do all of the abs moves, but I am happy with the quality of the video, the instructors, and the workout! It is 
Inspiring on all levels. This review focuses on various human-emotion topics of the film rather than details of the storyline:I sobbed from a spiritual soul epiphany sparked by this film. 
 :D ....it was ok for me. i put off a long time in watching this movie and i m sorry i did i loved it a tear jerker some 
One star in the universe of the german expressionism!. This film is a duty for all the viewer . Do not ever doubt just for a second . Murnau made 
Not your average western. This is a very entertaining Clint Eastwood western, that I have probably watched more times than any other film. Its nearer 5 stars for me in 
Another Amazing Season Of Brilliant Brilliance!. Wow. ER just rolled along from season to season with amazing storylines and superbly compelling drama, didn t it? Season Three is no exception. 
Supernatural Forces Dominate Windowless Mansion. Director John Hough masterfully presents the screen version of Richard Matheson s novel Hell House with a perfect cast to bring the ghost tale to 
Poetry in Motion. We know we are onto something special when the movie started with the comment that it isn t deliberately sped up. Then, the dancers started doing their 
Blue. I don t know how familiar I can say I am with Krzystof Kieslowski. I ve seen 2 3 of The Decalogue his ten-hour masterpiece and now I ve 
Chopin, another story. Excellent film which gives an insight into another aspect of the life of Chopin. Sensitive and very thorough in its content  
One of the best movies about Vietnam. Based on a true story; Location; Vietnam in The valley of the death. Lt. Colonel Moore leading 400 American troopers is surrounded by 
Do not feel disappointed. For those of you who are looking for the t-shirt look no further than the 3rd volume in the series. By far the best collection of 
One of any WW II buffs collection!!!. A good cast of old favorites.A movie made to give the people on the home front confidence thatthe Japs could be beaten.I ve 
Good basketball movie. This is a good basketball movie and if you are a basketball fan, you definitely should see it. Also, it is a good movie to show teams. 
ONE OF POLANSKI S MASTERPIECES. I took one star off because of the poor DVD transfer which had been mentioned already in other reviews. Forget about bonus features, there are 
turn on the AC!. i used to watch A and C movies every sunday on tv after church and before football started. i laughed then and i laugh now. truly 
No subtitles. I live in Memphis and love this movie but I would not have bought it if I had known there are no English subtitles on the DVD version. 
Touching - Awesome - Phenomenal - Great - Word for Word. I must agree with the person who wrote Reasons This Is My Favorite Jesus Movie .I saw The Visual 
A sad day for comedy lovers. It is a sad day for comedy lovers as we lost John Ritter. Problem Child is an entertaining movie. Both Ritter and the young 
Good for fans!. Fans of the musical West Side Story should enjoy this box set complete with the entire script of the film and special features including a look back 
World Cinema Classic. I have seen this film many times. Great acting, directing, set, music. I remember a critic somewhere expressing his view that Jane s acting was over the 
MY SECRET WEAPON!. I purchased this video at Best Buy, because I thought the title was cute. Now, 2 months later, I have lost 15 pounds and gone down to 
No Agita with this movie. OK, I ve been watching Woody s movies fot years.But Broadway Danny Rose is the best thing he has ever done.THE BEST!!!Forget all the others, 
Best Possible Sequel made to the Original!!!!!!!!!. First of all, I would have to say is I am deeply moved my this movie. Let me tell all of your Lonesome 
RUTGER HAUER AND GENE SIMMONS!. WANTED DEAD OR ALIVE IS ONE OF THE GREATESTMOVIES EVER MADE! A CLASSIC! RUTGER HAUER ISAWESOME AS A SECRET AGENT WITH GENE SIMMONSAS A TERROIST 
A sober, disturbing history of the Invisible Empire ... To answer the reviewer s question below, I am a US History teacher who has used this video numerous times in 
Great. A great classic cult movie, estevez, i really remembered him in this. Shot in downtown Los Angeles it definently has a very LA flavor, a native would understand what 
The simple life 3 - The interns. I thought simple life 3 was pretty good. That is if you like Paris Hilton and Nichole Richie Which i do Otherwise i 
Great Stuff; What are the others talking about?!. I m not sure about the people who complained about these 3 DVDs. I think that the voice overs are great as 
A pleasant review. I was pleased with how soon my order arrived. No problems  
An adaptation the way it should be done!. I bought this as a Christmas gift for my Mother, but I hadn t realized how much I would also enjoy it. 
Awesome Videos !!!. I took the risk and bought this DVD although in Amazon s listing appears as a CD audio . Fortunately I got what I wanted. This is 
Great fun. Stingray is part three in the Gerry Anderson five part development and eventual perfection of marionette based shows. Supercar was crude and campy good 1960 kidshow fun. Fireball 
Brings the quintessential Renaissance man back to life. It s unfortunate that the first thing many people would think of today at the mention of Da Vinci s name is 
this is joy, definitely watch it. definitely worth watching. all these people emerging from the decadence of 1910s and avant-garde of 20s thus bringing a charming mix of mannerism and 
Decadent, Cool and Highly Enjoyable. This is a movie I think people either like a lot or dislike a lot. I ve seen it twice in movie houses and now 
Great. A fine documentary of the making of a great record. Good insight from all sides of the event with interviews throughout featuring both Robertson and Helm as well as 
The extra bonus DVD to the Beatles Anthology DVD set. Great care was put into creating this DVD and it is not a low budget hack some might fear. This 
The Demiurge Spake. To all of those captious parties whistling in the dark: damnant quod non intellegun  
Worthy of the wealth it garnered, and the awards... I liked this version of the Titanic story when I saw it on the big screen, and I ve seen all 
An intelligent and unique werewolf flick. Who would have thought?. Ginger Snaps is a low budget werewolf flick from Canada but that statement hardly does it justice. What we have 
Living with a lost loved one!. I thought this was a great love story, that I would love to have happen to me if I lost a love the way 
Astaire, As Usual, Is Always Worth Watching. The point of a Fred Astaire movie is Fred Astaire dancing. Daddy Long Legs is an uncomfortable attempt to do two additional things. 
Farewell to the Jupiter II. It has been nostalgic and sad to watch the final episodes of season 3 of Lost in Space. The 60s were winding down. The final 
My son adores Thomas. My 3-year-old just adores Thomas and his friends. Personally, I find Ringo Starr and George Carlin to be the best narrators in this series. This DVD 
The GIG continues... This volume gets right to the heart of the plot, and raises important questions. Who really is Gohda? Where is the next refugee threat coming from? Who 
Sophie s Choice. This haunting film is a faithful adaptation of William Styron snovel.It very much deserved Roger Ebert s choice of the topmovie of 1982.Meryl Streep shows why she 
a vastly entertaining action film. Yojimbo is a vastly entertaining action film with all the elements of that genre: fast pace, surprising plot turns, and a justly famous samurai showdown.But 
Good but flawed Spielberg. Munich is not one of Steven Spielberg s best films,but it is still worth watching due mainly to a brilliant cast.Eric Bana,Geoffrey Rush,and Daniel Craig are 
 You ll laugh, you ll cry, you ll kiss three bucks goodbye! . Not long after George Lucas original Star Wars film took theaters throughout the world by storm 
Pokemon Heroes: The Movie. I saw this a couple days ago on DVD becuse I have all the Pokemon movies. and I must say that it was spectacular. Pokemon Heroes: 
Focused on healthy habits rather than body image and technique. PROS: This DVD is appropriate for younger children. It encourages movement and works major muscle groups. The movements are pretty 
Absolutely Brilliant Josette Day. The tale of Beauty and The Beast has been told in various forms for thousands of years. In cinema we have adaptations in King Kong 1933 
Magical, Mystical and Romantic....VHS Includes Behind The Scenes Feature. This review refers to Practical Magic VHS W Documentary Generations of Owens women have been outcasts for over 200 years. They 
david gilmour in concert, DVD. Absoultely fantastic. Almost as good as being there, only withbetter seats. Truly a wonderful musician and timeless. His musicis soulful, and thought provoking. A MUST 
A Very Pleasant Experience. We were unfamiliar with virtually all of the cast except for Maggie Smith, and kind of felt like we were throwing the dice. Well, I m 
Racy yet refined. Secretary doesn t seem like the type of movie that would warrant much attention. At a closer inspection we find out that it has the potential for 
Go Go Go Whitesox. Finally after 88 long years the Chicago White Sox are world champs once againThis dvd is a great wrap up of the postseason run and celebrations 
The Facts of 9 11 Propaganda only to Enemies of Good. Of all the many many documentaries recounting the despicable acts of mass murder committed in the name of Allah 
Pink Floyd - Yes. See how the creative process works when making the world s best selling album ever. Great insight on the a band coming together as one. Interviews 
Meryl ...the Goddess of love. I fall in love with this masterpiece.Meryl streep s perform in this movie is so realisticthat makes one heart cry.Molly s garments are gorgeous,The plot 
Metal God s . No long story but it has to be said: This DVD is pure metal bliss!Priest with Halford is the real deal again, the sound is phenomenal. 
The bridge on the river kwai. Classic movie and glad it finally came on DV  
writer-character-reader perspective - Mrs. Dalloway. Watch Mrs. Dalloway Vanessa Redgrave as well to get deeper writer-character-reader perspective of The Hours  
A magnificent tribute for a culture lost over time... Dances With Wolves is another great period piece that I can watch at least once a year, never tiring of the 
Spooky. If you like movies about the devil, then you will like this one. I love spooky movies and I did enjoy this one  
Ah, Burt!. If the words elegant and eloquence strike a chord with you, then view this film for Burt Lancaster s fine and lasting gift of both. Watch the ending 
Your Heroes Always Let You Down... I had the date for this DVD s release on my calendar for months. I had read reviews of it s insights, and those 
A wonderful family movie!. Johnny Tremain is a very enjoyable movie especially for anyone who likes American history, the revolutionary era in particular. A great way to teach kids about 
Good Movie and then some. It took me awhile to get around to viewing this, primarily because I had a hard time imagining that the subject matter could be converted 
 They won t let us leave.... . The Independent Film Channel has been showing a few classic horror films here lately. A week or two ago, it was the 
if you can only buy one pilates dvd, make it one of Rael s. I have numerous Pilates workouts but Rael is the most thorough and knowledgeable instructor I have 
The Millionairess; incredible beyond words. Shaw s writing with Maggie Smith s performance makes for a most incredible play. England, oh how we love England  
Great shows - quality??. I love the Inspector Morse shows and these are absolutely awesome but I was disappointed in the quality. I m not a technical expert with dvds 
Great British Humor. Good Neighbors is a wonderful British comedy. If you enjoy Are You Being Served , and Keeping Up Appearances , you will find this series an excellent 
 Dumb and Dumber Fun and Funnier. Steve Carell s 40 Year Old Virgin is an immature mess. The man, well, yes..., even the movie. Maybe it s even a 
Don t reach for the moon - you may end up driving cross country in diapers. This 1954 film directed by Billy Wilder and featuring Audrey Hepburn, Humphrey Bogart, and 
See the Movie - then read some of the fear and ignorance here!. HA! Great movie, plot, performances and insights! Gotta see this one, at least once, for experiencing a 
Leon Washintons Review. We as black Americans have been denied our history too long. Steven Spielburg makes a movie about how white people mistreated our black ancestors and the movie 
High adventure that s beyond compare. Gummi Bears was my favorite series when I was a child. They were a part of my life and took part in our games 
Very nice. I have been a huge fan of this anime for as long as I can remember. I have watched all the formats they had out, including the original 
FIRE!. I give this movie 5 stars, only conditionally. This movie has a pretty specific target audience, and outside of this audience most people will perhaps rightly find it to 
Well-done fugitive spin-off Spoiler . I admit it, there are far too many similarities between Fugitive and U. S. Marshals . In a nutshell, the fugitive Deputy U. S. Marshal 
the sandlot. the sandlot is a great movie that reminds you why it was great being a kid  
Pretty Good Flick. The single shot camera action in the beginning is a bit nauseating, but it adds to the affect of the storyline very well. Simply done and well 
A Satisfying Look Inside A Musical Dynasty!!. The thing that I like about this DVD is that it sstraight from the people who made the legend come to life!Maurice, Verdine, 
A Great Comedy; Ties With the Best Final Lines Since Some Like It Hot . The Lady Eve is a film that holds a place on The American Film Institute 
A Gorgeous & Thoughtful Anime. I rented the first volume after it came out - to try and see some RECENT Anime for once! - and was stunned by how 
 Stop puttin those grrrand idears into her head . Jane Wyman one the Best Actress Oscar - and rightly so too - for her sensitive and touching portrayal of 
I love this movie!!!. I finally bought this movie! Everytime it would air on TCM my 15 yr old daughter and I watched. It s not a scary movie, rather 
Scary Because It s Believable. Life imitates art. The main character in this movie may have seemed over the top when it was released. But today, this movie seems almost 
This is a MUST SEE !. I so thorougly enjoyed this film. The acting, story line, cinematography were all excellent.It showed the sadness and joy of life that sometiems occur 
Hilarious. I owned this on tape. The tape was 23 years old, I am now 24 years old. I have always shared this tape now dvd with all of my 
Surprising. . . I bought this only because i loved the first one, hoping it wasn t as terrible as the second. After i watched it i was so impressed. 
Agatha Christie s Poirot. I have almost all of David Suchet s Poirot, which I have watched many times. I enjoy Peter Ustinov s portrayal of this detective a bit 
LOOKING FOR CHARISMA? NOT JUST ROMANCE?. Here is a hotshot exe. who really want to be a baker. Not fire people. It tickled me when he walked out.Dom has two 
This show gets better every time!. This season starts out with the same question...again... is Dan dead?... NO! to bad too Lucas and Brooke get back together, Peyton meets her 
funny movie. next friday was so much better than the first one. with much more funnier scenes. and this movie is reccommended for everyone  
Pilot Confusion. I was a DUE SOUTH fan from the show s beginning to its end. That it was on the air for such a short time is unfair. The 
 We do women - this is our specialty . This comment may contain spoilers Beverly and Elliot Mantle are identical twins and have shared everything during their entire lives 
THE film of its genre. This film could not be made today. With the strict censorship of political correctness anything smacking of stereotype is forbidden. Ironically it was this film 
Platinum Edition 2006. Well, I wanted to wait until the HD-DVD of Universal for the film Scarface was comming up. Obviously we ll have to wait a little longer.The picture 
Pleasant And Entertaining Fun For The Children!. From some of the reviews I looked at below you d think that children didn t have a right to watch the things 
So much valuable information!. I do not recommend this DVD for those who are looking for a fluid workout. I was disappointed that I had to press pause in order 
Movie For Analytical People with OCD Addiction Narcissism Issues. I guess I can understand why people don t like this movie. It can seen as pointless and depressing. However, obviously, 
The best Season of Lucy . The third season of most sitcoms is usually the best, where the characters have become well developed and the plots well established.This season of 
Grumpy Old Men. We have in this movie the ultimate of contrast and comedy. It is one of the few movies that I keep on the DVD shelf to watch 
Thee best show, disappointing DVD set up. Again, I have to say this is my favorite show of all time Firefly is a close second . . . I was 
If not the greatest, then the most original thriller ever put on film. Memento eclipses everything which preceded it, and set the bar so high it may never be topped. 
Hopefully will inspire many more bands to do the same... What an awesome idea and tremendous videos from a band with great emotionally powerful songs. I wish more bands would 
The Movie Earns Five Sig Heils. Ever since Saving Private Ryan came out, there has been a rebirth in the World War II movie craze. But this film, by far, 
Fabulous Dean Martin!. This is highly recomended for all Dean Martin s fans.A compilation of songs from the Dean Martin Show give us the artist doing what he did better 
The Life of the Repo Man Is Always Intense. Without a doubt the greatest film to come out of the 80 s. This film has everything, cool music, cool cars, 
How Cleveland survived the War. The Deerhunter opens in a dreary mill town It was shot in Cleveland . According to the production notes, Robert de Niro spent some time 
Power of the Priest. Many directors have one forte, for Hitchcock it was suspense. But the difference between Hitchcock and other directors is he could used his forte in various 
BEST COMEDY-HORROR EVER: BAR NONE!. I must admit, time has not lessened the appeal of this classic comedy-horror film. In fact, considering the bloated horror films that pass themselves off 
Simply The Best. This box set, is whats the word? Fascinating, it measures up for the excellent movies.JURASSIC PARK -Jurassic Park gets a easy 10 10 from me. I have 
The Mary Tyler Moore Show - The Complete Fourth Season. If you loved this show, you have to get all the seasons on DVD. When is season 5 coming out? 
A Good Pair. I ve always felt that the pairing of Doris Day and Rod Taylor was as equally as good as that with James Garner or Rock Hudson, and 
Thank God It s On DVD!!!!!!!. Shame this is Region One ONLY Donna s fanbase is WORLDWIDE!!!!! But nevertheless, plays in my DVD drive of my PC and great to 
Totally engrossing. one of the most interesting films I have seen in years, its one of those movies that you will have to watch a few times to actually understand.I 
the rookie. great inspirational movie, very well done..i had goosebumps when jim morris enters the game near the end of the fil  
Rich in romance and history. I love many of the actors and actresses who starred in this movie and was not disappointed in their roles or performance. This movie is 
Good follow up to The Santa Clause. While The Santa Clause 2 may not pack the same punch as the original Santa Clause starring Tim Allen, this sequel is a 
A Great DVD To Get The Young Ones Moving!!. I thought this was a wonderful DVD because of the following factors: The goal of this Billy Blank s DVD is 
Lots of Shadow. Lots and lots of live Shadow here, performing in front of very active video screens. It s all pretty great. Here s the set list:Intro Act 1Fixed 
Too Good To Be True? It s That Good!!!. When I first heard of this product, I was a little skeptic, as I had spent a lot of time & 
hooray!. It is so exciting to finally have all these cartoons available! I grew up watching them on the Disney Channel, but they don t show these on TV anymore, 
Good Soccer Movie. This movie is very entertaining. My daughter really enjoyed it since she plays soccer and could relate to the kids learning to play and be a team. 
Another Outstanding Flicker Alley Release. Here comes another outstanding silent film release from the folks at Flicker Alley. First there was THE GARDEN OF EDEN a very obscure film from 
A Guitar Lovers Heaven!. Having been a Gary Moore fan for about 8 years I was thrilled to see the release of this DVD, and since he doesn t come 
One of my favorite movies. This movie is so sweet and funny. Renee and Ewan have never looked better and they are hilarious in this movie. If you haven t 
Good Price. 1,2 and 4 are good, havnt watched 3 yet. The case and box design are TERRIBLE. tremors 1 skipped playback for about 10 minutes in the middle, i 
HEAVEN KNOWS MR. ALLISON. I have enjoyed this movie since it was first released.... being a Mick myself I watched it in awe as a youngster... but one thing has 
Very Entertaining! I Laughed, I Cried!. It is entertaining if you like over the top violence and laughable serious situations. It was truly a fun film to watch. Definately a 
Don t listen to the audio commentary. Don t listen to the audio commentary by Tom Fontana and Rita Moreno. First of all, it isn t much of a commentary. 
Rock This Country!. Shania Twain is maybe the famous country artist since Dolly Parton. This DVD has all the music videos she has made. The quality isn t the best 
Great Motivation!. This is a great way to learn how to kickbox! It is really easy to follow. I picked it up in only two days! They go through step 
It s about time!. 20th Century Fox is to be congratulated for at last releasing to DVD this excellent movie. It has remained far too long in the vault and 
very good. rescue me is a very good show although if you are a feminist you will probably hate i  
Images of Progressive Dehumanization and Suffering... Neither a documentary nor a story of fictional characters set in a historical setting, The Pianist is the dramatization of the true survival story 
Fever Pitch. Great feel good movie and we love the Red Sox. Never get tired of watching the movie and now have the grandkids into it  
On the Whole, Not Equal To the Sum of Its Parts. Musical revues can be quite tricky. When a show celebrates the talents of a particular composer, having the material 
If you want Funny. This is one of the funniest and more satrically perfect TV Show s ever. And I never thought it would come out on DVD.Loved it then.Love 
If she s wise, why is she waiting in our neighbors car!. Steve Martin who is one of my favorite actors really shines in this tell tale comedy about a 
Great Movie -- authentic, exciting, and humorous too. Anthony Hopkins does a terrific job playing New Zealander Burt Munro in the true story of how a senior citizen from down 
I ve been penetrated and saturated!. What a great film! They don t make them like this anymore, do they? Sharp wit and sly innuendo by genuis writer director Joseph 
Realistic, entertaining, and underated. After seeing the movie ENOUGH, one might presume that Enough copied Eye For An Eye. Both are different stories, but both reflect the realty of our 
spade s a genius. if you like funny stuff, if u like good stuff, if u like to laugh, if u like to be entertained... david spade is your man 
Hilarious Movie. I love 9 to 5. It is truly a classic. The pairing of Jane Fonda, Lilly Tomlin, and Dolly Parton is genius. This movie keeps me laughing the 
JAG, we will miss you. Probably the best show, series on TV. Sorry it ended after an astonishing 10 years. Military, with subtle sexiness and real life  
A very interesting story with good actors. When I saw that this series had come on DVD I remembered how fascinated I was when it was first shown on TV. 
Some people won t take no for an answer. In this 1971 thriller a directorial debut for Clint Eastwood , a California radio DJ, Dave Garver Eastwood finds himself stalked 
Might see it. I may see Blues Brothers 2000.Rated PG-13 for exotic dancing and some language  
Awesome!!!!!. Since I have limited time each day, this DVD offers me the right kind of workout for my time schedule. Keli is extremely inspirational to boot!! I like this 
Classic musical given the star treatment. Some of the re-writes for this movie are a bit hard to take. While the new opening is a little hard to take, it 
Great movies, OK box set. Definitely great movies deserving of five stars and more! These are the Marx Brothers best films, including the great Duck Soup. Having read other customer 
Howl s Moving Castle. The outstanding graphics and animation are typical of any movie from Hayao Miyazaki. The story is entertaining, amusing and touching. I highly recommend this movie which 
Bad quality? Not on my TV!. I was very reluctant to buy the limited edition versions because of the negative reviews. While I wanted the original non-doctored-and-rewritten-within-an-inch-of-their-lives versions, I was 
Pink Floyd - The Wall 25th Anniversary Deluxe Edition . Excellent DVD, I watched it with my wife and my kids 25 and 15.This music spans through the generations  
 Who do you think I look like? Dirty Harry? . SPOILERS throughout.No, RAW DEAL isn t one of the Governator s best flicks, not by a long shot. But 
High Quality Entertainment. Although there are many so-called sitcoms today, it is a pleasure to find that we still have true humor available. Without sex and loose morals, Hogan s 
----------------. omg, i love the the flintstones. when i was a little girl, every morning before i went off to school, my mother and i would watch the flintstones before 
Widely varying quality. The contents of these disks are from different production times and crews. The quality of the contents therefore are widely varying. Some have keen insight and others 
A VERY DARK MOVIE. THIS MOVIE IS BETTER THAN AN ALFRED HITCHCOCK MOVIE. THIS IS PROBABLY BRAD PITTS BEST ACTING PERFORMENCE. IT IS DEFINATELY NOT FOR CHILDREN. IT DOES HAVE 
Brilliantly Casted Film. Kevin Spacey proves that he is a great actor in this one, and he s not even the main character. Guy Pearce s come-out movie showed that 
A Knock Out DVD on a Superb and courageous Artist. This is one of the finest Biographies of a Dancer every put on film. Kelly s form of masculine dancing 
Leaves this and goes to....Burning Down da House ?. This movie is very nice and right....I mean enjoyable.I just can t understand how Steve Martin lowered his standards in the 
Cats - A Must Purchase. It s kind of funny... I guess I have a different perspective on this. I remember playing the music from selections from Cats... from Memories... 
a beautifull film about anne frank. this lovely film follows anne from when she was like 10 years to her death at 15. it is so sad and uplifting at 
The Devil Next Door. The truly frightening thing about Rosemary s Baby is that the satanic cultists are just the normal folks living next door. The very ordinariness of their 
amazing giallo. this is argentos first horror film and one of my favourites how it all comes together at the end is amazing one of the best giallos i ve 
Great Bonuses for a Classic Film. First off, this is one of the funniest films ever made. Anything my girlfrieend can sit through and laugh at with me and not 
Came because of Sela Ward. Stayed because it was a phenomenal show. There are very few shows in my lifetime that I have been fiercely loyal to, but the now 
Box set is good for melon and bush hunters... I had never seen any Euro sexploitation films before getting this box set, even though I d heard quite a bit 
Good for little ones. My daughter loves this video. It focuses on friendship, playing together and respecting others. The stories feature both the talking animals and the talking kids. My 
worth every cent!!!. AWESOME!!!!no better Dolls film! get it NOW. see ny when it was still fun and exciting!!! see 14th street with the Academy of Music and Automat!!! see 
More relevant today than ever. When I watch this movie it s as if the writer in 1975 had a pre-cognizance of what was going to happen in 2003. Pay 
Yellow fever setten in. Wow that Shu Qi is a stone cold fox and that girl can act. No joke I love this film and this lady is so good 
Great film. This is a superb movie and one that I will use in future training for my soldiers and officers. Having done riot control on several occasions I can 
Fantastic. If you enjoy movies about the Titanic, Barbara Stanwyck, Clifton Webb, and Robert Wagner then you will like this movie. Not only do you have the drama surrounding the 
Perfect Love Story. Love story meets dark comedy. Cameron Diaz said it best in There s Something About Mary - Harold and Maude is the greatest love story of all 
Find of the week. I had absolutely no idea what I was getting into when I pulled this movie from the 5.50 bin at Wal-Mart. All I knew is it 
Racial melodrama!. This drama only can be understood with historic glasses. We are in the middle of the bloody and terrible racial conflicts and this drama tends to show the 
my idea about V - The Complete Series . not only the great dvd quality picture, but also the fine quality of its case s design makes it a great 
You don t throw away a whole life just cause he s banged up a little. This is a very delightful film that is suitable for the whole family. True 
Amazing. Vai best showman ever. This DVD is for guitar players. If you need inspiration...if you need to know what the guitar is capable of...this is the DVD for you. 
Good thing it was cheap. The Complete set was one disc. It looked like they d planned to make it more originally, based on the packaging, but no, we have 
Best Opening in Motion Picture History!!!. As far as the film goes, the finest ever. But without a doubt the opening helicopter shot is the best in any film. So 
Salsa, salsa!. I first watched this movie when I was 7 years old, with my Mom, here in Croatia. Never have I imagined I would be able to buy it 
Bulworth. I like this movie a lot.Rated R for persuive strong language and drug use.Canada:18A and 14A[DVD Rating]  
Classic must have movie. Loved it at the cinema, still loving it more than a decade later. Wonderful actors in a well written play. It s a must have in 
Great Birthday Gift. Purchased as a birthday gift for my wife. If you grew up in 80 s you will have fond memories of this movie. Not on the level 
Kubrick s eye opening final film. Bill, suppose I told you that everything that happened to you there...suppose I said that all of that was staged, that it was a 
The Living Sea Large Format 2-Disc WMVHD Edition DVD ~ Greg MacGillivray [DVD]. An excellent educational experience for the entire family  
Tito and me. I thought this was a very good movie,one of the best from Yugoslavia.It is a comedy,adventure and about Tito the Yugoslav president in the 1950 s.The story 
Cop Land. Stallone wisely took the nuanced, meaty role of Freddy as a change of pace from his usual comic book hero parts, and he is surprisingly good here. Keitel 
Don t miss this one!. For those who like eletronic music this will be an unfogettable experience.  
Nice for winding down at night. My daughter is 2 and loves the quiet tone of the Goodnight Moon, Happy Birthday Moon, and Paperboy. We usually skip the dinosaur one 
A MAZE OF NIGHTMARES. SAW is a deliciously psychotic crime thriller that keeps you guessing till the very end. The production values are high and the acting is competantly well 
Rock n Roll Film. One night, the band of teens rolls through East L.A. in search of drugs, leading to a confrontation with a Latino dealer, Hector. Intrigued by his 
Aerosmith still kicks ass!. Aerosmith is my favorite band and always will be. This is a great DVD I would tell every Aero Fan to buy. However, there are way 
Unbelievable great !!!. I remember that when movie just come to cinemas it was unfair ignored by audience. And i was one of them. I agreed to watch it only 
A Great Escape by a Great Russian Composer. Prokofiev had just escaped from the horrors of World War II the Soviet government sent him to a refuge far from the 
Surprisingly terrific film. This film stays in my mind long after I was touched by it. It is a whimsical, almost farcical trip after a sort-of bungled burgalry that becomes 
whats on the discs. 7 discsdisc 1-Episode 223 of miami MIA NYC Nonstopwith audio commentary-Episode 101 BlinkWith Audio Commentary-Episode 103 Creatures of the nightwith audio commentary-Episode 104 American Dreamersdisc 2-Episode 
Ace Ventura to the max!. I have always loved Jim Carrey and this movie was the best I ve seen in a while! It is very funny and entertaining! It 
Amazing 1080p. I bought T1 on blu-ray and got T2 also on Blu-ray as a gift. T2 is much better because the movie is newer, and special effects are more 
The Unbearable Lightness of Being dvd. Heya - very speedy delivery thanks!The dvd works fine in a portable dvd player - but for some reason, disc 1 wont play in 
She Sees What Others Can t --- And It s Really Wild!. This is Medium --- The Complete Second Season, featuring 22 episodes of this amazing NBC series with performances 
memories. It was wonderful to view this film again. It brought back memories as a child watching this on tv with my mother and sister. I m glad I made 
 :D ....ok. This movie is sooo funny. Some of the parts will seriously have you rolling. Ryan Reynolds is hilarious and a complete stud!  
16 clips of fights from movies, and they are all pretty good. I was rather surprised that I enjoyed this so much. I have seen all the fights before, except 
I love this music. ...And I have no doubt that I will enjoy the movie, as well - whenever I get around to renting it  
Required viewing!. This is a must-see for any dog owner. Because of Cesar, dogs can finally get their messages across. You dog will sigh with relief if you follow Cesar 
cant beat jim carrey. this double feature is very funny,i watch these movies alot. jim carrey is perfect for these movies  
Thanks a Lot, But No Thanks!. Personally this isn t my favorite Gene Kelly movie but it s still worth a watch. This was supposed to be a follow-up to 
Better than second one. The movie I felt is better than the first one. It will appeal more to the grown ups than the previous one did. This time you 
FORT APACHE-THE GREATEST WESTERN EVER!!. I have another review of this GREAT John Ford classic under the John Wayne-John Ford Collection ,which includes eight 8 classic Wayne-Ford motion Pictures that 
Its about the music, and not the filming itself. The film it self is interesting and not very well done to normal standards, but who said David Bowie was normal 
FIVE DAVIS LANDMARKS AND A SUPERBLY CRAFTED BIOGRAPHICAL DOCUMENTARY EXTRA DISC MAKE THIS A MUST-HAVE FOR DVIS FANS!. Warner has done it again.If it weren t just June, I d 
How on earth has this never made it to DVD?. If.... Lindsay Anderson 1969 Even if If... were famous for no other reason than being the big-screen debut of some 
Sam Cooke - the MAN!!. Wow, how nice to watch Sam Cooke s story from beginning to end. Interviews with the family adds a wealth of inside information. I never 
It s Hard to Imagine a More Thrilling Performance. Wonderful Town is not Leonard Bernstein s best score, but you wouldn t know it from this exuberant performance in the 
2 Great Movies. These movies are great! If you are a fan of the book and want to see a great movie adaptation this is the version you have been 
now officely one of my favorite movies. so sue me, I was wrong. In my first revue of Big Wars I said I did not like. well, I saw it 
Memories...... Oh, how I remember rushing home from school to be able to catch the next episode of my most favorite TV series ever. I ran home, like most of 
A pretty exhilirating, albeit predictable, thriller. In ancient times, kings would have everyone who constructed their primary defenses killed, and that was undeniably a pretty effective way of keeping anyone 
Refreshingly entertaining. I am not sure why reviewers are comparing this to spellbound. It s a completely different movie, completely different theme.This movie was great. Very inspirational and fun for 
Showtime. Lights. Camera. Aggrevation.This movie is awsome. It is one of the best buddy cop comedies I have ever seen. So if you like buddy cop movies I strongly reccomend 
A well-done mockumentary with a superb cast. Hilarious farce about a Glasgow hairdresser who comes to Los Angeles to compete in an international hairdressing competition. Done in mockumentary style, there 
This is a MUST HAVE!. I just saw Mr. Holbrook live in Mesa, AZ, in his show Mark Twain Tonight. I was spellbound!I can only imagine how good the DVD 
More Topical Than Ever!. As the final credits rolled, I couldn t help reflect on the powerful message of this fine movie, and its connection to the Abu Gharib prison 
PROVE THEM WRONG. Prove them wrong. Three short simple words punctuate this Girlfights tagline. Three words that have the effect of a boxing combination even Rocky would be proud of 
A fun Italian horror romp. Set in West Berlin, Demons is the story of several people who are given free tickets to a newly renovated theater. However, this is a 
What a Feeling!. Just watched this love-fest for the second time, and Irene Cara s performance of What A Feeling is far and away the show-stopper. If you can watch 
A Succesful Western Comedy: Chan and Wilson are one hell of a Team!. A tagline for this film is: Western Action, Eastern Flavor. Won Ton Of Adventure Indeed, Shanghai Noon 
Brit Com at its best!. Blackadder is a necessary, if not the necessary, British comedy television show to watch. Pure cunning, dry wit, and ruthless sarcasm abound in this set 
amazing!. christina aguilera is truly a versatile teen star. She can sing and dance very well. this dvd is a sure proof  
Kingdom of swing and The King . Benny has only one thing in his mind since the age of nine: Clarinet .This documentary reveals in an excelent manner in only 
Old Skool Kung Fu!!. I absolutely enjoyed this movie. I though this flick was genuinely entertaining from start to finish. I mean, not only was the kung fu simply amazing,,but 
Why are scenes cut from this dvd?????. I really enjoyed this film, but there were a few scenes that didn t make sense to me until I watched it on 
The DVD Should be Great. All the shows on the cover of the DVD are on it. Plus there is a brand new Phil of the Future episode on it 
Great Capra-corn . Capra has earned somewhat of a reputation for his sappy movies. This may be true to some extent, but that doesn t stop them from being terrific! 
Excellent DVD for every photographers. This DVD explains in details about what it takes on being a National Geographic photographer. The experience on being a National Geographic photographer is clearly 
BTTF. BACK TO THE FUTUREthis experience is as good a movie now, as it was in 1985.back to the future is a rewarding family experience that combines learning about technology 
Great Hilarity!. Jack Nicholson is hilarious as an outlaw who is rescued from the hemp necktie just in time! Due to an ordinance passed after the Civil War in this 
MI-5. If you like spy flicks, then this is one you need to see! Very well done all around! Highly recommended  
Slice Of Edwardian Life or Lives . I don t mean this to be snarky at all, but I recently decided that I wanted to watch HOWARDS END again--only to 
A wonderful story. This movie is a wonderful story..filled with a bit of action and emotions. It tells of a small girl and how she learns the difference between a 
Shimmy, Shimmy Cocoa Cocoa Pop!. Shimmy, shimmy cocoa pop! Shimmy, shimmy rock! Shimmy, shimmy cocoapop! Shimmy, shimmy rock! I met a girlfriend a triscuit! She said, atriscuit a biscuit! Ice 
An ingenious comedy with a residual sadness. Chasing Amy is an intimate look at relationships and the uncompromising effect of regret. It is extremely rare to watch a comedy that 
A GLIMPSE INTO DESERT WARFARE WITH BURTON & MASON AS OUR TOUR GUIDES. IN A NUTSHELL: A GLIMPSE INTO DESERT WARFAREFormer editor, turned up-and-coming director, Robert Wise, essentially turns an 
 A Context As Certain As The Grave ~ More Than Just A Vampire Film. `Shadow of the Vampire released in 01 is an ingenious and macabre fictional retelling of 
Broken Hearts Club Full of Meanwhiles. Is it a bad thing to see a movie and deem it good by standards different from which you would judge other movies? Let 
Stargate...Thats all I hsve to say. This series just keeps going and the amazing thing is I never tire of it. Having a chance to buy the first nine season 
How it just seems so relevant today. However, it should I guess as this is a science fiction movie. This takes place in the future as a society where everything 
Gory Hilarious Low Budget Horror Flick... First let me say I picked up this movie in one of those 10 pack DVD Horror Movie Packs for only 4.00 called Gore 
KRISTY RULES. Okay,you know this wasn t an award winning movie. I wont bore you with that and the whole plot...you can see that stuff here from the others. But 
True to the peaceful spirit of Saint Francis. I really enjoyed this movie and highly recommend it for viewing and keeping. Though it is a simple movie by today s 
Two excellent versions of this classic adventure drama. Fans of The Prisoner of Zenda continue to debate -- and even argue vehemently -- about which is better, the classic black 
All Quiet on the Western Front. Great war documentary of WWI, there is very little available that shows this period in history on the front, but this one is a 
Joan Shines in Spruced-Up Classic. Crawford fans already know that while this movie was a famous flop for Joan, it contains one of her most interesting performances. Now they can 
My husbands favourite movie. I had searched for this movie...my husbands favourite as a teenager. I found it on Amazon, for a good price and easy purchase. Thank you for 
Awesome!. This was the movie we should have had, instead of that one that was all about the game and Anubis. The writing was really spot-on! This movie had a 
A Guilty Pleasure. Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story is a comedy flick that recycles the same tired plot trod upon by so many other movies, that it s impossible to 
Not for Everyone, But Remains a Fascinating Character Study. David Cronenberg s Dead Ringers is slow moving but ultimately ends up at a disturbing and perfect ending. The movie also 
Excellent!!. This movie is a must for Horror comedy and Troma fans alike. This movie is original and very entertaining in the tradition of RIKI-OH and the TOXIC AVENGER. The 
The LAW s life as law . This is a harsh film made up of several fractured stories that eventually come all together in showing the life at the fringes 
Excellent Gift. This is an excellent gift for your favorite sports fan. I purchased this DVD for my husband. He said it was a very good movie  
Sagan s Wonderful Personal Journey into Space and Time. I remember first watching this series on Public Telivision in the early 80 s when I was in grade school. Sagan 
Hilarious!. Great show! My students love it. So goofy, yet so few words. A must have for anyone who loves comedy  
Great movie!. I thought this movie was great! Jennifer Love Hewitt is a very talented young actress, and this movie shows. All a movie could offer is offered here: a 
Reading excellence. My daughters enjoy this dvd. My 6 year old is already reading much better. She has learn to pause and stop in all the right places. I am 
Heart-warming. This film warms my heart, makes me laugh, provides some good points for teaching and sermon illustrations. I am surrounded by people who have forgotten who they are. Tinkerbell 
Excellent Series. I received C.S.I. Third season in a timely manner and excellent condition. I thank you for always be efficient about all my orders  
Better Than Expected. Vin Diesel is a Seal. He rescues and important scientist the plan goes South. Now the government wants to get the scientist s work by takinging the 
Engaging, Emotional and Addictive... I bought The Jury last May 2005 before I got to see it after much hemming and hawing. I was kind of worried how good the 
Awesome Entertainment. This movie was very entertaining. It had several messages which proved to be both interesting and helpful. It is also a powerful story which depicts how things have 
Wehomebrew. This Movie Is Written From The Same Director That Gave All Of Us The Unbelievable Movie Memento , A Cult Legend In Itself. If You Enjoyed Memento, Stop Reading 
Great movie!. This is a great movie to watch when you just want to laugh! No thinking required  
The only club she won t join... It took me a while to get around to it but I finally gave it a chance. Trailers and clips made FIGHT CLUB 
As I recall. Excellent film. The action in Schwarzenegger films is renowned. Often the writing, in the action films at least, is as well. This film ranks at the top! 
Hilary is nice, but what about Christy?. I somewhat enjoyed the flik, despite its desperate and obvious lack of a military advisor, it was cute. Hilary Duff gives a typical 
Cinematography, Acting Highlight The Dark Story. Tremendous black--and-white nighttime cinematography, and plenty of it, highlights this based on a-true life account of a 1950s murder in Kansas in which an 
It s great. Sealab 2021 is one of the funniest cartoons I ve ever watched. Narrowly edged out by Earthworm Jim. This DVD has some great episodes - Lost in 
Awesome movie. The first time I was this movie was in my health class. It is such a good movie. The story that is told in the movie is realistic 
Fistful of Dollars. Totally sweet. If you ever hear a negative review concerning this movie, it is undoubtedly a woman or a girly man afraid of guns and the use 
Even if you re not a fan of Westerns... ... you may want to give this one a go. I m amazed to realize that it s 37 years old; 
Blue Collar Comedy Tour. It was good with new material and was watched by several different guys that really liked the comedy.  
A- Number One - Entertainment. The Kingfish , Sapphire, Andy Brown, Algonquin J.Calhoun, Amos, were the main characters on certainly one of the most amusing radio, and then later television 
Worth every penny!. Great! Thankfully, the story of these talented musicians who created the Motown sound was told before they are all gone. The recent passing of Joe Hunter, keyboardist, 
A Touching and Moving Film. Another reviewer commented, did you notice that most of the people reviewing this and giving it a good review are hicks? Actually, I am probably 
... As Men Strive For Right..... . Fresh from his 1983 Oscar triumph with the film, Gandhi , director Richard Attenborough tackles the more timely topic of Apartheid in this 
A Near Perfect Human Being. Tiger Woods interviewed by the late Ed Bradley of 60 minutes shows the life of Tiger Woods, how he was raised and shows his candidness 
Friends: Season Seven - That Bagpipe episode and The Wedding are worth the price alone!. Seven Years into the show, you can tell it is starting to get worn down 
Smarmy Fun. Going in I assumed this was a film about a suave player Campbell Scott who was charm women & end up passing this skill down to his nephew. 
I see that I Heart the Huckabees is meant for a selective audience. This movie is obviously not for everyone. It s not a comedy that you just put in 
Deliciously Funny. This is too good to be true. After purchasing this based on reviews alone my partner and I sat down to watch it not knowing what was about 
awesome. i really think this is a must have for all jessica simpson fans. it shows the videos, behind the scenes for the videos, and other little news bits or 
Will be a classic for me. Based on the old tv show, Sgt. Bilko in my mind is one of my favorite movies. Steve Martin is an excellent actor and 
Superman Animated Series Volume III. This was an excellent season for the final season of this show. Tim Daly was excellent as superman voice and this season was well written. 
Renewed Confidence. This movie is for any woman who has forgotten herself. It reminds you that you have to love yourself, before you can love someone else. After watching Jacqueline 
Rarity released on DVD. Pls note that the 5 stars has been mostly given for the rarity of the issue of the material on these DVDs. Back in these early 
Great Movie. In Arthur s Baby,Arthur has another sister, D.W was bad enough and D.W thinks she is the best at the subject.In D.Ws Baby,D.W s parents are paying much 
Good Love Story. Had seen the movie on STARZ but enjoyed it so much I wanted it in my library. Good Chick flick, somewhat of a tear jerker, but good 
The Best Selection Yet, but also the same complaints. I can hardly believe some of the reviews I m reading here. It seems every one wants more Foghorn Leghorn, Speedy 
A vertigo-provoking experience with amazing editing and photography work. I disagree with the opinion of those reviewers who found the editing photography of the concert captured in this DVD to 
Great Movie!!. The whole family loved this movie. The special effects were great. If you like the Marvel comic movies you will want to see this one  
Charming Peddlers of Raunch. Dan Sonney and Dave Friedman are such a beguiling pair of hucksters that we almost allow ourselves to forget that these sweetfaced octogenarians were once America 
Magical ride. Wonderfully amusing fun. Mr. Cassel and Mr Buscemi are at their best. My whole family loved it  
Still fun!. As always the concern with shows you loved as a kid: will it be as good when you watch it as an adult? Alas, usually the answer to 
In Good Company. I loved this movie. The acting was great and the their interactions throughout the movie interesting. Its amazing how some movies just don t have the ability 
 Face it honey, you can t be a tomboy all your life. . While the average movie watcher may not recognize the name Betsy Russell Private School, Cheerleader Camp 
Great show. I was not aware that this show existed until this DVD became available, I purchased this DVD set, based on the main actor Bruce Campbell, and was pleasently 
Nice date night movie!. Add one part love story and one part baseball sports flick and you have a great date night movie! This is a wonderful movie to watch. 
Not Mel s Best---but right up there. Seeing the films Mel Brooks has directed in recent years, it is hard to understand where he lost his muse. His early works 
Enchanted. This is a great family movie, a fresh take on enchantment stories. It s rather in the style of E. Nesbit s books, using contemporary references. I find it 
The only word to describe it: Great!. The great thing about the Learn to Salsa Dance DVDs is that they re consistent. The instructors, the close ups, the teaching style, 
 The Best Of Match Game DVD. I just opened my DVD set for Match Game yesterday, and was very satisfied with what I ve seen so far. Since GSN 
Gotta love Kate. Yeah, there s something about us old stick-in-the-mud conservatives. We like the spitfire progressives like Kate Hepburn and co-writer Ruth Gordon, and they like us. There s 
a must for Pretender fans; great series. wonderful series with awful finale that resolved nothing -- smooth transactio  
Funny and hopefully thought provoking to LDS. Very funny slapstic story around two opposite end spectum LDS Home teachers. The message of the film is to find the realistic happy 
Heartwarming family classic. This is a heartwarming family classic favorite with a plus! We love the multi-cultural aspect of the film; makes it more interesting visually. The costumes and set 
tear jerker. if you watched terms of endearment and enjoyed it this is a must see...funny, quirky, sad, nostalgia and happiness all rolled into one great movie. have a few 
It s supposed to be funny - and it is!. Being Scottish, maybe I m biased but this is a brilliant, laugh out loud funny , film. I looked at 
it was my birthday gift. i am the recipient of this dvd as a birthday gift from the previous reviewer. it was ablast seeing quite a few of those videos 
A rare blockbuster: it holds up. I remember I must ve watched Men in Black at least 4 times during its theatrical run. I just really really liked it, then 
Charlie delivers in full HD glory. This movie looks simply amazing! The color, texture and detail provided by HD-DVD are superb, this is a showcase title for the format. First 
Great movie. I used to watch this movie when I was little and it will great to be able to share this with my children  
Essential Robert Johnson Techniques. As always, Rory Block s teaching is clear and easy to follow. This Level 3 lesson is concerned with teaching riffs and slide techniques in open 
Great movie!. someone reviewed this movie and said that it didn t flow well. Well I disagree. This movie is about life in a small town which is different from 
Best Movie Ever. This movie was made back in the 80 s but the special effects continue to leave me mystified. The cinematography is spectacular and is only second to 
Beautifully filmed, well-acted, and thought-provoking. Water is a beautifully filmed, well-acted, thought-provoking film. Aside from a couple of scenes seemingly in homage to Bollywood, it will move you deeply.It took 
Sandra before she was famous. Tate Donovan and Sandra Bullock do a good job. They have good chemistry. Fans of Sandra Bullock will probably want to see this early example 
Heartbreaking and Joyful Film Intertwines Past and Present. This film reveals the complex mother-daughter relationships of four Chinese families whose roots from the past intertwine within the present causing conflicts 
fun and heartwarming. The chemistry between all the characters is great to watch. Hugh Jackman is definitely easy on the eyes and Greg Kinnear plays a great bad guy. Ashley 
I could watch this over and over again!. Whether you re Greek - or whatever - just about anyone can relate to Toula s life. After having deemed herself hopeless 
Excellant. The Music In This Movie Is AwesomeRalp Macchio Did An Excellant Job If You Love Blues Music This Movie Is For yo  
These Women Rock!. This film is a classic!!The writing, the acting, the direction are all superb!And of course the fashion show seen is one of the best in any movie 
A Great Anime. I purchased the Escaflowne Movie Ultimate Edition , three years ago. The first-edition packaging of this set included a relatively large, and sturdy 6 x 8 x 
The Movie and the DVD. One could review Kingdom of Heaven on a lot of levels ... as an action packed medieval adventure romance ... as a vehicle for some 
Not for computers. I ve noticed that reviews that complain about defective DVDs usually get inundated with negative responses. Since nearly every word out of my keyboard gets that, I 
Help us God! Justice has gone berserk!. Al Pacino is perfect for this deranged film about American justice, or rather justice in the United States of America. From the very 
fun and classy. This movie has class and is true entertainment. A romantic story which has one of hollywoods most beautiful legends, Grace Kelly. Grace and Bing remind of the 
An engaging two hour documentary exploring one of America s darkest periods. Produced and directed by Chip Richie, The Trail Of Tears: Cherokee Legacy is an engaging two hour documentary 
much better than north and south as story of civil war. this is one of the finest miniseries about the civilwar,much better than the john jakes miniseries about the same 
Ridley Stone Penn = serious rock n roll. U Turn Oliver Stone, 1997 I m a big fan of Stray Dogs, the John Ridley novel upon which U-Turn is based, 
 ...Was my Peter-son brave...? . Great John Wayne movie! I first saw this movie as a kid in the late 60 s and I ve seen it countless times 
Garfield, Then and Now. The cover of this DVD shows the 1998 Garfield gazing in the mirror at his early 1978 self, the subject of these three specials. In 1980, 
I Punch-Drunk Love It. While I m not a huge fan of Paul Thomas Anderson I do enjoy this film very much for more cinematic purposes and from the perspective 
Somehow innovation is boring?. Call me crazy but I find the formulaic films supposedly enlivened with new plot twists and bigger explosions boring. I mean how many ways can you 
Great Opera. Very Good interpretation This is the comment I have been receiving from those who saw this Opera, live.The DVD is not different.As far as I am concerned it 
CARREY S BEST! FUNNY AND INSIGHTFUL!. Bruce Almighty is, without a doubt, Jim Carrey s best film to date! As Bruce Nolan, Carrey delivers yet another brilliantly-wacky performance, while also 
 In the second it takes you to kill her, I will have all the time I need to kill you. . Based on a story written by star Jet 
Pure fun. Watching this film is pure fun. John Carpenter managed to combine some movie genres successfully into a non-stop action movie. Kurt Russell stars as truck driver Jack Burton 
2 Best War Movies: Is Paris Burning and the Longest Day. I just got the DVD last Friday, I can t believe last time I saw this movie was almost 
second only to seven samurai. the hidden fortress is often relagated to a place behind other more popular works of kurosawa like yojimbo, sanjuro, ran etc. but imo this movie 
The only release from Britney you need. ....which might not be saying a lot, if you ve never liked Britney Spears or the pre-packaged pop she became known for. But 
Flawless. The gameplay, graphics, and ease of use are seamless with the original. Campaign mode is much improved, providing a new system of victory based conquest and hero advancement. Very 
Excellent Product Condition. As promised, this product was sent brand new and arrived quicker than expected. My brother loves soccer and thoroughly enjoyed this as a present for Christmas  
An Outstanding Psychological Thriller. Insomnia is more an intense psychological study than it is a police procedural, although the movie is ostensibly about a murder. A Swedish cop, Jonas Engstrom 
A Great Super Carttoon series of all time!. Rocky and bullwinkle is without a doubt one of the best cartoons of all time. There are 2 of the very first 
A musical journey through Brazil. This is a very fine trip through a variety of music styles starting with a native indian village in the north of Brasil, through the 
Can t go wrong with Larry David!. If you haven t yet experienced Curb Your Enthusiasm, do check it out! You will laugh your ass off  
Tadpole says a lot about the Blue States. I finally got to view Tadpole---a few days after the most recent presidential election. The film has nothing directly to do with 
London Falling. If there s any consolation to some of punk s inspirational touchstones like Pete Townshend, The Stooges, and The MC5 being usurped by the Year Zero brigade, it 
Best Auto Racing Movie - - Ever. Bought the CD after having the video for years. This is a great movie if you are a racing fan. Steve McQueen spent 
Good relationship movie. I really enjoyed this movie if only for Joan Allen s portrayal of a bitter blooming-alcoholic living in the burbs with 4 beautiful daughters around 15 to 
pretear complete collections. i never heared this anime before but when i bought it just to being curios its end up that it was very very goood anime .....i do 
others are exagerating.... I normally do not review DVD s purchased, but I couldn t resist on for Max & Ruby s Easter....I read the other reviews that characterized this 
Not their fault... It s not their fault if you didn t take the time to figure out what you were getting. What type of fool would just go out 
Another Collectable. I have every DVD version of Das Boot. I have even watched it with the Audio in German and English subtitles, it never fails to shock me. Together 
Guile and Cunning... The Man Who Never Was is a nicely-done movie dramatization derived from the book of the same name by former British Intelligence Officer Ewan Montagu. Montagu played 
Gojira: symbol of the atomic bomb. There are plenty of reviews already about the issuing of the original Godzilla in this excellent two DVD set from Sony. I will only 
Enjoyable on many levels... The King is a movie that unwinds effortlessly before your eyes, gliding like a river through the depths of a Corpus Christi summer. An entrancing palette 
 Soooorry... . `Eye for an Eye works as an effective thriller, chilling your bones and raising your blood pressure all the while serving up a smart and interesting plot. 
One Six Right. In one word AWESOME! the package arrived in no time and in excellent condition. Thanx so much  
A film that mirrors the best and worst of human beings in modern society and in this sense stretches far beyond autism. Rain Man is a classic film with global 
Bringd Back The Past!!. Originally saw this film in a major theater during my youthful years and compared that memory with the present viewing of the DVD. Found the DVD 
Wannabes. I only watched this because Joseph D onofrio is in it,this movie is totall genious though  
Happy with the service. I haven t had a chance to watch the DVD yet, because I was waiting to get a new TV, but I am sure I will 
Hoosiers 2 disc. The dvd came quickly, in time for a special Father s Day gift, packaged safely  
Thunderbirds in Brazil. Minha infancia e ate mesmo minha carreira foi influenciada por esta serie: 5...4...3...2...1..THUNDERBIRDS. Tenho hoje 42 anos, moro em Belo Horizonte e me lembro com muita nostalgia 
Shogun. It was an excellent TV movie which is why I was so pleased to find that it finally was release on DVD.The movie itself was well done with sensitivity 
Buon giorno, Papa!. I just watched this movie for the first time in many years, and was just as captivated by it now as I was when I first saw 
Delightful. The title Frivolous Lola, doesn t do the movie justice. This movie is sweet and erotic. Tinto Brass knows his stuff.  
DJ Tiesto shows that he is ONE MAN SHOW with no doubt in this DVD. DJ Tiesto shows his fine art visually and gives a BEAUTIFUL JOURNEY to go onto 
Very touching movie. I had viewed this movie on tv a while ago. I am a Hospice nurse and found this movie so down to earth and informative about what 
Greats !!!!. I can say GOOD terror movie !!! U keep in suspense until the end . Buy this movie  
Are We There Yet? .... Having had my Playstation Portable for, almost, a month now; I thought I d get around to getting a movie to watch on it just 
top xmas film. a really great feel good christmas movie, its funny and charming with two brilliant child actors a definate must for kids but good for adults as wel 
I saw this concert, the DVD is like another ticket !. I went to Cleveland, OH to attend this concert. I was incredible and this live DVD is a good 
Should We Mess With Movies?. Ever since the colorizing debate of a generation ago, this question has been asked over and over again.And we ve finally settled it, I hope. 
A True Blockbuster. I d originally seen the UK version, and loved it . . . but I d avoided the US version because I thought it would be light 
Lovely Lady. We ll probably never know if she was a nazi collaborator or just an artist who was in the wrong place at the wrong time. All that I 
Still Quirky and Funny Black Comedy Tells the Ultimate Opposites-Attracts Love Story. This 1971 black comedy is still a stitch, even if it doesn t feel as audacious as I 
Great Actors, Great Performances, Good Story = Fine Film. Though I can only imagine how terrifying the real San Francisco earthquake must have been, this certainly seems like a great 
Painted a picture for me... Having Asperger s Syndrome, I was having trouble picturing what is in the book, so when I watched the movie I finally had an idea 
Tonight on Cop Drama, they are going to say....... #! . Season 5 had many infamous episodes like when Kenny dies and stays dead for a whole season , saying 
 TOGA! TOGA! TOGA! . It s the undisputed heavyweight champ of frat-boy movies. Many erstwhile pretenders to the throne have come and gone Porky s, Screwballs, Revenge of the 
Great DVD! Worth the money. This is a great print of the film and chock-full of terrific DVD extras -- a featurette about director Robert Stevenson and star Orson Welles, 
Odds are we won t leave this island alive. It would be nearly impossible to trump the first Jurassic Park film. People were blown away by that movie. The technology 
This was one of the one s that inspired me to start breakdancing!. You can read about this movie on all the other reviews. I have nothing to add! I 
Red Rock West: every turn a re-turn. The film opens on shot of a long, empty stretch of highway, rising and falling ever so gently towards the horizon; then a 
Love this Workout!. Denise definitely targets ALL of your female fat zones from your butt, thighs, front and back arms, love handles, upper tummy and lower tummy. If you use 
Doctor Who - The Robots of Death. DVD in good condition. Was good value  
Perfect Conclusion to the Trilogy of Great Journeys:. I believe that Kubrick s swansong is a great masterpiece, it is one of my favorite films and has been since I 
Horror Classics Collection: 50 Movie Pack. I also agree with other reviews about thease 50 movie packs.You can t beat their price.I have not seen some of thease movies in 
Well made, even courageous, adaptation of Shakespeare s most controversial play. A courageous adaptation of Shakespeare s most controversial play. The film contains an introduction stating that Jews lived in 
All The King s Men. Sometimes the remake is better than the original, in this case the original is far better than the remake.  
A seductive series. I learned of this Canadian series from a friend, who sent me season #1 to watch as I recuperated from surgery. Promptly, I ordered season #2.The clever, 
Perry does it again!!!. Even if you don t like plays, your tummy will hurt after watching this one. Perry combines humor rolled in with common sense and good messages 
Oliver Stone s Best FIlm... Oliver Stone is one of my favorite Hollywood filmmakers, and I have enjoyed many of his movies over time. While I haven t seen a 
Spooky Movie. If by chance you believe in Heaven and Hell, this movie is spooky! Especially if you watch it by yourself  
Great for Fibromyalgia Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Sufferers. I am extremely weak and achy due to chronic illness. While I can t yet do the entire video, I have found that 
There s a little Bickle in all of us!. Regarded as a cinematic masterpiece, `Taxi Driver is one of those films that sticks with you long after your done watching. 
A good movie. Robert Duvall plays Earl Pilcher, a souther white man who finds out his mother is black. James Earl Jones plays his black brother. This movie is about 
One of the best shows ever made. I was skeptical about this series when a friend handed it off to me. I thought, Oh goody, another wandering samurai series. That 
What A Blessing To The Body!. I know I have a very busy life. But how in the world I was SOOOO busy that I completely missed in 2002 The 
Absolutely Love the Girls. I love these mysteries - it is nice to have some strong & knowledgable female charactors. the interaction between the 2 main charactors is wonderful. The 
Haunting thriller: the second masterpiece of Alejandro Amenabar!. Where does the fantasy begin and where does it finishes? Labyrinths of the reason intersect with the game of open possibilities in 
AN INTRODUCTION TO THE LIBRARY. Hot off the success of the HOME ALONE movies, Macaulay Culkin is cast as a friendless reclusive little boy who wanders into a strange library 
Finally on DVD!. I ve been waiting for this trashy, 80 s horror cult sequel for some time. What can I say about Howling II - Your Sister Is a 
5 stars for genius of idea, 2 stars for implementation problems. Most people in these reviews and everywhere else bash this film on a level that should be reserved for 
Incredible. I have very fond memories of watching this show as a kid so I recently figured I d buy the DVD for the sake of nostalgia. This show is 
One of the best!. Jurassic Park is on my list of the best movies to never recieve a Best Picture nod at the oscars. Now, some of you may not 
Excellent. I really enjoyed this film. It gives you an insight to the time period. I liked how they described in detail how WW1 was start and how truely rediculous 
One of the best cold war thrillers. What a superb cold-war action flick. It has an all-star cast, all male, and many who became stars later. Sean Connery is Captain 
One of the Best Movies of the 1990 s. It is a tragedy that Brandon Lee died while making this film. Had he lived, the Crow sequels would have been 
Classic. This movie is one of the better quality movies from the 60 s. With very little special effects the story line is great. The warning of what faces the 
Great. A great DVD of a great singer. A must to every real fan around the world , especially the part with Carlos Santana and Jose Feliciano - 3 great 
Music doesn t get better than this. This is by far my favorite presentation of Shania s incredible music--she s live, she s alive, and she keeps that audience of 
glad to see the changes. the muscles from brussels is unstoppable. the film stories are not cliche and in this one he isnt kicking butt by himself, he actually has 
Bend It Like Beckham. I am really glad I bought this movie. I had the VHS but the quality is much better with the DVD especially w widescreen  
I d recommend Endless Harmony and Smile instead. AMERICAN BANDSimply because I ve seen An American Band and think its a bad way-in to the Beach Boys simply because their 
I say nay nay if you buy, I m Starving . I say Nay Nay and I m Starving have too much of the same bits. If you buy one 
Nostalgic. This volume was just fun to watch,if you are a big Lost in Space fan and you watched seasons 1&2 and wanted to see some storylines involving other members 
Awsome!. Even that I am not a core fan of anime, I could appreciate thebeauty and history of this series. The end is coming near, don t missthis 4 chapters 
A suprising delight. We rented this movie and watched it a dozen times with my kids ages 4-6 . We kept it well past the return date and now we 
The absence of vices doesn t add anything to virtue!. In 1692, in Massachusetts, just fifty years after of the horrid incident of Loudun go for the lucid essay of 
Wow. This is a powerful and moving documentary about a college student who served as a Big Brother to a troubled youth, then returned years later to make a film 
Possibly the best in the Classic Albums series. For me, Roger Waters explanations of the themes behind the album are the highlight here. He seems to think deeply about life, 
Vivien is remarkable. She is clearly one of the best actresses of all time.The movie itself was not that great, but Vivien Leigh manages to bring some life into it. 
Love on the rocks. Without putting the adaptation into historical context, because I haven t researched the movie s history or the play itself , I have to say A 
good additions to the movie. I do like the two versions of the movie box, and Fezik s map was neat. I liked how they intergrated the booklet and the 
Excellent movie. A great movie for action vampire film lovers especially. But it is a great movie for for non-genre film lovers also. Good script, action-packed, fast paced, excellent casting, 
A De-Lovely Surprise--A Look At Two Contemporary Musical Biographies. The musical biography is always a hit-or-miss genre for me. These pictures can be effective, but oftentimes lack dramatic heft as 
A must have!!. Lots of anime try to mix action and comedy but few succeed like Full Metal Panic. It keeps you entertained with the intense action sequences and keeps 
You wet socks, why are you crying? you should pull yourselves up.. It is one of the best movies I have ever watched. Amazingly funny sometimes,sometimes deeply heart breaking, just 
Exceptional Adaptation of Elmore Leonard Book. Out of Sight is not Elmore Leonard s best book, but it is definitely the best movie based on one of his works. The 
Robson s film gives us the necessary thrills to be pleased... Sinatra is a cool American, whose P-38 is shot down over Italy in August 1943... The Allies were landing 
Entertaining and well acted romantic comedy that lets you root for the normal guy. Hollywood occasionally produces a underrated, sweet, and genuinely fun romantic comedy that flies beneath everyone s 
Loved My Big Fat Greek Wedding. This movie pictured a sizable segment of the U.S. population that has not gotten much attention in the movies - the high involvement Mediterranean 
Surprised me. I really only got it because Jennifer Tilley and Gina Gershon have a hot lesbian sex scene and I wanted to see them naked, but I actually started 
Spectacularly Violent. If you like shoot-outs this movie is for you it is not for the faint of heart. It is violent and the language is rough.The good guyes take 
Few letters, but teaches them well. This video does only teach a few letters P, R, T, O, E , but it teaches them incredibly well. My daughter 3 yrs 
One of the best Noir. I ve seen this twice and amongst noir films, it really stands out as one of the best. It contains a wonderful performance by Claire 
Brilliantly Nuanced Story. Unfaithful, like a well-written psychologically acute novel, mines emotionally intense moments of meaning from the characters actions and sparse words. Richard Gere and Diane Lane s performances 
What?????. This was such an awesome movie.Remove everything you ever knew about the Once upon a time in china series from your head, except for Jet Li playing the serious 
Probably the Barber of Seville video to get. This Il Barbiere di Siviglia from Madrid isn t perfect, but I think overall it s the best choice available on video. 
Surprisingly funny. I ve never read the comic strip, so I have to admit there were no high standards set for me to watch this as a viewer. I found 
Ben is still a 10. Both of my kids love it. We have watched this one over and over. Some of the commentaries are really interesting. We just wish we 
Thank goodness!! Widescreen as it Deserves... A classic!Sort of akin to the Wild Bunch in WWII in a Medieval Castle, this is an action film with tremendous performances, from the 
A Dark, Provocative Film. Based on the novel LOADED by Christos Tsiolkas, HEAD ON, directed by Ana Kokkinos, is a dark, provocative film about a young man s Ari played 
Darkness lightened by craft and love. The unsurpassed Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer has it all -- innocence and menace, a coming-of age story, a riveting plot, terrific voicing and immortal 
Frank Frazetta: The Man, The Myth & The Art. I recently received a present of the Ralph Bakshi animated film FIRE & ICE and was was shocked to see the 
REAL Working 3D! This is the version to buy!!. The movie is fun to watch but there are multiple versions, this one works and suits most people, a Sensio version 
Cool Movie. I was worried about not liking this movie. I d read a lot of Reviews that said it was weird or boring. But I love Joe Strummer so 
A beautiful piece of cinematographic work. From Hell is meticulously produced and has some of the best cinematography I ve ever seen in a horror movie.Although the story about who 
It s about the Men. The Frogmen maintained its focus on the men. It capture the attitude and the temper of the times. The action scenes tho dated by the 
i apologize for giving this 1 star. The first time i watched this flick i thought it was sorry and gave it 1 star but after seeing all the good 
If you dont like Red Dwarf season 3, your a smeg headed goit. Red Dwarf is a great comedy series that is a toss up between a sci fi comedy, 
Worth the low price for Four Men and a Dog, Devana and Border Collies. I really liked the last three groups, Border Collies for its wonderfully Irish folk music, Devana 
 Double or nothing... . Omar Epps and Sanaa Lathan shine in this film about two young lovers drawn together by their love of the game. Monica Lathan is a 
Excelent !. U2 is a band that really will always have something to give to their audience on their shows, although their latest couple of album recordings couldn t match 
One Nike gym bag. Wow, what a movie. Running Scared is not to be confused with the 80 s movie by the same title starring Gregory Hines and Billy Crystal. 
Very Funny. We bought this for an elderly relative who cannot hear. It has become a great bonding experience with how funny this DVD is. She doesn t even need 
Hard to resist due to good performances... I m not a big fan of Tom or Demi, and Jack even wears out his welcome in some films, but not here. 
Solid Fitness Training and Fat Burning. This hour-long workout delivers on its promise to promote weight loss. Kathy teaches cardio training segments of progressively-challenging, mixed-impact routines after a great warm-up, 
Not likely to help much in solving the problems. The film is a wonderful snapshot of the decline and fall of an American town. The scenes of parties for Flint 
The best!!!!!!. The best Johnny Thunders video out there! Hes in top form here! The great sound quality makes up for the lack of video quality a bit fuzzy and 
Summer Stock. Fun and Delighful! Judy and Gene shine as entertainers. This one has some GREAT dance moves. Also filled with some wonderful character actors including Phil Silvers and Marjorie 
An outstanding collection!!!. This dvd set was absolutely wonderful. I haven t seen these episodes in years...at least since TV Land last replayed them. I fell in love with this 
I Love this video!!. I have never done Yoga in my life. I had considered on a couple occasions joining a Yoga class, but decided I would rather learn a 
When Seattle meets New York. Sleepless in Seattle is such a cute and adorable romantic comedy. I can watch this movie over and over again and never get sick of 
Finally a DVD Release!!!!. I saw this about two years ago on cable and I was very pleased about it. I really enjoyed it, despite missing the first 20 Minutes. 
Very well, thoughtfully put together instruction dvd. Really enjoy this dvd and workout to it regularly. You could tell that Sarah took a great deal of time to put this 
The Real Metallica. The first part of this superb documentary takes you through the creation of the album that changed metal music forever. Excellent studio footage, as well as no 
Great advanced workout. After working out consistenty since last May, it s been difficult for me to find a workout that s challenging AND fun. That is until I found 
Not the real Hercules. I know that this movie is a great hit and all that blabber, but they took too much away from the real myth of hercules. In 
No Wasted Motion. This is a great movie. Unlike most comedies I see today, EVERYTHING in this movie is meant for a laugh. No part is meant for anything else. 
Classic. Its setting and subject matter were somewhat grim to put it mildly, but that didn t stop Trainspotting from becoming one of the top movies of the nineties, and 
A must for fans of Italian horror. Terror at the opera was the first Dario Argento film I ve ever seen back in 2001 and it was terrific, it has 
Two of My Favorite Movies. This movie is two of my favorites: The Sin of Harold Diddlebock 1947 89 minutes and Mad Wednesday 1950 76 minutes.The movie was re-released under 
I enjoyed the deadly spy team of Boris...and Doris. True Lies is a great movie. It has frenetic action sequences, sarcastic sidekick humor, funny domestic Ozzie & Harriet scenes, and 
requiem. I just watched this movie last night. I came across the title on someone s MySpace and being a Jared Leto fan I wanted to watch it. I had 
Wonderful Rita Hayworth And Some Great Kern Gershwin Songs. This Columbia musical may be something of an artifact now, but it was designed to showcase Rita Hayworth. It does it 
The biggest Crocodile to ever to walk the planet. I thought this guy was an enormus Crocodile I have ever seen. This movie said to me I am never going 
GOOD WORKOUT. I love this DVD. I bought it because my usual aerobics were not doing the job anymore... and with Tamilee Webb I am more challenged than ever. I 
Glorious is just that. While Glorious is not quite as polished as Izzard s more famous work, Dressed to Kill, it is in some ways better. If you have seen 
Good, but predictable. Once you get over the fact that Heist is going to be a movie easy to figure out, you can let the healing begin and enjoy this 
 Just put a pin in it, will ya? . I cannot speak highly enough of this short-lived and sadly so television series. It ranges from extremely funny, poignantly emotional, 
AN ALL ENTERTAINING FILM. AN EXCELLENT MOVIE THAT COMBINES GREAT COMEDY AND PERFORMANCE FROM BOTH,MARTIN LAWRENCE & TIM ROBBINS.IT IS THE KIND OF MOVIE THAT YOU CAN VIEW OVER & 
A neglected and wonderful western treasure. THE BALLAD OF CABLE HOGUE 1970, Warners is one of four titles in SAM PECKINPAH S THE LEGENDARY WESTERNS COLLECTION. All four titles go 
Fathers And Sons. A book discussion group I participate in read Chaim Potok s THE CHOSEN a few months back. Since the majority of the group were non-Jews themselves, most 
Painful, Real and Touching. The casting was perfect and the real emotion of the stars and readers seemed genuine. There is no greater history lesson on the birth of a 
Little Red Riding Hood is the masterpiece of this collection. It has the greatest amount of poignancy and depth of characterization and visually it is the most impressive. Hansel and 
a time capsule to the 60s. I initially got this DVD collection, because of my interest in Swedish culture and language. I knew that in the 1960s this film was 
Great disc. I loved this disc. The quality of the video is amazing on disc...much better than what you get to see on television. I liked the coverage of the 
 I feel like I ve been handed a new life. . What makes `The Talented Mr. Ripley stand apart from most other thrillers is that it s ultimately an 
I am a card carrying member of the NRA but. I really liked and enjoyed this movie. The acting was excellent and the plot twists and action kept my attention. 
Evil at a Garden Tea Party. What evil lurks beyond the well-trimmed hedges of Midsomer? asks the DVD jacket. That s the underlying tension, isn t it? All these well-dressed 
THE ULTIMATE KYLIE ANTHOLOGY. A fairly complete history of Kylie Ann s career. This DVD covers EVERY VIDEO that matters from her origin as an artist; the SAW years Stock, 
The First Season Was Great. The Adventures of Spin and Marty title refers to the first season 1955-56 of the show; the second and third seasons were given a modified 
Finally a program I can actually do!. Just got the new DVD in and I love it. I got into a workout rut, got bored and haven t done anything 
What more could you want??. We start off with ace fighter pilot Topper Harley Charlie Sheen who originally got kicked out of the NAVY but is returning to help them 
One of Woody Allen s Funniest!. The first film Woody Allen did as the star, writer, & director is a small masterpiece from the man that is not only hilarious 
The Next Installment!. More Garfield And Friends!After viewing Vol 1, I remember just how much I missed these Cartoons on Saturday Morning! I don t know the Cartoon List, but 
Water Crystals is... Rather short, but very interesting. Good video, good for little kids and big kids...had hoped there would be more scientific stuff in it, but it seems an 
I Remember Sea of Love. I ve watched it many times and never get tired of it. Sea of Love is one of few films where Al Pacino is very 
Boys In Da Hood. A great movie with a very young Sean Penn. I totally recommend this movie if you like urban social dramas. It is great story about rivals 
Somber, elegiac... Enjoyed this very much. Again, this is one of those films that won t work for you if you ve only grown up on typical Hollywood fair. This 
Fun Movie. Pay attention to details because if you do they will repeat later in the movie. It was really a fun movie. It was more involved that some other 
WOW - Believe the HYPE. I was skeptical at first. SeeMoreBuds is my 3rd grow dvd. The first 2 were LAME most grow DVD s are BAD . SeeMoreBuds is 
I Cant Stop Watching It!!. I Forgot The First Episode Its Been So Long! But I Love This Tv Show. Plus She Always Has The Hotties On Her Show. Aaron 
CSI Miami reaches a high point with Season 3: Sun, Glamour, and Overacting Galore!. CSI:Miami, having evolved with difficulty over the first two seasons, reaches its high point in Season 
A BEAUTIFUL AND SENSITIVE FILM. I agree 100 with the previous reviewer. Here I found myself, on Super Bowl Sunday, watching this beautiful film for the upteenth time, where as 
Absolutely wonderful!. My son starting potty training early. By the time he turned 2 we were completely done even at night. The video was helpful because the children are young 
A great, if overlong epic drama. Even in it s original 3 hour running time, the film still felt a bit too hefty. Like in a lot of cases of 
Beautiful Music and Cinematography. I LOVED this film! If you want to learn about the sea, see it s breathtaking wonders and bathe in wonderous music composed by Sting, The 
Film classic. Although this version is restored and digitally remastered, the color restoration is not as good as some other films such as My Fair Lady and The King and 
FABULOUS!. I just started this workout, but once I began to get the moves down second viewing was much smoother than the first I really started feeling the burn. Its 
A Fun Aerobic Workout. I originally bought the Masala Bhangra Workout to learn some Bhangra moves. I was pleasantly surprised to find that it did provide a good aerobic workout 
If not the greatest, then the most original thriller ever put on film. Memento eclipses everything which preceded it, and set the bar so high it may never be topped. 
One of the best movies ever made. What a feast. This is one of the best made and directed movies ever  
Pleased with Gift. This item was a gift for my father. He was very pleased with the quick shipment and just loves the movie! Thank you  
A Must Have for those who loved the film, Les Choristes!. For those of you who loved Christophe Barratier s inspirational French Film, Les Choristes for this its music, this 
Odds are we won t leave this island alive. It would be nearly impossible to trump the first Jurassic Park film. People were blown away by that movie. The technology 
Much better than I expected. This updated film Noir style thriller set in a hot dusty small town in Texas is helped by steamy performances by Don Johnson and Virginia 
Steele great after all these years. There should be separate star ratings for dvds--one rating for the show itself and one for the dvd special features. I can t bear 
punky reggae party!. The Bad Brains are to me the MOST crucial and hardest of ANY punk-hardcore bands as they did transcend those genres of rock n roll and their 
Hugh Grant does his own singing hitting all the right notes!!!. There is something far more than meets the eye in this surprisingly delightful comedy romance MUSIC AND LYRICS. The 
Entertaining And Fun: Especially For The Kids!. When I first viewed Jurassic Park in a theatre on Wilshire Blvd in Los Angeles, I actually walked out. It wasn t so 
The Best Yet. The third season of Curb Your Enthusiasm is the best yet. I don t know how one goes up from 5 stars, but somehow they managed to 
An intelligent, witty, camp film. Some dismiss this movie as a chick flick. I frankly don t see it. My anti-chick flick sensors didn t activate once during multiple viewings 
Fabulous Bizet movie in english!. Wonderful way to hear Bizet s music and see the USA in the 40 s. And the actors are surperb  
Great DVD. A real classic in the comedy genre. I continue to quote lines from the movie. I came for your daughter, Chuck . Kids, you know I love em 
A Real Horror Movie. Henry - Portrait of a Serial Killer is disturbing because it seems so real. In fact the film is somewhat based on the life of real 
The Triumph of Will Ferrell . Will Ferrell and crew are really firing on all cylinders here. Anchorman was funny in bursts and spurts, same for Old School, but this 
A Masterpiece. If you have not seen it before, you should. It is among the best five movies of Brando where Brando offers a fine and nobel performance. I strongly 
GREAT. GOOD Story, emotional ride with the wife have to say a robin wiliams great! a must see, however i ended up trading it in  
Is Chong an auteur?. This film, on the surface, seems like a complete mess. It s completely plotless, and feels almost European in its pacing honestly . I m thinking 
Why Is This Happening To Me?. In keeping with my usual habit of discovering thinks backwards I have managed to view the second Eye film before the first, but I 
Thank God It s Friday!. Friday After Next has shattered the myth that all sequels are doomed to be worse than their predecessors. While I hope this is the last 
;0 . OH HOW I WISH THIS WAS HOW IT IS maybe then some men would be more caring through the whole 9 months i sound a little bitter i 
Arguably the best of the series.... I picked this one up as I heard that it s the best movie in the series, as well as one of Jet Li 
Great Show, Even Better Extras. It can t top the first season but It s definatly a great season and the widescreen view is awesome. The extras are much better 
SSSSSmokin guitars and a great band... Hey, I m an old guitar player 61 and I really enjoyed both Carlton and Lukather jammin their hearts out. I can see that 
Gumball Rally Simply Rocks. Gumball rally represents what all street car race movies should aspire too. Witty, fun, great set of characters, real sports cars, and lots of laughter. Simply 
Dangerous Liasons was never this cool. This modern day addaptation of Dangerous Liasons took us to another level with the heartless, calculated antics of teenagers. While this was panned by 
Honor among thieves. In what may be his best performance, Daniel Day Lewis portrays a young Belfast thief whose juvenile antics land him on the wrong side of the law, 
Love the music and the storyline. I ve been a fan of this version of the movie for years. I love the theme music, and the storyline. George Pappard is 
Worthwhile = . I am a person who mostly avoids mainstream movies due to violence & Hollywood messages that don t match up with my values. With that said, I 
A Fantastic Series. Moonlighting is one of the greatest series to ever grace television. Bruce Willis and Cybill Shepherd have a chemistry that just makes the episodes work. The scripts 
PAY ME. IF A COMPANY WANTS ME TO WRITE A REVIEW IN ORDER TO INCREASE THEIR SALES, THEY SHOULD PAY ME  
 In DVD format thorough workout and great for those with bad knees. Let me preface this review by stating that if I had to do this 90-minute workout in 
80 s Flashback. I remember watching this movie on cable and on T.V., I was too broke to go to the movies back then and I was only thirteen at 
A Sad Look at a Great Sport. This film made in 1978 is a behind the scenes look at the world of professional football that remains sadly pertinent to the 
Could anyone be cooler than Chow Yun-Fat? NO!. When i first saw this movie about 5 years ago i was in a stunned awe. No way could i have waited 
The Loves of Carmen 1948. Rita Heyworth 1918-1987 & Glenn Ford 1916-2006 a superb pair in a marvelous story . The movie are full of temprament and passion , nobody 
Great Entertainment....NOT a Documentary. As I said, this is entertaining, and that is all it was intended to be. If you want complete accuracy, this isn t the movie for 
Be funny. Great movie, although it is very similar to get shorty I liked this one better, just because Uma Thurman rock  
Jigsaw s back. that s right he s back and with even bigger and badder traps. saw 2 is awesome. I can t say more than just you have to 
Perfect Platinum Edition and worth collecting to all Bambi fans!. When I first saw the cover of this special edition, I anticipated that it would be the best ever. When 
Joe Mazzello is the Genius of this Film. I own this film and have seen it 3 times. So WHY, after a plethora of reviewers, do I now write a 
Creepy but fun. Rose Red, as are all of Steven King s stories, was spooky. But many parts were just too much to believe. I enjoyed the movie, but think 
Burton is Shakespear s Hamlet. In 1964 I was in New York and saw this performance. Unfortunately at that time I was more interested in seeing Richard Burton than Hamlet.I 
A mesmerizing experience . Thank you. What a joy to see a compelling, totally intriguing story beautifully acted by a cast that does not appear to be acting: Bill Nighy, 
Exceptional documentary and highly recommended. Having struggled with my own eating disorder for nearly 17 years now, I was drawn to this show primarily out of curiosity. I recently spent 
Good but wish it were better. Although the orchestral playing is beautiful, Bohm, perhaps because of his frail health at the time of this recording he died only months afterwards 
Another Amazonistic Experience. Amazonistic it s just plain Fantastic!! Excellent Product and as always outstanding service. When you deal with amazon.com you get it all...AMAZONISTIC!!  
upwardly mobile. I m no longer in the target audience for this movie. I realize that. I checked out this DVD not as a lame attempt to convince myself that 
Buy this wonderful DVD now!. I started watching Mr Show on HBO in it s 3rd season on HBO and loved it. I ran accross the DVD for seasons 1 
Start studded horror flick. [good things]One of the most cleaver films of the 1980 s slasher craze. This film has an all-star cast, great acting, great and likable characters even 
Objection Overuled, The witness may get the dvd. After getting both volumes 1 and 2 of season one, I can not wait for this release. The stories are every bit 
If you love Seinfeld you will want this. I have to confess that I am not a Seinfeld fanatic but I really like the shows. I own Season 1, 2 
Gripping Plot, Plus Theories On The Inner Meaning Of `Like A Virgin ... Recently I saw Reservoir Dogs for the first time since the 90 s, and was struck at 
Stewart and Fonda..What a pair. This western double feature disk is worth every pennyThe Cheyenne Social Club is a bitter sweet comedy. Stewart inherited a brothel froma deceased brother. Fonda 
5 episodes is not enough.... Trust me, you re gonna want more. I made the mistake of buying this the single-disc version of their best of box set awhile back 
Not the best... ...but not as bad as some people wrote. Please keep in mind that this is a American Pie movie. If you do expect some serious movie then 
James Hansen, You missed the whole point of the movie!. James, you wrote: Ben is weak, immature, a stalker, lazy, has bad taste in women and at 21 is unable 
~ The Best of the Star Trek movies~. The long awaited movie of the Star Trek crew did not disappoint. This is the best of the Star Trek movies in 
A great anime!. At first glance it seems like the movie isn t worth what little money you paid for it. The characters on the back of the box looks 
One of my 10 favorite films. There were 96 reviews of Aguirre at the time I wrote this one. Here is mine. Werner Herzog presents a minimalist and completely awe 
A Great Historical Drama. I fell in love with this film years ago, and I was happy when it came out on DVD. It s hard to find footage of 
Love this film!. Painted first as a kids movie because of all the animation and funny falls, situations, etc, the jokes in this movie are clearly for everyone! Love it, 
Story of media immorality. A very subtly told story, great actors, a highly relevant subject, and you walk away from it with a feeling of frustration. Something is not right.Of 
Great movies but are we seeing all of them?. This beautifully presented box set is a treat. Visually stunning the movies themselves do a great job of recreating the atmoshere 
Nice collection. The best is The Long, Long Trailer but the others are great movies too. Nice having the movies Lucy and Desi s made together in one set. Recommended 
Good movie - leaves an impression. I liked this movie - it left an impression. It is a refreshing punch in the face to liberal pro-multi-cultural types - that have 
Pretty good!. I have to say that I like being able to get Baywatch on dvd now!! I loved the show! The only problem I had with the dvds is 
Hillarious!!!. I used to watch Dinosaurs as a kid but now that I m older I get the more adult jokes that are in the series and the underlying political 
You should know what you re getting into. By reading the movies discription you should somewhat know what you are getting into. It is hard to find this movie listed 
Best movie of 1998. A friend of Casanova once told him after reading his memoirs that one third made him laugh, one third was erotically stimulating, and one third gave 
great price. a good buy. back to the future is a piece of my youth. it was great to revisit these movies - corny as they may be at times. 
Unsettling foreign psychodrama. The Vanishing the 1988 French thriller directed by George Sluizer is a film superior to the over embellished Hollywood version starring Jeff Bridges which was also directed 
great western by cooper. this is how tough a lawman could be, how vulnerable and how lonely when a lawman got to face a situation by himself and be the 
Puttin on the Seuss. Many kidsEnjoy ChristmasThey like it a lotAnd this filmIs about the GrinchWho did notThe film gives the background, and fills in some blanksThe Grinch as a 
Wife Loves it. My wife can t get enough of this movie, so she s happy, I m happy....its pretty good..  
A Great Coming of Age Film. Bend It Like Beckham is a very enjoyable coming of age film for teen aged girls. The film sensitively portrays a young Indian girl 
Great Scott Triple Feature. This is one of two triple feature Randolph Scott Western DVDs produced by Warner Brothers. This is a great collection, featuring two very solid Scott Westerns, 
Lucy s last pillow. Lucille Ball, though remembered mainly for her TV comedy I Love Lucy , shows here that her acting abilility in serious drama was as strong as 
What s up with Kid s Review ?. You have to be over 18 to order item on Amazon right? so why so many kid  
classic tragedy and dread. The Wolfman was not the first werewolf movie and it certainly wasn t the last but it is the greatest and most moving. Lon Chaney Jr. 
DVD s. I have not seen this movie yet, but my husband has and wanted it. He had Short Circit. He is they type of person that likes all kinds 
If you love Jack Ryan. The only reason to have this collection is because someone loves the novels and character of Jack Ryan as I do . All 4 movies 
Let s Get to the Dancing! DVD Review . When you watch a Fred and Ginger F&G movie you expect to see the two of them to dance together. In 
Funny and educational!. The tone of this series is fantastic. You get to laugh and you get to learn a little. I think it would be perfect for showing in 
GREAT for die-hard fans. this is great for die-hard bond fans. i have been a fan since 2000 or 2001 and i love this dvd.  
Pretty and thought-provoking. Swimming Pool Francios Ozon, 2003 It seems that of all the movies I have seen this year, Swimming Pool is the one that s garnered the most 
ANOTHER must-have Groden masterpiece!!. Again, YOU MUST OWN THIS DVD!!! The medical evidence is brilliantly anazlyzed, many primary witnesses appear herein, and there are many priceless films photos. Get this!!!Vince 
Mike And Worm bet it all. Rounder is not your typical card playing movie. It s about the angles. Being able to play cards blind. Being able to know your 
When the right one is right there but you are too smart to know it. Ever get the feeling that love is right there and near by and yet you 
Absolutely mesmerizing. I saw this documentary when it appeared on VH1, amazingly shown with no commercials. I taped it and have watched it several times since. I think it s 
Excellent Early Sean Penn Movie....Highly Recommended !!!. I picked this DVD off the rack as a random selection, mainly because I don t believe that Sean Penn has ever appeared 
Necessary as opposed to gratuitous. This review discusses the structure of the movie starting from the approach of a very important spoiler. Reader beware.When I first saw this, I felt 
Exploring lust and greed among the super-wealthy of England. Woody Allen s Match Point is impossible to relate to - unless you were born with a 20 million trust fund. 
Wonderful movie...... In my opinion this is one of the best movies ever made. The acting and the music by far are wonderful.When seeing this movie for the first time 
A classic fantasy film. This is a terrific film when I was younger and it still is. When I don t have anything planned Saturday mornings; I watch this most 
Center Stage. My teenage daughter was in love with this movie and we could not find it in any of our local stores. I find it online and ordered. It 
Episode: The Cold Equations. After having been sorely disappointed in the purchase of the feature length version of Tom Godwin s story see review elsewhere on Amazon , I purchased 
scoop struggles with his inner demons. this is a good show, fun seeing bob and the gang including spud & pilchard, but not travis or farmer pickles having an adventure 
Hey! More than just plain crunches!!. Wow, that was different! This workout has some neat moves to work your abs. It starts with some mild cardio and strength moves to 
 Chicken in a basket? No, they re Chicken in a Casket! . So these are the words of Calamity Jane, a contender in Roger Corman s low budget farce, 
absorbing and scary. The most terrifiying movie I have seen in a long time, psychological and absorbing, it stayed with me for weeks  
One Of The Funniest B-Movies I ve Ever Seen!. Attack Of the 60 Foot Centerfold BTW, is neither a sequel or remake of the 1958 cult classic Attack of the 
Overwhelming, sensitive, and understated. Fifty years after Julius and Ethel Rosenberg were executed as spies, their granddaughter Ivy Meeropol made this film to understand her grandparents more intimately and humanly.As 
A Hoot for fans of Old-time Dinosaur Movies. I was first introduced to this movie watching Who s Line is it Anyway? They put Colin in front of the blue 
AMAZING ACTION MOVIE BUT.... Matt Damon is great in this movie, I enjoy the first edition very well. This is a upgrade version of the one that Richard Chamberlain did 
Classic Romance. A timeless classic that is the ephipany of romance. With Audrey Hepburn, William Holden, and Humphrey Bogart, this romantic comedy defines cinema  
A unique night. Yes this must have been such a night to be there at the Carnegie Hall. Although the original piece South Pacific could be deemed as outdated in 
a great pianist. Lang Lang is an AWESOME pianist, I read the other people s reviews about him haven t bad talent and saying if he has skills. well, lets 
Kicking the habit. Before their reunion tour last fall of 2004 it had been a while since we heard anything from Canadian industrial legends Skinny Puppy. Their 1996 release The 
A movie worth watching. I watch around ten movies a week, so I m not so often moved by a film.This is different. This film I loved. Is a piece 
DVD sales. Was kept informed throughout busy holiday season, first, that DVD was out of stock, but that it would be available in about a week. I was informed when 
Great Movie, but it s sadly untrue in real life. Quite coincidentally, this movie was on television last night, right after I broke up with my boyfriend and he left. 
Pretty Good DVD... We bought this DVD mainly for Kiersten our three year old granddaughter to watch.We were not planning on watching it till closer to Christmas but she found 
CHARLIE DID IT!!!. it was good...and i love seeing robert deniro as the bad guy. ooops, did i ruin it for you?;-  
Absolutely Awesome!. I use this DVD series to help teach evolution to my high school biology students. They love it, I love it, and it s very easy for them 
If you like Kafka... Yes, this is a bizarre film. If you don t like your films a little artsy, you might want to steer clear. If done well, I 
Familiar Truths Told Well. Those with a cursory acquaintance with the history of government repression of leftist movements will recognize many familiar truths told in this account of the life 
Very entertaining but... Why do they always screw up the endings? I was into this movie right from the start. Low budget? Well, it may not have cost very much 
FLASHDANCE IS A 80 S CULT CLASSIC!!!!!!!!!. Flashdance with Jennifer Beals is such a 80 s icon movie and not only that but it has a amazing soundtrack to follow.... 
One of the best Technicolor and Tyrone Power movies ever. Tyrone Power and Technicolor were two of the best things in Hollywood history, the latter being the greatest. This HUGE 
Very good. My son who is 4, adores this video. He keeps watching this again & again. He loves all the characters in the story. He knows what punctuations are 
THE BEST MOVIE CONCERNING HEROIN ADDICTION EVER MADE. this movie is a must to see HOWEVER if possible PLEASE try to obtain the UK version so that you can watch 
AN ANIMATED FAMILY OF X-MEN -- COMPLETE WITH SPANDEX. AN ANIMATED FAMILY OF X-MEN -- COMPLETE WITH SPANDEX & IT ALL TURNS OUT PRETTY - - WELL - - INCREDIBLE:Pixar 
Entertaining and Fun. If you re expecting a Lord of the Rings type Academy Award winning movie or a good ol fashion slobber knocker gaming session, this movie game are 
My favorite things about this movie. This movie kicks butt. Kiefer Sutherland is absolutely terrifying as Ace. That guy can act, no s t. I totally forget I am watching 
The Last Dragon. The video was fine. Shipping with usps cracked the case on both disc  
Great movie and extras but missing earlier extras. Field of Dreams is an incredible movie. It is about the importance and timeliness of belief and hope and family and even 
Ah, to be in college again. If you re into party movies, go ahead & add this one to your DVD collection. It has everything you want in a party 
Stunning Visuals: A Film with Deep Meaning, Culture, History. With indelible impressions of the subtle beauty and depth of Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon and House of Flying Daggers still fresh 
A Very Good Film: From A Japanese Viewpoint!. The setting for this film is in Japan, circa 1945. The Japanese military are near the point of surrender. However, the war 
Heartwarming Story. There is something magical about this film in its simplicity in examining the needs of the human heart. It is a comedy light in nature but handles its 
LOVED this DVD!. This DVD is exactly what I ve been waiting for and its FINALLY available. If you love KITH like I do, its totally worth it to buy 
Tarzan at his best. A very well done Tarzan remake! The stars were great, locations wonderful, and the story was added to by filling in details we had never seen 
Top Movie Stars at Their Best. Led by Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson, this all-star cast, and an excellent story base make this one of the greatest of all 
The Epitomy of Beauty. This movie was wonderful! Although I recommend getting the first movie, Le Gloir de mon pere, it is still great by itself. The overall work, scenery, 
are you ready for HARSH TIMES. This is a movie you will never forget. Christian Bale takes it to another level, he will blow your mind. Even in these negative 
extra counting bonus!. My son got this DVD for Christmas. He just turned two and he loves it. The best part is that thanks to the song and the numbers 
A Change for the Better. As a Martin Shaw fan, I was pleased to see this new vehicle for his expression. Mr. Shaw takes the role of Adam Dalgliesh to 
Exciting Western!. William Wellman once more proves why he was one the most extraordinary filmmakers in this genre. From the first shot you will be involved when a bunch of 
knock, knock?. This is a good movie. Saw this on cable when I was a kid, loved it. Found it finally on dvd when I had enough money to buy 
Doris Day and Cary Grant. If you grew up in the 60 s and LOVED Doris Day or Cary Grant movies - BUY THIS ONE!!!A sweet and funny story with 
If you even thought about likeing Cinderella.... I am almost 40 and when I was in college in fell in love with Cinderella. There is not much from the 80 
Still Relevent. This moview will make you laugh and cry. It show that love and care that a group can give  
Great overview of 8 parts of the swing with detailed checkpoints. This is a fantastic detailed look at each of the 8 parts of a good golf swing. After watching 
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN MISTER RIGHT APPEARS TO TWO SISTERS AS THE PERFECT MAN?. FIRST OFF: The Man in the Moon , is a great film! With Robert Mulligan, the director 
 Mob supplies! Get your angry mob supplies here! . After being first introduced in 1989 and featured in several celebrated animated shorts, Nick Park s beloved stop-motion characters finally 
Lovely video. I loved this video and everything about, and I highly recommend it to any backstreet boys fan.Something that I still wonder about today is how on earth they 
 You eat lunch at 10. You eat dinner at 2:30. You eat breakfast the day before. . I saw this movie about 11 years ago when I was 10. 
Realistic as it gets. Researching a book on serial killings, writer Brian Kessler David Duchovny and his girlfriend, Carrie Laughlin Michelle Forbes , travel cross-country to the murder sites. Hitchhikers 
 And then he kissed me... . Adventures in Babysitting starring the beautiful and talented Elisabeth Shue is one of my favorite films from the 1980s. I was born in 
The Chronicles of Riddick!. Finally. The first rated R movie ever made for children. Enjoy kids  
Even the toughest critic will laugh. No Spoilers This movie is an unholy combination between Airplane and Anaconda. Snakes on a Plane is probably the funniest movie of 2006. So 
Good film with an excellent ending and a great cast:3.5 stars. Mogambo 1953 is a good film with an excellent ending that makes you want to watch it again. Of 
Macaulay Culkin and Elijah Wood a great combination. In this scary movie. Mark s mum dies when he is about 10 years old and he goes to stay with his 
A Marvelous Collection. One might say of the works in this splendid collection what one wag said of the New York Edition of the Works of Henry James-- If you 
Excellent Transaction. Great communication. Easy payment options. Fast Secure shiping. Would definiely do business with them again  
Drugs and Violence????Huh?!. Its funny to me when I read some of these reviews. People mention the drugs and violence in this movie but yet there isn t one instance 
 You mean you ve got a room for that? . A great cast and the perfect blend of humor and mystery make this entry in the series based on 
GOT MILK....??. Dario Argento fans have nothing to fear,Anchor Bay has done justice to this film.The video transfer from Anchor Bay is simply amazing and the digital 2.0 sound is 
Interesting Character Study. I admit to liking films which develop interesting characters, which are both believable and make for a worthwhile story. You Can Count On Me fit the bill. 
one of the best but not the best version!. This is the best version available. I say that because the best by far was the 1950 version that featured Miss 
World War X. In X1 there was the attempt by Magneto played superbly by Ian McKellan to convert humans to mutants. In X2 it was a plot by a corrupt 
A Flawless Film. Hannah & Her Sisters is, in my opinion, a flawless film. Balancing subtle humor with the trials of a disfunctional family, it places Hannah as the fulcrum 
Bleach. Bleach is the best anime manga series I ve come across in a very long time. The characters are well developed and lovable. The story has a real plot 
Correction on Aspect Ratio. Some customers have complained that this version has been chopped from the original. This is untrue.The original was shot in widescreen, and then cropped pan & 
Excellent film. This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.The Young Mr. Lincoln directed by John Ford is partially fictional account of Abraham Lincoln s life 
Shamefully Overlooked Southern Gothic Murder Mystery Has Atmosphere, Genuine Thrills and the Superb Blanchett. This is surely one of the most seriously underrated mystery thrillers around, which is a shame 
Wonderful! I can watch it over and over!. No commercials and I can watch it over and over again! What is better than that? For those who love early ER, 
The Sixth Sense. I didn t see this movie when it came out in the theater. Someone also spoiled the ending for me too. I still really liked this movie. 
It s pretty good. It is not woo s best work I will say that but it is not bad. It is more comedy than the ulta violent action gun-ho 
Fantastic series. This video is a movie length two parter. If you re a DIEHARD ER fan, the first two SEASONS with the third on the way are available at 
A Classic. Don t let the grisly climax fool you. This may be one of the most humane movies on record. These are real side-show freaks and no matter how 
Pretty Good. Michael Mann director of Collateral & Miami Vice wrote and directed this film, which stars two of the most legendary actors in the world...Those actors are Oscar winners 
At last! The complete Rathbone Holmes in one box. Basil Rathbone reigned for 50 years as the very embodiment of Sherlock Holmes. The script writers were very fond of having 
Brilliant animated movie!. A 9 year old loser named Charlie Brown is just down on his luck for he can t do anything right and has a few friends like 
Puttin on the Seuss. Many kidsEnjoy ChristmasThey like it a lotAnd this filmIs about the GrinchWho did notThe film gives the background, and fills in some blanksThe Grinch as a 
Excellent DVD for Beginning Violin!. This DVD along with the ABC s of Violin book 1 was a great way for me to start violin. I learned to read music, 
Classic - Peyton Place. If you liked Peyton Place, you will love this movie. Jeff Chandler does a great job portraying the publisher of Allison s book as well as 
Walken has high concept moments. There is probably no stranger group of skits than the best skits of Christopher Walken not all of which are on this DVD . Attention 
Very, Very Creepy. This gets good marks simply because it is such an interesting, involving story that hooks you right away and every time you watch it and doesn t 
OK Populist Drama. Meet John Doe is an engaging populist drama with some elements of screwball comedy, but it lacks the resonance of director Frank Capra s Mr. Smith Goes 
GREAT BUY!!!!. This was a great deal for these two items!!! Shipping was fast and free! WILL BUY FROM AMAZON AGAIN!!! Really pleased!!! The Oc is the best show ever! 
A Wonderful Film About Faith And Charity. Millions, a film directed by Danny Boyle, of 28 Days Later fame is an uplifting tale of a child s faith and new 
heartbreaking and beautiful. If this film had been made in English, by an English or American director and cast, it would have won a truckload of Oscars -- it s 
Comic Epic with Heart, Soul and Bruises. Hartley s Masterpiece: An epic, dark comedy with heart and soul and bruises.If Hal Hartley were never to make another film, he could 
Terrific but......... John always puts on a great performance, however, much of the new DVD is old material. Nonetheless, super funny. I seen him live in february in Laughlin, Nevada, 
great delivery time. the item was in perfect shape.the delivery was incredible,i think i recieved it in less than 4 days. i hope to do business with this one again.-gre 
 I can t help it if my sixth sense tells me to worry. . After having cult hit status placed on their awesome horror film Demons, writer-producer Dario Argento 
LOve It!. I really enjoy this dvd I have most of Kathy Smith s excercise tapes. this one they demonstrate the proper technique on each excercise, And you can break 
A good sequal to The Secret Garden!. I liked this sequal a good bit,but I think it lacks something.It doesn`t seem to have the magical Secret Garden touch to me!It`s 
sally richards. This is the greatest movie ever! I love LA, and who can miss with this cast! Whenever I miss LA, I put in the video and I m 
One of Woody Allen s Funniest Films... Before Annie Hall, Woody Allen s comedy was very different. Rather than the mature quips that any Woody Allen fan is used to 
Excellent Horse Movie for Young Girls. Melissa Gilbert and her all-star cast are as excellent as ever in this believable tale of a young girl and her horse  
A Waltz for a Night. So, we continue with the psychosexual primer for guys How to Get the Girl of Your Dreams in One Easy Step . I know that 
One of the best of a long line of really, really good ones... My Neighbor Totoro is a wonderful story about what happens 2 young girls and their father move 
Pierce Brosnan Makes Bond His Own. Pierce Brosnan returned in 1997 for his second appearance as James Bond in the 18th official Bond film. Pierce appeared to me to be 
Ignorant the previous review. Who obviously knows nothing about Ozu or his canon of films. This is one of Ozu s pure comedies, and one of his best. Hopefully Criterion 
Pistol Pete Birth Of A Legend. A great learning tool for childern of all ages  
Better than the later color episodes..... The first series of black and white episodes of the Saint apppear to be more gritty and realisitc compared to the later color series 
You ve got mail, take one. In Ernst Lubitch s delightful romantic comedy, James Stewart s and Margaret Sullivan s third film together, Stewart plays Alfred Kralick, the best and 
everything that can go wrong - goes wrong. I was really surprised with how this film turned out! Ashton Kutcher plays Tom, a pretty nerdy guy with a huge crush 
Our Sixteen Candles!. This is one of the most well written and performed movies about coming out I ve seen up to this very moment.It has the same sincere and 
My Favorite Things. I ve always loved this film. I remember watching it at Christmas time every year since I was a little kid. You would think I would get 
Effing marvellous. Partridge is hysterical wherever he appears, and while I agree that KMKY isn t quite up to the hysteria of the later I m Alan Partridge , it 
good entertainment. This is a wonderfully enjoyable series if you like The Waltons and their good family values. Too bad there isn t more of this available on TV now 
My friends were absolutely right, this film is out standing. The beauty of this film is the way in which it balances many layers of story and character. Everyone in 
80 s Classic. The Breakfast Club, one of the best movies out there. Timless no matter what s your age or what year you were born in your sure to 
Well-done adaptation of raw, terrifying play. I began watching this DVD with dread, because I knew what was coming in the form of violence and brutality between the players in 
Huge Communication Milestone. I purchased the wonderful sign language DVD My Baby Can Talk for my son Max when he was 6 months old & from the start loved the 
I fell for him... Although I bought this box set JUST to see Ronan Vibert s portrayal of Robespierre, I was taken aback by The Scarlet Pimpernel himself, and all 
This Is What Got Me Into Monty Python. Man, some of my all-time favorite skits are in this wonderful compilation here. For some reason, the Monty Python crew decided to 
The film s propaganda message was widely misunderstood at the time... More than one director has realized that the perfect plausible way of confining your characters to provide suspense is 
Tonka, Tonka, Tonka!. We rented this movie and my 3-year-old boy loved it. He keeps asking for it even after we had to return it. I ve heard him singing, 
This isn t as bad as everyone is saying it is. I liked this movie. I thought that the story was a good one and imaginative. The acting wasn t 
Wonderful, intelligent comedy skits! We love it!. I m a Kids in the Hall fan, but my kids can t watch those shows just yet. I read the reviews of 
Amazing discovery... Just finished the three movies in a row, and there are no regrets! This DVD is fun, and more: there are nice extras including an almost finished crazed 
Shawn Michaels Story. This is a very good dvd. First ill will review this entire dvd then i will give my idea for another shawn michaels dvd spanning his entire 
Very enjoyable underdog movie. I find it hard to believe people have written negative reviews of this movie. Maybe they just didn t get it. The characters are fully fleshed 
Incredible, As Usual!!. Any drummer would be ecstatic to have this DVD set. Neil breaks down his thought processes and techniques, and there are some great videos Pieces of Eight, 
VISUAL CRY FOR MILITARY AND LEGISLATIVE DEFENSES. This is a riveting visual demonstration, by Mercedes Maharis, of the principle that a high civilization and low civilization can not coexist side 
For a Few Dollars More.... ....you can buy them all separately and maybe get some actual liner notes!!! When I bought this, I thought the Slipcover holding all three films 
The Best TV Program of All Time!. I ve purchased seasons one through four as they ve become available. There isn t a bad show in the bunch. The acting 
The Beatles are back!!!. For those who were around when Beatlemania exploded in America, a flood of memories will come back to you when you see this movie. Anyone who 
Anyone can do this. I can only reach my knees when trying to touch my toes and I can manage to do everything on this DVD. It feels good and 
We ll never know........... After the finale, I guess we ll never know what happens. whatever. We just got to accept things the way they are. There really is no 
Honestly reviewed. I am studying the play by Brian Friel, which is absolutely wonderful, the film whilst completely convincing and beautifully directed, strays from the original script occasionally, which is 
This movie aint nothin but a thang. This movie is hot, before I watched it I was always gettin served by the other guys and girls on my block. But 
a beautiful love story. The Act takes place during the final days of Cuba under the collapsing Batista regime.A high-stakes card gambler Robert Redford comes very often to Cuba seeking 
bluray disc open season. sony bravia 40in lcd full 1080p and a ps3 and one copy of open season equals great eye candy ice age on bluray looks just as 
Very Educational, Very good. This dvd isn t one of those bad titles with cheesy menus and some kid walking around with a camera. The director took his time to 
Lots of fun. I haven t danced since my jazz dance class in 3rd grade. This DVD made me want to get out there again. The music is fun and 
Babylon 5 Movie Pack. Delivered in a timely fashion. A welcome addition for a Babylon 5 fan  
PERFECTION!!. I ve had the VHS versions of these films for a while now and they re the first I d grab in the event of a house fire! The 
A decent movie for children. My daughter recieved this a few months ago, maybe longer than that. She watches it every now and then on request , but it is 
Rolling on the Floor. This movie will have you rolling on the floor with laughter!!Alan Arkin and Peter Falk have a casual way of handling this script that makes the 
Cold Heart is Great Entertainment. I really liked this movie. Even with Jeff Fahey looking ill and somewhat seedy. I m not sure what that s about but don t 
Boyz N the Hood. Good movie from the 1990s years,Tre has to live with his dad after getting into a fight with Bobby the boy he walked to school with, 
he did it agin. this and the first are classic this is some of tim allen best work yet and been i had a copy of ansta clause 3 at 
Great giallo... ...this is unlike any other film by Fulci, other than Lizard in a Woman s Skin. It is about a serial killer who murders little kids. The townspeople 
Finally...A Decent SuperMan Movie... This movie was enjoyable and screenplay did not suffer from a rehash of the usual Superman Lois antics.I liked the twists - there were several.However I 
Ma and Pa Kettle series. The DVD was in great shape and the copy I recieved works very well. Going from the television reel format, or a VHS format, to 
wow. loved it. eric balfour is a beautiful naked man. the sex is good. the love story is good. nuff said  
old funny dinos. u gotta love em..and the next seasons are coming to dvd soon also. fast sent, even to sweden  
all right, good one then... akira kurosawa s masterpiece gets the do-over from criterion. this is by all accounts the definitive dvd version of this landmark film, absolutely no question 
CREEPIER AND KOOKIER......... Sure, the first of the two theatrical ADDAMS FAMILY movies from Warner Bros. had a lot going for it. I was wicked in love with Wednsday Addams 
An excellent tool for Bible teaching.... My wife and I are using the Visual Bible - Matthew in a Bible study. We both agree that it is fantastic. The actor 
Kiddie Conservation. Hoot tells the story of three unlikely heroes, Roy, Bea, and Mullet Fingers Logan Lerman, Brie Larson, and Cody Linley, respectively , who attempt to thwart the construction 
A Self-Martyring Satyr, A Rebel Without A Pause. Ana Kokkinos honest and very perceptive Head On 1998 is an extraordinary reworking of Rebel Without A Cause 1955 , the landmark 
One of my favorites. I guess I understand why this movie was so savagely criticized during it s year of release, 1986. Prince was still enjoying huge popularity based largely 
Resident Evil Apocalypse - Collector s DVD Box set. I found it better than the first film. She was perfect for the role and I just liked it  
The Moose Hole - What Are The 39 Steps?. British film director Alfred Hitchcock s The 39 Steps is a significant piece of cinema history for several reasons. It is 
Why can t I have something to do with Elvis. MYSTERY TRAIN is my favorite Jim Jarmusch film, my reasons, it s one of those films you can watch over 
Profoundly disturbing... One of the most truly despairing documentaries ever filmed, this film chronicles the cruel exploitation and empty lives of Eastern European teenage hustlers. The boys are allowed to 
Great to see. I got this for my wife for her birthday. She has been wanting this on DVD for a very long time and we are glad it is 
Great Movie, Misleading DVD. I know it s probably all been said, but yes, I was extremely disappointed to not see the original ending included in the movie. So I 
Flynn flies again. Once again, Warner Brothers have done a great job issuing 5 excellent films of the magnetic Errol Flynn. For a ten year period, from 1935 to 1945, 
Everything is a Trade Off. A neurotic struggling writer John Cusack playing a young Woody makes a deal with the devil when he begins to collaborate with a genuinely talented 
Great Fun. This is a perfect example of Bill Maher s comedy, non P.C., direct, politically incorrect. Just all around fun  
Finally the whole Anthology in One Box. First of all I m glad that Dreamworks has finally released the whole series in the states. Although I think it s an 
Dance of Death. Well, this was the movie that in which Jane Fonda got serious and finally proved she could act. At least, that s my memory of the hype 
One Six Right and you re in flight!. I heartly suggest this title to not only all the pilots out there, but also to everyone in general in order to 
Dark Shadows DVD Collection 2. Received on time and the Cds were in great condition  
Hilarious. Two people made this moving hilarious: Zaboo and Vince Vaughn. Although I m a huge Travolta fan, these two supporting characters kept me in stitches. Cedric the Entertainer also 
Inspiring. This gave me a knew understanding of Padre Pio. I had heard his name many times but never knew his life. With this I know do. What a testiment 
Ignore the awful picture on the cover!. I admit I saw this because of Viggo, but it sat on my to be watched pile for nearly a year because of 
All Quiet on the Western Front. As a history teacher I am always looking for good materials to use in the classroom. I use exerpts of the book in my 
Excellent look at what women can do... This documentary was a spectacular example of what ordinary women can do when they unite and are determined to change the world around 
Not another chick flick. I don t do really well with chick flicks because they re alwys so predictable-Not in this case! I was able to watch it over and 
like I said about part four it s not that bad!. This one is different than part four and I must say I liked it better.In this one they take 
Pretty good movie as I remember... Okay, this movie is a little old now, but Denzel and Hoskins are a great pair in this comedy. Prejudiced-white guy is haunted by 
You will treasure this collection forever. This collection is absolutely charming. Unfortunately, it is now locked away in Disney s vault, but you can still get it second-hand if you 
The Holy Grail of Lessons. I ve had a VHS copy of this for years. I ve been playing guitar for almost 20 years, and I STILL reference it! Eric 
Better in some ways, worse in others.. Batman Animated morphed into this incarnation in the later years. When it aired it shared an hour with the Superman cartoon. To make 
One of the best films ever made!. Dear viewer,Within the past few years I have become a fan of Japanese films, all beginning with THRONE OF BLOOD. Delving into this 
Traffic- The Last Great Traffic Jam. Excellent sound footage. Good graphics. The only disappointment..they cut Glad off in the best part of the jam!This is a must own for Traffic 
sunny meets shair and they start singing to gether. sunny and shaia meet sunny wants to go out with her but he has to ask his friend first if he 
That... was the coolest thing... I have ever seen. I d like to take up argument with those who say that the Mike Judge collections I own all three are 
old video in great shape. This video arrived in perfect shape and condition, a great old movie. So much better than the re-make...thanks!  
excellent transfer. I could tell immediately on viewing the first few minutes of this release that it would be the best I have seen of the movie, by far. A 
A Masterpiece from Robert Altman. Short Cuts is a film by Robert Altman, but it s not a film that you hear mentioned a lot when his work is brought 
Excellent souvenir of a Bill Maher show!. I finally got to see Bill Maher on tour last year and it was two hours of very profound statements with a funny 
Expert Cast Lends Passion to a Relentlessly Dark Staging of Handel s Mythic Oratorio. Luc Bondy s decidedly Spartan approach to one of Handel s more intriguing and epic oratorios 
This you have to see!. Jerry wasn t always old and, well, bulky. And he wasn t always gray. But he was always brilliant. I hadn t seen this film 
Surprising. . . I bought this only because i loved the first one, hoping it wasn t as terrible as the second. After i watched it i was so impressed. 
EXCELLENT Documentary Debunking of the Da Vinci Code, Plus Extra Expert Opinions!. This is a very good debunking of the ridiculous claims made against the Bible and Jesus in the 
Tell all your friends!. This is one of my favorite movies and i find it unfortunate that not too many people know about it. I think it is important for 
Disjointed, confusing, confounding and depressing. So why have I watched it ten times? Why do I keep replaying the song clips and interviews? Why do some of the lines he 
 Oh dear, did I break wind? . National Lampoon s Christmas Vacation is one of my favorite holiday films. Clark, Ellen, Rusty, Audrey, and Cousin Eddie are back but 
Great Western, Great Acting. I love the plot in this movie. I think that Sharon Stone and Gene Hackman did superb acting jobs in this movie. I can watch this 
A FAVORITE FROM THE 1980 S. I have to admit with guilty pleasure that this one of my favorite slasher films from the 1980 s. I think the fact that 
three coins in a fountain. It was pleasant to watch a NICE movie again, mine to keep.Enjoyed very muc  
Better Than The Sum Of It s Parts -- By Far. Dietrich never had much good to say about this film; she didn t like the set, thought Power inadequate 
The other side of the story. Excellent glimpse into one of the most important and integral news agencies of the decade. IF you can watch it with the walk a 
Good Hong Kong Police Film. I would have preferred to have seen this film in it s original Mandarin language track but I do not feel it is necessary to 
Amusing, dark and disturbing - a highly recommended experience!. This movie will probably offend some people, but it is mostly a highly amusing black comedy. The central performance from Nicholas 
this movie delivers. As someone well versed in various kinds of literature, someone who has read and enjoyed almost all of Tom Clancy s novels, and as a professional videographer, 
More than just behind the scenes... A variety of experiences are presented through interviews with members of the company, from the principal dancers etoiles to the understudies. It allows us 
The First Chocolat to EVER give me Goosebumps!!!!!. I am surprised that no one mentioned the inspiration in the story line. There are many to speak of. There is a 
Hot, hot hot!. Prepared to be disappointed, my husband and I were awed by the dancing in this unusual and unique stage performance and too wired to sleep. We were 
IT WAS AMAZING!!. I loved it...yes, it was a little hard to understand and follow only cuz it was in French and the first time i saw it was without 
Every American Should See This. Every time I hear someone tell me it is un-American to question the motivations behind and the execution of a war, it really upsets me. 
coming from her biggest fan... this is my favorite movie. i think it is really funny and has a good story to it. i admit that there are some stupid 
Marx Bros Collection - a winner. Nostalgia, laughs and great value. Ordered because of a wish to show my kids what made me laugh when I was a teenager. Quick, 
A classic!. We all love a good B-movie, and Q tops my list of guilty pleasures. It is, simply put, a good old-fashioned B-movie romp, with all of the requisite 
Denzel Strikes Again!. I seriously doubt Mr. Denzel Washington is able to give anything less than a performance of total conviction, as he proves once again to me here in 
The best place by the fire was kept for...the Storyteller.,. In 1987 and 1988, JIM HENSON S THE STORYTELLER aired and became an instant showpiece for television, a truimphant but 
Great information!!. This dvd delivers for everyone. I am a parent of 18 month old without downs.. but I found this dvd filled with so much information. The interviews with 
Better than you might think!. Okay, so it s not brilliant by any means, and while the plot is a different turn than most new sex-comedies, it s still not 
Alyssa s Growing Up. The curiosity and feeling of independence of teenagers becoming adults is readily apparent by her not being able to keep things in their proper places in 
Gripping, Modernized Re-telling of the 1915 Armenian Genocide. I agree with a previous reviewer that the movie takes a while to get to the point, but once it does, it 
chris farley funny goodness. I can t believe anyone doesn t know about the where he s talking to the news guy dennis miller or kevin that one guy that 
Thanks to a previous reviewer. After reading the review below, I have got to buy this DVD now! If for no other reason than to see what it is that 
My Precious. Finally I have all of the Extreme videos all in one place. My son wore out the VHS of Pornograffitti that I had. Being a working mom, I 
Great Brit Fun!. Anyone familiar with British comedy knows the name Dawn French - and well they should! Her comedic timing, facial expressions and a willingness to go beyond the 
A great release when it first came out; a no-frills DVD reissue though. I love this concert. This just a plain ole butt kicking concert showing so much energy, enthusiasm 
Inside Story. Greetings, opera lovers. I am director of sales at Kultur International, which released this DVD, and appreciate your interest in the title.Please let me address a misapprehension on 
Crunk!!!!!!!!. This movie was off the chain. I like the suspense that happened throughout the movie. The first time I saw this movie was with my girlfriend and we both 
This movie is NO cliche. In the sense of the story being about a teacher with what others would want to call unteachable children, sure, it could certainly compare to 
Both a Guy Movie and a Chick Flick. Before Eddie Murphy played the role, Jerry Lewis perfected it. If you loved Murphy in The Nutty Professor, you ll love the 
Terrific Hanzo the Razor Series. After having used the Laser Disc set of these films for years it is really nice to see HVE come out with the definative DVD 
Great!!!. My son loves this movie. He watches it everyday-sometimes twice a day. He is only four years old. Also, I decided to show it to my sixth grade class 
 It s silly, but I love you. I wanted to see you, to see if I d want to see you. ,. I finally did it. I finished watching 
Bringing the classics back. The tv show is great. I love the old school nascar tapes. The pop-ups can be distracting but are neat also. If you enjoy racing the 
Bravo!. I wish I could give this series more than five stars -- it is perhaps the best documentary series I ve seen. I concur with the high praise given 
The Best movie on 2004!. Purslane Johansson lived a life without her mother or father, a life of false memories and squandered potential until she gets the chance to change 
Those were the days... Another great season and performance from Carroll O Connor and the gang. I hope Sony continues to release the rest of the series, including Archie Bunker 
If u think this is good u should watch Jones 911 Road to Tyranny Film. Huge Alex Jones fan. All his docus are very informative. He can come off as 
very cute. nice story, this movie is happy, sad, funny and interesting. Everybody can see it. would be a good halloween movie for the kid  
Mystical, Magical, Sexual, Alluring, The Kind Of Story Few Americans Could Make. This, Krzysztof Kieslowski s greatest film, is the sort of story that approaches a part of the mind 
WE NEED MORE OF THESE VIDEOS!. My 15-month-old son is in LOVE with the Totally Trucks series! He loves watching the footage of the machinery and actually dances to the 
Best Western List. I had seen this film when I was growing up and it is one of the best westerns made. After seeing it, you will also agree. Give 
Oliver Stone s Masterwork... Oliver Stone s take on violence and television in contemporary America. The visuals are stunning as well as the hyper violence. Downey s character is pretty 
Middle class, middle aged Baby Boomers, was this you?. This movie probably falls flat for anyone not of the characters ages...at the time of this movie early 80 s , 
P and T are in the running again! Excellent!. Seasons one and two were excellent television - well produced and highly entertaining programs that focused a skeptical viewpoint at a 
Loved this movie. This movie is very close to real life and what people think in thier minds about each other when they first meet. We all develop relationships in 
A great comedy caper. ...The movie includes Jane Curtin, Susan St. James, and Jessica Lange who are feeling the crunch of the cost of living getting higher, while their paychecks 
Great Film! Cooper, Stanwyck & the Professors... I paid with a gift card once and now I am Gift Card Recipient...sheesh.Anyway... Great film.Very excited to see it will be released 
It has to be loved by romantical natures. One of the best movies I have ever seen  
For Die Hard Floyd Fans. This DVD is a trip back in time.Very enjoyable,but short of it.Anyway it is a great collectable for your dvd library,buy it and see for 
Great Workout. This is one of the best workout DVDs that I have found. I have tons of workout DVDs, but this is one of the best ones. Kathy has 
UTTERLY DELIGHTFUL IN EVERY WAY. Billy Wilder does his magic with this film based on a play Sabrina Fair by Samuel Taylor about a wealthy Long Island family; featuring a 
Made us ALL laugh. Wonderful vehicle enjoyed by everyone in our household. Allowed my boys to see that even with ineptness and bungling, the underdog can win, and you don 
oh so good!. The DVD came on time, in the right kind of container, and with nothing missing from the DVD. I found it a lot better to buy things 
Nice Family Film. This is a nice love story, a little dumbed down, but with a great message, the money may be the root of all evil, and what is 
A lot of work, and a lot of fun. I am not the most coordinated person and the first two times I tried this DVD it made me so frustrated 
Compelling and Fascinating. The Titanic is a compelling film about the real life story of H.M.S. Titanic. The story is detailed and moving and provides Titanic lovers with a perspective 
WHY WOULDN T YOU GET THIS?. In the last couple of years I have started to really appreciate the talent of Hope and Crosby. These movies are very funny and 
The Best Introduction To The Planets!. My son was not as enthusiatic about Astronomy as I was, until we watched My Fantastic Field Trip To The Planets. Now, he wants 
Better Than I Expected. Considering all the bad press Tom Cruise and this film got earlier this year I wasn t expecting this film to be all that great. I 
Funny!. This is a mockumentary of a flamboyant hairdresser from Scotland who travels to Los Angeles for Platinum Scissors Competition. He got the invitation in the mail but didn t 
A Must See Film. For some inexplicable reason, I completely missed this 1989 film about St. Francis directed by Liliana Cavani. I didn t even know it existed until this 
This movie was great but it just followed the same old routine. I liked this alot.The action and comedy was great and alla dat but the only problem is it 
Matt Helm Lounge. As a Matt Helm fan from 30 years ago this series of 4 movies was a blast from the past. The gimics, corny jokes and total disregard 
stupid bunny. wow this movie blew me away, i saw it with a mind set that i was gonna hate but i didnt it was really good, and it had 
Four stars within the horror gore genre only. If you re looking for a schlocky horror movie with lots of excess gore, some gratuitous nudity, a mad scientist, and a 
See the real life of some great photographers. If you want some inspiration to throw all and become a photographer, this can help a lot. It show how some of 
One of the Best Films Ever Made. Dog Day Afternoon is a great film that wowed me the first time I saw it and continues to be a great film 
Pilates Equipment Rules. You have to have Pilates equipment to feel the power! Mat exercises never did it for me. I m used to lifting free weights and playing football. 
Fun to Watch!. Lighten up, fellow reviewers! ANGER MANAGEMENT is lighthearted comedy--not neurosurgery. I had zero expectations going into this movie, but as soon as the hilarious plane scene unfolded 
Bonds of Fire. Bonds of Fire is the title of this amazing anime movie in Japan. Not sure where Amazon got Fight for the NetherWorld. oh well... Anyways, this is 
North to Alaska. I got this videotape when I was preparing for a 5-week RV trip toAlaska with my 13- and 16-year-old Granddaughters. It was a bitolder, of course, than 
Very funny sequel. This movie outshined its predecessor by a mile due mainly to Eddie Murphy. Murphy played his whole family, EVERY SINGLE CHARACTER. His acting is absolutely genius and 
Fanatastic movie. Love this movie. It is the most sophisticated movie to come along in a long time. Everything about it from the sets to the dialogue, the costumes, is 
An unheralded hero of Holocaust events. Isn t it amazing how many unlikely people can end up the biggest and bravest of heroes? THAT is precisely the story of Varian 
Love it!. I like this workout routine, it is not too difficult and has plenty of variety. The another great feature is the host. She is welcoming and very encouraging 
Great Movie!. It is wonderful to watch a movie of good moral character that is so professionally done. The message of death and resurrection is the best story of all 
I LOVE THIS WORKOUT!. To be totally honest, I cannot find a single thing I hate about this dvd...Now mind you, I ve been a FIRM lover for over three 
Killer Action & Comedy!. Mr. and Mrs. Smith, a suburban couple who live in a large and beautiful house on a quiet street, have been keeping a rather large secret 
Women and the privilege of voting. I saw clips of this movie at a leadership training seminar. When I arrived home, I rented the movie and was emotionally and politically 
The Shows Are Cut!. I m not sure about every episode, but there are cuts in the second season. My Master The Rainmaker - What happened to the footage of 
Thirsting For A Thinker of a Film? Try This One. Thank You For Not Smoking is one damn sharp movie! This movie ends before it starts, its one of those 
yeah... I saw Charlie & The Chocolate Factory last night for the first time I m behind the times, yes and though I usually don t care very much in 
Fastastic. I m currently enrolled at Rutgers University and am taking Abnormal Psychology. For two class periods we were shown this movie. I couldn t wait till the next class 
Exciting, highly enjoyable, and beautiful!. She Wore a Yellow Ribbon remains for many viewers their favorite Ford film, and it is certainly the most striking visually... Winton C. Hoch won 
A Sad Day. The whole six series of Queer as Folk, have been a joy to watch, this is the finale to the collection, I can honestly say FAB they 
More like C&amp;C. Nice Dreams comes in 2nd behind Up In Smoke, in my opinion. The innocent, goofy demeanor of Cheech and Chong are better portrayed in Nice Dreams than 
This is my Rushmore. One of my favorite movies, after i saw this movie I insistly became a fan of Wes Anderson. Altough his other movies never came close to 
I suppose... that Blackout is being held for the season 5 release so all of the Johnny Depp die-hards will by it. Nice marketing strategy. 21 Jumpstreet has always been 
An Unusual War Story. I found this to be a very compelling movie. There are so many issues that come up that it should provide good family discussion for quite 
Good intro to Bollywood... This was one of my early introductions to Bollywood cinema. I really have no knowledge of the actual Asoka, so I just approached the film as 
Egads how times have changed. The Mat Helm movies are pretty funny, and of course the girls are pretty - but I imagine the folks from MADD would be horrified 
How do I play The Royal LIfe ?. I love the movie! I just have one problem. I can t seem to be able to play The Royal Life from 
I hated this one at 1st . But,now I LOVE it!!!I had a really hard time figuring out the different moves used during the Aerobic sections. So, for awhile, I 
Great Workout!. I have a couple of workouts and this is one of my favorites. I feel all my muscle working. My regret is that this DVD only includes 1 
Vietnam without the cynical viewpoint. The main thing that sticks with me after watching this excellent depiction of the early days of the Vietnam War is towards the end of 
They are the Gummi Bears!. Great product. I bought this for my girlfriend, who is a huge fan of the series. We both attempt to sing the theme song with 
The Unspoken Issue. Swing Shift has proven to be a marvelous nostalgia trip for those who remember the 40s, and for those self-proclaimed nostalgia buffs like myself who enjoy the 
It is a Russian all time Classic. Just like Abott and Castello or The Three Stooges, the Shurick movies became a Russian classic. This one is of course is one 
Better even than recent comedy movies. I didn t expect that I would laugh on an old movie like Problem Child 1&2 !  
Still Brilliant After All These Years. It s been over a decade since I ve been watching and howling at this show, and even after countless reruns and watercooler reenactments, 
Don t have the set, but each DVD. I was hoping this boxed set would have Blue goes to school and also some more with letters and sounds, but we 
Quirky and cute but it works.... What happens when a Beverly Hills movie star walks into the quiet life of a Notting Hill bookseller? Sparks fly and it s one 
Brokeback Mountain. A riveting film with great performances. I especially underrated performance is Michele. She has a range of emotions that makes her a great actress  
If you are a Halloween fanatic, this is for you................... Basically everything you ever want to know about the films. Even though I dismiss everything after the third. The third 
very good. Very good ,bu not as good as the other films of Michael Douglas.I dont understand the price.Why full screen is higher price than widescreen  
Oldtimer. Shouldn t review this product. I remember the movies from when I was young and beautiful and in love with Elvis. I m 72 now and wanted to have 
Red Dwarf Rocks!. If you ve never seen Red Dwarf and are a bit hesitant to purchase this collection, rent it first Netflix has it and I promise you ll 
Excellent. This DVD is awesome!!!! We got this for our daughter when she was 3 yrs. old. She loved it immediately. It taught her her letter sounds and how to 
Excitement over the release. I have to admit that I was very excited the second I saw the DVDs. I had originally been looking for some Care Bears movies for 
Gritty, no holds barred look at life on the streets... It s surprising to me that more American cinema buffs have not seen Christiane F. . Directed by noted auteur 
Great Collection. Every movie is good which is hard to beleive considering that he wrote a movie a year. I do not know any other screenwriter as prolific as Woody 
The Best! {so far}. This Pink Panther film is the best one that I ve seen. I ve seen The Pink Panther, A Shot In The Dark, Inspector Clouseau, this 
Great soccer film. We enjoyed this film very much. We live in St. Louis and because of the scenes shot here, it was very interesting. Good family movie  
The best by far. I friend of mine gave me the DVD. This is the best DVD in my entire collection. High Def pic, DTS surround and wonderful tunes too. 
So glad I bought this DVD!. Dance the Chakras has all the great features of the other Ana and Ravi DVD s I have and more. I can do most 
Red dwarf series 5 & 6. Red dwarf keeps you laughing. Each season brings new adventures  
You dont have to consider this a horror movie. I got this movie in a three DVD pack from a local dealer, it came along with the movies Eaten Alive 
Longitute. This was a must see after reading the book of the same name. I showed it to my 7th grade social studies classes and they for the most part 
Timeless Romantic Movie. This is probably the best Tom Hanks-Meg Ryan picture. What makes it so special and romantic is the reoccuring theme of fate and the magic of love. 
Duke s first war movie...A Great One!!. I think the aspect that I enjoyed most about this movie is that even though it is a John Wayne movie, we see 
The Five People You Meet in Heaven. Great movie  
George Reeves Lives!. What a great collection! Being born in 1956 and watching this later on TV, this was my favorite. I wrote to Noel Neill about 1998 and she 
Every story have three sides, my side, your side and the truth, and nobody is lying. The Man who think he can read a Womans mind knows nothing R.Evans.This true 
Fifties Noir, And Close To Being First-Rate. This an almost first-rate noir-like detective mystery that takes place in Los Angeles in the early Fifties. Almost, but not quite. Max Hoover 
A Fine Film But Overrated. Kurosawa stands out as one of the great directors of modern cinema. This movie in particular is often cited as a shining example of his 
Wanna be a bad girl? Be one on your own time. This is hardly a new story, but it still effectively told under the grunge setting of the time and 
Just goes to prove, NOT EVERY HOUSE IS A HAPPY HOME!. House is a nice cheap thrill. The movie is about a Vietnam Vet turned author who is writing a 
dvd. Second posting received very shortly after first went missing! Very assuring that Amazon attended to  
In search of the populism as new!. The search for the forgotten average man as a publicity stunt require by a newspaper, and how backfired.A luxurious cast,headed for Gary Cooper 
One of the Best Movies of All Time. It s a mystery, wrapped in an enigmatic love story, riddled with corruption. For a third of a century, Chinatown has ALWAYS 
The Grand is grand...but. This was quite enjoyable, but not fabulous. It was similar to &quot;House of Elliot&quot; but not quite as good. It s worth the purchase in any 
west west yall. this is a real good dvd this is i think the only dvd where you get information about other great rappers like easy e ,nwa, but i 
for a life long fan its a must have. ok first off this video is for the fans...its clips of 2 early shows on from europe and one from the 
 The Odd Couple . Absolutely excellent! Having written about this episode in my book [pardon the plug!] YOU SAY YOU WANT A REVOLUTION, I too have speculated about what 
grateful for this workout. This is the first time I have ever reviewed a product, but I felt I had to say something about this DVD. I have always been 
greatest show ever created. Buffy the Vampire Slayer is without question, television at its greatest. With 144 episodes of pure genius, there is never a dull moment while watching the 
Tortured kleptomanic perfoms unspeakable crimes? recommended . Unbeknownst to prominent psychoanalyst Dr. William Suton Richard Conte , he is catalyst for torture of his gorgeous wife, Ann Sutton Gene Tierney 
A Powerful Courtroom Drama that Still Resonates. The military courtroom drama, A Few Good Men is one of those films, that through endless cable showings seems to have taken a 
Perhaps the funniest stuff ever made for TV audiences. I m a sucker for anything that tweaks and lampoons authority, and this is a fabulous example of that kind of 
ONEGIN. I highly recommend this DVD for its superior acting - all hands, as well as for the spectacular photography, scenery and overall quality of presentation. A real keeper  
charmed. Unfortunately the first disc was damaged. I need to return this to you but haven t the time  
 What kind of father are you, anyway? Unique. . There are a lot of movie buffs, including Hitchcock fans, who have never gotten around to seeing Stage Fright , 
Once Upon a Potty for Him. Good tape for my son. He has a great attention span so it was a little short for him, but we just played it 
One of Top 5 all time concerts ever filmed. SRV in his high flying form before he made it big.This show is so powerful, some people might have to stop 
The Great Battle of 1965. This film is about the battle in the Ia Drang valley in 1965 Vietnam. It begins in 1954 when a French patrol is attacked and 
Mugen s the name pal, you got that?. WOW! that s one word that comes to mind. WOW! ever since tenchi muyo was taken off the air, their has not 
An Early 90 s Must Have. If you like Kevin Smith, you like Clerks. I realize that every rule has millions of exceptions, but Smiths low budget indie feature from 
Not A Bad Ending. I have not seem the first two Blade movies but judging by this final installment, the series seems to be popcorn friendly fun. The Story of 
twsgray. It was a great deal, and the seller got it to me really quick  
Nothing more to say than WOW. It would have been nice to see the super long cut or at least some of the scenes with Rene Zellweger, but other than 
love the chrisi cartoons. I always loved these cartoons growing up, i always looked forward to christmas because of all the cartoons, but unfortunatly they dont play them on the 
A MUST SEE for cat lovers!. I have always had cats and love cats! When I was a young girl, this movie touched my heart so much! I again find 
Big Fun. Big fun if you re old enough to remember the TV series from the early 50s. Ohterwise, probably not  
Confused and Complex. I m not usually a foreign-film type of guy, but this movie really stuck to me in strange ways that didn t seem obvious when I had 
Care Bears are so Positive!!. We also taped this from the TV and soon our tape will wear out! My 3 year old girl loves this movie. I missed the 
the rockford files. i love all the rockford file s. and this collection is very good, i cant wait till the third season comes ou  
More of the Book than Ever!. When the film version of The Outsiders was released, fans of the book were disappointed by how much had been cut from the original 
all right, good one then... akira kurosawa s masterpiece gets the do-over from criterion. this is by all accounts the definitive dvd version of this landmark film, absolutely no question 
Sondheim on Broadway. Excellent; almost as exciting as sitting in the theatre during a performance  
Interesting movie, well done, decent twists. I saw this as a preview on another movie and noticed the guy from Ed Jeffrey Anderson-Gunter was in this and thought how bad 
Really like it. This DVD has two parts broken down into three workouts each. Each individual workout has warm-up, stretch, exercise, and stretch. If you don t have a lot 
Interesting tale of the Ultimate Warrior. If you liked the Ultimate Warrior at all during the late 80 s, you will like this DVD. It may be a one sided 
R30 review. Excellent Excellent Excellent...I truly believe that Rush gets better as they get older. I watched this concert so many times that I know the order of the songs. 
Best Collection. The first season and this one has re-introduced me to a side to the show I had forgotten was there, mainly the top-quality cast and guest stars. Though 
My 18 month old cannot get enough of this movie!. I brought this movie out for this christmas since my daughtor this year is 18 months I knew she would 
I love this movie. First saw this movie when I was 16 at a friends house. Loved it. Saw it on TV a few years ago, and still loved it. 
Beautifully Poetic. LOGGERHEADS Beautifully PoeticAmos Lassen and Cinema PrideTom Kirkman wrote and directed Loggerheads Strand Releasing and he has a film to be proud of. I have watched it twice. 
YES! It s coming out at last!. I have been dying for this season to come out because it has several key episodes. The one where Homer s car gets 
My favorite boy band!. I hadn t heard of Il Divo until a friend lamented that she and her family couldn t get tickets to a sold-out concert in Canada 
HOLY REUNION MOVIE - ADAM WEST AND BURT WARD ARE TOGETHER AGAIN. RETURN TO THE BATCAVE: THE MISADVENTURES OF ADAM AND BURTRelease Date: March 9, 2003 CBS-TV Movie .Directed byPaul 
LOST-- Complete First Season. I received this very quickly, I watched it and it was excellent quality..DVDs are definately the way to watch TV shows... A definate spoiler.  
american ninja 2 and 3. it was awesome, i would tell everybody to watch it, very good show  
An awesome gay-friendly flick!!!. Bayard Rustin, an openly gay Black man, was the person that taught Dr. King about non-violence and organized the first March on Washington. There have been 
Floating, sir... I will not waste anymore time with this; the movie was, is and will always be a great cult 80s classic. Val Kilmer is brilliant as Chris Knight. 
 I mustn t act out of personal feelings... . I ve been away from this series for a while, due mostly to the slow release of the DVD s 
Regarding the urban legend that George Reeves was cut from this film:. Actually, it s an urban legend of sorts that George Reeves s role in FROM HERE TO ETERNITY 
one helluva chase. A film which tells all the brando detractors that the great man did do a lot of great things in the 60s. The chase is a great 
one of the best afternoon shows as a kid, plus soundtrack. Lots has already been said so I will go into that, this was one of my favorite shows, along 
The first Japanese vs. first American Godzilla. This set gives fans in the US acess to the original Japanese version of Godzilla, without the added Raymond Burr storyline, and a 
We gonna have ourselves a car chase today. I guess that is the point of this movie, but there is a little more to it. Kowalski played by Barry Newman 
A charming coming of age story with a good cast. This is a well-done story with a good cast and script. The film manages to make the most of a 
A Fine Piece. Dubbed as the comeback for the three starring actors, this movie is rather laidback and allows the stars to easily do their best and make the movie 
Band? Awkward? You must be kidding me... A lot of the reviews I have read on here criticse Denise s use of the resistance band in this DVD. I ll 
Classic!!! Movie: 5 5 - DVD: 4 5. This is one of those movies with high replay value pretty rare nowadays ; you can watch it over and over again 
AWESOME. Mostly laid back music - but very talented musicians. Unreal versions of H.O.G Oldman Needle - plus great bonus info - if you are a N.Y. fan, then buy 
Color Purple. Great Movie. Can watch it again and again, and still cry at the end  
I laughed my tail off!. IF YOU DON T THINK THIS IS FUNNY, WELL THEN YOU CAN JUST GO HOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Hmmmmm..... Was it worth it?. The forth series of Python is essentially the only moment when the performances outweigh the script. Terribly under-written episodes like THE GOLDEN AGE OF BALLOONING 
Can t watch it enough!. I don t know why, but I love this movie. It s very very entertaining, which is the reason I watch movies. Lots of suspense, 
OUTSTANDING!. This DVD is a must have for anyone interested in beginning Kundalini yoga. The moves flow into each other easily and you can go at your own pace. This 
THE MOST AWESOME MOVIE EVER!!!!. Hello all who read this review. How s it goin? It must not be going most excellently because you haven t purchased this movie yet!!! 
Must see. The caribou population is declining at an alarming rate and the Canadian government is concerned. After a harrowing and kind of funny plane flight with tundra pilot Brian 
What a pair. Gene Kelly and Frank Sinatra work beautifully together in this comedy musical. Kelly has the charm and Sinatra has the innocence. This musical is sure to score 
Very Riveting.. Quite simply a must see for anyone interested in animals and animal rights. The film is very careful not to draw any conclusions but does a wonderful job 
Eastwood Becomes A Star. Clint Eastwood was looking to cross from television to films but had no success. That is until an Italian director, Sergio Leone decided to bring the 
A Cult Classic that will always HAUNT!. I first saw this movie as a teenager at the theater. After the movie, as my boyfriend and I were walking though the 
Still the best. This DVD outshines the previous ones in more ways than one. As with all Criterion DVD s, you really cannot beat their version of this movie. A 
Way past cool... Ahh nastalgia. I was 8 when this series premeierd on saturday mornings back in 1993. I haven t seen it in years. I ran a search a 
E-O 5 Stars!. Granted the pacing for this movie was a bit on the sluggish side. But then again, so was Psycho and Casablanca. The age of flashcut editing and 
French Opera at its best. Henry Vll - Saint-Sans: I have had the CD s of this opera for some time now; from the same production, and I was elated 
Great, in spite of growing pains. The tension and storyline in this season is in many ways better than in season one. The only notable downside is the storyline of 
A ballet to watch. A beautiful piece. Lighting which often is so poor in this type of DVD ,customs, performance, are tops. I enjoyed this ballet, and will see it 
JOHN FRANKENHEIMER RULES!!. THIS VIDEO OF THE REKNOWNED MOVIE DIRECTOR JOHN FRANKENHEIMER RULES!!IT S A MUST SEE!  
Feast for the eyes and more!. Into The Blue turned out to be a decent movie. I was not expecting a story or ANYTHING from this movie other than pure 
Blast from the past. I remember watching this movie over an entire summer in the early 80 s HBO played repeats back then more than now if you can believe 
We can t get enough of this DVD!. Shania is talented enough on her own, but when you add her band, it is excellent. My family can t get enough 
Two Weeks of Pure Fun and Wacky Sweetness. I bought this movie for my mom who love s the scene when Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant are in the helicopter. 
enforcer. IN THE BOOK THE ENFORCER THE MAIN CHARACTER JACK BURRBAGE LIVES IN SOUTH BEND INDIANA HE IS ABOUT 12 HE STARTS HIS CRIMINAL LIFE STEALING HUB CAPS IN THE 
Timeless Love. I was extremely pleased with the outcome of this movie. The screenplay is very well written, incorporating mainly Shakespeare s Romeo and Juliet into the movie while also 
I almost died laughing!. This show was hilarious! I didn t watch it when it was initially on because I was turned off by the comercial spots. When it came 
Classic western with Henry Fonda. Wonderful movie. Wanted to buy classic westerns for the nursing home I work at and know they will love it. I watched it and it 
Fun light mysteries. Patricia Routledge shines in this light mystery series, about a kindly ex-housewife who decides she s going to tackle crime. Think Miss Marple, but stouter, more practical, 
Feel the Night Fever!. Saturday Night Fever is a classic 70 s movie starring a young John Travolta Pulp Fiction . Today, nearly 30 years after its release, both the 
NICE!!!!. Finally Symphony X on DVD, they should release one of their own, well i got it yesterday and i just have seen Megadeth, Dream Theater and Symphony X and 
Better Than The First. This movie was better than the first and that does not happen often! I love action movies and this one delivered action, adventure and romance. I 
The Harmonium in My Memory. This was a good movie but the end was very surprising  
Great piece of slapstick. This is one my favourite movies of a Broadway musical. Funny. Great cast including Zero Mostel, Phil Silvers, Jack Gilford and Buster Keaton from the US 
Funny as ever. it was funny then and more than 20 years later its still funn  
Definetly buy this. I was one of those unfortunate enough to catch Escaflowne on fox kids. Truth is that I was hooked. It was one of the first anime I 
Baby.A classic. I saw this film years ago and it left so many memories in my head.I tried for years to track it down.What didnt help my search was the 
Hilarious Comedy. This is a stunning comedy starring Jim Carrey who plays a lawyer, who is incapable of telling the truth or keeping his promises is this really a surprise!!! 
bang bang goes the gun. clap clap goes the hands. amazingpowerfulalluringgreat acting Seagal and DMX do in this action movievery great scenerythe director is brilliant in what he does in 
Honestly....I loved it. Newlyweds Nick and Jessica were amazing in this show. This show really proved that is a reality show, and that was that Nick and Jessica always faught 
A little heavy handed, but still really interesting portrait of problems in schools. 187 is a strange movie about schools. It s strange because this is one of the few 
Tragic, intense, and frightfully scary.. This movie was gripping from the start to finish. I loved how it opened- a bunch of kids who obviously have minds of their own- 
Very Calming. I Love aquariums, but not the work that you have to do to keep these beautiful creetures alive. The Zen music keeps me calm at work. All six 
An Extraordinary DVD of music videos. I ll start off by saying that I m a big fan of music video DVDs in general. Chemical Brothers videos are larger than 
A Christmas Carol Alistair Sim. One of the greatest Christmas movies ever made. I watch this movie many times during the Christmas season.  
Still too much Bruce Lee and not enough Sherlock Holmes, but still by far! the best live-action rendition of Batman to date. Being a longtime fan of the Batman comics, 
Tuesdays with Morrie. This is an excellent story about what life is really all about. The book and DVD make excellent gifts too. I highly recommend both products!  
Better than ever!. This is the best season yet! I m so glad that Jim Brass survived. The only thing I don t like is that Sofia Curtis Louise Lombard 
Intellect Techno House Progressive. After being into the techno scene since my first party in 1993, this is one of the best videos I have seen describing the DJ feelings. 
The Horror And Absurdity Of War!. I did not find the film to be a dark-comedy as some of the other viewers. Satire, yes. Humorous, no. This film takes place 
People do not understand this movie - it is really quite good. Most people who saw this movie did not understand it, and when it was first released in 1970 
Really Good Documentary. this DVD is really cool because it shows what a Manager does within the Music Business in the Land of Hip-Hop. also shows the A&R Department&also goes 
The Story Of Us. As and argentinian citizen, I think this is the one of the most representative film about us, ever made. The screenplay shows in a very close 
Also known as How David Lynch Wound up in Buddhist Hell . Director Takashi Miike takes us on a very bizarre journey in this one. No way to really explain 
The Best!. This is one of the best of the 50 s science fiction movies. It has it all: Hugh Marlowe, Harryhausen effects, flying saucers crashing into the Capitol Bldg.! 
Michael is back!. Halloween 4 brings back our old friend Michael Myers as he escapes from a local hospital and tracks down his young niece in Haddonfield.He massacres more than 
Instant anime classic. I LOVE THIS SERIES. You want action? Got it! You want laugh-out-loud comedy? Got it! You want some saucy mild adult situations? Got it! You want insane 
Great workout for all levels!. This Pilates video is a great workout! Normally yoga and pilates videos seem hoaky and easy. Not this workout! The positions are easy to get 
One of the most touching movies I ve ever seen... I first saw this movie about 3 years ago when my older sister brought over the video to my house 
Game, Attraction, Betrayal, Love found. At first it might seem like a typical gay movie of boy meets boy but the movie was very nicely done with great actors to 
Good total body workout. I ve used other Denise Austin workouts and I really like this one because it incorporates both weights and the balance ball. This allows you to 
Nice and simple!. The star rating is for the music. Michael sings many popular songs and must face the possibility of being compared to the people that made tem popular. 
Fantastic Performance by Sally Field. This film was released when I was very young. I remembered hearing all about it but never watched it until now. Sally Field s Oscar 
Finally I found it!. I saw this movie when it came out in the 70 s and I thought it was great. I ve been searching for it all over 
Decent DVD. The music DVD is great. But I was disappointed that it was not in widescreen mode. During a section of the DVD the brothers did a series of 
The Long Shot. I am a 13 year old girl who loves horses. I thought this movie showed the true statement never give up. For all of the hard, terrible, 
Real T-A-L-E-N-T!!!. If you ve been searching for that rarest of concerts that actually delivers MORE than you had hoped for- then check out THIS DVD!SEAL fan or NOT- sit 
Love Actually widescreen . I loved the movie the first time I saw it but never had the chance to buy it becuase everywhere I went it was in fullscreen 
Pure, mystical and unforgettable. Compared to today s movies -- characterized by insipid stories, bad acting, artificiality, and excess -- this simple even banal story feels like water in the 
PEOPLE ARE SO JEALOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Dear jessica and nick, I would like to start off by telling ya ll you have such GREAT attitudes! Many cut you down, well that s 
The Best Man. Nice movie to watch. Lot of creativity for family entertainmentA lot of fun.  
Great Bond movie--5 stars, poor extras 2 stars This review is for the 2007 remastered edition . The five stars above is for the movie and this clear, digitally cleaned 
Everytime I watch i cry!. Being first generation in an Asian American family, my sisters and i can really relate to this movie. We watch it about once a year 
Civil War History at it s best!. Both of these movies are based on the books by father and son historians Michael & Jeff Shaara. Gettysburg is based on the 
Surreal and Hypnotic - A Great Follow Up From Director Tom Tykwer. In contrast to the frenetic pace of Run Lola Run, Tykwer s previous film, The Princess and the 
Five Stars For Movie Hoping SE DVD gives movie it s due . This is a fantastic movie! I ve given 5 stars in hopes that this Special Edition will 
Brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant... but not 5 star material. Wow.... this movie is seriously brilliant. And I m seriously drunk right now.... but this movie is hellla funny. Points out 
Covers all the basics. Great comprehensive basic tutorial.Volume one doesn t go into much variety. That s OK though because the instructor concentrates on a lot of details that will 
A modern masterpiece. I ll be blunt: this miniseries nearly left me in pieces after I completed it in one night. I was tired and irritable thte following day at 
buy it. my brother bought requiem for a dream a while ago and i watched it for the fourth time today. instead of just watching, i really thought about what 
Excellent Movie. I have always loved this movie, and was thrilled to find it on DVD at such a reasonable price  
Not bad, not great. I must really commend the guys who put Pi together in that the subject matter is quite interesting. There were parts of the story that became 
Great Deal. Oh how I love Media-Blasters. They are putting out movies that time has forgotten. The Zombie Pack 2 includes Burial Ground and Zombie Holocaust both from Italy and 
Don t listen to the naysayers, this is a great movie. I bought this movie a few weeks back and totally loved it. Yes, the film is independant and cheaply-made, 
A great remake of a classic series !!. I was just a kid, when i first discovered The Twilight Zone , and luckily i managed to tape most of them 
A Gentle, Charming, Magical Delight!. I have loved Peter and The Wolf since I was a child, and was delighted to share THIS Peter and The Wolf with my children. 
Amazing. What more can a person ask for? Prince plays drums, keyboard, piano, and guitar. To watch him perform with Lenny Kravitz is fantastic. Prince plays the guitar like a 
AWSOME DVD!!!!!. I recomend that you buy this if your a truly Primus die hard fan. The interviews are great. learned some things that i didnt know about Primus before. 
SeeMoreBuds. Great Job... I have wathced it 3 time already and I learn something new every time. The operation you see in this movie is simple and the harvest is 
I love this movie. Thank you for being so prompt sending this movie. I have a tour companyand we had a trip out west for 12 days. I showed this 
An American film made with rare subtlety, especially for 1961. I saw this film for the first time a few days ago and it will stay with me a long 
fulci lives!. Let me start by saying that i love this movie and love fulci.This was the first fulci flick i seen and when i first watched it i thought 
Decent video. Every video AIC did is on this video in great quality of course. It didnt have as much band footage as the advertisements seemed to insist, but nonetheless 
Unappreciated Classic!. I really enjoyed this movie. I thought the story was excellent. I had expected Frankenstein to be your classic, everyday, lame horror film which you only watch to 
Blue Sky. A delightful kick off your shoes and curl up in a comfortable chair film! No convoluted plots, no whodunnit, just plain wonderful relaxing movie of love and marriage 
Great transition movies. My daughter liked these because they transitioned from Steve to Joe really well. She wasnt too upset when Steve left  
It grew on me. The first time I saw it, I thought it was too silly ever to watch again. But a friend made me watch it again, and it 
Love the cartoons. The grandkids love the cartoons and it sure brings back memories for me as well. I like the format of mixing cartoons from different characters instead of 
Young Guns II DVD. This is a must buy if you have the first movie. It is a great sequal. A great addition to you western DVD library  
Entertaining. The sound quality is not good because the recording was way back in forties and fifties. But the DVD itself is entertaining. Karajan is an inspiration. I have been 
A Classic Movie. I wasn t sure this movie was for me as I eschew the typical televison and movie violence, however, being stylized and over-the-top blended well into a 
Fun. Fun to watch a show I loved as a kid. My daughters love the show too.  
A Masterpiece. This certainly brought back some fond memories watching this again. Great story and superb acting  
WASN T MEANT FOR KIDS ONLY. THE MOVIE WAS DONE WELL.THIS IS NOT A CARTOON. LOVE THE CARTOON.ALSO LOVE THE MOVIE.DOES NOT HAVE TO MEET THE KIDS NOR MOM S 
Mind-blowing scifi action!. This is one of Schwarzenegger s best. He looks so energetic in this movie.And Sharon Stone partners him very attractively. The movie will take you to Mars... 
Shed a Tear for Kindness. The initial episode, Chat!Chat!Chat, is another attempt to put some closure on the Laughing Man mystery. This time we are invited to a net discussion 
An encouraging, entertaining but unmoving story. Will smith is a fantastic actor in this movie. I fully expected for the movie to make me cry but it didn t. I 
The mystery of Eva. I felt this would make a nice companion piece to HBO s The Gathering Storm , in telling the tales of the most compelling personalities of 
One of those director s cuts that actually is a director s cut. I m sick of so-called director s cuts of films that add little to nothing to the 
Beauty and the Bugs. Not bad for a Mexican director I m impress. This movie has giant mutant cockroaches living in the subways of New York their always killing people 
What s not to love?. Another great performance by Danny Aiello. This movie has all the right ingredients: suspense, sensuality, visual appeal and a formidable if unexpected ending. Very smart 
Bonnie & Clyde. Bonnie & Clyde is #27 on The American Film Insitute s Top 100 above films like Midnight Cowboy, Pulp Fiction, and Unforgiven to name a few. I 
An all time classic. Have not seen this film since I was a boy growing up in the 1960 s and always wanted to own it. The story is great 
A charming, unconventional comedy. You probably won t see a film made in the U.S. in which a father and daughter are vying for the affections of the same man! 
Comparison with the First Season. I ve never seen Deadwood on TV, but I just watched Seasons 1 and 2 of the DVDs back to back. Season 1 is better, 
Rick Danko solo!. Rick Danko singing When You Awake solo with acoustic guitar makes this DVD worth buying.Naturally Robbie is on this DVD talking about music which is all he 
Overhyped cult film finally makes good. I d seen this film before, in a lesser unrestored edition, and wasn t that impressed. Sure there s some over-the-top moments worth a 
ABT-Golden Years. This is my absolute favorite version of this ballet. It is delightfully funny, beautifully costumed, and well cheorgraphed. Baryshnikov, Cynthia Harvey, Patrick Bissell, who could ask for anything 
Thoroughly Modern Millie. What a great Movie!! Loved it back then, love it more now!! A great addition to my collection!  
Nan s Maisy Review. This is a wonderful title for any small child. The colorful images and music hold tremendous appeal for my 3-year-old and with 4 full-length shows on 
It needs a lot to be a hero. Though this may seem like just another movie based on the second world war, the movie is engrossing and never leaves an 
Attila - Nice Period Epic. Attila was a 2001 mini series which won the honor of being the most watched mini-series of its day. It features a stellar cast including 
Good choice. My son is 8 years old and he loves this game. He is a bionicle fanatic!  
A Great Movie That Was Overlooked. Hollywoodland is an amazing movie, but not as good as I hoped it would be. The film never really goes anywhere since it is 
Love the movie, but not this cut . I saw Bad Santa in the theater and I laughed so hard my stomach was sore the next day. Unfortunately this version, 
Fantastic. Abs of Steel, if you use it at least three times a week and eat healthfully. I like it because the exercises are easy, but challenging. I can actually 
Looks and works great, but... It looks and works great on the PSP, but my only complaint is that there is only two subtitle modes: All off, or all English 
Hilarious and light hearted. This movie made me homesick. Although not from Mexico, it reminded me alot of the times I lived there and some of the people I met. 
Romance and intrigue amid squalor and poverty. Guy Hamilton is an opportunistic Australian journalist looking to make his name in Indonesia so that he can go on to bigger and 
You can t go wrong with Grant or Day in a movie!. This is the must-see Romantic Comedy of the early 1960 s. With Doris Day playing the part of 
Smart, Courageous, and Inspiring. You Can t Be Neutral on a Moving Train is like a cross between Manufacturing Consent and Dead Poets Society. It is smart, courageous, and inspiring. 
Great. I loved this movie! It made me think about friends and love. The marriage scene is a real tear jerker. Even though some of the characters may be alittle 
top 5 of all-time movies. It s finally coming out on DVD!! When I saw this movie for the first time a few years ago, it just defined certain aspects 
A gothic mystery far from solving !. This winner of the 1975 Grand Jury Prize Cannes tells the story of an mysterious man isolated and found in very poor and 
Check this out. OK, I agree that there is a lot of Hendrix at Woodstock video out there, but this one is different. There s this gut that snuck onto 
A life lived for others. As I sit in my comfortable middle class American home, I feel a profound contrast between my life lived in comfort and the Bonhoeffer whose 
Original Angelina. I am really glad that I got the unrated version of this movie. It was worth the extra cost. I would put this at the top of my 
Excellent pregnancy workout. This is a terrific pregnancy workout--I highly recommend any pregnant woman who has no complications get this workout!! I use this workout along with Shiva Rea s 
back when smut was smut, & we LIKED it that way!. james mason and peter sellers are competing pederasts, vying for the affections of teenage nymphet remember that word? sue 
Perfect 10 Action Series. Once upon a time there was a boy named Ben Tennyson. He s spending summer vacation going cross-country with his cousin Gwen in his grandfather Max 
Excellent Movie. I have always loved this movie, and was thrilled to find it on DVD at such a reasonable price  
Classic Samuri Movie. This movie is the inspiration for Fist Full of Dollars, a classic Clint Eastwood spaggetti western. It has a great plot, excellent character development, and of course 
gritty, intelligent, and entertaining. By its cover, you might think that dark is just another sweet love story, but it is so much more. Finally, a movie portrays the complexity 
FIRE!. I give this movie 5 stars, only conditionally. This movie has a pretty specific target audience, and outside of this audience most people will perhaps rightly find it to 
A Murder Wrapped In A Social Message. It Still Holds Up. Perhaps the first of the social injustice movies Hollywood began turning out in the late Forties, Crossfire is one 
Blew my mind. I was a newbie to U2 when I first rented a VHS copy of this concert. I am not exaggerating when I say that this show blew 
I AM A PATRIOTIC AMERICAN...AND I LOVED THIS!. I m a patriotic American and when I saw another review saying this is leftist I just had to say: NONSENSE! The 
Three Violent People Applause. One of my favorite movies of all times! Looked everywhere for it, and finally found it! Absolutly one of a kind, and very creative in the 
One of Colin Baker s best stories... I ll be the first to admit that the 6th Doctor isn t my favorite and his stories weren t the best but 
Dave Barry... so it s gotta be good. I discovered Dave Barry in a Reader s Digest article titled The Martian Death Flu . That short story inaugurated a fascination 
Bridget s one of us!. Most single women can relate to at least a page or two out of Bridget s diary. Who, at one time or another, hasn t 
 Sick?!? In this war you re either healthy or dead. . Korea. September 6, 1950. Lt. Benson Robert Ryan has one objective: to get what s left of his 
Film noir meets New Wave. Or vice-versa.This is a French film noir directed by an American film maker Jules Dassin who had to leave the country because of being blacklisted 
It s Sean Bean--how can you resist?. Yes, he s starting to look a bit older in this one ! but we DO love Sharpe, so how can we resist? 
Yay! PsyChics!. Psychics are good.They may not look as gooD as ChaR Margolis but..Yow! They solve..Solve..SolvE murders..Like should be..Little Pam..She should..Rest and maybe shE ll..ReconcilE.  
Step In To Delight. Clueless is a thoroughly delightful film, this edition improves on it with excellent bonus features - all are good, but Fashion 101 is not to be 
Infantastic! - best postpartum exercise videos I ve found!. I saw an article about these Infantastic DVD s in Parents Magazine, and now I have both Baby-Reps & Dance-Baby-Dance I 
one, two, three. James Cagney in one of his funniest movies! Fast paced! A trip back to the early 60 s. A must see movie! They just don t make 
4 stars for the episodes, not the DVD. Batman - The Animated Series - Out of the Shadows contains episodes 10 to 13. These episodes include Batman fighting villains such 
Summed Up, Who MJ really is. I watched this movie during my first year of doing graduate study. It really moved me. Not only it tells us the story of 
Complete opera experience. The two stars of thie performance are the top of their fields. Both have excellent voices and are very good actors. The music is delightful and full 
This film deserves 5 stars and nothing less. You can tell that both Casino and Goodfellas look similar and make a comparison but I think that their both equaly excellent 
A Charming And Delightful Little Comedy!. Try not to take this comedy too serious. It is meant to be fun, and it succeeds. If you have never seen the film, 
Cool Movie. I was worried about not liking this movie. I d read a lot of Reviews that said it was weird or boring. But I love Joe Strummer so 
 Out of my way, Dildo...! . Despite the fact that it was slapped with an X rating, Flesh Gordon is really a Spoof of the old movie serials of 
Excelently Made. This is one of the best movies that I ve seen in my life. The producer and actors portrayed life in Mexico in a very precise way. Apart 
one of the best. This is one of Playboy s best DVDs. The women are all attractive ladies.Very tastefully done. Not hardcore, but very artistic  
could be 5 stars. ..without jessica alba.let s imagine the same film as the deep with jacqueline Bisset...a real sexy looking woman not a teenager chica lookalike with very poor 
Bella Martha is about dealing with loss, profound grief, recovery, love and human relationships VHS Edition . Martha Klein is the head chef at Hamburg restaurant The Lido . The 
 You know, we ve uncovered a lot of muck, but no murderer. . I received the DVD for Dario Argento s The Cat o Nine Tails 1971 aka Il 
Event Horizon. This is probably one of the scariest movies of all time. Sam Neil at his best. You ve got a great script mixed with awsome special effects. This 
[Really three and a half out of five] Jennifer Hate Hewitt and Jackie Chan - yea, but it works!. Surprisingly good effort of mixing secretagents, fung fu and comedy together 
Great Horror Sci Fi Flick!. I refuse to watch the remake. How does the saying go? If it ain t broke, don t fix it? Well, this 70 s gem 
One of the best of the entire series. A favorite of many Bond fans and filmmakers alike is this second entry into the EON Bond film canon a separate production 
Better than BROTHER SUN, SISTER MOON. I had seen Zefferelli s film, BROTHER SUN, SISTER MOON long ago and was greatly disappointed in it. When I saw this, I thought 
A Brilliant, Scary Improvement on the Original Classic. This is that rare remake of a classic movie which actually improves on the original. Jonathan Demme, a moderately famous but greatly 
Fun, short kickboxing workouts... I have seen bits and pieces of these workouts on Fit TV, and thought I would get the DVD s. These are a great bargain, you 
Very Enjoyable.. I ll have to agree with Sarah. I too have a thing for Sean Patrick Flanery and he is part of the reason I have even watched this 
Really funny movie. this movie is hilarous. jack lemmon and walter matthou are so funny together. the movie is great. the product is by far a 5 out of 5 
The only downside is that Earthsuit never got the same treatment. I knew Mute Math was special before hearing a sound. An ardent fan of Earthsuit, I was crushed when 
STRANGE and WHACKY horror movie of a strange looking snowman. O.k.,its a low budget movie with effects that look somewhat cheap but I sill LIKED IT ALOT.Actually I started to 
I don t hate anything about this movie. No matter how old I get, I ll never be too old to enjoy a good teen movie. Yes, it s rather 
summit of new martial arts movies. I saw the movie 10 years ago when I was very young. Now ten years past but i still cannot find another one which 
The Imortal Tyrant is Back. Garlic returns from the Dead Zone to take revenge on the world. After taking Kame and Mr. Popo into his custody, Garlic Jr. releases the 
OH MY GOSH!. I have heard about this. I heard that this movie is based on a true story. Some guy actually got pregnant, and had cravings and everything! In 
...and Michelangelo can paint ceilings. Tagline: One vicious hitman. One fierce cop. Ten thousand bullets. Haha! Yup. That just about sums it up.Someone once said to Quentin Tarantion, I suppose 
Review of Supersets. This is a very well constructed weight workout. You start off with a warm up and use a barbell, stability ball and a step. I found this 
A very good start... This was my 1st Prince DVD I ever got. I got mines from Walmart 12.99 & when I got my DVD player 4 Christmas I was 
#1 Anime Show. I ve seen alot of anime show but this one by far is the best one out there. I was out of my seet most of the 
YOU KNOW HOW TO WHISTLE, DON T YOU?. A story based, very loosely based I might add, on Ernest Hemingway s short novel. A screenplay written in part by William 
A few good dads?. This is not a review of A Few Good Men, as such, but rather a review of its excellent director, Rob Reiner. I ve lost count 
Great For What It Is. This is a movie that stands on it s own without being a remake. Like the Dawn of the Dead movie in early 2000, this 
A feel good movie. This is a movie that I intend to watch again and again. I, being an artist, appreciate the different struggles portrayed in this film. It is 
good movie. i bought this movie for my two year old, because he loves nascar races, but he would rather watch the incredibles, valiant and monsters, inc. the ten year 
Great introduction to the world Qigong excercise!. This is a great introduction to the world of Qigong exercise and meditation. The most valuable part of the set for me was 
LOVE IT!!. Judy Garland was THEE entertainer of the 20th Century! Watching this fun-filled, tune-fest one can t believe that it was her last MGM picture she was fired after 
Randy Buck hasn t a clue. This movie is stunning--one of my all-time favorites. The direction here is as good as it gets, since some of the scenes--which are not 
Snickering Gangster!. First of all, I must say I love all of these fox film noir classics. I own many of them and hope to own them all eventually. This 
So campy, its fun to watch. I remember seeing this at a video rental store, and remembering it being advertised on television and in different magazines. From the box art 
A Very Enjoyable Film. A very good, enjoyable romantic comedy. Hugh Jackman is very sexy. I won t eat Chinese noodles again without thinking of the kitchen scene!  
Gone in 60 seconds, a carlovers dream movie. What an awesome movie!!! Filmed in the early 70 s, before seatbelt laws and just before the big gas crunch. The stars 
Theresa Russell is a tour de force in Roeg s classic film. We should get one thing out of the way first: Nicholas Roeg s films are not everybody. Moving 
A Masterpiece in Cinema. Review disclaimer: this review is based on viewing of the VHS tape. No viewing of the DVD was made before this review, by this reviewer.This movie 
Delightful. What a great movie. This is one of those films that will a smile on your face time and time again. It is well written, by the star herself, 
Extreme Suspense!!!. This movie maybe a remake, but it keeps you at the edge of your seat. You don t ever want to get up. You always want to know 
I am in love with Toshiro Mifune....great film, too, by the way..... YOJIMBO was my introduction to the great body of work from the incomparable Japanese actor, Toshiro Mifune, who 
Red hot romance!. Here is a tale about two young teenagers who are stranded on an island somewhere and eventually fall in love. The stars,Brooke Shields and Christopher Atkins were 
What a great voice. I have never seen Howard perform and this is exactly how I imagined a solo performance from him. His voice sounds as good as it ever 
Makes me uncomfortable but in a good way. The Children s Hour starring Audrey Hepburn, Shirley McClaine and James Garner is a beautiful and haunting story of how a rumor 
very unique film. House of Fools provides a very unique perspective of life in a corner of Russia - in a psychiatric hospital on the Chechen border. Based on a 
Too bad if this film doesn t get the respect it deserves. First of all, this film is not well represented by the cover. Surely the company knew what it 
Pretty remarkable debut. Whenever people hear of Sofia Coppola they think of 2 things: her much-maligned performance in Godfather III, and her famous dad Francis Ford Coppola, director of the 
I saw this twice. I read the book and then re-read the book. I saw the movie not once but twice. It is somewhat different from the book. I like 
Scream DVD. I was one of the fortunate to view all three flicks at the cinema. This is definitely the best one of them all. There is just one issue 
Awesome!. This was the movie we should have had, instead of that one that was all about the game and Anubis. The writing was really spot-on! This movie had a 
Formative movie for impressionable young boys. As a wee lad, this movie shaped by tender consciousness. I could relate so well to its hero, Dar, a sensitive outcast in communion 
Helping the enemy. Harrison Ford stars as a security specialist for a bank. His family is kidnapped and he is forced to break into his own computer system in order 
A Very Original Look at ABBA-Mania!. As a convert from pop music crumudgen to lover of all things ABBA, I have been looking forward to the release of ABBA The 
Best Intentions. This movie is amazing!! I loved it. I watch it every chance I get  
 Every Day s A Brand New Deal . This one quickly became a favorite of mine. Ever polemical, working class everyman, Harvey Pekar, desperate for an outlet in which 
Allen Masterpiece. It is the depression and Cecilia Mia Farrow is married to bum Monk Danny Aiello . She works and he spends her money. Cecilia s one escape is 
Refined a review s comment. Come on, every real movie fan knows that many hollywood directors are inspired by John woo s mexican stands and gunplay sequences, notably Quentine Tarantino 
Much better than it s reputation. This film was a major hit upon release in the summer of `79. With a budget seven-million-dollars, the film took in over 40 million 
Presley s Best. Elvis Presley movies fall into 4 groups. There are the films made before he entered the Army, when he was a true rocker. Check out Loving You, 
An unsettling masterpiece. . . I remember how badly Robert Altman s 3 WOMEN bombed when it was released in 1977. Very few knew what to make of this waking 
Robin Williams is astonishing. This film is astounding. Robin Williams performance as a world-weary academic and therapist is one of the most brilliant portrayals ever committed to film. Matt Damon 
Quality performances make a quality Movie experience. Some people might say the morals set in this movie are a bit strange but that is coming from the people who just 
an excellent and very faithful adaptation. The 1983 BBC miniseries of MANSFIELD PARK, adapted from the Jane Austen novel by Ken Taylor, is a highly-entertaining screen version of Austen s 
A viewing adventure of discovery. I d have to concur with many of the reviewers here in their thoughts of this film. I started with certain expectations because of the 
What else is there to say.... It s stargate!!!! I am surprised how long this show has been arround especially when it first started. I had much trouble adjusting to 
I Like My DVD Copy. I think there may be small flaws in sound sync occasionally, but the film is 38 yrs old. I wasn t aware of a voice 
Jay & Silent Bob Do No Cussing. Ok hey I have gotta admit I bought this movie thinking WOW cool another Jay & Silent Bob flick. But I didn t 
4 my little girl... I purchased the DVD for my daughter for christmas and she loves i  
Great story - well done. Ok, if you re tired of all the talking animal CGI junk Hollywood pumps out each year, this is a great alternative. Keep in mind 
A great collection of short films!. This is a very nice collection of short films. Animation fans should find &quot;The Bad Plant&quot;, &quot;Billy s Balloon&quot;, and &quot;Nocturne&quot; especially satisfying. They 
Madagascar: the twist and turn word!. This is very funny film immersed in the great tradition of Woody Allen. A hypnotist Voltan Polgar will make a true mess of entangles 
I was laughing out loud. I know Rex Harrison to be rather pompous, the very stero-typical Brit. He is also good at comedy, but I never thought he could be 
Johnny Depp & Tim Burton always a winning combination!. An absolute must have for all home movie collections. Contains something for everyone of all ages - wholesome entertainment for children, 
Great laughs, especially toward the end... This prize-winning play about a nutty family of eccentrics in the 1930 s isn t done on stage much anymore it is a nightmare 
The Order: Movie Flop That is Just Too Cool. One could easily rip this movie to shreds. It is chock full of oddities, poor writing, and lame attempts at being 
Best 3D on DVD on the market. Anyone interested in 3D movies will be blown away by this one. The 3D image in it is so superior to any I 
This one s a keeper. This is the selected video of choice so often that I believe I ve memorized the words...Emeril is a marketing brand name king ...when my 
WHY is this DVD out of print???. This is the quintessential version of the first part of Bronte s novel - how can they allow this to go out of 
Certain times I like it, others I don t. How do you separate a socially important film from a great film? Sure this film tackled the AIDS homosexuality issue head-on 
Off the Hizzy!. This movie is made for the DVD format. Repeat viewings. While some may call it over rated, and unfunny, those would be individuals who do not know 
SPEACHLESS. MAN,ive been waiting on this for years.IT s the best thing to happen to gospel music in years.It s because of COMMISSIONED that i got saved.It was great to 
A jump in the past. I was born in Italy, I saw Il Gattopardo, this was the original title, in 1963, I was 22. By the way the Gattopardo is 
Wonderful proformance. Anyone who has read the play will love this theature production. The proformance that Fredi Olster gives as Katherina is masterful and really brings the charater to life. 
Beautiful. This film is a beautiful break from the often superficial plots that dominate many of today s films. The story is of the Emperor Penguins and their touching life 
Hooked on Costner movies... In the same style as Dances With Wolves this movie has me hooked. It has that sweeping epic feel, with classic struggles between good and evil. 
Tatum s still a little darling!!. Moving World War Drama which brings a welcome return to the screen for the gorgeous TATUM O NEAL after way too long an absence. 
Wow! A truley unique love story!. This is well done film on so many levels. And works in many different styles of films. It s chilling and dramatic. It s 
Amazon and the guardian. The movie was great and every purchase with amazon has been excellent. Always prompt shipping and packaged very well Thanks and will do business again Charles 
 Pinky would not have been made without Jeanne Crain. When you first look at the cover and the name of the main character you can already tell she is 
Manilow ROCKS Sin City!!!. I just got this a week ago and I still cannot get enough! Barry is such a talent and it is so good to have this 
Call Me Crazy .. But, Dam .. This Movie, Realy Good Movie .. Shot Me. I don t care what people say, I got it right off the bat, what 
Sweet, Light , Funny. I really enjoy this movie. In fact, I ve watched it more than once. It not only is a comedy, it also has some romance and 
spacespam. I am a science fiction lover and i had to make this movie a part of my collection.,the only set back is the end of the movie wich could 
Natalie Portman Fantasy!. Natalie Portman is a famous actress from the Star Wars movies.IF you like Natalie Portman then you should check out this DVD, My Virtual Cytherea. Hint: Cytherea 
both of these movies. I must say that I grew up watching both of these cheaper by the dozen movies the other being bells on their toes , and they 
it was a good date movie. I saw Sick during its theatrical release with the man who is now my permanent boyfriend , we shared an immediate appreciation for the 
Thanks to the Other Reviews!. After reading the other reviews, I went ahead and purchased this DVD. I am sort of new to step aerobics and needed something for beginners. 
not bad. I bought the special edition a few years back. This DVD is mostly the same, but does have some interesting deleted scenes. If you love the movie as 
Laughed my butt off!!!!!!. I am a die hard Cheech and Chong fan. I welcomed this change of pace which shows how funny they really are and not just a 
Good HD film!. I got this to see what a WMVHD film looks like on an HDTV and it looks great. It s not very long but the footage of 
WAY BETTER THAN I WOULD THINK!!. I was very suprised when I saw this movie. First of all, it was way better than the remake. It had a better happening 
Wonderful. I ordered this DVD for my wife and she loves it. Great songs, wonderful sounds, and good video.  
Old Classic. Wonderful old classic without fancy special effects. True to the original story. Reminiscent of a time when Christmas was a happy family event without the hype and commercial 
 Just AWESOME . Bruce Willis brings to the set, his outstanding performance. The Fifth Element is a great sci-fi futuristic film. The movie had a great story line. The 
GRIPPING MOVIE! MAKES LIFE WORTH LIVING!. This masterpiece should have been nominated for every Oscar possible! It was so brilliant I almost died. When Gibby read that poem about the 
Hogan. This is a great set especially since we saw this series on TV. It would be a fun half hour for anyone.It made a look at the war from 
Bamboozled. Only a white person or brainwashed black person would label a movie that deals accurately with the truth of Hollywood and this country s treatment of black people RACIST. 
A WORTHWHILE COLLECTION. LAUREL & HARDY WERE THE GRANDEST OF ALL COMEDYTEAMS THROUGHOUT THE 1930 S.AND ALTHOUGH THEIR WORK ON THESE LATER FILMS PALE IN COMPARISON TOO THE WORK THEY 
Wow. Finally Leguizamo gets to act like a believable person. The bad guy is superb, chilling. Well written, gritty. You will like this  
Pride and Prejudice - The Special Edition A&E, 1996 . Very enjoyable. It is much more faithful to the book, being longer, it may. I recommended this to Austen devotees.I 
The Paul Newman Collection. I love this collection. I have some of these on VCR but now I have them all on DVD and I am thrilled  
A Truly Innovative Piece. This is by far the best of the Nightmare On Elm Street movies. This movie is set around the actress that played Nancy Thompson in the 
EXCELLENT DVD. SO NOW AT LAST WE CAN SEE BLACK RAIN IN 16 9THIS MOVIE IS VERY GOOD AND NOT INALTERATE WITH THE TIME SO I AM SO GLAD TO 
Strategy, Strategy, Strategy!. This is one of my favorite WWII films of all time. It has great stars, great special effects, great plot and most of all: the twists in 
One of the great French films. Bob le Flambeur , along with Melville s other classic Le Samourai , ranks among my favorite films of all time. Melville put beauty 
Summer the way it used to be... Whoa! Trip to yester year.... Matt Dillon is outstanding in one of his earlier and most memorable flicks. A great story well told, 
A Master Piece. Gothic is one of Ken Russell s best films. Of course his work isn t for everyone, and I know some people just hate his movies, and 
DARK LITTLE SURPRISE. This movie is in lots of bargain bins, and regretfully so. Filmed in 2002, KILLING EMMETT YOUNG is a very unusual, well acted little thriller with excellent 
Missed Stomp too many times. My wife and I have tried to get to Stomp too many times and have not been able to go, twice with paid tickets. The 
this changed my perspectives... Felicity Huffmann was brilliant with that voice and the mannerisms. So heart-breaking though, especially at her parents house. It was easy to feel sympathy for her, 
Absolute Champagne!. Oh, it s going to be impossible for me to sum up the impact and magic of The Avengers with Diana Rigg as Mrs. Emma Peel adequately. It 
No Soldiers, No War. This is a great movie that won Best Picture in 1987 and was acclaimed by both the public and the critic. Oliver Stone directs his first 
Where s the subtitles?. Great stuff! Yeah, it s basically home video quality, but so what? There s probably no other extant footage of this that s any better, unless 
The Frist of the Sharpe s series. I bet about everything that can be said about this series of books dvd s has been said. I came on to the 
Splendor of budding teen sexuality. This is a must for all Natalie Wood fanatics!The girl is beautiful and talented. The film is honest and compelling for it s time.Altough sometimes 
 Bout Time. This is some of the best footage of Ike and Tina live I have seen. As a huge Tina Turner fan, I have been searching for a 
A Different Kind of Love, A Different Time of War. STRAYED is yet another of those tender French films about survival and discovery under the duress of World War II. 
Classic. Its setting and subject matter were somewhat grim to put it mildly, but that didn t stop Trainspotting from becoming one of the top movies of the nineties, and 
I m a believer. With very little flash, this set of DVD s makes it easy to begin a disciplined walking program, no matter what the weather. I ve had 
Band Fans. If you are a Band Fan you will like this video - you get to hear Robbie Sing - if you want to call it that. Levon enjoys 
Astounding performances... The first time I watched this film, I bawled so hard I woke up my roomate. The desperate helplessness felt by the town and the world as they 
Good movie, however, we have the positives and the negatives. Plot: A mafia lawyer commits suicide. But before he does, he forces 11-year old Mark Sway Who lives with his 
 Almost Perfect . This mostly winning screen adaptation of Wilde s great farce has to its credit an ideal cast. Though there s no weak link, justice requires that 
Funny and pleasing in every way. talk about a film that really made me laugh, i picked up a used copy since the price was pretty cheap, Not even hearing 
An Old Movie. An old movie, but a good movie. The end is a sad comment on the society of tomorrow. Heston and Robertson do a great job of acting. 
Underappreciated Film. This is not a movie for the passive fan. This is not a movie for someone looking for a no-brain 90 minute vegetative state on the couch. This 
Got what I wanted. I ordered a boxed DVD set and accidently wrote the wrong building number to my address. The process for getting my merchandise could have been better, 
Be nice to the right people on the way up...sooner or later you re gonna me them comin down... I m surfing on the TV, and I came across this 
great. Have always loved this story First movie I ever saw as a child with my Great aunt & all the nieces  
Excellent Historical Drama. Seven years ago, I visited the Hurst Castle in San Simian, CA and was astonished by the grandure, size, and scope of the lavish lifestyle led by 
Cool way to look at angels. I remembered this movie as having great film presence....so i got it and my memory was good. This is a happy movie even though 
Disturbing Masterpiece. To begin with, I agree completely with the previous review by David Baldwin. Released theatrically in 1964, Seance on a Wet Afternoon , wonderfully directed by Bryan Forbes, 
 Quick, Watson! The game s afoot! . If you remember the old Sherlock Holmes films with fondness, you re sure to enjoy this DVD set. It contains all 14 
Actually, it is widescreen. Although the back of the case erroneously reads 4:3, the film is shown at 1.85:1 or thereabouts  
Worth Every Penny!. I love the fact that my favorite group of all time has a DVD! Although it s a bit outdated, it still doesn t get old. Destiny 
The REAL Troy...it s about time!. I remember this series on PBS in the mid-80 s. Because ofthe way PBS scheduled its programing, there were episodesI viewed 3 or 4 
5 stars for the second DVD... This is one movie that has aged, and not that well. It was great when it came out I remember seeing it just after 
The Best Television Drama Ever. Homicide: Life on the Street is Baltimore s gritty police drama following the lives and cases of the Homicide detective of the Baltimore Police Department. 
Wonderful movie making. They don t make movies like this anymore. A great classic with an all-star cast. And they ended the movie on a politically incorrect note. Clark Gable, 
REAL SISTAS DON T PLAY, BE TRUE 2 WHO & WHAT YOU ARE!!. THIS IS 1 OF PAM GRIERS BEST MOVIES HANDS DOWN! COFFY WOULDN T BE AS MEMORABLE TO 
What s up, Doc?. Cannibal Women in the avocado jungle of death is very, very funny. The basic idea is that the USA is running short of avocados and they 
Great dancing. Really nice dancing, with some innovative moves and choreography. The dancers are definetely top notch, just like their credentials would suggest. If do not want to watch another 
The best. The best DVD by the best band ever. You ll not be dissappointed  
The Demonic Genius of the Artist. Bruno Nuytten s film on the life and times of Camille Claudel Isabelle Adjani and her mentor lover Auguste Rodin Gerard Depardieu. A well 
Powerful performances tight script = GREAT MOVIE. Is Larenz Tate one of the most slept on, talented young black actors in Hollywood today? I have to say YES!! He brings 
Coming soon on a Criterion DVD. A remarkable film, definitely one to own, but ... wait a little longer. It s coming out in September on a Criterion Collection DVD!!Here 
Looking for the Original - This is It!. This was indeed the Original Spidey from my childhood that I remember.If you remember these original installments on Saturday mornings, you re 
Excellent Performance. This concert DVD is outstanding. In my opinion, it is better than the Royal Albert Hall DVD, and far better than the Boston DVD. The camera angles focus 
look what santa left part 2. my boys left santa more milk and cookies for christmas and he left them this fantastic set of great looney tunes classics and man 
Faye and Miranda Shine in Box Set. At first I was disappointed with the Alice Fay Boxed Set. Then I watched all the films, brilliantly restored and looking as good 
My daughter loves this!. This is one of my 7yr old s favorite. This is the DVD she chooses to watch on long car trips  
Sick of waiting. I have been very patiently waiting for the release of this DVD. Meanwhile numerous other pieces of crap have made it to DVD. When is this ever 
Enlightenment from behind the counter. - REVIEWOne way or another, we as people can relate to the Jersey folks in Clerks. For me, I may not have lived in NJ, 
Great Characters and Performances Overcome Story s Weak Points. John Travolta s role as Vincent Vega in Pulp Fiction would launch not only a major comeback in his movie career 
good family flick. I first saw this movie when it aired on tv way back in 1987 when I was eleven. It is still one of my as well as 
Cheerless view of human existence. La Strada is Federico Fellini s bleak portrayal of life in post war Italy as formulated in the neo-realistic style of 1950 s European cinema. 
gets under your skin. I first saw this movie in college freshman English way back in 1974, before I knew anything about feminism or Greek myths. I had no idea 
Great Ab If your just getting started. All firm videos are great.. This Ab sculpt is no different. IF you have been working out for a while it may seem 
I can t wait for this release ;- . Another Aaron Spelling classic. It s so good and I can t wait for it to come out.In the first episode 
Scarface. Scarface is a great movie. If you like action, then you will love this movie. It is one of Al Pacino`s best performances. His character is believable. The other 
Among the best. An original and timely plot. It was well-paced, exciting with original devices. Fox was superb as the hero-villain  
A must for every little one!. I LOVE this DVD, in fact I purchased 5 to give as Baby Shower Extras!I originally taped it from HBO, and my 3 Grandchildren 
 The Greatest Of All American Composers The Duke ? Mabe. I Love This Doc,and have learned a great deal about jazz from it.i own it on vhs,and will soon 
Show This to Your Kids!. I m 18 now, but when I was much younger no more than 5 no doubt I watched this amazing film all the time. It 
Alan Bounces Back, Hilarity Ensues!. Fans of HBO s Curb Your Enthusiasm will recognize a kindred soul in the hilariously Alan Partridge, played by Steve Coogan Around the World in 
No Sense in Holding a Grudge. I am inclined to admire JU-ON because it belongs to the class of horror movies that relies principally on atmosphere to create a feeling 
Quality Issues On An Otherwise Great Cartoon. I was so excited to find out HeathCliff and the Catillac Cats, one of my favorite cartoons from the 1980 s was released 
Great music. Terrific documentary!. Even if the blues isn t your favorite music, you ll enjoy this documentary. I ve never been to Antone s club in Austin, but this 
Wonderful Fantasy-Adventure That Will Thrill Children And Adults. Jennifer Connelly Is Superb In An Early Role. This fantasy-adeventure film from 1986 is courtesy of four wonderful talents: Jennifer Connelley Once 
The First Widow. Guarding Tess is a pretty good comedy drama that becomes a fair suspense drama by the end. Nicolas Cage Matchstick Men plays a Secret Service agent in 
The Cost of War. War is always ugly. It seems to me that ever since Vietnam, we have been searching for some way to redeem ourselves from the stench of 
Shall We Dance? - Yes!!. Dancing is a passion that you either like or don t like. How many times have you heard people around you say that they love 
Identifying Problems Throughout Your Home Vol 1. I cannot say enough good about this DVD. It is an amazing resource for gaining insight and saving money in real estate. It 
Rescue Me The First Season. What can i say top notch acting,very well written,A story lines!!!!!Dennis Leary is on top of his game! Loved it all the way through!!!!!!!  
Pat and Billy. I was thrilled to see the original sound track with Knocking on Heavens door came with the DVD version.I had purchased the VCR version some years ago 
Much better than the average 3.5 star rating. I am shocked by the average ratings this volume is getting in the review section. Personally, I found this 4th volume the 
Another Great Comedy that Almost Nobody Saw. I don t know how it is that some very good movies get sidetracked when they are first released. This is one of 
It s about time! Keep them coming!. It s about time these things went on DVD. The classic episodes are great. I don t have Noggin, so up until now 
Firefly. Joss Whedon does it again! This series combined sci-fi with an old west slant. The characters and storyline developed quickly, but left you wanting more. I m sorry there 
little red riding hood for grown ups. angela lansbury wrote the screen play for this adaptation of the classic childs fairy tale little red riding hood however, this movie is 
yes!!!!!!. Stan laurel who along with oliver hardy was one of the biggest genius in the history of comedy,I am excited to see this set being released,this box set features 
Glen Gould Rocks You. What an interesting collection of meditations on the stupefying musicality of Glen Gould. This pianist is from another planet. Classical music has never been so exciting 
80 s Movies Fan :P. License to Drive Corey Feldman,Corey Haim rocks, tis a great movie just like DREAM A LITTLE DREAM,I have em both on dvds And I have 
Movie about the biggest Hungarian. I think this is a beautiful story about a man, who wanted to change his country. He was not looking for his lost money, he 
One or the Other. This is that rare case of a book ADDIE PRAY and this film, based on the book being equally good. That said, if you ve read 
It is indeed, Chato s Land. Excellent western which follows a posse on the trail of an Apache halfbreed Bronson . While he is an omnipresent aspect of the story, 
Don t let the polemicists fool you. Paradise Now is not a film about politics. Director Hany Abu-Assad creates suspense enough to make you feel like you re watching a 
A Magnificent Series. I started out by watching the The Wanderers firts and was sort of disappointed. But I still but the the OAV series. I completely and utterly love 
Murhy s Best Work, EVER!. Simply put, Eddie Murphy has made some critical errors in judgement with films. This is an exception. A grown up comedy with wit, style, grace, 
We re Going to Be Extinct. JURASSIC PARK is one of the best, if not the best, movies made about dinosaurs ever. It s also one of only a handful 
One movie, well done. When you watch the Siege, forget about 9-11, if you can. The Siege starts around a special group of FBI agents working on counter-terrorism regarding a 
SheeBee. I loved this DVD!! Very British comedy - no laugh out loud moments...just lots of chuckles. I enjoyed it very much  
American Psycho - the book 1991 and the movie 2000 . While I believe that the book is masterfully written, I kept asking myself when I was reading it whether 
RE-MAKE OF A CLASSIC GOTHIC CHILLER... This is a decent re-make of a first class, gothic chiller. It is not, however, as creepy as the 1976 original, which starred Gregory 
When I m feeling blue, all I have to do is put on Sam. I remember the first time I saw this HBO special back in 1987. I taped it 
An actual rest stop toilet is scarier. If you plan on watching Rest Stop with the intentions of being scared or shocked, save your time. If, however, you want to 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles- The movie. A highly underated classic movie, which its visual effects still hold up almost 20 years on  
Sleeper Romantic Comedy. All along she notices the handsome man at the subway but was too scared to talk to him. Until his accident and a series of misunderstandings have 
BROKEN BRIDGES. Great story line - brilliant music throughout! Toby Keith and Kelly Preston shine in this movie  
funny movie. The human race doesn t have a clue on the real war between cats and dogs.Cats are James Bond type villans trying to take over the world and 
very funny but don t try to take it seriously. I love this movie and it has gained somewhat of a cult standing amongst several of my friends since we 
I ve rented this so many times, I have to buy it now. I love this film, beautifully simple and human. The characters are real; flawed yet somehow you find 
Moving and Important Epic in Every Way. Peter O Toole is the enigmatic T.E. Lawrence. It is an indelible performance. The entire film is mesmerizing and captivating from the opening 
Leo Kottke Home & Away Revisited DVD - AMAZING!. I watched this as soon as it arrived at my doorstep, and was I ever floored! It is great to see 
That s Hacking and Scooby- Snacking!. On the Feature 4 5 :Just another 1 hour long episode of What s New Scooby doo? ; Still it has a great comeback 
Goodbye to You. With this set of DVDs, The Seven year adventure of Buffy the Vampire Slayer finally comes to an end. Coming off the most fan-hated season to date, 
One of the best rock films to date. Very few movies based on rock albums are ever any good. Quadrophenia is the exception to this theory. Considering the relative inexperience 
Laugh A Minute. For all those Matthew Broderick lovers out there, this is the film for you. I am not a big Matthew Broderick fan myself but i do like 
Very good for viewers who don t always need to take sides. What I like most about this film is its characters. There s a Harvard professor, a depressed psychologist, 
Witherspoon & Rudd - A Wildly, Funny Romantic Comedy. What a great movie! If you want to just have a good time, Overnight Delivery will deliver in an evening 87 
This movie... This movies is so good! I love it; this is one of those movies where you can sit down with yoiur family over and over again. It is 
A U2 Fan Must Own. I ve been a U2 fan since their early years. You ll read many philosophical reviews and in-depth disections here, but my point of view 
Lots of safe family fun. I read the other reviews for GAH Season Two and was amazed at the depth the other reviewers go into.While the in-depth reviews are sometimes 
A Review of the Special Edition Features. I would rate the show as 5 stars, this is a review of the extras and features of the Special Edition issue.I recently 
Beatty Takes Control. Heaven Can Wait is a remake of Here Comes Mr. Jordan. In the original Joe Pendleton is a boxer but in this film Joe Pendleton Warren Beatty 
The Good, the Bad & the Bloody!. This set contains the films Zombie Holocaust , Burial Ground & Flesheater . Zombie holocaust and Burial ground are essintles for any Zombie 
Hilarious!. If you haven t seen this movie, treat yourself. It is truly funny! I have watched it so many times and never get tired  
A great laugh. Without a doubt this is the funniest Australian movie of all time. I have watched it so many times I almost know it off by heart. This 
The perfect combination of Funny and cool!. I ve never seen the movie it s self,but I saw it on Kids WB once and really liked it! Although Ash lost 
A TRUE COLLECTOR S FEAST.... This exquisite collection has three never on DVD before Davis films, plus re-done editions of Whatever Happened to Baby Jane? and Jezebel . Also included 
excellent. Product was in great condition. I got the product quickly and was very satisfied.  
Annie on Film- She s Not the Broadway Classic. I had only seen Annie Get Your Gun on television once when I was a kid and it was horribly edited 
Unreal. This documentary is really beyond description. Our system works, sort of. Disturbing and interesting  
Were you in high school in the 80s?. Hysterically funny perspective on transitioning from high school to adulthood. John Cusack delivers a terrific performance as does Minnie Driver and Joan 
delight and a wonderfully light-hearted romp. Working in the vein of magical realism, director Shohei Imamura spins a yarn of Yosuke Koji Yakusho , an unemployed salaryman who lives on 
Just what a movie should be!. This movie takes you away for 90 minutes into the arms of someone who can deliver a line so effortlessly you forget he is 
Now I ve officially seen Khaaannnn!!!. I m foremost a Star Wars fan, with the Star Trek universe being very foreign to me. But this movie along with Search for 
Worthwhile and realistic coming out portrayal. Coming out rarely happens when a boy wants it to, nor is it typically on his own terms. It is usually a result of 
Classic movie that made them all big stars. Considerng the adult humor and partial nudity, I was lucky as a kid to even be allowed to watch this movie on 
A top-notch thriller with gorgeous picture quality!. This review is for the 2004 release of the Universal Studios DVDThe story opens in San Francisco with Philip Raven Alan Ladd killing 
Great workout for lower body, back, and abs. I bought this DVD along with the Kathy Smith: Pilates for the Lower Body DVD, and this one is a much better 
Take a dip in the Ocean . I m not a 15 year old girl, and i absolutely LOATHE Laguna Beach and its fakeness, but i really enjoyed the first 
Extra,Extra!. This movie is good and funny.If you are in a bad mood this movie will lift you up.I know everyone s favourite part in this movie is when O 
I. Want. More!!!. I guess I m spoiled. I was addicted to Old 97 s playing live dives in Dallas in the Mid 90 s. Went to every show I 
David Lynch s Best. Darkly Violent and Sadistically Sad the way true love really is. Over the top performances from Cage and Dern, but to me Diane Ladd stoled the 
peeling away the layers. the art of alex grey is very much like the hiroglyphs of the ancient egyptians.so much information about the true functions of man and our relationship 
Funny little man. It is perhaps the funniest film I have ever watched since the white chicks. This is the film which you can take, proudly, to your friends or 
Finally... I have been waiting forever for this movie to come on Region 1 Format. Now, it s finally here. This is a great movie based on the story of 
A movie that creeps up on you. This is one of those movies that creeps up on you. It starts slowly, but it builds up very well, and I found 
Hard edged noir crime drama. Director Joseph Lewis clearly demarcated the line between good and evil in his murky and shady film noir The Big Combo . Aided by prominent 
Wedding Date. The item came in a timely matter, excellent condition and the movie is wonderful. A fun love always wins movie  
Something to learn every time. I disagree with the reviewer who thinks one viewing of this film is enough. I learn something new every time I see it.It wasn t 
Wow! You ve got to see this. This is an amazing true story of a woman with many personalities. Just to journey through the different parts of Sybil s life 
Modern masterpiece!. Karl Billy Bob Thorton is a mentally challenged former killer that done a serious crime 25 years ago has been released back home. While he s there he 
well thought out, endearing. The Incredibly True Adventure of Maria Magenti making a gem of a movie for only 65,000 dollars. I think this would be an apt title. I 
Nice,Charming,Entertaining. I love this movie though it s not one of my favourites.This movie has a style.You cannot guess until the end of it.The plot is so charming,and the directing 
He hates these cans!. Steve Martin s first starring movie role and arguably his best. Very silly and would be pretty un-pc nowadays, especially compared to his recent movies. All 
forget the loud crude remake and see this quite good original. william castle was one of the best b-movie makers there was along with roger corman and this is one 
The best new comedy on TV with a moral message to boot. Just when I thought TV networks had forgotten what funny was, here comes Earl.This is absolutely the funniest 
Ghost Story. M. Night Shymalan s The Sixth Sense is one of his two best movies. The skill by which the development and resolution of this bizarre and chilling classic 
Hush...Hush Sweet Charlotte. This is a great movie and I am very pleased with it  
Like It Even Better on DVD. To be honest, I loved the Japanese original of this movie so much that my first watching of the American version was a little 
Forged by a god, foretold by a wizard, found by a man. A film classic based on Sir Thomas Malory s 1485 book Le Morte D Arthur . Everyone has 
What relationships and romance ought to be... This version of Jane Austen s Persuasion is an excellent example of the subtlety and warmth that is missing from modern, so-called romances. 
the second jungle book mowgli and baloo. I think this movie is cool. jamie who stars as mowgli acts just like the real thing he s really good at acting,even 
Willie Dynamite ..YOU GOTTA HAVE VISION!. This dvds existance has been a long time coming. I knocked on alot of doors asking,requesting,inquiring about this film. I even looked into purchasing 
Worth Having. I read the other amazon reviews about this show and was almost reluctant to buy it. However being a hardcore fan of Lost in Space, I bought it 
A Masterpiece. A Really Terrific Movie. Todd Solondz is a talented filmmaker and I can say that after seeing only one of his films. I saw Happiness a few months 
How Much is Enough?. It seems to me there s a certain type of photographic quality in most of the 80s movies that sets them apart from any other era. 
Samurai Champloo & Kung Faux are good to go!. Come and get it! Samurai Champloo & Kung Faux are building bridges between hip hop & Asian pop culture. Are you 
musical magic. Thank God for this essentially preserved movie version of the stage hit by one of my all time favorite broadway actresses Gwen Verdon. She just lights up the 
A classic!. A great movie addition or gift or if you like movies with the likes of Ben Stiller, Vince Vaughn, Will Ferrell, etc  
 I see. You re one of those boring maniacs who s going to gloat, hmm? . Well, maniacs or no, the good folks involved in the production of this 
Surprisingly Fun Cardio and Lower-Body Toning. This is an enjoyable, well-executed intermediate-level workout. I agree with a previous reviewer who indicated that this is not a pure cardio workout but 
Fantastic. Meghan White makes this DVD one of the best workout DVDs I have ever bought. Her personality shines and makes everything flow smoothly. She really connected with me and 
I Love Milo and Otis. If you ever want to see a great movie about determination and heart, best friends forever, and some action filled fun. For you animal enthusiasts, 
Great movie. This is a great movie. I think Al Pacino and Robin Williams definitely clicked in this movie. The plot was excellent and Pacino shows why he is one 
ANOTHER BEAUTIFUL WOMAN. For those who prefer brief reviews: IRIS starring Judi Dench and Kate Winslet is a heart-wrenching film that speaks splendidly of LOVE: joys & sorrows all-in-one.Images of 
One of the Better Allen Films. When first watching this film, it was akin to a voyeur, a fly on the wall, a third party witnessing the painful yet swift 
Two s a Company, THree s a Crowd . Sex Crimes 101 . Film Noir at it s Best. Lies, Betrayal, Deception, Sexual Eroticism. All through the movie You dont 
Greatest show on earth. Best comedy since BBCs The Office. Fantastic details. Can watch it over and over again, and discover new things every time  
Stands the test of time. This is not a great movie, but a good one. And it certainly stands the test of time. I watched it again the other day 
Immense. This film creates an impossible challenge for this reviewer: to convince one how important, even essential, the movie is to coming to terms not only with modern art, but 
Tan Dun s Map Leads to Treasure. I am a rookie when it comes to the music of Tan Dun. I bought the DVD of The Map simply because it 
Great Show!. I agree with the reviewer who said season five was an improvement from season four. I love all seasons, but I was never crazy about the fourth season--I 
One of the best thrillers in recent years. David Mamet shows the extent of his talent as a writer and director with Spartan, a superior thriller with all the right 
NOW THIS IS A GREAT WRESTLING DVD. I GOT THIS FOR X-MAS IN 2004. AND I WAS SO HAPPY I GOT IT!!! IT TALKS ABOUT THE WARS BETWEEN WWE AND 
to the late brian pillman one of the best high flyers in wrestling. thank you wwe vince for making another great dvd box set and also stone cold I got 
Oh Yeah!!. Opera aka Terror At The Opera was the first Argento movie I ever saw. It was fantastic! Great storyline, great gore, great Argento style. This movie flowed, music 
Without a doubt, the definitive version of Blade Runner. While I ve always loved Blade Runner, the so-called Theatrical Cut was seriously marred by narration that was hilariously blunt in 
life in highschool. The chocolate war shows how when one group of people try to control students through terror and blackmail they can end up controling the school as the 
me love movie. it a very good movies, especially if u have the new dvd you can acutally see two different movies, everything is the same but some on the 
A Must Have. This is truly a must have for any Pink Floyd fan. While there is no contact between members, there is no talk of prior group problems, each 
Great Korean War Aviation movie. Lots of F-86 air combat video and a good cast  
The perfect romantic epic!!!. I can t believe how underrated this movie is! I never saw it because I had never really heard much about it, but when I finally 
No problem. got the item ordered in a very timely manner, plays great. will order Season 3 in the future  
I love this movie very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very much!. There s no denying that this was one of those movies that 
One of my all-time favorite sitcoms!. Although the show ran throughout the 70s, its appeal is still lasting today, in the story of Mary Richards and her eclectic co-workers in 
A Rare Classic. You practically never see Andy Griffith in a film. Noted for his roles as Andy Griffith and Mattlock, many might think him one dimensional. Although it s 
Perfect, but not quite. It is wonderful to see these films finally being released on DVD! The prints are bright, colorful and clean and the soundtracks are sound better than 
Really good truckin movie. Maximum Overdrive is not the greatest horror film to the average movie critic. But if u r like me u will enjoy this. I love it 
A Job Well Done is Worth Buying. I remember when I was younger and watched the 1987 Hallmark version, and was too young to understand the low quality acting portrayed 
No easy ride, here. There were two reasons I saw this movie when it first came out: great car chases and Vic Morrow. Then, later, I spotted a tennis-player friend 
Woody s Greek Fantasy. Warm and Funny. Buy It. `Mighty Aphrodite , written, directed, and starring Woody Allen seems to be the kind of movie Allen makes after he is 
BRAVO. Finally theres one guy who has enough guts to stand up alone in this blind world.I give Mr.Icke a definitely 5  
Dude this rocks. Man,all these adults say it sucks but,hey,what do they know about kids movies?Yo this movie rocks hard,i m 12 and i love it.Growl power baby!yeah,you should definaltly 
I want the DVD. I have searched the net high and low for this movie on DVD, I can t understand why it isn t available.....pleeeeeeeeeeese someone put it on 
Great suspense movie. What really surprised me about this movie, released in 1988, was that the bad guys are Middle-Eastern. Who da thunk it?  
Could have been great. This is what happens when you re working with a limited budget. The story has real potential. The characterizations were good but not great. A marriage 
Death and Transformation. This DVD contains episodes 27-30, unusual numbers for a series, occasioned this time by the four episode retrospective interlude in the middle of the series. For those 
Pablo is Awesome!!!. Pablo is probably one of the funniest stand-up comedians I have ever seen!! He makes everything 10 times funnier with all of his voice  
Loved it!. This movie was so poetic and to the heart talking about how family sticks together through the ups and downs. The movie had me in tears and I 
Good Series. The English dub is decent, but they make a lot of pop culture references. When some random elf starts talking about Celine Dion it kinda takes you out 
Perfect series....with one very minor flaw. First off, let me say Thank you to Amazon for clarifying that the great David Attenborough is the narrator for this series. No Attenborough 
IS ALREADY A CLASSIC. The only bad thing I can say about this movie is that director actor writer Billy Bob Thornton BBT will never top it. Watch the included 
WONDERFUL!!!. This is probably Jackie Chan s best movie. It has it all; action, comic relief, and a great story line. Highly recommended to all fans of Jackie  
A Small Masterpiece from the Makers of Kong. Cooper and Schoendsack were filmmakers who had life experience incorporated in their movies.They were adventurers who took personal risks to obtain footage 
Daddy Long Legs. Rapid delivery - in excellent order. Would purchase from this buyer again  
 Love is geranimo. It gives you wings. . Mel gibson is a taxi driver at night, who is your basic, average, paranoid, new yorker, worker, secret newspaper writer. He 
Enjoyable movie for all ages. As any parent knows, when your child likes a movie they want to watch it over and over and over...etc. This is a movie that 
Break out the popcorn, skip the ebola. Outbreak opens in the 1960s in Africa, as American doctors arrive to a remote community that has been wiped out by a lethal 
Muppet Treasure Island is a Treasure. Jim Henson s Muppet version of RLS s Treasure Island, this movie is certainly a treasure to own. The only thing the maker s 
Vintage Bava!. Italian Giallo s are an acquired taste. If you like one, most likely you ll like most of them if they re done correctly. Mario Bava was a 
A Classic Comedy, and Deservedly So. Once upon a time a fabulous group of actors got together to star in a frothy comedy set in the Italian Riviera: Rock Hudson, 
A QUESTION OF JUSTICE. While PRESUMED INNOCENT is competent filmmaking, one can t help but look at the star system and see how a talented actress like Bonnie Bedelia is 
Still moving. For some reasons that I do not understand myself, I watched this 89 movie only now, although I have liked several other Weir movies a lot,like Master and 
Where the arrow falls down, I will be buried with Marian!. Richard Lester will cross over the story as a fabulous storyteller: Petulia and Robin and Marian are without any 
Coppola s finest. This is meticulous filmmaking, and it succeeds.The film begins with a faraway scene, leading into a public square and leading in turn into a broken conversation, and 
The Essence of Truth through Exceptional Storytelling. Rather captivating in its own right this film is thought provoking. The metaphorical juxtaposition of mans internal struggle with his natural surroundings is 
Can we get this guy for president?. I m starting to think that the number one requirement for the job of president should be acting experience. We seem to do 
cant... stop... watching. this is the best cop drama i haver seen, it s dark with out beeing depresing, and totaly involving.  
This movie is not meant for critical thinking. Except for the segment on Alzheimer s Disease, this should be a movie where excitement and verve take center stage. Sure, it 
HEARTWARMING TALE. It would be hard not to like a film whose heart and intentions are so well grounded. RADIO tells the true story of a mentally challenged young man 
A Mew-sing. Our local membership store was selling this for 3.36 and, as the neighborhood cat person, I bought it solely on that basis. We re not Steven King fans 
review of Tina Turner s All the Best . This by far is the best collection of Tina s work. If your a Tina Turner fan this DVD is a 
The movie that started it all. BY itself it is a great SF movie and still worth watching today  
Penn and Teller. I am a college instructor and I use Penn and Teller to teach critical thinking. It gets the students attention and they remember to ask for evidence. 
More banter bout the Panther... Yes, it s true that there s no Inspector episodes or Ant and Aardvark episodes. I wish these Pink Panther episodes were available intact just 
The O Neel. Every episode a girl could want of Jack O Neel doing his thing! Richard Dean Anderson s acting & involvement in this series made it all happen 
Awesome flick, but not for the faint of heart.... I first saw this movie when I was very small with my older brother. Later on, as I began really getting 
Excellent Surf Flick!. This is an excellent surf flick. My only knock about it is the fact that it s way too short of a film. That being said, the 
Kurosawa and Mifune s Final Masterpiece. This movie is a real departure for the director, Akira Kurosawa, in that it blends his humanistic inspirational-type movies, like Ikiru with a bit 
KURT RUSSELL IS STILL A VERY STRONG ACTOR!!! GO KURT!!!. THIS IS A DVD THAT I THOUGHT WAS DATED. NOT! IT WAS MADE IN 2002 3, AND DESERVES WIDE VIEWING. 
Dont Forget. The other reviewers said pretty much all I would want to say.. Its Great But, this film also has a sountrack sort of by none other than Laurie 
One of the Best Ever. As a self confessed RN fan, this is is on my top ten list of favorite movies of all time. More for the way it 
Anime Perfection. This anime is amazing. The pacing is perfect. The story is perfect. The characters--well you know the characters. The puzzles are great. The only tiny thing missing was 
Wish I could go too. I enjoyed the movie very much. Since I love the idea of knights and castles during the middle ages and as Merrick says when men 
Great Eye Candy - Four Spy Spoofs of the 60s. Apparently there is more than one version of this set on the market. One may be the unedited, widescreen Sony 
A very satisfying film. I haven t seen any other of Arthur Penn s films, but I enjoyed this one as a start. The script is great, as is the 
Sadly Overlooked Action Adventure Comedy. Christian Slater s character reminds me of a young Jack Nicholson, who replaces his brother on the Police Force after he is murdered. I was 
An interesting look at Megadeth. If you re a Megadeth fan, you ll love this DVD: that s the bottom line. A lot of it won t be new to 
James Never Hated Wilona. I love the ongoing friendly fued between James and Wilona. It s great comedy the way they take jabs at each other. The same with siblings 
Best Show Ever. Hilarious. Simply hilarious. This show is genius, one of the smartest and funniest comedies ever. I am shocked it was cancelled after 3 seasons and amazed that 
Some days you just can t get rid of an old TV show. Seeing as I m a huge Bat-Fan hence the name , I was immensely entertained by this 
One of the best!. Baby Einstein is great overall, and Baby Mozart and Baby Beethoven are probably the best  
This is great. My 2 year old just loves this DVD.. She already knew how to count but hearing dora and boots count through their travels is reinforcing her skills. 
Quantum Leap - The Complete Second Season. This is a great sci-fi show, I enjoy watching it, and ad it to my collection  
Dance On. First, let me start off by saying I think the casting choices for this movie were perfect. I had doubts that the movie would be any good, because 
This is a good deal. This is my wife s favorite Christmas TV show. When I was researching buying the Rudolph DVD, I noticed that a lot of people were 
A Fun Movie To Watch. Truth be told, the only reason I bought this movie was because my favorite actor, John Carson, was in it. All in all, it s 
Very Scary :P. Although I am not a Scary movies s Fan,I ve bought Evil Dead Trilogy,They re Funny,Scary And The greatest Horror movies I ve ever Seen Since The 
Somebody Give me Five on the Black Hand Side!!!!!. I had a chance to see this movie over this past weekend and I must say I found this movie very 
An American in London. There is a strange ambiance in this movie, as if we were dealing with spies in an Cold War era..You would expect Keitel s character to 
The final combat against the boyars!. This landamrk film keeps of course the acidity of his bitter significance around the brutal conflict, aroused by inner rivalries between Ivan and the 
one of the best Criterion DVD sets I own. I ve owned the original Criterion version of Seven Samurai. It was nice owning this fantastic movie, especially since it had 
Amazing. This movie depicted what I believe really happens. It was a very bold move for Hollywood. I wish they would do more  
So glad I got it!!. You know how videos can be...I am usually a pessimist, but gave a try on this one after reading the reviews. I am SO glad 
Crude but funny Christmas comedy. Willie Stokes Billy bob Thornton is a bitter, cynical, foulmouthed, womanising drunk. Every year he takes a job as a department store santa, and every 
Paris: A City of Three Tongues. Paris Texas: It does not matter which Paris comes to mind at the mention of the city because it is an etheral illusion which 
classic Depp. even those who may not agree with Depp s life choices have to appreciate his acting ability. Blow is one of those great films which really gives him 
A Cool Flick. Oh yes this good and I love the series. The other film was just better but this one has its high points also. You really have to 
This is an OLD SCHOOL MOVIE!!!. I just love it because it brings back my childhood when I use to watch this when I was younger... It cracks me up 
Inferno. Apparently, Inferno began life as a much simpler story involving some kind of emergency at a drilling installation, with the Doctor trying to stave off disaster. But the story 
A Classic. This was one of the most notorious movies of the 20th century--references to it even made Mad Magazine in the 1970s, surely proof of its universal reputation as 
Ballet Russes - Better than Great. I am a lover of ballet, so after I saw the movie, I couldn t wait to own a copy. This movie is absolutely 
A Classic!. I definitely think this is one of the best Fridays. The girls in this were all gorgeous!!! I would like to see the alternate ending on this one. 
Its Robocop!. Its Robocop, who doesnt like them, evreyone should just have them. So go buy it ! lol It even has an extended version of the first movie  
Wonderful Family Friendly Movie!. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys fairy tales. Liam Aiken does a fantastic job of acting and the movie is touching and 
Pleased. The DVD was promptly shipped, and in excellent condition. I would recommend this seller to anyone  
Classic!!! Movie: 5 5 - DVD: 4 5. This is one of those movies with high replay value pretty rare nowadays ; you can watch it over and over again 
Fantastic!. This picture requires intellect. If you have none then this is not the picture for you. It has the usual steamy scenes and the great suspense but it has 
Denis Austin. I love her - she is spunky - sometimes to a fault - but she gets me moving. This tape is more fun than other exercise. I haven 
The GIG continues... Now that Section 9 is up and running again, their skill can be put to good use. Crisis is growing in Japan as whispers of war and 
Better than I expected. Myself and my wife watched this on Sky Box Office last night as another channel keeps re-running the same NCIS episodes over and over again, so 
wwe wreslemania collection. The matches were great and so were the the story lines but there are way too many editorials on the dvd s they should have atleast made 
Greatest movie ever. What can I say? This is my favorite movie. Don t buy it tho unless your a deep thinker that sees lots of depth in zombie movies. 
THE MANY FACES OF JACK RYAN. I really like this collection particularly because there are many Jack Ryans in these movies. Depending on the movie actor, the facets of the 
Sublime-inal. Sublime is one of those movies that I really enjoyed watching at the time, but which lowered a bit in my estimation the more I thought about it later. 
Tha 70s sensibility. This movie harks back to the great action pictures of the 70s. It has that look. Ronin is tense, tautly directed, yet still filled with harrowing chases 
great. such a kiddie classic..so cute im 22 and had to have this because i loved it as a ki  
My Review. Excellent family classic! My dad is a big fan of Sidney Potier and enjoyed recieving this movie as a gift.  
Only You. This is the season that started it all. The simpsons is pure classic all the way. The simpsons are to primetime cartoons as Al Stewart is to 70 
Best version of Gustave Flaubert s controvesial novel to date... Emma Bovary, married to a stolid, unromantic doctor longs for a life both more passionate and upper class than her 
Captures Batman better than any other movie. I have watched and own all of Batman the Animated Series and I have to say Kevin Conroy IS the definitive Batman. So 
A wonderful surprise. I watched this movie on an airplane and was surprised by how captivating it was. It was an overnight flight to the UK and my intention was 
My favourite French movie. Of course this is not the best movie in the world, or even the best French movie. But it is entirely life-enhancing, and shows Truffaut s 
Best Football DVD Ever!. This is my favorite sports bloopers DVD. I like the part where the mascot pulls the reffs pants off and it only shows him in his 
A great movie. The movie is a great one. It shows how through literature, you can open peoples minds, to show them a way of thinking that they may not 
An over-the-top romance featuring Patricia, Johnny and big, sharp knives, with a fine Michael J. Fox and lots of special effects. The room was full. Almost everybody had filled their 
Funny, intelligent and totally outrageous. I nearly fell on the floor laughing the first time I saw this movie and the only thing that stopped me from rolling around on 
everyone should watch!. unbelievable that another human being could do such a horrific thing! depressing, but realistic. everyone should see this, gay or straight. discrimination is alive and well in 
Inter-ethnic love was forever impossible in colonial Britain. The English will go on harping on their colonial past for quite many decades still. That past is for them a source 
Bleak and despairing.... This is a great film, but it is very depressing and probably the bleakest film of Eastwood s career. Many have said that Clint s film, Million 
HistoryBuff. This is an achingly intense and visually stunning movie that has been one of my favorites for years. The role of Tristan was MADE for Pitt, and Aidan Quinn 
Mesmerizing film !. It is told with certain frequency the most remarkable film against the war in the fifties was Paths of Glory . Undoubtly , that film is one 
Good Fun - the Kids and I Liked It. This is a great show and very entertaining. The story isn t the Greek classic, but it s a fine riff 
Fantastic!. The Night Of The Iguana has always been my favorite of the films based on Tennessee Williams plays and it s great to see it on this sharp and 
better than I expected. I really liked this one... can t wait for next season to be released.  
Defines black humor. This is a witty, morbidly funny movie. It s weak in spots, andthe occult &quot;magician&quot; comments in Michael Caine s voice-over narration is perhaps a little misplaced. 
They re horrible, but I still think it s hilarious. Yeah, I know, the girls aren t very good role models, and some of the stunts they pull are horrible, 
Excellent set of movies. Once in a while, a cheap production value shows a shadow that shouldn t be there, or some other tidbit that could be nitpicked. Bluntly, if 
Bad DVD quality. Showtime has been airing a good looking letter boxed print of this film. I recommend watching that instead of buying the poor quality full frame DVD  
A bit about A Bit of... I love British comedy and I loved Stephen Fry and Hugh Laurie in Jeeves and Wooster... so I expected this to be just as 
GD s Videos. NOTE:This review is strictly for the videos, not the songs.Longview 5 5As you can see, this video doesn t have much hipe or potential. I like the 
brings back fond memories. Watching Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea for the first time in about thirty years, was great,its amazing that I still remembered some of the 
Very organised material!!. Although the footage does not include recent plays, it is a very good effort. For young guys I believe it is a great school..  
Finally,Val Lewton s Classic RKO Horror Films on DVD. First,let me tell you that I own the Val Lewton Collection on laserdisc yeah I know,what s a laserdisc--a laserdisc was 
Bogart, A Wisp Of Jasmine And An Acceptable Noir. Captain Warren Rip Murdock Humphrey Bogart and his friend Sergeant Johnny Drake William Prince are on their way to Washington right 
9 is Fine. The people who don t like this movie are either jealous or prude or midget-minded. This is the very essence of what independent cinema should be. The 
The good beats the bad parts. I enjoyed this film for the most part. The action sequences of sword slashing and the escape moves were really good. I didn t 
:0 . I think Mark Wahlberg can have that little tiny comedic side to him love the cast, the action, the plot and the movie will add to collectio  
Nice collection. The best is The Long, Long Trailer but the others are great movies too. Nice having the movies Lucy and Desi s made together in one set. Recommended 
When westerns were westerns. It is nice to see the good guys come together to help the ones who need it with being paid for it. No dirty language, sex 
Betrothal in a Monastery. Operas composed in the 20th centurywere rarely ever funny. This isProkofiev one more time ashe did with his first symphonypaying his respects to the past.This story 
A Great star in the making. Seldom do you hear someone with so much passion and feeling, as well as a great voice. I get chills down my spine every 
T.Hawkls Trick Tips Vol 1:Skateboarding Basics. My 12 year old son is very happy with this DVD saying he &quot;wished he had found it a long time ago.&quot; Each trick 
Evil Candy. Jawbreaker is the movie to watch if you want to see popular girls and their evil ways. It is hard candy s transition from sweet to killer. A 
Peter and Paul. This movie is one of the very best in the biblical ones to choose from. I would definitely not pass this one up. The acting is so 
 Extra Stars. Right now this is my standard by which to measure great film, and this edition showcases it beautifully. There is no incidental material on these two disks- 
Very good for low-budget effort. we purchased this as a souvenir of our Gettysburg trip and enjoyed watching it. It was more realistic than the reenactment altho that was also 
A True Classic. This is one terrific movie on all counts. It shows just how tough it was for those who lived during the Civil War period, especially for those, 
Super Fun. Superman - The Animated Series is a wonderul addition to any Superman fan s collection.  
A charming, family-friendly film... Long before Californians elected him as the Governator, former elite bodybuilder Arnold Schwarzenegger took Hollywood by storm as The Terminator. An overpowering figure with amazing charisma 
The not so Good Old Days . The most striking features of this little dark gem of a film that make it emminently watchable are the beautifully composed black and 
Finally....on DVD and HD DVD!. One of the greatest Flynn Flicks of all time!!!And it s Finally....on DVD! The DVD transfer is ok,not great,but just ok. The colors seem over 
GREAT MOVIE!. I WATCHED THIS MOVIE 5 TIMES THE FIRST DAY I GOT IT!IT IS SUCH A GREAT MOVIE!THIS IS MY FOURTH FAVORETE MOVIE EVER  
the ending of Cowboy Up. The ending was sad but at least Marcus Thomas didn t die. Marcus Thomas was the cutest in the movie though  
Really Great, I m Sure. I haven t seen Raven s House Party , yet! But I know it will be good just like her show and other DVD s. 
A Disturbingly Beautiful American Fruit Salad. I first saw American Beauty when it came out in theaters in 1999 and left with a less-than-satisfactory understanding of what it was all 
It was more than what I expected. Because it had manhunt which is the first version of red dragon and the first in the series. I give it two thumbs 
Familiar ground, but still entertaining. The story drags a bit in the beginning, but by the end, my wife and I ended up enjoying the movie quite a bit. The 
DISNEY VAULT. Does anyone know when and if this title is going back into the Disney vault?????Please e-mail me:anthony2004@earthlink.netThank you very much  
Great for toddlers. As a grandmother I am particular about what my grandchildren watch. When my first grandchild now age 10 was a toddler one of the two programs we 
Great Story, Fine Filmaking !!. In any list of great horror films The Most Dangerous Game will hold it s own along with it s sister RKO production King Kong 
Misses the Boat. This set is fine as far as it goes. However, where are THE STRAWBERRY BLONDE and THE OKLAHOMA KID?Warners has given other actors 6 or 7 disc 
By Far John s Best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. This is by far John Grisham s best books and movies of all. Although this was John s first book, it wasn t successful until 
A little over the top, but not bad... It s not one of my favorite movies, but Diary of a Mad Black Woman, was worth the time to watch. The 
Hilarious Movie. If you like Kelsey Grammer and probably even if you don t you will love this movie. It is without a doubt one of the best movies I 
It s Friends...what can you say?. I love Friends...it s my favorite all-time sitcom because it never fails to make me laugh. I have seen every episode multiple times and 
Cute, Funny, But sometimes slow. The title says it all. The movie had interesting and funny parts. However, the outcome was somewhat predictable. Lots of parts are funny because they 
Funny. Here is the reason why somebody like Bruce cannot be a God. Simply because the world would suck!!! And his life too. It s a very good movie. It 
P-Funk, Uncut Funk, the Bomb!. If you think P-Funk is good on record, you will hyped by seeing them in concert. Unfortunately, I never had the chance to see these 
GRRRRREAT. I BOUGHT A COPY SOME TIME AGO, AND RECENTLY PURCHASED THIS ONE FOR A FRIEND. SHE REALLY LOVED IT  
Lydia Lunch Goes Hardcore. For depraved Lydia Lunch fans, this dvd is a must-have item and not for Richard Kern s directing. In two seperate films, Lydia goes hardcore. In 
Exceptional... but just a bit different than expected. I ve never seen Barbara Cook live, but have always been a big fan. This DVD is indeed fantastic, but I was 
Great Movie for a young Bratz Fan. This was a cute movie. My daughter loves to watch it over and over. She can relate a little more with the Bratz 
Brilliant. In perfectly transferring to the screen the laconic beauty of acclaimed novelist Haruki Murakami s austere prose - an impossibly difficult task in itself - with a minimalist touch 
Fire walk away. The cult show Twin Peaks was reknowned for being weird and oddballish, but until fans have seen Twin Peaks - Fire Walk With Me, they ain t 
I ll kill a whale for you!. Like Imamura s The Eel, Dr. Akagi is a film in which likable characters and unusual circumstance come together to create scenes of 
Great Lion of God. Anthony Hopkins is totally believable as Paul, the 13th Apostle.Converted to Christianity without having known Christ personally, Paul became the most passionate of all the early 
Funny Satire. This flick has so much going for it that it is hard to know where to start. But first, I want to disagree with the reviewer who believes 
2758 Ab Urbe Condita . Would Caligula or Nero be shocked at what their city, the Eternal City, has become so many years into the distant future? Or would they 
Pioneering coming of age film for all. Like so many films that have gay themes, this film is wrongly seen by some as a homosexual coming of age story. But 
Great Time Saver. I love this tape because you can do seperate segments that are only 10 minutes each. You can hit your abs while waiting for pasta water to 
great summertime. judy garland is my favorite actress singer. this is one of my favorite movie of her s. the music is great and the movie is funny. this is 
Worth it just to see Chan almost get buzzsawed. This isn t Chan s best film, but he s made so many, that s not really saying anything. Nearly every 
Worthy of the Name... Jurassic. A surprisingly good film considering it is the third in the series, Jurassic Park III, provides another take on the well known by now paleontologist 
The Point. cute little animated movie that came out years & years ago - message of acceptance of everyones differences still relevant....the more you re different, the more you re 
Don t get a speeding ticket after watching it... Who doesn t like to drive fast? I m pretty sure everyone does. Those guys in the movies are crazy, but 
Collection does not overlap the other Best Picture collections. Unlike some of the other Best Picture Collections, this set does not have any overlap with any of the others. The 
I SAW MAN FLY. Legend,there is some good basketball playerz out there today like king james and kobe but mike took the nba to the next level,lebron you have to 
Perhaps a bit over-reaching, but still very good. This is one of those films that s so complex, multi-faceted, and thought-provoking that it really isn t fair to judge it 
Inspiring and beautiful!. What a great DVD! For me, Rumi: Poet of the Heart is just as much about Coleman Barks as it is about Rumi. Mr. Barks has the 
 SCARY MOVIE 2 MOVIE SONGS!. HI!:- HOW ARE YOU?haha WELL, i m spanish and my english is very bad but...XD i need help with a SONG of this movie, 
Tae Bo Kicks. My son loves this workout. He s 10 and really gets into it  
Excellent DVD Choice. This trilogy is an excellent set that will have you sitting on the edge of your seat  
Big Kenny Fan. I have 2 of Kenny s DVDs, and this is by far the best one. Being in Australia, it s hard to get these types of products. 
Slater gives a flawless performance and his best ever. this movie is about Christian Slater Heathers, True Romance who plays Hard Harry the pirate radio man of his pirated show. 
A Super Hero brother with Attitude. Need I say more?. Gotta support the brother. I think Michael Jai White is a great fighting and is wonderful in this movie. I 
AKA message from Mars. The movie was made in a time when everyone was into the red scare. A nuclear family has the means and knowledge to build a device 
Comedy at its Best. This may be an old film the the comedy and appeal never gets old! This film has even be used in a scientific study about the 
Perfect. This item was exactly what i ordered in the exact condition that i ordered it in. Would definitly do business with seller again! Thank yo  
This is my favorite Disney sing-along video. I ve seen almost every sing-along video, not the new dvd s that there are. This is one of my favorites. It has 
I Love This Workout!. I purchased this workout DVD on the recommendation of my sister. She was right on when she told me it was a good workout. I sweat 
Ruthlessly Original. I love this film.This movie has more satirical content than any other sci-fi parody I d ever seen before.It s great to see the interplay between Wil Smith 
Wonderful DVD for Kids. My son who is 18 months just likes the music very much. It is wonderful dvd to hav  
A SOUTH PACIFIC TO LOVE. Having grown up back when the dreadful South Pacific movie was popular, I would have never believed that I would ever be able to enjoy 
Excellent film adaptation. Charles Dickens triumphs once more. This excellent film adaptation of the masterpiece novel manages to be somewhat dark, gritty, and mysterious, and still maintain quirky memorable characters 
I love it!!. I love this dvd. The wild Thorberrys and The Rugrats go great together. The Thornberrys and the Rugrats can really relate to each other. Angelica is just 
Very good DVD. Tiling is a big job, but there is no need to be intimidated. Here s a good DVD for the novice tiler. If you are thinking about 
Early Noir. An unspectacular crime drama starring Alan Ladd as a psychopath killer who gets mixed up with Veronica Lake as they track down a man named Gates for different 
BEATLE FEST. IF YOU ARE A BEATLE FAN THIS IS A MUST SEE. ITS FUN AND THE MUSIC CAN T BE BEA  
Robin of Locksley. The film it self was good and the quilty of the dvd was wonderful  
All collections are sure to entertain and recommended for public libraries and family collections alike. Four DVDs in the Thomas & Friends series are sure to delight young viewers ages 
Guided by Voices: The Envitable End to One of Music s Most Creative Bands. Guided by Voices is a band I have been listening to for a long time. Since 
ANOTHER FORD CLASSIC!!. I have a review of this film under the John Wayne-John Ford Collection ,a set of eight Wayne -Ford classics that include: Fort Apache ,They Were Expendable 
One of Belushi s Best. Very entertaining movie that kept me chuckling all the way through. One of Jim Belushi s better movies  
Ferngully is relevant even t oday...... With our world so much in trouble this kiddie movie is still as relevant today as when it was made, even more so...we really 
Wonderful storyteller and speaker. Wish I could give this DVD 10 stars. Highly recommended  
Great workout for strength, flexibility and cardio. I have used this particular tape dvd for 9 years. I think it is a challenging workout. If I m doing other cardio, 
Great Movie!. This was an all time favorite of ours. The perfect cast for a great movie  
for Maria Braun only. One of the greatest films I have seen. The dialogue is razor sharp, even in subtitles, which is itself an amazing, perhaps unintended, achievement. The story 
Mass Deception. This is a great film--the acting, writing, and directing are superb. Especially noteworthy was John Turturo--his performance was great! The others were also excellent. The story was believable 
Just what I needed!. I m a mom of 2 kids and finding time for a workout is really a problem. With Denise s workouts which are quick and fun, 
Stevie Ray Vaughn and Double Trouble Live From Austin. This is a great two concert disc. Seeing the way that Stevie Ray evolves from the earlier concert where he is 
The second gem of Pier Paolo!. Visionary account of the multiple Jesus conflicts related with ambition, greed and above all social injustices. Shot and immersed in the same spirit that 
Super 1990s film noir. This film is undoubtedly one of the tops from the 1990s and certainly the best from 1997. The cast is impeccable. How can you beat Guy 
IT S BEEN A LONG TIME COMING !. WHEN I VIEWED THIS ITEM FOR SALE ON AMAZON I WAS SPEECHLESS. I DIDN T WASTE A SECOND PLACING MY ORDER...I SIMPLY 
 low-impact introduction to tv media for non-media kids. We ve avoided introducing our two-year old daughter to any regular tv video watching until recently. We found the videos from 
support your local sheriff. still make`s me laugh, say this at the drive in when it first came ou  
This film gets it right. This is exactly what I am talking about. This film gets it right. The entire film is about people. It has characters and it has 
Just as I remember it... This is a great DVD. Produced well, great sound, and really captures the essence of the tour. If you saw the concert, it will allow 
starchaser-legend of orin. This is a cartoon that is so good ,it makes you forget that it IS a cartoon. The story is well writen and easy to follow. It 
I liked it. This movie has a lot of action and suspense, but it is pretty predictable. Harrison Ford still gives the role a little something that makes it magic. 
ALL ACTION ACTORS MUST WATCH OUT....TONY JAA s GOING TO BE NUMBER 1 REAL SOON. Tom Yum Goong or Warrior King or The Protector is Tony JAA 2nd Famous following 
Fun, well done. There is something about this movie that makes people want to write reviews longer than the tax code but suffice to say, if you ve seen enough 
LONG LIVE THE VIKINGS!. This is true norse metal at its finest, real epic sags are infused into the music and lyrics. Any heavy fan of this genre will appreciate 
Wonderful but not 5 star material. I was thoroughly entertained with this 4-DVD set, basically because Dyn-o-Mutt was a character i had always laughed my you know what off at. 
PAUL GRILLEY S ANATOMY OF YOGA. I found this dvd informative and easy to understand. The dvd was well organized and easy to navigate. Paul Grilley s lectures combined with 
Carries on the Tradition in Grand Style. I saw my first movie, Sharpe s Gold on A&E and became hooked. I am currently on my quest to collect the entire 
Where you sink to after you ve already reached the bottom. This excellent movie is a powerful and disturbing depiction of a defeated Japanese army unit on Leyte in 1945 
Die Hard fans will like this. This set contains some of the best action movies to hit the big screen. Bruce Willis will be remembered by most as John McClane, 
Give Bob and David your money. I keep telling my friends and peers to watch this show. The people on Mr Show take comedy seriously, and their efforts pay off. 
Goldfinger is #1. James Bond at his best and #1 always. Sean is the best bond ever. Smooth and cool...especially with all the gadgets. This movie will shake you not 
A Long-time Bear Fan s Dream. I purchased this item as a gift for someone who has been a Chicago Bears season ticket holder for 40-some years. He knows the 
Movie. Good movie, have always been a fan of michael douglasagain he has done some fine work  
Spectacular!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1. This show was the best ever, there hasn t been a show to replace it yet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Foxy Brown. Foxy Brown was the total package. She was fine, sexy, intelligent and could kick some butt. Long before women were seen as strong, independent and capable Pam Grier 
Great Satire. The film is a humorous look at a beauty pagent in small town america. You follow each contestant around and learn about their lives and what promoted them 
Good fun!. My favorite westerns. Both are very well done and quite funny. I ve seen them a hundred times  
Hilarous. My husband and I love this series and enjoy every silly antic. A great escape back in time to TV series without vulgarity and acceptable for the whole family 
Passion Passion: Realistic, Unrealistic, Educational, and Politically Incorrect. Reflections on The Passion of Christ:Inundated by the sound and the fury of endless media discussions about Mel Gibson s Passion of 
SO FAR....The Best. I don t consider this set to be the ultimate, but until something better comes out, it s the best you can find. I would have liked 
The worst that you can say about God is that basically he is an underachiever. This is the only movie that I really like, made by woody allen,but is one 
Keep rollin. Loved the series and love the DVD. I am A 53 year old woman who loved watching Mushie and Wishbone and Gil and Pete in the 50 s. 
The beautiful worlds we create within ourselves. Talk To Her is a movie about loneliness, the fragile connections between human beings, and the worlds we create within ourselves. Benigno is 
Jari Love is Great!!!. Jari Love s videos have to be my favorite so far. She has good form and leads a great workout. There is always room for taking 
Great Fun!. Woody Allen, as always, a genius that desnudes the humans soul. He tells the miseries and the greats of common people in an ironic but funny way, that 
Smart, Sassy, and Wicked!. Smart AND sassy, this movie is a classic! The plot is wicked, and the actresses definitely bring it . I m 32 and I LOVE this 
If you love her, let her go... Sofia Coppola takes on conformity in a black comedy about a house of five young girls who are just trying to reach out 
Welcome Jay and Gina!. The 1979-80 season,the second of ABC s Happy Days spinoff Mork & Mindy inaugurated Jay Thomas and Gina Hecht into the cast. Remo DaVinci Thomas moved 
The Delfonics. The is a great movie based on the novel Rum Punch who s main character is a caucasian stewardess working for an arms and drug dealer. She transfers 
Great suspense!. DOA is the film that brought together Dennis Quaid &amp; Meg Ryan. Both are superb in this remake and one of the movies that showed Dennis REALLY could 
Absolutely love this movie... Albeit a bit low-budget with some scene gaffes continuity mistakes, it s enjoyable just the same. I won t say much about the film as the 
A Glimpse of a Navy-created hell. Its obvious from watching this film that its a lower budget, made-for-cable movie that isn t bad, though could always stand to be better. 
Great Copy. Just one of those classics I m in the mood for once in a while, and needed to replace my VHS version. Excellent copy on cd, very happy 
Great Product. I received this product earlier than I expected, and it was in great condition  
History s logic. The Mirror, Mirror episode contained the following dialogue in 1965 that would prove prophetic almost four decades later.1st Officer Spock: Terror must be maintained or the empire 
I WANT A SEQUEL!. I found this movie very creatively designed, as well as hilarious! The plot is how 2 drag women are living together when a new wanna-be starlet 
its true, scott adkins is the athletic treat. Prison martial art fight movies never seemed to work very well for me. Bloodfist 3 and Circuit 2 were about the only 
Delayed Punishment. I grew up in Pearland, Texas, the neighbor to Tom Delay s hometown of Sugarland and also one of the larger towns within his former Congressional district. Every 
My favorite swashbuckling film... The Sea Hawk is the one film that I saw as a kid and could not stop watching from start to finish. With breathtaking action, great 
What fun and a surprise for the parents. I am too old to have seen these when they aired on TV. We stumbled upon the set at the library and 
Flying Into the Sun. The word persona stands for the roles people assume on stage or in the world. It relates back to the masks that actors wore in ancient 
The Safe Side - STranger Safety. We LOVE this DVD. I have bought several to give as gifts to my children s friends. Their daycare has also requested a copy 
Don Juan Demarco. Don Juan Demarco isn t a masterpiece and it s not bound to top a viewers Favorite Movies list...But it is a fun and enjoyable little movie 
Phenominal. Great DVD from a would be legendary band. If you are unfamiliar with them, buy anything with their name on it, you will not regret it. I don t 
Fun, Fun, Fun ! Dance, Dance , Dance !!!. I loved this dvd as it has cool moves, its easy to follow along, and Seth is alot of fun to 
SIMPLE WORDS YET PROFOUND WISDOM. As a Student of the Ramtha School of Enlightement,and after hearing about the ??What The Bleep??Movie and editorials,I thought at fist this was a rather 
 The ice is gonna break!!! . Here s a quick review of the latest Dead Zone DVD rerelease:PICTURE:Pretty good actually but a little shoddy in select spots. Not crystal 
Good for Romantics, Not History Buffs. Personally, I quite enjoyed this film. I orginally chose to watch it out of an interest in the Tudor family. However, I had little 
The 1995 DVD release s picture quality is the same as this one. I own both and the 1995 DVD s picture & sound quality are the same. They just 
A wonderful movie. As much as Little Buddha,it s one of the best movies I ve ever seen normally during Easter seasons in Europe.The soundtrack is sublime.Plays are accurated,as well 
PERFECT movie. This movie is full of sweet romance and it s also action-packed!! I highly recomment this movie to kids of all ages! Both boys and girls will love 
jackass rules. I bought this for my son for christmas and he absolutely loved it. I have not heard him laugh this hard in a long time. I am now 
OUTSTANDING IN EVERY ASPECT. This first disc on all editions of this movie on DVD includes a making-of featurette that should more than please the casual fan of the film. 
One man s search to fulfill his dreams. This is one of the films that I most remember Fyvush Finkel for. One would think that name would not be hard 
Lang s triumphant talkie debut. This film is easily in the Top 5 of Fritz Lang s best films, and quite possibly his #1 best sound film as well. In 
Fascinating and brave. THE RAPTURE explores a subject that few films dare explore with any effort at seriousness: religion. In movies, religion is usually made fun of or satirized. Rarely 
But It s My Only Line!. OK, now that the DVD versions are out, and the Personal Bests, and the Entire Series , it s unlikely you will want to 
Good Film and Soundtrack!! Moore at his best. The sound track to this movie is awesome! No body does it better! I have to say that this was one of 
It can happen!. Probably one of Steve McQueens greatest movies. Only this one can happen  
Must have. Have loved the film for as long as it s been out. Recently, visited Alcatraz and can t tell you enough ,how amazing and eerie place it is 
Mysterious symbols?. Ok, I understand the male and female symbols used on the movie logo.Those represent the male and female viewpoints of the main two characters.They are the traditional Mars 
Unforgiven. It had been ages since I d watched this. I saw it in a theater in the U.S. when it was new. And I was carrying many memories which 
Thr Thornbirds. I have not played the CD set yet as I m still in the US and have mailed them home to Australia but will play them when I 
Excelente comedia. Esta comedia a pesar de presentar conflicto por el tema la obesidad, realza el valor de las personas sobre su condicion fisica  
good condition. I got the DVD on time and it looks as good as described  
It s a good movie, but... This movie has a lot of twists, and some surprise killings both the victims and the method of the victims deaths . Even though 
2274 my phat white uggly old 36 year sandled man foot!. I was an innocent babe of 6 when this movie came out and only just discovered it, ironically when 
Great action movie. I rented this with mixed feelings before seeing it. Most action movies is seen that before and just plain cheesy. For some reason Van Damme comes to 
Fun Final Season. My second favorite episode, Divorce Venusian Style, kicks off the final season. We finally get to see the greenguys! And a weenie wagon doing 113 mph.By the 
Breathtakingly beautiful symbolism!. Beautifully filmed and acted. Nicholas Cage and Meg Ryan are both breathtaking. I liked the fact that the angels weren t cliche ...no wings and not dressed 
The Best Product EVER. Not Buying this product...is sumthin u will be really missin out on...  
It s &quot;full-frame&quot;. The first few minutes are in widescreen, but then it switches to full frame, so be prepared to view several scenes with the actors cut off on 
INTERESTING AND DIFFERENT. FALL TIME is an interesting and different movie, at times implausible, but infused with a sense of loss and despair. The three boys who play the teenagers 
Barrymore! Bravo!. When one thinks of great cinematic acting performances the usual associations are with Brando in Streetcar Named Desire or DeNiro in Raging Bull or Garbo in Camille . 
Works as Advertised. This product worked exactly as advertised. Beautiful images and a sensible set of options, including very nice musical choices.  
Great movie and good DVD. I am very happy with the quality and the quick delivery of my order  
Sweet, funny movie. I just love this movie. Drew Barrymore plays the charachter of Sally,who is really likeable and sweet.You can t help but fall in love with Sally s 
A Very Enjoyable Film. A very good, enjoyable romantic comedy. Hugh Jackman is very sexy. I won t eat Chinese noodles again without thinking of the kitchen scene!  
One of John Wayne s greatest... ....If not THE greatest. It is not your typical John Wayne film with its requisite free-for-all brawl. He does fight an Indian, but it 
Tarantino magic. Tarantino,Director- Samuel L Jackson, Robert De Niro, Actors- What a combination.Great movie keeping one interested throughout.If you like Tarintino movies, it is a must, you will not be 
A mad doctor in pursuit of knowledge ?. The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari 1919 , directed by Robert Wiene, is one of the best examples of German Expressionism. This film 
Great extra features. Let s face it. Anyone even looking at buying this movie is very likely either already a Weird Al fan, or looking for a comedy that is 
10.5 Future. I found this movie to be a well made tv movie of a sort of perdiction of the big Earthquake of California. It is very believable and that 
North by Northwest. Classic mystery adventure triller with a complex well written plot Well acted.  
Gilbert Gottfried: Dirty Jokes. I just bought Gilbert Gottfried s Dirty Jokes . Gottfried is a comic genius! This is the best comedy video I ve seen in quite some 
A Great Coming of Age Movie. This movie was great. I loved it! One of the best movies from the 80 s!  
Out of Sight. This was one of the best movies of 1998, but for whatever reason did not attract a large audience. When I try to think of superlatives to 
A holocaust must see. This is a well acted story about a terrible time in human history. The character played by Willem DaFoe comes across as brave, strong, yet tender 
Jarod is a jewel!. The Pretender is a wonderfully written and acted series. All the characters are well-developed and excellently casted. The premise of the Center is very believable, too, 
Stand by Me. When listening to Rob Reiner s commentary on the tragic story of what happened to River Phoenix, one can t help but be moved by the final 
inside look at afghanistan-a true storyline, wonderful. a great story based on a real tale of one canadian afghan womens journey back to afghanistan to search for her frined, who 
The story of king david. I didn t hear much about this movie, but just recently I saw this movie on cinamax to see pretty much see propably DMX s 
4 LARGE AUDIO POPS BRING THIS VERSION DOWN A STAR. First, the good news; yes, the newest edition of this Yule tide classic has been given an amazing restoration, and 
EXCELLENT!. I m a huge fan of H. Rider Haggard s Quatermain adventures and I ve read all of them from the time I was a boy. As a fan 
Colors. Dennis Hopper s Colors, is about two cops, a veteran and a rookie who are assigned to LA s C.R.A.S.H Community Resources Against Street Hoodlums program. Their personalities excessively 
May be the first accidental death of a government gad fly?. What struck me was the closeness of the death of Emile Zola tothe release of Dreyfus. In more modern 
In Good Company. I loved this movie. The acting was great and the their interactions throughout the movie interesting. Its amazing how some movies just don t have the ability 
 I was born with The Devil in me. - H. H. Holmes. At only 64 minutes H. H. HOLMES really doesn t get super in depth, my socks were 
A Vendor. Item was as described and delivered promptly. I don t see how it could have been a better shopping experience  
Forbidden Hollywood. This is a well produced video from an age of Hollywood that most people are not aware of. I was particularly impressed with the uncensored production of Baby 
Important message and strong performances. This movie was excellent. I have a degree in public health so this was a smash hit to me. You can gain appreciation for it 
Watch the masters create their greatest album. What can be said? An album that never ceases to deliver new surprises on repeat listening is now broken down track by track. 
One word... Amazing!If this movie doesn t get you pumped up about an asteroid nailing earth...well, then okay.The crowd scene during the 4th of July celebration is one of the 
THIS BAND IS GARBAGE!!!! THAT S WHY THIS MOVIE IS SOOO FUNNY!!!!!. Most people doesn t realize that this band SUCK S!!!!I AM a HARD-CORE ROCKER FAN but please!! Is 
Interesting. I disagree with the above review written by Mo Ramchandani and strangely enough, I took a look at 2 Days and noticed that the film was produced by an 
You ve got mail. The telephone, with its sudden, loud intrusion into daily life, has always been a vehicle of horror and suspense, from Agnes Morehead s classic and chilling 
no title. Well, here s a movie I didn t want to see at all I loathe basketball , but I enjoyed it very much. Two actors to watch who 
LOVE IT!. Are you pondering what I m pondering? Sure, but horizontal stripes make me look hippy.A must for any fan. The best part really! is the extra material with 
hilariously horrifying....... This movie is funny yet scary, and the costumes are pretty wicked man. The little boy thinks its so awsome to  
Nuclear nightmare. When THE CHINA SYNDROME was released, plenty of right-wing critics and pro-nuke supporters blasted this film, particularly since its three leading stars were all known for their liberal 
Entertainment. good entertainment for a family setting. keeps the intrest as to who bat-woman really is right down to the final end  
SEX GAMES. I love this movie for the blindfold scene in front of the fridge, it is a classic scene very erotic, but for me the movie is a bit 
A stunning documentary. Seldom am I inspired to review documentary film - I m usually busy criticizing them and analyzing what could make them better. After seeing the first installment 
A pretty good job teaching numbers 1 to 20. Let me start by saying that I didn t know that many of the Brainy Baby BB videos were almost exact 
Great Performance. I m not a big Judy Holliday fan. She seems to have played the ditzy but smart squeaky-voice role over and over. This said, Born Yesterday is easily 
FINALLY, A BEAUTIFULLY MASTERED PRINT OF A CLASSIC NOIR. Having Fritz Lang s Scarlet Street in even a reasonably clean remastered DVD print once seemed like a pure dream, and 
What do you call yourselves?. This is a documentary about a joke for comedians, a bunch of the funniest people in comedy tell their versions of this joke. My favorite 
Happy to be ignorant. I am looking forward to all the racial slurs in the future releases. Not only are they hilarious, it shows how bad things were and how 
Guilty Low Budget Pleasure. Great collection of totally indie low budget horror. And we re talking LOW budget. Get out the handycam and call your cousins to be in a 
Brilliant! very little else to say. I had this brought down to Jamaica at the same time as Yoga Shakti and I made no mistake there. It continues the spirit 
 Careful. Some things in here don t react well to bullets. Yeah, like me. . Ah a classic. Just one of those movies that will never ever go out 
Wonderful!! Let this story touch your heart. I just bougth not one but two of these DVDs, one for me and one for a very good friend of mine that 
This show kicks butt!. Absolutely love this TV show, therefore, the DVDs are awesome, too! Can t wait for season 3  
Are you talking to me about spotted honor s meaning ?. This is one of the Top films ever made in Cinema s story. Not only due its intrinsic and 
Meet Drake. This a great sequal Drake is a cute little veirson of Draco watch this great sequal  
The Wild Child is spellbinding from beginning to end. Please see this movie. I loved it and so will yo  
The Most Awesome Thriller Of All Time!. PLOT: The film begins in New York City in 1933, during the bottom of the Great Depression. Filmmaker Carl Denham Robert Armstrong has 
Underated, Maybe Unknown, but Definitely a Masterwork. This film takes place in a not to distant future, after a high-profile murder has been committed at an elite company named Gattacca. 
Friends with differring views of honor and duty. This story follows 3 friends into the first world war where their sense of duty and honor are tested. Each has different 
A good script!. Decision Before Dawn was written by Peter Viertel, once himself a member of the O.S.S.It s a good script, full of weird characters, played by German actors 
Mr. Bean - The Whole Bean. Excellent value for hours of hilarious entertainment. I only wish Rowan had made more programs but I will enjoy watching them many times over 
Audrey and Shirley in a Remake of a Hellman Play. What can a single lie do? That is the question that is examined in Lillian Hellman s The Children s 
Amazing visual effects and solid acting make up for second-rate sound. Tim Burton offers the most charmingly off-beat yet visually sumptuous movies in Hollywood. From his stop-animation work The Corpse 
please let me go I won t tell anybody, including the police. If you loved the first season then you will love this one as well. Some of the characters 
Good workout. Not my favorite, but a viable Pilates workout. It uses weights, but I found another Ellen Barrett Cardio workout that does both burn fat and cardio without weights, 
A gentle movie!. This movie was a touching love story. Even though most love stories are lame this one was a strong-flavored movie. I think it is one of the 
Great Original From The Sci-Fi Channel!!!. As someone stated earlier the Sci-Fi channel over the last few years have been trying to bolster its viewership with original shows. Well Eureka 
Strong Stuff. Herbet Clutter, wife Bonnie, and their teenage children Kenyon and Nancy were much liked and respected in their tiny town of Holcomb, Kansas--but in the early hours of 
Tango Instruction series. This series is among the best I have seen in ballroom dance instruction. Attending milongas get togethers devoted to Argentinian tango has been difficult without an understanding 
Finding Neverland. It s about how James Barrie wrote a play I ve spent a lifetime avoiding. PETER PAN. The movie is awesome. Johnny Depp is awesome. Life is awesome 
Second in Anne of Green Gables series almost as great - Colleen Dewhurst and Frank Converse especially good here!. It s two years later and Anne leaves GreenGables to attend 
Rescue Me - Leary is on fire. This is a fantastic programme, Denis Leary captures perfectly the spirit of a New York fireman with the traditional Irish background - cousin 
Here s Johnny. This is one of the best semi-futuristic movie ever. And for all you Shadowrun lovers out there this movie has the same type of erie-ness and finess 
Arguing the World. This is probably the most coherent and mesmerizing documentary on the birth of Socialism in America and the direct impact it had in fueling the radical upsurgence 
Packs A Real Punch. Voted best film of the 1980s , Martin Scorsese s 1980 boxing tour de force Raging Bull is indeed one of the best movies ever made. 
Lovin it!. This movie is a classic - Have watched it many times & I still love it  
cyber sex. This is a weird anime. I have to say it is a hentai cause of Akira having with Mimi in order to keep her function up and going 
Are You Paying Attention... The world of illusion is one that has entertained audiences worldwide for years and years, and now you will be taken behind the scenes to witness 
Quick, simple stretches. Like many others, I liked the first 20 minute segment better than the second. Though the second is very good, I wish it were a smoother transition 
Multi-layered Crime Story. Some people will probably watch this film after seeing Daniel Craig in CASINO ROYALE--Craig is so good in LAYER CAKE that I m sure the Bond producers 
 That s right it s me, BRIAN PILLMAN! . As a fan who unfortunately started watching wrestling after the death of Brian Pillman, I really wanted to see this 
Abba DVD ...absolutely fabulous!. This DVD is a must for Abba fans. The videos are in chronological order so it is great to see them so young in Ring Ring 
Haunting movie, frightening DVD. Ashes of Time is the rarest of Wong Kar Wei s films and best remembered as the one that so confounded him that he went off 
A Gem. Every character is well defined. Some are surprises-Kirk Douglas playing someone who uses brains instead of brawn, Linda Darnell someone who loves and stays loyal to the ugly 
Archer hits target, Doug-las... is more, Glenn is the closer . I m glad to have this movie in my collection. I d seen a TV version just before purchasing 
Take this journey... harrow your soul. Having just seen the DVD of Children Underground I must say strongly that this film should be seen by everyone in the postmodern first 
A jolly good show. Moving, intelligent, realistic, not overly acted as could quite easily have been the case .About a 20 year old who has gone off the rails to 
 History written with lightning . President Woodrow Wilson made the statement I used for the heading of my review when discussing The Birth of A Nation. Whether you like 
Abbreviated Second Season. While I certainly agree with others about the way the second season has been released, and the cost thereof, I am pleased to finally own an unedited 
Nightmare on Twilight zone vol 2. Submited for your aproval we can find here in these vol 2 :4 gems of the old show.Nightmare at 20.000 feets, probably one of 
 Are We Living in a True Democracy? . I ask the question and ask that people open themselves up to the possiblity that some elections in the past have 
One of the best films In American cinema. Crash is a wonderful film that should be watched by anyone mature enough to watch it. Its just an amazing story on 
Just wonderful!. I just love this movie. It is well acted, and the cast is amazing! Worth every penny  
Don t Forget McGregor!. I have seen many good reviews written about this excellent movie, but, unfortunately none of them mention McGregor. Who is McGregor? I hear you ask. McGregor 
What a great movie!. How many movies can you really enjoy with the young people in your life? This is one of the few. I watched this with great reluctance, 
Excelente!!!!. I have no comment for the title for now, but I want to know if this DVD, aditional to Region 1 encoding contains Regional Coding Enhancement RCE .  
Third Season Of Once And Again. Buena Vista Home Entertainment You Stink As A Studio, Where Is Season 3 On Dvd? Of Once And Again  
Sweet & Beautiful. IF YOUR A BEATLE GEORGE HARRISON FAN, AND YOU HAVEN T SEEN THIS DVD, THEN YOUR NOT A FAN. IT IS THE BEST PERFORMED TRIBUTE CONCERT EVER 
A Masterclass in Humour. Dr Graham Chapman, MD, delivers in these home movies a set of lectures and demonstrations on how to be funny. Take notes and pay very close 
Kids will love it--through 2nd grade. My kids began doing yoga in PE class at school this past year--about the same time I began doing yoga. Many yoga DVDs are 
Remarkable. One of the most remarkable documentaries of all time. As a continuing series of documentaries, spanning intervals of seven years, it is of course necessarily repetitive - but even 
I just LOVE this movie!. It is SO funny and cleverly made. It seems, at first, to be a dumb movie but on closer look one can see that that 
This time, there s more!. They say that sequels are always worse than the original, but this one is arguable. Aliens is the sequel to the incredible masterpiece, Alien, and 
A Cycling Film for the Ages. Lance Armstrong s unforgettable speech to the world press gathered on the eve of the 2003 Tour de France sets this mystical, magical masterpiece 
very good fish film. I first saw this movie the year it came out, after not being able to see it the first time I tried with my family because 
Judge It for its Well Intentioned Efforts. When imperial Japanese aggression leads up to the attack on Pear Harbor the world changed. This film which contains several historical inaccuracies and 
Not For Everyone. I thought this movie was great, but there were many borderline moments if you know what I mean  
All the Right Company. Dennis Quaid ranks high in our family video night; both the Parent Trap and the Rookie are among our young children s favorites. For my wife 
And now here s something we hope you ll REALLY like!. For sheer wit, delightfully skewed comic genius, peerless voice acting, good cheer, and matchless power to make you glad 
4.5 stars for 4 stars. I must be gettin old - Mitzi Gaynor dancing, Steve Rossi singing, and Soupy Sales doing the Mouse seemed, for a brief interval, just as 
Amongst the hidden gems in Duke s career-. This film is still ahead of it s time,today.What a surprise it was for me one day,long ago,to sit down in front 
 Hiroshima, Mon Amour reflects image and sound, past and present; the actual and the remembered. His film was a bit puzzling, but, at the same time, a compromise, a 
Good Movie. Vince Vaughn is good at playing characters with different personalities. He plays a man who is an industrialist but in secret is a extortioner and a murderer. Danny, 
Spellbinding... This movie, by the director of Cinema Paradiso, &quot;disappointed&quot; a lot of American movie reviewers because it lacks the sentimentality and pat structure of CP. But it s far 
Fantastic!. Fantastic musical. Fiddler on the Roof tells the story of Tevya, and his family, coming to grips with changes in a small village Tzarist Russia. Changes to the vaunted 
Best Film of the 21st Century. Sideways is without a doubt the greatest film released in the last six years. Alexander Payne is pitching a perfect game so far. With 
Lesser Known Biblical Epic With It s Own Unique Approach. In among the glut of biblical epics from the late 1950 s and early 1960 s the Dino De Laurentiis 
Finally,Val Lewton s Classic RKO Horror Films on DVD. First,let me tell you that I own the Val Lewton Collection on laserdisc yeah I know,what s a laserdisc--a laserdisc was 
TAMILEE IS THE BEST!. Tamilee instructs you through classic moves, mostly using hand weights. These moves are very effective because of the weights and since we re tight on time, 
The man from Taos. In the 1970, NBC had a Sunday mystery movie wheel. Columbo, McCloud, McMillian and Wife were the staples. After its successful openning it spawn Quincy and 
GREAT FILM-WITHIN-A-FILM: TECHNOLOGY OR REALITY?. The Thirteenth Floor is a highly recommended film. Douglas Hall Craig Bierko is a computer analyst and programmer who portrays both the protagonist and antagonist 
Ghost Hunters. The Team on ghostbusters is the best and you will love this DVD  
The spoiled princess s of Manhattan. Uptown Girls starring Brittany Murphy and Dakota Fanning is quite delightful about a rich girl Murphy who loses her inheritance and must become one 
conspiracy at its best. THEY CANT KEEP IT A SECRET ANY MORE. THIS MOVIE TELLS IT LIKE IT IS. THE DRUG MAKERS WANT TREATMENTS NOT CURES AND IF A CURE 
Most Enjoyable. I m not the world s biggest Offspring fan and actually purchased this DVD as a birthday gift. That being said, it was great hearing the songs again 
Another volume of insane hilarity. THe episodes contained in this second volume of Adult Swim s Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law, are another injection of insane animated hilarity featuring the 
Great Story. Great story on how an African-American male and a Jewish woman become great friends. Very few movies keep my attention, but this one did  
I miss this show!. Super random humor that was hit and miss, but when it hit, oh man it was great!. Loved this show and can t wait for the 
awsome movie. This is one of the best shows around these days...good family entertainment without all the sexy and bad language that is common thesedays...  
When American Pie Was At Its Height, There Was Road Trip. If you like the typical teenage comedy, then you should give this movie a try. It does fall for 
Another good DVD to add to the collection. This is a nice DVD to add to the Yu Yu Hakusho collection. Some of the reviews say that it is just 
WOW!!. This series has been steadily improving since its debut double-episode five or so years ago, and after the cliffhanger ending of Season 3 I was very eager to get 
Steve Harvey too Funny!. I brought this DVD, and can seem to stop watching it. It gets better each time I watch it!!!! You have to see for yourself. Be 
If you love this movie, buy this DVD. This review will not debate the merits of the movie or how it stacks up against other teen movies. Rather, it is 
what an odd anime. This is the best series out of all of them cause its the orginal one. Tenchi Muyo was the only series that got a chance to 
Love this movie. I first saw this movie in a Theater Film class i took at SDSU last semester. I loved it so much i had to get it. I 
 Rule Britannia Rule the Waves !. HMS Defiant Aka Damn the Defiant 1962 is an extraordinary, yet underrated, wooden ships film!As good as Captain Horatio Hornblower 1951 or more 
Fabulous tool for parents, grandparents, and for teaching child development to all levels of students!. My profession is in Child Development, particularly autism, and I have been searching for many 
Hey this was a good shark tale. I ve watched every shark movie there has ever been so I m an easy audience and this one was a lot of 
Quite Funny. I highly enjoyed this movie. Okay, more than that. When I first saw it at the age of eleven, it taught me everything I know about Watergate in 
Wanda is Wonderful. A great movie with a fabulous cast. Super-funny and never lets up with the humor. I enjoy watching again and again  
How Can Anyone Not Like This Show?. First, I must say that comparing Sondheim shows to each other is ridiculous. Would you tell a plumber that you liked his sink 
Coming of age in Miami. Coming of age in Miami is what this film represents. Its about actions,consequenses and conscience. It centers around a group of young men each stuggling 
The best hip hop documentary ever... This film shows you the up &amp; coming rap stars around that time, but it also pays due respect to the older artists who 
This is the real deal. This is a great video if you are really interested and are currently looking to expand your already intermediate knowledge of taichi...not really for beginner,s 
FEMININE! SEXY! FUN!. FINALLY, a workout that s fun & sexy! I own every home workout on the market okay, most of them anyway! and I was ready to learn 
Class A Suds. Okay, the plot is familiar -- three girls head for stardom in the Follies, one good Garland , one bad Turner , and one indifferent Lamarr , 
Radiant Return from the Abyss. It is paradise to perform in front of an audience...I feel at one with the audience and I have an image in my thoughts which 
Excellent film. Must say that I did not watch this film in DVD format so I am not sure if the version I have is the full film or the 
Runaway Bride. Runaway Bride will forever be a classic. It is one of those movies you have to buy on DVD because you can watch it over and over. It`s 
Funny in parts, disturbing in others, & likely embellished. OK have a lot to say, so I will try to say it succinctly and clearly without banging on. :- Firstly, 
Never outdated and always brings hope to the viewer!. The Best Years of Our Lives 1946 Director William Wyler s Oscar-winning story of WWII soldiers returning to civilian life is 
Gets better all the time :-0. I think this season is already better than the first. It s so trashy and yet addictive and I love it.Continuing right on from 
Forget Comparing to the Original; It s Like a New Take on the Theme. The original Candidate was a masterpiece, and an awfully creepy film, considering the subject matter.I personally 
WONDERFUL FILM!. I thoroughly enjoyed this film. Kept me glued to my seat all the way through! I highly recommend it and yes its worth reading the subtitles you freakin 
Great performances from the entire cast.......... Well written and detailed account of 60 s soul groups. Does not disappoint. Check it Out  
Les Aventures de Gwendoline. Now,I saw this film in 1984 while I was living in Tahiti,as a horny 19 year old I was sent there to learn French,but thats awhole 
Our 2 year old absolutely adores Dora. Our 2 year old absolutely adores Dora. This Christmas DVD is her favorite and she watches it over and over again all year 
Finest treatment yet of Steinbeck s classic novel. John Steinbeck s classic novel, Of Mice and Men, is given its finest treatment yet in this version starring Gary Sinise as 
A little soap, a lot of spice. My wife rented this movie and I was ready for something mawkish, sentimental and, well, mostly for women. I was very surprised. This 
great stuff, ignore the rugrats bonus . Great stuff, glad to see it on DVD why are there no Dora or Little Bill episodes on DVD??? . The Rugrats stuff 
BUY IT !!!!. Are you wondering if this disk is worth 40? So was I. This collection is GREAT. You get two disks. There are three actual movies, one biography 
SpongeBob SquarePants. It contains all of the many episodes from the firstseason of spongebob.Spongebob SquarePants is a smash-hit television show that bothadults and children both lov  
An awesome 2 dvd set for Rush fans!!!. I ll keep this review short an sweet!!! If you love the band Rush,then you ll love this great 2 DVD set 
Did you commit a crime? Don t expect pity!. This painful and terribly touching thriller establishes an automatic solidarity between the wounded mother and the viewer when her daughter was 
15 Years And This Movie Is Still Good!!!. Laura Harring Mulholland Drive & Jeff James star as Nisa and Jason, a pair of young lovers who are dancing their way 
Adult Western with a Difference. My first viewing of Warlock was in 1959 and it has remained vividly in my memory as a great western with not one, but three 
Plenty to Enjoy. Getting up on a lazy Sunday morning and doing the crossword puzzle used to be an old past time of mine. There is something rather satisfying about 
Danny Kaye is the best!. This movie is just as great as I remember it from when I was a little kid!My mom and I, every Saturday would watch old 
Lorenzo s gold!. With a heartbreaking real life story of the Odone family, director-producer George Miller created one of the most touching and emotional drama s ever to grace the 
Deja Vu. This film elicits a variety of reactions from viewers, but if you re among those who liked the film, the DVD edition is an enjoyable experience. The DVD 
An Informative Viewing. This video contains most everything one needs to know to have a basic understanding of the Microsoft billionaire Bill Gates. It chronicles his entire life to the 
The opposite of Gilmore Girls . Sergio Leone s epic Western The Good, The Bad, and the Ugly is the cure for modern film and television. Some folks like my 
Great Video. Do I need to say anymore about this concert? They played for more than 250,000 people, not a lot of bands can pull something like that off. Amazing 
Afro-fuelled 70 s street drama. Blaxploitation movies often get a bad rap from chin-stroking types who judge them against standard cinematic masterpieces like Citizen Kane etc. That s the problem 
Misleading Trailer. Salem was not the only town that had a flurry of witch trials. This movie concerns another town where a number of witch families have survived. Witches have 
Can You Find the Short Knight?. This is a mixture of Sir Alfred Hitchcock s directorial productions from both the Silver and Television screens. Hitchcock directed several episodes from his 
why donald duck took over. what this volume shows us, after watching the 2 eccellent black & white sets, is just why, during the 1940s, Mickey Mouse became less & 
Nikola Tesla: The Genius Who Lit the World. Documentary contains a lot of info facts about Mr. Tesla, and I am really saitisfied with the purchase of the same  
Great movie for all. I first rented this movie and my daughter insisted on watching it over and over again, so we bought it for her birthday. She couldn t 
Samantha Rules!!!!!. I ve been a fan since 1997! I was 7 years old when I first recieved two American Girlsfrom my great-grandma for me and my twin sister: Felicity 
Truly Amazing Picture Qualiy. The movie is without doubt a perfect union with mean streets and goodfellas. But let s face it, why do we click into a certian HD 
Really great movie. This movie is excellent. I read the book when I was 16 and I just bought it for my daughters 16th birthday with a copy of the 
Delightfully funny. This movie was both entertaining and at times, hilarious. Charlie Sheen is great as the fallen stockbroker turned advice columnist, Denise Richards is funny as his ditzy, shallow 
An informing documentary about the Zapatista uprising. I found this documentary to be essential to my understanding of the indigent peoples movement for independence and recognition in Chiapas and other 
Where the line between humans and machines is blurred. I ll admit to you that I love to watch Adult Swim, and I ll also admit that I like certain 
OVER ALL- THUMBS UP. I LIKED THIS MOVE BECAUSE IT IS AN INTERESTING STORY, THESE KIDS FROM HARLEM WHO DISOBAY AND DISRESPECT AND GET INTO TROUBLE. tHEY ROB A STORE 
funny and scary. i haven t seen this movie in years so when i saw it at block-busters i had to rent it. my favorite part is when tom essexplayed 
Good audio and video , committed performance. Gary came out of the shadows for a lot of listeners with his blues albums . The roots of rock can be found 
Read the Book, see the movie, fall in love with Karen Sisco. Jennifer Lopez breathes a whole lot of life into Elmore Leonard s powerful DA Karen Sisco. Worth noting 
An astonishing ending!. What a great story and an ending! I was so excited about the conclusion of this 2 hr program that I coudn t sleep at all  
Don t be Fooled by Tiny Movements!!!!!!!. I ordered this DVD last month after being a little skeptical. I usually gravitate towards fast-paced kickboxing workouts. But, I decided that I 
HGWT - Better than I remember. Have Gun-Will Travel came to TV just as I was turning 11. This program was required viewing at our house as my parents really 
No shooting blanks, this hits the mark!. This was one of my favorite movies of the 90s. If you don t like the movie, definately get the soundtrack because it 
very good dvd. very good dvd, i enjoyed mick introducing the spots, giving back story, and re-watching some classic matches. personal favorite is the falls count anywhere match with sting. 
An eclectic, evocative and wholly outstanding collection. Composed by renowned South Indian recording artist L. Subramaniam, the &quot;Salaam Bombay!&quot; soundtrack features an invigorating blend of jazz and traditional Indian styles 
A must-have for hardcore BSB fans. This is a very enjoyable DVD. It s kind of like their classic All Access Video, only for Never Gone. It includes the videos 
feel good and have fun movie. When we just want to kick back and enjoy a movie no thinking required we watch this one! Then we sing can t smile 
A Favorite Season. Before I was even a fan of the show, I caught what I later came to know as the season finale of this season on morning on 
MEANINGFUL AND THOUGHTPROVOKING JOURNEY INTO ANOTHER WORLD. A STIRRING FILM WITH SOUL THAT BOGGLES THE MIND AND BAFFLES THE INTELLENT. A JOURNEY OF SELF-REALIZATION. A PEEK INTO ANOTHER DIMENISION OF 
Sorry about the 2 stars in the rant review. Intro - Right. Well I wrote the rant review that was entitled under Keifer Yeoman . I had to use my 
The Gospel According to St. Matthew. The Gospel According to St. Matthew directed by Pier Paolo Pasolini, filmed in 1964, is the best rendition of the life of our Lord 
Three s Company is still on top. The Seventh Season is still on top on the Nielsen Rating The Nielsen Rating is the percent of all TV-equipped homes tuned to 
Chris Browne RULES. Chris Browne s film had my attention right away. Not only is it a great story in the tradition of John Woo, Brothers on the opsite sides 
Video for IAG. My son LOVES this trilogy! It is extremely funny totaly inappropriate, but very funny ! We enjoyed them  
Romance and High adventure. It is inconceivable how they could make such a good movie. This is one of those movies that the story is being told and periodically you 
Supremely disturbing. Masters of Horror: Jenifer Dario Argento, 2005 Dario Argento has made some deeply, deeply twisted movies over the years. I ve loved most, if not all, of them. 
A MUST HAVE!!!!!!!. Simply the best voyeur experience you can have.The men are hot and not afraid of showing off. the best Du Stade making of ever  
Hilarious. What could be funnier than attacking controversial issues, without taking them seriously? From a poor guy who goes around giving people cheeseburgers and other things to a game of 
wow. This video really gets it done. Nothing to hard to follow and nothing to easy. I really enjoy working out now. It is so inspirational that it makes you 
I wish that there were more stars to give!. Quite simply, I am nuts about this film. I don t usually see films more than once, but I have seen 
The Most Dangerous Game. Battle Royale is set in dystopian Japan, where the government runs a yearly program that randomly selects a high school class to be forcibly sent to 
They are the strangers. Cult films don t come much more groundbreaking than Dark City -- it was bending reality before the Matrix ever did.At first glance, Alex Proyas movie 
A classic tale of swashbuckling adventure. I really enjoyed this film. While it s a little slow in a few places, overall it s fun and exciting. The tale of 
super bowl xxxix- new england patriots championship video. a very good dvd, especially for the low price. loved all extra s added such as the halftime show,ect. great collectors dvd 
Very Good. Very good insight into the world of a real life porn star.This DVD takes you behind the scenes like no other more from the down to earth human 
Looking down the rabbit hole. Its a great movie. It really challenges one to look beyond...What IF.............  
A smart, dynamic and Czech indie film. Hrebejk garnered critical kudos, and a great deal of popular attention, for his Holocaust-based Divided We Fall 2000 . Like Life Is Beautiful, 
Time Cannot Erode. An assault for certain, and all the more nefarious due to its artistic merit. Before going any further, to address this edition specifically, I have to say 
May the Pun be with You. The puns are punnier and the stories are zanier as Rocky and Bullwinkle enter their fun filled third season. It consists of 33 episodes 
a masterpiece. This has been one of my favorite movies for quite a while so finally I decided to have it on DVD rather than VHS  
Skip Color, Go Directly To The Black-And-White. I m not sure why Sony, which now owns I Dream of Jeannie, decided to colorize the first season of this series. Whatever 
Powerful stuff. This disc consists of five short films about the Shoah, narrated by survivors living in various countries. The idea behind this collection was to make films in nations 
Shangri-la. Everyone dreams of a world with no wars and peace with everyone. This film, a great story about finding, losing and finally finding again such a place, is such 
Beautiful... I truly enjoyed this movie. I found it moving, funny, and above all, beautiful. This is one of those movies that leaves me feeling something amazing for hours after 
superb historical drama on redemption and coming of age. I watched this with total absorption at the plight of this unusual man, the Hurricane. His story, as others outlined in 
High &quot;sleaze&quot;. I own this video; I am on a fixed income so have to choose my purchases VERY carefully. I saw this movie on cable years ago &amp; loved 
A study of Garcia. A lovely dvd, connecting the viewer with the artist. I ll give it as a gift to my Dead Head friends, Quality was excellent. Keep on 
Before this movie was released, noone bothered to talk about it. Hotel Rwanda is a very important movie about a genocide which just happened a decade ago. Interestingly, until this 
Wonderful find for exercise after my baby!!. I recently had a baby boy, and felt a &quot;little&quot; out of shape after having him HA! I did a search on amazon 
mikeDegf. William Demeo does a great job in this movie and I think who ever slams this guy doesnt know acting. He will be a great one for years to 
 Street Fighter Double Feature DVD Review. Arguably one of the best and most violent martial arts films of its time, The Street Fighter starring Sonny Chiba was the first 
A perennial favorite. This cast is awesome. The music is upbeat and beautiful. The Prince s lament is my favorite, and Bernadette Peters is still the best thing to happen 
I m a woman, and I LOVE this movie!!!!. This movie is soooo funny!!!! Why would someone think it s degeading to women? It s great. The flow of the 
Magnificent. Truly an enjoyable sports movie! Redford is genuine in his portrayal of Roy Hobbs. This movie makes you wish it was based on a true story. It also causes 
Richard Matheson s Hell House on film. My intention for many years was to read Matheson s I Am Legend and Hell House . Since I have read none of 
No one can escape from their history, their destiny. This is a remake of the French film La Jete , and yet it is completely different. The film kept the 
A movie they would never make today!. This is a great film. But, sadly, it would never be made today. I mean, try to imagine a film in which a 
Remarkable. Just when I thought Martial Arts couldn t get any better, Jet Li shows just how wrong I was. He exudes an unmatched passion for Martial Arts and it 
Great movie. Ithought brother beare was a great movie in the Movie Theater I want to get theDVD so I could See it again. The only think I will say 
ever seen a window kill a person?. this is a very weird little video nasty thats a sequal to suspiria it has beautiful colors but its a little random its 
A Thing of Beauty. Kagemusha is my eighth Kurosawa DVD and it holds #1 position in my collection. Kurosawa was a painter before he became a cinematographer, then writer and 
What is this - a trench coat convention?. This is without a doubt, one of Harrison Fords greatest moments. An incredible film with some of the best visual effects I 
Fullmetal gets deeper, and even better. The latest installment of one of the best anime series in the past couple of years advances through its compelling story. The action is 
for the naysayers. Rise is your typical documentary that explains what the rave scene was like in New Orleans. One thing it definetly helps you understand is why, the ravers, 
Very Satisified. I gave it to my brother as a Christmas present. He enjoyed it very much  
sensational. Wow..The final season of a brilliant, gritty prison drama..one of the best series for a long time....the story lines are all wound up in this series and the production 
6 episodes make One Season?. What there was is good. I like the premise, I like the character development, I like the sub-plots, I like the guest stars, I like 
God bless you Arthur. Just saw this DVD today. I ve been a Dolls fan all my life. Though I m not a Mormon,I have great respect for the church. 
Just good stuff. I showed this at a big party with lots and lots of kids. I was a little worried that the kids wouldn t get the old black 
Tons of Variety and Detailed Instruction. I have to say this is one of the better fitness DVDs that I ve seen in recent memory. The instructor or whomever produced 
A dose of encouraging reality. Wow! This book is fabulous. Written with typical Liz humor and deep insight, this book is a must for anyone who wants to really understand 
Family Favorite. Robin Hood has to be one of our family s favorite Disney films. It has adventure, romance and humor. There is something for everyone. I recently purchased a 
Sexy and funny movie.... This is a really fun movie. Funny, too, but also FUN. I had a great time watching this, and unlike many other drama comedies, at every 
Charlotte s Web Classic!. It is the same Charlotte s Web cartoon movie my father bought about 16 years ago - vhs format. it s now on DVD and the 
A great anniversary edition. This is a REALLY what a collectors anniversary edition should look like. Lots of great special features  
Very excited!. I m very excited to hear that the rest of the Silly Symphonies will be coming out at the end of the year; however I am a bit 
The DAUGHTER-IN-LAW did it!! Or did she??. I watched this movie without reading the 1920 Dame Agatha Christie novel that it is based on. I m glad I did this! 
Good Movie. Well acted, good story line, not a typical dull, stupid Hollywood type movie. Oops maybe because it s not a Hollywood movie it s and Irish movie. Go 
I d give this SIX stars!. This is an excellent number in this series of specials videotaped in Germany in the early 1960s and contains precious rare filmed moments of 
Perhaps the best movie in the last 25 years. Yeap. Is not something easy to say. May I made a fast judgement, but I m affraid not. It s just 
deceptively challenging. This was the first yoga tape I ever bought and it was a great introduction. I could follow the workout even as a newbie to yoga and grow 
better than the store... I d been looking for this item for two years and I found it on amazon.com for 35 less than the store prize, fast delivery and 
So you think you re family is nutz? See this movie!. Red Doors is an acclaimed and festival winning film about a dysfunctional Chinese American family who s door is 
Grown-Up Hepburn. In this chronicle of a tempestuous marriage, told in a series of flashbacks, that takes place entirely on the couple s road trips in France, director Stanley Donen 
A comprehensive view of world soccer but NOT exhaustive...... From a global perspective, this documentary series has a glaring omission; it failed to give the viewers the development of soccer 
A Great Theatrical Show. Like most people, I ridiculed Riverdance and everything of the like. But working in a store that sold this, I was absolutely floored by how awesome 
Entertainment and symbolic movie, with many levels waiting to be explored. This is a very entertaining movie, full of wonderful special effects and a consistent narrative, with many sub-plots explored 
Aaaah Morgan Freeman. It s all there...drama, action, and suspense. This movie will keep you glued to your seat with all its twists and turns. And Morgan Freeman is a 
The pros outweigh the cons. First, the cons.1. It isn t the complete series.2. It is an older anime style with no computer animations as in no eye-candy Next, the 
An interesting moment in time. This DVD contains some amazing footage of 1960 s and 1970 s drag racing, and a chance to see current TV drag racing commentator Mike 
great film by kubrick but what else is new. this film is a has a very nice story about a man named alex who loves to rape woman and fighting 
Awesome DVD. Release the Bats one of the craziest, nastiest, and funniest DVD s I have ever seen. If you like Fall Out Boy & the show Jackass you will 
Chilling!. Dark, opressive! At the end of the movie, you think: how was it possible? can it happen again? - and you know that, yes, it can and it s 
VERY GOOD MOVIE. ALL GIRLS WILL LOVE THIS MOVIE AND THEY LIKE TO SING WITH IT AND ACT OUT WITH THE MOVIE ALSO. SO CUT  
they get nods from canada. I love death cab. I saw on degrassi, when an interviewer asks ashley and craig in the interview that they leeave spinner and marco out 
ALL TIME CLASSIC MOVIE. I LOVE THIS MOVIE SINCE I WAS A KID. I WAS SO HAPPY TO FIND IT ON AMAZON...I DIDNT EVEN FIND IT ON E-BAY.THE SHIPING WAS 
Great product and DVD combination. To whom it may concern:This item was purchased with the DVD. My daughter loves to use them and will even perfer to practice her violin 
Quigley Down Under. A friend of mine loaned me this dvd. I was so taken with Tom Selleck and the direction of Simon Wincer I bought the dvd and Crossfire 
Revolutions. I waited a long time to see this because everyone I know didn t like it, as it relates to the first two films. When I finally gave in, 
Beautifully filmed noir piece. I really like this film. First of all it is absolutely beautiful to look at. Tahoe and water water everywhere - all sumptuously photographed.The story is 
This not the typical action flick you see those saturdays at night!. This not the typical action flick you see those saturdays at night beacuse Micheal Mann has done the 
Back to the Future Trilogy. I ordered the movies for my 13 year old grandson and watched them myself..I enjoyed the movies and my grandson has watched them over and 
Killer Shark Movie!!!!!. This is a great shark movie. Casper Van Dien did a good job on his acting. For a low buget movie,some of the affects were great! Some 
America Needs This Film. HOOSIERS is one of a handful of movies that make a statement about who we are and what makes our country great. Hoosiers characters are a 
So cool. The live version of Need You Tonite is from a 1997 concert in Aspen at the Hard Rock Cafe. That video alone makes this worth buyin  
A Fun Movie!. Wedding Crashers starts off slow, I thought it was going to be a disaster of a movie, but I was wrong. By the end, the story became 
Surprise! It s really good. My kids love all the Hot Wheels movies and my Husband does too!  
Imperdvel. Excelente montagem com takes longos. Se voc gosta do som espiritual nico de Coltrane, vai encontrar nesta fita um excelente material. O diretor realmente captou o esprito da coisa. 
A Film Totally True To The Book....And A Beautiful DVD. Frank McCourt s best-selling book is so good, and this movie is so true to it, that if you liked 
Gonna Burn some muscle. This was one of the greatest I have ever seen. the battles were great the score..well it was really impressive...when the last episode ended I felt 
Best season summary dvd. Really enjoyed the first season and the Very Best of Ghost Hunters, Vol. 1  
 Nobody Hurts My Horse ~ Life After Aragorn. Surprisingly `Hidalgo released in 04 didn t live up to studio expectations in terms of either financial earnings, or audience appeal. 
Great Movie begging for remake. I enjoyed this movie as a kid. Still love it and have it in my collection. I would love to see this battle redone now 
Maisy takes on Elmo. Did I think anything could overtake Elmo? My son still loves Elmo, but Maisy is becoming his favorite. This DVD is great if you are a 
The mafia in its family disguise or Father Christmas at Easter. When the mafia becomes the argument of an action film and little more it is no longer funny, it 
Barbara Bain not Barbara Anderson. The Caption listed on Amazon states that the starring actress is Barabara Anderson. The first season of MI was the very cool and sophisticated Barbara 
A privilege to watch and experience... I m a fairly new Opeth fan, so I wasn t sure what to expect from a concert DVD, but it s nothing short 
almost perfect. These films look really good cleaned up, only thing George shouldn t of changed added was the Greedo Han scene in episode 4, the Han walking over Jabbas 
The War is Over but the Battle Lives On WWE vs TNA !. The only reason why I gave this 4 out of 5 stars is because even though the 
Independence Day. What a terrific movie! Will Smith and Jeff Goldbloom make a super team. Independence Day keeps you glued to you seat even if you have seen it several 
Some very funny moments. I had never seen these before. Being born in 1965, I watched Bullwinkle of course, but never saw this show. I love classic TV, weird humor, 
A 4 1 2 STAR REVIEW. Darkness for those who wonder what the title film means is not the only time of the day TENEBRE s would-be victims should be 
TOBE HOOPER S TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE STILL OUTSHINES THEM ALL!!!!!. Who will survive and what will be left of them going into this movie you re already thinking, and this 
Good movie. La Bamba is one of the movies that makes you feel good, cry and think about how life really is short. Lou Diamond Phillps was in top form 
marvellous TV show and DVDs. These DVDs are a must-buy for any Gilmore Girls fan. It has great picture and sound quality and is totally worth the price.The KAB score: 
A glimpse into his life... This DVD had an impact on me that was similar to the first time I read On the Road. The scene where he reads on 
Great movie -- wonderful soundtrack. Great storyline. The music by Osvaldo Golijov underwrites the drama of the movie. John Turturro was amazing as one of the lead characters -- the 
A gorgeous film. Even though I ve read all of Austen s novels and knew what was going to happen, this film kept me engrossed. The actors truly became the 
Entertaining, never dull, often accurate. The movie is entertaining from start to finish. Please note that the transcript of the trial, obtainable from an internet vendor for about 6.00, is 
A Very Nice Surprise. I wanted to see a movie one evening, and it really didn t matter what movie, I just wanted to get out of the house, and 
One of THE BEST films to help you face living. Prior to VHS or DVD - back in 1971-75 - when movie theaters remember those, the ones where it was 
Next to listening to his recordings, this is a fine tribute to a great jazz musician. I am not usually a big fan of bio-pics about genius musicians because it 
One of my favorites, but wheres the info?. This is one of my all time favorite tv shows. Although same in concept and scope than Bewitched, this shows superior cast 
one of Garland s lesser-films; still worth a look. THE PIRATE was one of the biggest bombs of Judy Garland s career. She was very ill during the filming of 
Amazing DVD treatment of historic television!. Once thought lost to the public forever, a black and white kinescope version - the only surviving element other than the cast recording - 
Ride boldly ride.. A great movie however many times you watch it. I m glad I found it here  
Firecreek Cheyenne Social Club. I bought this for my husband and they are two of the old westerns he enjoys wathcing  
PLEASE REMASTER THE THEATRICAL VERSION SCARIEST MOVIE EVER!. OK This is a scary movie! As much as I like the spider walk segment, I prefer the original theatrical version of 
Memorable and harrowing adaptation!. Nathanel West `s novel becomes is long crystallization of his long Hollywood experience as a screen writer. Several short comings here and there; for instance, Karen 
A Bit Like Blue Velvet Meets Monty Python. This is like 90 minutes of performance art. I suppose with a one page script this was never going to win any 
Strong movie, new twists. The Departed puts a new twist on classic cop gangster movies think Scarface, Goodfellas, Carlito s Way & LA Confidential with an all star cast Matt 
Cant take my eyes away from the screen!. I have allways been a big Stephen King Fan. I have every book as well as audiobooks. Now Im working my dvd 
Unusual. A quirky little comedy that mixes humor and drama nicely. A very talented cast and a sharp script highlight this film. This is a good film to watch with 
Master class for INTERMEDIATE guitarist. Eric s video is structured as a master class type of lesson.If you are a beginner then this is NOT a DVD for you butfor 
!!! HOME IS WHERE THE HEART IS !!!. Tight DVD, that is worth every penny. My only beef with this DVD is that it is missing some videos, HOME being 
Vintage Michael Moore. No one goes after the bad guys like Michael Moore. He is relentless asking big business why not take care of the working man who put you 
A work of art... a soccer masterpiece. This collection of DVD s depicting the history of soccer is truly captivating. For fans who love the game, and can t get 
Learn to Love your Life. I Love aLL 3 seasons of The L wordbut This is the best , i was pLaying episode by episode to see whats gona happen 
Minor Correction. An excellent movie and great acting by all involved. Just to get the names right, it wasn t Patrick Swazy as reported in an earlier review, but rather 
FUNNY AND SAD DOCUMENTARY. This is a sub-culture with a minority that I was previously unaware of. The movie is a time capsule of a certain time in a certain 
Good basic exercises. This DVD is a little cheesy and the instructor is pretty irritating, but the exercises are good. I, like the other reviewers, wish he would spend more 
SG-1 Season 1. After watching the Movie, i really do like it. In the first series, the world of stargate just got a lot bigger  
If for no other reason... Spoiler Notice Okay, so maybe the movie was a little quirky, but this was the eighties folks. The thing about this movie on a VERY 
Better than expected. I had seen the rated version of this movie, but bought the unrated version instead. Great Movie...!! Rated or not. Worth the watch. Angelina Jolie is wonderful 
Elusive but invasive. I walked out of the theater I caught demonlover in a couple of years ago sure I had witnessed a garballed movie ruined by a windbag need 
Love This DVD!!. Our five month old has been watching this DVD since he was 2 1 2 months old. He loves this show and is glued to the screen 
Trouble bound. Great movie, not a blockbuster but keeps your interest, great settings and Patricia Arquette is very cute in a nice girl gone wrong kinda role.Highly recommend this movie 
One of the best. Enjoy one of the best screen performances that truly deserved the Academy Award. What a pleasure  
about the ending. I Just want to say something about the ending, which is absurd to some. Some previous reviews say that was beyond comprehension. I guess it takes a 
Fantastic...Simply Magical. This documentary follows 2 years in the life of a brave scientist, Dr. Alex Hesse who is willing to sacrifice his own time, health, and life to answer 
Just a Classic Musical loved the music . I remember watching this movie as a child and I must tell you it brought a smile to my face and a 
EXECELLENT FAMILY MOVIE. what many people don t realize is that Pistol Pete became a born again Christain and did not compromise with this movie.He insisted on a G-Rating -no 
This could never be done today. What a great and wonderful film. Lately i ve been in love with Ziegfeld Girl playing You stepped out of a dream and the 
A Very Cute Movie. I watched The Goodbye Girl with Marsha Masoon, Richard Dreyfuss and Quinn Cummings and I liked it and thought it was a great movie and they 
Raw and Disturbing... ...yet a contemporary classic in the docu-drama genre. John McNaughton first movie was as good as a debut gets. Working with a small budget with Chicago as 
KLASSIC KARLOFF . . . OF SORTS. Just in time for Halloween . . . More thrills and chills than you can shake your broom stick at. The best of 
The Adventures of Super Mario Bros. 3 is coming out on DVD Boxset. I m very excited that The Adventures of Super Mario Bros. 3: Complete Series will be released 
Really Sweet and Endearing!. Can t Buy Me Love 1987 was probably made to cash in on the rush of 80s romantic comedies but it succeeds where others fail, mainly 
Where is the Rev. s Wiggle Stick video?. Hey, I gave it 3.5 stars cause I ve never seen it, but that seems to be the average. I was actually 
There Are No Limits Except On This Movie s Budget . Back when I was a kid I always heard about the guy called `Pinhead in a movie called `Hellraiser 
A treasure from my 1960 s youth is still great. Blessed with superb writing, dazzling special effects, and inspired casting down to the bit roles, BEWITCHED is a must-see on 
Not until it s in WIDESCREEN !!!!!!!. Love this movie. Seen it several times. But won t be purchasing the dvd until I can get it in widescreen  
An Otaku s Opinionated Review. I am going to tell you why I LOVED this, what us Otaku call Ettchi an anime with high sexual themes or an erotic anime 
Wonderful!!. Timeless classic...a must for anyone s movie collection. A near perfect role for Grant at that time in his career and it s a brilliant performance  
Better than expected from the reviews. I thought the acting in this movie was very well done. The people in the movie seemed very real, not the over done, I 
The best romantic comedy ever!. A couple of years ago, I read a review of this film and wanted to buy it. However, it was not available at that time 
classic movie. Great cast, great story line, great locations. Although I m not a big Kirstie Alley fan, the rest of the cast are excellent. Would recommend this movie highly 
Timeless T.V. This T.V show rates as one of my favorites of all time. In the genre of comedy it is my favorite show to date. One of the great 
Oklahoma! 50th Anniversary Edition on DVD. Excellent quality. Would work with Amazon again. Fast service. Very pleased  
Could anyone be cooler than Chow Yun-Fat? NO!. When i first saw this movie about 5 years ago i was in a stunned awe. No way could i have waited 
My son loves them. My 19months old son loves Thomas.He watches these DVD again and again everyday.I can playback these DVD by Japanese DVD player  
Funny and different. If Mel Brooks was into old Kung Fu movies instead of old Westerns, this would be the result.  
A Predictable Plot - But a Beautiful Little Film. Tuscany is like a magnet for sentimental Americans: the landscape, the people, the appreciation of life emanates from the sunscapes and 
bring this classic home to your family. Don t get bent out of shape just because this movie weaves its story around chess. All of the acting is superb; all 
You can t get your life back. Drunkenly auctioning off your wife and baby is reason enough to despise someone, but the Mayor of Casterbridge gives us plenty of other 
A battle for a man s soul. The incomparable Walter Huston and the oratorical Edward Arnold are both superb in Williams Dieterle s memorable 1941 supernatural fantasy The Devil and 
You can go home. If you enjoy Fogerty or CCR you can not go wrong with this disk.  
Beautiful color, exquisite 5.1 sound, dazzling special effects and puppetry. I loved this version of the fairytale.The widescreen transfer is abolutely stunning on a 16 x 9 TV. Be aware 
this and the love bug, TWO GREAT ONES. i saw this movie in the drive in theater. it was a double feature about cars. the love bug was shown first 
 last summer Cathy knew she was being used for something evil! . Groundbreaking and equally fascinating when it was released in 1959, this lurid adaptation of Tennessee William s 
Best Streching Video for Beginners. I am 60 years old and never engaged in any formal streching program, but I thought I would give this a try. It has been 
DX ROCKS!!!. 1 WORLD TAG TEAM CHAMPIONSHIP MATCH LA RESISTANCE VS. DUDLEYSOLID TAG TEAM MATCH. LA RESISTANCE STEALS ONE THANKS TO ROB CONWAY WHO WAS DRESSED UP AS THE CAMERA 
Nasty and interesting shock-feast. An artist named Reno Jimmy Laine a.k.a. Abel Ferrera lives in New York City in a apartment paying bills and wants to become a very successful 
Garson was a pro. Greer Garson, a well-educated and highly intelligent person in her own right, studied long and meticulously to become thoroughly familiar with the laboratory appartus and experimental 
 S blood! What fun!. Powerful writing and acting make this DVD set a feast for the ears and eyes. And, it s close-captioned, too!The sparce sets only serve to 
 Dog Soldiers . I surprisingly enjoyed this movie. It is a little choppy and hard to understand what is going on at first, but it is well worth the 
A masterpeice. Using simple cinematographic techniques and subtle video work, Rossellini was able to capture the startlingly good acting of his characters. However, the film s power is not in 
A little sour, perhaps, but with great dancing by Gene Kelly, Dan Dailey, Michael Kidd and Cyd Charisse. If you like superior dancing, It s Always Fair Weather is worth 
Better than Average Film. This is a better than average film. Outstanding things here. The acting is good. I did like the film very much. Yet, it is outstanding. It 
We re All A Little Quirky... My husband and I watched this movie for the first time last night. He always picks on me about bringing home weird movies , 
Hot, Sexy Classic!. This is a classic, somewhat funny, dvd about safe sex and the first time experiences of some very hot and sexy british guys! Thanks Ian for contributing. 
Thank you Rhonda Byrnes!!!. This is for the naysayer s who wrote reviews on The Secret .Larry King Live ran two episodes last November in which a number of the 
Perfection!!. I m not a huge NIN fan, but I do like a few of their songs and I did manage to see them live several years back. I ve 
Cow Belles Rocks!. This is one of the best Disney Channel movies that Disney has ever made. Aly and Aj did a great job in this movie. They are very 
Quirky and cute but it works.... What happens when a Beverly Hills movie star walks into the quiet life of a Notting Hill bookseller? Sparks fly and it s one 
Doing the Right Thing. Terrific cast explores the question of ethics in the world of G.I. s upon their return from WWII. An examination of the value of honesty in 
Island Race. How did he have the time to write such a picture, to co-direct it, to act in it and after everything else to write its score? Noel Coward 
Poor Richard. I really enjoy the whole Keeping Up Appearances series. I originally caught the show on TV by mistake and have been a fan since. This show is great! 
This is great!. When Swiper swiped the friendship bracelets by mistake, he and Dora are teaming up to travel around the world. I really liked it when they super jumped 
Old Friends or Central Park?. I own this DVD as well as the Concert in the Park DVD; I was also at both concerts -- each had a different feel, 
A Superb British Crime Drama!. With wonderfully complex plots and recurring characters, Rebus is an absolutely first-rate crime drama based on the novels by Scottish author Iain Rankin. Though set 
A strong Clint Eastwood movie, where retired FBI agent Terry McCaleb must deal with his new heart and a psychotic killer. Blood Work is a clever and satisfying mystery, in 
Tickle your ribs and improve your vocabulary at the same time. I too grew up watching this show and thought it was the funniest ever. As I recall, my parents 
LOLOLOL. Started watching last summer and instantly hooked.For those who want to see what his show is about, buy rent Vol 2, 10x as better than the Vol 1 set. 
AWESOME MOVIE. You will love this movie. I cried like a baby several times. The shots of Lhasa are amazing.  
the best tv drama cop or otherwise ever. I won t get many this review was helpfuls because I m not going into any detail of plot and characters etc.. 
Great twist at the end. This movie has a little bit of everything. We have some funny dialogue for the comedy fans, we have a father getting to know his 
Singing And Dancing The Celt Within. `Celtic Roots Festival, Vol. 2 is the second of three DVD s containing engaging live performances by marvelously gifted Celtic musicians and singers gathered 
Lost - The Complete First Season. WOW! THE PLANE CRASHES AND THE STORY GOES ON THE STARNGE ISLAND. THE SURIVIORS, THE KILLERS, AND OTHERS...WHO IS WHO BEFORE THE CRASH, AND 
for John and Olivia. Ok I agree with other viewers this move is not the best in world. I also feel it is not the worst either. I will never 
The Blue Period. I can think of very few actresses that could pull off Juliette Binoche s feat. OK, none come to mind: Binoche is a one woman tour-de-force, an 
Gift. Bought this as a gift for my husband to replace his VHS copy. Cute little movie, very appropriate for small children, feel good message, one small part in town 
Perfect Chi Kung video. An excellent DVD for someone to begin practicing qigong. Easy to learn and beautiful to look at, these exercises are the most effective and popular qigong 
Great Story of A Great Man. This biography does justice to the man behind Wal-Mart, it tells of a quintessential American entreprenuer, whos goal was to make the consumer the 
An all time great movie experience. History, music, drama, breath taking scenery and photography, adiult dialogue and emotions - this one has them all. John Barry s music alone can 
A vanished genre, a vanished time. Just about any movie featuring Howard Keel is likely to be among the very best of the late MGM musicals, and this version of 
Enter the Wardrobe... This is quite simply the best book to film adaption ever accomplished by Hollywood. EVER.I am an author myself, and part of what inspired me was Narnia. 
Charade the Real Thing. Misdirection, romance, murder, all wrapped up in a Givenchy gown and the focus of Cary Grant - that is Audrey Hepburn in this scrumptious movie. An 
movie review. excellent comedy. good choice if you need a good laugh. rodney dangerfield and bill murray at thier bes  
Sad Next-to-Last McQueen Film. Tom Horn is a difficult film to watch at times knowing what we now know of the painful debilitating illness that star Steve McQueen suffered in 
best character I have seen...in a long...long...time!. You know, the new Star Wars movies did not have a character that could hold my interest, but the monster in this movie 
 These babes are a real health hazard. . Loyalty amongst thieves is the theme in the French crime film Touchez Pas au Grisbi. Aging gangster Max Jean Gabin is 
A Dream Come True. What has it been now - five years of watching the season-end Super Bowl DVD s? Unbelievable. How time flies when you re having fun!I ve 
ONE OF THE BEST SCARY FILMS!. I LOVED IT. IT IS CHEESY ENOUGH TO BE DIFFERENT! PLEASE BRING THIS OUT ON DVD AND CAPTION IT FOR US OLDIES . I 
perfect rendition of a glorious novel. I m always very much torn as to whether I should review the book or the movie in these cases, especially since I m 
Doctor Who meets Isaac Asimov meets Frank Herbert meets Agatha Christie. The Robots of Death is one of the best stories of Doctor Who s fourteenth season Tom Baker s 
An Intriguing Movie with a First-Rate Performance by Ormond. Even though the story falls off a little towards the end, I like this movie a lot. It has a cold, 
GREAT. I am a Special Education Teacher. I used this video twice weekly last school year with my classroom of 9 kids with disabilities. We now use the same poses 
Very Satisfied Customer. It was recieved earlier than expected and in perfect condition. I was very satisfied with my purchase  
Happiness is -To Follow that Dream. The story of a squatter family is a rollicking success. Arthur O Connell as the pappy is hilarious. The dialogue is cleaver and Elvis 
In Appreciation of Bruno Kirby. Bruno Kirby passed away not too long ago...wow...it really kind of blew me away...he was so young and talented and still had so much to 
this dvd is great!. i just bought this dvd when it was released. it s so awesome! it has all these cool and sexy pics of christina aguiulera, and past 
Great DVD...Fun and Easy to Follow. My husband and I are no longer sitting on the sidelines watching everyone else having a great time on the dance floor...we re out 
Columbo Rocks!. If you like Columbo like I do you just gotta have the 5th. Season!It s another piece of the puzzle : Enjoy!  
A Beautiful Wedge of Giallo Eye Candy. With Franco Nero as the lead and cinematography by the multiple Oscar-winning Vittorio Storaro you d be a fool not to expect an 
Seconds for Gilmore Girls. Lorelai, Rory, Sookie and the Stars Hollow community return for the second season of Gilmore Girls DVD. A bad boy comes to town, Lorelai s father 
A must have... If you love the blues, and especially if you are a guitarist---you will LOVE this DVD. I ve watched it several times and and just keeps getting 
Excellent DVD edition. This 20th anniversary edition of Platoon is the DVD we ve been waiting for. Picture and sound are excellent and offer the best experience of Oliver Stone 
It just keeps getting better. Please Robbie we need more  
A Mixed Review. I thought the acting was BAD; no one was believable. But, despite that, the story line was very moving. I will be thinking about the message for 
no easy answers for life s great questions. The last of Eric Rohmer s Six Moral Tales begins with a man, Frederic Bernard Verley watching his wife step out of 
His best stand-up...ever. If you ve never seen Richard Pryor s stand up, then watch this one...it s the best he s ever done.  
a hoot for kids, enjoyable for adults. The animals are charming, the characters are... well, characters, and the plot is comical. There was nothing in the film that made me 
Tom Hanks... got a love him!!!. I bought this movie because I love Tom Hanks pictures not all of them, but 99.98 . This is another classic young Hanks; a 
Fantastic!. i ve been wanting this since show was canceled. its just too bad there isn t anything beyond this season. many kudos and such  
Ex-Girlfirend... na na na na na na na na na na na. It s great! The bonus stuff is great. Who wouldn t love this band. Espically if you re 
Less Than Six Degrees of Separation. CRASH is a movie about race and ethnicity in L.A. However, the film is more than that. It s also a movie about how 
Excellent Documentary. The performance footage alone would be worth the price of this 1 hour documentary that focuses on the music and life of John Coltrane. Clips are included from 
Keep Doing it!. At first I hated this DVD...I tried the cardio segment and I got quite frustrated with all the moves. However, I was determined to do it all 
Love this Anniversary Edition. A wonderful classic musical with exquisite costumes. Can t get enough of the karaoke within the movie and the songs only options  
I LOVE CSI!!!!!!!!!!. This is my mom s name not mine. I m a teenager and I love CSI. It is the best show is the world!!! It really is 
Great Product - Fantastic Bargain. I recommend this DVD set for anyone even halfway interested in John Wayne and or John Ford films. Great editions of eight classic or near 
Live your life and don t waste it. Death comes too quickly, enjoy life while you may is the theme of this picture by Kurosawa. An old man, 25 years 
Murphy at his best. Eddie Murphy s Boomerang is not only one of his best work, but one of the top movies in Black cinema. No movie collection could be 
Just Ok. the movie really did not have a complete story line....the acting was ok, I was expecting more  
Get it: Do it!. This is a wonderful DVD of gentle yet productive movement that actually based on Somatics, by Thomas Hanna. If I had know about it I would 
The drama of war is played out by the young.. This is my favourite movie, and the cinematography and music are amazing. In addition the various themes of belonging, loss, 
Very dark - very scary. Se7en is one of the best thrillers ever made, and if 12 years later you still haven t seen it then you have missed a 
What A Great Series. I am so happy that I chose to buy this product.The DVD s came in perfect condition and right on time. This set is wonderful, you 
Solid Four Stars. Worth seeing, no doubt. However, makes you wonder what a true genius like Akira Kurosawa would have done with such an original premise.This director here misses having 
 How big a chump can you get to be? I was finding out. . Directed by Jacques Tourneur Cat People, I Walked with a Zombie, Night of the Demon 
Unique archival footage; better than you thought possible. While a few tracks are merely good, most are excellent, and some are simple amazing. The Howlin Wolf tracks are the best 
A Christmas Classic. This is one of those Christmas movies that you can t get through the holiday season without seeing at least once. The animation is charming and the 
John Wayne and Jear Arthur sizzle onscreen. An unusual wartime comedy-romance, starring the ever-delectable Jean Arthur as a big-city girl who takes a bus tour out West to see some 
Great workout. You cannot go wrong with Minna. She s terrific. The aerobics section is wonderful and the editorial review is right on the money about the aerobics - it 
There exist TWO versions of this DVD!. There are two versions of Merlin.One is 140 minutes long, and should be avoided!The other is 182 minutes long, and is the full 
A Visual Journey. My father introduced me to this doc. when I was fairly young, and I loved it at even a young age. It combines news and movie clips 
The First And Perhaps Greatest War Film Made. Made only twelve years after the end of World War I, this 1930 epic is the first of its kind in the 
A real mob comedy. A laugh from beginning to end. Danny and Joe are like Abbott &amp; Costello.They complement one and other like a hand and a glove or a 
Ultimate Combat. Universal Soldier is one of the best action films from Jean Claude Van Damme. The film was released in 1993. The movie is based on an awfully chilly 
Thorough!. Suze is very thorough in this particular book regarding putting together a financial setup that will help you feel secure financially. If you are looking for more of a 
if i could give it 10 stars. This may not be my favorite movie ever, but if its not then my favorite is no better. This film is beautiful, not 
Definitive portrait of Robert Kennedy. I have read just about every book and watched just about every movie that there is regarding Robert Kennedy, and I ve got to say 
 Genius on Tap . Being a champion Irish dancer and probably one of the best Flatley dance impersonators, this DVD is superb with great footage of Michael Flatley and 
Some new rare TV show offerings, but some re-issues. Disney DVD has announced 4 episodes that will be included in this collection:1 The Fourth Anniversary Show : 1957 DISNEYLAND season 
A disarmingly poignant, exceedingly human film. I can t help but believe that Batteries Not Included would never have been made without the imprimatur of Steven Spielberg stamped upon it. 
Good movie, lacking special features. The movie was as humorous as I remembered it the second time around, probably more so to persons who can relate to the marriage of 
Excellent. Para mi padre fue una pelicula memorable. Le record sus das de gloria en la naval  
Small World! I Married One Too!!. The title of this film almost guarantees schlock, but surprisingly doesn t deliver it. Sure there s a bit of schlockiness, there almost has 
A True Survivor. This movie is like one of my all-time favorites just as the book is, btw . I think enough reviewers here have said everything relevent that there 
AWESOME!!!!. This is the VERY BEST Harrison Ford move ever!!!keep up the good work  
Great movie. We have always enjoyed this movie! With several history bufrs iin the family, this DVD has made the rounds  
Good Vintage Video. The audio video quality of the original movie is not quite up to modern picture and sound standards, and the original play and movie we indelibly tied 
Beautiful film... I just happened to catch the beginning of this movie on the Starz network this morning. I hadn t planned on watching it, but I got hooked and 
Funny, heartwarming...truly one of my all time favorite films... `Cool Runnings is one of those movies I can watch over and over again and never get sick of it. Based 
chocolate delight. Maybe better than the original. I liked that they focused on Wonka s childhood throughout the film. That was something that really added to the storyline. They really 
Excellent. this is an excellent biography about one of wrestling s biggest stars ever. this dvd is loaded with extras and some easter eggs. the extras are what makes this 
Bring on season 2. We waited long enough for season 1-what s the holdup on the release of season 2  
Man, what a pleasant surprise!. My ex-boyfriend used to tell me how great Scrubs was and I tuned in once but couldn t catch on to the show. So I 
I m hooked!!. This is my favorite dance exercise dvd!!The dvd shows the short tahitian routine that you will learn in the dvd. Then you have a small warmup. From 
Invitation to Dance: Ballroom. My partner and I did not know how to dance and we find this instruction excellent and easy. We were able to pick basic steps immediately 
great workout. This is a great DVD. The workouts are fun and the instructor is easy to follow. The DVD consists of 5 workouts with various themes-a warmup, kickboxing, bootcamp-style, 
All About the Benjamins. All about THE Benjamins is a funny @ movie.Mike Epps is funny. The polt of the movie is very interesting and funny. I recomend that you 
THE HEART IS WHERE HIS MUSIC LAY. Born into a family surrounded by music, Mozart was like many of today prodiges, with one exception... he excelled at what he did 
Wonderful movie for the family. This movie is a wonderful recollection of the era, and what the women players dealt with. Until this movie came out, I had never heard 
Excellent for chidren. My 3 year old grandson loves Batman and Scooby Doo, so this couldn t have been better. He watches it over and over and is thoroughly entertained. 
Very good film, but picture quality lacking on DVD. I only have one trifle to add, as others have written detailed reviews of the film and did a better job 
Excellent and Fun!!!. This is a very well done video.To learn the sounds of the alphabet Tad visits the Letter Factory. In the Letter Factory the letters of the Alphabet 
Greed And Apathy = Horrible Results. Whether you re green or industry , a smoker or an asthmatic, rich or poor, WHO KILLED THE ELECTRIC CAR is a great look 
Awesome!. I have all the bonds movies on DVD, but every time I see one on tv I catch myself watching them. Yes, some are better than others, but all 
Much better than I thought. When this movie came out I was turned off by the stupid title and unattractive cast. But when I saw it recently for the first 
Labrynth - David Bowie. I love this movie. I ve enjoyed it with my children and now am watching it with my grandchildren. I think it s suitable for children 
Easy and enjoyable. I found A.M. & P.M. Yoga-Conditioning for Weight Loss to be easy and enjoyable. I absolutely agree with Suzanne s intro: this yoga workout will not evoke 
Even better than expected. Let me say right away that I enjoyed and appreciated the elements of Steam Punk in this film. People who enjoyed Steam Boy , Neal Stephenson 
beautiful movie in HD. warner made another beautiful HD transfer. I can t find another wrong, no grain anywhere. Just a perfect crystal clear image from start to finish. The 
An 8-year-old s review. Of course, I think this movie is super! The reason I rated it 5 stars is because of the plot. Actually, there were a few plots, 
robh5200. A terrific movie bringing to life a legendry hero that has been revitalised using modern technology colour at last! to bring it into the 21st Century, but without the 
A Movie With a Message. Like a lot of writers, Woody Allen puts a little bit of himself into each of his films. If you pay attention, it s easy 
A Great Collection !. A wonderful collection. Has the most innovative DVD menu that I ve ever seen  
Grease with Attitude . As much fun now as it was the first time I saw it.The music is great, the kids are cool.How can you not love this movie 
hail to the radskins. Great dvd to watch over and over again! We need more dvd`s put out about the washington redskins  
Pleasantly surprised. I decided to watch this film and screen it for an undergraduate class on representations of black leadership in American culture, and I expected it to be, like 
Ok, I had to review to get the stars up - really a 4 star . Ok, Let s get the review right here. DONT BUY THIS SET!!! at least 
A great adaptation. I loved the book and was happy to hear it was being made into a movie. I didn t know at the time that it was a 
Winged Migration. One has to appreciate the time and efforts of those that made this film. It is one of the best nature films I ve seen. Everyone should watch 
A race like no other!. Here is a rather bizarre premise. What if, in the future, there was a race between New York & California? Not such a huge concept 
Not the Average Slasher. I see some people on other sites giving this film a bad review when most of them werent probably even Born when this came out. The 
Elmer Gantry. This is a great movie but unfortunately the dialogue was out of sync with the picture. I have tried to convey this info to Amazon without respose or 
 Carrie . Item shipped right away with no problems!!! Thanks AMAZON!!! Great special edition!!  
One of Ben Stiller s funniest films!. 12 year old Gerry Garner joins a group of heavy kids that are sent to their favorite fat camp for the summer, Camp 
Charming!. I love this movie. It s a simple story, full of the charm and humor of family life. And with three strong female leads - who could ask for 
Huge cast makes it real. Seven Days in May has everything going for it - directed by John Frankenheimer from a screenplay by Rod Serling with an all star cast 
buckle up and bring the Kleenex. I initially was not interested in watching this movie in the least. My dear mother-in-law was visiting from Iran and desperately needed to have 
Stunning visuals and extremely informative. Saw this on PBS and had to get it to show my wife. John Lithgow s narration is great and the visuals are stunning - 
A deft mix of drama and humor in the California wine country. One of the best movies of 2004 was this highly entertaining feel good drama comedy of a week-long 
Loved it. It was a good dvd, I ejoyed the songs and really liked the guitar playing. I think he is great.  
HILARIOUS. Katt Williams is a fool. I stayed laughing. After I saw it on HBO, I couldn t wait for it to come out on DVD  
Guile and Cunning... The Man Who Never Was is a nicely-done movie dramatization derived from the book of the same name by former British Intelligence Officer Ewan Montagu. Montagu played 
NOT YOUR RUN OF THE MILL MARTIAL ARTS MOVIE. I am not a fan of martial arts films and I have not seen any other Jet Li movies. I did 
Disney s Version of Batman Lite. Caped crime fighter Darkwing Duck is Disney s version of Batman with the Shadow s cape and hat thrown in. St. Canard is really 
Nice Job MLB. Though MLB is not known for their film production like the NFL is, this DVD was done well. A little to much curse talk, but a great 
5 stars as a movie with a lesbian theme; 4 stars as any movie. This is not a 5-star movie in terms of quality, but a 4-star one. But as 
Bojack is unbound. This is how I rated this movie:Story 3.5 out of 5 : Classic Dragonball Z, I liked the tournament setup it makes the world tournament mor important.Visuals 
Lonesome Dove Collection. I already had the Movie Lonesome Dove on VHS, it is nice to have all 3 available on DVD as I travel extensively, and enjoy watching movies 
keeps getting funnier!!. funny as hell just like the first only better!!! your eyes will water laughing at this movie  
Groundbreaking 90 s Medical Drama. Okay, I remember in the early 90 s when NBC was beating the other networks with hits like Seinfeld, Friends, and this bigtime drama. Well, 
loved the workout years ago, loe the DVD. Leisa Hart is by far the best STEEL instructor, i have always loved her style and consider her my own personal trainer 
Great for the younger crowd!. As someone who didn t live through the 70 s and doesn t know all too much about 70 s filmmaking, this was a great 
Nanny McPhee Review. This movie is great for people of all ages. It is actually clean with an a wonderful story  
One of the best!. English is not my first language but oh well , I wanna write this review anyway!I read many reviewers say about the inacuracy of Schidler s 
troll 2. three words: Oh My Goooooooooooooooooodddddddddddddddddddddddddd .troll 2 is an incredible, unintentional masterpiece, beginning to end.from joshua s mother insisting joshua, sing that song i like so much mom, 
Skip Blue s Room and watch the 3 Blue s Clues episodes. After the Blue s Room episode are 3 excellent shows, all with Joe -- The Alphabet Train, Let 
Modest But Ingratiating Allen Effort Features an Effectively Blowsy Farrow. Mia Farrow is the big surprise in this minor-league Woody Allen comedy from 1984. Before he started deifying Hannah and 
review: dust to dust. I loved this movie! We watched it in my spanish class, and I had to go home and buy it. The story is wonderful, the acting 
Jari Love is Great!!!. Jari is fantastic. I am a huge fan of her style of working and her videos make me feel like I am taking my fitness to 
Lonesome Parrish. A truly great performance by Robin Williams as the lonely guy who desperately wants to be more than just a average photo developer, he fantasize about being a 
Enough already!!!!!! Not guilty. This whole situation is sickening, for many reasons, most of all that people still won t admit to there bungling. I asked a friend of mine 
Great Movie. I have loved this movie since I watched it in high school on the bus for fieldtrips. This is an excellent movie. It is a movie that unlike 
Spend 30 million and have fun!. First, let me say that I love this movie. Brewster s Millions is great, and I m biased. The combination of sports, comedy, and 
My name is nobody. awesome, very funny, brings back memories of my dad from my childhood when we used to watch comedy westerns. :  
I am usually cynical but... .... this time I was pleasantly surprised. Love the short sections as I get bored very easily. Can t believe how quickly the thigh section 
Wonderful Rita Hayworth And Some Great Kern Gershwin Songs. This Columbia musical may be something of an artifact now, but it was designed to showcase Rita Hayworth. It does it 
Quality of DVD is as Good as I could hope for. First saw this on tv many years ago and have watched the tape I made from it many times. 
Doctor Who, First Season. At first I had a hard time getting used to the new Doctor, having such a fondness for Tom Baker. I soon fell in love with 
Comedy with A Serious Grain of Truth. Spoilers here a little -- This film is fun to watch. I love the rapport between characters. Clarke Gable is wonderful as the 
Exellent performance, This is a collection DVD. This DVD is a must have. The quality of the video is barely acceptable, the soundtrack is good. The music selection is excellent 
Very good movie in Concept and Acting, but Beware, you may get dissapointed at end!. This movie is difinately not an entertaining hollywoodic movie. so it my embarrace most of 
More Real Than A Documentary. Primary Colors is a fictionalised account of Clinton s first presidential race.John Travolta does an excellent impersonation of Clinton.Mike Nichols directed and Elaine May wrote 
SPECIAL EFFECTS STEAL THE SHOW. In the mid- 50s, Columbia released a trio of nifty black-and-white monster movies: It Came from Beneath the Sea, Earth Vs. the Flying Saucers and 
Keke Palmer is awesome!. When I saw this movie, I thought that it was inspirational and it taught good life lessons, it s entertaining, and the music was great!!I am 
POD. The best movie ever, which happens to be the best DVD ever with the greatest bonus features of all time.Also, the soundtrack is quite possibly the most amazing soundtrack 
A Little Far Fetched but Funny. Accepted is an enjoyable comedy, although a little hard to believe. Bartelby B. Gaines is a high school senior who has one major problem. 
Jacks great but I lust for Angelique Lara Parker . I have a substantial movie collection with dedicated concentration on actress s I lust for. And no, not In my 
delToro, very well done, semi-scarey, sad story about the. people that do most of the suffering, the children, during war time. Pretty decent people run the only orphange for miles 
Triumvirate of Death: The Menace of the Deep Blue Sea. It all begins with a noble cause, the desire to cure Alzheimersand other debilitating mental diseases and thus release those 
this follow-up to deathrace 2000 isn t as much fun but as an action movie it s top notch. after deathrace 2000 hit it big they quickly got david carradine 
New York Times Review. If you love The Simpsons then you re gonna like this dvd set. You will also like this if you like dvd sets. Check out the 
What more could you ask for?. How about chapter stops and fixing the sound problems? : Apart from that, the South Park DVDs are great to have. Trey and Matt 
A forgotten classic well worth rediscovering. Dead End is a classic, but one that s pretty much been forgotten these days and is rarely revived on TV, let along the 
ALL ROADS LEAD TO JAGUARA. The wolf fur is definately hitting the fan in Volume 6 of the impressive series Wolf s Rain. Cheza is being held captive along with 
A Must See. Anytime existential angst overtakes you, watch this movie. A gorgeous work of art that leaves you feeling warmly connected to the Human Family, warts and all. This 
Great. I don t know what you want me to say... they are games and my kid loves them.  
excellent historical footage. Great, informal footage and music of a historic time with Joan Baez, Bob Dylan and many others - in their -early - prime  
More important culturally than musically. Being a rock icon in the 60s or 70s was very different from what it is today. Here is Jimi, smart, funny, humble and articulate. 
you gotta love spongebob!. I was a bit reluctant to buy this after I read some of the negative reviews......however, I am so glad I did. We are diehard Spongebob 
Yet another Repackaging of a classic. I have an almost pathological devotion to this Film. Like Cassablaca it is that rare meeting of the right director with the right cast 
Eat your lunch... it ll get cold... huh huh huh... This is just of those films that get better with age - - In fact, the pleasant 1950 s well 
You don t know what you got....till you lose it. I ve never been a big fan of Jim Carrey....the guy is just a little too mainstream, too glib, and 
A New Hybrid. Scotland, PA was a hilarious adventure for me. I laughed hysterically. I didn t realize until I read professional reviews that the film didn t work because 
even the tweekers can relate. i love this movie. it s picture perfect in a life of a tweeker and their enviroment.WHERE IS THE SOUNDTRACK TO THIS MOVIE?????  
Catchy songs for toddlers...and adults!. My 2 year old loves watching the DVD as well as listening to the CD in the car. I have to admit that I have 
I d rate it 10 stars but 5 is the most Amazon offers. Brilliant. But watch it after 1-4 and make sure you buy 6-7 too. Awesome viewing. Lock yourself 
Why isn t this movie More widely known?. The movie is not widely heard of, but I think that it is one of the great, sweet movies out there. It 
Bizarre but entertaining. Most people don t like this film..I love it..Not because it has a great storyline,or because the acting is outstanding..No..I love this film because it is bizarre..There 
Deeply Inspirational. What an inspirational and important message this wonderful movie has to convey. As a teacher myself, this movie reminded me of some very significant aspects of teaching and 
Miracle Mets. This set has the last game of the NLCS with the Astros game 6, all 16 innings , and all 7 games of the World Series. I was 
diva match only. Torrie Wilson vs Dawn MarieMatch went a little slow in the begining but then went to a catfight then it ended with a swinging neckbrakerWWE Womens ChampionshipVictoria 
The Best DVD I Own. This DVD is essential to all fans of the Band. There are about 6 or 7 songs from the soup tour that show how good 
great movie. this is an excellent movie.great story, great direction, and wonderful acting!!!!  
A cleaner digital transfer makes it worth it. I already have the It s a Wonderful Life DVD, that was released in September of 1995. But I still found it 
Going Psycho over this Triple Feature. Shriek Show Media Blasters has been graciously discounting their films lately by releasing 3 similar themed films in 1 box set. Out of all 
Not for the weak & not-limber but easy to follow. I purchased this DVD because it said it was an easier pilates video to do; basically anyone, even beginners, could 
We bottom-feeders don t know no better . . . . To those who hate this movie, please forgive us culturally depraved, lowly, bottom-feeding scum for daring to appreciate the 
The Intersection Of Film, Fact, And Genius - Unforgettable. At its core, this is a film about what happens when a person defies the system, any system. It is the 
It can t get any better than this. John Ford and John Wayne. The two icons of motion picture. May be the best duo ever, director and actor . Now 
The Grand: Series One. A fascinating British costume drama, set in 1920, revolving around the people inhabiting the &quot;Grand&quot; hotel in post WWI Manchester. The plot is driven by the 
Rattle, Hum & Chill Out. I ve read reviews about Rattle n Hum for years now. Everybody gets caught up in the mania of the movie. Honestly, who cares whether 
Worth seeing again.... A very well done film portraying the Kansas-Missouri conflict. The historical accuracy, settings, and acting were superb. Any history buff or civil war afficionado will enjoy this! 
The extras. I am a big Cagney fan, so this set is great for me. I might have considered just buying the 3 Cagney films all by themselves if not 
Edgy animated flick. When the 4 boys Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny sneek into an R-rated Canadian animated flick featuring their two favorite Canadian heroes known as Terrence and Philip 
Great Documentary. I want my children to remember what happened on that horrible day; this dvd will greatly help. The events of September 11th are well documented from beginning to 
But where are the 39 episodes of the first season????. Yes, yes, we got all of the one-hour episodes. But where are the first season 39 episodes? All of the 
Life doesn t come with any guarentees. Intertwining the stories of various youths growing up in the slummy Rio de Janeiro suburb called the City of God.Based on true events, 
Memorable. I m old enough really old enough to remember watching the original LIVE broadcast of this show and loving it completely and remembering the score which I bought as 
ANDY MILLIGAN WE MISS YOU !!. Most people talk about the great ANDY MILLIGAN as if he was just a funny hack and that pisses me off. The man was 
Fun stuff, and not by any means a lazy knock-off of the original series. I really, really liked the British version of The Office , but was open to enjoying 
The 50s captured perfectly. For those who were not there, this film really does capture the 50s teen experience. The cars, the dress, the town, the attitudes are all perfectly 
CHARMED 6 AND 7. WE LOVED THESE DVD S OF THE SEASONS 6 AND 7. HAVE WATCH THEM SEVERAL TIMES  
Odd item - the alternative Christmas movie, in 3-D. I must say that this item is oddly appealing. While it seems like a nice children s Christmas story in the 
 Seduce My Husband ; Talky But Very Sensual French Drama. Fanny Ardant, Emmanuelle Beart, and Gerard Depardieu. Three French icons are in one film about love. That s Nathalie... 
Remembering. Twenty years later, after PLATOON was released in 1986 and brought some of the horrors of the Vietnam experience to the public s media-jaundiced eye, at last the film 
A trippy, Jewish, Afterschool Special ...and yet.....NOT. It has a ton of individual moments throughout that Jewish viewers will giggle at, or go A-Ha! and yet the non-Jewish viewers will 
Not Bad At All. What more is there to say, I liked it. Funny and a tad bit too silly in parts over all it s a good movie  
Time flies by! Great for abs and back. I disagree with reviewers who claim that the back is not exercised in this video. I am in very good shape, but 
Very nice romantic drama. I origionaly didn t want to watch this film I mean come on a film starring Sandra Bullock but it was my girlfriend who suggested that 
An Early One From Gilliam: Great For The Kids!. This is a fantasy film from director Terry Gilliam. And if you are familiar with Gilliam s work, you will know 
FWs! Twelve O Clock High. This is one of the finest movies made about World War II. What am I saying? It is one of the finest films ever made. 
A seminal film. I saw this first time in the movie theatre, and I got the feeling that most of the audience did not get it at all. After the 
One of the greatest films of all time. Despite what some people might think, Boyz N The Hood is in no way a film that glorifies a gangsta lifestyle. It 
Another fantastic and honest Spike Lee movie ;- . What a great movie. It s very sad to watch in some respects. The colour of someones skin should not create 
Suddenly, the 70 s are cool again.... If you like movies as I do, this DVD set should satisfy any film fanatic with over 21 that s right extra features--clearly 
Perfection. I love this movie, so I couldn t give it any less than the best rating...I d give it more stars if I could  
The Mothman Prophecies - a different take. I just read Dirk s spolier ending to the Mothman Prophecies and had to say huh? Demonic, fallen angles? What? Did we watch 
Right On Cue!. The Hustler features a Paul Newman performance that equals anything Marlon Brando, James Dean, Montgomery Clift, or Steve McQueen intended to accomplish with their Julliard method acting 
Passion and Politics: Beatty s Challenging and Intelligent Historical Romance. I have waited a long time for Reds to arrive on DVD. It was a film that impressed me 25 
An extraordinary delightful cinematic experience... At the end of World War II when the Nazis were leaving occupied Finland, Veikko, young Finnish soldier, is chained to a rock. Veikko struggles 
Excellent old time classic! You ll love it!. Have to say that I was really surprised to see one of my favorite films come to DVD. And very pleased. The 
this DVD is soo cool i show all my friends. this DVD is just rediculous. i show all my friends, and they re just speechless. this DVD is good for 
Smooth jz1. Great disc the talent on this disc is just fantastic.Not one average performance Chris has established himself among the giants  
Beautiful film. I am a dancer. I found the choreography in this movie beautiful, brillient and different. The emotion in it really touched me, and I had actually fallen out 
nooooooooooo, make a sequel damnit. i just watched mask of the phantasm and this one, subzero, since i missed out watchin them when they first came out. i just want 
Great DVD. Being a geek history buff I really enjoyed this DVD.If you ve read Robert X. Cringely s Accidental Empires , or watched his Triumph of the Nerds or 
A goof!. There is a goof during the battle scene with the ninjas: the scene where Cruise is on the ground with a ninja on top of him trying to 
Hot!. Of all of the movies that I own, I keep coming back to the Shaft movies. I wish that they could have made more of them. Don t listen 
A Must For All Rita Hayworth Fans. Although this film often seems a little unreal at the beginning it developes into one of a number of marvelous Rita Hayworth dancing 
Worth watching!. This is a very good movie. The acting was quite good and the script was good, also. There were some exceptionally touching moments that really grab the viewer. 
Short. It is very dissapointing that VH1 format allows less than an hour 10 songs at the most . We own Rod Stewart, The Doors & Meatloaf concerts as well 
One of my very favorites!. War-torn Netherlands during WWII is the setting for this story of a canadian soldier named Walt, on a mission to liberate Holland and in search 
Wow! What a great movie!. What makes this a great movie? The realism, suspense, twists, cute dudes, no nudity, lots of thought provoking comments and situations. I rented this movie 
GOOD MOVIE. IF YOU LOVE TOMMY LEE JONES YOU NEED TO SEE THIS MOVIE. IT IS ACTION FILLED & INTERESTING. ANN HESHE IS ALSO GREAT IN THIS MOVIE  
Not as finely polished as the cars. When auto detailers try to make a video this is what you get. The basics are in here but they only seem like 
A decent movie for children. My daughter recieved this a few months ago, maybe longer than that. She watches it every now and then on request , but it is 
From angst to emptiness. This movie traces the male attitude toward sexual relations from the 1940s to the late 60s. Jack Nicholson and Art Garfunkel are the two male friends 
Five Stars for One Star. By that title, I mean this collection gets 5 stars because of its one star, Boris Karloff. Karloff was a fine actor when given fine 
Sahara. I can t believe that this movie is not better known. Amazon suggested this movie and I got it as part of another purchase. It is well done and 
A great feel good movie. Yes, it is a simple, uncomplicated story. Yes, they could have developed the relationship between Hugh Grant and Tara Fitzgerald a little more. But despite 
Delightful Deanna Durbin. a great collection of Miss Durbin s filmsCan t Help Singing a wonderful favorite  
Feminist Response to Jane Eyre. This is a great response to Bronte s Jane Eyre. Here we get Edward Rochester s wife s version of the story. She portrays Rochester 
Can you handle this truth about our HERO?. A very brief review: If you both like and respect Joe Strummer ... if you realize that he invented his own mold 
Wonderful Period Drama Comedy of 1900-1910 s London. After I spied this series on my local library s shelves & saw that it was about a female aspiring chef set 
Amazing!. Director Quentin Tarantino really blows up minds with this movie. One of the best films made in this time. Tarantino takes us back in time to an almost samurai 
It was ok. I once read something King had written about himself: when I get a bad review, I just kill a old ladie or a kid.Well when I saw 
Excellent Movie With a Strong Message. Boyz n the Hood was one of the most important movies of the 1990 s. It is both an excellent movie about life in 
Harvey=Hilarious. James Stewart in a roll that is anything but Vertigo. Here Mr. Stewart plays Elwood P. Dowd a likeable fellow who s only problem is his friend Harvey, a 
The Wiggles Rule according to my 2 year old! . My daughter loves this DVD - it has some of their older songs and the new ones too! It is 
I must say, it was really good. I have read and reviewed the book by Stephen King, and it was excellent. before I watched it, I found out that it 
Excellent documentary. This is a very well done documentary and, although the topic is depressing, it s definitely a must-see. In 1994, Hutu extremists killed over 800,000 Rwandans, mostly Tutsis, 
unconventional western with afro-americans. Visually stunning, extremely rich in detail, fast action sequences, innovative camera movements, and an historic interpretation of afro-americans settling in the west in the late 800 
Realistic, Yet Hopeless War Story. Based upon director and writer Oliver Stone s own experiences in Vietnam, PLATOON was the first major motion picture about that war directed by a 
My dog Loved it!. I am not kidding! My dog just sat right in front of the tv and watched this movie from beginning to end! He really loved this 
I don t know about all these other cats, but I liked it. This movie is full of prop comedy, it s the Beatles being comedians, but now I must 
The Duet That Couldn t Shoot Straight. I watched the last third of Face Off a few years ago while changing channels on TV. I thought that what I saw 
The start of novel shows. I watched Northern Exposure when it was on TV so its understood that I like it. Does anyone buy DVDs of things they have not 
Charming and filled with fun and laughter. In a world filled with headlines on war and hate, you and your family will enjoy these timeless classics that enthralls people of 
Enjoyable, but... Like others who have reviewed this DVD I have read all of Ian Rankin s work, and enjoyed them mightily. Rebus is one of my favorite crime mystery 
romantic vision of a beautiful story. When you watch this film, you have to think back and analyze the time period. The Story of Ruth was made at a time 
Still love it!. Great movie, great delivery time, still entertaining! Not as scary as when I was in elementary. Very happy  
The Real Thing. Oh, what they did to this franchise with those lousy movies. It s like what they do with the Tom Clancy books to movies except Red October 
If you have tears, prepare to shed them now. Poor Josie has a rough time with a husband who beats her, two children, one of whom is illegitimate from a 
A fine effort, eclipsed only by the brilliance of its subject. I really like these DVDs, and highly recommend them to both fans of the Minutemen and those curious about 
A Father s Love. This film is one of my favorites. I am a self-proclaimed Tim Burton fanatic but this one is really up there for me.Ewan McGregor does a 
The opprobrious blindness!. Around a brutal and mysterious murder of a soldier, a young attorney will be sent to investigate this dark and bitter incident. A curious honor code seems 
Strong Story Line Scary FX = Well Done Horror Flick. THE NEST is one of those horror movies that are light years ahead of their better publicized yet less competently 
Amazing Film. I saw Aberdeen at a film festival last March. It is an all around wonderful film. I fell in love with the characters and their journey to Kaisa 
The Pink Loveboat. One of my favorite movies of all time. Cary Grant and Tony Curtis were in their prime. A great family movie from the classics  
A great addition to Brainy Baby Right Brain. The Brainy Baby Right Brain is the first of the Brainy Baby series I bought. Then I came across Laugh and Learn 
Some of the funniest comedy I ve seen in ages. I originally bought the first DVD because I had heard some Jeff Foxworthy standup on an internet radio station. I 
The four different dance segments means workout is fun. I like the energy and enthusiam Denise Austin brings to her workouts and this DVD is no exception. She really helps 
Must See Film. Tora! Tora! Tora! is an exciting and visually stunning film about the attack on Pearl Harbor, told from both the Japanese and American points of view. It 
A Righteous Movie about an Unrrighteous War. During the Vietnam war, many air crews were frustrated by the political nature of target selection. Real, worthy targets of military significance were 
beautiful, cannibal masterpeice. although ruggero deodatos cannibal hollocaust is probably the gratest cannibal film ever made, i must say that his earlier film, jungle hollocaust is much more enjoyable. the 
Angela. Anything Angela touches is worth watching. The rest of the cast did a very good job. Very enjoyable movi  
friday after next jingles the bells merrily. saw the trailer online and knew I d love it on dvdI was rightlaughed my ass off 8 times after watching itso many 
Very taught, very intriguing. My wife and I saw this movie on its opening weekend and both of us were blown away by the storyline and the acting. We ve 
GOT TO HAVE IT!. This first season is a MUST for any Unit fan. It is the entire first season with some special extras. Love it  
Interesting mystery suspense film. I was impressed with this film. The actors Orson Welles, Edward G. Robsinson, and Loretta Young live up to their names and don t disappoint. Edward 
The Real Evil Dead. No other movie has ever become such a booming sense of reality to my life than the evil dead movie s.. Bruce Campbell is one if 
Magnificent!!!. I haven t seen the original Seven Samuri , so this is has no conparisons. As a western, this might be one of the best I ve seen. Yul 
Stylish Supernatural Thriller. What Lies Beneath is a stylish supernatural thriller that guarantees the viewer to be kept anxiously on the edge of their seat. Michelle Pfeiffer and Harrison Ford 
Excellent Box Set! Shame on Amazon!. Well, I must tell you guys: this product is awesome! It has everything a fan of Batman needs and wants! The only bad thing 
Praise for House of Eliott. I remember when this series was first aired on my local PBS station. Sadly I never got to watch the entire series. When an online 
Walk the Line. Captured Johnny Cash and helped explain the man himself. The incredible job turned in by all the actors was riviting! Unforgetable  
A United Kingdom. I won t dwell on a synopsis of the film, as you can read that in many of the 400 reviews here.It s an very good film, 
why the bare bones version. I had been searching for this dvd for about 3 years now and had no luck as it was out of print. Then finally I 
Best of the series anyway. Let s go easy and be fair: Caged Heat deserved its rank as the best of the women-in-prison series that marked the glory days of 
more murder more guts more fun. after fumbling the ball with subspecies 3, full moon ent and ted nicolau bring this superb horror series back on track. don t be 
It s quite surprising how much it holds up. Before South Park came on the air and offended practically everybody with cripple fights to cooking parents in chili to saying 
In The Same League As Old Yeller!. This Tom Hanks and Beasley The Dog movie from 1989 has always been a great movie to watch for it s wonderful story 
Gridiron Gang is a powerful movie!!. I really enjoyed this movie!! It was very touching and great story line! The rock really knows how to play out this character! Great 
australian version has a bonus disc. I was lucky enough to order the dvd from an australian seller and to my surprise it came with an Australian only exclusive bonus 
all right, good one then... akira kurosawa s masterpiece gets the do-over from criterion. this is by all accounts the definitive dvd version of this landmark film, absolutely no question 
Disturbing, but riveting. Hands down one of the best documentaries ever made. As you can see from the variety of reactions here, it is a film that engages the audience 
Buy it. These are excellent performances for a very reasonable price. The look of some of the videos as well as some of the film stock is dated but the 
CHRISTMAS MUSIC STANDS FOR ANDY WILLIAMS. No singer in America can bring what Andy Williams brings to your heart at Christmas time. In this video Andy sings his greatest Christmas 
Inspiring and well-made. Highly enjoyable tale of the life of Marty Maher, the Irish immigrant who rose from humble waiter to become West Point s beloved athletic trainer and football 
A wonderful effort!. O.k. look.....if you are watching or thinking of watching Alien Adventure in 2-D, you are really just wasting your time. This movie is enhanced 3Xfold by viewing 
A Peek Into The World Of Fathers And Sons. FATHERS AND SONS is a film that attempts to explore the complex relationships between fathers and sons. The film is composed 
Another 80 s Coming of Age Movie. This was a cute movie. One thing about this movie that always irked me was the timeline. They made it seem like the 
All Quiet on the Western Front. Just as advertised and very pleased with the item  
I like it. I like it alot. I absolutely love this show. I m probably a little older than their target audience I m 23 but I can t get 
The Great Battle of 1965. This film is about the battle in the Ia Drang valley in 1965 Vietnam. It begins in 1954 when a French patrol is attacked and 
Moving. The Mission was the movie that made me fall in love with Robert De Niro!!! As always, you feel what Robert De Niros character is feeling. You can see 
The Return of Class. The Return of Sherlock Holmes is probably the best season of the Brett series. The eleven episodes are our favorites. Edward Hardwicke is by far our 
Pass; don ` t pass!. This admirable Noir explores the dark side of the human psyche until its final consequences.During the first twenty minutes, there will be a sinister parade 
Whew! Nice........ This thing just is a marvelous piece of work. Period. I ll save the musicology study & superlatives. I was amazed! Pleased.Having grown up playing in orchaestra s 
Very inventive near perfect family film. Ah what a surprise I found in The Dust Factory. This is a good example of the level of quality a great writer and 
Beats U.S. Series hands-down. Gervais is genius! Dawn and Tim romance adorable! I cried at the end of the Christmas party episode  
realistic, loving and caring movie. I love this movie, reading between the acts and the words it is a real love that hopefully will stand against the conservative world. touching 
 I m in charge Youth Chili Cook-Offs. . This is an intimate look at the comedy of Zach at his rawest. A funny man being hilarious. Just plain perfect! 
Very funny, heart-warming, romantic film. Richard Gere and Julia Roberts give magical performances as a shrewd businessman and a lovely prostitute. This immensely popular, modern fairy tale romance is a 
Clap at a movie screen?. Do people actually clap at a movie screen?In 1956, I experienced the tingling feeling of a full-house movie theatre audience reaction which has not repeated 
Cinderella Romantic Comedy. It s been quite a few years since I ve watched this classic pairing of Richard Gere and Julia Roberts. The movie is full of great dialogue 
Atmospheric and creepy!. The Japanese horror movies that I have seen have far surpassed American horror. Infection is a seemingly slow movie, yet I found myself engrossed in the plot, 
Great Movie!. This is a great movie. It teaches children how to accept others for who they are, rather then laugh at them because they are different... Peppermint Fizz may 
-. Look, this was a good movie but the reason it doesn t make sense is due to poor lazy screenwriting. Those of you watching and rewatching this film trying 
Hysterical!. Typical Robin Williams. Some portions drag a little but when he settles in and gets wound up he is on FIRE. This is real tears in the eyes laughter, 
McCartney still rockin . This is an great concert video. The band McCartney has is top notch! However! The interviews and snipits of video in between the songs should have 
FABULOUS. This is one of my favorite movies, it is a great story and one you canwatch with the whole family. A classic in my book  
THE LEGENDARY SUPERSTARS .. GROUP T N T. THE NIGHT YOU GUYS CAME TO TOWN WAS MY BIRTHDAY AND I COULDN T ASK FOR ANYTHING MORE. THE REUNION WAS A 
A comedic showcase for America s most huggable hero. 1980 s Oh! Heavenly Dog, Benji s third movie, is quite a contrast from Benji s first two films. Benji and 
Equipment needed but still a great workout!. I love The Firm tapes. They re challenging and a great workout with minimal high impact. The older tapes have much more high 
There will always be an England. I find World War II movies about the home front more interesting than actual battle scene flicks. More people can relate to the experience 
wish i could give it 100 stars. A friend of mine reccommended this movie to me after watching Just Like Heaven , so I got the DVD and watched it. 
Ridiculous but fun serial!. This is a ridiculous serial What do you expect? James W. Horne is the director! but it s a lot of fun. I particularly enjoyed the 
Great Character Study. I enjoyed this film. It s probably Tom Selleck s best role and Shamar Moore did his character justice as well. Once I saw the ending I 
Oldie, but Goodie for the kids. Good Burger has been a favorite of all of my children for years. They have a hard time renting it at the video store, 
an excellent, gritty WWII film. This low-budget war film boasts a terrific ensemble cast, with an early performance by the dynamic Steve McQueen, and one of the few examples of 
DVD - Christmas Classics. No colletcion is complete without this great 3-movie DVD holiday collection. My family loved it!! Great value for the price!! Strongly recommend it!  
Garland s Best Work and a True Classic. The story is conventional, the idea isn t new it was a remake, in fact , but the true victory of this 
utterly delightful!. Full of suspense, wit, realism. Wonderful characterizion. Richard Attenborough is marvelous, as always  
The Lady Vanishes: Last of Hitchcock s British made films is a masterpiece. The Lady Vanishes has all the elements of Hitchcockian glory mixed to a fine boil for the 
One Good Flick. This film was a riot! The plot wound all over the place -- not predictable at all. This is one that I will watch again every once 
Great. This one is great and I have seen it on TV 2 or 3 times. My favorite model, Petra Nemcova was in it, and she was absolutly wonderful. What 
Brilliant and Hilarious. Eddie Izzard is one of the funniest people alive. His stand up comedy is a riotous combination of the absurd squirrels applying cosmetics the poignant what it 
This list... is an absolute good. The list is life. When it comes to a movie about the Holocaust, you know you are going to get something emotional. Spielberg does 
Dead Zone is still alive. Following Johnny Smith s psychic adventures always makes me feel like I m a part of Penobscot County, Maine. Each episode leaves me hanging for 
Great for beginners. This is good for beginners who wants something challenging, but still doable  
starship troopers umd mini for psp. yes!!! i review the starship troopers umd mini for psp  
Lovely Rita. This film is a delightful treat, sure to be enjoyed by any fans of Astaire or Hayworth. Hayworth is especially lovely and sexy. The highlight of this movie 
Grand Hotel. MGM-- the most prestigious studio from Hollywoods golden age-- paints on the gloss for this first class ensemble production. Garbo and John Barrymore stand out as the doomed 
Great film, not so great dvd. The Movie: One of the boldest and most interesting films of the early 90 s, and one that deserved far more acclaim and attention 
Katherine. I have been looking forward to this video coming out and definately enjoy it. I can see how it may be hard to follow for some, but if you 
An intense experience. Living in a democrasy it is hard to fathom the incredle cruelty of a dictatorship. This excellent film gives us a glimpse of the horrors.It is an 
To repeat, this is a wonderful qigong practice. This DVD definitely offers the real stuff. Master Hu s approach to Wild Goose QiGong is somewhat gentler and softer than some 
skin and bones. david grohl is the man. the foo fighters put on a amazing aucstial performance i must say you should get the dvd it has 6 more songs 
Cult Classics: Earth vs. the Spider War of the Colossal Beast. Love that B&W. These are two classics, that are a must for hardcore collectors. Flaws a plenty, but that 
Extremely Funny. I thought these episodes were hilarious. It s too bad they didn t make more  
Bridget s one of us!. Most single women can relate to at least a page or two out of Bridget s diary. Who, at one time or another, hasn t 
Midsummer Murders set 6. As with all the Midsummer Murders before, they still keep the audience guessing till the last minute. As I have been to the areas where the 
A Double-Dose of Historic Documentation. Stevie Ray Vaughan was a six-string force of nature with his Fender Stratocaster. He was playing small clubs in Texas with drummer Chris Layton and 
bay area thrash at its finest. Having been a testement fan from the start .Legacy , which was there origanal name. played many parties in Dublin CA. This was a 
amazing. My teenage daughters are fascinated with everthing 80s -- which is, of course, FINE with me -- seeing that it was my time. :- This set of movies was 
Cropping DVD = Super 35 format used in most films today. Actually, the cropping seen on the DVD was also on the laserdisc, letterboxed VHS, and theatrical editions of the 
OH DEAR - I MUST HAVE SEEN A BETTER MOVIE THAN MOST. This is the story of Robinson family shipwrecked on an island [not Mars]. I was intrigued to find 
If you love this movie, buy this DVD. This review will not debate the merits of the movie or how it stacks up against other teen movies. Rather, it is 
Man I Like this DVD. This DVD is an excellent collection of Aykroyd s work during the first four years of SNL. Thankfully it is slightly different from the original 
Very Close to the Novel. I ve just finished another reading of Nabokov s LOLITA and then watched the films. I d read the book in college 20 years ago 
Easy Paramount contact info. I have the Republic version and haven t yet decided on the Paramount release. If there is a problem, their contact info is public knowledge as 
Very good Movies!!. Shipped in perfect condition, movies were very good. Very satisfied with the purchase  
Very Appealing Star, Interesting Plot. Marguerite Moreau has the most winning smile I ve seen on any actress. I rented Runaway Jury again just to watch Marguerite Moreau s part 
A recruitment drive with a love interest. Lt. Ward Stewart Tyrone Power is in love with PT boasts he can drop depth charges on sneaky German U-boats that use lifeboats 
Great for sports and digital SLR photography - buy it!. Of all the instruction and training I ve received over the years, I thought this was one of the best, 
Dark comedy. When people tell me that this film doesn t follow the novel I like to point out that Nabokov wrote much of the screenplay for this film and 
ONE OF FULCI S BEST. I remember watching House by the Cemetery about 10 or 12 years ago and remember always considering it the best work of Lucio Fulci. A 
Magic That Is Kumbh Mela. From time immemorial to the present day, devotees have gathered with unwavering faith to receive the blessings of holy saints and bathe in the holiest 
Excellent first season. There was something special about the first season.And this has been colorized,and it realy is great the way they did that.There was a few moments you could 
A sweet, funny movie. I loved this movie.It is a modern day fairy tale, and since it s from Disney you can expect a happy ending. But it is also 
Bound for Glory great for those with interest in Woody Guthrie & Folk Music & Great Depression Dust Bowl. The movie is kind of slow-moving - definitely a character, time 
Interesting Movie. It isn t great drama, but all in all it is interesting. Craig Ferguson is great in it, he even sings. He make the whole film worth watching. 
The BEST HD DVD Concert video yet!. This video is great! Both the audio and video quality are top notch. This is the best HD DVD Concert video that I 
DAS BOOT ORIGINAL GERMAN W SUBT ENGL. EXACTLY WHAT I WAS SHOPPING FOR, AND THIS DVD HAS EXTRA MATERIAL !!WONDERFUL SOUND TRACK I UNDERSTAND IT WAS RESTORED AND IMAGE QUALITY 
Such human depth. The culture in Britain and America are not as Christian as they once were and so much is missed by many on the cultural life of the 
Great movie for kids. My 2-1 2 year old LOVES Clifford and adores this movie. He would watch it non-stop if he could. The story and characters are just right 
Classic in Every Sense of the Word!!. Dick Van Dyke brigns to life Caracticous Pott, an inventer whose inventions never seem to work out the way he wants. One thing 
Great movie ONLY if you were exposed to hip-hop, pre-1990. This movie is brilliant and entertaining and fresh, but sadly most the the reviewers of this movie TOTALLY MISSED the 
A Christmas Classic. For every season, there is a classic movie. In our house, A Christmas Story tops the list when Christmas rolls around. Without a doubt this movie is 
Realistic but not too cynical humor, good chemistry. In Good Company isn t a hilarious comedy, nor a serious, edge-of-your-seat drama - yet something about it made it one of 
My 2 year old loves this!. We have watched it at least 50 times... and I have heard him speak in Spanish now. He also can count. This is worth 
Goodbye Fat... Say goodbye to fattiness and welcome to firmness.A wonderful exercise for beginner. To strength your body, burn calories, and stay fit.It s easy to follow and great to 
No one s been able to live in it. It doesn t want people. One of the supposed reasons why ghosts remain in this world is that they were murdered, 
salute to hollywood. George and Marion looking out for cosmo and his wife.Charming Cary GrantandConstance Bennet are delightful and whitty. The sets are beautiful and the clothes lovely their wit 
A charming film!. Others have gone into great detail about this movie, so I won t. I just want to say that it is the perfect date movie for my 
Great movie. Just saw this movie. I simply LOVED Kate Hudson and Matthew in this comedy cos they made me laugh like mad. My husband and me really really found 
is it the blue wire...or the red wire... With the ever present ticking of a clock and nerve-wracking machine noises in the soundtrack, this is a taut, nifty disaster thriller, 
Stay Sassy, Amazon!!!. I am a big Will Ferrell fan! REALLY BIG!!! I enjoy just about every one of his movies, with the possible only exception of Night at the 
Excellent mini-series. Bob & Rose had me very entertained. I love the way the English use real looking people and human interest in their shows.  
Execellent!!. I read the other reviews below and have to disagree. I quite enjoyed this episode. It isn t really a movie but a hour long episode of the show. 
Cool Sci-Fi movie. Even though this movie came out quit a few years ago, it is still very good and the effects are still good. Good for the sci-fi fan 
Addiction-Days of Wine and Roses. Days of Wine and Roses is a film that AA actually consulted on. The film shows a couple who meet, fall in love, marry and 
Forget the drug talk, pop this movie for your kids instead. This movie will AFFECT YOU. It s designed to disturb, and it will accomplish its mission, regardless of how 
Shangri-La. If you enjoy movies similar to Seven Years in Tibet or any movie featuring faraway fantasy escapes where mankind seeks peace, then this movie might interest you.Lost Horizon is 
Yay. So, i love this version of Twelfth Night - it s the best one out there! The product arrived after a couple of weeks, which was kind of a 
Prodigious Howard Hughes WWI spectacle. Having had my appetite whetted to finally see this flick courtesy of Scorcese s fine The Aviator , Hell s Angels certainly did not disappoint. 
disturbing. at the end of the movie i was very angry with G-d Jesus Christ; that poor woman should not be left alone in purgatory, and if she is, then 
Good movie, great product!. I liked this movie for its action and ancient civilization plot. I could care less if anything is historically accurate. I like the tough characters, the 
Just Hillarious. I was a huge warrior fan growing up and then the guy just vanished. He would come back and then disappear. This disk explains why. WWE just buries 
Great for the Very Beginner!. This DVD was just perfect for us. Each dance step is clearly shown and described. There is a PIP for the steps. Each dance shows 
Scariest Movie I ve ever seen. I am not a horror movie fan, in fact there are very few horror movies that have truly scared me, but this one indeed 
Fantastic Performance by Sally Field. This film was released when I was very young. I remembered hearing all about it but never watched it until now. Sally Field s Oscar 
Favorite Movie. I just love this movie and, after seeing it on DVD, I have a nre found love for it  
Over the Top and Great. A little undiscovered gem.Completely over the top and laugh out loud funny. I m not a fan of sophomoric Hollywood comedies. There s maybe one 
Excellent! Classic Cheech and Chong!. Hillarious movie! They play great double roles as the arab brothers and themselves. There is also a very funny seen involving piotai. Hope I spelled 
Different and fun!. I don t know why people are writing essays on this particular movie, but I thought it was pretty funny and entertaining. I enjoyed it. Some parts 
I never liked the Eagles but... But I really liked this movie anyway. I ve always noticed that Philly fans are kinda like Cleveland fans. They are extremely loyal, win 
Blood and wine is one of jack nicholsons best movies...Ive waited years for the us release...Finally!!!. This movie is an excellent jack nicholson flic...Jack plays an odd wine dealer,who is 
Mai hime. This dvd is great.The original openings and ending are left with japanese writing.The subtitles are not too big and 4 episodes on a dvd is not that bad.I 
Beautiful movie with an amazing Vincent D Onofrio. I love this movie and it s very sad that The Whole Wide World is only available on DVD in the USA.Let 
Shining From Within. We have become a world that is almost obsessed with appearances. We have been lead to believe that if we look or dress a certain way then 
Finally. Van puts out a twofer for his first DVD release. The 1974 set, though short, has some great vocal work I like Twilight Zone especially . The 1980 set 
great date!. Funny enough. sweet enough and romantic enough to be the perfect date movie movie without being saccarine or cross the chick flick line  
Cute. I Love Romantic Movies And This Is The List Topper On All Extents Of Cute Movies. I Love Julia Stiles. She s A Great Actress. Every Hopeless Romantic Should 
Epic, Operatic, Enjoyable. If you liked Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, then see The Bride With White Hair. Drawn from the same sword and sorcery tradition, both movies feature strong female 
Delightful animation with grand music variations. We love all three of these DVD s but our son has fallen in love with the Dance DVD more so. He loves the 
Kurasawa and Mifune s parting of the ways. Red Beard was Kurosawa and Mifune s last collaboration, and it s not hard to see why the actor parted ways with 
What is going to piss me off... Once every season has been individually released, you just KNOW they are going to re-issue the complete series in a deluxe and very 
First-rate Comedy from Televisions Golden Age. I proudly own both DVD collections, & am eager for more! I ve spent an entire Sunday watching a good portion of the episodes 
Philosophically heavy sure, but then thats GITS. The entire GITS universe, whether it be the original manga, motion pictures, or the adapted TV series, are all heavily philosophical so I 
i learned something. I must admit I bought this movie because i wanted to see Anne Hathaway nude but as I watched it I realized that it really was a 
I thought I knew a lot about the movie... ...but the materials Criterion put together for this great two disc set shed new insight and light to one of the 
Great Classic Cary Grant,Jayne Mansfield Movie!!. This is a great classic Cary Grant Jayne Mansfield Movie that s finally released on DVD.It s a must see flick!!  
Fun with French. My dad bought me this video before we go to France for Christmas. It is so much fun and easy to learn. I like playing the remote 
A real hoot for parents of Degrassi addicts. I haven t seen the DVD itself but I ve seen these three shows and I enjoyed them immensely -- but let 
Just the Movie, Commentary and NO OTHER EXTRAS!. This DVD of THE SPY WHO LOVED ME contains just the movie, commentary track and NO OTHER EXTRAS. Despite the Product Details 
Great Manilow Concert in HD. I wouldn t normally have reviewed this disc, but considering the only review was from a disgruntled XBox owner, I had to throw in my 
The bette Davis Collecton. I love this collection. It s Betty at her best. Mr. Skeffington is sad and so funny at the same time. Loved them Loved them Loved 
One of The Greats. It s great that Anchor Bay has released this edition of the dvd because it was starting to become very difficult for people to find Phantasm 
 I m only human. . THE UNITED STATES OF LELAND centers around the mellow, rather indifferent youth that is Leland P. Fitzgerald Ryan Gosling , who has just murdered 
AMAZING VIDEOS. You can say what negative things about this woman, but her vision and statements are loud and clear! From the hypnotic Bad Girl to the haunting Frozen...quite a 
Are you kidding?. If you re reading this, buy the damn thing. This movie will make sweet, sweet love to you with its gigantic, throbbing coolness  
Love It! Love It! Love It!. What a great video this one is. I have been searching for something fun about outer space and absolutely love this video. My two 
Don t try to bluff an expert!. This is one of these films where the supremacy of a thousand carats actor as Ben Kingsley constitutes the sixty per cent of 
OMG that was funny. This movie has a few scary moments but it is really worth watching to make fun of. Me my parents and my sister all watched this 
Still Sounding Great. When I first got this I wanted an HD DVD of a concert just to see if the audio was just as great as people said it 
A VERY SUSPENSEFUL FILM. I have seen the original Dutch version by Director Sluizer, and this one holds up quite well on its own. Jeff Harriman Kiefer Sutherland stops at 
An outstanding and gripping drama. 12 Angry Men is a film whose complexity is buried withinwhat are relatively simple surroundings. A small room in ahigh rise New York building becomes 
Great footage. This dvd is great for new or old fans and also not 1 song is bad, plus the videos are so worth the money. 19 of them you 
A brief comment. I really enjoyed this film, basically the Coen Bros. homage to the film noir genre. I always thought the name was funny, since it s French, and 
Fantastic!. If you have 4 left feet this is the dvd for you!! I have bought around 5 dvd s to help me learn some moves but no one has 
excellently acted war drama. Story of nurses on Bataan &amp; Correigador during WWII. Paulette Goddard deserving of her oscar nomination for this film. Other performances uniformly good. Reflects role of 
GREAT BUY. JUST LIKE I REMEMBERED WHEN I WAS A KID WATCHING ON TELEVISION. THEY UPDATED THE COLOR SCHEME A BIT, BUT EVERYTHING IS AS THE ORIGINAL SHOWINGS ON TELEVISION 
The best cop show on TV. This is abssolutley the best cop show on TV. The whole team makes it all look so easy you wonder why the bad guys 
Great package. This Trilogy is a great package for the Riddick Fan, or as an introduction. The movies are genre classics. Well done  
Rare Laserdiscs - dvds Movies Collector. Mischief is of one of my greatest Romantic movies of the 80s,lol I bought two dvd Copies Cause I love this Movie lots, tis 
Good 3D show. This is not the coming at ya kind of video, but the picture has depth and explains how the shutter glasses work in 1985. Nothing offensive. Mild 
superb movie. This is one of my favorite movies of recent years. It gives a funny and realistic portrayal of high school life and the need to fit in, as 
DO believe the hype!. Let me start by saying anyone who gave this less than 3 stars and advised you not to watch it, is weak. If you don t 
An entertaining ride. A road movie for the fairer sex, Boys on the Side is helped immeasurably by the performances of Mary-Louise Parker, Drew Barrymore, and Whoopi Goldberg. The latter 
THE 7TH VOYAGE OF SINBAD is a Classic. THE 7TH VOYAGE OF SINBAD is a spectacular print. This film is a favorite of mine. The print on this DVD is 
 There lived in this age a very remarkable creature. . W. Somerset Maugham s brilliant novel, The Razor s Edge, was first brought to the big screen via this 
Cmon now! This is a classic!. This helped get me into poplocking in a major way!I searched all over amazon after I saw this looking for hip-hop dance instructional videos 
Difficult to follow, but good nonetheless. I m simply amazed at the reviews this film has received so far; 2 stars??? You gotta be kidding!The Black Dahlia was a bit 
Great movie. This is a great movie and one of my favorites. I watched this movie back in 2002 and bought it a couple of months ago when I saw 
How High... hells yeah. This college professor lives right around the corner from me. One day we were talking about movies and I told him about one of my favorite 
Andrea Boccelli - Amore. I ordered the Pelican Brief for a friend. I can t stand Julia Roberts. I love the Andrea Bocelli cd I ordered. I received it promptly 
My Favorite Movie Ever!!!!!. I love this movie. For my 15th Birthday, My mom ordered it for me: The Video Store lost the order and it took them 6 months 
Enjoyable Soap Opera. I found this film to be a perfect sequel to the original film and in many respects it is much better. Jeff Chandler is excellent in the 
Fancy Lad. uh this DVD is coolI bought because I can t afford the get a life series DVDthey are going for like 90 on ebay!!!!some of the effects where 
Highly entertaining. I loved this movie. It is loaded with stars all of which are surprisingly funny in their roles. In particular, Jimmy Stewart and Henry Fonda shine in a 
I still know what you re thinking... Magnum P.I. was one of my dad s fave shows back when it was a major ratings-grabber for CBS. I d watch an 
Tough Workout. This video got me back into shape this past summer. I was already feeling firmer after about 3 workouts. Emily Welsh is a great instructor, she is cute, 
Polemic against the arms trade. One of the adverts at the start of the version of this DVD which I watched was placed by a campaign against the arms trade. 
What re the kids becoming?. I admit right off that this film wasn t quite what I expected. I d taped something off HBO recently that was similar, about how 
 Chicken in a basket? No, they re Chicken in a Casket! . So these are the words of Calamity Jane, a contender in Roger Corman s low budget farce, 
An Enduring American Black Comedy. There is a very good friend of mine who has memorised the entire script, the whole dialogue of Pulp Fiction. This individual has the entire 
Well done movie - for kids and adults alike!. Yeah yeah yeah, it was intended to kids...but the movie is so well made that grown-ups like yours truly will thoroughly 
Imitation of Life. This is truly a classic - I watched this movie when I was 17 for the first time and I have been looking for this movie ever 
worth it for the hotties!. This movie deals with the fascinating subject of Cuba-US relations. Like Navratilova sp? and Baryshnikov sp again? , Sandoval is a star from a Communist 
Absolutely Classic!!. This movie collection may not be all of the best of Spike s films but definitely a GREAT collection and seperate from that a GREAT price...but those two 
Good content, but needs a more attractive style. I am a HUGE fan of Edward Norton and the environment not necessarily in the same order as stated . I worry 
Excellent insights!!. Great insights of the skills, challenges, and rewards of Puerto Rican ball players  
Strange, but true. This film had a powerful effect on me. 95 of the people I know don t read books. I met a millionaire not long ago, who boasted 
As Good as an Oscar Nominee Gets. All right, this is five stars by the special standards of Hollywood. One could project other expectations. However, I was both shaken and 
What A Hit For HBO!!!!!!!!!!!. I loved the first season I mean the Fisher family is great and clare well she was some thing else in the first season.I tell 
Enjoyable. I utilize this tape on those days that aren t scheduled off days but on which I really have a hard time gathering the oomph for my usual high 
Even after 11 years, still a film worth watching. I remember watching this film 10 years ago on video, and thinking that it was an exciting rollercoaster ride. the film 
Great set of three great films. The Man With No Name Trilogy is the best way to get all the Clint Eastwood you can handle. As I have reviewed the 
Please do an anniversary edition DVD!. If you like emotional thrillers, you ll love this one! The movie starts off showing a pregnant Claire Bartel Annabella Sciorra going to a 
Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid. Excellent movie, but then again, anything with Newman and Redford has to be good  
Words fail to describe this movie. Grace McLean a very young Scarlett Johansson is a teenage girl who suffers a terrible accident while riding her horse. As a result, the 
The true bit of Romance. The film wears this a little too obviously and clearly is trying very hard to be Tarantino-esque, most of the time it works out but 
Post structuralism meets Dawn of the Dead . . . I usually enjoy over-the-top movies that play with a straight face Think Bruce Campbell , and this is one of 
Hey Pinocchio, your nose is growing!. One of the best performances Jim Carrey has given. A very good concept for a film. Funny, refreshing, original and very well done. I 
awesome. This is the greatest movie that i have ever seen. It is funny and the cast does some sweet moves. I personally like the king of the mountain part. 
To see the fount of evil, we must look into ourselves... Most films lose a lot of force if you know to much about the subject, this one is different. 
Bringing DANCE back to dance movies. Hip-Hop and CRUNK dancing has becoming a growing influence in the black culture and this movie excels in showing that influence. The plot is 
Axis of Evil: The Other Side of Prime Time. Producers Jim Swanson, Ilko Davidov, and Warren Leming who narrates and composes and director Carmine Cervi plus a list which reads 
Episodes. 1. The Saga of Cousin Oscar2. Gloria Poses in the Nude.3. Archie and the Lock Up4. Edith Writes a Song5. Flashback: Mike Meets Archie6. The Election Story7. Edith s 
Star Actors at Their Peak Inhabiting Tennessee Williams at His Most Flamboyant in a Rundown Mexican Resort. Flamboyantly flawed characters are Tennessee Williams oeuvre, and I doubt if any of 
The Definitive Version. To me, a great Sweeney fan, musically this concert version is the definitive version. I have one major criticism and that is the inability of Patti Lupone 
Native American Cinema Classic!. I want to tell you a story as it was told to me. This is the thesis of this wonderful three hour film. A grandfather tells 
very good, for action fans. for those who like the martial arts movies and lots of action this is just the movie for you, Jet Li is remarkably skilled and 
One of the great comedies of the silver screen. This is a hilarious movie and ahead of it s time. I won t tell you what happens, because it s 
One of the iconic classics of the genre. If you are a fan of early SciFi movies, this is a must-have for your library. There are some classic shot sequences 
Hip Hop Animal Rock Workout. Myself as much as my youngest daughter & neices love this DVD. The enjoy the work out and I love hearing them laugh at eachother 
Splendid!. It seems, as time goes on, Henley just gets better. With the eagles he came up with The Last Resort possibly one of the prettiest use of chord sequences 
two versions; but i want the one i remember!. Childhood delivered many treasures, among them the beloved Emmet Otter s Jug Band Christmas, which was in my childhood shown on 
Good movie...bad ending... To be short & sweet I d like to say that I really enjoyed this movie up until the extremely brief ending. You get to the highlight 
Classic Candy!. I have always loved John Candy s movies, but this one was by far his best work. Just a total campy, goofy, feel-good movie that you can watch 
Babysitter Fright. I think I had second thoughts of babysitting after I watched this movie. Jill Johnson s fright is so real that it makes you so scared. I know 
Better Than Expected. Vin Diesel is a Seal. He rescues and important scientist the plan goes South. Now the government wants to get the scientist s work by takinging the 
Inspiring. I have not tried yoga before I guess I have always been skeptical because I don t relax easily , but wanted to do something to help me to 
Funiest movie sence Ace Ventura!. LAUGHTER FROM THE END TO THE BEGINING! WATCH THIS MOVIE! Jim Carry Finds a mask and turns him to a cartoon character. Funny parts was 
Great, But Ultimate ?. Straight up, I love Stargate , and that is why I gave this a 5 star rating. I have been a big fan of the movie 
absolutely amazing. The most amazing portrayal of the Anne Frank story that I have ever seen. Keep a box or two of tissues with you and prepare to cry buckets 
Television is reality, and reality is less than television. They say you either love or hate this rather bizarre offering from 1983, but I found myself somewhat indifferent as Videodrome 
Stargate Ultimate Edition . Una de las mejores peliculas que he visto. Tiene un argumento muy novedoso pra los amantes de la ciencia ficcion, se puede ver reflejado en su 
Exc ellent Movie. I love this movie, I d bought it on VHS in Mexico before they had it here in the States and it broke, I m so happy 
Great Running Man - Keep on Going. I thought the movie with Anold Schwarzenegger was exellent and well done. I liked the plot and special effects. It was well done 
Out of time is Timeless. very Smart. Very well-crafted. This thriller suspense works as well in the modern genre and has a sense of the very film noir representation that 
As usual, Larry David is one hilarious man !. I am a huge fan of the HBO show, and season 5 is as good as any season so far, and 
Brilliant Cinematic Distillation of Buuel s Surreal Vision. Luis Buuel began his career filming a short film, Un Chien Andalou 1929 , together with Salvador Dali and they agreed on 
YOU MUST SEE THIS FILM -- IT S GREAT!!!!!. Don t take any notice of the idiots who have written bad reviews here. They have an axe to grind because 
The Flying Nun made me a believer! :o . Granted that peoples viewing taste change as they mature, but I was sooooooooooo thrilled to see this finally come out on 
Loved it. So glad this is on DVD, and it s cheap. Try it, you ll like it  
If you enjoyed Young Lady Chatterley... you ll more than likely enjoy this sequel, which has the added feature of Sybil Danning naked. Most of the cast of Young Lady 
WWE Wrestlemania Anthology ... Worth the Money!. I waited a long time for the WWE to release WrestleMania I-XIV on DVD. I must say that overall I was not disappointed. 
Excellent movie on all accounts. Fly away home is a great family movie or a great movie for someone looking for an uplifting and edifying story. The story is about 
First entire family enjoyable film. The film which came out before I was even born! Is one that I enjoyed when I was growing up and also love to watch 
I loved it!. This movie is one of the most enjoyable movies I ve ever seen. I ve watched it several times and I never get tired of it. A 
newbie to opera. downloaded it- now i m buying it. I ve just really began to understand classical, at 36, via Mozart. It s a personality thing. To 99.9999 of 
from a kids point of view- excellent, higley enjoyable. this was a great movie. the 1st is still my favorite but this is still classic. Columbus sticks to the book 
Hilarious! and educational for stereotypes!. Can t stop laughing through the entire time. But cant deny that he is right about alot of the things he talks about. Who would 
Passionate Movie. Today you re more likely to find Joseph Fiennes in a film like this, a bizarre erotic thriller from Kaige Chen, best known as the director of a 
A good story, that could never happen... Dave is a lot of fun, as a look-alike gets to pretend to be president, gradually gets a big head and tries to 
GET THE CRITERION EDITION. One of the best movies made, if youve never seen it what are you waiting for??, This is a great movie and with Criterion releasing it, 
The Next Step in the Star Trek Anthology and a Historic Event in Television. The Star Trek Collection is a worthy hobby and certainly the largest of the television series 
Good Movie. The acting is very good in this movie as the actors are very good in their parts. Edward Norton does a great job as he plays a sleazy 
3 stars for the movie, 1 star for Monica Potter. I could write a bunch of stuff here trying to convince you that I m smarter than you but that 
Let s get this right... OK, let s be frank. The plot of this Aeon Flux movie would barely be enough for a 1960 s Sci-Fi short story. Think Van 
Haunting thriller: the second masterpiece of Alejandro Amenabar!. Where does the fantasy begin and where does it finishes? Labyrinths of the reason intersect with the game of open possibilities in 
What a remake!!!!!!!!!. I thought I wasn t going to like it, because my daughter went to go see it, and she said it was corny, NOT! I saw it 
Not bad for a 60 year old man, not bad at all!!!!. A must have for any CC Revival or Fogerty fan. Great sound and an amazing perfomance by the 
Laural And Hardy Collection Volume 2. Excellant Quality and very fast safe & secure service,that i can recommend to anyone  
IF you are a beatles fan you already know you love this film. this is as good a copy of this film as i have seen and for only for 
There is no happy love!. Ouzon explores the feminine universe through the lives and times of 8 women around the sudden crime of the only man of the house. 8 
We can handle this. First off for starters: there s no question of suspending disbelief in this movie --- it s unbelievable from start to finish. But, boy, is it 
Absolutely Fascinating. An intriguing look at issues of race. Take a black family and turn them white. Take a white family and turn them black. Put them in a house 
Hysterical for his fans, funny for non-fans. Many comedians have a schtick: some rant about their wives, others rant about society and government, others use voice talents, even one rants 
Jesus Shootin Smack. It was a chilly night in Seattle on Feb. 2nd 2006. With a bottle of absinthe in by backpack and a woolly cap around my head, I 
The Squirrel. This movie is probably the funniest kids movie out there.The Ice Age Squirrell is very funny and when they did the commercials for the second movie with the 
Great! Just superb!!. I love i dream of jeannie, it s just so wholesome and entertaining at the same time. The only thing I wish they ve included in the 
Incredible!. This was my first time ever seeing Thomas Ian Griffith and besides being a great actor, he is also a very attractive one also. This is the best movie 
 Gilbert Grape is sheer cinematic brilliance!. `What s Eating Gilbert Grape is one of those rare accomplishments in cinema where you learn something about yourself while you watch the 
Schaufuss is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. This ballet with Evelyn Hart and Peter Schaufuss kicks butt. The grand pas de deux in the second act is amazingly beautiful. This not only has a 
Global Warming:The Signs and the Science. Complete overview of the challenges facing our planet! Wonderful complement to our ecology class. Karen Orrel  
Superb documentary. What I find so amusing from some of the one star reviews is the assertion that Mr. Moore used creative editing of this movie to somehow distort the 
I LOVE YOU TO DEATH--AND I MEAN THAT!!!. Blair Underwood own s this movie.. He plays an abusive fiance with a passion for getting his kicks off, by beating the 
my 5 month old loves it!. Before I purchased this DVD - I rented it from the library along with Baby Einstein language DVD. My daughter loves the Baby Brainy 
Amazing!. This is a MUST have for anyone who appreciates fine art! The slide shows show ALL of Santerineross images, the multimedia presentation actually shows footage of some of his 
Not many films can pull it off... ...it has an old feel for those old Grindhouse films. Plenty of nudity, sex, violence, one liners, and cheese! Only for select audiences. 
A Great Portrayal of Life on the Seven Seas ca. 1805. This movie was a fairly realistic representation of life aboard a British Navy ship in the Pacific Ocean west 
A Great and Ghetto Spotlight on Baby Boy. Baby Boy is a good movie to me. I think the stars of baby boy was the R&B Singer Actor Tyrese Gibson,Taraji 
Capers with your salad sir?. Standing on the rooftop, looking down into the empty square, three thieves are about to meet in The Red Circle. I like me a good 
Faith Based Movie. Authentic faith based movie. The writers, producers, and actors, demonstrate deep insight into the faith and obedience based rewarding life of Abraham, and why he is said 
FANTASTIC. I wasn t sure about this when I ordered it, but it was a HIT! Its a new favorite, and everyone who hears it, raves. Beautiful stage, great music 
BABEL Preview. It was a great movie. However, many people don t like these kinds of movies and we didn t feel that it had the full Blu-ray high definition. 
My favorite film!. This film only gets better to me with every viewing. And now, with this great new release from Criterion, I can see it in an even clearer 
Great movie all u need is faith, trust & pixie dust!!!. This is the best movie i have seen in a long time , My kids watch it aleast 3 
What would you pay for a life-changing night?. This is an adorable movie. It s low-budget and the acting is notspectacular, but nevertheless, it s a cute story with sexy 
one of the best. all the chemistry douglas, turner and devito displayed in romancing the stone and jewel of the nile are on display - with a dark, dark twist.and 
 Keep your arms and legs in the vehicle at all time! . Cliffhanger is an action thriller directed by Renny Harlin Die Hard 2: Die Harder and starring Sylvester 
Great for first timers. Three ten-minute exercise programs that target your stomach, thighs, rear and one harder one for allover. Nice pace, easy to follow, encouraging tone. Great results  
i think i might just die for her....... this was the best out of the ROTLD series, it isnt funny thats a good thing for a zombie movie the effects 
as good or better than the original. how many sequels can live up to the hype and love of the original? you may be surprised to find that Shrek 2 
The Joshua Tour Movie. While the album contains some tracks that are not present in this movie which document to capture the moment of the making of an album as 
Braveheart for the Irish. Like Braveheart, Michael Collins captures all the passion and drama of the struggle for freedom and independence from an oppressive ruler in both cases, the British. 
Totally Amazing. What an amazing dvd this is,words cannot describe it only the music and video can.This is a diamond in the rough and if you love music this is 
My daughter loves this movie. My daughter is 28 months old and everytime we watch this movie she dances, plays, and follows along. She especially likes the if you re 
LOVE it.... her time to shine!Reese was ab-fab in this movie. It was very cute, adorable, and at times funny. Great for every cute chick-flick colection. The music behind it 
The Turn of the Screw Ben Bolt, director . Inevitably, I suppose, any stage or screen adaptation of James s novella must finally make a firm decision regarding what James 
In a word, delightful. I am, unfortunately, not as well versed in Spenser Tracy as I am in Katherine Hepburn, but I m guessing I can say with some conviction 
Thanks To This Movie, The Nightmares Continue. This movie is a reallllllllllllly scary movie. The only part I didn t like was that pervert Mikks in the beginning. Be warned 
Love and snobbery between the wars. Nancy Mitford s connected two novels about Fanny Logan and her relations with two sets of aristocratic relations, the eccentric Radletts and the powerful 
A MONSTER SHOWCASE OF MEGADETH GUITAR METAL. Those of you who lost interest in MEGADETH since the loss of Marty Friedman, take heart. When you see Al Pitrelli trade solos 
classic movie. I love this movie it is a comfort movie for me as this was one of my favs as a kid and I still love it today  
Eddie s last great movie. Okay, so everyone knows remembers Eddie Murphy went into the 1990s on a roll:--Trading Places--Beverly Hills Cop--BHC II--Coming to America--Harlem NightsAll of those were blockbuster 
Lot of music for little money. No way around this one, if your a Garth Brooks fan then you need to purchase this ... 5 DVD s and tons of 
Good Love Story. Had seen the movie on STARZ but enjoyed it so much I wanted it in my library. Good Chick flick, somewhat of a tear jerker, but good 
Very nice western-entertaining movie. A great idea - putting a science fiction theme into a wild west setting. And following Hollywood political correctness to a T - i.e. casting an 
Joanne Woodward s greatest performance. THE THREE FACES OF EVE remains to this day a riveting and fascinating glimpse into the mind of a person afflicted with multiple personality disorder, 
Thanks Amazon. I had been looking for this DVD in Mexico for some weeks, then I thought I could look for it in Amazon. The packaging was great and the 
Good adaption. This movie was a decent adaption of the book. Written by the same author, many of te small details and personalities of the team members have been put 
Mag nificent Max. With all the drek that video stores carry, it s amazing that I had to join an online rental service to see Rushmore , the best comedy, 
The best volume of the series so far!. I ve been a fan of the hip hop honeys series since their first release a fews years back. The combination of 
For once, a movie that is better than the book!. I debated what rating to give this film for some time. You see, I read L. Weisberger s novel of 
Life in the Freezer. This documentary is a bit different from the March of the Penguins movie. Freezer is quite abit more historical and gives a better overall view of 
Lombard is a hysterical legend recommended . Beginning at the tender age of 13 in 1921, Carole Lombard appeared in nearly 80 films before her tragic death at 34 on 
Dustin at his off-beat best... I guess I ve seen this at least five times over the years, but it is always enjoyable. Hoffman is fascinating to watch as he 
Hilarious. Very funny and at times challenging stand up comedy. Riffing on politics and social commentary, Maher manages to step on toes and tip the sacred cows of the self 
When Harry Met Sally.... One of the best Romantic Comedies ever !. Watching Rob Reiners movies is almost always a great pleasure. He just gets to the point, without overkilling. 
Chick Flick, but good movie for guys too. Light-hearted rendition of the true-to-life story of a police officer who was forced by his conscience to share his lottery winnings with 
A. Reader. Flipping through cable stations late one night, I came across a bearded Alan Bates intellectually and poetically analogizing a fig to the female part before a party of 
The Magic Continues. Its very rare when a sequel holds the same magical charm as its first but this sequel has done just that. If you loved the first movie, 
A Highly Improved Version. Hemingway s acknowledged masterpiece about Spanish Civil War guerillas was censored both in print and in film. In print, the four letter words were cut and 
Truth-Telling Stand-up: Past, Present, Future. Teriffic show, entertaining throughout, and gives us a peek as to what it was like for Hicks to deal with crowds on a weekend-to-weekend basis. 
my view. I really saw alot in the this movie. A guy who married the right woman to enhance the career but needed something spicey on the side,someone who started 
Good Documentary. When watching this video you will hear what the cast and crew of the film have to say about their experience off and on the set of The 
One of the 10 Best Televison Shows Ever!. PWK is a show that is simultaneously hilarious, dark, sweet and intelligent. Imagine the writers of Larry Sanders penning Greg the Bunny. 
Fabulous Fogerty is better than ever. Such incredible energy!! A musical genius that makes it look so easy. HE TRULY LOVES TO PLAY AND SING ROCK N ROLL AND IT 
Immeasurably emotional film. Fifty years before the 1995 Great Hanshin Earthquake devastated parts of the city of Kobe, Japan, the Kansai region s main port city had experienced a similar 
HistoryBuff. This is an achingly intense and visually stunning movie that has been one of my favorites for years. The role of Tristan was MADE for Pitt, and Aidan Quinn 
A truly remarkable grand guignol musical... It s difficult to know where to begin when talking about a musical such as this one. Considered by many admittedly, myself included to 
The best Trek Movie. Forget one of the best , This is THE best Star Trek movie EVER. While I like all of them because I am such a Star 
classic Wilder collection. For Billy Wilder fans, this is a must. Get this box set now before it is discontinued now that Sony distributes MGM s library  
2nd GIG vol1. if you are a GHITS SAC fan this DVD is a must,series wise the dvd contains 4 new episodes and the tachikoma stories are back as well, 
words aren t necessary. If you like Adam Sandler do I really need to tell you to buy it  
Amazon has totally screwed up this release!. I ordered the standard definition Ultimate Collectors Edition. They sent it in an envelope! The metal box was half destroyed, naturally. Then I 
LOVE THIS!. I had to admit I was not a big fan of Tamilee Webb, but this dvd is by far one of the best for toning that I ve 
Great for slap improvement!. If you wan t to quickly improve your slap technique, this is for you!This DVD will help you master basic techniques like slapping and popping as 
Miles better than the 2006 disaster!. I had only ever seen the TV version of the original Superman movie until I bought the HD DVD. So, as you can imagine, 
The best comedy show ever made!. This 2-disc DVD contains some of the best moments in Monty Python Spam, How Not To Be Seen, Atilla the Hun Show, Hungarian Phrase 
Great. Very easy to follow, great for those just beginning to learn bellydancing, such as myself. I have bought many instructional videos and this is one of the very best 
Set the Standard for Creature Features. When watching the cheesy horror movies of the 50s and 60s some may think that monster movies were always made that way. Not so, 
great movie!. this has been one of my favorites for years! A true tale of friendship  
Better than a book!. Nothing can be better than The Firm written by John Grisham, who himself is a lawyer. The attentions to details that Grisham manages to pull are 
A powerful and moving story. I initially wanted to see this movie because I am a huge Oliver Martinez fan and I wanted to see more of his work. The 
great movie, lousy packaging. One of the great film noirs of all time. Joan Crawford is in her element as the long suffering mother of a rotten child who drips 
very pleased. I am really happy with this workout. As a beginner on the ball, I felt pretty challenged, but there were only a couple of moves I actually fell 
I love the hour-long shows~. The shows being an hour-long instead of half an hour gives it more time to work with the story line, and it s absolutely wonderful. 
The final three seasons of a truly landmark series. Has there ever been a more surreal and bizarre opening sequence to any show ever made in America than that of 
Viva Reform School Girls. I saw this movie back in the 80s,when i was a mere 20 years.Now at 40 and a 15 year old girl later.I picked a copy 
Still the Best. My wife and I believe that A Christmas Carol is one of the most important stories every written, not only for the holiday season but for all 
Better than I thought it d be. An associate of mine has every season of this series and raves about it. He s been lending them to me for a 
Amazing for Adults and Children. What a great lesson in perserverance--kids will be eager to create their own works of art in the backyard. Andy is amazing and this DVD 
cold truth. This is the West as I imagine it actually was, rough, unrefined, and brutal. Similar in tone to DAYS OF HEAVEN, another bit of American history, THE CLAIM 
Fragile Life and Conquering Love. The title of this film is taken from a poem written by Alexander Pope entitled Eloisa to Abelard . Pope based his poem upon the 
The Cold War Doesn t Get Much Colder. American and Soviet teams race toward the polar ice cap to rescue an ill-fated scientific expedition. At least, that is the cover 
good movie. This movie has a lot of meaning behind it. The actors put on a really good show. Movie is lacking special effects but that does not hurt the 
Fun filled and light hearted. Bend It Like Beckham was a very enjoyable movie to watch. It was inspirational and heart-warming for young girls with a dream in showing that 
Shrek was an instant classic! Review by: Adam Platts. When Shrek first came out in theaters it was instantly recognized as an animated classic. The script, voices, and animation all 
to robin 1956. Flip the disc over. The episodes you are talking about are on side b of disc two. You are not missing any episodes.If you are ,your disc 
PEYTON PLACE 1957 is a movie to treasure. I think it is the Americana montages that make the Jerry Wald Mark Robson production of PEYTON PLACE 1957, Fox my favorite 
Other neglected Disney treasures. I would like to see Lambert the Cowardly Lion and Ferdinand the Bull on DVD. They are available in a collection on VHS, but certainly deserve 
4.5 stars: a fun swashbuckler. Shanghai Knights is the sequel to the 2000 suprise hit Shanghai Noon. While probably not AS funny or original as it s predecessor, it s 
this movie is great!!!. but why did everyone else copy it? there s been like 3 movies that copied it! like:1.agent cody banks2.catch that kid3.incrediblesyes the incredibles copied it. the 
View your world in a new light. The movie takes a look at the average social environment, the need for people to conform. When Jack enters the picture, in his 
Pryor at His Absolute Best. Released in 1979, Richard Pryor s first concert film is a landmark of comic brilliance that he never could surpass -- though Live on the 
This movie is great if you have no previous knowledge of Street Fighter. This movie left me impressed & disappointed. It revealed something about Ryu, but the story itself was 
Cute, cheesy, fun. I loved this movie so much when I was a kid. It is one that I watch every Christmas. Two siblings want their divorced parents to get 
Perfection....Almost. I love the Halloweentown movies. Every year, I couldn t wait for October because I knew the movies would be on the Disney channel. Now, I don t have 
Maxim Swimsuit DVD. This is Maxim s first foray into the DVD market. A strong DVD in this genre. The girls are great, very hot. Good extras and apparently Region 
A Real Noir Gem. The period immediately following World War Two produced a treasure trove of great film noir efforts. Many of these passed quickly from the scene at the 
To The Chump. To The Chump Keith Whitener :Thanks for suggesting that we punch someone in the face for recommending these classic comedy shorts.Someday, when you grow up, you will 
A genuine classic!. This amazed me when it first came out and still has that capability. The combination of puppets and live action works really well, David Bowie is wonderful, 
The Batman. I am going to give The Batman, Season 3, a rating of 4 stars, based primarily on the continuing improvement seen in seasons one and two with respect 
A brief comment. I didn t think you could do another psychological drama that was that new or different about people who overcome buried emotional problems, finally face their repressed 
Kung Pow is powerfully funny. I m so happy to see all the great reviews for this film. These peeps have great taste and an even greater sense of humor. 
More logical than Season 1 and better , but a few hours too long. The second season of 24 offers a more logical story than season 1. There are less 
Epic movie that gets better year after year. They just don t have movies like this anymore. This is not a movie that makes Charlie Sheen or Tom Berenger appeal 
so funny !. this movie is so funny! just like their show on nickelodean. well i totally recommend this dvd.! I have it on DVD and its great. SO many 
Freshest musical ever. Krush Groove finally brought the hip hop movie focus back to the mic. This musical manages to have a plot and feature lengthy performances by the Fat 
a sequel as good as the first one. this mini-series picks up the action of the first one four months later and while not as strong a mini-series in thought 
I love this Movie!. This is one of my favorite comedies of all time! It has a great soundtrack also  
Christmas Classic Box set. Fabulous value! The home alone movie was a great movie to be included in this box set along with the classics  
A great baseball movie. If you have a question about baseball, then Billy Heywood Luke Ewards is the person to ask. I bet there is not one thing Billy does 
Great, yet flawed... This 1935 version of Treasure Island has all the hallmarks of a cinema classic and yet is somehow not terribly engaging. The only aspect I can identify 
Explodido!!!. Carandiru was a true depcition of prison life in the eyes of a doctor, inmates, and family members. There isn t much interpretation to this movie other to say 
Enjoyable!. Cute movie. It was nice to have the movie continue on, and it was nice also that some of the memorable characters from the first movie made appearances in 
WOW!!. I absolutely love this DVD!! I started practicing with Bryan Kest and have been a loyal fan since I began. But I have to say that Shiva Rea is 
A Riveting Horror Ride Of Carnage; Really Disturbing And Fearsome. Rarely, even in horror movies, has a road trip gone wrong turned into such a nightmarish excursion to Hell as 
Medium well, a little dry... It is nice to see a reasonable discussion of Dan Brown s claims of factual representation. The main program on this DVD is only an 
Tidy little sci fi flick won t disappoint... Although a modern film might take pains to make the pseudo-science sound plausible - enough to induce that mental condition known as 
Wonderful Jazz recordings. I actually bought this for my stepfatherinlaw who is a retired music instructor and bandleader. He saw many of these performers live and believes these are very 
Powerful story,powerful images. If you liked Raise the Red Lantern or The Last Emperor ,this is a perfect movie.Gong Li,who played a concubine fighting with others for her husband s 
A Classic like Frank the Fixer s car ... One of those old classics that you watch over and over.Great Actors.Lots of funny scenes and lines you may find yourself 
I ve never liked romantic movies, but.. Sassy Girl is different, it has a bit of humor but there is a deeper sense of heart that one feels while watching 
2 little thumbs up!. A great addition to the Elmo collection. We liked this so much we bought the cd to listen to in her room for play time. Excellent 
You will never let your pets or kids near the road again. When I first read Pet Sematary it scared me half to death. I had a hard time reading 
Care bear cubs, always in my heart. I am so surprised at the mixed reactions to this movie! The Care Bears Movie 2 was one of my very favorites when 
Probably one of the darkest comedies out there... If you don t like dark comedy at all, you ll probably hate this movie like so many of the other reviewers. 
A CHARMING NEO-GOTHIC FILM. Both of my daughter s read the entire series of books [so far] and I decided to treat them to this film when it was released. 
Slightly Less Helter Skelter, But Slightly Better Effects. Inferno is yet another great Argento film. Though I think Suspiria scores higher 5 stars for it s quicker searing helter skelter 
Great film and excellent DVD release. 4.5 stars for this release, I am sorry they didn t have the actual orginal ending as it seems to say it does on 
Dead Man. This is a very strange movie, but I LOVE Johnny Depp and it was right up his actor alley. I d give it 4 stars because he did 
A Tale Of Two Struggles: Fatherhood And Financial. If you re not a feel-good person, it s still okay to watch THE PURSUIT OF HAPPYNESS. Although it has some of 
Lethal Western. With a renewed interest of the Western genre in 80 s & 90 s YOUNG GUNS, TOMBSTONE, UNFORGIVEN and classic tv series being made into films,MAVERICK was a 
Praise for Older Women. This is a wonderful movie that celebrates the glory of women as they grow older. Many a younger man does not realize the glories of the 
Yet Another Monster Remix. Well, there s nothing unusual about turning a reasonably successful film into the centerpiece of a marketing campaign. So, naturally, there will be a game, action 
Damme good movie. Based on the 1962 Samurai film, Yojimbo, Desert Heat captures the story well in a modern, desert setting starring none other than Jean-Claude Van Damme. Eddie Lomax{Van 
Son LOVES it. My son got it when he was almost 2 and loves it. I like some of the songs myself. I have watched it many times and don 
Just like the book!. I am a reader, not a movie critic. So if you want to know if this is a good movie , read the other reviews. But 
Hannible Trilogy . Being the movie buff I am, I enjoyed this set; however, I was disappointed a bit. When I watched Hannible, it says, to watch the special features, 
Red Dwarf series 7. Series 7 isn t as good as the previous series, but enjoyable all the same. As a fan I had to have a copy for my 
Good. I saw this in an extension film class at UCI, and James Gray talked to the class after it was shown. This being a dark movie, it was slightly 
Still worth a look.... I last saw this movie when it was in the theaters back in 1984. As I predicted, I forgot most of it, so it was kind 
A courageous and moral man - Thomas More. A 1966 period movie with a true story about a man who stands up against powerful King Henry VIII and many others 
Going home. Offbeat and emotionally involving tale of German turncoats spying for the Yanks in the closing days of WWII.Largely forgotten, this intelligent thriller captured a best picture Oscar nomination 
DO NOT READ THIS REVIEW. . . BUY IT! BUY IT NOW! DON T THINK! BUY! THIS IS MONTHY PYTHON DO YOU REQUIRE MEDICATION TO MAKE DECISIONS?!? YOU RE STILL 
Another classic!. I see everyone of Shirley MacLaine s movies and collect them all. They are wonderful  
Underrated family classic. Our whole family loves this movie. I hope the DVD release helps it find a new generation of fans. Harry is brilliantly executed and Rick Baker s 
Bought this for the die-hard Yankee Fan and he loves this DVD. Bought this for the die-hard Yankee Fan and he loves this DV  
My kind of movie... had just enough tasteful sex to satisfy and oh yes, the movie was good too :  
Haunting abstract symbolism. What can I say about this gem? A diamond in the rough? Nah. But amusing.This is the kind of film any hungover, stoned or just plain out 
Treat Lebowski Better. Personally I love The Big Lebowski. It s just hilarious and off the wall. I laugh the whole movie. The Big Lebowski isn t everyone s favorite 
If I could give more than 5 stars, I would. Arrested Development was the funniest television comedy I have ever seen. It is the only show I have ever cared 
A classic film!. David Lean shows us once more why he was the most complete brittish director of the XX century.In this case he adapted the Charles Dickens famous novel 
the guns of navarone. The Guns Of Navarone is still as great as it was when first saw as kid. The one thing that makes this movie better than when 
Quaid a cop on the take. What else is new?. Set in New Orleans, Dennis Quaid is a police detective mildly on the take; Ellen Barkin is an insider sent 
excellant for all ages but thanks kathy for tackling the menopause!. I ve worked out with Kathy Smith videos for years. I m about the same age as her and 
ERIN GREY S HOTNESS IS OUTTA THIS WORLD. Yes, Buck Rogers was very cool, cheesy show. It is extremely fun to watch. However the main reason why I own it 
Voltron - Defender of the Universe - Collection Two. I love this DVD set. They did a great job with the sound and picture to bring back a classic. Re-live 
i heart dj qbert. yeah. it s true. this movie is awesome. i think i watched it four times in the first week i had it  
Well done until the last quarter. Leonard Maltin even criticised the movie for throwing most of it s subplots to the wind and focusing largely just on Coalhouse Walker s 
Wow...not what I expected. I had heard a few friends talk about this movie, but none of them told me what it was about, and since I rarely watch television, 
Ironic iron. This wonderful animated classic is based on a children s book by the late British poet laureate, Ted Hughes who drove two wives to suicide--Sylvia Plath and, six 
I Give This Film Five Cowbells. Is Christopher Walken the Man or what? For the first hour or so I thought Walken was essentially in paycheck mode deferring to his 
A beautiful story of love and family. There comes a point in almost everyones life when we wake up and realize we re no where close to where we thought 
A fantastic film and great bonus features!. This is a really good action movie - lots of historical accuracy and a minimum of gore. Primitive conditions, yes, but gory blood, 
A rare treat . . . . . . that is both stupid as hell and screamingly funny. The Dennis Hopper episodes are the best.In actual fact, whether or not 
Excellent for a Beginner. I found this DVD excellent for a beginner. I am able to find the time to do this workout without feeling guilty that other household chores 
Blow Up. I saw this film when I was 16 as it was a recent release. That was around 1966 or so. It influenced me so much that I followed 
Almost too Campy. Season 1 of Lost in Space was presented as a single collection of eight DVDs. Season 2 was split into two volumes. Season 2 was originally shown 
Great Horror Sci Fi Flick!. I refuse to watch the remake. How does the saying go? If it ain t broke, don t fix it? Well, this 70 s gem 
Is There a Kleenex Out There??. This is a GREAT adaptation of the riveting song and music video Is There Life Out There by Reba McEntire. Coincidentially, Reba stars in 
Sweet Romantic Comedy set in San Francisco. Talk about the comedy of errors in bad timing when you meet the right one right before marrying someone else. When Mary Fiore 
Plausible Deniability Revamped. This film does a great job of putting the book on screen, with a challenging role for Matt Damon, and an appearance in an American film of 
AMERICANS SHOULD REMEMBER 9 11. In the months following this horrific events, Americans have proved that they can be easily controlled by fear and more than eager to give up 
Why doesn t it go on???. When I saw that the first Season of PO5 had been released, I was so happy, but I didn t order it, because I 
Some Things That All Golfers Wish They Could Do....Sort Of!. A pro golfer duking it out with veteran game-show host Bob Barker right in the middle of a tournament. That 
Even non Enigma fans need to buy this. When I purchased this DVD I wasn t much of an Enigma fan and boy was I glad I purchased this. The 
Good :->. Over the years, I ve come to like the 10 Minute Solution series. This is quite a good one, but not my absolute favourite.You will challenge your entire 
Laugh a Little. Even if you missed Legally Blonde, this comedic outing is just for fun and can stand alone. Elle Woods takes on the Washington insiders and keeps coming 
Addressing the resolution issue of another reviewer a short review. Are you playing this on a PS3? If your Blu-Rays are all playing in 480p, it s because you haven 
Miyazaki, pheraphs the best for me............ You can feel that they makes a great work of research,the places, the things,the people,it s incredible.....one for all, Milan it s like the 
Candy Floss. With a script by Terry Southern, author of Candy, this is the ultimate floss on the icing, and a totally memorable movie masterpiece. A brilliant plot, unforgettable dialogue 
The Josephine Baker Story. I found the movie informative, interesting and delightful. I had heard of Ms. Baker but Lynn Whitfield truly brought her to life for me on screen 
One of Blu-ray s Best!. As many of you know, the initial wave of Blu Ray titles are not encoded with VCI, the approved encoding method for Blu Ray. The 
Good movie. Although it wasn t as good as the first Poison Ivy movie, Lily is a decent sequel. She s your average shy, quiet girl from Michigan. Then she 
Tammy is the all time best. After watching this documentary, I was left thinking that there should be more people in the world like Tammy Faye. I love her irreverence 
A Spectacular Movie. Saving Private Ryan is an inspirational film filled with dyanamic battle-scenes, drama and action. During the opening scene into the storyline there is a fantastic 20-minute depiction 
 Didn t I promise to safeguard your morals or something? . Based on the Alan Hollinghurst novel, the BBC television series The Line Of Beauty unfolds through the eyes 
A True Cultural Icon. I never got to see this film upon it s initial release, however I felt it s shock waves even at the tender age of 7. 
My all-time favorite movie!. After watching this movie three times as a rental, I decided it was well worth investing in my very own copy. Joan Plowright is excellent in 
Good Ole Days. Excellent movie, with some awesome talent in it. Reminds me of the days of my youth watching saturday movies with my mom  
Great one. I bought this for my son because I wanted him to see the old classics instead of all that Nickeloden crap. It was a good one. We both 
Competent comedy. Two Weeks Notice is a romantic comedy about Lucy, an idealistic and gutsy Harvard law school graduate played by Sandra Bullock , who is hired into a prestigious 
Great Movie, Misleading DVD. I know it s probably all been said, but yes, I was extremely disappointed to not see the original ending included in the movie. So I 
Classic western. One of my favorite Eastwood westerns that I come back to often because it s so very good. A town with an ugly secret sees a nameless drifter 
A great product. Who is interested in M.A.S.H. likes it. No use to rate the series again. What I like about the DVDs is the option to get rid of 
All you need to start an asylum is an empty room and the right kind of people. The below-stairs people usually got ignored in old movies. But there s a 
Exceptional, but often unbalanced. Watching Samurai Champloo is, at times, an uneven experience.Watanabe brings his audience exactly what they expect: quality. The music is a stellar mix of traditional Japanese 
Caper Film Woo Style. The film starts out breezy enough. Likable trio of art thiefs mastermind elaborate heists in Paris. Afterwards they toast their laurels and have a jolly good 
Really like it. This DVD has two parts broken down into three workouts each. Each individual workout has warm-up, stretch, exercise, and stretch. If you don t have a lot 
The Real World: Mission Hill!. Welcome to Mission Hill...possibly one of the greatest cartoons ever made. It s quite a tragedy that it only lasted one season. Both discs have 
Connery s Last Hurrah to the Eon Bond Series. After a one film hiatus, Sean Connery returned one last time to play super agent James Bond in the Eon Bond 
The movie STILL rocks!. I just watched this movie again last night, and it definitely stands up as a great horror flick even now. This is one of those movies 
From a clumsy girls point of view. Okay, so I m not a gazelle. I m not graceful and I m not light on my feet. We have an eliptical 
A gangster film , but forget Cagney or the Godfather. As the Beatles took America s music and put their own spin on it , so the French took the 
Love it!. I like this workout routine, it is not too difficult and has plenty of variety. The another great feature is the host. She is welcoming and very encouraging 
Watch the Blues Greats jam with the Bluesbreakers. If you love Mick Taylor, Buddy Guy, Junior Wells, & Albert King you will enjoy this show. I hope all blues-guitar fans 
Feel the poooowewerrr of the Ultimate Warrrriooooooorrrr!!!! SNORT!!! . I have mixed feelings about the content of this DVD. Growing up as a young teenager in the early 90 s, 
A STUPENDOUS, FLAMING CAR WRECK OF A MOVIE. Oh, Bay, why must you dazzle the pyrotechnics of my heart? Martin Lawrence gives his best performance ever. Seriously, this is the 
A Classic Batman Animated Series. This series of Batman is a very good one of the 4 but not my favorite one of the bunch. It has some great episodes 
Bible Series DVD Set. All four movies were relatively accurate depictions of the stories from the bible that they were taken from. I enjoyed watching a movie where I didn 
PART OF THE BIG 3. Not funny? Huh?!?! How can anyone who enjoys Pryor s humor not consider this funny? Granted, RICHARD PRYOR LIVE and LIVE ON THE SUNSET STRIP 
Better than FRIDAY. I thought Next Friday was way better than the original....... The first movie was really slow in the beginning.......so slow that I fell asleep. As soon as 
Heartwarming. Nice heartwarming story to enjoy around Christmas time. This is an old movie that I enjoyed many years ago, and being a Cid Caesar fan, it s nice to 
Oldie but goodie. I saw this at the movies when I was young, and always enjoyed it. I got this for my husband because he loves the car racing in 
A definite classic!. I recently found this movie once again in my video store. I had seen it at a young age when it first came out, and I recall 
24-Minute Horror Short!. Inspired by the Grant Wood painting, American Gothic is a 24-minute experimental horror short. Director Carlos Batts explains in his intro that the idea is that the 
A True Classic!. I saw this movie on the big screen and have loved it ever since. Back in the era when the action movie was king, there were a 
long overdue. Excellent, For anyone who ever wondered how they put this masterpiece together this is it. In depth interviews with Gilmour, Waters and Wright plus Alan Parsons commenting about 
Because my country asked me to. I can t possibly put into words how great of a war movie this is, but it touched me deep inside.For me, there is 
Always A Classic Love Story. I thought it was a wonderful rendition of an old classic. It was beautiful, unique, and the costumes were breathtaking. I suggest you buy it 
Herzog the Great Traveler of both natural and human landscapes. I ve always been a great admirer of Herzog s oeuvre. Traveling is one of my main pursuits in life, 
JURASSIC SHARK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. deffinetly bloody,this movie is really packed with carnage shark zone is also great with the sharks,the sharks are footage and rubbery,my kind of movie.if you re looking for 
Wonderful set. I just recieved this DVD today and have only watched most of Disc 2 and a bit of Disc 1 so far. Needless to say, I can safely 
Video Audio quality is great; the movie is so-so. In reviewing a Blu Ray version of a movie, you have to separate the audio video quality of the version as 
This is the bouqet residents, lady of the house speaking! Oh, its you...... I grew up with this show. It shows how comedy does not have to be vulgar to 
Ponyboy Curtis is all growns up. A friend of mine, who got this movie in her SXSW schwag bag, lent me a copy of A Killer Within. She said it 
Bear beats them all. Bear is orginal. My children love to dance and sing along with the dvd. Its a perfact gift for toddlers  
Hilarious Gangster Comedy. Raucous comedy about a gangster Robert DeNiro who at mid-life is overcome with internal issues and the nervous psychiatrist Billy Crystal who reluctantly treats him. This film 
very good. I love this video. It is 100 pure b-movie, but brilliant nevertheless. A definate recommendation!!  
Finally a [..] film I can relate to... I was inchanted w this film from the very begining. when craig and parker go to danceteria dressed in goth clad thinking 
Eddie Murphy makes it work: animal lovers will love this. Set in San Francisco and not England, the American Dr. Dolittle is just as comical as the original British vetrinarian 
raw and passionate. An unconventional love story between 2 misfits that society frowns upon as poor lost souls. One is a young troubled man,who has just been released from prision. 
SOAPY SAGA THAT RIVALS PEYTON PLACE, WITH AN ORANGE-HAIRED JOAN CRAWFORD!. This 1959 soapy saga does indeed have everything: lecherous old geezers making passes at sweet young things, bitter old 
Excellent How To Book!. I read and put into practice these 9 steps and they actually worked in spite of all my efforts to make them not work! The book 
yeah... I saw Charlie & The Chocolate Factory last night for the first time I m behind the times, yes and though I usually don t care very much in 
Old school ER!. Beautifuly composed film - Kurosawa s 1968 film is right up there with Rashomon on my list of favorites. It is a very interesting and at times 
Watch it again and again. My kids love it. It is a good preteen family show with fun characters and funny scenes that the kids seem to enjoy. me too 
Hollywood!!!!. My daughter & I love Drake & Josh & this movie was one of the funniest ever. We loved it when Drake sang Hollywood Girl . He is an 
A kaleidoscopic tour de force!. 24 countries, thirteen years of shooting, made to emerge one of my most beloved cult movies of the nineties. A visual symphony filmed in the 
Teaching high school psychology: Neurological functioning and life in a chronic hospital circa 1969. I use this film in a basic survey course to help explain many aspects of neurological 
favorite film ever!. My favorite film ever! Cary Grant plays an angel that reminds us of our values and about what is really important in life. A timeless film that 
Good Movie I Think. Good movie for the Next Generation cast and crew. It has good special features on disc two especially about creating the baku villiage . It has 
Superstar Super ROCKS!. Okay, so this has got to be one of the best comedic movies of all time. I ve watched it over and over on VHS, but my 
Entertaining morale booster. Early World War Two film that celebrates, sort of, Claire Chennault s volunteer air group in China prior to the United States entry into the war, FLYING 
The Maestroh Salutes El Maestro Dreyfuss. It embarrases me that I, a music man, have let this many years go by without reviewing this splendid movie. My wife rented it 
Laugh Your ED off... Some More !. There s something about Ed, Edd n Eddy that makes me laugh... uncontrollably. Whatever the reason, I can laugh some more in the 
Awesome DVD!!. Coordination and Groove will make you a better drummer. Alan s techniques have helped me improve my concept of timing and playing seperate grooves using both left and 
Having a Devil of a time!. I wanted to see this movie because #1 I like horror movies. #2 I like horror movies! I was pleasantly surprised. It is a 
Does anyone agree?. This movie is Don Quixote. The action movie genre deserved skewering, and what better way than through the silly, exagerrated idioms of action movies. It s brilliant 
By Far, Best Second Season. Here in Australia, it took Network 10 about a year to put the second season of Veronica Mars on TV. So before i watched it 
It is more than you might think. Although it shows the behind the scenes activities leading up to 2 contests in the mid 70 s there is more there if 
A very good Sniper movie. Among all the others, I believe many would say Enemy at the Gate is the best sniper movie in the market. But no. That commercially 
Deep Red. Argento is an incarnation of everything that film is and everything that it could have been as conceived by Lumiere. After Hitchcock and Ray, Leone and Fuller, Argento 
DOH!=Awesome!. Eighth season is fantastic! Now we get to the more out there stories. Chili contest. Mr. Burns as space alien. This box set just keeps giving and giving  
Very entertaining series. I have been enjoying this series very much. The video quality of these shows on DVD is pretty good. I was concerned about that after reading a 
A wonderfully ridiculous bit of fun. This is a very delightful bit of silliness. Do you remember how visually wonderful Chicken Run was? Well, this is even better. Wallace is 
Come to Nikkie......become the new flesh!. I would have to say that VIDEODROME is one of David Cronenbergs best movies ever made. Coming from a director that already has an 
Best Friends. This movie is timeless. I thought it was hilarious when it was first released in the theaters, and found it the same all these years later. Burt Reynolds 
Want to Ski like a pro?. Lito explains how experts ski. He explains that expert skiing is not hard it is just different from the way most of us learned 
Excellent Gift DVD. Short and to the point.....Excellent DVD set for personal use or as a gift. Very funny and uplifting  
No surprise. In 1968 there were only 63 lobbyists in Washington. Today, there are more than 34,000 and lobbyists now outnumber our elected representatives and their staffs by a 2-to-1 
Fabulous workout for home. I really like the workout, not only is it fun, but there s a good variety of moves. I highly recommend it and plan on buying 
I Relate Deeply To This Movie. Having lost my wife under similiar circumstances, I experienced exactly What Peter Gallagher s acting expressed in this Film. His moving potrail of deep 
Simply Awesome. I love this movie.....If you don t mind having to read if you don t speak Yiddish then this is a movie that will surely become one of 
Dead Man s Chest. Expectations Met. My expectations were high for this film. They were met, but just barley. With another Jack Sparrow produced adventure, this film suffers the weight 
blur before. finally, the dvd that documents an early blur. previously available only on vhs, Starshaped follows blur through european festivals and pre Great Escape period, though i ve only 
Absolutely a great movie. Great movies, like great literature, are capable of evoking a definite atmosphere, that of the time and setting of the story, the plot of which, then, 
Wonderful Workout. I love this workout DVD. It is not hard to follow and I love the pace. When I began using this product, I weighed more than 300lbs and 
It is what it is... Excellent cast in a movie that reflects life - sometimes humourous, sometimes disappointing, sometimes sad and sometimes strange.Although Elle MacPherson cannot act, Sarah Jessica Parker, 
another solid anthology film. The anthology horror film is a rare thing these days, and in the 1990s there were a few that came out. This was one of them. 
Pretty good. I like having sporting events on DVD vs. VHS. Quality of this one is good. Don t expect too many extra features. If you want a good recap 
Simple Truths. When you live in a place where all races are minorities and interracial marriage is completely normal it is easy to forget how challenging some people find this 
Outstanding. Not only is this a video EVERYONE should see, it s funny and keeps your attention throughout. After I saw this, I bought everything else that he has done 
A pearl in my collection. I bought this CD and some other by Chris Botti after having heard one of his tunes on the radio. It fullfilled all my expectations. 
Cubaah. Hollow Man 2 is an excellent movie. If you saw Hollow Man indeed you need to see how Christian Slater did a great job. The special effects are great!! 
Tom Hanks was ripped off!. He should have won three Oscars in a row! This is better than Forrest Gump & Philadelphia, it has absolutely everything going for it. Cast, 
Descent into Hell. Over 25 years ago, I was watching a Public TV station on a Saturday afternnon in Milwaukke. They were showing a movie called Fires on the Plain 
last cowboy. DVD-Last Cowboy came in excellent condition and the movie was very good!We need more movies that are clean and for family viewing  
The Real Evil Dead. No other movie has ever become such a booming sense of reality to my life than the evil dead movie s.. Bruce Campbell is one if 
A Bass player as Good as Lincoln Goines-. Who-zewhatzit playin killer sax and top it off with Dennis Chambers. What are you waiting for? Did you want to go to 
Interesting Look at a Complex True Story. The book by the same name allows you to understand a bit more about the characters, but this is a well done film 
abouut the movie lionheart....... The story basically talks about Van Damme running away from army work to hekp his brother s family to overcome financially after his bother was killed 
Walt Disney s Best Movie. Disney made its mark as a major studio in 1937 with its first full-length feature film, Snow White and the Seven Dwarves. Ironically, given this 
It would be very funny if it were not based on a true story. The acting is great and the storyline funny and sad at the same time. Viola Davis, 
Danish nightmare. Life on a hellish Danish farm for two Swedish immigrants in the 19th Century, an old widower Max von Sydow and his son Pelle.. The Swedish farm workers 
Hilarious Movie. I love 9 to 5. It is truly a classic. The pairing of Jane Fonda, Lilly Tomlin, and Dolly Parton is genius. This movie keeps me laughing the 
The Final Season.. Since the end of Greatest American Hero, William Katt seems to have gone into a self imposed exile, briefly resurfacing for a number of obscure roles, in 
Clifton Talbert s powerful prose. Al Freeman does great justice to Clifton Talbert s powerful novel. Clifton inspired me as an author. He used the first person narrative in such 
Fantastic Movie!!. I first bought the DVD for my mother for Christmas. She let me borrow it. I am glad that I finally watched it. It is a truly great 
Yul Brynner and Emilio Fernndez Excel in True Sequel. RETURN OF THE SEVEN was made when sequels to popular films were seldom made. RETURN OF THE SEVEN was a true 
Shape-up, The Fun Way!. Over 13 music videos with amazing special effects. My favorite is Boom-Boom. Anyone who s looking for a fun way to exercise has to buy this 
Amazin!!! I wish I were there. Amazin, I wish I were there and this was durin a time when black folk wasn t too well liked. but it gives a 
Fun Christmas with Strawberry Shortcake!. Cute X-mas movie......It also teaches children about the important rule of Christmas.....Giving is better than getting.....I am twelve years old.......this is a berry cute, colorful, 
 IN THE RANKS OF DEATH... . Three Days of Destiny is a good docu-drama covering the battle of Gettysburg, where over 50,000 Union and Confederate Soldiers were killed, wounded, 
Pollyanna. It was just wonderful to see and own a classic family film. It s as fun to watch now as it was when I was a kid.  
wonderful yoga ball workout. This workout is super...the concept of using a balance ball to do yoga poses is great. I love my ball workouts, but most of them are 
The British Style of Warfare. Britain has traditionally been a naval power but neverhad a large standing army. This has prodded its militaryplanners to think in unconventional terms in strikingat 
One of the best movies ever, and easily the best in the series. I m a huge fan of 2, 4, and 5 but this movie just gives me everything 
The Trick is finding love when you least expect it... Jim Fall s TRICK is a standout romantic comedy amongst many others with all-too stereotypical characters and storylines. Christian Campbell 
Great movie!. I purchased this movie for my daughter on her sixth birthday. She is a huge Hilary Duff fan and she loves this modern day Cinderella story. Chad Murray 
Bring this deal back!. The Changeling is one eerie cinematic experience. John Russell George C. Scott watched helplessly as his pretty wife and young daughter perished in a horrible automobile 
My kid is a huge fan. My two-year-old absolutely adores Bob the Builder. We play together frequently with his BTB toys and vehicles, recreating scenes from the videos or inventing 
Lethal Western. With a renewed interest of the Western genre in 80 s & 90 s YOUNG GUNS, TOMBSTONE, UNFORGIVEN and classic tv series being made into films,MAVERICK was a 
NOT AS BAD AS SOME SAY. JURASSIC PARK: THE LOST WORLD isn t quite as bad as a lot of reviewers say, although they certainly are entitled to their opinions---isn 
Complex Film About A Man s Search For Significance. Pickpocket never grabs us the way a standard movie does. The plot is difficult to extract, and the storyline is never 
A modern classic for ALL races and ages!. This is truly a BRILLIANT movie in that it lets one have an unvarnished look into how the real hood is really 
I actually thought it was sweet. Not in that way sweet, of course. the fact that he rode a horse to her and stayed together and wont let sex come 
The best of A.L.Webber s musicals in one. All the highlights and most popular songs from the plays are in this onevideo, along with his birthday celebration  
YOU WANT IT? GET IT!. I LOVE SOUTH PARK TO PIECES AND NEVER MISS AN EPISODE. GET THIS......AND BE PROUD  
Less Than Six Degrees of Separation. CRASH is a movie about race and ethnicity in L.A. However, the film is more than that. It s also a movie about how 
 I m hard to get. . Nightclub entertainer, Bonnie Lee Jean Arthur steps off her ship and on to the small South American island of Barranca. She s supposed 
YOU MUST HAVE!!...Great Video!!!!!!!!. I Bought this dvd hoping to learn or to get some movements of break dancing, and I learned more than expected.They explain really good each movement, 
The story work and executive producing were awesome!. ...Gripping... ...An emotional roller coaster... ...Billy Bob Thornton gives a tour de force performance... ...Dwight Yoakam thrills and delights... ...A twist ending 
Not completely original but very well done!. This is one of those movies that is truly thought out. At no time did I know who the Jigsaw the killer mastermind 
Becoming Barabbas. Steve James, the director of this exceptional documentary, has had a colorful career. He has directed a few feature films, but most often he returns to the cinematic 
A Classic remains a Classic forever... This edition of A Man for All Seasons is the best I have ever seen in years. Even better than the one that was 
Excellent performances of old and newer hits. I have 2 other DVDs of Michael McDonald Doobies -- Wildlife Concert, Michael McDonald -- A Gathering of Friends and this one is 
A little different but it will do. The voice characters were different and their drawings were all out of shape I m still a fan of Yu Yu Hakusho no 
That s Fronkenstein... I first saw this movie when I was 10 years old...yeah, I know...I was probably too young to see this movie but I really didn t get 
Big. I bought this for my daughter as a Christmas present, we have owned the VHS tape for years and she has worn it out.What can I say, great classic 
Rousing Rumpus from Coen Brothers. On the surface, Miller s Crossing seems like a straightforward Prohibition-era gangster picture. But artistically, it s just too good to be confined to that 
This is really really well done but read the fine print. If you liked the Part I and found it useful, you should by all means get this DVD. All 
Scary Because It s Believable. Life imitates art. The main character in this movie may have seemed over the top when it was released. But today, this movie seems almost 
Best of the Next Generation theatrical films. When I saw that Paramount was taking all the Star Trek films and loading them up with tons of extra features I was 
National Treasure. This is a very enteraining movie and really enjoyed all of the intrigue that it had and the good ending  
Best of the Best!. I m hmong and I live in the US. Although I live so far from Asia, some of the asian dramas had been very popular here. 
Absolute classic!. This movie is amazing. Very old school, and thats probably what appeals to me most. It is a true story about the lions of Tsavo, and thats absolutely 
Why it is called America s Favorite Pasttime . Whether you love baseball or not, if you love a good movie, you will love this one. It is told in 
Pure classic. Best one in the series!. This was a great movie. Flowed perfectly from one scene to the next. It had a strong humorous element as well! I believe 
An alternative way of getting a 4.0 g.p.a. in college. At the beginning of this 1998 film we hear a comedian explaining how colleges have a policy that if your 
Better than 34th Street. I love this movie. Every year there is a 24-hour marathon on the television of this film and my family and I watch it at least 
Slightly Better than Average Teen Exploitation Moview. It s a teen exploitation movie. That means you already know the plot. Gut has hots for girl and is willing to do 
a beautiful and funny English classic. Although it is very funny, and it is about talking animals that drive cars, The Wind in the Willows is not suitable for four 
Moon River. We had not planned to watch Breakfast At Tiffany s 1961 on our movie night, but when the song Moon River started playing, it was hard not to 
Adam s Rib. The ultimate battle of the sexes comedy, which of course leads to romance. Perhaps Tracy and Hepburns best overall film, its packed with charm, humor and intelligence 
Great Film. Destined to die...Ivan is walking along the road to death with every day he lives and every breath he takes.Frustrated at the dishonest record producers who refuse to 
Great movie. This is a classic. Its funny, but just a really good story. Highly recommend. And Jane Fonda is at her pretiest  
Sidney s Best Movie. If you ve enjoyed movies like Dangerous Minds Freedom Writers Mr. Holland s Opus than pick this movie up. A great story about a man who 
Richard Pryor - Here and Now. I saw this film originaly in the theater and I walked out dissapointed. I finnaly saw it just recently on Encore and laughed like 
Exciting Emergency!. Season 3 of Emergency! saw the show really find it s niche. The action was riveting, and the drama of many of the episodes was intense. The Snakebite 
a great movie...nothin more nothin less. head of state is a great movie,the only reason i didn t give it 5 stars was because i always think that s pushing 
Thrilled to have... I was thrilled when I found out that this show was on DVD. I had the pilot on VHS and it was getting worn out. I came 
SO MUCH FUN!!!!. My daughter loves this DVD!!!!! What a cute storyline and Paige is just absolutely adorable! My daughter and I both love the dance that Paige teaches...it brings 
Excellent. This boxed set was worth the money and much more. It took me back to the days when I used to watch the show when I was a teenager. 
DON T PANIC. Or do. I liked this T.V. series alot, but I didn t love it thus only 4 stars and here s why:1. Zaphod isn t as cool 
The First Step in the Road to Tokyo. To review Guadalcanal Diary 1943 pose a difficult mission to anyone who attempts to do it.First of all you must consider when 
VERY good racing film. I was impressed with the films brining to life the experience of ultrarunning, and its very detailed coverage of the Badwater. I have been aware of 
Tanya, my love. Worth it for Tanya s 2 bathing scenes. I knew the girl had talent  
for a new dj s .... great. could be better a little bit.,in general , good stuff  
Are You being served 2: C;lassic Years. We have enjoyed many of these DVDs over the years. This is everybit as good  
Exceptional. I highly recommend this version of the show. I saw it live in SF and was delighted to catch it on PBS and now on DVD. The singing and 
Back and better than ever. By the time The Sopranos entered its fourth season, it had solidified its standing as a weekly event . There aren t many television shows 
Episode List. 1. Archie and the Editorial2. Archie s Fraud3. The Threat4. Gloria and the Riddle5. Lionel Steps Out6. Edith Flips Her Wig7. The Bunkers and the Swingers8. Mike Comes 
GM fan. Visually and musically wonderful. You can hype Frank Sinatra all you want, but no one but Gordon MacRae could have done justice to these beautiful songs. I enjoyed 
Still Pretty Tense. One of my all-time favorite movies, Picnic embodies what a 1950s director like Joshua Logan could do with the limitations put on him not only by the 
Gelsey Shines!. This, one of the few taped performances of Gelsey Kirkland live, is a must for balletomanes everywhere. This performance showcases both Misha and Gelsey at the height of 
A Turn of the Century Thriller That Has Aged Far Better Than Those Y2K Readiness Manuals. Released in 1995 this film imagines a distant future of 1999 where gas is 
A cheap price to pay for memories. Staying over at my house in high school almost always meant The Wall would make its way to the VCR. Not only because 
A beautiful journey in the ballet. This movie on Les Ballets Russes Russes de Monte Carlo takes viewers on a beautiful journey through the history of this wonderful company. My 
Secret. Though the Secret gives a visual of how things come to you. I believe that if we a spiritual beings why wasn t there more reference to GOD! A 
The Way It Was, The Way It Is. My boss wanted to know why do I act the way I do, he knowing I was raised a cowboy, by a 
Fox has pulled the plug on the remaining seasons. Fox has taken the Mary Tyler Moore Show and the Bob Newhart Show off their schedules. And King of the Hill. 
Gladiator collector s edition . Warning!!! This might be biased, since Gladiator is my favorite movie of all time. It was the first time I ve seen a movie set 
Liza at her peak!. How lovely to have this tv show at long last on dvd! There are other shows which were done on tv I am still waiting for! 
You ve never seen anything quite like it before, and you probably won t see anything like it again. Eventually, anyone who makes it their business to seek out quality 
The groom with black hair. What a great movie. Ive seen it more than once and it got better each time. The way it is shot is pretty old school 
Cute. Nice mild but funny film, with Robin Williams not acting in his usual annoying hyperactive manner, but giving a rare subdued performance. Kurt Russel is great as always, as 
Grab a box of tissues. If the song makes you cry like it does me. Grab a box of tissues for this one. I think that it is one of 
The Best Cartoon!. This movie Shrek is great it has everyones favorite charater like the 3 little pigs,snow white,cinderella,the big bad wolf and much more. The Best part 9is when... 
PUT THIS IN YOUR PIPE AND SMOKE IT. Frances McDormand FARGO is the big star in this tale of culture clash via generations. She portrays Jane, the tough, pot-smoking record-producing 
If you want Funny. This is one of the funniest and more satrically perfect TV Show s ever. And I never thought it would come out on DVD.Loved it then.Love 
 The Seven Ups --Gone But Not Forgotten. What was it about the 70 s...a decade that begged to be parodied--almost while we were still living in it? Watching The 
Fabulous Casting. Woody Allen takes elements of a gangster story and blends them perfectly with a story about the bohemian theater scene in NY in a period piece that is 
 Talkers are no good doers. . Laurence Olivier as the hunchback King, and where others melodramatize Richard s deformities, thus providing him with an excuse for his actions, Sir 
One Of The Best. This is one of the very best of Biblical epics ever made. The script is fantastic. It exposits man s continuing problems throughout the ages, using 
Just Hillarious. I was a huge warrior fan growing up and then the guy just vanished. He would come back and then disappear. This disk explains why. WWE just buries 
Legendary Production With McKellen and Dench Caught On DVD. This is the legendary 1976 Royal Shakespeare Company production that caused such a stir when it hit the stage back then. 
Great show!. Great show, decent dvd. Wish there were more extras -- there really aren t any that are worth it  
A different type of good movie... I do agree with the last review, The John Shooter guy did a great job with his acting. And Johnny Depp did great aswell. 
Titanic in Los Angeles. Epicenter presents us with a Titanic -like story, right in Los Angeles city centre -- disaster caused this time by a serious earthquake. This B-movie deals 
Best gift ever!!!. We gave this set to my husband for Father s Day.It is by far the best gift he has received in a long time.He can watch these 
5 stars, but not for this version!. I have to agree with the other reviews that mentioned a M.I.A Hearts of Darkness . If you already own the original A.N. 
BUBLE is GOD!!!. I really cannot say enough about this fabulously inspiring DVD! Michael Buble has become my constant companion and our relationship just keeps getting better and better. From 
THE MINSTREL LIVES. I wish I had found out about this group ten years ago. Very reminiscent of late seventies Jethro Tull and Steeleye Span. Unfortunately, their music hasn t 
DVD ALERT!!!. Season 2 is coming out December 20 for 34.97. It will be a 5 disc set with all 22 episodes.23. Ready or NotThe arrival of Charlie s old 
Great concert footage!. I highly recommend this dvd to any guitarist or Robben Ford fan. Lots of closeups of his guitar playing. Not a lot of annoying flashing MTV image 
Twilight Singers fans should pick this one up. First, you have to love the cover art review. Great summary of the music, dude. I expect this guy has no idea 
What happens when someone has gone to far?. Seeing other people was a great comedy that I enjoyed watching and that I highly recomend. The film is about two couples 
Great entertainment. This is a very entertaining movie with the horse stealing the show, of course. I also like that it is based on a real person.  
Too little, too late. What? No bonus-materials disk? No informative audio commentaries with Javier Lopez webmaster of theringworld.com ? Because American distributors DRAGGED THEIR HEELS in bringing us the ENTIRE 
definitely a good start for beginners. this is the first exercise dvd I have ever used and was not sure it would be for me. I can honestly say that 
One of the best cold war thrillers. What a superb cold-war action flick. It has an all-star cast, all male, and many who became stars later. Sean Connery is Captain 
Excellent portrayal of inner city basketball at its best. I truly enjoyed the flick and could relate to the events throughout the movie,being from the inner city myself. You have 
Hard-hitting tale of municipal corruption!. Edoardo Nottola Steiger is an ambitious land developer who wants to build up a promising, rough piece of real estate in Francesco Rosi s hard-hitting 
Entertaining from begging to end full of actiona dn the story is good. I enjoyed this film from start to finish and I cant see why the critics did not 
WONDERFUL. I bought this tape when it first came out and I weighed 205 pounds. I used it 3-4 times a week for about 5-6 months and I lost 70 
I said No, THAT S the coolest thing I ve ever seen several times per episode. I had no idea it was possible to shoot at such a small scale 
best movie about orson welles!. any fan of orson wellles would want to add this movie to thier collection! this is a real good account of him trying to put 
Le Carre and Alec Guiness at their best. Quite remarkable rendering of a very fine book - enjoyed especially the extra features. Interesting to hear the Author speaking about this 
Lawrence of Arabia. Excellent film. Of course, any David Lean movie has the scope that put almost every other film to shame. The story, the cast, and of course, the 
Great all over workout. I love how Leslie put strength training into her walking workout. I really love her workouts, but this one is by far the best so far. 
Excellent, gritty film. Kudos to the Amores Perros special effects crew for offending so many viewer sensibilities, although disclaimers state that no animals were harmed in its production. In fact, 
Bounty Sails in HD. This is a review of the HD DVD version of the special edition of Mutiny on the Bounty 1962 . I am a huge fan of 
Superb Rankin And Bass Easter Classic To Be Enjoyed By The Whole Family. My admiration for the talented team of Arthur Rankin Jr and Jules Bass and their wonderful animagic 
awesome movie about girl power. I am so glad I taped this movie when I saw it on tv for the first time back in 1997. I have watched it 
The giggle weed strikes again!. Teenagers beware! It could happen to you! Mix alcohol and the evil giggle weed and you could end up dead. Or even worse, you could 
The best comedy EVER! Scenes from a Mall. This is the best comedy in the world! Bette Midler and Woody Allen are great. Scenes from a Mall has everything. Heart 
A great day for the music. The music is great. The interviews with fascinating jazz legends are wonderful. The film is totally entertaining and informative. The people who made this 
In Defense if I may... ALL comedians take or borrow material and you would know this if you have watched years of stand up comedy! Yes Bill Hicks is certainly 
This is the last film that was good under Candyman. This movie is a little less that its prodessesor but still is quite scary. Definitely watch this movie on a 
Exceptional drama of a legal defense. The murder of Sunny von Bulow played by Glenn Close was one of the most publicized murder cases of the 80s. This film tells 
Wonderful. My boys love this movie...it s a great family movie. You couldn t ask for a better movie  
One of the best thrillers in recent years. David Mamet shows the extent of his talent as a writer and director with Spartan, a superior thriller with all the right 
The current best cult adult comedy on Comedy Central. I like this show from the humerous and slapstick actions they do, and their story is very interesting and funny. As 
Veronica Mars The Complete 2nd Season. This was as good as the first season maybe even better, they way she investigates things and has friends to back he is just 
the best sick joke movie ever made. ok first ,if you are a politicaly correct person who wants nothing that offends any one,DON T BUY THIS MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!now if you except 
Most beautiful grey valley I ve ever seen!. This is a genuinely moving movie from another time. I don t think I can say anything about it that hasn t 
Goya In Bordeaux. Truly excellent movie. The photography makes one believe one is looking at a moving Goya painting. Really first rate  
No honor among thieves... or anybody else for that matter. I have to admit I passed this one by for quite a few months at Blockhead. I was intrigued by 
Finally it has come. After getting hooked on the first season i was over joyed when I learned that season 2 was dropping Feb 1. I bought it that day. 
Visual Feast from the Maestro. Originally made for TV, Roma is a classic in the later Fellini style. Interspersed with typically hilarious autobiographical remembrances of the city, the maestro captures 
Amazed by the concurring opinions I had to try it myself... It s a 5 star!. This is a masterpiece of cinema. After watching Robert Mulligan s more famous to 
Brian Setzer Swings Christmas. If you haven t heard Brian Setzer since his Stray Cats days, you won t believe your eyes and ears! Brian still has the heart of 
Changed the way I run my company. I m the head of an overseas company that employs over a thousand employees. Watching this DVD has changed the way I do 
Great, but could have been even better. After a long long wait, I was excited to finally see an Elvis Costello DVD. Anyone who has seen this man live over 
An Animated Drama You Can t Refuse!. I ll be the first to admit that my preference in anime and movies in general tends to be for the magic, the 
Perhaps, one of the greatest films ever made. First time I saw 8 1 2 over twenty years ago; I did not like it then and I did not care 
West side story. West side story..it is growing young day by day.keep it in your library  
Finally available...with some rare songs... So it falls to me to review this first? This June 1977 concert at London s Rainbow Theater captures the recently reconfigured Wailers ending a 
FINALLY, A GOOD NATIONAL LAMPOON MOVIE!!!!. The output from National Lampoon the past couple of years has been unmitigated crap. See, for example, National Lampoon s Dorm Daze...no, actually, don 
Series 2. I am a Pimpernel pimp. I love the book, and all versions of the movies, but this one especially.But what I m really wondering is:WHEN ARE THEY GOING 
Skilled Dancers Only. Learn to Salsa Dance 1 is for dancers who are skilled and who are looking for more than an 8-count and direction on where the hand or 
Vivian Hsu. Angel Hearts and XXX vivian hsu Is Real  
Angels in America. Directed by Mike Nichols, the screenplay of this film was adapted by Tony Kutchner from his play. To say that it revolves around a gay man who 
Just get the complete seasons... These aren t Best Of s, they are how South Park was released before the box sets were available. Volumes 1-3 correspond to the First 
It was soooo cute. I mean the movie was great and everything but the thing that made the movie GRRRRRRReat was that Jake Lloyd was in it!! He is the 
Agnostics are smarter than atheists. Those who use evolution as proof there is no creator are, in my opinion, narrow minded. Evolution only disagrees with written texts of creationism. One 
Wow!!!. Possibly the most powerful documentary ever! Never could I imagine in the U.S.A., the most developed country in the world, i d see people working or living in the 
John Travolta will make your soul dance for joy!. I ve heard unfair criticisms of John Travolta for years, injustices such as, He looks like a bloated, greasy rat! and, 
The Changeling. Very good and scary movie. Saw years ago on video, DVD makes it so much better. Some say it s better watching it for a second time-you may 
Eternally lost. Attractive boy meets attractive girl. Boy and girl fall in love. Boy and girl encounter obstacles. Boy and girl overcome obstacles, kiss in the rain, and live happily 
In search of the truth against all the odds!. An icily aristocrat; a woman in comatose state in hospital bed and a fierce lawyer disposed to challenge the entire world 
Informative Yet Disturbing. Sex, drugs, heavy metal rap music, Nintendo. These are not things one would normally associate with the Amish, but there you go, it s time to learn 
More than 5 Stars!. Hands down one of the funniest sitcoms on TV today. I usually won t buy TV shows on DVD let alone TV shows I have already 
Finally some moving pictures!. For someone with the stature of Sam Cooke is has always surprised me how little was out there about him. Before 2000 even good CD s 
Harvey. You can never go wrong with the classic 1930 s show, Harvey, starring Jimmy Stewart. This show relies on sheer talent and not the special effects of today s 
a wonderful documentary. Flight from death is a must see documentary. I saw it three times since i ve received the DVD last week and each time i discover new 
A Must Have for Fans of the Woodstock Era. The Last Waltz is the best music documentary I have ever viewed! With Scorsese s brilliant direction and all the talented 
the best action movie ever made. die hard is the best action movie ever!!! it s two sequels while not as good are far better than any of the other 
The ultimate in survival, Shakleton s jouney to the South Pole. I saw this film in 2000 in a theater that only catered to independent films and not knowing anything 
MY NUMBER 2. Just behind WINGS OF DESIRE is Federico s masterpiece.A true ICON. 8 1 2 not only resounds with my Italian Catholicupbringing as it displays in obvious detail 
Last 5 WrestleMania s Have Alot Of Hit & Misses. Review:Basically, WrestleMania s 16 through 20 have had alot more hits & misses than the previous WrestleMania s.16 - Quanity 
John Waters gets back to his roots!!. Dirty Shame is totally sleazy, raunchy, and without any redeeming social value whatsoever. It s great! It is a movie in the early 
This film deserves 5 stars and nothing less. You can tell that both Casino and Goodfellas look similar and make a comparison but I think that their both equaly excellent 
the most unique, modern day martial arts film. I love this movie. It is one of the most unique marial arts films in a very long time. And teamin up 
This is a great movie!. I love everything about this movie. I watched it several times and never got tired of it. Each time I watched this movie I saw 
Great show!. Escaflowne was probably the first anime show I ever watched! I was instantly hooked and just had to buy it now even though it s been several years 
pure poetry. Seldom has live film so captured the mood of the original book on which it was based. The framing device of the old story teller who turns out 
The Mudge Boy. One of the most moving coming age films I have ever seen! The Mudge Boy is the different, or in this case gay boy, in a small 
Silliness Highlights Important Theme get it? . My friend Suzanne took me to see Accepted three weeks ago, probably to celebrate my new hire as an adjunct lecturer in the 
2 grandmas think this is the BEST. I m over 50. My neighbor is almost 65. We do an abs, a buns, and a legs or arms two or three 
Great content...but. I was so much looking forward to this 3 DVD set and the content itself was really great. However the DVD menus were, in my opinion, probably one 
All time favorite. Never in my life have I ever enjoyed a movie as much as this one and I am glad to finally have my own copy. Armand Assante 
Howard Hewitt close up. I purchased this product at amazon. com as a christmas present for my sister and she almost went into tears of joy because she was so 
Realistically tough and heart wrenching. There are times in life when we do the best we can to save others from danger and other times we love people so much 
Bob Dylan vs. Donovan. This DVD was a fascinating view into the life of the greatest song and dance man of all time. The music video of Subterranean Homesick Blues 
Very Strong Season, but still no Curb Your Enthusiasm. This was my first foray into the world of Seinfeld, and I have to say I was greatly impressed. Of course 
Straight Story. Deep. Thought provoking. Loved the slow speed roll through the midwestern countryside accompanied by violin  
Good intro into Ashtanga Yoga Poses. This is exactly what it says it is, an introduction to Ashtanga Yoga poses. For someone who has been practicing Vinyasa or Ashtanga for 
A Movie Filled with Universal Truths. Even with a small budget, Spike Lee can still get a lot done and still find great actors. Spike Lee s School Daze is 
 :D ....ok. This movie gives you the chills, it reminds you of the all-time classic Wall-Street with Bud Fox & Gordon Gecko. Only this time it is played by 
An American classic. Jim Jarmusch has, up to the present date, done no wrong in his career. His films, all of which he s written himself, are on the same 
one of a kind. A one of a kind in recent years, funny, romantic, down to the real people, family film that no matter who you are you will relate 
Sure to burn calories and tick off your neighbors. I ve been exercising almost every day for about a year. Usually I do the Crunch Pilates and Bootcamp DVDs, coupled 
Good 6 short 10 min quickies. These are all the bonus 10 min workouts from each of the mentioned DVDs. DVD has option of regular or letterbox screen & 2.0 
The fixation of memory and the essence of people. This movie, set in the late 1830 s or early 1840 s, combines the divide between Jews and Gentiles, the struggles 
The best for Cuban Style on 1 Salsa. The ability to view this DVD from 3 different angles makes it all worthwhile when learning salsa. This feature is essential when 
Ever dreamed of having a mermaid as a girlfriend?. Splash is without a doubt among the top romantic comedies of the 80 s that has truly stood the test of 
A Must-Have for Every Batman Enthusiast. Mask of the Phantasm adds complexity and depth to the Dark Knight in a way not done in film until Batman Begins. Mask embodies 
Fun ;- . I enjoyed each of the Friday series. I reviewed the original way back, and now after re-watching Next Friday, I thought I d finally get around to 
Forget What The Professional Critics Say! This Movie Is Funny!. I have never seen the original old Unfaithfully Yours movie but I saw this remake on HBO and I thought 
but...not for beginers. I know a bit of martial arts and have been doing yoga for awhile so this workout was perfect for me. Not too long, not too short. 
burton,harris,moore,and company have a slam bang adventure and take us with them. i was 12 when i saw this movie the first time and i loved the action and the 
 Forget it Jake, this is Chinatown . I ll write a short review since I don t have the time. Chinatown is one of those classic noir films that 
A great, early Oscar winner. This exellent movie won the best picture Oscar in the fifth year of the existence of the award. Made in 1932, the movie is surprisingly 
Hysterical. Totally awesome movie with jokes and sight gags galore. Eddie Murphy is one talented man playing all those roles of the Cletus family plus Buddy Love. A little crude 
Excellent. Great movie. Well outlined. Two of the greatest actors in that era star in the movie and both well dipict the charactors eloquently  
Beautiful cinematography. Once in a while, movie gem reaches out and touches your soul. I have added this film to my collection of favorites, and those I will savor when 
In such a place with you. It took me so long to see this film, and I m not sure why. How frustrating to think I ve spent the last 
Best of the best. These are some of the best of the best movies ever made  
Tragic and true--and Angelina can ACT!. Before Tomb Raider ,before Brad Pitt,Angelina Jolie showed she could act in this made for TV movie about Gia Carangi,the first supermodel.Angelina Jolie exudes 
 Mono was, like, the best diet ever... . Love that quote. I actually had mono in college and lost about 10 pounds, but I wouldn t recommend it as 
Absent Minded Professor B W. Fair movie for kids but doesn t hold the same interest being B W but the color editons were just too expensive.  
Samurai Champloo & Kung Faux are good to go!. Homo-sez-wut? - Not this ...I will buy every dvd that ever comes out from Samurai Champloo or Kung Faux because these 
Reunion!!!. This film reunites Mystery Inc. with the vamp vixens the Hex Girls. It also reunites the team s original voices from The Scooby-Doo Show with the exception of the 
a radically emotional film experience. This DVD set includes both versions of Ingmar Bergman s minimalist epic SCENES FROM A MARRIAGE; the 3 hours cut for theatrical release, and the 
Best Picture Oscar Collection - fantastic present. This made my father very happy - has all the golden favourites and is great value  
Kevin Conroy and Michael Ansara make this Outstanding. This direct-to-video is an outstanding adventure full of energy and passion. Start your clocks and count down the minutes as Batman and 
the best bionicle movie everrrrrrrrrrrrrr!. i own all bionicle movies and all bionicles in each one as well as the visorak,hordika,toa hagah,ragah and titans.this movie will be awsome.it about...oooops i 
eine in Deutschland sehr beliebte Fernsehserie. Hart to Hart in eine in Deutschland sehr beliebte Fernsehserie, die seit Jahren fast ununterbrochen im deutschen Fernsehen gezeigt wird.  
This movie is a clone of Total Recall . This is an intense action sci-fi movie. The plot is similar to that of Total Recall . Except that the action 
Stormy Weather-more like Stormy emotions. Interesting film, with the story actually focusing on Mr. Sean Bean, rather then Tommy Lee Jones and Mrs. Griffith. The performances are well done. Sean 
New found confidence for both my dog and myself. As a first time dog owner I wanted a well behaved, socialized dog. This DVD helped me obtain that. Its organized 
Adoration Turns to Fear. Teresa Wright truly shines in Hitchcock s tale of darkness and evil coming to stay in Santa Rosa, California. A story by Gordon McDonnell was adapted 
Scary,Funny,or Both. If you have never seen a evil dead movie you are in for a treat. What you take from the movie is all up to you. Some may 
Yummy! Er, I mean...good movie. heh, excuse my enthusiasm for the spectacle of watching 2 uniquely beautiful and fascinating young women fall into bed and love with each other.However there 
 Maximum Lordage. Another twin movie, but without a twin. Yes! Van Damme gets killed at the beginning of the movie and his twin brother fills his shoes to find 
Sandler at his best!. I ll write a short review, both these films were fantastic and it shows us why Adam Sandler was one of the best and funniest cast 
 Nature is not only all that is visible to the eye, it also includes the inner pictures of the soul. --Edvard Munch. EDVARD MUNCH, Peter Watkins experimental, psychological exorcism 
Pictorially impressive historical tale of guilt and doom. Kino s release of three films by the important yet neglected Swedish silent director Mauritz Stiller, remembered now mainly for discovering Greta 
perfect balance. Lake Placid has the perfect balance of laughs and frights. I can never get enough of watching this movie. And Bill Pullman is awesome in it!  
Well worth saving your money for... Even if you follow the other reviewer s advice to save extra cash and get the new Hartnell collection. Only one complaint about this 
 verse dictionary on tv was too fuzzy!. The only thing that I was a little upset about was the letters on verse dictionary. But the movie and other parts 
 Let this be a lesson to you. Say no to drugs! . In this second entry from the Sleepaway Camp trilogy, Angela Pamela Springsteen , the transsexual -see part 
Outstanding set in a great format!. Being a huge fan of Hitchcock s work, I consider this set a real treat. Vertigo, one of the truly great movies ever produced, 
The Play s the Thing. I love this show. So far I ve only seen the first season, finally getting hold of it after reading good reviews, hearing solid word 
Must See For Carey Fans. This is Carey at his best. This movie is hilarious and the special features are awesome  
Outstanding Korean War Movie!!. This review is for the movie only...NOT the quality of the DVD.Great Korean War movie. Very realistic! A US Army Platoon is cut off behind the 
Bravo!. Wonderful films, magnificant music, fascinating documentaries - very high quality for a very low price. The commentary of AgeofAnxiety below says everything about the relative quality of the films. 
Different but very good!. This was a very good movie that is based on a true story. The acting isn t that great, and a little cheezy at times but 
A perfect film gets a perfect DVD treatment. We all know Casablanca is one of the greatest movies of all time. I m not going to waste your time discussing 
Funny!. This is a mockumentary of a flamboyant hairdresser from Scotland who travels to Los Angeles for Platinum Scissors Competition. He got the invitation in the mail but didn t 
most exciting psychological triller!. This is the most exciting psychological thriller ever made,I thought.Direcior Robert Altman s unique style on this film magnificiently presents the see into tormented woman madness, 
a true budget gem!!! from the maestro of maestro s. this is a classic low budget gem from the true giallo master mario bava.im not going to give any of 
Two Mules For Sister Sara. Enjoyed an excellent movie until the last part. Clint and Shirley are an pair with lots of chemistry. The DVD was defective and have never 
best of British humour. The passing years have not taken the shine from this great British sitcom. Set in a department store in the 1970 s the fashions add to 
Creature from the Black Lagoon - The Legacy Collection. Really fantastic collection of classic horror movies. Great quality and picture clairity on these DVD  
Taming Of The Shrew. Excellant screen representation of the play. One of Elizabeth Taylor s finest performances. A must have classic for Shakespeare and Taylor fans  
Not quite the best movie ever. For B-Movie fans only. A spin off of 70 s exploitation films.Dad Hezekiah played by Darrell Sandeen has new women in his life since 
Great series, terrible packaging. I still gave 5 stars even though the middle part of the dvd casing cracked and came apart it seems to be made of really cheap 
This is a pretty neat 3D film and the 3D actually works!. This is the first 3D film played at IMAX and the field sequential version works very well but 
A 4-star movie with a 5-star ending. This was a great little movie. It wasn t a stand out in the genre, but it had all the elements it should 
the postman. this was a very good movie. it had alot of action, a love story content and it had a bit of humor to it! i enjoyed it very 
Smart, funny...and set in Connecticut!. Having literally grown up together, 17-year-old Rory Gilmore and her 33-year-old mother Lorelai are best friends. They share a love for breathless quip-filled conversation and 
Provocative feast for the eyes. This movie is a must see for sinophiles. It captures the joy and pain of a lifelong bond between two old friends, their rise to 
It will pull your heartstrings!. When this movie showed up on a movie channel, I almost skipped it, but I am so glad that I didn t! I enjoyed the 
Best unknown Henry Fonda and Anthony Quinn Western. I have been waiting for years for this film to finally be released on DVD format so that I could add it 
Renoir &amp; Kurosawa. How can you go wrong with Renoir and Kurosawa? The Criterion Collection does its usual amazing work on this release. It combines two different looks at Gorky 
Love this DVD!. This is one of my favorite Baby Einstein DVD s for children. I ve recommended this to many of the families that I work with and they 
Great, but why does this need a regional code?!?. My daughter loves the DVD, although the lower numbers are definitely a bit boring--for both of us! Unlike one of the 
When Warren and Faye were a lot younger..... Warren either produced and or directed this movie. This is entertaining and well acted, I m not sure how historically accurate it 
Sean Connery s Knight. First Knight takes concepts from King Arthur mythology to tell a story around some costumes and beautiful scenery. More about scenery and script than anything else. 
Awesome Uschi Digard action, some cheesy laughs. The Godson is the best movie out of the double feature, partly because there s a great Uschi Digard threesome, but also because 
You ll Laugh, You ll Cry. I just watched The Breakfast Club this morning and was absolutely blown away! The hype for this film is HUGE, but, incredibly, it lives 
RATS!!!!!. KILLER RATS is one of those rare modern movies that captures much of the essence of the fifties and sixties &quot;killer monster&quot; movies. Director Tibor Takacs manages to instill 
Stark depiction of modern Mexican society. There are a lot of dogs in this movie. And there are some dog-fighting scenes that dog lovers may not want to see. Be 
One of the best TV comedies in a long time. Reno 911 is awesome. A perfect blend of dry, dead pan humor and slap stick goofiness. The first time I 
Amelie s search for her missing fiancee. Audrey Tautou is a wonderful actress. I ve seen her in four or five movies now, and she is always very good. Of 
One of the best Superhero movies. It s great. One of the few times super-heroes are done by a directorwho knows the comics.  
BBC s best ever sitcom? I think so!. Absolutely Fabulous, Fawlty Towers, Only Fools and Horses, Dad s Army, Are You Being Served?, Nighty Night and a whole host of 
very good indeed. I hesitated to get this disc because I read some horrible reviews on this film. I m glad I just followed the good reviews. I thought it 
History, not highlights oriented. Excellent DVD that shows the evolution of football. Not for those who want to see lots of highlights, they are scarce and between 1900-1980 for the 
my hime vol 5. well as we all know who has watched this anime from the beggining, when a hime looses a battle they loose the thing that means the 
Very compelling film. When I first saw this movie I really didn t know what to think. Its portrayal of nuclear disaster aboard a ship is sometimes a little too 
Crude and trippy animation. Ok like another reviewer said you must realize your watching something like fritz the cat and definatly smoke a bowl or two first Dirty Duck is 
I m A Straight Republican. In one of my classes, we studied the infamous twinkie defense, and I was enthralled by the whole ordeal. Wanting to learn more, I rented 
Fascinating. An excellent assortment of buildings is highlighted on this disk, and though the architecture is beautiful what truly makes these disks worthwhile is how the filmakers place the architecture 
the tightest live band ever. all i have to say is wow. I bought this DVD knowing that the band did not want it released because of its less than 
One of the better filmed and edited concert DVD s. FOR A BETTER VALUE, GET THE LOVERS ROCK LOVERS LIVE CD INSTEAD.This DVD is sold in many different ways. Here 
There is no place for cowards in England!. After Gordon s death Sudan is under dervishes power; meanwhile in England, a British gentleman refuses to join to the Army just 
A mesmerizing and beating film!. It is not exaggerate to affirm Jessica Lange has been one of the most gifted actress of the last quarter of the century. She has 
ALAN HALE WHO?. Robert Horton is mistaken. Alan Hale Jr. was not in Destination Tokyo, That was his father Alan Hale Senior.  
:0 . Love it action pack with tom s humor great and i think bill paxton s character was just too much lol...good for the collectio  
Pure Awesome. This movie was awesome on every level. It had a great cast, great story, and great effects. The transfer and sound on this dvd is top notch as 
no title. A documentary about four VERY strange brothers in upstate New York. One died in bed and the other one who shared that bed was accused of his murder. 
Wow! The Original Trilogy finally on DVD!. This is really good that the original trilogy without all of the added features that I remember it back in 1977 when Star 
Excellent; FANTASTIC. This is an awesome film. Somewhat old, but dam the action doesn t stop coming, I highly recommend you watch this. It is great.I can honestly say this 
Jack still holds up. So many years later, this is still funny. I have long been a fan of the Jack Benny Program on old time radio, but had never 
Great Intro To Potty Training. I was looking for a video to spike my 2 year old daughter s interest in potty training and this one did the job beautifully. 
A Good Collection to Own. If you re the type of person who likes anime that delivers a mix of beat-em-up with deep character and story development then you ve 
Familiar concepts in a cute, fun movie for kids. I saw this movie years ago and just had to have a copy again. It very much reminded me of Harry 
Excellent Acting. For anyone who loves the Beatles, Half the population of Earth you will be rewarded with a fictitious but very realistic account, of what may of happened on 
Truman This is a Good DVD I took one star off for having no extra s. Truman was a good DVD. It does not go into detail about his personal 
Tom Hanks... got a love him!!!. I bought this movie because I love Tom Hanks pictures not all of them, but 99.98 . This is another classic young Hanks; a 
Great end of the world flick. When Worlds Collide has all the ingredients of a great movie for the year that it was made. The actors were great. The story 
fine monument to a dark chapter in Hollywood history. Jessica Lange stars as Frances Farmer in this well-crafted film based on Farmer s novel Will There Really Be a Morning 
A realistic romance for its time setting. Follow one girl s story into adult hood. A beautiful story of romance that is realistic and tragic. If you have a romantic 
Animation for any age and taste. Shrek is a film for all ages and the humour will have both adults and children laughing out loud from the beginning to end. 
My Family, Mi Familia. This is one of the best films I ve seen to date and the cast is great. I recommend this film to everyone because it has 
I Was A Teenage Extra , I Was A Teenage Extra !!. What more could possibly be said about a movie that almost wasn t.....? Originally titled The Brave Young 
Extreme Suspense!!!. This movie maybe a remake, but it keeps you at the edge of your seat. You don t ever want to get up. You always want to know 
By far the best DVD in it s category - Teaches all essentials!. I own a very successful home inspection business in California. We use all of this authors products 
Front Row Tickets!. Watching Yanni Live! is like Charlie winning the Golden Ticket. You are up close and personal to Yanni and his band. It s beautiful to watch because 
A thoughtful classic but should have been full screen. Colossus-The Forbin Project, although slightly dated as regards today s computer technology, is nevertheless a science fiction classic. This movie was 
4 Stars dor Carb and Calorie Burner. The 10 Minute Solution Carb and Calorie burner consists of 5 10 minute workouts designed to burn carbs and calories. The first three 
Perfect. The shipment was on time and the product was brand new and sealed in plastic  
super. As the Chicago Mafia attempts to murder witnesses who could incriminate them in court, Mark Kaminsky, a former FBI agent Arnold Schwarzenegger , attempts to infiltrate the organization and 
If Marco Polo were a Saxon. This is one of those old Hollywood saturated-color films that successfully transports me to another time and place, even on subsequent viewings. The plot 
get her alone. A lion separates the prey from the herd.I ve laughed harder and worked harder to predict plot twists, but rarely in the same movie. Regardless, I won 
Season 2 tops Season 1!. I didnt know if it was possible, but season 2 definitely lays on the drama a lot thicker than season 1! The plot twists are 
Enchanting movie... This is one of Miyazaki s best. In the vein of Totoro but a bit more grown-up. It s probably my favourite after Nausicaa , which is his 
Very, Very Creepy. This gets good marks simply because it is such an interesting, involving story that hooks you right away and every time you watch it and doesn t 
 Allo, Allo. Wonderful and highly entertaining madcap comedy, set in occupied France during WWII, with twists and turns that boggle the mind, and keep the entire family in splits... 
Morality Play About a Desperate Man. Sister Helen Prejean Susan Sarandon is working to improve the lives of the poor in New Orleans. She receives a request to visit a 
 Trust me, I know what I m doing . I am SOOOOOO happy this is on dvd. I hadn t seen the show since I was [...] years old 
Retrospective. After the Academy Awards were presented for the films of 2001, I happened to notice that PEARL HARBOR was passed over, ignored and generally disregarded. I had a violently 
Entertaining. Thoroughly recommended. For lovers of old classics & Cary Grant these are a must to have in your library. I particularly enjoyed watching a much older Shirley Temple in 
Some spoofs get it right, and this is one of them... If you don t like this movie then simply turn it off, it s not your speed. If you 
 I need a valium the size of a hockey puck. . Broadway Danny Rose 1984 -written directed by Woody Allen who played the titular character, the small time show-biz 
FUNNY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. This movie was GREAT!!!It s about a black and white husky sled dog named Demon and other sled dogs. I LOVED it!!!!!!! It s great!!!!!!!!You have to buy it!!!! 
O Brother, Where Art Thou?. The Cohen Brothers do it again on multiple levels - humor, social satire, and music. Not only do I own a dvd of the film, 
It was real, historical and true what more do you want. It was just another great Film. I first watched on TV but liked it so much that i bought 
 3.5 STARS See for the Winsome Heroine and Charming Michelle Trachtenberg. Michelle Trachtenberg is so irresistibly charming in `Ice Princess, Disney s fairy tale that you might forget the 
Rocket Gibraltar. It is a great movie I dont have to write much just buy it, it is the type of movie that you smile and cry at the same 
A classic for all ages!. This is a wonderful story of gallantry and history. A wonderful program for ages 10 and up. I m hooked on the whole series and 
One More Time!. Beautiful music, exception voice, palpable and liquid color, and an orgy of conservative values - not really a bad thing when carried off by some of the 
it is a worthy golf dvd. My general feeling after watching the content of this dvd was of satisfaction, i got my money s worth for what this dvd left 
Great Horror film. These After Dark Horror Fest films are great. This film is very burtal and very suspenceful which is what makes it such a great film. One of 
loved the workout years ago, loe the DVD. Leisa Hart is by far the best STEEL instructor, i have always loved her style and consider her my own personal trainer 
Captures Jimmy Stewart in top form. By the time James Stewart returned from World War II he was a changed man. The horrors that he witnessed in the war almost 
really good movie. It s a really good movie.I m from Japan so I felt same things in the US several months ago. So, I can understand it.maybe, if you 
The Greatest Episode. This is the greatest episode ever of Monty Python. It s hilarious. I was laughing every second. There is a German version out that is awesome. This 
just as funny as the 8th season. The 9th is absolutely hilarious. I ts like with every season Friends gets more funnier. This a must have for a Friends fan. 
EXCELLENT. I think that the movie was great. Its like one of my favorites now. Sharon Stone is my favorite actress....and i think that she was great in the movie 
Great. Degeneration X fans grab some popcorn and take a seat, that is, after you buy this DVD of course. Every fan of DX really does need this DVD in 
Best of the CSI shows... And with the best themesong for a show on TV I turn it way up every time  
The Vulgarity Is Endearing And Astaire, Horne And Garland Are Great. Watching this MGM review musical is a little like being a graduate student on an archeology dig. You ll 
An Excellent Suspense Thriller And Baroness Curtis Is HOT!!! . This is a very good Suspense Thriller about a mother played by Jamie Lee Curtis who abandoned her family and 
Every Fitness DVD Should Be Like This. I am a guy with tight hamstrings and this one in a short period seems that have opened them up. Pilates is not 
Surprisingly good movie that is totally underrated. I saw this movie on TV just the other day and I was a bit sceptical as I am not really a Brue 
sweet story. my neighbor totoro is another film from the same guy who made howl s moving castle. it has the same kind of story and if you like how 
L.A. Here comes the T-Rex. This was a fine movie however is definately was not as good and original as the first but none the less a very good movie!! 
Powerful and Moving!!!. This is a fine film that stresses the importance of culture and family while never losing its entertainment value. Following the same Mexican-American family from one generation 
Respectful. This nostalgic rendering of Rocky in his advancing years is a good ending to the series. It is neither too fanciful nor too depressing. Rocky is older and has 
Oh the Memories!. This is a wonderful collection from my childhood that I can still enjoy! My daughters who are 10 years and 19 months can t wait for me 
 As Time goes by watching it, never gets old. I m a newcomer to this show. I had seen it on TV a couple of times and fell in 
Backstreet Boys are Never Gone. This is my favorite dvd of the boys! It is a concert in orlando, Fl in 1999. It has alot of energy if you know 
Sleeper movie will wake you into shuddering dread. 15 Minutes is a horrifying and gritty peek into the injustice of the American legal system and also the news media. Wow, 
a sad but touching movie. It is based on a true story, and thats the sadest part. But it overall is a very very good movie, and if you have 
Surprisingly Good. This is an odd choice for me, as I usually avoid Kevin Costner, unless it s to make a snide comment about Waterworld. But who doesn t? Anyway, 
classic. This movie is for any person that considers themselves an Adam Sandler fan. For some of those people, it is his worst, for some, his best. It all depends 
it s a no brainer. Never did understand why the powers that be did not include this title in the DVD Boxed Set. For the serious collector of Peter Sellers 
Awesome DVD!!. I just want to put my two cents in on the value of God of Wonders. My 7 month old has been listening to the Praise Baby CDs 
Baby Einstein does it again!. We have quite the collection of Baby Einstein DVD s and this one does not disappoint. It has lots of puppets, which my 16 month 
Great movie. Great movie deal for the fan of great movies, actors, and the folks who made it  
No one created me ... I AM Me !!!. This is easily one of the most compelling rock-documentaries ever made. There are only a few people reviewing this who probably 
I live in my mind, and so should you... Wow. This is a quick moving, terse study of two men. One uses death as a means of survival, making his 
a lyric tale of two exiles. Music is the center of Thewlis world and it is the center of the movie. You ll appreciate your sound system during this film 
KNOWLEDGE. Simply Fantastic! Anyone with an open mind and a scientific inclination will love this. Some of the subject matter is a bit adult so be mindful before showing this 
How To Murder Your Wife. This movie shows how love can capture even the strongest bachelor. It s funny, and never boring. I believe this is one of Jack Lemmon 
the best movie of Tim Burton s career. Tim Burton is a brilliant visual director but with Edward Scissorhands he managed to combine these talents with pure, classic storytelling - 
Lesson of Vietnam: Post Truman....Democrats lose wars. This is a very good film. Top notch acting by all of the cast. The film, based on all I ve read, is 
Funny. I don t like cats; but I liked this movie. It is a fun film. Disclaimer: I don t dislike cats; I just don t have any special fondness 
Start to finish. If you love good music, this movie will entertain you from start to finish.No one watches a Blues Brother movie for complex characters or surprising plot twists. 
Best of Youth Still Believes in Exclamation Marks. If you have the 6 hours - even if you don t - free them up to travel through Best of Youth. 
Great DVD. This is probably my favorite Denise DVD. It is super easy to set up a workout that I want. If I don t have a lot of time 
Not bad for an hour. As we all know this movie was just made to set up for the animated series on disney channel so its not really a sequel 
funny movie. This movie is a great movie full of laughs, i saw it a while ago and remembered it being good, so i bought it from amazon. I watched 
Better than FRIDAY. I thought Next Friday was way better than the original....... The first movie was really slow in the beginning.......so slow that I fell asleep. As soon as 
That s Hacking and Scooby- Snacking!. On the Feature 4 5 :Just another 1 hour long episode of What s New Scooby doo? ; Still it has a great comeback 
A Film That Only Marlon Brando Can Exemplify. Call me crazy, but I think Marlon Brando playing Terry Maloy is his greatest role of all time. Yes, even better than 
Pure [poo]!. Van Damme goes undercover in a prison to uncover some mysterious deaths. He runs into transvestites, a black man missing an eye and the Sandman, yes! This movie 
great. it was great and it was the movie i was looking for but it was great  
Not a history lesson, but a good story. To those of you, who have yet to realize what an amazing actress Cate Blanchett is, look no further than Elizabeth . 
One of the best films Argento made. And that s saying alot since he has so many great movies. But this one has it all. The gloved killer, some brutal 
Nice sequel. Typical married couple lovely dove stuff until the outlaws are mentioned and then the argument s start.Again, well made, funny with typical everyday humour. It s fun to 
Romance or porn?. Totally natural realistic romance story in sharp contrast, sometimes indeed opposite, to current porn movies where all characters behave almost totally like machines and current romance novels 
Bloody Hippies!. This is a hoot! Hippies gone bad! Kinda punches a hole into the whole Love Generation myth. As has been already said, treat Message To Love more as 
Very different and entertaining. If you ve seen PeeWee s Saturday morning show, this movie is an extended version of it. Funny and harmless, PW goes on a cross country 
Enjoyed It. I actually liked this movie and I don t understand the bad reviews maybe they were expecting a smarter movie I don t know. Anyways the plot was 
Why there is no widescreen format on my 2Discs Dolphins DVD?. I bought this 2 Discs Dolphins DVD because there are both widescreen and full screen. Strangely, there is no 
Note to Paramount: no sane person is going to pay more than 60 for a DVD set, ever. Wake up Paramount! Take a cue from your sales on the STTNG 
Superb comedy still holds up........... I seen this when it first came out in the theaters and I was laughing so much,tears were running down my face.The great thing about 
Sondheim Collection. This is a must have in your collection Sondheim fans! This box set has titles that appeal to both the children and adults in a family. My children 
Tragically Realistic. This movie is incredible. As harrowing as Thirteen but with a different focus A.K.A. girl bullying rather than sex, drugs, and cutting in Thirteen, though Evie s subtle 
Sharpe s return. Nice to see Sharpe again. Didn t think the story line was as good as the earlier Sharpe episodes.  
Citizens Arrest!. Kind of strange without the laugh tracks, but it really doesn t hurt. The purist in me would at least like to know why they weren t included, 
Its Awsome. My Friend Bought this movie for me on X-Mas I Loved It Buy It IF U LIKE EMINE  
Gandhi: An accomplished life. Mahatma Gandhi as the Indians call him is indeed a Mahatma a great soul But I rarely saw the usage of the word Mahatma in the 
 Drop and give me...Infinity . Bill S. Preston and Ted Thedore Logan return in this movie to stop thier evil robot selves. To do so, the dopey duo goes 
a riot. this show is an absolute riot. i watch it over and over and continously laugh. the stereotypes are right on the money and the comedy is never ending. 
Virtually identical to the laserdisc release. Those familiar with the Criterion s laserdisc edition of Secret Honor from the early 90s will recognize most features on this DVD release. Even 
What a scream!. Now that s what I expect from a Bruce Campbell movie! Crackerjack science, cheesy dialogue, just the right amount of overacting to carry off said dialogue, Czech 
sorry about the late review. Sorry about the late review... I thought I had already reviewed.: Great product, arrived on time and in great condition  
Henson s Done It Again!. My son, Daniel, saw Bear for the first time when he was 13 months and we took a trip to Disney World Playhouse Disney at 
Noises Off. There s a specific comic sensibility one needs to enjoy this type of physical farce, but if you have it, this movie will keep you in stitches.The casting 
Season 3 makes me Happy. In my opinion it is the best season out of the six. A must own  
Always Entertaining. Good actors and directing. Stone as usual throws in his idealogical slant and has Martin Sheen in the cast to give us the solid socialist perspective. But I 
Memorable. I have no idea how many movies I ve watched over the course of my life, but I do know that the vast majority of them have been totally 
Jackass-Number Two. Hope your not trying to eat and watch this at the same time!This is a great movie to pop in during a party. These guys are so messed 
See Bruce Willis Naked!!. Two lovers. One killer. Five suspects. Bruce Willis is a troubled psychiatrist who quits after a patient commits suicide. But when a colleague is murdered, Willis 
Very Effective. THis DVD gives you a moderately difficult stregthening workout. Not much traditional cardio but with activities like push ups, you do get your heartrate up. I have noticed 
...and Michelangelo can paint ceilings. Tagline: One vicious hitman. One fierce cop. Ten thousand bullets. Haha! Yup. That just about sums it up.Someone once said to Quentin Tarantion, I suppose 
I love it. I ve been dying to see a new P-Funk concert video. The violinist is a standout, though the new girl who sings Never Gonna Tell It is 
What a band!. This DVD is amazing! God bless heavy metal and Tesla s production &quot;Five Men Acoustical Jam&quot;. Now I can hardly believe that I have the DVD in 
excellent portrayal of a subculture. Most viewers will enjoy this funny little documentary, regardless of their knowledge of U-less Q words. It gives a great overview of the subculture, both 
Outstanding. Although L Age D Or is around three times as long as Bunuel and Dali s earlier film, Un Chien Andalou, I find this almost three times as entertaining 
A disturbing story. Philip Seymour Hoffman is absolutely fantastic in this role, the story, though quite disturbing, is interesting, and the movie made me want to buy the book by 
A first rate thriller. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie about a widow who re-gains her ability to love again -but soon is threatened by a mysterious woman who threatens to 
 She loves me! I can tell that through her screaming. . Very funny, I love the ol classic screwball comedies where everyone is screaming hysterically, running madly and falling 
Hilarious. What could be funnier than attacking controversial issues, without taking them seriously? From a poor guy who goes around giving people cheeseburgers and other things to a game of 
john singleton kept it real. he kept it real thats all i can say. aw yeah those people talkin bout its too much cussin. what u expect im from the 
Excellent movie, shows a true picture of modern China. This movie is truly wonderfully done. I appreciate the lightheartedness of the characters, and the deep resonances of director Zhang Yimou 
the best mystery i have seen in years!!!. if you like helen mirren you will love this movie, since it was expressly written for her by allan cubitt. there are 
Chinese Hitchcock. Koma is a surprisingly suspenseful film. While there is enough gore to certainly warrant horror flick categorization, director Chi-Leung Law delivers a very old school Hitchcock suspense tale. 
Very rewarding!!!. Spike Lee finally came through on his fourth film with Mr. Washington. This film is very moving and intriguing. Nail biting. Exciting. Smart casting and directing. Clive Owen 
Don t Go Out Half Hitchcocked. This film has improved with age. Curtis Hanson crafted a script that Sir Alfred Hitchcock would have proudly filmed. It features the classic bond 
great learning dvd. My son learned a lot from this dvd. He was able to repeat and identify letters of the alphabet easily. We liked it so much we sent 
What shows will be on this DVD?. Does anyone know what shows will be on this DVD besides That s So Raven, Lizzie McGuire, Even Stevens, Kim Possible and The 
Presto, chango, Magic is fun...WE RE DEAD!. I saw this when I was 12 years old and it freaked the shiznit out of me - low on gore, high on 
People With Disibilities Are People First. In my opinion, films that involve people with disabilities often focus first on the disability and not the person. This powerful film shows that 
Beam me up!. This flik is the first in three linked episodes II, III, IV of the 6 Star Trek Movies. Both this movie and the first Trek movie have 
Finney s performance a masterpiece. The Gathering Storm was a good bit better than what I expected. I thought Robert Hardy s portrayal of Churchill in The Wilderness Years, some 
Steer Clear of the Wine Cellar. With her large, expressive eyes and rather plain features, Dorothy Mc Guire is perfect for the mute servant girl in this superb gothic thriller. 
Great Comedy!!. Kevin Kline and Joan Cusak are excellent in this film, that will make you laugh, no doubt about it!  
 Allo Allo Complete series six. The wedding in this series six is the funniest thing I have ever seen. I am even laughing as I type this. If you 
All the U2 music videos you need from the 90s. It`s an amazing DVD, chuck full of U2 music videos with commentaries and alternative versions if there are any . 
Three views of the heroic in a stratified society. Since there are over 300 reviews of this magnificent film already posted, I would like to discuss some aspects of this 
whats on this disc???. It would be nice to have Amazon list whats on this set.. Its pricey so its not an item you buy and hope for the best!! 
Superior Scareflick. When I look at the scariest films of all time this one stands out as unique as the one that scares me after many years and many viewings. 
Dark and Light. This drama is filled with possitive messages but has a darkness to it that will make you angry, in a productive way  
WEDDING BELL BLUES. A surprise hit that was nominated for Best Picture in 1994, FOUR WEDDINGS AND A FUNERAL is a marvelously performed romantic comedy. Hugh Grant is superb as 
Educational and Entertaining. Well done. Steve s DVD is a great buy for beginners and people interested in the roots of U.S. music.This is classroom quality stuff. Demonstrating the drumkit 
All 3 Conam Movies. You have to have this one in order to complete your collection of the 3 Conan movies. The actres that played Conan Valeria in the first 
Good Holiday fun, but re-releases. This is a great way to get a the Disney shorts for the Holidays, but you may be buying the stories multiple times. Pluto s 
cool stuff. I enjoy this movie, to see a young character initiate what will hopefully become a lifelong process of growth and development--perhaps by the side of a loving woman 
Loved it as a kid and I still do................ Great movie and musical numbers courtesy of Quincy Jones and the wonderful cast.  
A great overlooked film. Why this movie bombed is beyond me. Maybe cause people were expecting to see the Rosanne they saw on the t.v. show. For a comedian turned 
Plenty of talent and charisma by Ashley Judd. This movie has the Miami Vice aspect to it, in terms of a lotof effort, thought and artistic vision is brought to 
One of my favorite films. I watched this film again recently and find it remarkable it has held up as well as it has. It seems as though it could 
Not So Final Fantasy, but Good Nonetheless. I d have to say I was disappointed when I first saw the first episodes of Unlimited. It was named Final Fantasy, but 
AC CLASSIC MYSTERY COLLECTION. This collection is a must have for a true AC Fan. All the usual suspects we try to catch on TV but end up mising them, 
With a touch of editing, this could have been spectacular. In 1992, when the movie was released to theaters, I was pleasantly surprised by a thriller that was filmed nearly 
We love this movie!. My nieces 8, 2 and 1 y o and I watch this movie everytime we get together. There are some moments in the movie that are 
Chopper Pleasure. It s all about wide open spaces, the open road, freedom, and of course: choppers. The soundtrack is a gem  
A Guitar Player s Dream!!!!!. I was in awe of the playing on this DVD. Words cannot describe how good this band was. A fine addition to any guitar DVD 
Incredible DVD, but the music makes it. I first saw Haunted Castle as a feature at the IMAX in New Orleans, LA. The imagery alone was enough to astound, but 
Excellent Video Biography of Jerry Lewis!!. This A&E Biography is an excellent account of a human being who has done so much for so many especially with his work for 
Well, I liked it. Read some bad reviews below. I just saw this movie for the first time and I actually thought it was good. I thought it was slow 
Still Frightening And Smart. By the time Millennium rolled into its second season the series creator, Chris Carter, was forced out of his usual head production duties due to the 
Shall We Dance? - Yes!!. Dancing is a passion that you either like or don t like. How many times have you heard people around you say that they love 
A dark, black rose. Where is King Solomon when you need him?. The Washington Post gave the best one-line summary of this Michael Douglas Kathleen Turner film: A yuppie Armageddon. 
West Side Story. Timeless classic movie. 2 of the songs are frequently re-done by various artist  
nothing else comes close. This is a really fine series. I ve watched it four or five times, and each time an interesting hidden nugget or two pops up. Jackson 
The Best!. This is one of the best sci fi animes out there and the colour transfer and quality of the DVD picture is smoking! The storyline seems better than 
Good Memories. For collectors this is amazing. Incredible to get this cartoons in dvd and in this times with high tech computer productions. Thanks editors  
Beautiful Adaptation. I came across this BBC version as I was about to purchase the 2005 big screen version. After reading the reviews, I was compelled to purchse this DVD 
Excellent movie with great acting and writing. This is a classic and one of the best movies, with great cast and great writing. I strongly recommend it  
Exciting Movie, Lots of Action and Beautiful S.E. I really enjoyed the watching the movie for it s scene with the Dragon and I thought the movie was interesting the 
A Review of the Special Edition. would rate the show as 5 stars, this is a review of the extras and features of the Special Edition issue.I recently bought all 
bad movie, but............................................ Well this is a very difficult movie to judge. I would highly recommend it to any man who wants about 5-8 amazingly sexy scenes. Seriously, if you 
Inspiring and moving. This PBS film should be viewed by everyone. It is motivational and inspiring. It truely defeats the what can I do I m only one person? attitude. 
packs a punch thriller action story slight drama movie. wow what a great movie. I saw the trailer and said to myself. I have to see this. and I did 
Not quite the same... Spectacular movie!I am very much a fan of Anne Rice s books, particularly the Vampire Chronicles. Though the movie does not quite match parts of the 
GORGEOUS TRANSFER!!! HDTV AT ITS BEST!!!. Is this what we were all waiting for??YES!!!Incredible image. Crisp. Rich. Full of detail. Incredible contrast. Amazing colors. This is exactly what HDTV is 
Gable Rules as Ford Looks On. Great to have MOGAMBO on DVD. It looks good. Not your usual John Ford film from my view. Clark Gable is the man and 
Faith Hill DVD , When the Lights Go Down . If you are a Faith Hill Fan, Rush to buy this Dvd. Some people complain about some of the talking 
Trippy. Okay, so JT Leroy never really existed. But that doesn t mean that the imagination that created him didn t conjure up a fascinating wealth of material that a 
Family Guy Rules!. I have every DVD relating to this show. It raises my mood anytime I need a boost.I m usually not a cartoon lover, but Family Guy DVDs 
might even be 5. This movie is a good watch. Selleck is perfect for the part and the rest of the cast is excellent. There is a scene later on 
kill bill vol. 2. i tend to bounce back-and-forth in my mind as to which half of the kill bill story i like better. as of writing this review, i 
Great work out with a plus for the strech part. The work out in this cd is easy to do, does not take much time if well schedule according with 
Deep In The Woods...Foreign Woods... Deep In The Woods is an outstanding foreign film. Released here in the U.S. it has not fared that well. Many think of it as 
This is a classic. One of the funniest movies ever. Great acting by all involved. Flawless dialogues. Plays nicely on sterotypes of New Yorkers versus Southerners.  
violent art western from Down Under. The Proposition is a grim, atmospheric western set not on the American frontier but rather in the Australian outback of the 1880 s.Captain Stanley 
The Spiral Staircase. Outstanding movie!!! If you love a good thriller this is your movie  
THIS IS HILARIOUS!. If you like comedy s then you have to see this! It rips off so many movies such as The Exorcist, Evil Dead, and Raiders of the 
What a Great Film!. I first encountered Jake Gyllenhaal in Donnie Darko a couple of years ago, and was blown away by his natural style of acting and easy likeability. 
A hammer -esque Italian Giallo. Seven Deaths in a Cat s Eye is not your typical giallo. Though the title is reminicent of many other giallo s made in the 
wow. I was delighted to see more than one shower scene. All natural. Different body types. You will not be disappointed  
Unbelievably Good!!!. If you like Shania Twain s music at all, you ll love this DVD. Tons of songs on it, and all performed brilliantly. Just a great show, showing 
THE ANGEL DOLL. I have watched this movie at LEAST 3 times! The young boy who plays WHITEY is EXCELLENT! The rest of the cast are fantastic.The movie touches on 
Better than Wanda. If A Fish Called Wanda was the UK s best comedy of the 80 s, then Fierce Creatures, created by the same brilliant minds and staring many 
One of the better cop dramas out there. I loved this movie. Way better than the overblown and much-hyped Training Day, this movie has extreme subtlety and plays its hand 
Staple for any 80s movie fan. Sixteen Candles was the first film collaboration between John Hughes and Molly Ringwald and started a very profitable franchise for both Ms. Ringwald and 
A beautiful and sensitive movie. A beautiful and sensitive movie about a Jewish child , Faygele Claudia Lander-Duke , in Russia , in 1927 , whose father emigrates to the 
i love almodovar. i can t say it any other way. as one critic once, almodovar doesn t just make movies. he is THE MOVIES! in the light of that, 
Awesome show!. Supernatural quickly became one of my favorite shows on tv and I looked forward to owning the first season as soon as it became available. This show has 
Everyday it s CSI. I actually bought this DVD set for my sisters, who like the show. I ended up spending Christmas vacation watching the episodes with them, and I 
Only four episodes from the first year, but it s worth the price. Sure, it s only four of the episodes from Season One, but the price is right and 
A very silly but lovely 1950s soap opera. There are some wonderful reasons to add the newly released-on-DVD The Best of Everything to your film library. For one, it is 
A sexy good time. This British mini-series is based on a book I haven t read. It s a series a stories about Nan s turn-of-the-century struggle to become a 
A fine little tale. The fine acting, fine story and the soundtrack that is just a pleasure to listen to combine to make Waking Ned Devine a movie that I 
Funny movie. Chris Rock and Jacky Chang are amazing in this movie. The movie is really funny. A lot of action in this movie. Good date movie. The movie is 
RIVERDANCE, FEET OF FLAMES - VHS. I bought this for my 3 1 2 year old daughter. She loves videos with singing and dancing. She we absolutely LOVE this tape! 
Secuestro express. Excelente pelcula. Retrata vividamente la realidad que se vive en las grandes ciudades Latinoamericanas , llamese Ciudad de Mxico, Bogot o Caracas. Bravo por el directo  
Family Fun. My children have enjoyed this movie, and now my grandson enjoys watching it with us too. Reminds us never to assume  
80 s Child. Remember I ll form the head , totally cool DVD set. Unique lion tin that comes with the DVDs. Clear episodes and with no commercials. I wish 
Anyone Can Be A Hero... I loved this movie! I thought that it was a great send up of the &quot;superhero&quot; movie... Damon Wayens plays a nerd that gets tired 
Fantastic dvd s...excellent workouts. I recently started the miracle mile and the two mile walk and I must say that these 2 workouts are FANTASTIC!!! I have not tried the 
Helen Mirren, Helen Mirren Nead I say more? . There is one main reason to see this film: HELEN MIRREN! She s fabulous! I missed it in the theaters but 
Che casino questi giovani! Ma al fondo c e una speranza. Il film racconta con estremo realismo in tutta la prima parte e oltre l incredibile confusione mentale a cui 
Psychic wars... A top secret government program is installed to develop the psychic powers of a certain breed of special individuals known in the underground as scanners , who can 
Great learning tool!. This DVD is an excellent learning tool for parents, caregivers and babies! Exactly what I was looking for to introduce sign language to our little one  
BEST FORD WITHOUT WAYNE. I first saw this movie at our local in the late 50`s here in the U.K. The Memory of Marty Maher never left.. Looking through Amazon 
don t erase this. stranger in a strange land. freaky as all get out. it moves a liitle slow,but i loved it. i had heard about this movie since my 
True Essence of Vinyasa. This vinyasa practice is wonderfully appropriate for beginner-advanced practitioners. Seane uses clear and precise language to convey the true essence of hatha vinyasa yoga. The postures 
Interesting 2nd Season. My daughter has become a Buffy fan and she got hooked on the first season. The second season is also very good, but you can see a 
Great News. I watched this movie not expecting much but I loved it. It was a great news movie, if you like true stories about screwed up peoples lives you 
Van At His Most Endearing. Having always considered Van Johnson my Golden Prince of the Silver Screen, I was charmed with his powerful portrayal of a lonely loveable soldier about 
Very Scary !!. This is a good thriller. Anthony Hopkins is one of the top actors in the world because he is able to play very good characters and very 
Good Quality Fun. If you are looking for a fun way to waste 2 hrs this is a good movie that could have been great. The sticking point being some 
Don t mis-judge Mike Judge. I know a lot of you who have never seen Beavis and Butthead probably think very little of the show based on the low-brow nature 
Movie Review. Inliked the film in the theater and I like the film now. The plot does not drag and does not bore  
9 Songs - Breaking new ground or an embarassment?. I ve read a few reviews on 9 songs and one thing they all seem to agree upon is that the 
The Big One: Michael Moore s Crusade against Corporate America. G D bless you Michael Moore for your crusades not only in the books you have written but also for 
FABULOUS!!!. Is there a better Hollywood musical? I don t think so! Julie Andrews is phenomenal!  
The Best Adaptation To Date. This adaptation of Alexander Dumas work by Didier Decoin and Josee Dayan is one of the best to come to the screen in a long 
A lovely depiction of the novel. I adored this series when it first aired in 1978, I was 12 at the time and staying at my Gran s during the 
Deeply Touching. This movie makes you think about things we don t think about everyday.... life, death, and what s important. Defintiely an eye-opener... deep and emotional at times.  
Dead Man s Revenge. NED BLESSING: DEAD MAN S REVENGE 1993 isn t really a movie. It s two episodes of the short-lived CBS series butted together. If you re 
Fabulous!. I found this film very entertaining! I loved the subtle pokes at suburbia and all the headaches that comes with it. Adults will enjoy the story as well as 
great movie!. this dvd is great, it doesn t have a lot of special features and all that but it s good to know that you can have a classic 
Secret. Though the Secret gives a visual of how things come to you. I believe that if we a spiritual beings why wasn t there more reference to GOD! A 
gardener s delight. This is the third season of a delightful horticultural mystery series starring Felicity Kendall and Pam Ferris. The two professional gardeners amateur sleuths embark on some pretty 
Keeps You Guessing!. Great supsense movie that keeps you guessing. A foreboding house, creepy stepmother, an indifferent father and a ghost, what more could a person want  
THE JOURNEY S NOT OVER. The dvd concert offerings from this 1970 s super group are limited to just three releases to date.I don t really consider the second dvd 
Anglophile loves Judi Dench. She really brings a character to life. And this short series of British comedy was really enjoyable  
Great fun for the whole family!!!. I watched all of these shows as a child. I still enjoy watching them just as much as I did back then. I ve 
Excellent movie about one of the best. This is my favorite movie about a musician my 2nd favorite being Walk the Line . Jamie Foxx does an outstanding job playing 
darkwing duck craze. It was great!27 epiosides in all,it s the best Disney cartoon I ever seen.Darkwing Duck,a super hero,stops all the bad guys in St.Canard,no bad guys ever win. 
Wonderful Epic. This film is an exciting epic. It is so hard to even fathom how they accomplished some of the epic-scope scenes. Truly inspiring to all who love films 
An Excellent Fantasy Comedy!. Pleasantville is an astonishing film that is a tremendous joy to watch. The film s transformation from black and white to color was truly unique. Also, 
The Crash Scene!!. How do you show a millionaire playboy, swooping in by plane to pick up a socialite Hollywood actress and make it look like a coming of age 
Not a film as much as a language. The Man with a Movie Camera Dziga Vertov, 1929 The opening moments of the newly-restored edition of Dziga Vertov s most famous 
Cutting Edge to the Extreme. The 80s totally rocked, with laid back teenagers who were a little wild, a little care free. Who doesn t love that? Especially when it 
Just Buy It!. One of the best Anime series I have seen to date. If you do not have it in your collection then get it  
Jet Li In Action. This is a showcase of Jet Li s brand of martial arts...fast and furious. While this is no Fist Of Legend the movie has enough action 
Fun anime, and it s been awhile. After seeing the repetatity of Full Metal Panic, and the blah finale of Rune Soldier, it s been a long time since I 
She saved the world - a lot. From 1997 to 2003, Joss Whedon gave his audience some of the best episodes aired on television. BUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER showcased an 
FASTEN YOUR SEATBELTS FOR A WILD RIDE ~ ONE OF THE VERY BEST OF TALES FROM THE CRYPT!!!!!. This VHS is TOP QUALITY in every way: script BRILLIANTLY WRITTEN , 
Jane Grey fan. I own this film on VHS and it s one of the jewels of my collection. I ve been a Tudor fan and a Lady Jane Grey 
Unexpected Gem of a Film. I rented this movie without knowing anything about it other than it starred Alan Rickman and Josh Hartman. But I enjoyed it so much that 
I love it!. I had never watched this series before I ordered the first disc on Netflix. I quickly became obsessed and ordered the whole season on DVD. This season 
THE BEST ZOMBIE MOVIE EVER!!. I first saw this when I was 19, in 1980 when Dawn was only a couple of years old, and I was catatonic all night! 
Little People rock!. My 2 1 2 year old grandson, Justin, is a huge fan of the Little People. It s such fun for him to see some of his 
Amazing. My 4 month old baby loved this dvd. He likes the music and the moving toys. Pictures change in a slow motion that is comfortable for young babies. I 
Good science fiction. The interpersonal script of the movie is not good, but the visual effects and the science are marvelous  
A Wild & Creepy Sleeper !. Stuart Gordons DAGON is a unique horror gem that belongs in every true horror fans collection! While not as well known as Re-Animator this 
Angela Lansbury Shines as a Witch. This movie is one of those family charmers that has something for everyone. There is an exciting animated portion for the children. There is 
excellent documentary. If, like the rest of us, you spend most of your time pissing and moaning over the seeming unfairness and petty inconveniences of everyday life, I suggest you 
The Wind in the Willows. The Wind in the Willows, by Kenneth Grahame, was originally a series of bedtime stories for Grahame s son. It is still commonly considered to 
KOYLA: Winner of the1997 Oscar and Golden Globe for Best Foreign Language Film. And, I might add, this magnificent Czech film deserved to win these coveted awards.I have recently been 
A film for now and future Bresson devotees. Most of the reviews so far fail to make these points: if you have not yet seen other films by Bresson such 
What Massage?. This is more just to inform the reader: there is no massage on the DVD I just bought. I don t know if that was another version, but 
The special effects were great. I am a huge fan of any kind of werewolf movie. I ve seen them all from the Howling to Dark Wolf. This one was 
Surprising performance. The plot had an old fashioned, downhome feel with a somewhat modern or perhaps timeless theme. The hyjinx was enjoyable, and the singing was a fun surprise  
One of the Best Workout Videos I ve Ever Seen!. I really liked the Quick Fit! 10-Minuets to Tone DVD. It had very good workouts. I also really liked the 
THE NET. This is an interesting story, for me, since I have been writing computer code since 1959. I also find Sandra Bullock interesting The story line of an individual 
dark atmosphere in this chilling little story. This movie is so, so creepy and gothic and weird, without being too bloody or too gratuitous. It s silently creepy and disturbing, 
old school. This is a must have in a surf-dvd collection. It is the original, and may put you to sleep. But it is the roots of the surfing industry 
Awesome series!!. I m mildly into anime, I only watch the stuff that I really enjoy. This is the only series that has really drawn me in. Usually it s 
Splendor In The Grass, Glory In The Flower, Nothing Can Bring Back The Hour. Opening on a glorious shot of a waterfall and a passionate lip-lock between raven-haired beauty Natalie 
Meee-owwww!. This is a great DVD for divorced fathers like me who have every-other-weekend custody of both the kids and their cats. From now on, their cats won t simply 
If You Loved Doctor Suess - Then Dr Tulwilliker Is Your Man. Only Doctor Suess could take something mundane as a child s passing dred of parent enforced music lessons 
Good workout and great value. I use this and Menezes book to help me establish a workout and get guidance on technique. This isn t as expensive as the other 
Die Hard = Action At Its Finest. The original Die Hard is one of those rare movies that come around once every 10 years or so. If you look at 
In search of the populism as new!. The search for the forgotten average man as a publicity stunt require by a newspaper, and how backfired.A luxurious cast,headed for Gary Cooper 
Real good movie. I came across this movie through one of my book clubs that I am into; I bought the movie and was hooked; what I liked so much 
Loosely based on a great book The Club Dumas . I enjoyed the movie. Depp does a great job in these normal man roles and this is no exception. Intrigueing 
Kitty-Crack. The introduction of this DVD to my house is akin to the CIA s introduction of crack cocaine to south central LA in the 80 s. Now everytime I 
Still fun after all these years. Whether it was the lure of cashing in on the oldies circuit or just a chance to renew a relationship, Kenny Loggins and Jim 
For nostalgia purposes only. I ll be the first to admit that, if you haven t grown up with this movie, it s gonna stink like the bushes outside your 
I am soooo excited!. OMG! I am so excited about the release of the 2nd season of Martin. I mistakenly did not pre-order season 1 and it took me about 
Lions and tigers and bears, Oh MY!. I got this video mainly for my 4 year old daughter. We borrowed it from the library and she loved it so much 
Pure Entertainment. Despite it s cast of respected actors, Con Air is not a good film in the traditional sense. It s not a good film in the way Pulp 
There should STILL be a sequel to this!. This movie is a lot better than people give it credit for. It s got a great cast and is very funny.Plus, 
Compare Breakfast at Tiffany s and Sex and the City. I ve always wanted to watch this movie and I am so glad that I watched it finally. Truly it 
excellent. the movie was greatmakes you thinkcannot wait to see the second on  
TRUE love story. This is a movie all should watch to understand love. Ostensibly about the deterioration of a brilliant writer from Alzheimer s Disease, this movie is really the 
A must for people that grew up in the 80 s. To get a dvd like this one is not a time travel machine, but I can assure that is 
2 stars for the story a 4.5 for the action, 5 stars for the stick fight and for jet li going off on EVERYBODY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. This movie is really freaking weird. 
great workout. I love this workout..I have lost 20 pounds just doing this workout at least 4 days a week and watching what I eat.I love the different workouts you 
Not The Best Movie Ever, But I Enjoyed It. This was a sword and sorcery movie with bad guys that seemed to have come from a sci-fi movie. This is 
The Sopranos fourth season contines the story of Tony Soprano. Many people thought that the fourth season of The Sopranos was too much talking, not enough whacking. However that didn 
Beautiful film by a talented and underrated director. The War is an underrated film by an equally underrated director. Jon Avnet, who made this film, also made Fried Green Tomatoes 
Best Gay Comedy of 20th Century. This is funniest and light-hearted comdey that is not overly cheesy or degrading. Its cute, charming and watchable. Just a typical love story that 
What happened to Tru. I remember when Tru Calling first came out on TV and I loved it. That was one of the main reasons I bought this. It tells 
love it. Whenever I m sad.. I watch this movie to cheer me up. Point blank, its hilarious. I miss the old Nickeloden &lt;  
I Grow up with Sesame St. I was born in 1961. I was born before Sesame St. in 1969. That s when the first time PBS had Sesame St. This 
Snap shot: 1989ish. For better or worse, this film really represents an era, particularly in So Cal. This film is superficial but bright and smart... and has VERY bright colors 
Madea s Family Reunion. Anything Madea is in is worth watching!This movie had it all.I loved it  
one of the best asian family film i have seen. Flawless and Beautifully Rieveting The Joy Luck Club has to be the best movie I have ever seen, and probably 
Shoot the Piano Player. I want to start this review with this. The piano player is never shot. Having said that, this is Francois Truffaut s second film, following his 
No One Does It Better. There is absolutely no one past or present who does to women on screen what Rudolph Valentino does. He is the ultimate lover. Just watch 
Hoot. While you are waiting for the Guardian of Ga Hoole movie to be released, this movie may keep your owl fans happy  
A Little Far Fetched but Funny. Accepted is an enjoyable comedy, although a little hard to believe. Bartelby B. Gaines is a high school senior who has one major problem. 
Coolest movie. I loved this movie and believe it had one of the best action. Really fast. Jet li is awesome. Like most Hong Kong martial art movies it has 
Staple for any 80s movie fan. Sixteen Candles was the first film collaboration between John Hughes and Molly Ringwald and started a very profitable franchise for both Ms. Ringwald and 
Take a chill pill. It s just a cartoon. It s good to see another side of MJ. I don t see how it s terribly terrible for the kids. 
Love it; Great beginner yoga DVD. When I decided to try yoga this was the first DVD that I purchased. It is fantastic. I have since bought another 3 of 
Ron White is tops. Rod White is great in this DVD. I can t wait to see him in concer  
A treasure trove!. I love this 2-disc DVD set. It offers 4 1 2 hours of demonstrations of classical ballet movements, beautifully executed by four legendary ballet dancers including Kevin 
Love it!. I love ab work and I ve been a fan of Violet Zaki since Crunch s Cardio Sculpt so I had high expectations for this workout. It did 
Still going strong. OMG what a season!!! This show just gets better and better with every episode. Remember to watxh the first 2 seasons first  
The BEST EVER!. I agree with all those who have provided their enthusiam and great reviews for this show. It is the best show that has ever been created. To 
Betty Blue... I cannot add to the other reviews for this film, but I wish to touch upon a few points.1. Ms. Dalle is a very attractive woman, but it 
....Cried.... A Lot. I love this movie. From the first time I saw it I was absolutely mesmerised. I definetly reccomend this movie to anyone who enjoys myth and a 
Harrowing Tale of Redemption. A brutal, harrowing film about domestic violence filled with the most swearing probably ever committed to film. Worth seeing for the amazing performances of the two 
Fantastic... This two disc set rates 5 stars for the music and choreography. The highlight of the set is the Rip It Up dance number from Don t Knock The 
Danger Man Is a REAL Man. I am struck watching these shows at how different they are from James Bond. I am a Bond fan, but DANGER MAN almost makes 
Sweet Music. This DVD is perfect for our 12-month-old, and we wish we would have run across it sooner. The music and images seem peaceful and calming. We like that 
Bring it On Review. It s fun, it s got hot girls and an easy going plot that makes you laugh  
Art instruction as if you were sitting next to the teacher.. I found this method of instruction superior to any book, DVD, or video. The content of the various methods 
Real human disaster drama. The original and the best. The remake was good but this orignal is superior  
Critics missed this one... ...and they caused me to pass it up for about 20 years, too. I don t recall many kind words about this movie when originally released. 
Why do space men get all the fun?. This movie is a classic, u have so many great actors in this movie... You know, I loved this movie the first 
Ooops, they did it again!. I never thought I d see an animated film as good as Toy Story or Finding Nemo, but this one steals my heart! The CGI 
Keep rollin. Loved the series and love the DVD. I am A 53 year old woman who loved watching Mushie and Wishbone and Gil and Pete in the 50 s. 
The King Kong of Gangster Movies. If I could rate this movie with ten stars, I wouldn t. it deserves 100 stars! This is one movie that should forever be 
Simply Love It!. I first &quot;discovered&quot; the Touching Evil series when I was flipping through the channels and landed on PBS Mysteries! I ve always enjoyed mysteries, especially British-made mysteries, 
2f2f trailor song?. hey,does anyone know what the name of the song played in the 2 fast 2 furious trailor preview is  
Very Funny!. This is one of our favorite movies, and being sailors, we - and almost every other sailor we know - always have this movie on our boat! This 
TAPE YOUR EYES OPEN. When I first saw this film , I watched with my jaw open all through the film. Nothing like it and never will be. Ultra Violent, 
Cartoons done the right way. It is nice to revisit the cartoons I grew up with one more time.I truly enjoyed going back in time and remembering how funny and 
An intelligent series. I can t say enough good things about Prison Break. Finally a series that delivers, with enough intrigue and interest to keep even the most jaded viewer 
Old-Fashioned Adventure Tale. Here s an epic movie that reminded me of those that were made in the mid 1960s such as Dr. Zhivago and Lawrence Of Arabia. Interesting to 
A tongue-in-cheek Scarlet Pimpernel. Having read most of the reviews here and on other websites, there seems to be 3 main groups of people checking out this DVD set.1. Those 
Awesome take on an old favorite. I was very hesitant to see this movie, I am a die hard Sarah Brightman fan as well as a Phantom fan. I was 
Great Hit With My Baby. I have a 13 month old boy and he has both the Right and the Left Brain video and he loves them! I can have 
l920 s Comedian,One of the best. I ran across this movie one night on TCM station. Had never heard of Max Linder. Then remembered the book, The Silent Clowns , 
Very Good. As expected, this Yuen Woo Ping film is very good. Nice fight choreography and even includes a cameo by Simon Yuen. The hero is the same hero from 
Amazing. Another masterpiece from Tarantino. and the extras on this dvd are just Amazing!!!!The same thing goes for the package itself. it s outstanding!  
Heartwarming, good for all ages. I remember watching Anne of Green Gables when I was a little girl with my sister, over and over again. Laughing everytime Anne broke her 
Great Book Adaption, Not so Great Film. Despite many large and small changes to the characters and storyline what little there is of Bret Easton Ellis book, The Rules of 
Two previously released workouts YogaSculpt and Core Essentials on one DVD. In Yoga & Sculpting, instructor Karen Voight has packaged two of her previous workouts on one DVD. I have 
Best Concept Album of the 80 s. Just what you would expect! Almost as good as seeing it in person  
An unbelievable movie. Wow. Wow. Wow.That describes this movie perfectly. I am amazed at this extraordinary movie vastly superior to the sixth sense. Both of these movies came out the 
HOORAY for LIONGATE!. I love this stuff I grew up loving them on Chiller Theatre,Creaturefeature and Fright Night.Those old 50 s horror sci-fi never get oldAnd thanks to companies like 
Voodoo Academy. Voodoo Academy is a fun movie. It dosent take itself serioussly and its very funny. A boy named Christopher Sawyer enrolls in a bible college and the head 
My most watched film of all time!!!. Having been lucky enough to have seen and videotaped the original broadcast of Ric Burn s Coney Island way back in 1991 I 
Magnificent. I ve watched many Japanese movies and have never felt them until I watched Ran . Powerful, Dark , you can almost guess what s going to happen but 
This Canadian version is superior to the cheaper U.S. DVD. The VHS tape masters were used for the U.S. Platinum DVDs. The budget minded buyer can go for the cheaply 
if you like the classic westerns, this is a must-see, must-own. I first saw this movie in the early 60s, when I was a young kid, and it stayed in 
fast delievery and very well packed. this was the dvd i orded and it was fastdelievery and packed very nice and easycommunication i will be diffinlty buying morestuff soo  
PSP Movie: Talladega Nights. Glad to see this movie in PSP format so soon after release  
Tasty Candy. John Candy at his best---plenty of laughs, lots of pathos. Formulaic but worthwhile nonetheless. Watch this just for the Principal s Office scene! Or for a bearable MacCauley 
Review for 3 Disc Extended Edition. The biggest problem most people had with King Kong was its length, so there s no surprise that reaction by the general public to 
I was amazed at how good this is. I bought this DVD because it was cheap, and I figured I could not go wrong with an old Hitchcock classic. The 
Awesome. I just recently watched this movie and I totaly loved it. I m a big fan of reese witherspoon so I knew that I d enjoy it but I 
Enjoyable Kevin Spacey Vehicle. Ordinary Decent Criminal shot in the U.K., Germany and Ireland was a fairly loose and thinly veiled adaptation of the John Boormans critically acclaimed book, The 
Awesome. Tricks and endless powder skiing boarding make this movie a winner. cool base jumping and sky diving stuff. Good soundtrack too. Another great Warren Miller movie. nuf said. : 
The fun continues. I dont want to beat on a dead horse but I have to agree with all the reviewers on how great this show is. When I first 
The series for X-men lovers. Let s face it. The oringinal X-men series is over. Now either we can go watch Spiderman or we can enjoy this show. Spyke is 
Outstanding set and a fun film!. I was already a fan of Welles Touch of Evil when I came across this gem at 3 AM one night on public TV. 
The Best Family Show to Hit The Air waves In Its Time. The year was 1972 when this show hit the airwave on CBS September 14 as a weekly series. 
FULL of much research and wonderful images. This movie shows how closely related we humans are to mammals with scientific research and observation. It gives wonderful descriptions and examples of 
The day after seeing it, it really struck a chord. While watching this movie I was simply charmed by the music and carried along by the events. It wasn t 
Lucky likes it!. My cat, Lucky, enjoys the video. I would suggest it for kitties that already show an interest in the television. If the bird segments were longer, it 
Rare Laserdiscs - dvds Movies Collector. Winners Take All IS One my greatest movies of the 80s,I have it on dvd..Heart Stoppin Sports Action .. :  
Back when talkies had dialogue... Nice one. Leslie Howard is a lot more interesting in this than he ever was as Ashley Wilkes. Perenially sympathetic Myrna Loy is sexy and 
Amazing!! Amazing!!. The writing is awesome!! This season is soo heartbreaking. I cried soo much!! Please give this a show chance and watch the whole entire series  
Do it like Gurinder!. Parminder is a remarkable British Punjaban who s more in love with football than the frivolity of her culture!She s a character that perhaps most desi 
Throne of Blood. Kurosawa and Noh do Macbeth with so much less language not that I do not like Shakespeare s poetry and so much more physical expression, that I 
One of the Best. This film is immense. The power of one person to move the hearts and souls of others is incredible. Sally Field is the consumate actor. This 
Not perfect if you benchmark it against the book, but worth the money comapred to other adaptions. The bad:1. The ending is probably the most criticized part of this adaption. 
Excellent Movie. This was a great movie - edge of your seat - would recommend it to anyone  
Testament To the Strength of American Family. Contrary to what some believe the Grape family depicted here is not dysfunctional. Rather they are a loving one that hold together despite 
Double trouble. I just enjoy watching any or all of the movies that Elvis has made. Since he is no longer around  
1970s PROG ROCK album covers meets MODERN SCIENCE. I enjoyed this program, probibly more for the graphics, than for the science which was speculative to the point of being pure 
A stirring film!. This movie truly tugs at the heart, The bliss of romantic love, and the agony of losing the one who has become the center of your universe.It 
 The Jury --Brief Commentary. I purchased The Jury because I was totally captivated with Gerard Butler s stellar performance in The Phantom of the Opera and I wanted to 
Creepy Couple. This production is decades old, but will continue to be a classic. The settings are spare, the costumes are minimalist and stark. The acting is truly scarey. Ian 
Stunning and Challenging. I loved everything about this movie: the novelty of an Australian Western; the freshness of viewing racism from perspectives other than American blacks and whites in this 
fantastic jet li movie, though a bit cheesy. The Defender is perhaps one of Jet Li s more different and original of all his HK made films. The movie relies 
The Golden Age Of Disney. It s been a long time since Disney has done something truly inspiring. This isn t to say Disney hasn t made any good animations, 
Lenny Bruce In Action. For any Lenny Bruce fan, this film is absolutely essential. It is the only time in his all-too-brief career that Lenny s nightclub act was filmed 
one of the best documentaries I have seen....... I first saw HOOP DREAMS, in its glory, in the movie theatre, when it was released some thirteen years ago. This film 
A Good Year. Another Ridley Scott triamph. An excellent story told well and filmed magnificiently. Have just visiy=ted the south of France and this movie drought it all back. A 
Fun and entertaining. If you don t know much about this particular series, it is not completely surprising. This series had some rough starts and a rough run overall. The 
What a movie!. Melanie was just PERFECT in this! And Joan Cusack! So good, so funny, so perfectly cast! 5000 dolluhs?? And it s not even leather! I just love 
Mesmerising !. On the strength of reading other reviews I held off buying the double DVD..The Sheik Son of the Sheik and elected to buy KINO s version of Son 
Broadway s Golden Age. This DVD is a must-see for those of you who are interested in the best of Broadway. However, this DVD shows musicals only, so if you 
OMG, OMG, OMG. This movie will freak you out and I don t scare easily. I watch most of the things that my friends won t. I think the hardest 
GREAT SELLER!!!!!!!!!!!!. DVD arrived promptly, as described, well packaged. I would gladly buy from again!  
You must know your politics to get the gags!. Back in the 1960 s two teenage girls brought down the British government in what became known as The Porfumo Affair 
Love it!. I love thats so raven! its the best disney show i have ever watched! and this dvd is great! buy it and watch it its so great! also 
Hillarious Movie. Tim Allen does it again. We love all of his movies.My 2 & 3 year old love the movie, as well as the parents.Tim is hillarious, as always, 
Clearly up for interpretation. I m surprised there are so many so-so reviews of this movie - I thought it was really good. The plot was pretty hard to follow 
Best i have seen in years. Few films carry an all Female cast that was so strong in it s acting, and making you believe that what was happening actually 
45 Times and Counting. It is not a mistake: I have seen this movie so many times that I can only estimate the number of times I have seen it. 
Wilde would approve. Delightfully and cleverly told, Great casting, and beautiful to watch. I felt the additions to the story and plot that were made to the original play in 
Classic Elvis. This movie is Hawaii at it s most beautiful and Elvis at his most entertaining. It s a fun romp in the sun and makes you wish you 
Very romantic. I like love stories and I LOVE Keanu Reeves and Sandra Bullock. So the two of them together in a romantic movie, that s a sure winner for 
Brilliant! I can t believe people think it had plot-holes!. I loved this movie. I didn t think the plot was patchy at all, and I didn t think it 
A Splendid Time is Guaranteed For All... Really, I m serious!I watched this film with two friends: one who loves the Beatles, one who can t stand the Beatles, and 
Amazing, Truly Amazing. I read the reviews for this movie and decided to buy it.On the cover there is a quote by Kevin Thomas of the L.A. Times stating Flat-out 
Really Great Concert DVD and Cool Bonus Material. Now you can own The Erasure Show Live In Cologne on DVD. The show was filmed on March 23, 2005.Who said that 
Silly, but worth a laugh or two. Paula is hired to teach Tripp how to grow up and to get him to move out of his parent s house, and 
Holy Nostalgia!. I had the pleasure of watching this movie -- and the accompanying TV series -- in two different, but equally enjoyable, phases: First, as a 4th grader when 
twisted. Michael Douglas is so convincing as a cold, calculating criminal big business man, who hatches a scheme to do away with his cheating wife. Since the other man in 
Where Will & Jack Feared to Tread. I am a self-appointed critical diva and yet I loved this film. Don t believe the critics: see it for yourself! If straight 
Very Insightful. Centers upon teens force to leave home looking for work and adventure during the great drepression. Keeps your attention through the enitre film  
Fantastic!. I hate to have to spend this kind of money on a DVD, but I will say that this was worth it. I also wish it hadn t been 
THE ULTIMATE KYLIE ANTHOLOGY. A fairly complete history of Kylie Ann s career. This DVD covers EVERY VIDEO that matters from her origin as an artist; the SAW years Stock, 
Elke looks great!. This is my favorite Pink Panther movie and the only one without Pink Panther in it s title. Peter Sellers does his usual great job as the 
Ladies and Gentlemen: The Best of George Michael DVD . What an enjoyment to watch this fantastic talented man putting his best to film. Well put together DVD, Can easily 
Incredible. Only in this masterpiece can you find Arnold Schwarzeneggar saying I m not a pervert! I just wanted the Turboman doll, Put the cookie down! Now! and Rock- em-sock- 
Chirstmas for dad. This item arrived exactly as I expected in less time then I was told. Thanks for the great servic  
Classic Fulci masterpiece. Another Fulci masterpiece how does this guy do it?? I think this is his 3rd best and in my opinion it was alot better than City Of 
A for effort. This is a classic as I remembered watching it throughout my life. To now watching it in high definition, I couldn t believe I was watching the 
Beavis and Butthead Do America. I laughed my a off this movie!Rated PG-13 for continous crude sex related humor and language,and a drug-related scene.Parents may want to watch it before 
Eye For An Eye 1996 . Over the 90s, since 1993 s THE VANISHING & THE THREE MUSKETEERS, Kiefer had starred in many movies that did not do well at 
Number Two is number one with me!!. I got started knitting with the original Art of Knitting DVD in 2004. It started my love affair with knitting, which still continues. 
The fleeting freedom of Monty Brogan. Kudos to Spike Lee whose deft directorial touch and aided by stellar acting performances created a poignant ode to a criminal Monty Brogan possessed 
Nice packaging. The asset I liked the most was the deluxe packaging remembering the galon of gas that Mr. Blonde tried to use over the captured policeman. In addition, inside 
Can I give this 6 stars?. &quot;Clambake&quot; is by far the greatest piece of cinema seen this side of Memphis. I love Elvis! While the costumes are a tad sketchy 
brilliant film. years since I saw this film, but remember liking it, until I figured out how to find it. I knew Dana Carvey was in it from knowing that 
THE WRONG MAN THEME DIRECTED BY THE RIGHT MAN : STARRING THE RIGHT MAN. CLASSIC CASE OF MISTAKEN IDENTITY S WORST CASE SCENARIO --- MAKES A BEST CASE CLASSIC FILMJUST 
AM GOnna GEt YOu and Your little DOg 2!. ALyssa Milano is HOT , HOT , HOT. I like this movie, it is like a reverse teen version of Fatal 
The icing on the proverbial cake. Dumb and Dumber is one of those movies that if you really think about it, kind of relates to you Junior and Senior year 
Battling Blades bring Blood and Brutality. I wanna mention up front that though this is probably only a 4 star movie overall, action movie s are held to a lower 
A Blast from the Past. I also remember seeing this movie when I was a young teen in the 70 s. It s a nice period piece from that era. 
If you are a fan... All the reviews here are from people who are not or who are not necessarily fans of Jess Franco s work. Let it be said 
Oblongs DVD = Funny. Saw the show on Adult Swim and was very upset knowing that was it- one season! Had to get it on the DVD to add to 
very creepy and disturbing movie. This movie would have been nothing if not for the effective, nuanced acting skills of Jeremy Irons. He so convincingly portrays twin doctors one sick, 
Similar story to Mean Girls. When three popular girls in high school Courtney, Marcy and Julie kidnap their best friend Elizabeth Purr on her birthday as an innocent and friendly 
Really good. I enjoyed this movie, in my opinion the best out of the three. Excellent, waiting for the next one.....  
The Missing Link Can I give it 6 Stars?. An outstanding animated set of adventures, Star Wars-Clone Wars Vol. 1, brings to the screen 20 three-minute war stories from the 
Beautiful. This is a story about the love between people that transends death itself. It also shows that a person is willing to be condemned to hell forever just for 
Not for all tastes!. Blake Edwards knows Hollywierd better than most, and has suffered ups and downs in his fifty-year career. On the upside are THE PINK PANTHER, A SHOT 
GREAT DVD AND MOVIE ....BUT. This movie is a visual treat! Tim Burton can certainly come up with all the visual elements in a film,but he lacks in his story 
Without a doubt, this has to one of the finest films ever made!. Not the for tiny tots, but definately a family movie. Children 10 and older will get a 
Superman, the character as he Should be. I won t go into plot and character details, you can read the other reviews for that. I will tell you that I 
The classic comedy. This movie is the greatest classic comedy ever. Don t listen to the lady, who gave this movie only 2 stars, she doesn t know what she 
The Best Portrayal of the Joker Yet!. This movie is incredible. The animation and the acting are all but flawless, and the music is pretty cool as well. My sister 
Good for overweight people. I am currently 90 lb overweight hey, I know that s bad, but it s down from 150 lbs over . I also have an autoimmune 
A Classic. This movie is a classic of old cinema. What great names with Norma Shearer and a young Joan Crawford. The great thing about this movie is that it 
This is the movie I like best. When I ve got caught in the light rain, I often remenber the scene of Joe Turner s rushing to a restaurant for 
Stylish Western. This is a quirky little western with a bevy of interesting characters and a style all it s own. Kirk Douglas is a convicted robber who tries to 
Amazing story of Love and Loss. I found this movie to be amazing. You really connected with the characters. This is the type of movie that you either hate it 
Leave Her to Heaven 1946. In this Classic melodrama acclaimed for its lush Academy Award-winning cinematography : Gene Tierney 1920-1991 arresting portrayed of a jeleous woman earned her Oscar nomination 
A great reproduction of a great movie with a great set of Extras. I need to preface this review with the comment that I am not a John Wayne fan. 
A wonderful reunion - but not enough S&G songs. This free concert held in New York City s Central Park in September 1981 reunited the 20th Century s most successful 
Lucille Ball is brilliant!. This movie is a must for any fan of Lucille Ball s work. Especially those who have only seen her masterful comedic talents. Stone Pillow was 
STARTING OVER - BURT S BEST?. This well crafted comedy features stellar performances by its 3 top-billed stars, Clayburgh, Bergen and Reynolds; the true surprise here was the low key 
One of the All Time Greats. Creative, facinating, historical, a valentine to the theatre - this is one of great films of film history. It is so full of memorable 
Hard to resist due to good performances... I m not a big fan of Tom or Demi, and Jack even wears out his welcome in some films, but not here. 
wonderful movie with interesting commentary. Thank you for the wonderful movie and interesting commentary. The German Code 2 DVD issue has no bonus feature.I hope, the Serie Peyton Place and 
Modern Stone Age Family. What an entertaining family of films not to be confused with family films . And with the release of Jurassic Park IV on the horizon 2008 
Comprehensive!, Comprehensive!, too much maybe?. For pure Airshow Junkies, there is too much filler, way too much. However there is a lot of Airshow too. Starting with the air show 
A movie I will enjoy watching with my daughter time & again!. This is a great movie for children and adults alike. Eloise has a little something to offer for 
Best show on tv. I own all 3 season. . I have favorite episodes from every season, but season 3 is my favorite season. The only thing I hate is 
For me this movie delievers. We have all wondered what would happen if the Alien and Predator met...head-to-head. This movie answers that question very well. No cheesiness. We have watched 
Everybody Has Their Dream. Million Dollar BabyThe liner notes to Clint Eastwood s 2005 Million Dollar Baby say this is his 25th film as a Director. He gets better with 
It Happened One Night. Excellent movie for those who enjoy the classics. It s nice to go back and enjoy a good movie the way they use to make them.. 
Marvin and Bronson at their best. This film is a masterpiece for action and adventure.Great scenery and an ending where all the good guys win,BRILLIANT  
I like the fact that the film doesn t hold back too much.. I mean, it might a bit, but this feels real. I m an Americorps youth worker in 
Better than live lessons!. I m a fair dancer, my partner is new. These tapes are basic . They are simple to follow, yet advanced enough to look good. They 
Chris and Brent are stupid. I say this rocks! Lucille Ball is the best acrtess in the world and any thing she is in is da bomb! But you should 
This film really stuck with me. I saw this movie once when i was in elementary school. I am now 26 years old and this movie has always been in 
Explore the fascination with the dark side of the hero!. Clint portrays the dark side of a homicide cop who is investigating a series of murders in New Orleans. While 
Fritz the Cat. I got this for my 22 yr. old son, but ended up keeping it for my video library. It was great fun, and one that I will 
EXCELLENT. A great movie. I was pleased with Will Smith s early acting days. This movie was well writtend and well casted.A must see~A movie to add to your collection 
Remembering. Twenty years later, after PLATOON was released in 1986 and brought some of the horrors of the Vietnam experience to the public s media-jaundiced eye, at last the film 
Better Than ANY Tarantino Film, Period. That is coming from someone who love anything this director makes, presents, or endorses. I think this is a very complex and satisfying film. 
11 10. How to be a part of real Rock History without being a musician, singer, producer or someone in the music business? Answer: Make a movie as this one. 
grindhouse classic. i only recently got into grindhouse films. it s a good place to start - nudity, torture, sadism, nudity, blood, ridiculous dialog, torture, nudity, blood. here s the 
Innocents Abroad. Getting its title from a Shakespeare quotation-- if music be the food of love, play on -- and based on the novel THE PAGE TURNER by David Leavitt, 
One of the years best but it s not all about Meryl my friends ... My wife and I, huge fans of `America s Next Top Model and `Project Runway 
Dont listen to most of these people see it for your self. Why people panned this movie on here I have no idea its a great action movie fast paced 
What is beyond good or bad?. Martin Scorsese s Kundun is above all else a work whose purpose is spiritual catalyism. Why anyone could concieve this film as boring, shows 
Fantastic movie!!!. This was the first Bollywood movie I had ever seen and I actually saw it for the scholars program at my university. Anyways, although it was long and 
We learn it s funny when someone falls down or gets seriously hurt. This is a very funny movie from John Hughes Breakfast Club, Maid in Manhattan . It s 
The Beauty Of Violence. This is a relatively unheard of Bronson movie, which should take its place on the mantel of other great Bronson works such as Mr. Majestyk, The 
our common humanity. I am from the Philippines. Four years ago I taught English to six classes of high school sophomores and seniors in Laguna, a province three hours away 
The Avengers 62 DVD Set. I have been waiting on this release,of Honor Blackman s first season as Cathy Gale or Doctor Catherine Gale,to gave her proper title in The 
Please respond to the question below. I don t have a review, I have a question. As a grandparent of a 10 year old blind girl. Is it possible that 
Great Movie, Misleading DVD. I know it s probably all been said, but yes, I was extremely disappointed to not see the original ending included in the movie. So I 
Wow, time flys!. This is a great documentary and a cool time capsule. My band had the good fortune of being in the right place at the right time and 
Very real drug life. I just watched this movie and was very moved by the story. The story is very close to real life of the drug cartel as well 
MGM Stars In Their Glory. TILL THE CLOUDS ROLL BY has never been considered one of MGM s greatest musicals. The film is a somewhat syrupy biographical account of the 
Family Dissolution, Lust for Power, Madness ... The story line is superb ... the scenery is stunning and gorgeous, vast mountains and green valleys, walled castles and fortresses. Hidetora, the 
Stands up to the best, be it Miyazaki, Moore or Miller. Broken Saints stands up to the best in animation and comics, be it Miyazaki, Alan Moore or Frank Miller. 
Great for the Whole family!. The very first time I saw this movie was while I was on a baby sitting job. The kids kept insisting we watch goofy movie! 
harry potter and the goblet of fire. this is a great movie and I got it sent to me in a reasonable time and it was a wonderful service thank 
Christopher Walken Is The Greatest Actor Ever. Christopher Walken and I are the same age and come from the same neighborhood in Astoria, Queens, NYC. His father owned Walken s 
Dragon Ball Z Movie 9 is great. This movie was great. It doesn t have too much combat, but the scenes that there are are hardcore. In this one, Goku 
NIcely done, but quite condensed. This continuation of the Anne series on screen is very well done, and captures the flavor of the characters and story as well as the 
The Kids Just LOVE It!. Our Sons just love this movie. All their friend love to come over and watch it. Even the girl cousins think that its great. Our 
megadeth behind the scenes. excellent video. recommend for everyone. if your not a megadeth fan before watching you will be. dave mustaine is a go  
A fond farewell to the greatest television show in history!. When season 7 premiered on Sunday nights, I knew in my heart of hearts that this was the first nail 
Hispanics as indispensable. The resistance with which this film is greeted with doesn t surprise me. It isn t the norm in present day America that the Hispanics among us 
A Funny Thing Happened. A funny thing happened on the way to exploiting Angelina Jolie in this sort of clunky but sorta fun movie. The camera took a look at 
Dilbert Is The Greatest Show To Watch Over and Over. The review saying that Dilbert is something I would not like to watch over again, that is the stupidest review 
A Personal Favorite!. 4D Man is to me one cool flick. Just the scene where he is experimenting and gets part of his hand stuck in metal had mefreakin squirming! 
A VERY BLACK COMEDY.... George Segal is wonderful as Gordon the attorney stuck with his aging addled Mama. Ron Liebman is appropriately befuddled as the nerdish brother Sidney and Trish 
Pretty woman Stoic man. The Pygmalion Cinderella stories combined, with no pretensions of being more than it is: a Hollywood fairy tale. It s even set in Hollywood. Richard Gere 
Life is unexpected. I first saw this film in 1994 on Sky movies. It s a lovely film, which tells of Chevy Chase as a private investigator who gets killed 
New York, New York. The anthology of three short films that take place in New York City was made by three great American directors, Martin Scorsese, Woody Allen, and Francis 
The Glass Bottom Boat - Doris Day. excellant movie, funny, entertaining - good family movie - just can t beat a Doris Day movie - she is one of a 
A Must Have For Any Serious Batman Cartoon Collector. This installment of the Batman Animated Series is a wonderful collection of some of the greatly animated and superbly written adventures 
We Need Our Monsters, Whether We Like it or Not. I can t remember how this film ended up in my hands maybe a friend recommended it , but I 
The Gay American Pie. I thought this movie was so out there... parts of this movie were so great because I laughed so much and loud that I could not 
EXTRAORDINARY WW2 COLLECTIION FROM DISNEY. This collection represents the best animated shorts from WW2, and presents them in Disney s unique and original way...as always, Disney does it like no 
Wag the Dog. Dustin Hoffman presents a master role in the game of creating scenarios so realistic that the entire world becomes his work area. So thorough is his work 
Final Capstone of Cold War Films. The Whistle Blower is one of the capstones of the Cold War genre.Michael Caine is in top form - this is one of his 
An example of excellent book adaptation. The picture of this DVD may not be the perfect one which is a pity but it is definitely worth watching. This is one 
A reward for your high school history class ,. at the end of the term. It is corny & old fashioned & the brighter students will laugh & roll their 
HILARIOUS AND HORRIFIC. From the great mind of Brian De Palma comes the very entertaining and bizarre film Phantom Of The Paradise .This 1974 cult classic from Brian De Palma 
Imagine... Imagine turning on the TV news CBS, ABC, NBC, CNN, FOX, MSNBC and hearing politicians actually speaking their minds and being absolutely brutally honest instead of saying what they 
Irradiated. When I first saw this movie about 20 years ago I didn t know what to make of it. I was about thirty then. I still don t know, 
The Fat Man is Back Again. With this second volume, Kino International continues their salute to the sadly forgotten and largely misunderstood silent comedian Roscoe &quot;Fatty&quot; Arbuckle. This set of 
The Best of the Pink Panther part 2. For the fan of the Pink Panther who doesn t want to wast his money on the low budget cartoons of the 
Good movie for its type. No oscars here, but you will be entertained. The actions scenes are great and the plot is very interesting pretty faithful adaptation from the book 
Ninja Turtles blowout. Though billed as a season 4 set, these 2-discs only contain 14 of the 26 episodes produced for season 4. If you check various dvd listings, you 
Great DVD - very inspiring. Sent this as a gift for my family and they loved it. VEry inspiring  
The War of the Roses. I enjoyed The War of the Roses, so much so I loaned my DVD to someone and was waiting for it to be returned so 
A breathtaking epic. Remaking a classic can be a thankless undertaking, but Peter Jackson has crafted a film that stands shoulder to shoulder with the original. Although he rarely mentions 
GREAT CRIME DRAMA. ACTING IS GREAT, STORY IS SOLID. SMALL REALISTIC POCKETS OF ACTION.DENNIS LEARY NAILS HIS ROLE AS WELL AS THE REST OF THE SUPPORTING CAST.MUST SE  
Tim. I completely love this movie. I had seen it on television and I knew that I was going to have to get a copy. It s an amazing feel 
My Other Favorite Gilliam Film. This film, like most other Gilliam films, moves easily back and forth over time between an absurd and occasionally violent and disturbing reality and a 
Weird, fascinating, unpredictable. This movie was really weird and different. I saw it last night & I can t stop thinking about it! It tells the story of a 35 
Winning one heart . . . meant seducing another. This movie is worth a look only if you like crazy love triangles set in old aristocratic Europe or Helena Bonham 
Sigourney rocks in Snow White. Snow White as it was meant to be. Signourney and Sam are at their best in this dark and scary rendition of Snow White. Not 
I love it anyway!!!. I am so embarrassed. I haven t actually watched this DVD set yet and I bought it awhile ago, but I love watching Diagnosis Murder and 
Hilarious comedy which skirted the censors. Preston Sturges was never more outrageous or funny than with this film. How he ever managed to get this one through the censors is 
Scourge of Worlds Review. Concept:Although touted as an Interactive Video, a better name for it would be, An Endless Quest DVD. Storyline:You play a Human Fighter, who, along with his 
madonna for president. Love this dvd. I loved the live performance at the MTV awards.She has my vote  
Skip this Edition for the One Including Specials Plus Eggs . [No spoilers; Egg info below]If you re considering purchasing The Office on DVD, this is not the edition to 
Yes...One Plane Ticket To The U.K. Please..... well....i just recieved this disk and i had very high hopes...let me say, most were met....but there are a couple things i got 
If went to summer camp you ll love this. What I mean to say is that if you ve done the camp thing before and are of a propper age, 
Relevant and Thought-Provoking. Although this is an inaccurate adaptation of the original, it seems best to interpret this film on its own merit. Those who have read the novel will 
a personal favorite of mine. This movie rules! Not to mention the killer itself thinks of more creative ways to kill people than most slasher movies but the ending will 
FYI. According to CBS research through Nielsen Media Research , released in the summer of 2000, the most watched summer primetime series in modern tv history:1 - Survivor CBS averaging 
Excellent Workout. The steps are easy to follow and you really get an excellent workout everytime. You can workup a good sweat in 50 minutes. Initially I started out slowly 
Lubitsch s unique place in Geman silent cinema. Thanks to KINO VIDEO s set of four new releases in the Lubitsch in Berlin series we can now get a better 
As Charming as A Classic Can get!. Breakfast at Tiffany s... If you haven t seen it, then you must have heard of it in some way. You have heard 
I Love the Doctor. I grew up watching the doctor on PBS back in the Tom Baker era, so I was overjoyed to hear that the BBC was restarting the 
My Choice For An HD DVD Demo Disc. Simply stunning flick on HD DVD. Considering early reviews that downplayed the difference between standard DVD and HD, I wasn t expecting 
Great Horror Sci Fi Flick!. I refuse to watch the remake. How does the saying go? If it ain t broke, don t fix it? Well, this 70 s gem 
they changed the theme music in this one!. I love Little Bear for my 3 year old. It DOES calm down little boys. But I was disappointed that they changed 
Like to scare?. Then don t buy it! Actually this movie is not too scary, but has really disgusting scenes. And I love those :  
Thundercats baby!!. I was waiting a long time for the Thundercats series to be released and finally they have.Don t get me wrong but personally i d like to see 
Jackass-Number Two. Hope your not trying to eat and watch this at the same time!This is a great movie to pop in during a party. These guys are so messed 
Not Complete but Good. The live version of Searching really shows the true beauty of Michael Hutchence. Some of their videos were commercially overproduced. If they had just paired it 
Magnificent. I ve watched many Japanese movies and have never felt them until I watched Ran . Powerful, Dark , you can almost guess what s going to happen but 
The BEST of its genre... I love 24. I came across S1 on WGN while channel-surfing, and quickly became hooked. Since I couldn t bear to wait an entire week 
Pretty Stinking Awesome. I mean, come on...It has amazing fight scenes, a decent plot, and some of the comedy isn t painfully stupid. It s 2 hours and 15 minutes 
 VCI Entertainment presents ~ Pete The Pistol Maravich Story on DVD . VCI Entertainment presents The Pistol:The Birth of a Legend 1991 Dolby digitally remastered , the true story 
Love It! Love It!. This is the perfect video for me! I read Chris s book when it came out and did her move to lose videos and lost 30 
Bewitched-speed it up fellas on releasing these seasons. I was so glad that BEWITCHED is being released on DVD, yes I am buying them and season 4 is being purchased 
loved the movie, loved the service. vewry pleased with bot purchase and the manner in which it was handle  
Nobody puts baby in the corner to carry a watermelon. I have one hand on the bible, one hand in the air, and I confess that I indeed used to 
Collaboration in France from an understanding point of view. Very interesting film, and technically perfect. It captures the attention from start to finish, although it becomes a little agravating in 
Great Acting with a Wonderful Sense of &quot;Place&quot;. I was fortunate to have seen this film when it came out, and I will not repeat the very good reviews it 
Love this Movie. This is an excellent film with Freddie and Julia. They made a great combo! I have been searching for the dvd for a while. Now, I finally 
CALHERN-JAFFE SHINE IN HUSTON DIRECTED NOIR!. Sterling Hayden as Dix Handley,a small time hood, is the nominal star of this classic jewel heist-noir, but it is actually the performces of 
Romantic Movies. This dvd is an excellent 50 s romance movie. They don t make romance movies like this anymore. Cary Grant is great in it. I would recommend adding 
Keep the faith Baby. This is a great piece of history I love this movie  
DVD: A Killing in a Small Town The True Stories Collection . The movie grabbed my attention within first ten minutes and continued to be interesting throughout. I would highly 
One of My Favorite Things. This movie is a wonderful and entertaining adaptation of the children s book by E B. White, which was published all the way back in 
Great acting by Daniels and Eisenberg. The Squid and the Whale isn t your basic Hollywood tale with a nice, clean resolution. You don t get an appreciation in the 
One funny trip down the road of love.... Very cute and funny movie. This potion supposedly turns anyone who takes it into someone who is very desireable and wanted by 
I liked this period paranormal thriller. I never heard about this movie until I read another reviewer about another movie Jessica - A Ghost Story, which by the way is 
Wonderfully surprising. Ally Walker puts on one heck of a performance I am very glad to have purchased this film bravo to the writer s it is interesting, funny and 
A Dwarf Walks Into a Bar... Taken out of context, the premise for THE STATION AGENT could be the set-up for a great joke: a dwarf who used to be 
The marriage between a dove, and elephant and genius. This movie is one of the best i ve ever seen. besides the fact that its on one of my favorite 
its got Sam Ritter who is a um... ...gay porn star. That s right, the actor who played evil ed, steve geoffreys has this pseudoynm Sam Ritter who did gay 
A moving tribute. On 9 11, captured on camera was one of America s defining moments. Purely by chance were these moving images caught. We can never fully appreciate the 
Don t let the polemicists fool you. Paradise Now is not a film about politics. Director Hany Abu-Assad creates suspense enough to make you feel like you re watching a 
Great movie poor dvd verison. I love this movie, but i was deeply dispointed about how I recoved two defective dvds with the same problem. This was not amazon fault, 
Great.. I recently checked this movie out from the library and was amazed by it.. the story line is strange, but delightiful.. packed full of perversion..the characters in this movie 
Great DVD -- Great Price. This was delivered quickly - in excellent condition -- thank  
JET LI- MY FAVOURITE MOVIE YET!. Of all the movies I have seen Jet Li in this one is my favourite.Dont get me wrong I have enjoyed Jets movies a 
too bad no one pulled such a sting on Saddam Hussein before he gassed hundreds of thousands of Iraqi Kurds to death. I saw this film again after many years 
Sobering to a remarkable degree... Born in Brooklyn, Eric Erickson William Holden is a naturalized Swedish businessman neutral enough to deal with both the Germans and Allies, until he discovers 
second best of films to die for. I saw all the Films to die for over three days. This was the second best. Abandoned was the best. Most of the 
An Entertaining Film - One of Harrison Ford s Best. My wife and I loved this movie. It is much more than an action picture. The characters are rich and 
channel surfing on ZooTV. This is the video document of U2 s legendary ZooTV Tour that began in 91 in support of Achtung Baby and ended two years later after 
Princess Mononoke. I have seen Princess Mononoke on T.V., and it rocks! It s just awesome like all the other movies that japanese guy makes  
An Amazing Cheer Movie. There have been plenty of cheerleading movies put out throughout days, but none have quite stood out like Bring It On. Bring It On is a 
I m a 15 year old boy. This made me cry. Not a lot of things do that. How could this DVD possibly not get a 5 star rating? Eric 
The Long, Hot Summer. great movie, I loved it, shipped promptly and in great conditio  
Far Out, Man!!!. Not the masterwork that the boys initial effort, Up In Smoke , was but it ll do. Basically this film is a series of loosely tied together 
Sentimental, just like me. This is the second time I have seen this film and I enjoyed it just as much this time as the last. It is sad and 
This is the one to have!!. If you, like me, feel somewhat cheated in having missed the Abba era, then this is the video you will want to watch. I 
Excellent for beginners - and yet becomes good for experienced dancers. Unlike many tango lessons, this one is extremely clear in how an amateur can easily start from a zero 
Mismarketed?. Taking a look at the DVD case for this, you read a whole different text than what this movie actually is. The DVD case presents a movie that is 
Buyers its WIDESCREEN. It says 16x9 format on the dvd packaging and the film is in its theatrical letterboxed widescreen format. Widescreen lovers enjoy  
best horror movie i ve seen in a LONG time. Freddy Krueger Robert Englund is been dead for years in the Real World and the Dream World. Since Freddy is 
Awesome. For the longest time we have had this classic on VHS. At last we have upgraded. The quality is phenomenal and let s face.... Who does not love Indy????? 
Can t wait for the next release!. I grew up watching this and just love watching the show now as an adult! I really love that these came out on 
Poignant and fascinating. This is a wonderful documentary which spans quite a long time although the film itself is fairly short. It gives important information while focusing on the AMAZING 
existential quests make for strange movies. I picked this up really just for Alexis Dziena s brief nude sequence, which is lovely and disturbing, but I also found the film 
Criterion Follows Their Amazing Seven Samurai Release With These Two Kurosawa Essentials. MOVIES:Introduction:When you talk about an Akira Kurosawa film there is very little to say because his films speak 
Mystical Muppet Magic. The special effects aren t spectacular,but the story is engrossing.It is a mystical quest.It s not as complex as Lord of the Rings ,but it does have 
A beautiful story. A beautiful story. I really loved this film. In my humble opinion far better than American Me. Violent, but not gratuitously so - unlike most films today. 
 If he s still in there, he ain t happy . I hadn t seen this movie in a long time and I just watched it a few days 
Viz Video got it right this time. I got the 3 disc set the other day and it is great to see that 32 some episodes are on disc in 
who was that lady. NEVER LAUGHED SO HARD. BEST COMEDY IVE SEEN IN A LONG TIME. FOR AN OLD MOVIE IT REALLY SHOULD BE MADE AGAIN. DEAN MARTIN AND TONY 
Very Innovative and Immensely Appealing. This is very innovative science fiction. It is just so intriguing not only in its central theme but as a very interesting story filled with 
DINOSAUR LONGEVITY AND SCIENTIFIC FACT. The first jurassic park was the best, but I still like some things about jurassic park iii better. The effects in 3 were improved, and 
Must watch for all Americans. Anyone who owns stock in any company should watch this documentary. It will show you what monster you re feeding. Furthermore, it is wonderfully produced 
BENT - A DVD I LOVED MORE THAN WORDS CAN SAY! WORTH BUYING BIG TIME!. I loved Bent the DVD version because it was awesome. Bent s moves slowly at 
Under-rated... Intriguing movie with as many layers as an onion. There is also a surprising, rare commentary by star Val Kilmer one of the most under rated actors of the 
Eye Candy Galore. This movie has eye-candy overload! If you like erotic movies with hot boys and a crazy twisted storyline, this is one to get! This movie easily gives 
This is a wonderful movie. This has to be one of my all time favorites, along with An Affair to Remember and The Notebook. Richard Gere is fantastic in this 
Shining From Within. We have become a world that is almost obsessed with appearances. We have been lead to believe that if we look or dress a certain way then 
 ;D .... :D ... :D . I don t know about anybody else but when i was small i can remember watching allo allo with my sister and man 
Behind enemy lines. The year is 1969 and the Cold War is raging. A British spy who was investigating missiles on the East German border has just been killed. The 
...in all the wrong places... Days of Being Wild, Wong Kar-Wai s 1991 film, followed his 1988 As Tears Go By and solidified his style. In turn he made these 
One of the best TV shows ever. Back when this show originally aired, I didn t watch it until I saw the extremely effective commericals for it. Theory #12 The 
Bend it Like Beckham Scores lots of Goals with me BRILLIANT!. Bend it like Beckham is an uplifting film that will inspire and uplift you. This is a smart, funny 
Best American Animated Film Ever. If you don t own this dvd you need to add it to your collection. In my opinion it is the best american animated film 
good movie. not saying Vinn Deisel knows how to be anything else, but I do think he plays this role well. I genuinely enjoyed this movie  
&quot;Goat is great&quot;. Great story about a boy who just loved basketball so much and tried to find his dream to be the best that he could be. A well 
Surprisingly good film!!!. I just went to the theater and saw Messengers and it was surprisingly very good! I was with a friend who wanted to see this movie, as 
another most EXCELLENT season of The Simpsons. This is really a very funny season. We find out who really shot Mr. Burns, There is a really good treehouse episode, there 
great. This is a gift for my nephew. He loves it, and plays it often  
John Carpenter s Christine. It is the Fall of 1978 in Rockbridge , California. Keith Gordon who is now a well respected Director in his own right gives a memorable 
A Compleat Artistic Triumph. Tous les matins du monde is more an experience than a movie. The brainchild of director Alain Corneau, writer Pascal Quignard, and musician Jordi Savall this 
Excelente concierto. Esta reunin de tres grandes y consagrados msicos es un acontecimiento digno de verse ms de una vez. Cada uno en su instrumento y con su propio estilo 
Classic. If you enjoy classic mysteries, this box set is a must have for any Agatha Christie fan  
Great film, awesome DVD!. I ve loved this film since it was first released but recently purchased the DVD for my 3 1 2 year old who is now obsessed 
Irish Heart. I bought this DVD and immediately got on-line to find The Celtic Women touring information. We were so fortunate to find them within 70 miles of our home 
Entertaining Lancaster Western. In 1968, it was appropriate that a western dealt with race relations, and The Scalphunters does so with action and humor.Burt Lancaster plays Joe Bass, a trapper 
Just scary enough. If you like scary stories but are uncomfortable with evil themes...This is a supernatural suspense show that you don t have to pre screen for your Tween-Agers 
Simply astounding. The first time I saw this video, I had only vaguely heard of the Talking Heads. I had heard the song Psycho Killer and I knew that David 
The New Olympus?. I don t know anime, but I know what I like. As for CGI anime, which Appleseed is, I wouldn t have a clue. Amazon recommended this 
Great!. I love watching this DVD while on the treadmill. It is very entertaining and the music is fun to walk to.Since MTV never shows videos anymore, watching this DVD 
Ol Blue Eyes sweeps Doris Day off her feet. Not as bad as it could be. Doris Day is a squeaky clean Connecticut girl who falls in love with a 
Excellent doll slasher movie. I give a lot of credit to the people who made this film. They could have treated the topic of a killer doll like the ugly 
Nice to see these shows again!. I remember watching these shows when I was younger. I m 53 now. Haven t seen them in so long it s like they 
Your abs are going to be sore. The first thing that I liked most about the dvd was the instructor. She was positive but not too annoying, as many instructors 
Almost a Murder She Wrote episode. Kate Beckinsdale s character, with all of her youthful God given beauty, has all the wisdom of Jessica Fletcher, when it comes to solving 
I can think of PLENTY of ways to describe this series... Let s start with BRILLIANT, move onto GORGEOUS, a little SHORT AND SWEET, ACTION PACKED... I think talking this 
see it for what it is. ive read a few of these reviews and have to say , cmon guys , its only entertainment for goodness sake, stop over analysing 
Most Quotable Movie of the Last 30 Years!. Caddyshack is an absolute classic -- up there with other personal favorites from the same era like Stripes , The Jerk , 
YOU CAN T GO WRONG!!!!. Before I saw this movie, I had my doubts right off. I was wondering why the reviews for this movie were so bad. I thought, 
Britishers cope with Nazi Occupation.... Excellent and thought-provoking dramatic series that looks at WWII from an unusual perspective--away from the battlefield and inside the lives and homes of British inhabitants 
Very Pleasant. The DVD is a more expensive than it should be, but it is very thorough. I like doing the 18-minute standing sequence with Dr. Yang. It is very 
Highly original. This film has its place as a Ground Breaking idea. It s comedy is will placed, subtle and genuinely funny.Some films, such as Star Trek, are trying to 
Older Movie, But was the first glimpse of a view point. Similarly to some of the 9 11 attackers story this husband was depicted as uncomfortable cuturally in America. He 
 By Believing, One Sees... . The Voyage of the Unicorn is the story of the Aisling family - Professor Alan Aisling and his two daughters - the skeptical, bad-tempered 
a should-be-better western fell flat by a deteriorated screenplay. it was when the mass hanging scene was stupidly inserted two , not just one, long church hymns, with a cardboard-like 
Great fun!. I loved this show as a kid and I love it now. I m so glad we have films like this around. Shows you can watch with your 
I really loved it. This was the first time that I ve seen a Korean tv series. I must say that It was an enjoyable experience. Even though I didn 
My Favorite Indian Film. Be Warned: Have Kleenex! The world s most beautiful and stunning woman, Aishwarya Rai who is also an excellent actress combined with the one and only 
haha nice. All 3 movies are sick and twisted. Definatly awesome. The second one though is my favorite. So if you are in to disgusting meaningless murder, these movies are 
Very Dramatic, Great Performances, & Memorable. This is one of those very dramatic dramas that seem to stay with you after you watch it. Three sisters have very conflicted feelings 
Mother s Boys.....perfect title. I am a fan of Peter Gallagher which why I purchased this movie. I liked the movie and was very surprised how well this was done. 
If You Want Insight Into How Karajan Did It ... ... this DVD might be for you. I don t know if there are other Karajan rehearsal DVDs out there, 
The car chase alone is a work of art!. The spare black and white titles unfold, the grim Don Ellis soundtrack music starts, and we re thurst into the real 
Creative, surreal n crazy. I enjoyed the film, it was uncanny, bizarre, and colorful. wow. It was a nice family movie  
M- The Murderer Among Us. Filmed in 1931 this is the first serial killer movie...M is the story of a serial killer who terrorizes a German town. As you follow 
The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Triolgy. This is a perfect set to own it you love the turtles. The movies are all great and the fact that you get all 
FUNNY!. Scary Movie 2 is great! There are a lot of funny moments in this film that I didn t see when I watched this film the first time. I 
A perfect partnership. Oscar Walter Mattheau is sports journalist and slob who lives contentedly in his messy apartment until he invites his friend Felix Jack Lemmon to stay with him. 
Unique and beautiful tale. Two lovers are seperated because of war, she is told he has died and she spends the whole movie trying to disprove this. The love story 
VIDA GUERRA, I LOVE YOU MADLY... ... although I honestly haven t seen this flick yet, cover girl Vida Guerra gets 10 stars because she is quite simply the hottest 
Anthony Hopkins gives a great potrayal of Paul. I think that Anthony Hopkins gives a terrific portrayal of Paul not that I ve ever met Paul....: He brings a lot 
4 Stars for the FILM, 1 Star for the DVD. Of course the movie deserves 4 stars, however I wish I could say the same for the DVD. What does 
Kids loved it !!!. My kids 5yr & 9yr really enjoyed this video. I have actually done it with them a few times, and I have enjoyed it too!Instructor is 
 Why don t we go see the gay firefighters? . The protagonists are a lovable but geeky batch of characters. The antagonists are a group of generally unlikable bully 
The golden age of the Russian silent cinema. I am not the greatest expert on Russian silent cinema, but still have a Masters degree from USC Cinema in History-Criticism. The 
Next time, take a train. The Langoliers is an okay mystery. It is not a horror movie, it s more of a mystery than horror. With that being said, the 
11 10. How to be a part of real Rock History without being a musician, singer, producer or someone in the music business? Answer: Make a movie as this one. 
Good but not great. I won t rehash the plot, other than to say it is about as plausible as any other film noir, and more understandable on a first 
It s about time. I thought this was a great season. I got a little tired of the rift between Emily Richard and Lorelai relationship. BUT I loved the new 
Recommended for mature audiences only... What can one say? It s like the original film of The Producers: perfect yet better with each viewing. The complexity & depth of the 
I love it!. I always thought of yoga as a waste of time. I like running and biking, you know, moving and jumping around. So I thought that yoga would 
Don t Let Its Reputation Precede It. Controversy has a habit of driving the right audience away from a film while attracting the wrong one. Such is the case with 
Light, sparkling, set in Italy, but feels a bit staged. There is no way around it, no matter how it is staged Shakespeare will inevitably feel like a stage play. 
Extremely Well Done. A VERY High 5-Stars from Me!. I watched the first half of this in my science class and I loved it. Considering it was only 7.50, my 
In their own direction, at their own speed. Each of the three stories of very different young women told in this film takes enough time to develop a character and 
Great companion DVD to the Rankin-Bass collection. We bought this DVD and the Rankin-Bass collection and they get played continually the last two Christmases.Nice DVD, nothing fancy in the packaging. 
The Eye 2... I caught this movie on cable 02 03 2006. I am not squeamish, but this movie definitely had scenes that made me that way! The story in 
Simply awesome. Season 3 of Arrested Development is an excellent end to an underappreciated series. While having fewer episodes in this season than the previous two, it is made up 
Important historical drama, hampered by stilted production. This re-telling of the so-called zoot suit riots that rocked the Los Angeles homefront during World War II gets the facts right, but 
Great Way To Remember The 2003 Season. Unlike the 2001 season DVD, this one has a lot more footage but I wish they had even more behind the scenes footage 
Great kids movie with a great message. My kids cant see this movie enough! I would recomend it to anyone...even has a good message for adults  
 A must have video for every yogi! . I loved this video! I believe that the instructor found the perfect balance between instructional, interesting and challenging sequences. I was 
DAVE HAS THE CAPABILITY 2 SUPRISE & KEEP LOOKERS IN SUSPENSE! 4 THOSE WHO OWN DEPTH ONLY !!!!. ................MY MAN DID HIS THING ONCE AGAIN...................................BIG-UPS 2 DAVE,SOUL MUSIC...................& ALL MUSICIANS 
Very, very funny. Mel Brooks does it again in this great farce. It is mainly a parody of Robin Hood - Prince of Theives, and there was a lot to 
 THIS REVIEW IS ONLY FOR THE DVD . GREAT GREAT GREAT EXTRAS!!This DVD has ALL the extras you can be looking for in ANY edition of the Birds on 
Better Than I Thought. A film with subtitles is usually not worth the effort, but this is an exception. Although you really keep busy reading throughout the movie, you do 
This is not my beautiful house . . . Think A CHRISTMAS CARROL with a modern-day twist to it and you ve got FAMILY MAN. A tale of a man 
It is all a lie. Although it might seem like an odd starting point, the first time I heard of Kurosawa s Rashomon was when I read Iris Chang s 
The Best Starter Video Ever!!!. Buy this DVD! You will not be disappointed! Tommy is extremelygenerous with the information contained in this video. He helpsyou set up your kit and 
A movie that has to grow on you. I m willing to bet for many people myself included that this isn t the kind of film anyone will walk away 
A great action movie. This movie is the perfect blend of all worlds. Drama, love, action, adventure. The direction, casting, and acting is flawless and beautiful. I highly recommend this 
Hilarious. This is one of the greatest movies ever. I can never get enough of this movie and the laughs it dishes out. This movie is a must see for 
Unsolved Mysteries UFOs. This set is for anyone, who like myself, would watch this show at night as a child and would find themselves unable to sleep that night.This set 
More Substance Than Sleaze, Better Than Expected. I was surprised at this picture to say the least, and in several respects. While seasoned fans of sleaze are disappointed for what 
Surprisingly good. Sfren wants to marry Mari, but Mari s father won t allow it until Sfren is gainfully employed. Sfren wins a competition to become a village parson, but 
Best modern days battle movie!!!. If our best WWII movie is Saving Private Ryan, Black Hawk Down is definitely the best modern days battle movie.Black Hawk Down is able to 
Great indie film with awesome performance by Amanda Peet!. This is a cool indie film that reminded me a lot of The Big Chill and Secaucus 7. I saw it 
His best flick. I ve never been a big Van Damme fan but I have to admit this movie is fun. It s another retelling of Kurasawa s classic Yojimbo 
Perfectly paced farce!. This was just a great time, a farce with perfect timing and pitch--crazy characters all around doing expected and sometimes unexpected things. Brought all the parties together 
Whitney. With Whitney singing in the movie, it s the worth the price of admission. Check out when she s in the jazz club. Whhewww  
Star Wars, Episode 1, Phantom Menace. Review by: Adam Platts. Star Wars Episode I, The Phantom Menace, easily qualifies as one of the best science fiction movies of recent years. 
Joyfully! The Holiday Beat Goes On!. Have yourself A Merry Little Christmas with the Sonny & Cher Christmas Collection DVD! How wonderful for us to have Sonny and Cher celebrating 
 Three Wishes . I bought this DVD for my Dad for his birthhday and he thoroughly enjoyed the movie. Saw it years ago but he wasn t disappointed in 
The Station Agent is a flat-out winner. Go rent it - no, scratch that - buy it now!. Right off, this endearing indie about a train-watching dwarf Peter Dinklage who 
Gov t of the Lobbyists, by the Lobbyists, and for the Lobbyists. The Big Buy may not have the slick gloss of other documentaries, but the content is invaluable in 
Entertaining Horror Anthology. This is one of a series of horror anthology movies released by Amicus Studios in the early 70 s. i.e. Tales From the Crypt , The House 
Tuesday Weld Rocks. Tuesday Weld really rocks. This is a very good movie. In fact, it is extremely well done all around. The acting was very effective and convincing. I 
U2 always care to give their very best!!!!. Well, finally we ve reached the end of the yellow brick road and have ourselves a great DVD release with this AWESOME 
Due South Second Season. This is a great DVD set. I had some trouble on a couple of Season One episodes with poor visual quality and breaking up of the 
Top film--but don t buy region 1. I have region 1 and region 4 editions of this excellent film on DVD widescreen Anniversary Editions . If your player is compatible, 
Yoga for Strength. Combining the ancient with the modern, instructor Rodney Yee aims to give a total body workout with this through and calming yoga program. This is a good 
Cracker is the Best!!!. Cracker is great but I need more!!!!!I have watched these seasons over and over!!Hopefully there are more seasons on their way cause who can live without 
Charles Laughton Steals the Show. Witness for the Prosecution is an outstanding film with a number of great performances. I ve seen some criticism of Tyrone Power but I can 
All Episodes are Uncut!. Excellent value for a truly hilarious show. You get all the episodes, and some great documentaries and information about the show.But most importantly, and contrary to 
very swarve and cool. This film ticks all boxes to be honest, action, comedy, emotion.Im not going to tell you what its about because it already tells you by amazon.This 
Very Good Ghetto Fantasy. My Brother saw the movie before I did and told me all of its flaws: unrealistic action sequences, implausible escapes and a predictable script. After hearing 
Wonderful knitting DVDs. I just purchased through Amazon the 3 DVD set American Knitter andLOVED it. I have wanted to learn how to knit for years but the instructional books 
Fantastic tribute to a legend. As a long time fan of both Thin Lizzy and Gary Moore, this was a real treat to look forward to. The show was played 
The American President 1995 . Director: Rob ReinerCast: Michael Douglas, Annette Bening, Martin Sheen, Michael J. Fox, Anna Deavere Smith, Samantha Mathis, Shawna Waldron, David Paymer, Richard Dreyfuss.Running Time: 114 
Are you kidding?. Andrew Radaar wrote; Things have changed a lot since 1982, that is if the movie Fast Times At Ridgemont High is any indication of what the times 
We are the History. It s a story,it s the past that we can t hold back.We must not be so dupe of what had happened.I watched it,I know it 
what the heck is going on in DUISBERG?. FINALLY....that question has been answered!! Herr Lipp is featured, along with his wife and choir pronounced queer boys. This is by far 
Great Beginnings. I enjoy this dvd for several reasons; real footage of firefighters, firetrucks and firehouses. Children try on fire uniforms, fun cartoons followed by your typical Elmo s World 
 There is always something left to love . In terms of cinematography and multidimensional characterization this film is flawless. Claudia McNeil does a superb job as Mama, the head 
Best Auto Racing film of the 20th century. So the title leaves room for contenders to come up with a best racing film of the 21st century . IMHO, SPEED 
Excellent Film. Hilarious movie!! Dustin Hoffman and Jason Schwartzman were incredibly funny. If you re a fan of existentialism it s a great movie, but if you re not it 
real, hilarious, and absolutely crazy... The story of Bob and his drugstore raids through various cities is a very real story. This movie, however- doesn t so much offer into 
Great, Great, Great, Great, Great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I Loved This Movie. It Made Me Cry And I Am A Grown Man. Michael Keaton Is Great In This Movie. You Need To Get 
I love A.I. What can I say, but it had most of my favorite wierdos. My family and I watched it and it enjoyed it  
A Classic Must for your Home Library!. The cinematography, the setting, the costumes and the story make this a timeless classic. If you love Ingrid Bergman, this is a must-have 
A great movie. This movie is funny as hell and full of action.I can watch this movie over and over again and it still never gets old.A must have in 
John Grisham s novel brought to live by a stellar cast and preformances. THis is one of my favorite movies. Besides containing a stellar cast Matthew McConaughey, Sandra Bullock, Sammuel 
Uma good, but Janeane is the star. This is the movie that made me crazy in love with Garofalo. Although it is a light romantic comedy that can be taken 
Love it. I own this movie and I can never get tired of it. I know all the lines.  
Roger G is the man!!!. Ok Iam going to be honest. I don t have the dvd and i ve never watched it, but what I can tell you is 
Excellent movie. I loved Star Wars ever since I saw the fist movie back in 1977. This past Christmas I bought the complete Star Wars set. Episode III leads perfectly 
Best Ever Salsa Movie!. When I think of this movie I think of Excitement! I have a great passion for dance, all types but when I first saw this movie 
Endless Disharmony. This set of two revealing perspectives on the Beach Boys has enough samples of their best music to be appealing to fans. It also uncovers glimpses of the 
Hated it the 1st Time, Loved it thereafter. If you are any kind of empathetic, nonsadist, then your first viewing of this movie will not be pleasant. I found it 
I won t tell not even if you kill me. This movie starts off with a mental patent that tells her psychiatrist that she won t tell him any thing 
Felt Like I was There!. Having been on the QM2, this was special to me although I wish I had been on this sailing. The ballroom is magical and the 
A good way to pass an afternoon. I really liked this movie. I found it suspenseful, and romantic. In fact this was my favorite of the two. Lilli & richard 
They Say There s a Reason for Everything. Alpha Dog closed last year s Sundance film festival and has been getting mixed reviews every since. The only thing that all 
You won t be disappointed! Great!. I highly recommend this DVD for beginner dancers who want to learn couple s dances. Shawn and his his wife break down the steps 
Love this movie!. I watch this movie over and over. The actors put in stellar performances. I think Glenn Close brought it all together when she said, I believe we 
STANDARD OR WIDESCREEN. When a company offers you a standard and a widescreen version,you generally have a first rate quality dvd which is the case here.What i like about this 
4 stars for the movie, 1 star for the DVD quality. Trancers is a great, low-budget sci-fi film from the 1980 s. It s been a fav of mine, and 
Fabulous Broadway Nostalgia. I was at the 71 Tony Awards, broadcast in March of 1971, and I thought the marvelous night would have to live on in my memory. And, 
An Important American Film... ...but buyers should be forwarned that the print from which this DVD is made was a poor one, and Alpha Video, the distributors of this classic 
Nice thriller. This film gets 4 stars because the child actors shine so much in it. The plot is not very intriguing, and you know that nothing like this can 
Labyrinth - fantasy and fun. The Labyrinth is a delightful movie of fantasy and fun for all ages to enjoy. This has always been one of my favorite films, and 
Still the best. What s not to like about a movie that never fails to entertain the grand children  
A Fun Movie!. Wedding Crashers starts off slow, I thought it was going to be a disaster of a movie, but I was wrong. By the end, the story became 
A New Generation of Kids Will Love This Film. To sum things up, this was really a George Lucus film-with the then relatively inexperienced Ron Howard hired to direct-under the 
Paxton does it again!. Bill has done it again---taken a seemingly boring topical script, and brings his own talent to the screen. You want to empathize with the character John 
A boundry breaker. This as the first Dogme95 Film I had ever seen. I knew nothing of the concept of what the Dogme95 films were all about. All I can 
The Fall of Colonel Hogan. It would be easy to look at the sleazy life and sad demise of Bob Crane as another sordid Hollywood tragedy, but Paul Shrader did 
Benny and Joon. It s a BIG 5 for me. It s one of Johhny Depp s most adorable movies ever. It s full of happy feelings and fun  
Pure Entertainment. The Seven Samurai was the basis for that wonderful western The Magnificient Seven, but is in every way a superior movie. The lighting, the camera angles and acting 
Angela Lansbury Shines as a Witch. This movie is one of those family charmers that has something for everyone. There is an exciting animated portion for the children. There is 
nothing else like it!. Stella is by far my most favorite show. If you like discrete humor you gotta watch at least one episode and you ll get hooked. Super 
Edges of the Lord. I just finished viewing this picture, ORDER IT TODAY! It s rated R , but we watched it with our children, to help them to understand 
Without a Trace Excellent. Without a Trace is better on the dvd than on tv the extra scenes and musi  
To Anyone interested in Parenthood in The WideScreen Format. I have it, Thanks to Turner Classic Movies, If you are interestedsend Email to macandazure@emailaccount.co  
A CLASSICAL CARTOON. When I was a child, here in Spain, Jonny Quest opened my mind to new frontiers. Strange civilizations, misterious weapons, mad doctors and a blond boy in 
Definatly not Clueless as to what to rate this move!. I loved this modern remake of Jane Austin s Emma. Clueless follows the life of protagonist Cher, who feels that 
Golden Age Adventure Classic. I first caught The Mark of Zorro both the Tyrone Power and Douglas Fairbanks versions on TV a few years ago during the hype for the 
An emotionally intense, groundbreaking triumph. I found London to be a fantastic film - gritty, intense, dramatic, and raw. It sort of grabs you by the throat and throttles you 
The arsenal of Megadeth!. If your dissapointed by this dvd then I guess your not a true Megadeth fan, but I understand if some fans were slightly upset because of 
Harrison Ford -ophile. This was a true story and a scary part of our history. The book comes to life in the movie... I pictured another person as the captain 
May he rest in peace. In these crazy times, and in light of today s fickle marketful of pretenders and johnny-come-latelys, Johnny Cash s passing leaves a void that will 
More than a joke. This movie is funny, especially for you history buffs. It takes a tongue-in-cheek look at CIA operations in Laos, and while not a laugh a minute, 
Good little suspense movie. This is a nice departure for robin williams again, and tells the tale of a radio show host who in the business of promoting books, he 
Home Alone ... Again!. This film has become one of our favorites I ordered the DVD copy to replace our original VHS version and joins the ranks of White Christmas, 
Sam Spade in the 70 s. Harry is a private detective, that dying breed of men romantically personified in the great film Noir s of the 1940 s. But the 
Addictive viewing. Brilliant presentation. We came to the West Wing late and from a country outside the USA. We have found it compelling viewing with some episodes that used all 
A wonder of a movie. I must say that I am generally not interested in watching a romance movie, but this movie is a definite exception. It Possessed a great 
We love this video!. My son loves it, I love it, and his dad loves it. Bear is awesome and it makes my son want to use the potty more. 
Tear Jerker. Great Acting on all parts. Marsha Mason, James Caan, Kirk Calloway and the great Eli Wallach. The interaction between Kirk Calloway and James Caan is untouchable  
What every parent wishes for their kids. It s great to see an English horror film at long last. A well made and enjoyable film with high production values. Good, 
Cetic Woman the Best of the Best. THIS IS A REAL EXALLENT SHOW TO WATCH AGAIN & AGAIN. I HAVE WATCHED IT AT LEST TWICE. THIS IS A REAL GOOD 
Very Happy with my order : . I received my DVD in a timely manner and was package so it would not get damage, i would differently order again from 
One of Freemans best. Paul Newman once said Give an actor a good script and he ll move the world . Well thats what Morgan Freeman did. His portrayl of 
A gorgeous film!. I have been lucky enough to encounter great films that I probably wouldn t have watched had it not been for Netflix. I watched and fell in 
Sense of Closer. I can watch this movie over and over again I feel that this movie helps you get some understanding with the afterlife that, you are not alone. 
love 80 s movies. i am a big fan of the 80 s movie even though most are a bit corny. And the same goes for this one at times 
TWILIGHT ZONE COLLECTOR. I LOVE THESE CLASSIC TWILIGHT ZONE SERIES. THEY ARE T.V. HISTORY AND THEY ARE NOW FOREVER IN MY COLLECTION. I WANT THEM ALL!!  
Enjoy the movie. Yes the other reviewers are correct. Its difficult to go into a lot of character development when you have 7 characters not counting the bad guys to 
Good DVD. This is a very good and well made DVD. I m happy to have it  
Ambitious and High-Concept Sci-Fi for Grown-Ups only . THE PLOT: In the 23rd century Kirk is presumed dead but is actually thrust into the Nexus, a mysterious dimension of perpetual 
Back to awesome. This collection of athletes gets back on track as one of the best in this series after the rather akward 2006 installment. Once again, Francois Rousseau is 
a favorite movie in a new format. this is one my all time favorite movies, but be aware that HD format wil not play on ordinary DVD players. I was 
Still great, in my opinion. I don t think there is a decrease in the quality of the Simpsons to this date. Yes, the show has changed a bit, to 
Suggestion. If you would like to see Pablo Francisco live with new material, he is touring and can be seen at local universities and comedy clubs. Mostly new material, but 
The very best of it s so bad, it s good . Yes, you can come home. When Patty Duke belts out her first song you just know this is 
Exceptional quality of apparent boot-leg. I purchased this from a used seller and have to say that I was very happy with the quality of the movie. Shaolin Master Killer 
Great Stephen King adaptations. Very well done series. Very good to the source material. These short films rock. They do the written works justice. Great performances by all, well written, 
very swarve and cool. This film ticks all boxes to be honest, action, comedy, emotion.Im not going to tell you what its about because it already tells you by amazon.This 
hammy. This is done by my friend.Over the Hedge is a very cute movie and one that the hole family can watch. It will have you laughing the hole time. 
GREAT MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. This movie is so COOL! About this Border Terrier named Hubble and 4 earth dogs named Shep a Bernese Mountain dog, Nelly, Willson a Boxer, and a poodle. 
Cheech & Chong go to Las Vegas. Cheech & Chong are back in this their fourth lead feature film. The DVD Features screen are the neon signs. So just click 
Enjoyable Collection of Highlights of a Classic Series. Well worth buying by or for the Bilko fan or for anyone that appreciates classic comedy of the old school . Good 
Mac Continues to Amaze. If your a Beatles or Mac fan no explanation neccessary. If you have Seen Mac in concert you know to order it straight away. Those on 
IT S LIKE A RIDE,DUDE!. Indeed the 3D effects in this film make you feel as if you are in a motion simulator at times and it s a very 
A Great Science Fiction Mind Blowing Ride. I love this film and eventhough it s 17 years old I still think it s great fun. I mean what s more 
GOOD FOR SOME LAUGHS. This is a pretty good effort for a Warner home video dvd release.You get two Laurel & Hardy feature films on one single sided disc with 
Wonderful - more like 4.5 stars. I recently purchased the box set after suffering through season 3 & 4 reruns & the abysmal commercials editing . It was worth every 
I purchased this dvd right off the shelf at Walmart for 9.99... because I had read the reviews about the poor-used quality some buyers had experienced. This dvd EXCEEDED my 
Broken land, twisted characters. Most of the reviews of this film appear to have been written by males, so I thought I would add a female point of view to 
Interesting Movie. I liked this movie. It was very touching. The way they cast the movie is the best aspect of it. The story has been told in so many 
Fun fun fun! Glad I bought it!. After reading a lot of reviews, I decided to give this DVD a chance. It was the first dance workout DVD that I 
Great Live Show. U2 fans will never forget the phenomenon that was known as Zoo TV. Zoo TV was a massively produced world tour that took rock band U2 all 
Long on laughs!. A lucy fan s delight. Awesome in that it s presented in full widescreen format. A great print of a classic  
An Answered Prayer. Irish director Neil Jordan has made a mature movie for adults about an affair between the wife of a British diplomat and an athiestic novelist. No less 
Lewis Black - Red, White and Screwed. Bought it as a Christmas present. It was great!! If you love Lewis Black you will love this DVD  
WB does it again! another great set of DVDS.... This review isn t of the great movies contained but the DVD set and their respective presentations.first..let me say the bonus 
Excellent Beginner. If you want a true introduction to ashtanga, here it is. Nicki s instruction is very clear and extremely easy to follow. She carries you through the sequence 
Don t Run From This One. The U.S. has become a totalitarian society. Justice is gone and law is served with an iron fist. Ben Richards Arnie tries to prevent 
Eat...Drink...Man...Woman... Folks, I have skipped this movie every time that I ran into it on cable, simply due to the fact that I missed the very beginning. I just don 
I love Bing Crosby. Holiday Inn is fun. The dancing is great and the light plot holds all the dancing and singing together. This contains the best version of White 
Do You Believe in Magic?. Supremely light in touch, with an unequalled delicacy and compassion for its characters. The effect is achieved not so much through the acting the actors 
James Bond get s the Operation Grand Slam Restoration. This has to be quite a exciting and shocking suprise to all the DVD review sources who anticipated just another re-packaging 
Argento in Minnesota!. Trauma is Argento s American giallo film. It s quite Americanized, but unmistakably Argento. The plot concerns Rydell who looks a little like Brenden Fraser at times 
A great deal of new information not on the news. Interesting to know what happened. The news did not really give justice to what was really happening with Enron during 
We The Jury . . . Henry Fonda leads an all star cast in this great classic!When good men do nothing, evil prevails!Watch the drama unfold and see.One young man 
A superb little series that deals with wonderfully large issues. I must confess that I only recently learned of this series when I TV critic whose opinion I respect put 
Review of Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle Unrated Extended Edition . If you like gross-out comedies, this one is for you. It celebrates the stoned peoples view of 
Lucky Sods. This is one movie that you do not want to dive into the detail as it is fun to be surprised as it unfolds. Basically it looks as 
an especially prescient film. This film has long been one of my Top Ten favorites for the quality of the acting and the screenplay, and for the importance of the 
Awesome and I don t care if it is Anti-American. As a Journalist in the U.S., I am pleasantly surprised at how close 2nd gig is following real world situations, 
SUBTITLES. It s bad that the season does not have subtitles, when is so important when you have deaf problems.Should not this subtitles be a part of the standard procedures 
WHat s the meaning of Life? You BReak mY heart but THen again U break Evryones hEaRT. I LOVe LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS MOVIE. TOTAL EIGHTIES. Everyone has that one 
Love The End Song Adore You by Lisa Barbuscia. I love this movie and especially the song at the end Adore You by Lisa Barbuscia, it is such a special 
One of my all-time favorites!. I watched this movie on a whim and found it to be one of the best I ve seen. The story is great, I love 
Best Of French Cinema. If you don t see any other gay French film, this is the one for you. No mater your bent on sexuality, this is a winner! 
Classic film making on a grand scale. A truly epic film. Hidalgo is based upon a true story, so it s no wonder it s thrilling, truth being stranger than 
State Of Mind, Kids. This is what I call a state of mind movie because it s not a movie that has to make sense to be enjoyed. It s 
A slightly dated cult classic. Harold and Maude is one of those movies that s hard to categorize. It s a black comedy, an offbeat romance, and a little morality 
Impeachment is always an option. This DVD reveals the marketing campaign of the Bush administration s goal to go to war with Iraq. They had no reason to until 9 
King of New York a decent buy . If you like ganster movies this will be a great buy. From the start of the movie to the end you will 
I Don t Know Why It Worked But It Worked. We started trying potty train my son when he turned two and things moved along slowly. After we got this 
Psychological Comedy -- GREAT MOVIE!. Any Gael fans?? If so, you must watch this movie!! His vulnerability in this movie makes you want to reach in the screen and take 
A good package deal. I waited 20 years to get hold of these.. now they re mine . Seriously, these are good, clean cuts, though the special features are a 
Guilty all. Beautifully photographed, well acted with a heavy dose of Peckinpah. What s not to like. You know Christmas is not going according to plan  
An excellent and intriguing film. Will keep you guessing and fascinated. The film covers a lot of territory emotionally and socially. It s not a Saturday night date film, it 
A well-done mockumentary with a superb cast. Hilarious farce about a Glasgow hairdresser who comes to Los Angeles to compete in an international hairdressing competition. Done in mockumentary style, there 
South Park DVD. Just Wanted to Say the Shipping was very fast and reliable! I will use the shipper for future purchases! Naturally The product was outstanding, come on were 
Good Instruction. This got my 5-yr old nephew up and dancing when another vid didn t. Decent instruction, I thought. Was worried that it might be too racy inappropriate for 
Funny, visually aesthetic, relevant, and insightful. Joe Versus The Volcano is a rare blend of comedy and insight that s romantic enough for girls, funny enough for guys, with effective 
My son likes it at 2 months. I can t believe he likes these already but he does. My son is two months old and he gets through about half 
Great movie, but ... This is a ridiculous price. I would have bought this long ago, but the price just stays at that ridiculous price. I haven t seen the 
how to grow up on a bicycle. I saw this movie about a year ago, so I m a little fuzzy on details. Anyway, it s about this young woman 
I Love This Movie. This is a very enjoyable and funny movie with a heartwarming ending. All Michael J. Fox fans be sure to get this! There are many good 
Please HBO....More Carnivale!!!!. Carnivale is something mystical...Carnivale is magical...Carnivale is good vs evil...Carnivale is and will always be HBO s best series!Come back Carnivale...I...we miss you  
Woohoo!. My grandson LOVES this video! My daughter and I sing along to it! Another great video in the Backyardigans series! I actually think that this is one of the 
 Keep your feet on the ground and not your head in the sky, . Slickly made and featuring a terrifically involving performance from its lead man Kuno Becker, Goal 
Some things never change . . . I teach the history of pop music at the college level and I m always looking for source material. It s hard to 
I was in this movie and attended the NY premiere; it s GOOD! And cute!. I was an extra in this movie MUSIC AND LYRICS , and we filmed it 
best dino movie ever. i saw this movie when my friend Tim lent it to me. He has a big collection of old sci-fi movies.so I watched it. It was 
Love this!!. I guess I m a latecomer when it comes to Neko,but I ve bought everything that she has out and very excited to see that ACL has released 
good film. I think that this movie was very good because it is very realistic as far as the situaions of life in the ghetto,love,and the struggles of life. It 
my favorite scary movie ever. this is the type of movie that no matter how old or young you are you can either have a good laugh at or kind 
The suffering of a child. Another Bresson masterpiece, presented in a beautiful Criterion edition with good extras about the shooting of the film.The young girl, who as all Bresson characters 
One of the best!. Kenny Loggins has been delivering 5-star concerts for years, consisting of his material. But this live perfomance includes earlier Loggins and Messina material so it was 
Side spliting. My side ached half way through Eddie s performance. I highly recommend this show for a fantastic escape from the world s madness  
Brillant. This DVD is what all YYH Fans have been waiting for since we started the dark tournament. It is a MUST for any Yu Yu Hakusho Fan  
Why oh why don t I read reviews before I buy!?!?!. Even though this set has 4 dvds, it s really chopped up and feels incomplete. Some of this I 
One major complaint. My problem was not with the story or the characters. They were great. My problem was understanding the duchess s heavy cockney accent, and I missed much 
Great Collection. The Indiana Jones complete DVD movie collection is a real bargain for any video buff! I previously had all the movies on VHS tape--and believe me, these are 
Good. If you like concerts this will do it for you. It comes with an hour long DVD of his concert plus a bonus cd with unreleased material, including a 
Easy Dance. This DVD is an excellent resource for learning basic steps. I ve used it to choreograph a musical, and it made my work simple. The presentation of the 
Parent s Love Wins Over Holocaust Terrors. I did not have time to read over the hundreds of comments about this movie, but I did feel the need to add 
The Joe Ortan story sort of... I liked this film for the scenes involving their defacing of library books new covers inside flap synopsis and the librarian playing Sherlock Holmes, 
Mostly for the commentary. I agree with some of the negative comments about this DVD by my fellow reviewers, but the commentary by Billy and Maynard in this DVD make 
EWF Live In Japan 1994: Maurice White Is Still In The Band!. For the last two decades Earth, Wind & Fire has continued to tour regularly, though they have not 
One of the best nazi films ever made. The best part of the movie was when the sentances were carried out. The men who did the atrocities to the jews 
Action Packed Adventure. I read other reviews and will agree that at times situations are not believable, lines are cheesy, etc. I will be honest and say I do not 
It s more than just the food. Although most reviewers see this as a movie centered on food, I enjoyed this film mostly because of the interplay between Martha and 
Awesome edition of my absolute favorite movie!. Rocky is undoubtedly one of the greatest movies ever made, and this edition of it is incredible. I already owned the 25th anniversary 
Good historical piece about early frontier. A good historical yarn about pre-revolutionary Ameican frontier struggles. Good viewing. R. Woolf  
Endgame. The print looks like you re watching it through muddy water; is this something to do with the unclear public domain status of this and other of Capra s 
Portrait of the last Nazi. While this is indeed an excellent film, it s also at best a rather shallow one. True, Reifenstahl does come across as creepy, at best, 
A SOLID COLLECTION!. I ve been a bit tough on some of these recent Disney collections due to the fact that all or most of the shorts were already appearing 
Cropping DVD = Super 35 format used in most films today. Actually, the cropping seen on the DVD was also on the laserdisc, letterboxed VHS, and theatrical editions of the 
absolute must have. this is the best season of this show...I could watch this season over and over agai  
Evocative!!. Maya Lin is a great designer, and this respectful film shows us her well mannered approach to art and architecture. I ll especially note her tactile abilities in her 
Good Deal. This is a good collection, I been heard that the DVD s came with no 2disc collection, I received all they said, half of them where unseal, the 
Happily Ever After Indeed:0 . Cinderella has always been my favorite Disney Princess.A joy to watch for all ages. Glad that Disney put it on DVD!  
Absolutely great. First off, I was 11 years old when the series debuted on NBC. Now that that s out of the way, this was even better the second time 
The More Things Change.... In 1995, Susan Smith drowned her own sons and blamed it on a Black man. In the 1990s, about a dozen Black men were on death 
What s a kid turned porn star supposed to do?. Boogie Nights is one of those films, in the vein of Blow, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, Requiem for 
Careful: Will Cause Laughter. Mr. Show, season Three, is quite possibly one of the funniest things you will ever see. Unless you re blind, then you re SOL.The mad minds 
One question??. I saw this film a few years back on TV and really enjoyed it, but I notice it is presented in full screen format. Is this the correct 
 Times and Reasons . Believe it or not, there s really not much more that can be said about this story and its production history that hasn t already 
A Thing of Beauty. Kagemusha is my eighth Kurosawa DVD and it holds #1 position in my collection. Kurosawa was a painter before he became a cinematographer, then writer and 
An Interesting Movie. This was a very interesting movie. A friend told me to watch this movie after I told him that I really liked the movie The Skeleton Key. 
Great Service. I ordered the movie and less than a week later I got the movie and in great condition  
If not the greatest, then the most original thriller ever put on film. Memento eclipses everything which preceded it, and set the bar so high it may never be topped. 
After all, we all look alike!. Chang s sarcastic comment to the Doctor stands out as one of the best lines ever delivered in Doctor Who. No way would you 
Response to Mr Tamm. I m not making any comments about this film, as it s a long time since I last saw it, but I do want to register 
I averaged the two movies out. I give american ninja 2 5 stars and anerican ninja 3 3 stars.It would have been better if they made a DVD that had 
Irreverant and fun. Feast has to laugh at itself - it s a stereotypical horror film in so many ways, and it doesn t even try to hide it. The 
Video ok, Sound good-to-great, Performance stellar. Just picked up Replay yesterday in a Mediamarkt in Germany the German version of Best Buy . Admit I was quite surprised while I 
Great comedy!. This was hilarious! Fun to see some of the greatest comedians in their early days light up the stage. Made us laugh out loud  
QiGong for Cleansing. I m new to the practice of QiGong..this DVD provides a powerful insight to its practice and depth of purpose. It is easy to follow and quickly 
Spectacular. This is one of the finest productions I have ever seen..Too bad more aren t being produced  
A must for John le Carre fans. This is a good adaptation of the book, but Denholm Elliott, though a fine actor, is no Alec Guinness when it comes to 
engaging, entertaining, and informative. I ve been enjoying learning about influential scientists lately, and this was a good resource in my self-education. It was really well made, combining standard documentary 
FORDs MYTHOLOGICAL WEST COMES TO AN END. This is a very good John Ford Western, which is untypical of Ford in many ways. It has a claustrophobic feel about it 
THE FIVE RULES OF REDEMPTION. LEVITY is one of those quiet films that gains its strength from the characterizations and their interactions. Writer director Ed Simpson gives us a story 
How To Use Your Body Language To Win Friends And Influence People!!!!!. Julia plays a struggling mother trying to make ends meet and then she gets a job and takes 
I Personally Enjoyed It. Reading over a few of the reviews of this film I noticed one major difference between those who enjoyed the movie and those who, well, hated 
Soul-Soothing Jack Delivers. Take a peak into the life of the gracefully talented Jack Johnson. Bios on musician friends and Jack s personal tales mark the musical contribution he is 
 I am the bleepin king of Dirk! . Given that pornography is a multi-jillion-dollar-a-year business, it s sort of surprising that it hasn t received the cinematic treatment more 
High, Low and Med. Ok, the first movie is a comedic masterpiece, witty and bawdy. Meaning the funniest parts are the dirtiest parts. The second movie thought, The dirtier, the 
Great documentary, quality of DVD could of be better. The documentary presents an objective view. It tells lots of details about the series of events that happened during at that 
Garfield ; Holiday Celebrations. Loved these specials as a child, and now my child is enjoying them! Fun for the family  
Perfectly delightful for boys and girls and their parents. It s hysterical and pitiful that some of the other reviewers describe this program as though it is some subversive, dangerous, 
Too wonderful. I watched the Renoir version and the Kurosawa version back-to-back one night and TRULY enjoyed both. Renoir mentions in the booklet that was wasn t too pleased with 
Well Done Introduction to Qigong. This is a very well-produced DVD that offers a solid introduction to the art of qigong. No one video is going to achieve great depth 
Beautiful people don t always do beautiful things. The people are beautiful, especially the female leads. Their childhood years were acted by two lovely, coltish teenagers who only hint at 
More hours of pure fun. I assume that this being the fourth season, that you now know what you have bought. Now you are ready for episodes 96 through 127. 
Should have been Halloween 3. I collect all the Halloween movies and liked them but Halloween 1,2, and H2O were the best. Like many people said that halloween H2O picks 
Super 1990s film noir. This film is undoubtedly one of the tops from the 1990s and certainly the best from 1997. The cast is impeccable. How can you beat Guy 
Since You Went Away. This movie should be a staple to every movie buff! It is a movie I ve watched over and over again throughout the years that I 
Profound and Moving. From the director of Tetsuo - The Iron Man and A Snake in June comes a deeply challenging psycho drama.Hiroshi Tadanobu Asano is a medical student bothered 
Where are the gay references, people?. My Bodyguard is the touching story of two young mens awakening to their burgeoning homosexuality. The love scenes are handled tenderly by the director 
Samurai Heart. Twilight Samurai was really an experiment for me. I had only recently gotten into foreign films, and I wanted to try something a little off the mainstream. So 
We got a bug!!. Great flick that is produced by Spielberg! The movie starz an incredible cast including: Will Smith, Tommy Lee Jones, and Rip Torn! It s about A 
Not a bad story but were are voive actors of the Yu Yu hakusho series. This was not very bad. It kept me somewhat interested with the story line. The 
Love the Lt., not the Misses. I ll continue to buy these series; that is how much I enjoy Columbo, but Universal , I m not interested in the Extra 
Mmmmmm Marilyn!!!!!!!!!!!. movie is kind of boring and tedious. only the sight of MM makes it exciting. but get it to see the legend at her sexiest, cutest, most edible, 
1990- ARNOLD S BEST YEAR!. Following the balls to the wall, surrealist revolution in Total Recall, Arnold was all out of surprises... Untill he became a cop deep undercover in 
Love and Romance. This film is a must for a collector. Brilliant acting by all and the music theme is wonderful. I would recommend this as a chic s flick 
Two thumbs up. Anthony Hopkins and Alec Baldwin are the perfect combination for this film of survival and redemption. An instant classic  
Best movie. Love this movie, ordered it to replace the VHS that finally wore out. Shipment was fast  
Rotary Engines and Dogfights. It s an old movie, it s good, and even though there is never enough air footage, there is enough to keep it exciting .... great 
Fantastic Movie!!. I first bought the DVD for my mother for Christmas. She let me borrow it. I am glad that I finally watched it. It is a truly great 
Worth watching. Let me start by saying that The Martian Chronicles is probably my favorite Sci-Fi book, and likely in my top 3 overall. So, any movie made in 1979 
Dangreous and Hot. Ivy is the new, crazy girl in school. Sylvie is the lonesome, geeky, rich girl. Once Ivy and Sylvie meet, they become pretty good pals. Sylvie invites 
Another way to learn. I am using this DVD in my Kindergarten class and the children love it. They love to sing the letter songs and this helps them remember 
Finally, a worthy DVD edition!. Clueless has been released on DVD before, with nothing more than two theatrical trailers as bonus features. In 2005, for its 10th anniversary, Paramount finally 
A good adaptation. This movie, which was a wonderful adaptation to Dickens masterpiece, did a good job at covering a very lengthy and in depth novel. I will not bother 
ONE OF THE BEST MOVIES I HAVE EVER SEEN!!!!!!!!!. DAS BOOT HELD MY INTREST FROM BEGINING TO END. I FELT I WAS ON THE SUBMARINE. I USED THE ENGLISH SUBTITLES, 
The Delfonics. The is a great movie based on the novel Rum Punch who s main character is a caucasian stewardess working for an arms and drug dealer. She transfers 
Probably the best CSI series on TV. I ve seen most of the episodes on TV, but occasionally I find one I missed with this DVD series. If you enjoy 
If you build it, SHE will come!. First of all, I really need to ask, WHAT ON EARTH WAS SO BAD ABOUT THIS MOVIE?!?!? This was quite simply the Moulin 
they should have 6 stars. One of the best concerts ever recorded on film.Audio is crystal clear .They play almost all their songs like clapton says .A bit slower than 
desperate men. I love it that you can find this film on VHS online. God bless the internet. I saw parts of this on TV years ago and the scene 
Bold and inspiring, though not flawless. Brother to Brother packs a lot of ambition into its compact running time. Director Rodney Evans has interwoven the modern-day story of Perry, a 
Excellent. I really liked this movie, Kristen Dunst in one of her first appereances did an excellent job on the screen this time. If your looking for a teenage movie 
Musically Thrilling, but Video Record of this Immaculate Show a little disappointing. I remember this show very well.Just as the sun dipped out of sight the stage lights went on 
TBS Superstation. I just watched the second half of Guarding Tess on TBS. It s now 11:30PM, and I am writing this review when I should be in bed 1 
The Classic Cannibal Flick. Trap Them and Kill Them aka Emmanuelle and the Last Cannibals is simply put the best of the cannibal exploitation genre and for a good reason. 
Much More Than Just Really Hot Chicks Naked. There are so many reasons to like Wild Things it s easy to call this movie perfect. Although it s not the 
Madea s Family Reunion. Anything Madea is in is worth watching!This movie had it all.I loved it  
Terrific, even with its flaws. After reading some of the glowing reviews on this site, I opted to pick this series up. I was immediately hooked upon watching the first 
The Coolest Anime Ever. This has to be one of the coolest animes ever made. With the Director of Cowboy Beebop, the creators of the series have turned history on 
Alexander s Ragtime Band. I ordered this for a friend and she really likes it. She has watched it several times since receiving it.  
Almost as comprehensive as the Edison Papers project!. What a fantastic set. I m really only 6 hours into the 12 hours of film material but this some wonderful set! 
Old School Soul Party. I am a fan of this kind of music. I really loved seeing The Whispers, they don t have any other live dvd shows! So if 
In the Face of Evil. This DVD is spectacular! Director Martin Doblmeier has created a great movie that focuses on Dietrich Bonhoeffer s extraordinary life. He juxaposes Bonhoeffer with many 
She really is the man!. She s the Man starring the very funny Amanda Bynes is enjoyable from start to finish. Hunky Channing Tatum also stars as Duke, the boy 
I like it. Jack Black is truly a hysterical human being. Underneath all of the hilarious comedy there lies a message. Whether everyone agrees or not is optional, but it 
Love both of these workouts. I am taking yoga classes but wanted to do more at home. I found this DVD and LOVE it. Sarah is an excellent instructor. She 
Fantastic. This is a fantastic DVD. I am new to Qi Gong and this DVD was very easy for me to follow. I have arthritis in my upper and lower 
Fun. Don t mislead by the title, because other than cheerleading, this movie has a little actually, nothing to do with Bring It On. However, I only say that so 
Werner Herzog as... Himself. Werner Herzog. If you ve seen one of his films, you re probably wondering Okay, what s with this guy? If you haven t seen one 
Hysterical. A classic comedy.... a must have for your movie collection. They don t make movies like this anymore  
Engrossing film!. Lee Marvin and Chuck Bronson are both top-flight actors, and their presence in this movie only makes an excellent chase plot that much the better. This is one 
a great world war II movie set in nam. ok sure there are a lot of things wrong with this movie but politics aside this is a great war movie. 
Pretty good, 6 year old LOVES it. I ve rented several of the Barbie movies with my 6 year old and this is her absolute favorite, so I m thinking 
They don t come any sweeter than this one!. What a beautiful movie. The acting was superb especially the two aging lead actors. The story was great showing that change 
Great Movie. This is one of the greatest movies off all time; the charcacters are so vivid all the acting is superb. Classic endin  
Inspiration. I loved this. I m a fan of a lot of the musicians and bands featured in this movie so that makes me a little biased. That aside Tom 
Magnum, the Best. I thoroughly enjoyed watching season 6 of Magnum PI and eagerly look forward to season 7  
Bizarre, disturbing, and compelling. Andrew Jarecki intended to make a documentary on David Friedman, New York s Number One Birthday Clown. What Jarecki uncovered, however, was the sad, secret, mysterious 
See WJS Review. There is fine review in the March 4-5 2005 Wall Street Journal Weekend edition. Great praise.  
Samurai Champloo & Kung Faux are good to go!. Order Samurai Champloo & Kung Faux on dvd and learn the ways of BentoBox.TV in your own 36th chamber  
The movie is bleak, it is Joseph Conrad!. The novel itself is a good play. If you have read the novel, you will find this movie a true and great 
The First Widow. Guarding Tess is a pretty good comedy drama that becomes a fair suspense drama by the end. Nicolas Cage Matchstick Men plays a Secret Service agent in 
Amazing. You laugh, you cry, and you try your best to live your life with hope. I just finished watching The Times of Harvey Milk and I struggle to find 
A cute funny little movie. This movie was great. It s not blockbuster, but it wasn t made to be. It was something geared towards teenagers, so older folks beware. 
The Green Mile. Stellar performances from all of the cast. The story is compelling, and you really get to fall in love with Coffey, played by Michael Clarke Duncan, who 
Not too Bad. Although I have seen the main characters in better movies this one is not all that bad.You never know what character Ms. DeMornay is going to play 
DVD only marred by horrid Commentary. Whatever Happened to Baby Jane? is an excellent film. The transfer to DVD is top notch.The bonus feature documentaries are all better than usual.But 
Dissing Marx for Friedman. I took a look at the first DVD in this series after reading Malcolm Gladwell s books, Harford s The Undercover Economist , Freakonomics , and 
Fantastic!. This newest episode of David Suchet s Poirot is wonderful! I highly recommend it. Mr. Suchet is as always a dead-on Hercule Poirot and the scenery is beautiful. Enjoy, 
A fun workout. Samba Party Workouts 1 and 2 by Vanessa Isaac are fun workouts. As others have pointed out they are pretty basic. Since most people don t know 
Howwll!. I loved this movie so much! Sure it s similar to the first but the special effects makes it a howl of a great time  
MOST EXCELLENT MOVIE EVER. This item is a MUST have for all transformer fans out there !! Not only will you get a EXCELLENT 3D poster 2 DVDs on Transfomers 
I still love this movie. Let me start this review stating that USUALLY, I do not agree with the movie nominationis for the Oscar awards. If you usually do, then 
your,s mine and ours love it. How could you not like this fun movie, yes one that ALL the famley can watch, a lot of kids,lots of laughs, fast pace,some 
Excellent documentary with amazing footage. I think this is one of the best documentaries I ever saw about Israel. It has amazing footage from that era that I never saw 
One of the Best Giallos Around. Aldo Lado s 1972 film is easily one of the best giallos around. In terms of style it comes close to the early Argento 
wonderful movie. This is a great movie and Toby Keith proves that he can not only sing, but act also...this is one of those movies that you just keep watching 
They don t make movies like this anymore!. Review are you kidding, they just don t make movies like this anymore. Two plots going on at the same time the 
Great Movie!. I bought this DVD as a gift to myself. I love this movie, remember it vividly from when I was a kid. Don t waste your time with 
All Time Classic...With A Few Surprises!. This is one of, if not THE, freakiest movie of all time, and that s saying something considering the horror movies that have been 
Would you risk getting killed when there s no money, glory or rank?. This is my first Akira Kurosawa movie. I m a martial artist and naturally I m attracted 
A Story Well Told! Good Enough to Spawn A Long-Running Series. I enjoyed this movie and was one of the first to jump on the series bandwagon. Kurt Russell does 
Lost in Space-season 2 volume 2. Item was shipped quickly and was in excellent condition,I was very satisfied with this product and would recommend anyone to order from this seller 
The movie that should make Shinya Tsukamoto famous in America. A Snake of June Shinya Tsukamoto, 2002 There are those, and they are legion, who find those of us who 
Wyatt Earp. For all Western movie fans, I recommend this movie about Wyatt Earp because I feel it is very close to what I have read about him  
I m an eating, drinking, s ing, f ing Santy Claus. Kid: Why do you need a car?Willie: What the f are you talking about?Kid: This car.Willie: Which turn is 
Fun with Dick & Jane - the original. A very good movie with good acting. The story was very funny. I have watched it several times and still get a 
I WANT CANDY!. This was a wonderful picture and is a definate yes for all movie lovers! Sophia gets into the mind of Marie Antoinette. I love this movie  
ANGEL goes out in style with a marvelous final season. These releases of ANGEL in new thinpak editions is very welcome. I own a large number of television shows on 
Perfect Casting, Perfect Direction, Perfect Acting... ...I am flipped for road moovys and this is one of my faves. I get the feel that Hollywood doesn t know how to 
 I ll go home with beautiful Jean . In mid-18 th century, Highlands of Scotland, Rev. Mr. Forsythe decided that they village of Brigadoon was being unduly influences by 
A true Mount Everest in the Cinema s story!. This multinational project included West Germany, Switzerland and France. This milestone picture is one of the most brilliant and demolisher documents 
 What a sweet and innocent idea of life you have. . This 550 minute, 4-disc set of Dostoevsky s The Idiot is a ten episode miniseries made by Russian-state 
FEMINISM TURNED INTO COMEDY BUT THE POINT IS WELL TAKEN. FIRST THOUGHTS - -This movie is among the greatest 100 minute entertainment fests in existence. 9 to 5 reaches and 
Key to Lawrence. This is a necessary film to getting a handle on D.H. Lawrence, a writer much more discussed than understood. Director Russell properly finds his key and turns 
Morning View Sessions. This cd contains some of the quintessential songs that have rocked the Incubus set for some time now. The must have for the Incubus fan, and for 
nureyev s don quixote. This totally remastered version of this ballet shows Nureyev at his most brilliant. The DVD itself has biographies on the artists but best of all it 
Only on T.V. I m sure this will not help that much cuz I have not seen the moive but I ve seen part of it on T.V.Adults do not 
Pop culture classic. One of the greatest teen movies of all times. If you were in high school during the 80s, you ve seen it. The movie is real, funny 
Ultimate Avengers 2. I am a big comic book fan! When I was younger I used to collect comic books. I would read The Avengers, Spider-man and The X-men. I 
streisand...love her. Again, i am a Streisand freak. Her acting was real in this movie. Again Great movie...will watch it over and over agai  
I thoroughly enjoyed it!. I enjoy most comedies. When I feel stressed, depressed -- or good, for that matter -- I like to watch funny movies.And this one was a 
Nancy, Phila., PA USA. I purchased this DVD, The Jury, due to Gerald Butler playing one of the roles. However, once I started watching it I could not pull myself 
A good teaching video for children & early teens. I got this video for my 5 1 2 yr old to begin to get some experience in party dancing. The 
An Unforgettable Classic. I was stunned when Nowhere Man wasn t picked up for a second season, but then, most of TV s most brilliant shows have suffered the same 
Beem s Gum and Jennifer Connelly too. Bill Campbell well known for his portrayal as Delbert Mosley in the HBO alien adventure Out There 1995 plays the witless hero, based 
Brings back memories. The kids watch it over and over and it brings back memories for me.The comics themselves are very simplistic, very little dialog and such. But that is 
Best Batman volume!. This is the best Batman volume yet! The old Robin Dick Grayson , travels around the world and becomes Nightwing. A new Robin fights by Batman s 
Peckinpah lightens up . . . This is one of those movies that starts out under the influence of the 1970s, with kinetic split-screen images during the credits, showing in 
Perfect Love Story. Love story meets dark comedy. Cameron Diaz said it best in There s Something About Mary - Harold and Maude is the greatest love story of all 
A Must See for all people of all kinds..!!. This movie really made me wake up the next day feeling differently about alot of things that are going on in 
Very good and it shows the importance well. We had to watch this for school and we just finished it today. I thought it was a terrific film. The end 
Hilarious movie. I love this movie. It was on Comedy Central a few times a week one summer and I watched it every time it was on.Like Dilbert, it has 
Memorable drama for any baby boomer.... Thoroughly entertaining drama involving Warren Beatty and Natalie Wood in starring roles about unrequited love in times of tough family values and expectations.I have 
FOURTH VOLUME A SUCCESS. This, the fourth volume of Warner s remastered Looney Tunes DVD series, is the best one since the first. Like on the previous three sets, each 
A powerful version of an epic. This is a breathtaking movie on several levels. One, the scenery is stunning. Two, the pace of action is unrelenting. Third, there is considerable 
A great workout!. I have been doing Pilates for about five years and found this to be an excellent video. Sarah Picot is an excellent instructor. The workout is managable 
Big Momma DVD- Too Funny. The price was right - shipping indeed quick and then we put the movie in - laughed till we hurt!!! This is an old fashion 
A Hilarious Movies!. To all those reviewers if you can even call them that who had a hard time with this film, GET A LIFE! This film is awesome. I 
Raging Bull no Bull. This movie is mad crazy! De Niro s best movie produced  
Far From Corny. This is The Best Stand Up Comedian Since Eddie Murphy. From the tone of his voice, to his pimp style attire, to his topics of interest, Kat 
Not the usual boring sit-ups. This is a wonderful video that uses unique and even fun ways of working the abs. Many ab workouts require countless boring sit-ups, and while 
HEY YOU GUUUUUUUYS!!. I bought this set for my six year old boy wink, wink . He s already a ridiculously good reader, but he has Autism. He really enjoys 
Well played out movie. This has some of my favorite actress\actors in it, Demi Moore, Camerton Diaz, Drew Berrymore, Matt Leblanc. Lucy Lei was really good in this movie too! 
I don t care, I love this movie. First of all, I almost never give five stars. Having said that I love this movie. I don t care what anyone 
Example of great film-making. This is not the kind of movie I would normally go for, BUT it was so well done that it deserves 5 stars !Whenever a film 
Worth the money. The Limited Edition is worth the money for any FF fan. The extras you get are nice as well as you get a little more background info 
great movie. enjoyed the special effects as well as story line and costumes and make up  
An active and fun 60-minute DVD introduction to the wonderful hobby of hip-hop dancing for children. Also available in a VHS format 19.95 , Hip Hop For Kids: Pop! Lock! 
They can t make em like this anymore. Breaking Away is a true rarity: a feel-good movie that doesn t that isn t silly. Yes, there are plenty of laughs 
Getting better. Just fantastic every episode is a treasure of fun and lovely native british comed  
Great Movie But Disapointing Taste!. I liked this movie but it didn t stand out to me to be one of the best movies I have seen. The one thing 
a beautiful and funny English classic. Although it is very funny, and it is about talking animals that drive cars, The Wind in the Willows is not suitable for four 
Imaginative, different type of movie. Tired of explosions and bad guys who shoot hundreds of bullets but still miss their main target? Try this drama sci fi movie. The characters 
Just keeps getting better!. I just finished watching the season finale and I must say I am going to miss this show. In the past few months I have watched 
Kiss Today Goodbye. This is a 1985 release, and stars Michael Douglas as a Broadway director casting dancers for a large production. I enjoyed the movie, yet completely agree with 
Hidalgo. Love this movie, caught some of it on TV one week so then did a search on Amazon and brought the movie. Family entertainment Loosly based on the real 
Fun show!. The old, late 70 s classic Buck Rogers show on DVD! Mel Blanc as the voice of Twiki is always worth a chuckle, and Erin Gray alone is 
Review. This is a good movie, I really enjoyed the concept. There have been alot of mind control movies in the past, but this one was directed by a competent 
All Borg. All the great Borg episodes together. This is a great idea and a great set to have  
If You Love Season 1, You ll Go Crazy Over Season 2. Season 2 rocks! It is the Cosby Show at its very best. Our family loves it!  
dave chappelle s show is golden and that ain t no shower !. this was and still is one of the best skit comedy shows out at the time. dave 
Making a difference. We know Jack Starks is a genuinely good person from the first time we see him. During the first Gulf War, he ceases shooting Iraqis because there 
The darker side of comedy. BORN ROMANTIC cuts a slice of life out of London life that includes a myriad of characters all of whom border on pathological types. And 
A very human story of love and parenthood. Ok, I ll start off by saying that I m straight, and have loved this movie since the 80 s. It s 
Dick and Jane at Last on DVD. This is one of my favorite comedies of the seventies. I remember when I first saw it as a kid, and how much 
Classic. This movie is a classic. If you haven t seen it or heard of it, buy it now  
V For Vendetta. Great flick with plenty of special effects and great audio and it even has the semblance of a plot. Politicians, watch out  
Not as good as the book but good viewing. Hollywood really pruned the original story down to almost a pot-boiler. Saving the day was the acting and enough of the 
Sexy anime just as I like it: funny, and with a good plot. To best sum up what this show is like, think of an adult-only CHOBITS or HAND MAID 
The actors make this one great!. Let s just forget that Road Trip completely ripped-off this film and focus on the fact that the choice of actors and the way 
lord of war. wow what an eye opener ... i don t believe much; but this ... got me thinking ... very well done  
This will bend your mind!. This film allows you to explore places in your heart and mind that you never knew existed. This film is for all those who have 
long but engrossing epic. 1 2Although it originally premiered as a miniseries on Italian television, The Best of Youth arrived in America in the form of a not particularly viewer-friendly, 
Nanny McPhee Review. This movie is great for people of all ages. It is actually clean with an a wonderful story  
Excellent!. As a belly dancer I think it s important to constantly review your technique & try to maintain clean lines while performing. Elsa s teaching format helps me focus 
Like It Even Better on DVD. To be honest, I loved the Japanese original of this movie so much that my first watching of the American version was a little 
THE EXTENDED CUT IS WORTH IT IF.... If you do not currently own Crimson Tide, then this is a must buy DVD for you. This version is much better than 
Totally Fun, Fresh & Absolutely Amazing!!. I have been a fan of this movie since I first saw it - it is definitely one of the best movies out there. 
charmed. I am a charmed addict I have seasons 1-6 on dvd and looking forward to season seven dvd when it arrives. I pre-order season seven can t wai  
Young Abe. Young Abe Lincoln is an excellent film about one of the most popular presidents of our country in his earlier life. Henry Fonda s portrayal is astounding and 
Massive Art-exhibition-in-a-box Collecfion of Avant-garde titles. The contents below are from unseen-cinema; they include the contents of a 160-page softcover Series Catalog, which is sold separately, but I think you 
Beggars can t be choosers when it comes to classics on DVD. This is a solid collection that contains six films from one of the most popular actresses of the 
Devastating. The Spy Who Came In From The Cold gets inside your veins like cold, bullying ice and by the end of the movie you feel numb. Based on the 
Eye-opening. The only problem with this DVD is that there isn t enough info about the original investigation. This is truly a fascinating watch, and a very sad commentary on 
Important History. It was on a cold January day in 1988 that I first saw 28 Up on PBS in Central Indiana and later 35 Up in the theater in 
Where s the Mind Over Matter music video by E.G. Daily???. Great movie. Superb picture and sound quality. But no extras. E.G. Daily s music video for Mind Over Matter 
Dark Humor Gives the Film its Edge. As a North American, one is subject to films which are essentially shallow, mindless and repetitious. Rarely is there a film that comes 
Or Private Lives in Argentina; Melodramatic But Gripping. You might be interested in this Spanish Argentine film because of the inclusion of Gael Garcia Bernal of Motorcycle Diaries and other 
Ghost Hunters season on dvd. If you love the show Ghost Hunters on Sci-Fi you will absolutely love the dvd sets. It is jammed packed with great episodes that made 
Funny!!!. This movie is funny for a prequel. The guys that played Harry and Lloyd look just like the original Harry and Lloyd. I thougt that this movie was cute 
are you next?. Joanna Eberhart has decided to get away from the chaos of the big city and moves with her husband and kids to the town of Stepford. at 
A bad movie?... I don t think so. Why everyone say that s a bad movie? Because it is?... One movie, in this case, a Sci Fi movie, must nt 
Very Original. Greek mythology was something I ve never paid much attention to. Having said that, I knew nothing about the legend of Orpheus and Eurydice. It wasn t until 
My Favorite. To me, this movie demonstrates the importance of being comfortable with yourself, and it shows that each person in this world can be significant. Not only that, but 
The must have of this year. What a joy this DVD is, an artifact from another time, from the sound of CB S voice to the funny wanderings of the 
Hilarious. This hilarious romp in the gridiron is entertaining and memorable. If you haven t seen it, don t miss it.Several of the reviewers rated it low in comparison to 
Everybody Loves To Zoom. If you re a motorcyclist, but don t watch racing, you ll certainly love FASTER nontheless. Even if you don t own a bike, you ll 
Moscow Believes in Love. It does not surprise me that this short 91 minutes B W movie that was made 50 years ago in the Soviet Union during the short 
Remembering. Twenty years later, after PLATOON was released in 1986 and brought some of the horrors of the Vietnam experience to the public s media-jaundiced eye, at last the film 
awesome. My 2 yr old daughter has been watching the Einstein movies baby&little since she was born. We just got this and the second she saw it come in the 
I liked it more than other reviewers... because I found this to be a film with a great narrative. There is a flow from beginning to end, a view of 
 I don t understand it at all, but god I love it ---Randy Marsh. Season 8 includes more amazing South Park episodes with topics that remain relevant and fresh. 
MAKING A STATEMENT. PURE COUNTRY is not so much a Country story as it is a statement about where Country Music was heading at the time the movie was made. 
It won t make movie of the year... ... and it surely isn t going to win any best actor awards, but it was uproariously funny and had a moral. 
Bright as a wound and warm-hearted as a fever. Lurid colors cover a visual stink that permeates La Cienaga and turns all interaction sinister around the edges. The camera work 
Authentic Civil War Picture of War In MIssouri & War Against Civilians. Fast paced, authentic look and feel of Civil War in Missouri, which is more a war against civilians 
Patricia Charbonneau. This was an awesome movie........very real. I m amazed that it was filmed back in 1985.......that must have been pretty brave back then. Both Shaver and Charbonneau were 
kittyjinny. Beginning with the first 1932 movie, the year of my birth, these films are better now than when I first saw them. It is surprising how well the special 
NEW YORK POST CRITIC SHOULD BE FED TO THESE!. The Ghost And The Darkness is a fabulous film, and unlikeThe moronic, and ridiculous review from The New YorkPost,people who appreciate 
One of the best movie!!. Beyond Borders is one of my favorite movie of all time. I also love Kingdom of Heaven, Star Wars, Pirates of the Caribbean or Munich.But 
Excellent movie, but version missing some scenes?. This movie still rocks after all these years since it first came out. An excellent and energetic movie from the start. Plot is 
A beautiful piece of cinematographic work. From Hell is meticulously produced and has some of the best cinematography I ve ever seen in a horror movie.Although the story about who 
Few letters, but teaches them well. This video does only teach a few letters P, R, T, O, E , but it teaches them incredibly well. My daughter 3 yrs 
logun s run. If your a fan of older movies with a lesson in it then this is it  
Chilling and tense thriller all the way along !. Among the most reminded thrillers of this last decade this film occupies a status place among the best ones. Its original 
Kiss Me Goodbye, a new classic, a must see!. Are you a hopeless romantic? Love romantic comedies? Love Sally Field and James Caan? If you answered yes to any, buy 
I wanna be on DanceTV!. Surprise,surprise! Sarah Jessica Parker can actually dance! I enjoyed watching her and the other talented actors actresses kicking their heels in this movie. The plot 
Great flick. Pitt hasn t exactly been praised to the podium in his decade of performances, but personally I love his dry sense of humor in every role he does. 
One of my Favorite De Mille Movies is still Unconquered. This was a mammoth production from director Cecil B. De Mille set in colonial America. The colonists confront Indians with 
Here s the truth about the movie. Somewhere I saw people said How come Sal has the tapes when they were given to Doc? The answer is Satin Records told 
The Guys Are Gods. The male body and especially the face have never been so erotically photographed. And this entry outshines the rest. The main attraction is the faces, I 
The Best of the Evil Dead Trilogy. Great special effects while retaining the spoof and humor. A must have not only for Bruce Campbell, Evil Dead2 fans but anyone who 
 SQID This . I saw this movie on opening night back in 95 and from then on I became hooked.If you haven t seen this movie or just curious 
one twisted but moving story. I love all of Van Damme s movieshe rocksgreat actiongreat humor in some of his moviesthe man can actand Im proud of his roots of 
Best version and BETTER than Hard Boiled!!!. The Criterion Collection is the BEST version of The Killer!! The image is CLEAR, they added more slow-mo action scenes, the dvd have 
performance driven. Stellan Skarsgard seems uncannily gifted at pulling off any kind of role asked of him. His range is astounding, but no more so than here in this small, 
 Say...did anything happen last night? . Made almost ten years ago Rolf Silber s Regular Guys is somewhat of a mixed bag. Blessed with a cast of mostly pretty 
 Modern Day Wonder!. Well, ABC did CBS a big favor by dropping Wonder Woman after one season. CBS took the show, then skipped the continuity 35 years ahead, to 
Sleazy, But Very Entertaining: Nice Widescreen DVD. A great suspense movie with terrific slow camera-work adding to the dramatics makes this a treat to watch and enjoy. Director-writer Brian de 
Not likely to help much in solving the problems. The film is a wonderful snapshot of the decline and fall of an American town. The scenes of parties for Flint 
Excellent Release from Rhino. The TV Western fan has been poorly served in DVD releases generally, although with the release of season sets for Have Gun Will Travel & season 
Touching with Wonderful Performances. Diane Keaton gives a remarkable and haunting performance as Mrs. Keaton. Her character stays with you long after the movie s end. Simply brilliant  
Warm family fun. Everyone needs a little magic, and this heart warming tale provides just that. With small lessons of patience and compassion this is a movie fit for all 
An Antti Keisala Comment: He That Dwelleth in the Secret Place of the Most High. I have spent my time watching films, and along the way moulded a way of 
The continuing adventures of the light side of heroes in the DC Universe. We all have to admit that Superman has a tough act to follow on gaining popularity like 
HOT HOT HOT. ALYSSA MIANO IS SO HOT I JUST LOVE HER IN ANY THING THIS DID NOT DISAPPOINT IF YOUR A FAN OF ALYSSA I AM SURE YOULL LIKE 
A TRUE murder story.....TV at it s BEST!!. This is a very realistic true story of a group of Florida FBI Agents on the trail of 2 bank robbers. The 
rating system is flawed, watch and judge yourself. the veiwpoints of mr. chomsky s no doubt will anger some. probably for not being able to hear an opposing view to 
I think I like it for all the wrong reasons!. If you like the unintentional comedy of bad acting and bad special effects then check this film out. Everytime I 
Very entertaining thriller, not scary though. Fallen is a very good movie, however, I wouldn t classify it as horror just because it involves demons. It was more thrilling than 
Loved it!. I used to watch this movie all the time growing up, and I was so excited when I found it on Amazon, for such a great price. I 
Absolute quality!. This DVD is a treasure. I belive it is impossible to find a silent flick presented in a better picture quality than Seven Chances . If you are 
This is the TV version I saw over 30 years ago. What a great movie. And it s still believable after all these years even with the mainframe computer consoles 
Net Force Rocks. Loved this movie for the most part, especially Scott Bakula and Chelsea Field. It was nice to see them together again in a movie. It has plenty 
A MUST HAVE - AN AMERICAN CLASSIC. If you are looking at this movie, then you probably already know that American Graffiti is the one that started all of the 
Actually very interesting no matter what your religious affiliation. This documentary answers the question that most of us not raised in constrictive religious homes ask about the very usually rightwing 
Excellent concert video. Having recently seen Robben Ford live in Santa Fe, I can say that this DVD captures his brilliance at melding Rock, Jazz and Blues into a sound 
Becasue I want to know who I m looking at. I saw this movie a few days after Christmas in 1996 with my best friend. We got there early and 
Cronenberg s best film along with Crash... David Cronenberg is a remarkable filmmaker. He started out directing shclock, B-movie material, but those were infused with his own sensibility, which really 
Wow... Just wow... Soldiers testifying about their actions during the Vietnam War. Mandatory viewing for anyone interested in the war, or war in general.j.w.k  
Another delicious piece of the gory pie. The Return of the living dead belongs to the same catagory as The Evil dead , Mute witness , The Texas Chainsaw massacre 
Great show but huge downer..... I wanted to buy this cause i watched it a few times and never finished it so i looked and it shows the COMPLETE COLLECTION 
I loved Brokeback Mountain. This film was absolutely beautiful because of the location in which it was shot and the main characters. However, its true appeal comes from the manner 
HUFF. Somebody kept using the past tense in their review. Huff IS still on the air, though was almost cancelled I think but it is going to start sooner than 
Just like old times. This book and cd reminds me of learning the guitar as a teenager. Mates sitting around teaching each other different tricks. Thanks Arlen, I am enjoying 
Great collectors item. I had been tring to find something on Amos n Andy for years. This Platinum Edition exceeded my expections. I watched the original show on a 12 
Notable and worthy directorial effort!. Jack Nicholson decided to throw his hat at ring again with this sequel of Chinatown. There are many interesting aspects to remark. The dare camera 
Inspiring story of faith in Christ. A very well directed docu-drama. It follows de case, in real time and in situ, of the 15 year old black young man who 
Very Good. This movie arrived in good time and it is in excellent condition. I highly recommend this seller. Thanks  
Get Real-honest and funny. Get Real is a story of young love and accepting who you are. Steve Ben Silverstone is gay and comfortable with it, even though he is 
Strange and well done. a small film but original.The two boy actors were excellent. Not a pretty story but poetic,particulary the endin  
Worth Every Penny. I didn t know anything about ballet, but I wanted to introduce it to inner city kids, without spending a fortune. So I purchased this and the 
Always worthwhile for AITF fans. I am a diehard AITF fan since it first aired so I don t care about extras or digital remasterings.What is being shown on the 
passive aggressive coping. The first time I ve seen passive agressive behavior that I approve! The deal is that when people are abusive to Nicole and Paris, they don t 
Halloween HA-HA-HAs. I love this DVD. The episodes I liked include the Johnny Bravo episode where he meets Scooby-Doo and the Eds first junkyard adventure. There are a few funny 
The decade of the women on the top!. The social convulsion of the seventies affected all the layers of the family; many men simply gave up and many women had 
 If you were a man I d punch your dirty face in. . D.O.A. 1950 is one of those films I try to watch about once a year a 
I ADMIT IT I M A TRUE FLINTSTONE FANATIC!!!!!. I could hardly wait to add The Flintstones season 2 to my dvd collection!!! I just adored the episode of Alvin 
Sophisticated political thriller. The premise in this tightly wrought thriller directed by the very accomplished Sydney Pollack is that Zuwanie Earl Cameron the old dictator once freedom fighter of an 
Lenny COMES TO LIFE Thru The Magic Of Fosse. Lenny is a fine film directed by the great Bob Fosse.It stars Dustin Hoffman in a oscar nominated performance and the 
no title. Another movie with sniffling and Kleenex. Tom Hanks, as I foresaw in Big , is absolutely superb. Another comic, like Robin Williams and Bill Murray, with marvelous depths. 
If you played the video games... you ll love the movies!. Not many video game based movies turn out well, but Resident Evil is an exception to the rule. The 
 The 39 steps presents a classic Hitchcockian situation... He is wanted simultaneously by the police, for a murder of a young woman he had befriended, and by the agents 
Discover China via an informative DVD. Of late, the world is paying increasing attention to China Middle Kingdom because it is just a place to travel and experience the Chinese 
The Pride of the Yankees. Potent inspiration for a country newly at war, the film still holds up. The magnetic Cooper was never better, and we even get a glimpse 
Hillarious!. It s nearly impossible to make a movie that s funny for everyone. This movie kept me laughing nearly the whole way through.I was given a copy of it 
One of THE most funny movies :- . This is outright hilarious. I admit I haven t seen the original version, but this one is fantastic. It s choc full 
#25: ANOTHER EXCELLENT ZATOICHI EPISODE. The 25th episode of Zatoichi finds the ever humble blind masseur on his way to his hometown. It has been years since Zatoichi has visited 
FALL FANS UNITE !!!. IF ANYONE WANTS TO DISCUSS FALL IN A YAHOO OR AOL GROUP JUST EMAIL ME CHEYENNESYNFUL@AOL.COM I LOVE THIS MOVIE!! I LOVE THE SOUNDTRACK!!! IT S 
Astonishing. Cesar has an amazing way about him. He is calm, assertive, and completely rational, no matter what the dog is doing. People often treat dogs as the person would 
Awesome take on an old favorite. I was very hesitant to see this movie, I am a die hard Sarah Brightman fan as well as a Phantom fan. I was 
She s a brick house. Jazmin Biltmore s really built A healthy, smart brick houseShe feels that since she s overweightShe ll never find a spouseShe s into popping diet 
Take a High-Def Flight with Imax!. An absorbing video, full of action and interesting sequences.Take-off and landing shots, from Aircraft carriers, were nail-biting highlights for me. With HD Imax imagery, 
Angels in America. Directed by Mike Nichols, the screenplay of this film was adapted by Tony Kutchner from his play. To say that it revolves around a gay man who 
Rich Ford. This was one the best seasons of the West Wing I have all seven seasons. I believe this was the drama series ever on tv. I recomend this 
RITA HAYWORTH GAVE GOOD FACE!!!. I recently decided to purchase this film on vhs instead of dvd, because I figured there were probably no extras. Needless to say I was 
Little known aspect of WW2 spys and intelligence gathering. Richard Basehart plays a US Army Intelligence Officer who recruits former German Army POW s Oskar Werner to go back into 
FANTASTIC!. Growing up I have found there aren t many films that can last a long time any more. But this one is a true classic. Near enough 20yrs and 
It really is a miracle!. Miracle of the White Stallions has been a family favorite of ours for many years, so much so that when I moved to Idaho to 
The real star of this film: obviously, Tom Savini. Separating The Prowler from other slashers, this film opens with vintage footage of WWII soldiers returning home with a voice-over narrator, 
Great for Pats Fans. This DVD is not 22 minutes long! It covers most of the Pat s biggest games and each of the playoff victories and the Super Bowl. 
beautiful beyond imagination. Lucky is any viewer who encounters Flambards! It s one of Masterpiece Theatre s best series ever. Another reviewer did a great job outlining the plot. But 
Broken Arrow. Good Movie.Two military airforce pilots Vic Deakins Travolta and Riley Hale Slater are assigned a stealth training mission carrying two nuclear warheads.it s supposed to be a routine 
Awesome. Great movie for any mob fan and shipping was fast and price was cheap  
Don t Stop Now. I have been to hundreds of shows in my lifetime, seen thousands of bands. One band always took it one step further than I thought possible. 
Dean is BAD. If you want to see what a BADMAN should be portrayed as, this is the movie and Dean Martin is the BADMAN! George Peppard co-stars and the 
Religion and Art. Religious and artists lives have not fared particularly well in films, both being more interior than outwardly evident. Fred Zinnemann s The Nun s Story is the 
Still the one that I want. This is the icing on the cake that was started with the first DVD. You must get this DVD in order to get the 
The Thing. This is the remake of a movie called The Thing From Another Planet This is a very good movie and the original is a classic movie. I own 
Good, but not Great.... The price of this Pure 80 s The DVD collection seems to change now and then. I bought it when it was on sale ? for 
the best of the best. I like the idea of showcasing each members talents sepratley, and Palin has always been my favorite Python  
An excelent movie. If you liked amelie , this one is definitely for you...a good movie , that you can see to many times , every time you will unsertand 
Enjoyable film. Fargo was a great film, everything in this film worked from the dark humor to the script and acting and the way it was shot in the cold 
Pure Joy. Hans Christian Anderson wrote many of our most loved fairy tales, and this movie brings them to life with the incredible talent of Danny Kaye. you can see 
 Rivette? Who is Jacques Rivette? He s a great filmmaker, that s who... The French New Wave is justifiably famous in cinema circles, schools, etc.. It is still talked 
Young Guns. One of the best movies of its time.Dermot Mulroney was just starting out in this movie. Great western  
 The weeping tyme is the tyme of this wretched world. . A superb historical drama revolving around Henry VIII and his break with the Catholic Church over a refused 
Here is a Fascinating Film!!. Watch this movie if you want something quite different than what you ll find at any movie theater this summer. DiCapprio gives his finest performance 
No Winners. This is a tough movie to evaluate. The fact that it leaves you with an uneasy feeling it a testament to its power. The fact that the film 
Great for Toning. This video won t make you sweat but it is a great toning video. Violet Zacki is a much tougher instructor than Ellen Barret who is in 
Great ..........this Christmas movie was hard to find. We had this creative movie on a vcr tape which is worn out. I looked everywhere to find it on dvd. Thank 
Very nice, but a bit narrow in its scope. I agree with 99 of the points that the reviewers before me have written, but I found two areas of weakness 
Romance in a factory town. Troubled finances force a young woman and her parents, to move from the country to a rough factory town in the city; in the 1800 
Hardly Vicious --A Winning Performance By The Likable Dane Cook. There s probably not a lot I can say about Vicious Circle, Dane Cook s Boston performance in the round 
R30 review. Excellent Excellent Excellent...I truly believe that Rush gets better as they get older. I watched this concert so many times that I know the order of the songs. 
Early Kate, good mystery. This movie is a good mystery, with an ending that I did not predict! Kate Beckinsale is great, and her short haircut and natural British accent 
The Way things should be. Anne of Green Gables shows how a combination of love, honesty, hard work, tolerance and integrity is the perfect mix for bringing out the best 
The best season, hands down. Early in Season 2 you can tell things were really rolling for this series. It debuted mid-season the previous year and really piqued the interests 
How to get rid of a mad woman and live happily ever after. The whim and fancies of a disc jockeycaught by a glimpse of a common,lonely ladyone evening in 
Welcome to the Alternate Universe of PKDick. The author was not your classic sci-fi story teller. He streched the boundaries of the genre with each new publication and it is 
Good movie after the first 30-40 minutes. It starts off slow, the acting of the governor and his children at the beginning is awful.After that the movie gets quite good. 
Excellent despite the warts. As far as film making goes, there was not a great deal of attention to detail in this one. Look for modern-era cars in the 1955 
Utta Hagen s Acting Class: The DVD. This is an amazing investment for any actor, whether beginner or advanced. These dvds are actual classes and exercises by Uta Hagen herself, 
Great flick!. I initially saw this film on a movie channel about a week ago. At first I wasn t sure what had come on, but as I started to 
Special Edition DVD Showcases Albee s Vitriolic, Take-No-Prisoners Marital Combat Zone. Edward Albee s vituperative play about marital warfare, an acknowledged classic even during its first run, came to the 
Classic Epsiodes. Some classic episodes indeed. All In The Family broke new ground in television sitcoms. The world ws changing and liberalism was making its presence in many households. Archie 
SAW. Great movie!!!!! It will keep you interested. It will always have you there guessing the next move. A lot of twists and turns. Although it is a great movie 
Brilliance And Courage, Then And Now. It s almost impossible to set too much praise on this movie. Harkening back to an age when those who delivered the evening news 
Commercial-Free Oprah!. This is a truly awesome collection of DVD entertainment.For those nights when NOTHING is on TV, now you can watch exactly what you really want! Your girlfriend! You 
Good but could have been great. As I told my friend, if you can get past the first half hour, this is a great movie. The temptation to turn it 
Truly awesome. I am truly a Johnny come lately here as I just brought this mini-series and saw for the first time just very recently. I must say that I 
Fall in love with a Mountie. Paul Gross is sooooo appealing in Due South, great to watch. Sweet shows with a heart. Some very funny stuff, too. Check out Paul 
Unlikely Hero. This movie follows in the footsteps of John Hughes-style, coming of age classics like Sixteen Candles and Weird Science . It is an absolutely hilarious movie from start 
Beautiful. There s not much I can say about this neglected gem on DVD BEFORE &quot;Bells Are Ringing&quot; and AFTER &quot;Born Yesterday&quot;! that isn t already in these reviews. It 
Fascinating Guilty Pleasure. Well, this is THE movie that trapped me into Dario Argento s horror world in no time-- the first one of his I ve ever seen not 
BRILLIANT. This is typically the kind of movie that we would like to watch more often . Everything is well thought and it doesn t try tobe spectacular to get 
great movie!. I love Patriot Games... this is the movie my brother and I always watch late at night together when the rest of the house is asleep.  
A tentative review?. I shouldn t call this a review, really. I haven t seen this copy of The Church as yet. I have seen the movie a number of 
amazing movie. We watched this movie in my Modern Latin America class. It moved me to tears. What happened in Argentina in that period, la guerra sucia and los desaparecidos 
Fellini s funny and nostalgic look at his childhood. Federico Fellini s satiric yet lovingly nostalgic look back at his youth and home town Rimini, Italy just before the war. 
One of the best DVDs ever!!. Like my title says, this DVD is one of the best DVDs ever made. For months I wanted to buy it, but I just 
Fantastic Buy!. 3 DBZ movies for an amazing price. How can you go wrong  
Student Prince review. I got the dvd in a very reasonable time and have watched it several times since. It is a simple story, but it has a feel good 
A minor Bunuel masterpiece, but still a masterpiece. The Phantom of Liberty is made up of a series of surrealist vignettes held together by the loosest of narrative structures - 
The female version of Chaplin via Italy. First of all this is a masterpiece, maybe Fellini s best film.Second, Cabiria is a very spiritual, soul-searching, heart-rending film. A religious film, 
amicus gives us another horror anthologies,and strikes gold again. growing up there was nothing better than parents going to bed and staying up and watching horror movies on saturday night.if 
Pleasant Surprise. I hadn t heard about this movie before, until I came across the influences for the Silent Hill videogames. The Changeling was one of them, as well as 
Sweet coming of age movie. I loved the setting of this movie; it was out in the country with peaceful nature sounds I enjoy hearing. The pace was relaxed but 
Its a Legend. This movie is an awesome movie. If you haven t seen it yet please by all means go out and buy it. It may be an 80 
Great Movie, especially for left wing europeans. I loved this movie so much. I did not know much about los maquis but I knew a lot about partigiani which are 
Shirley Valentine. I was very pleased with this motion picture. The casting and script were well developed and the performance exquisite. I found Pauling Collins to be a very credible 
Better than the first!. American Pie 2 was definately funnier than the first. Good soundtrack and plotline too. A highly entertaining, laugh-out loud teen comedy  
An excellent rendition. This is a really great concert version of Sweeny Todd. I saw the DVD with George Hearn and Angela Lansbury and I think nobody could top those 
A fun diversion. This movie is interesting if you arfe stuck in the 80 s like I am. It is an interesting tale of how things are not always quite 
killing me softly. it was great and i recommend it tp people who love passion movie  
stas. This dvd rocks, cant say enough about Hortons guitar playing and how cool the group is. Good video quality and the show plays right on through ,also there are 
Lyricalintizimist Review. Anyone with love for Tupac Amaru Shakurs work can appreciate this movie.To those pac fans.Don t forget the soundtrack  
 Hate is a very exciting emotion! . Rita Hayworth and Glenn Ford star in Gilda, a noir thriller set in Buenos Aires. Ford plays Johnny, a down on his 
Not Best Or Worst - Just Different. Too often we look at things with 20 20 hindsight. But really there s no reason to start up any disputes as to 
A Fitting End to a Fantastic Series. The O.C. was a great show full of memorable characters and performances, great wit and satire, and best of all - it was 
Double the [fun]. Van Damme and Dennis Rodman in an action movie? Hell Yeah!! Van Damme palys Quinn, the top anti-terrorist of the U.S., who inadvertendly kills the son of 
You will either love it or Hate it. People who watch this movie either love it or hate it.  
Best Role ever for James Woods. This movie is reminiscent of In Cold Blood because of the tragedy of it, and it s duo plot line, but is I think 
Great movie now in beautiful HD. Although this movie is fantastic, sadly it is one of Harrison Ford s last good performances other than perhaps Clear and Present Danger in 
Just some good ol boys... OK. I ve decided once and for all not to waste peoples time and give a synopsis of each movie, knowing that it s already 
Excellent movie. The one line in the movie that made it a hit for me was, you are worth it. After that, I just sat back and enjoyed the fun 
Twisted SIck Comedy. The review above is incorrect in stating that the sick doctor implanted the kidnapped Daryl Hannah with an egg from his infertile wife, Played by Tilly . 
Yes, there is another version with printed English subtitles. On October 10, 2005 Reviewer A. Garza asked: this dvd did no have close captioned, and for me I prefer them 
I enjoyed it. I did, however, see a different version than the one listed here. The one I saw was 122 minutes in mandarin with subtitles and came with 2 
Mongolians?. Ever wonder where the idea of the magic carpet ride comes from? Well look no further than Raoul Walsh and Douglas Fairbanks s The Thief of Bagdad. An amalgamation 
Long Live the Rat Fink. Yeah this is cool, a tribute to Big Daddy Ed Roth and his Rat Fink creation and it took a Canadian film maker to do 
A review from a huge Kylie Minogue fan!. Okay, you simply must read this review if you are considering this, or anything to do with Kylie Ann Minogue in any 
Hitchcock like trains. It may be his favorite venue. There are so many possibilities. This is a spy thriller. It works on several levels, with quite of bit of comedy 
Rare Laserdiscs - dvds Movies Collector. The Deer Hunter is One OF My Favorite Movies,I bought this 2 Disc Set Special Edition,I love MR Deniro Much,I ve his Collection,this s 
Purists be damned... I love this movie. I can see how Shakespeare s purists could be upset by some of the inconsistencies, but I don t care about any of 
Great satire. This movie is a must present for radical pro-life and pro-choice. I always think of this movie when politicians or people debate this issue. It really shows how 
Supreme. Trane is unique. We all agrree in that point. To me, John Coltrane is one of my favorite jazz musicians. His music is full of energy, full of creation, 
Great finish to an awesome series but... When is season 1 going to rereleased with the actual U.S. aired pilot included ??? Enough with the contract disputes and rights wrangling, 
Great Movie. This is, without doubt, one of the funniest movies the late, great John Candy ever made. Richard Crenna is great as the rich, snobby dentist who thinks he 
Dark Passage. Wiktor Grodecki s Body Without Soul invites the courageous to the prequel of his sensationally dark film, Mandragora. This graphic film depicts the appalling process by which young 
autisc comedy. mozart is a funny but serious movie. rahda and josh sometimes can make you laugh and cry. film looks great ,wonder why it went straight to video  
great acting. Very good film with a great cast. Reese and Wahlberg are wonderful in their roles and play them to perfection, Walhberg especially. Very much worth watching owning  
The Venice of Summertime is magical, extraordinary, unique, romantic, and beautiful... Summertime had been adapted from Arthur Laurents successful stage play, The Time of the Cuckoo. It was David Lean 
The Best!. I ve tried several Pilates videos, but they all seem impersonal and are either way too challenging for a novice like myself, or feel like simple movement with 
This is a MUST SEE !. I so thorougly enjoyed this film. The acting, story line, cinematography were all excellent.It showed the sadness and joy of life that sometiems occur 
Good but darker than the first. I loved the first two dvds of this anime and this one continues the story effectively and gives good backstory for Rosette, Chrono, and 
Sequel Time. Ingrid Bergman looks lustrous, her skin aglow, as though they fed them nothing but cream in that convent. No wonder she turned a million little American boys onto 
Christmas Joy. This movie is too funny, the scene at the abc store and the sisters . That s all I m going to say this is a must have 
One Laugh After Another!. This film cracks me up! I have watched it numerous times over the years and I still find every scene just as funny as I did 
 This is not just about re-animating the dead anymore. We can create new life! . I Love the Re-Animator films simply because of the hidden element of humor they 
So pleasant and pleasing. Worthwhile watching! Very well written, acted, etc. Pleasant to watch more than once. The expressions of the actors are priceless! There is such a warm feeling 
Very strong, fresh production. I thought this was a wonderful version of this play. Lange is a wonder to watch as she struggles to keep her marriage and her life 
Hollywood This The Type of Movies We Want!. I always this dislike those raunchy humor comedies always with some expections like Harold and Kumar , many to list but In 
Defective DVD. . . . Be prepared for a problem with episode 7. I ve owned four different discs of volume 2. Episodes 5, 6, and 8 play fine but 
Cool Dance Moves. My 21 mo. old daughter loves this video. She can t really do the dance steps yet, I m sure she will when she s a little 
Great Great Great!. I ve been meaning to write this for over a year - this DVD is great. It is not too long, and it gives a good workout. 
For once, the American version is better. Yes, it s recut, rewritten, rescored, dubbed, and chopped down from two separate films. Yet even my Japanese friends agree: this version of 
Don t Be a Stunad! See This Movie!. I saw this movie in the theatre back in 1986 and enjoyed it immensely. The critics, with Siskel and Ebert being one 
great. such a kiddie classic..so cute im 22 and had to have this because i loved it as a ki  
Love Comes From Nowhere. This was one of the best gay orientated love stories I have ever seen, next to A Home at the End of the World . Just 
A real Thriller. Henry Hathaway directed a real thriller with THE DARK CORNER. It has a great story. I really liked it. The cinematography is just perfect for the genre. 
You will either love it or Hate it. People who watch this movie either love it or hate it.  
Excellent, easy, energizing practices. I LOVE these practices! They go so well with the longer Yoga Conditioning for Weight Loss. The A.M practice is my particular favorite, it really gets 
Pitch Black review. I mainly purchased this movie as the first companion to The Chronicles of Riddick. I actually liked this movie, however I liked the Chronicles better.  
Like watching a 17-hour long Movie A GREAT ONE . I thought this would be a stupid show that the network would cancel after 10 episodes. How do you make 
A GREAT Film!. I did not know what to expect when I fist saw this film...and found the pacing slow...but more engaging than the first M.N.S. Bruce Willis film. The 
Don t judge this by the theatrical release!. This film was a decent historical action piece in the theatrical release even though it didn t do well. I think this 
Based on a true story. Al Pacino stars in this drama comedy film directed by Sidney Lumet, the film is about Sonny Pacino who along with his partner Sal decide 
Good adaptation. Remake of the classic Steinbeck short novel and 1939 screen gem, which starred Burgess Meredith and Lon Chaney, Jr. Here John Malkovich plays Lenny, and he is excellent 
Worth the money. I loved watching these games, all five games of the 1991 NBA Finals between the Lakers and Bulls. Games 2, 4, and 5 have the classic NBA 
Death Race 200. A Comedic campy film. Should enter the Cult Classic Category along side Rocky Horror Picture Show and others. I gave it to my oldest grandson, in college, 
there s just something about it. Yes, it s drivel. Great art it ain t. But it s got a couple of interesting plot twists, a generous dollop of humor 
The Best DIO DVD. This DVD has taken some heat for Dio s voice not being up to usual standards. I agree, he is obviously bothered by a cold or 
Journey to the Center of the Earth. Milo Thatch is a young man obsessed with finding Atlantis. The obsession already destroyed his grandfather and is now about to end his 
Bang The Drum Slowly. This sad, moving film showcases emerging brilliance of young DeNiro, with the underrated Moriarty also turning in a superb performance. Both baseball fans and devotees of 
so0o0o cute. i love this movie so much and i m thirteen. it makes me feel so happy on a rainy day. angel and scamp are so cute, and the 
Best season of the New episodes. In my book, season 5 was the start of the New episodes after they get back from London . The seasons prior to that 
The summit for movies for serious adults. CONTROVERSIAL CLASSICS VOLUME 2: THE POWER OF MEDIA is one of the crown jewel disk boxed sets in my private DVD library. It 
Great Holloween Movie. This is great Holloween movie to watch to get you in the spirit! I watch it numerous times every year right before Holloween with my little sister. 
Gatsby, you dog. This is such a beautiful adaptation of one of the finest novels ever composed. From the cast to the wardrobe and everything in between. The delivery of 
doesn t connect the dots. Three films, Ring 0, Ringu & Ringu 2 and Rasan the original Ringu 2 was not given official sequal status because it was such a 
NOT BAD BUT NOT THE SAME. This movie has no one from the orginial cast execpt for Jims Dad and Sherman. Its a good movie but its not the same 
funny. A little heavy on the unfortunate accidents of the main character, but still a great comedy  
Very weird in a good way. Fando & Lis is like watching what is going on in someones imagination when they are dreaming. Its very surreal and will have you 
Funny Movie. My husband and I happened to catch this movie on PBS about 1 year ago and laughed so much we had to own it. Doris Day and Rod 
The DVD lives up to customer reviews. I bought this based on the customer reviews and had it for about one month now. My 8 month old absolutely loves it 
 Damn you for letting him go . I like a good horror film, and this is among the best. I just watched it again for the umpteenth time this 
&quot;SAY IT AGAIN!&quot;. This movie was a howl!Whenever I encountered any diffaculty in my 6 years in the R.O.T.C National Guard I would always think back to this flick for 
Drifter stumbles into a small town murder. Otto Preminger s deft directing and production crafted the hard boiled film noir Fallen Angel , with the aid of an accomplished cast, 
She is a Bold Soul Sister. Wow, it s about time we have Ike & Tina footage--not just the 20 second clips or 1 minute clips. The energy that Tina 
 . This is one of my two favorite animated films, along with My Neighbor Totoro .But whereas I recommend Totoro to everyone - and have given away several copies 
Great Deal Overall!!!. If you love the classics I do , this is the ultimate set.198 films for 1500.00?When you break it down you re paying roughly 7.50 a film. 
Is This Supposed To Be A Comedy??? Please Advise. In this movie we see Charlie Sheen whose real life antics used to be a lot funnier than this movie.In this 
very funny. This movie has great humor, effects and is very witty. From the sad sack robot to the two faced literally space captain the characters are well written and 
GREAT SHOW, GREAT PACKAGING, GREAT QUALITY!. Of course this show gets all 5 stars. It is a classic. As a child I was facinated by She-Ra and her twin brother, 
Great Foreign Movie. This was one of the best movies I have ever seen. Exciting story with attractive stars and very sensual. I recommend this movie very strongly  
Finally the wait is over. Since I was a child I have patiently anticipated the battle of evil versus evil. It was discussed in school yards and in the lunch 
My favorite scene. This movie is really cute. Fluffy and not too deep but really funny. Meg Ryan is in rare form. I love the scene at the sidewalk cafe 
Pure Nostalgia. I m a nostalgic person and this is a nostalgic movie. Great recreation of the late 60s early 70s era. I distinctly remember road trips in my family 
Gospel according to John. This is the best, most human yet divine portrayal of Jesus I have ever seen. His way with people is inspiring and something we can try 
One of my favs!. I can not even tell you how many times i have watched this movie. This is probably the most natural performance I have ever seen from 
One of Torchlight s acceptable releases. A Housewife Named Brandi is typical of Torchlight s releases. An almost non-existent story with horrible, pointless dialog ties together several very long sex 
Western Movies. Once again, Sam Elliott does a super acting job in this entertaining film of life in the Old West. Katherine Ross was excellent as a widowed stepmother with 
Where s The Rest?. This is a really good pilot, but in the end you re left wanting more. The problem is that so far I haven t been able 
the futures only hope is the president of the nra charlton heston. ok sue me,i love this piece of cheese from the 70 s. a remake of sorts of the 
What is Reality?. Arnold Schwarzenegger is a simple laborer living like a wealthy guy until he visits a place that will give him the memories of a vacation to Mars. 
Season 2. Okay, I have season 1, pre-ordered it and all, man I was rolling, just having flashbacks when this came on a regularly when I was younger. Season 1 
Perfect on time delivery. Collected my items from the hotel a day before schedule! Good job!  
Not your typical medical drama. If your not already hooked on the story of these interns you have some catching up to do. Its not your typical medical drama and 
the rookie. great inspirational movie, very well done..i had goosebumps when jim morris enters the game near the end of the fil  
Gene Kelly. Always loved to watch Gene Kelly sorry Fred Astaire and this is his classic intro  
Sit down evil dead & dead alive!. Based on a story by H.P. Lovecraft, this campy send-up follows an egotistical medical student Jeffrey Combs who develops a serum that revives 
Great Bonus Features, A Young Cast. The popular 80 s film Rumble Fish is now available in a special edition. The classic film was directed by Francis Ford Coppola. Rumble 
The original Zombies!. Creepy, good old horror flick. They just don t make them like that anymore  
Great movie with many lessons. I stumbled upon this movie on cable and am glad I did. Other reviews identify that this movie is about three people, each speaking different 
GOOD MOVIE. This was an entertaining movie, which is more than I can say for some other movies that get rave reviews. I guess everyone sees things differently, therefore, form 
Strat Pack. This DVD is a great addition to any Rock and Roll library. I especially enjoyed Joe Walsh and David Gilmour.  
Two guy heroes, only one girl does not a chick flick make... Most people think Sleepless is meant to please a female audience, but I think it is a dad 
This is one of the best movies ever made. The proformances are just great and wicked in a good way.Especially Sarah Michelle Gellar who put the best proformance in the 
Anderson s World... It s rather difficult to review a film like Steve Zissou and the Life Aquatic. Wes Anderson is truly one of my favorite directors. Starting his career 
Healing Yoga: Aches and Pains. Be prepared to heal and relax with this complete instructional video. Also perfect for beginners with alittle bit of modification-or not. The video is clear 
Wow!. Love this DVD SO much! The actors are super, and the story is hilarious!If you liked the first one, GET this one  
Legendary musical!. Can Can was the film that launched to overseas stages to Shirley Mac Laine one of the ten American actresses ever born. Based in the famous musical of 
Strong Performances By Jane Fonda and Jeff Bridges. What makes The Morning After worth watching is Jane Fonda s performance and Sidney Lumet s direction. What makes the movie a 
It s all about the Hulk. The best part of this DVD is the Hulk. They could have easily renamed and sold this DVD as the Incredible Hulk vs the 
the over sensitive Italian Americans need to chill out... I am saying this as an Italian American myself.. Quit bashing the show because it portrays are small portion of Italian 
Rebel Without a Cause. A classic movie that mirrors the time when the United States was in the midst of prosperty following World War II. After years of rationing goods, 
2nd best Leone Western. Awesome movie not o the scale of the good the bad and the ugly, but excellent in its own right  
Just to see her smile. I bought The worst Witch move for baby girls 25th, birthday. when she opened this gift, The look on her face was well worth the 
Splendid!!!. I found this movie wonderful, delightful and fantastic. All the actors played superbly. Ms Houston s a great singer, and I hope that she will delight us again with 
see the cosmic dancer in concert. This is one of the best documents of the glam era of 70 s rock on video..Marc Bolan was at the absolute zenith of 
Ecxellent movie. Not a gore fest movie. It is supensefull and thoughtfull. It s a wild drug trip with the characters all strung out on laudanum. Surreal imagery mixed with 
Backstreet Boys. This Dvd is great because you can see the making of some videos and interviews with the boys. If you are a BSB fan you can add this 
Combination movie. This is one of those movies that has a little bit of everythingin it. If you are feeling like watching a romantic movie and your husband is wating 
Use it in Class. I teach high school Economics and show this video to every class. I have seen it myself over 50 times and still love it every time. 
A Quite Different, But Still Magnificent, Studio Ghibli Anime. During the first few minutes of Porco Rosso , I was thinking, okay, this is.....different. It s good but I don 
DDDDDDDDDDDDDDWIGHT..... Fantastic, brings back memories when he first started out. Love every bit of it. Body, voice and soul, he got it ALL  
Everything a movie should be. This movie is what the Star Wars prequels should have been. It s got all the elements of a movie classic; good vs evil, action, 
its got Sam Ritter who is a um... ...gay porn star. That s right, the actor who played evil ed, steve geoffreys has this pseudoynm Sam Ritter who did gay 
Under rated sort of buddy movie. Peirce really suprised me in this movie. He was always so pretty in his movies, he showed that he can play dirty . An 
one of my favorites. I don t expect anything more of a movie than to enjoy it and be entertained. I don t seek to psychoanalyze or offer up in-depth 
Damnation in the Pennsylvania coalfields. The Molly Maguires is the kind of film that would simply never be made today: a major studio picture about social injustice and betrayal in 
Another vote to hang the video editor. This show and disc is everything good that s already been written, so I won t rehash it, but the one thing that 
FINALLY!!. I have been wanting to pick up this obscure movie for years, ever since I first watched it some 12 years ago. Unfortunately, up until now it has been 
The Coneheads. Great 90 s flick. A little campy, but has a wonderful supporting cast with numerous cameo appearances from some well remembered talents, such as Sinbad and Chris Farley.It 
Review and answer to previus question. Great, great movie!NAVY BEAN: The guys are yelling Regulators! not regulations .That s what they called themselves....a title given to them by the gentleman 
For all young at heart aged 2 to 122 years of age. A really exquisite movie that will make you laugh, cry, and keep putting it on again for moreThe 
Docu-underdogs. It s a testament to how powerful this movie is that I didn t care in the slightest about the subject matter, and yet still was very emotionally affected 
An amazing and easy way to experience Sushi and Sashimi. My experience with Ken s Sushi Video was great !!!It is a very simple way to see and learn the 
A Different Kind of Buddy Movie. In this unique type of buddy movie we see how easily friendship and tolerance flourish amid the paranoia of the day.David is a college 
Essential for naughty boys...and politicians. I first saw this great movie in one my senior political science classes in college. I remember most of the guys laughed, others were bored, 
Better Than I Expected. There are times when I think I m the only person in America who wasn t abused by his parents; my students frequently write about such 
Darshan: The Embrace. Pure Inspiration. Darshan: The Embrace, is truly a film of great inspiration. Rather than focusing on Amma s verbal teachings, the film exquisitely zooms in on Amma 
Great Movie. This was wonderfully made and the actor did Shakespeare justice. I would recommend this movie to all lovers of Shakespeare and lovers in general  
Epic in every sense of the word. Il Gattopardo Luchini Visconti, 1963 Luchino Visconti s three-hour epic of the fall of the Italian aristocracy still rings as powerfully today as 
Hitchcock like trains. It may be his favorite venue. There are so many possibilities. This is a spy thriller. It works on several levels, with quite of bit of comedy 
Zombi 2 s Easter Egg Revealed!. Okay, let s be brief: If you didn t grow up in the horror lovin 80 s or are not an established fan of 
The Greatest Gift Ever. I gave this DVD to my husband for Valentine s Day and he still talks about it everyday a couple of months later. We both sit 
There must forever be a guardian at the gate from Hell... PLOT: The film first begins at a monastery in Northern Italy. A group of priests are pledging allegiance to 
VERY ENTERTAINING FOR YOUNG AND OLD!. It is getting to the point where Hollywood is turning out better cartoon features than good comedies! I have watched all the CGI movies 
Outwit. Outplay. Outlast. 3.5 5 stars Listless beings meandering about the mall aimlessly, ashen-faced with blank stares; where is the horror in that? Sounds like a typical Sunday afternoon at 
This isn t as bad as other reviewers make out but... This is actually a very spirited performance with some excellent playing from Peter and the band. The video is 
Not the definitive version, but ultimately moving and powerful. The Crucible is considerably simplified from the play. Despite Arthur Miller handling the adaptation himself, so much of the historical detail 
A beautiful cinematic experience without flaw. The reputation of Bernardo Bertolucci s LAST TANGO IN PARIS precedes it. Film critic Pauline Kael famously proclaimed it to be the most powerfully 
Awww... This movie is incredible. It has a great way of deminstating how judgemental people that shouldn t be judgemental are. This movie catches your heart and you get wrapped 
Challenging but fun! Loved it!. Most movements introduced in this DVD are fast and a little complicated for beginners. If you ve never taken a dance lesson before, you ll 
Genius. Putting it simply, this film is the work of a genius. As a Tom Stoppard fanatic, I adored it from the moment I read the play, which was even 
It gets no better!. An absolutely amazing collection of Scrantonistic comedy! If you like the show, you ll love this collection of episodes, bonus clips, and deleted scenes. Enjoy  
What a good laugh!!!. Very funny, something everyone can relate to in one way or another.A show that will have you laughing and leave you wanting more!!  
Quinn and Hayworth s Pasadoble remains one of the movie s best remembered moments... The Mark of Zorro and Blood and Sand confirmed Rouben Mamoulian s enduring concern with drama 
Great Classic. The O Henry video collection is very entertaining, offering glimpses of major stars in their early films  
Hips, Thighs and Abs...good but short. The Firms Hips, Thighs and Abs is a 35 mins workout which is performed on the floor firm signature box. Its a good, toning 
THE EXTENDED CUT IS WORTH IT IF.... If you do not currently own Crimson Tide, then this is a must buy DVD for you. This version is much better than 
 First and Farewell is First and Foremost for All Fans!. Dedication at the beginning of the disc: To everyone who s been here forever - thanks for the ride. 
Foolish. 1969 was not only notable for the Apollo 12 spaceflight--Apollo 9, 10, and 11 happened too.Makes me wonder how seriously to take an earlier writer s comments. I ll 
A simple and cute kids movie. My four year old loved this movie. The plot was very simple and easy to follow, nothing too complicated for her. The animation was 
A good movie, interesting twist on Vampire werewolf legends. The unrated edition adds about 12 minutes of footage to the film, but honestly, I did not notice a huge difference, 
Suspenseful Masterpiece by The Italian Hitchcock !!. What would we do without the internet? Ok maybe what would I do without it. With Unsane the heavily edited version of Tenebre 
Quack. Before Fulci earned his title of the Godfather Of Gore , which enhanced and to some, ruined his reputation, Fulci made this very entertaining giallo film. I m not 
Well worth waiting for. I had been really excited about the discovery and the release on DVD of Beyond The Rocks and I m happy to say it was worth 
Not Another Teeny Bopper Movie. This movie surprised me. I expected something like She s All That, one of the better teen movies to me ...or maybe something less than 
A magical journey about making your dreams come true!!!. I saw Field of Dreams in 1989 at the theater with my wife and cried my eyes out at the end 
I love this movie. First saw this movie when I was 16 at a friends house. Loved it. Saw it on TV a few years ago, and still loved it. 
3-Way. Why people hate this movie so much, I will probably never figure out...But, really, it s pretty damn good. I m a big Prison Break fan and this movie 
non star cinema. this is a movie that seems to be a star movie but does not even pretend to do so; we are always with the loser - what 
Tiki Fan Loves Blue Hawaii & Mai Tai s. The spirit of Tiki is alive & well in Blue Hawaii with Elvis, his BEST film! Everything seems to work in 
Classical Superhero Anime Casshan. Like Gatchaman and the upcoming Karas which is an anime meant to reignite the anime superhero , Casshan is a superhero anime, which is a rare 
The Best. This is an incredible action movie by any standard. It captures ugly acts by ugly people in an ugly city in the rain - but does it beautifully.The 
Still scary. The Exorcist the original is one of the scariest movies ever produced. It s as scary today as when I watched it all those years ago.  
BRILLIANT! A MUST FOR ANYONE WHO LISTENS TO ROCK, BLUES, AND OR HEAVY METAL. ONE OF THE BEST LIVE DVD S EVER MADE!. In 1964, the Yardbirds went Famous. The 
A Superb Tragedy. Like its title, House of Sand and Fog is dark, brooding and takes it time. Two characters find themselves both totally invested in owning the same house. 
I Love Lucy too. The remastering they ve done makes these a joy to watch with no distractions from scratches, pops, etc.. It s interesting to hear some of the 
Awe inspiring!. I really don t know how you could give this DVD a bad review. This is Dave at his finest, backed by a superb ensemble, in a totally 
confused.. Does anyone know if the version of Suicide Club in this box set is the same as the Unrated version? Or is it like the rated R version? I 
breed. This movie takes the viewer into the future and lingers in the past. Two men with opposite pasts must forge a partnership to save the fate of mankind. Their 
Herskovitz and Zwick bring the drama of divorce to prime time television. I do not know if I can take another television series created by Marshall Herskovitz and Edward Zwick. 
DA BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I PURCAHSED THIS DVD LAST YEAR SO I COULD IT USE ON THE DAYS I CAN T GET TO THE GYM, AND IT CRACKED IN THE CENTER AND 
Warriors of the Vatican. This is based on the book VAMPIRE by John Steakley. James Woods is a cynical vampire hunter and leads a team sanctioned by the Vatican. But 
Great Comedy. If you like fast past comedy, this is the movie for you. This is an all time classic. Cagney gives a great performance. I wasn t much a 
 You ve never been a mole, you won t understand. . Infernal Affairs is one fascinating movie with a great premise. This has been a reasonably popular movie that 
Widescreen and fantastid. I happened upon this movie on IFC or some other channel and then had to buy it. What a knock-out. The plot is truly twisted and I 
Miracle at Oxford is Fantastic!!!!. This movie is absolutely fantastic, and this film has captured the magic of the race perfectly. But, I believe that if you are not a 
Another widescreen review. PICTURE QUALITY = 4-SOUND QUALITY = 5 The overall picture quality is pleasant and satisfying. Color is nice but pxilazation is very present in the begining of 
Very good for viewers who don t always need to take sides. What I like most about this film is its characters. There s a Harvard professor, a depressed psychologist, 
Kill the soulful ballad at the end. I am referring to the last ballad called My heart, farewell that was mercifully omitted on the CD. It ruined the whole show. 
One of Almodovar s Best Films. This is certainly not his first film Pepi, Luci, Bom y otras chicas del monton, is his first film . It s a great 
Fun Romantic Comedy for an Evening s View. Hubby and I have finally solved our problem of being unable to understand English accents that are other than what one hears 
Good, but drawn out. This show started out VERY well, MUCH better than Oz. However, as the episodes dragged on, the show became very repetitive. I will not be purchasing 
One of the best-especially for toddlers. I had to get the new Baby Einstein DVD for my 19 month old daughter. She loves BE and I knew she would enjoy 
 Reciprocity Mr. Hutchins.. Is the Key to Every Relationship .. Anytime I think of this movie, I think of this brutally truthful line.. James Cromwell s Captain Dudley Smith 
Strange but engaging. I got this movie by mistake but wasn t disappointed. It is defitely not vampire movie but rather an attempt to some phylosophical sharade about love and 
Essential horror splatter film. Every now and then, a film comes along that remains timeless and treasured for generation after generation, awaiting to be discovered by new viewers. This isn 
incredible. This film is an excellent documentary. Comical, funny, sad, honest and more all in one film. A must see for anyone who likes independent film or Throat singing! . 
Held my attention. I enjoyed this movie quite a lot. The layered reality writers playing writers playing actors playing themselves keeps you on your toes. The cinematic device of organic 
Excellent Nostalgic Entertainment. The movie doesn t really begin until Nolte gets Murphy out of the slammer. As he s walking towards his cell Murphy is singing away to the 
Trinity Collection. I liked: They Call Me Trinity and Trinity is still my name. Boot Hill wasn t near as good  
Sleepy Q. Craig Shoemaker..what can I say, crazy, funny...just plain nuts......DVD quality...not so good...the picture was a little grainy and the sound fell out a few times, but other than 
The Intersection Of Film, Fact, And Genius - Unforgettable. At its core, this is a film about what happens when a person defies the system, any system. It is the 
A Powerful Courtroom Drama that Still Resonates. The military courtroom drama, A Few Good Men is one of those films, that through endless cable showings seems to have taken a 
Damn few left. This movie depicts a very intense feeling of the loss felt by veterans after a fallen friend is gone. I like this movie a lot because it 
Cavett At His Best. I loved this collection of Cavett comedic greats.These are a special treat, well worth purchasing  
A &quot;Beau Geste&quot; for the Modern Era. I grew up watching &quot;Beau Geste&quot; which is a film which deserves to be on DVD and all other films about the French 
Wow! I, For One, Was Surprised. Sean Penn writing directing duties and a bit more, but not acting and Jack Nicholson team up for The Crossing Guard -- a surprisingly 
FANTASTIC!!!. This set is fantastic. I just started using it two weeks ago and am already starting to notice a difference... not major, but a difference. Believe me, this set 
What is justice?. I have long awaited this movie to be released on DVD. A great suspense story that taps into that internal desire to have justice metted out. Would 
Down and Out in Arkansas. Lucy Fowler sleeps around, has big issues with her father, hasn t kissed a man since High School without being drunk and generally thinks little 
Arnold Fan!. Hey, what can I say, the movie is a classic Schwarzenegger, I have seen it many times and I m glad to have it in my collection  
Ohhhhhh Mah Luve, Mah Darleeng ...... When I first saw the trailers for Ghost, it was marketed like a thriller, but the surprise cam when I realized that it is 
How do you like THEM apples?. Had a friend once who snickered at my enthusiasm for this movie. The brainless cretin described it a chick flick and I had to 
Hell upside down!!!!!. This is a truly great film. The Poseidon Adventure remains to be one of the ulimate classics in disaters films. The storyline is very simple, when an 
Stunning. Continues where Volume 5 s cliffhanger left off; the first episode is a bit serious, but the last two make up for it with a mass amount of crazy 
Poison Ivy: A Classic. This is the classic Bad-Girl Befriends Wallflower And Turns Her Family s Life Upside Down Story. Good talent here too. This is to the Gen X 
Very Funny. I ve been a fan of this show for a long time. It just gets better and better  
A Diamond in the Rough!!!. I loved this Movie ..I connected on some level to the Love of my life in my younger days and I could feel the wonderful 
Enjoyed it and learned. Really worth seeing to learn about the life and talent of Budd Boetticher. The collectors edition allows you to watch for the elements of the film 
Rooster Cogburn. A fitting sequal to true grit , Kate Hepburn and John Wayne together, you cant lose....  
amazing. Curb Your Enthusiasm Season 2 is flatout amazing. It is by far the best show on television. Season 2 is full of laughs. Well, any show with Larry David 
Sweet true to life coming of age, coming out story. I lived this and felt like my diary was being read outloud to everyone I knew and didn t know. 
Haunting Mystery with Supernatural Elements -- Reverent, Beautiful, Brilliant. The Mothman Prophecies is one of those rare films where everything magically works resulting in a magnificent piece of cinematic art.Richard 
I always liked M.A.Y. Well that s season 3. When will we have season 4?I ll try to remember to play Giblets for Murray next Thanksgiving when the turkey s 
Absolutely love this DVD. My son loves these dvd s. I was suprised to see that some thought so badly of it. We have some of the baby einstein s 
Pretty remarkable debut. Whenever people hear of Sofia Coppola they think of 2 things: her much-maligned performance in Godfather III, and her famous dad Francis Ford Coppola, director of the 
One of Master s Most Optimistic, Profound, And Warm Films. I first saw Wild Strawberries many years ago at one of the special screenings in the small theater in Moscow. 
So right in every way. If you aren t already a fan of Michelle Williams or Kirsten Dunst this will make you a fan.As for a review of this, the 
A classic must see movie. This was Burt Lancaster at his best. This classic love storey with a military setting was great. The other actors Montgomery Clift and actresses also 
You can t please everyone. Many people were angry because of the 20 loss and 5 gain with the screen size but I hardly notice it. I have never seen 
Deep Star Six. Good movie if you can appreciate its time. It holds nothing to these new space age special effects horror movies. I love the horror movies of the 
possibly the best world war II inspired movie. i was utterly surprised by this one which i expected to be a run-of-the-mill, albeit good war drama. gregory peck stars as 
Disney at its best. Unfortunately there have been some negative reviews towards this film, which in my opinion is one of Disney s best motion pictures. The art is gorgeous 
Grand entertainment, MGM style!. China Seas isn t a profound or lasting classic, but it is a rip-roaring example of just how entertaining the studio system could be at its 
Raw emotion constantly bubbling under the surface. A room with a view. A fragile young man trying to coap with the greatest, most shocking tragedy of my time. An endless 
ALL QUIT ON THE WESTERN FRONT. I really enjoyed this movie. Not the typical John Boy movie. I have not seen the original, although I have recently purchased it. I 
Genesis Trilogy: Part Deux. Most intelligent movie critics like the even numbered Star Trek movies II, IV, VI because they believe the the odd numbered ones I, III, V are 
The Forgotten War. I purchased this to view with my students while discussing the War of 1812. It did a fantastic job of laying out the second war with Britain 
Teusdays with Mauri. Terriffic Movie just shows how some people make the most of thier lives and tackle the cruelest of diseases with dignity and an inspirational inner stregnt  
INDY. AWESOME COLLECTION!George Lucas created another amazing trilogy!For existing fans, or just curious buyers, thisis a great find! The movies have something for everyone:action, comedy, and an intricate plot in 
Light and witty. In lieu of the recent fury for the highly appraised movie Brokeback Mountain, I went and bought this movie. I have seen Get Real a few years 
Spectacular adaption of a true masterpiece. This is one of the greatest, most spectacular movie trilogies ever made, from one of the most brilliant works of literature of the 20th 
One of the Best. The first time I did this workout, I made it through, maybe 30 minutes before I was DYING! It kicks your butt big time. I ve 
Better than expected. I rented this movie expecting the worst. This movie is suprisingly good. I love the storyline and the ending. Definately recommended  
Best Christmas movie !!!!!!. I and my family as well as friends I have shared this with we all just love it!!!!!! Preformances are wonderful!!!! And one that inspires the 
Dick Van Dyke Rocks!. Thats all their is too it. Dick Van Dyke rocks! I love this show. I still watch it sometimes on I TV. The earlier seasons are 
What s In A Name?. This 1999 film directed by Istvan Szabo, although three hours long, has a lot going for it. Set in Hungary the movie covers three generations 
The jokes still work. My wife is Russian, and grew up under Communism... this film left both of us laughing so hard we had to keep pausing the DVD to 
Women as the special saviour and go-between. That old silent film is of course a classic. It comes from the German school of horror films in the 1920s. It is 
A Great Place to Start!. This is the best beginner s yoga video out there, period. Alan Finger s soothing voice and detailed instruction guides the student through a 60 
Tight Ass Cop Movie!. The movie Colors is much more brutal & realistic than Boyz In Tha Hood, Menace II Society or New Jack City, its kind of like a 
A classic when I was little and a classic for all time. I first saw this film in my early teens. My mother said that she thought that I would 
Best of the best!. For years, this has been my favorite movie of all time. Das Boot is a triumph of technological innovation in film making, the type of which 
Borrowed Hearts. A family holiday movie for everyone. Shows you that loves happens when we least expect it . A must have for holiday movie collections  
One of Ozon s true masterpieces!. The director once again dives into human s soul. And the result is an extraordinary portrait of grief, that hounts you for days after 
The hardest I ve ever laughed in a theater. I saw this in L.A.-- and what made me laugh even harder were the people grabbing their coats and leaving. What 
Heartwarming. Satisfying. Vindicating. Heroic,. I wasn t expecting much when I dropped this 1998 movie into the DVD player...There is a lot to commend itself. Matt Damon gives a convincing 
Stunning. Great story. Great actors. Beautiful scenery and colors. My favorite movie  
Is that smoke I smell?. If you re like me and I know I am , you appreciate the curse of the post-modern man; that is, being born AFTER all 
Excellent Science Fiction Thriller!. Predator is one of my favorite science-fiction thrillers starring Arnold Schwarzenegger. When I first saw this film I thought it was going to be another formulaic 
awesome. Overall, this is an extremely awesome concert. I am a big fan of DT, and like pretty much all their stuff. The performance itself is pretty good, although the 
The second best alternative Christmas classic since A Christmas Story. Having no idea this was a Christmas movie when we rented it, I have a new tradition to pop this 
Something quite different from Hollywood. Korean film is growing in many good ways, in ways that set it apart from the mindless tripe that comes out of Hollywood nowadays. Address 
A Few Good Men. As always with Amazon I recieved my purchase in perfect condition  
An Extrodinarily Good Thriller. This movie is about a detective Alex Cross who is struggiling to figure out the mind of a serial kidnapper and murderer who goes by the 
No More Close Ups. If you love football strategy, good passing game then watching any highlights of the 80 s and early 90 s San Francisco 49ers is great.I wish 
Well balanced war drama starring Henry Fonda. I could relate to Henry Fonda s character Colin Spence in the 1943 film Immortal Sergeant a lot more than some of the 
A Holiday Classic. Mickey s Christmas carol was a childhood favourite of mine and I have been searching for it for years. Now that I have found it I am 
Prove me wrong, Silent Bob. When I first saw the TV previews for this movie I immediately thought it would be a deathmarch through the formulaic wasteland that is a 
Hysterical. This is a seriously funny movie about fashion, love, and New York City.I saw it in a theater in Montana this summer, and laughed my a# off.Very enjoyable  
Wonderful Fantasy Films. Great films that do justice to the legacy of the Jim Henson Company.  
Anime to make you think. This is definitely thinking people s anime. GitS masterfully incorporates rich animation with a fast paced and deeply interwoven plot line. Watching the episodes as 
BARBIE NUTCRAKER & RAFUNZEL. ITS VERY GOOD EVEN IT ALL USED ITEM BUT STILL VERY GOO  
stick with it. Losey s The Servant is a film you really have to stick with in order to get to the meat and potatoes. It s almost like two 
I enjoy this workout!. I love the way Keli instructs, and after a couple times I can do the whole 50 minutes workout without straining myself much. I can see 
great movie. its a great movie. bette midler is great in thisoriginal and entertaining movieive watched it over and over and dont get tiredof its hilarity  
GORGEOUS TRANSFER!!! HDTV AT ITS BEST!!!. Is this what we were all waiting for??YES!!!Incredible image. Crisp. Rich. Full of detail. Incredible contrast. Amazing colors. This is exactly what HDTV is 
I love this movie!. This movie is such a classic! I especially commend the acting talents of not only Robert DeNiro, but that young Judith Thomas! She was robbed of 
Funny. This is a funny movie! Tyler Perry is a great and funny actor  
Raiders still tops, Crusade close second. I bought this set primarily for Raiders of the Lost Ark, which was too difficult to find on its own, and I m glad 
An unfortunately disappointing sequel. Keanu Reeves was written out of this unfortunately disappointing sequel to the 1994 megahit SPEED. Sandra Bullock has a new co-star,Jason Patric and they are transporting 
This One Is A Real Tear Jerker... Not For Faint At Heart!. I have seen this movie two times and am purchasing it on DVD, because it deserves to be 
A VERY POWERFUL ANIMATION. I will try to provide a short version of what is going on in these shows. The main protagonist enters, or to state it better, he 
a funny, gentle, touching gem from Norway. This sweet, low-key film from Norway took me by surprise. It unfolds slowly, with dry wit and growing affection, as two middle-aged men, 
HD-DVD at its verry best ,thank you EAGLES. WOW mind blowing high definition coded in VC-1 and the sound is a challenge to any souround system this is a must 
Indie gem...Paxton can act... Like most people, I saw this first on cable. About the same time, I saw Sean Penn s directorial debut, The Indian Runner . I had 
A trip down nostalgia lane... If you d follow Danny Kaye anywhere, follow him here. He s at his clever, sometimes apparently improvisational musical best as he brings us the 
A NICE CHANGE OF PACE FOR ARNOLD. TWO LONG LOST GENTICALLY DESIGNED TWIN BROTHERS [ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER AND DANNY DEVITO] FINALLY MEET EACH OTHER AT THE AGE OF 35. VERY FUNNY 
Tearjerker if I ever saw one. This is one of the most moving films I ve ever seen and it still moves me today. I love biopics A Beautiful Mind, 
A Very Strange And Dark Thriller: Excellent Film!. I agree with the reveiwer below, that director Shinya Tsukamoto is very underrated. I purchased the film Gemini, several years ago from 
Beautifully Made, Well Acted, Sensitively Written - A Classic. This movie is definitely made the way they used to make em, as some would say - and most reviewers do 
More Action in Blue Bay. Sarah Laine Marie Clifford , Brad Johnson Jay Clifford , Sandra McCoy Elena , Dina Meyer Kristen Richards , and Linden Ashby Michael Morrison , 
Lyrical journey. This great film will stamp an indelible image into your psyche. I saw this at a cinema last year and it has stayed in my mind ever since. 
Best TV show ever. Im a fairly new fan of Alias if you consider 1 year new . But I got this for Christmas and Im lovin it. It s 
Gritty, Believable Drama of the First Order. Without a Trace is gritty, realistic it profits from the extensive input of a former FBI agent , the personal lives of the 
I saw this movie when it first came out on the big screen... This movie scared the hell outta me! I can t wait to see it on DVD!!!The acting 
What a Character!. Robert Evans has had a more interesting life than any character in his movies, and that is no small feat considering Evans is the man who produced 
Angie-nuff said. A very fun movie. Charlie is great. Angie Harmon is the one to watch here though. Wonderful.  
Even better. If you don`t know the Shield You don`t know good TV-shows, together with prisonbreak and X-files this is my nr. 1 TV-show, watch it  
Fundamentals Required. By the time you reach Learn to Dance Salsa three, you should be ready to stop leaning on the instructors for demonstrations and have developed a keen ear 
Lighthearted, fun ode to old screwball comedies. Comedy fans who aren t much interested in classic films may not really get this film. They may get turned off by what 
A very good HD DVD. A very good entertaining adventure film worth the price with a real above average HD Dvd transfer.Very good pictures and sound  
 PURE INSANITY . This is a crazy dumb exciting mind-blowing amazing movie. I ve never seen anything like this before... This movie has many turns in the plot that 
Absurdity of Life. While some parts of the movie appear random, unfunny and dumb, what makes them successful is the scope of the film which is to denote the absurdity 
MY FAVORITE FILM TRILOGY. These three films are all similar and yet different. They are all aout post-war Germany, they are all about women, and they are all about coruption. 
All Dolled Up - a must have. This is an awesome dvd. You will be glued to it and watch it over and over. I didn t notice the deterioration 
An inconvenient truth. 4.5 5 stars Very few films or the books upon which they are based portray the relationship between an adult and an adolescent seriously, preferring instead to 
The Quiet Desperation of Small Cattle Town Life. Hud Bannon Paul Newman lives and works on his father s Melvyn Douglas ranch with his impressionable nephew Brandon de Wilde . 
Exactly. The movies came quick, espcially considering I ordered them during the hoilday season. It was all 3 movies. Perfect quality! Highly recommend for any Dragonball Z Fan  
magical film. This is a lovely film; happy and sad. Do you believe in magic? Magic becomes reality in this film as it equates to love, friendship, perserverance, and the 
Definetly a Treasure! 4 1 2 stars . When reading the back and the paper inside the box about the Video Capture Device, I thought that Weezer had been ripped 
The wait is over!. I have waited years for Hello Down There to be released on video. It is fun for the entire family. It is a shame that family 
Dream a little dream. One of the best love stories written for it s time. Proof again that love endures all. Even my kids love to watch this movie over 
Feel good solid story. Loved this film. It has heart. The production quality was high, the writing was real.  
 The great state of Vermont will not apologize for its cheese! . There s not a lot you need to know about THANK YOU FOR SMOKING, except that it 
Great Collection. I bought All these Separate But there is one thing wrong the invisible man in this does not have a Trailer But other than that Get this if 
This Boy s Life-ROCKS!!!. Wow...this was a great movie...I really enjoyed it but I wouldn t let young kids see it...but anyway it was really good...yay..  
A CLASSIC FILM!. This movie is as good as the novel by Stephen King. Some things were changed, but I still love this film. The effects and actng were great 
The chatter and absolute precision is not a problem... I agree completely with S. Groner....as Leslie herself says, if I go right, and you go left, so what? the important 
classic cindarella story, all the better for being true. this movie -- and the book -- has all the makings of a classic. it educates, tells us about our history, 
Guest Does It Again!. Best in Show is another of the very funny improvisational dialog movies that Christopher Guest has directed. The situations are scripted by Christopher Guest and Eugene 
Gets you moving!. I have 3 of the other 10 minute solution workouts and I enoy those. This one is not exception. It s fun, gets you moving and sweating. 
The Luck Of The Irish, It s Darby O Gill. This movie is one of Disney s gems, and still a bit of the underdog. Everytime we think of Disney 
Presque parfaite. L edition francaise est plus complete et le packaging est en carton du plus bel effet.Sinon les bonus et langues sont identique  
Toning Experts Were Right - This Is Excellent. Toning Experts Were Right - This Is ExcellentThe paper I read Argus Leader ran an article where they had fitness experts review 
go read the book of mormon. i am mormon and im sorry Jmark2001 but i feel i know more about my church and how it was formed than u do. 
Good season... I was always a fan of South Park, and this season had nothing sort of funny moments as well as times when you wonder just what is really 
Peter Pan - Disney animation. Very well done - it brings back childhood memories from long ago  
All That Jazz...Fosse perfection. I ve not seen this movie since it s theatrical release years ago and what a gem to rediscover. The Take Off With Us dance scene 
One word - AMAZING!!!. Before watch this movie i was reading a lot of reviews and now, after watching this movie, i really REALLY don t understand why most of 
Sean Connery returns again as James Bond at 52. Thought that YOU ONLY LIVE TWICE 1967 was Sean Connery s last Bond film? Well after they tried George Lazenby in 
Spot On... The story line was a bit of surprise for Hollywood. A war movie w out blood or combat. Doing a movie about the Old Guard and Arlington during 
DVD Review. A solid seller. I am very satisfied with the product. The product arrived promptly and its quality and condition have been excellent. Thank you  
1980 s Classic. This movie is all about character development of people who are all drastically different. This is a comming of age film for the 1980 s. The acting 
Cheated!!. I ve loved this movie ever since I was a kid, and very first release on VHS is R rated for language, so I was shocked to find the 
SHOCKING MOVIE. This is probably what goes in the mind of alot of young people when they are bullied and pushed around by the neighborhood thug. Everyone at a time 
The Return of the Vampire. Once again Bela Lugosi plays the role that he has made immortal. The movie is a must for Bela Lugosi fans. The name has changed 
taut drama, wonderful comic relief. This is a great film, one in the series of excellent films that Murphy did early in his career that have more creative energy in 
CAGED is a powerful drama with remarkable performances. TROG with Joan Crawford and THE BIG CUBE with Lana Tuner are truly camp classics, but CAGED is a serious and absorbing 
In agreement with other reviews. I agree with what some others have said about this not truly being a step workout. I still really like it though. There is a 
Great show!. Great show, decent dvd. Wish there were more extras -- there really aren t any that are worth it  
Beautiful film based on a wonderful book. This is a seriously sexy story beautifully brought to life on the screen. I loved it. I definitely recommend the book, too. Latin 
That s swell! - Where did this saying come from?. . I dont know where this famous saying saying started, but this movie gets my vote for having the word 
Scarlett ~ John Erman. WIFE LOVE S IT! BOUGHT AT HER REQUEST LUCKY IT S ON DVD; IF IT WAS VHS IT WOULD BE WORN OUT BY NOW  
A popcorn movie that teaches. We need more like this. Mario Van Peebles Posse is a movie with flaws, but it treats its source material with respect. Unlike the shallow 
Great Air America Documentary. This is the real deal story about the founding of Air America Radio with no punches pulled. Even though you get to see the non-stop crisis 
From a clumsy girls point of view. Okay, so I m not a gazelle. I m not graceful and I m not light on my feet. We have an eliptical 
A Really Interesting and Thought Provoking Film. Being a military spouse, I found myself very interested in The Last Detail when I happened to see it a short while ago. 
Lois and Clark progressed the way it should have. While it was uneven at times, the final season wasn t that bad.It began with an epic battle between Kal-El and 
The Best EARNEST!!. Wilde scholars recognize that any staging of Earnest is to be judged by the performance of the character of Lady Bracknell. In this case, Dame Joan Plowright 
one of the most underated movies of all time. This is one great action packed balls to the wall ride. As mentioned above this is a greatly underated movie that 
Best Movie Of 1980!. Hands down a comedy classic. The star power in this movie is ridiculous. They take over the movie in ther own fashion, and you not only 
Delicious. Only 2 gripes. If you haven t heard the title song before I have , you still won t have heard it when the movie is over. Except the 
Awsome infant video!. This was the first Baby Faith video I bought for Daniel when he was 8 months old. I had already tried Baby Einstein and was really disappointed 
Religious and ethical issues still valid. In considering silent films to be shown in our church sanctuary accompanied by pipe organ, I recommended this film because of the weighty issues 
A Great Video. This is the video that got us started with Pilates. We found it challenging and yet relaxing. It gets used over and over.I greatly appreciate the professional 
Tremendous!!. Put a lot of sex in it; that s always nice, Lorenzo protagonist of this film is advised about his novel-in-progress. Sex and Lucia, which contains stories within stories 
One of the best jazz documentaries. I have seen a lot of the many jazz biographies and this one is probably the best. If this isn t the best, it 
Everything you need. All of the DVDs were playable. It has everything you need if you are a Star Trek Movie Fan. The price was the most affordable that I 
Charlie Chan collection, Vol 1. What can be said that already has not? Either you love Charlie or you don t. These are wonderful films.  
Hitch s first colour film and the beautiful Grace Kelly. Although Hitchcock considered this film one of his lesser efforts, DIAL M FOR MURDER based on the hit Broadway play 
Weddy Weddy Wayne. I saw a screening of this and it is the real deal. Filmed in Kingston, JA with all the top dancers in Jamaica. Footage of Bogle, instruction 
Your holidays are set!!!. You ll be officially good to go with these DVD gems that cover the holidays from Thanksgiving way into the New Year. Martha took 3 of 
German Film Noir. Wim Wenders always directs top notch films, and this one is no exception. It is an unusual film noir. It is not in black and white, it 
great even for massage-resistant babies. I bought Baby Tata because I d tried massaging my baby using instructions I found in several books and online articles, but he often got 
A Masterpiece Guaranteed to shed a tear!!!. An extraordinary film, The Remains of the Day, brings to the screen the story of an English butler, during the interwar period and 
must-see documentary. 1 2Don t be surprised if you find yourself throwing things at the screen while watching Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room, a brilliantly effective and meticulously 
WOW! I love this DVD set!. I met Danielle Harris about two weeks ago at a horror convention, and she had a poster with her promoting this DVD set. I 
Seen em All!!!!!!!!!!!!. Tyler Perry is really a blessing in disguise. I went to my moms for a visit and learned that he had the plays out. All of the 
Abraham s Patience. This is a Wonderful movie, I LOVE IT!!!!!! I recommend it to anyone. It encourages others in a similar situation. The characters were really good. Abraham in 
An inspiring series. This six-part series does a great job of telling the story of the rebirth of the State of Israel. There are interviews with and footage of so 
Crime and Punishment, Bresson style. Looking like a French movie but sounding like Russian literature with all the furniture cataloguing removed, Pickpocket is from the days when Bresson still drew 
Good workout, lots of fun and sweat!. As you can tell from my other reviews, I own a lot of Kathy Smith DVD s. The reason is she has solid 
Very good romantic comedy. From an absurd plot - Chicago architect Duchovny falls in love with the much younger woman who unknown to him has received the transplanted heart of 
Goin South and Beyond. I saw this movie when it first came out and time has not changed my mind. It is a funny movie, with my favorite scenes being 
Good Clean Fun. I remember getting up Sunday mornings and watching the little rascals on T.V. as a kid. I m 31, and I still enjoy the madcap stories of 
Fun and Entertaining!. Ignore the critics and naysayers - Most of them wouldn t know entertainment unless it exploded in front of their face - Also, people especially young people 
Landis Delivers the Goods. I thought the film s central premise was too good to be true: a French vampiress who preys on Mafiosi and accidently leaves one of her 
Top Movie. I saw this movie when I was about 15 or 16 and that was a long time ago. I ordered a copy through Amazon and when I watched 
Better than first season. There are more episodes in this season than the first and some better one s, too. The episodes that start out with the hollow deck get 
Celluloid Fiction. A friend of mine suggested that I watch 1998 s Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels... It s the British version of Pulp Fiction, he proclaimed.There is the 
Enjoyable to Do!. We got this as part of the 3-pack Body Sculpting System and it s my favorite DVD of the three. Unlike most of The Firm routines, it 
not perfect...but come on!. Ok, I agree with the other reviews to a degree. There is a moment of freezing on Paul Rogers song. I agree if the goal was 
Five for Bombay, Five for Dr LS. Brings out the best and worst of Bombay, and its tragic characters. Nobody could have done better justice to the city, and to 
UNCUT EPISODES. Every episode so far season s 1 thru 4 are all uncut, the way they are supposed to be. I have every episode on vhs tape that columbia 
Great video set. This is a great video set. I got it as a gift and I love it. It teaches some good techniques in the basic video and I 
Fabulous Thriller That Endures. This a one of the best thriller suspense action films I have ever watched, and I ve seen tons of them for almost 50 years. It 
If you re a fan of Monty Python, you should enjoy At Last The 1948 Show. Aired in 1967, these five surviving episodes of At Last the 1948 Show are 
Bitter Lemon Revival. Hi,my name is Steve Kaplan.I play the keytar behind Big Jack Johnson in the movie DEEP BLUES.I just released a cd called BITTER LEMON REVIVAL .If you 
SIMPLY AWESOME!!!. I m probably going to invest in a re-order of this DVD collection, because I simply have worn this one out. From the They Call It Pro Football 
Captures Childhood and the Heat of Summer. Village of Dreams is simply enchanting. It vividly captures the heat of summer in postwar Japan as two identical twin brothers explore life 
Hilarious!!!. I have loved this movie since the first time I saw it years ago. And besides.... the castle is really cool too. :  
A love story worth it s weight in gold. I did think that in this day and age it would be easy to find well acted, finally crafted gay themed 
Mexican culture, for real. AMORES PERROS is one of the most ouststanding achievents for mexican cinema since it captivates a realistic portrait on personal relationships and life itself in our 
Fabulous and Creepy 70 s Sci-fi!. I didn t see this 1975 film until about 12 years ago or so. Even though I knew the basic plot I was quite 
I love this film. Definitely one of the best from David DeCoteau. From the beginning I knew I would enjoy this film. Opening credits are nice with each actor featured 
Greetings Again, Boils and Ghouls!. The Tales From the Crypt series was some of the best television airing back in the final year of the 80s and into the early 
Not so much Danger After Dark , but still good. I ll review in the order I watched the movies. I didn t get the boxed set first. I brought 
A Walk to Remember a novel turned into a movie. Shane West and Mandy Moore play Landon Carter and Jamie Sullivan wonderfully! I had to read the book as a 
Very enjoyable. It s 1963 in the Bronx. There are gangs of teenage boys that s either and by turf or ethnic group. The Wanderers are Italian. They were not 
Great Movie. The movie is great but why does it still have the year 2000 on the cover art? Couldn t it have been removed when this DVD was given 
Possibly the best in the Classic Albums series. For me, Roger Waters explanations of the themes behind the album are the highlight here. He seems to think deeply about life, 
we love dora. This video is great at teaching kids old nursery rhymes. If your child loves Dora as my son does, then this is a must have. The DVD 
Cool scary hollow. It was interesting to see this film. Christopher Walken was great as teh headless horseman. Of course Johhny Depp was as cute as ever. Christina Ricci was 
Behind the scenes of a classic. Stephen Sondheim s &quot;Company&quot; was a revolutionary show in the American Musical Theatre - not unlike &quot;Show Boat,&quot; &quot;Porgy and Bess,&quot; &quot;Oklahoma&quot; and &quot;West 
The John Ford - John Wayne summit. THE JOHN WAYNE JOHN FORD FILM COLLECTION is the finest DVD boxed set I have bought all year. It has almost nothing but 
Forgotten Anderson gem. Joe 90 is, to American viewers, one of Gerry Anderson s best-kept secrets, as, apart from two made-for-cable episode compilations that aired in the early 80s, it 
A True Account of a Young Mother s Life. This is the heart-warming, tear-jerking, yet still comical tale of a young girl named Beverly growing up during the 1950s; a 
An Old Favorite. There are only a handful of movies that I find myself going back to time and again. This is definately one of them. Since it s release 
WON T YOU MISS ME ? WE SURE WILL. SIMPLY PUT, AMUST HAVE FOR ALL FLOYD FANS, WHO WANT TO GET THE EARLY FLOYD HISTORY FROM THE MEMBERS OF THE 
WHATEVER HAPPENED TO THE PETE BEST COMBO?. great biography dvd! essential to the hardcore beatles fan or casual listener. the dvd has alot of extras - pete and astrid talking 
Where s the widescreen?. True that most movies before 1954 were done in the Academy Standard fullscreen format 1.33:1,1.37:1, or 4:3. However Turner Classic Movies uses the widescreen 1.85:1 version 
A Story About Losing Sight of Things and Gaining Balance and a New Perspective. Drumline is the story of a Devon Nick Cannon , cocky, young New York kid who 
This is definitaly THE SUITE LIFE!. INTROI m a 15-year-old boy, and I have to tell you that a lot of Disney shows aren t as good as they used 
Add This Season To Your Collection. I know many people look at Season 7 as kind of a downer but it s only because the other seasons were so great. 
THE NEXT..... NO.... THE BEST CHALLENGE!!!!. I swear by this workout! I m a 21 year old college student who grew up being the unathletic, out of shape, pudgy girl. 
What do you see when you look into other people s eye s?. By far the best movie that Jennifer Lopez has made, if they keep giving her roles like 
Every American should watch this. This is the true and easily found story of the Bush family history of looting this country. You won t get it from the mainstream 
THIS IS HEAVY!!!. There are two ways in which a piece of art can become timeless. First to encapsulate its era so brilliantly it becomes a virtual historical document. And 
A sweet film about relationships and the people who have them... I absolutely loved `Friends with Money . The chemistry between the four friends Olivia Aniston , Franny Cusack , 
Lucy and Ricky. Over 50 years ago a show previewed.The I Love Lucy show.A show that would make history.I give this season 5 stars and would give 100 if it 
Wish I can give it more STARS!!. What caught my eye first was the packaging! Pictures of various promotional posters and such line the inner cover and the liner booklet 
Honest opinion of Ryan s Daughter. Superb video and audio quality on the DVD and simply a great movie!  
Its not where you goin its where your at... This is clearly the most accurate portrayal of hip-hop which at the time was B-BOY music of which I was a 
A Unique serie in the history of Cinema. Antoine Doinel is filmed as a troubled child in 400 Blows, as an adolescent in Antoine & Colette, and as young man 
~ Thank the Lord he made this film. Brilliant. ..... loved everything except Rex Reed. WHY did he keep popping up. He had nothing to do with Broadway. That just 
Holy Amazing!. Even though the seasons to come would follow in disappointment, nothing could top the first season of the O.C. It was addicting drama and hilarious comedy all piled 
A Disney Movie With A Message. THE BLACK CAULDRON, in which a young boy named Taran and his comrades go on a quest to defeat the evil Horned King, has 
A Must Have for youth basketball coaches. This is hands down the best DVD I ve seen for youth basketball coaches seeking teaching techniques and offensive and defensive strategies. Disk 
Silent movies a la Bullwinkle, best enjoyed in moderation. Fractured Flickers was a noble if short-lived TV series of 1963-64 that fractured vintage silent movies with humorous voices, narration, and 
A must see. This is a must see movie for lovers of British comedy. This movie had me in stitches. In short, the plot of the movie is about a 
Beauty, and other charms of waking life. The beauty in Henry and June is full-throttle. There s the bike race through a sunlit forest; there s a colorful bohemian festival 
Sergio Leone eulogized the classic Western in his sprawling and amazing film... Once upon a Time in the West is Leone s masterpiece and certainly one of the best Westerns 
Great video!!. My son started watching video s when he was 2 months old. We started him out on Baby Einstein ones but although he sat and watched one for 
Unforgettable travel with Welles. Excellent documentary film about Europe from the master of cinema, Orson Welles... It completes other similar works, as It s all true and F for fake. 
open range. This was a wonderful movie, it about time we start making move western movies. I just wish we had more on television.Thank you very muchCarla Bledsoe  
Memories. This is one of the better movies I ve seen in quite awhile. It is a love story, but not your typical love story. The love story is in 
Climb Aboard!. This Rogers-Astaire vehicle mainly functions as an OK service comedy with a few dance and song routines thrown in from time to time for good measure. The film 
Re: Its a gas. Another hilarious cube vision movie. Mike Epps is one of the funniest guys on the planet and Cube s serious personna make for a classic goofy 
Heavenly Comic Gem With Whoopi Goldberg In One Of Her Best Roles. I have always thought that for the most part Hollywood has never utilised properly the great comic abilities 
One of the First I Ever Saw, and Still One of the Best. As I look at my collection of anime, I now realize, with the purchase of Demon City 
Made My Skin Crawl!!. This movie is extremely creepy. Definitely worth watching. It WILL make your skin crawl! Well worth what it is selling for on Amazon  
Bored Silly is silly indeed. The movie reminds me of some classics like Goonies, the Earnest series and the like. It is indeed corny, but very entertaining in its own 
A Great Gospel Film. I heard about this version of the life of Christ, but had never seen it. It is a striking black and white telling of the Gospel 
No Accidents Here -- A Well-Crafted Movie!. Happy Accidents is a love story set in New York City: The perfect date movie for a romantic woman and the nerdy guy 
What a Great Fun Movie!. A terrific movie with an all star cast. I saw this movie years ago. I enjoyed it then and found it even more fun to 
good. All the episodes on it were good exept for squeaky boots and pizza dilivery. My favorite episode on it was snowball effect. Christmas who? was a little pointless though.The 
All Women Must Watch. I think that all girls should watch this before they start dating. It will teach them to not be desperate and how to lure men.  
Nice update of an old classic. I wish this pilot had been picked up and made into a tv series, but nonetheless it was a good flick. Based on the 
Must have for Johnny Cash fans. OK, I only rated this 4 stars because I wish there was more video of Johnny Cash singing and less of everyone else telling 
Gorgeous Film Captures Human Quirks and depths of love. I m 23. I like electronica, movies with killer special effects, and far out theories on quantum mechanics. This movie is 
Love them always. When s the next one out?. I own the first two dvds already. I really enjoyed the third. You will begin to notice the poets who are 
What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?. Two of the best female actresses together, proved to Hollywood why they are among the greatest, Bette Davis and Joan Crawford. This movie is 
Family Movie Must Have. Daddy Day Care is a family movie must have. Eddie Murphy shares nice clean comdey for the whol family. It s perfect for younger childrens slumberparties 
7 days in 2 hours. A well written and well casted political thriller drama. The characters are quite believable. The tension gets so thick you can cut it with a 
A great hardboiled series. This series of movies was a contemporary of the Chan and Moto films. This is a reliable set of B movies with good writing and lots 
Amazingly different and spooky anime!. Requiem is an incredible series...at least what I ve seen before. It has a visual and story style that is so different than the majority 
Modern masterpiece!. Karl Billy Bob Thorton is a mentally challenged former killer that done a serious crime 25 years ago has been released back home. While he s there he 
The Man. Another good one from the Classic Western Star a must have for your collection  
 I m a mean, green mutha from outer space! . This movie is freakin WEIRD! Thankfully, I like weird. For the uninitiated, this is a musical about a man-eating 
Watch & Learn. There is no one like Johnny A. I never travel far without his music in my car or on my IPod. I play him at public events 
Caution Advised, But Still Great!. This 2nd chapter takes place almost immediately after Zombie Island concludes. While I don t consider this 2nd chapter quite as good as Zombie Island, 
The Torch song singer. I found the movie to be wonderful, funny and true to life. The service from Amazon.com to be prompt, efficient, dependable, the delivery was on time 
The almost perfect GARBO SILENTS collection. Garbo is my favorite actress and I am very happy to see this collection, which is included in the Greta Garbo Signature Collection being 
Yet Another Romantic Comedy. Well... this is the same old same old romantic comedy. So, you know the drill. You laugh, you cry, you laugh again, and then everybody has 
Harrison Ford -ophile. This was a true story and a scary part of our history. The book comes to life in the movie... I pictured another person as the captain 
BSB is soo funny!. I bought the around the world video of the Backstreet Boys and I love it! Those guys really do love their fans sooo much! Each country 
Good going Tony Hopkins. I really enjoyed the movie partly because it was from life and because it was so well done it really drew me in.  
out of the mists and into the light. Although painted backdrops and cyclorama stand in for the heathered hills of Scotland, M-G-M s film version of BRIGADOON directed by Vincente 
A fan of Jackie. Our entire family are Jackie Chan fans as we view movies purely for entertainment. Jackie is the consummate entertainer and paired with Chris Tucker, they re 
Mozart - Die Zauberflote 1996 - English subtitles. This is a modern staged version performed by the Metropolitan Opera. It s interesting staging reminiscent of ancient Egypt! and excellent singing. 
Better than Chasing Amy . If you liked Chasing Amy but were not totally satisfied with it in some way or another, you might find Little City better in many 
WONDERFUL! Thank goodness for this set. I love this set. I am a newbie to Yoga and a roll off the couch out of shape couch potato, who huffs and 
rock of ages: definitive collection dvd. Well done, a good dvd. Brought back memories of watching videos on MTV years gone by.Shipment process was flawless.  
Great shorter yoga practices appropriate for beginners and others. AM PM Yoga Conditioning for Weight Loss provides three short yoga practices AM, PM, and a bonus practice that are especially 
Another Great BBC Comedy Sitcom. Finaly BBC s Black Horse My Hero comes to dvdThere s something so offbeat and totally original about My HeroThe cast is great, the writing 
An evolution in terror..... I was very impressed with dvd. It has a lot of great features to offer. That and also eastereggs on this dvd are pretty great too. 
Platinum Edition 2006. Well, I wanted to wait until the HD-DVD of Universal for the film Scarface was comming up. Obviously we ll have to wait a little longer.The picture 
Philadelphia Story is Fabulous!. One of the best films of all time! Fans of Katharine Hepburn and Cary Grant are in for a treat with this one  
Best Bresson Movie Not Made By Bresson. Surprised this picture didn t do better at the box office. After making the dreadful Hearts and Souls with Alfre Woodard, trying to 
Manufacturing defect?. Has anyone else had a problem with Lessons of Darkness Fata Morgana ? I ve tried two different copies of this box set and the same few minutes 
3 Great DVDs At A Super Price!. These 3 dvd sets are a great value. Not only do you get the originally released VHS material on each dvd, but there 
Vince Palamara, Secret Service expert , deceived us. As a proud former member of the United States Secret Service, I believe that this product is worth your time and money...and 
different perspective. This DVD is not only visually pleasant but it is more informative than most of the other DVDs out there concerning the area of Rennes le Chateau. It 
A classic comming of age movie set in the 1980 s. This is a clasic movie for many of us who were at that age in that time period. If 
Great!. This movie is fantastic! It is defo on my fav list. One of the best!  
Hooray for cynicism!. Those looking for redeeming social messages might want to look elsewhere, but if you re in the mood for a violent, stylishly shot, and decidedly nihilistic good 
&quot;Goes a step beyond drama&quot;. It is hard to describe this film, but it is one with a very stable and unfamiliar plot. You will not be unsatisfied with this 
4 stars for a courageous movie!. At first this movie seemed trite, but less than halfway into it, it became something much more. An honest look at a dysfunctional and 
Misterious!. Comedy at first, x-files after and twilight zone in the end. Overall: VERY GOOD  
not the mama. i forgot how funny this series was until i bought the DVD set. it is a must have for any collection. the wit and humour are above 
A true Classic. I have watched these to many times to count. It was so Good that I bought it. Best of the Best  
the secert of roan inish. excellent family movie o nudity o profanity all around viewing for all ages  
Anthony Hopkins Catherine Zeta Jones Antonio Banderas= great cast!. Anthony Hopkins will eat Catherine Zeta Jone s liver with fava beans and a nice chianti... This was a great movie, 
&quot; Took all the Metallica ideas&quot;. I feel I have to address this statement as well, as I forgot to in my main &quot;review.&quot; That s like saying Paul McCartney 
THOUGHT YOU WOULD LIKE TO KNOW. I love this movie. It is ranked right up there with the best of them.  
Cracker - The Complete Third Season. Love the series bought all three. Couldn t go wrong to purchase the DVD s. Great acting, very well written  
ROAD TO PERDITION. THIS IS NOT REALLY A REVIEW OF THE MOVIE, BUT RATHER A REVIEW OF A REVIEWER, CASE IN POINT, MR. OR MS. ACUTE OBSERVERIS THIS GUY FOR 
Funny. Saw this movie on cable and it was so funny to my fiance and I that I went to Amazon and bought it. I do not think you will 
We Love Get Fit Kids!!!. I am a mom of three young children, and a teacher. I bought this DVD because of all the great reviews, and my children love 
 Six! All Boys! Six! . Wonderful trigger-happy, off-the-wall comedy by Preston Sturges about a girl Betty Hutton who goes to a USO pary one night and learns later that 
Sturges second, darker, better take on the Earps and the Clantons. Hour of the Gun is easily my favorite take on the Wyatt Earp legend, with John Sturges making amends 
Excelent adventure. This is a movie you must see if you like travel adventures movies.All than continues time is supreme!I totally recomend this movie!  
Sometimes they Come Back. The film is based on a short Stephen King story about a teacher who returns to his old home town to take up a job. The 
one of the best asian family film i have seen. Flawless and Beautifully Rieveting The Joy Luck Club has to be the best movie I have ever seen, and probably 
O s vendetta . I thought it was vendetta story of O. The climax indicates this point, I believe.  
Great movie. Kill Bill - Volume 2 UMD Mini For PSP greta movie for the PS  
A Novel approach to the afterlife. Eddie dies and goes to heaven where he learns his life has been meaningful to at least 5 people. I enjoyed watching this movie, 
Gory Hilarious Low Budget Horror Flick... First let me say I picked up this movie in one of those 10 pack DVD Horror Movie Packs for only 4.00 called Gore 
 Hello ~ Farewell . `Slaughterhouse Five based on the Kurt Vonnegut book of the same name was released in 72. It is the story of an unassuming, quiet, introspective 
Couldn t be better. I have a thing against purchasing live DVDs. After all, how many times do you want to sit and watch a gig that you probably weren 
Reba season 4. I just love this show and really hate that it is no longer on. I will really miss Barbara Jean and Reba s interactions!! And who can 
Good, Clean Movie. Julia Roberts and Nick Nolte play reporters working for rival newspapers, with some fun antics following. This movie is reminiscent of a movie that Rock Hudson and 
The Mothman Prophecies - a different take. I just read Dirk s spolier ending to the Mothman Prophecies and had to say huh? Demonic, fallen angles? What? Did we watch 
Infinitely improved by being on DVD. Now that Rattle and Hum is on DVD, the brightest moments shine so much brighter and the low lights are eliminated through the magic 
Pretty good.... To me, the best part of this movie is showing clips of modern SF in action and when it cuts to the team they are following around. Unfortunatly, 
Detailed Documentary no music . Disc 1 of this set is an exhaustive history of Cream, from a detailed examination of the early careers of all three members, to their 
This Show Rocks!. WHY DID VH-1 CANCEL THIS SHOW??? This has to be one of the funniest shows ever, It s a whole lot better then that other show Desperate 
the best just got better. This, as you may have already read, was a very intimate little show made to promote Morning View. The live footage is as good as 
Ferris Bueller s Day off. Perfect movie for everyone. No matter how many times I watch the movie it is always funny. Whether you are stll in school or schools 
Pretty funny, but not as funny as Austin Powers 2: The Spy Who Shagged Me. Austin Powers in GOLDMEMBERNot a bad movie at all. Pretty funny, but not as funny 
GUESS WHO S BACK? A fantastic return for everybody s favorite Timelord. Dr. Who is Forty actually he s 900, but like the Doctor, the show had been around in 
very good movie. I didnt read the book. But I thought the movie was really good. I guess all the people that are rating this movie as bad are just 
cool.. i am seeing it soon. I loved the first movie and are going to see the second one. I am a big Hilary Duff fan so i wish she 
Delightful Romantic Comedy. Trick is one of the better gay romantic comedies that s come out in the past few years. Christian Campbell and J P Pitok are both good 
A philosophical review. The title of My Life as a Dog refers to Ingemar s obsession of comparing his life to more unfortunates such as that of the Russian space 
Great as back up information for Holocaust curriculum. This was a very helpful film to visually bring the holocaust alive for my student  
El Primo. It s all in the live footage. Interspersed among somewhat predictable interviews bar the talks with Sam Butera it s dynamite. For the ones of us who never 
Double the Comedy. This movie is great. How can you not love Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny DeVito as Twins. Originally made back in 1988 this movie has stood the test 
Want the original. The original, Cimemax, version of this movie was very good. I would love to buy a copy. What I m finding, though, is that the versions available 
Bad Sound; Cheap DVD; but Great Story. I have read The Raj Quartet i.e. Jewel in the Crown twice -- all 2,000 pages of it -- and I love the 
The Vanishing 1993 . In 1988, director George Sluizer had directed a film entitled, THE VANISHING. The film was all in Dutch and starred Dutch actors, who are nowhere near 
Wonderful and Hilarious. State and Main is a throwback to the often gentle but hilarious satires of the 50s and 60s--you know the ones where the bucolic splendor of small-town 
 Those guys are fags! . Fast Times is an 80 s comedy directed by Amy Heckerling Look Who s Talking , and starring Sean Penn Mystic River , Jennifer 
It s Sweet Nature Saves It...... I was all set to dislike this film. I skipped the last Rocky installment, the last one I saw being when he fought the 
Cha-cha review. I am one of those who have 2 left feet and just could not learn how to dance. With Vioki and her partner, I found I could actually 
wonderful family entertainment. This series was a favorite of mine and my husband s so we are thrilled to be sharing it with our son. I hope that more of 
Wanted Dead of Alive. I received the movie very quickly and in brand new condition. It is an excellent movie. I m a Rutger Hauer fan. It s got a 
Awsome!. This movie was perfect in every way,and the trees and the berries,and the candy were great looking. Hansel and Gretel are amazing actors! I own this on DVD,I am 
A great one. More often than not anime tends to be extremely repetitive. A young guy fights his way to the top whether it be in sports, outer space or 
Django reincarnate...?. Maybe not, but the spirit of the great gypsy guitarist lives on in this fine musician. The ensemble is as infectious and delightful in their approach and execution 
Review: The Nutty Professor. Eddie Murphy did a great job in The Nutty Professor with his role as Professor Sherman Klump Buddy Love and also playing the entire Klump family. 
Almost Perfection!. It s so nearly flawless. Practically without imperfection. George Hearn is superb. Nobody but Hearn can do Sweeney like he can. Neil Patrick Harris is the perfect Tobias. 
Best To Date. It does not get any better than OTH Season 3. By far this is the best season to date, and I m sure that Season 4 will 
Very Clever, A lot of Fun!. Considering I just saw Cars, I wasn t so sure about Over the Hedge. I mean, Cars actually became one of my favorites after 
As Good, If not Better Than I Remember. This two disc set is brilliant. Not only can you relieve the magic of Cagney and the original film, but the extras 
..just one more thing. This is one of the greatest TV sets ever out there. I was in complete shock when I read the back of the set box and 
A superb and mindbending story. If you watch this movie, you must open your mind and expect anything  
COMPLETELY IMPRESSED with Leap Frog DVDS. I have to admit, I am the type of homeschool mother who reads reviews before purchasing what I use in training my children. Most 
one of the best films ever. I saw this movie when I was in my early twinty s, the way Lolo grew up, is one of the ways you can 
Good selection!. The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not a 5 is because not everyone will be happy with all 5 Films in this Collection. Point blank 
A great movie about relationships, responsibility and life. De Niro is a great actor. No one questions that, but lately people have been criticizing him for the roles he chooses 
Beautiful cinematography. Once in a while, movie gem reaches out and touches your soul. I have added this film to my collection of favorites, and those I will savor when 
Very smart and unsettling. For people who ve seen this movie:I found the double-cross at the end of this deeply unsettling. This movie felt like a comedy of manners character 
I enjoyed this movie...... I cannot believe all of the negative reviewers. Obviously you have never had an adult party where people behave like teenagers after being delt alcohol mixed 
Must have for any Jon Bon Jovi fans. This film was done around the time of Jon s solo record Destination Anywhere . The CD itself refelcts some changes going 
I thought I knew a lot about the movie... ...but the materials Criterion put together for this great two disc set shed new insight and light to one of the 
Stolen Dignity. In Italy s classic movie, `The Bicycle Thief, sociology and story come together as one for post World War II Italians. Convincing and with heart, we experience the 
A fun movie, a fantastic DVD. I preface all of my DVD reviews with the following note: There are more than enough film reviews on Amazon.com and, quite frankly, it 
Better than Next Friday, but not the first. For the second straight time, Mike Epps replaces Tucker, but he plays Craig s Ice Cube cousin. Don t get me wrong, 
What Requiem for a Dream was for drugs, this is for depression. Like most movies with actual content, this move is underrated at 3 5 stars.Great acting. Not a movie 
Great for quick practices to start and end your day. I love yoga zone, especially Al & Jen, so this tape was a great fit for me. The 20 minute 
Left Behind Collection. My family and I really enjoyed this collection. It s something in it for the entire family. Makes you want to really read your bible even more 
another DVD for your Martha baking library. Just to give fair warning, I am a Martha-head , but I think I can be pretty objective. So with that in mind, 
IT WAS A PRIVILEGE JUST TO SEE THIS GAME!. For those of us who were eyewitnesses of this game, this DVD is a must. I am a USC alum, but 
Must see. Big fan of the magazine, waited for this DVD to come out for a second and it was just what I hoped it would be. In-depth looks at 
Worth waiting 14 yrs for... This is the best musical DVD of all time! Play it on your large screen TV..  
Brilliant. This is one of those rare films that last for nearly three hours and keeps your attention for every second. The battle scenes were shot brilliantly and the action 
The best TV show ever. At least it s my favorite. It works as a comedy, as an adventure, as a romantic story, as a mystery and as great entertainment. 
Finally, a worthy DVD edition!. Clueless has been released on DVD before, with nothing more than two theatrical trailers as bonus features. In 2005, for its 10th anniversary, Paramount finally 
We love it!. My 2 1 2 year old loves the little people toys and especially the shows. He started watching them when he was 1 and recieved a free 
 I love the smell of commerce in the morning. . I must say that it s suprising to me that this movie bombed. It seems that the immature humor 
Funny, Suspenseful, and Soooo Romantic. This definitely goes on my list of all-time-favorites. Demi Moore is beautiful as the grieving girlfriend, while Patrick Swayze projects the appropriate anger, sex appeal, 
The Sentinel; a review of. Frankly, the idea of a Secret Service Agent having an affair with the President s wife is way out there in the first place. Michael 
The polarizing Catherine Breillat...the naysayers are SO wrong. I adore Catherine Breillat. Her films really get at the core of the war and it s a war between men and 
Better Than I Thought It Would Be. I wasn t expecting this movie to be as good as it was when I watched it. Whereas I admit that Jamie Foxx 
Lot of fun to watch.. It is a totally inspiring and fun story. While they have almost everything, two actors get to the hardest road for the challenge and maybe 
Clever comedy with a good heart. The Vicar of Dibley is a standout even in a genre British comedy distinguished by original plot lines and hilariously wacky characters. Dawn French 
Season Three Quality is GREAT. Finally! A great season of MSW and no glitches that I found on Season One and Two. What a relief. Wonderful stories, acting, etc. I 
about bleed in time this came out!. For some of us unfortunates, this was our first exposure to the awesome fire power of the Clash live.The movie isnt to bad 
Elated to see Marvin. I used to watch live performances of Michael Jackson and people would be falling all over the place. I d always wonder How in the world 
Wonderful storyteller and speaker. Wish I could give this DVD 10 stars. Highly recommended  
Lost Horizon the original. Hijacked in an airplane from a local uprising, british passengers find themselves high in the himalayas, in a mysterious land with a great secret. It has 
A great, value priced set of movies. I was pleasantly surprised to find this boxed set and even happier to discover they are all good quality transfers. These are not 
Been there... What is it with middle aged professors anyway?[8-D] I have had the same kind of thoughts and reactions as this professor, but they remained fantasies. It took me 
 She left town with big ideas but got small results . Clash By Night opens with waves crashing against rocks and seagulls flying effortlessly over the windswept sea. Perhaps 
Great for Kids Regardless of Age . Video and audio quality is not the best why it only gets 4 stars , the movie is worth the price if you 
Very well made dvd. This is a very well put together history of the Steelers, which I thoroughly enjoyed. It is quite polished and great fun to watch and remember 
Pre-Woodstock festival in beautiful b&w. Before Woodstock, before Isle of Wight, before Monterey Pop, music fans of the early 60s went to Rhode Island for the Newport Folk Festival, a 
A short but sweet history lesson. I watched this movie because I am becoming a fan of the strikingly handsome Vicent Perez. I not only tremendously enjoyed Vicent Perez in 
Scrooge DVD. One of my friends recommended this muscial version of the Scrooge. Ir s their family tradition to watch during the holidays every year. We ll watch it again 
R. O. C. This movie Roc-a-fella films production different their other recent movies because this one was funny as hell! Roc-a-fella recording artists such as Beanie Sigel, Memphis Bleek, Noreaga, 
a good time. I love this light-hearted movie, good for a few laughs and a little romance. It s a very whitty parody on romance that everyone will enjoy  
Classic Rodney. If you are a Rodney fan - this should be part of your library. Rodney was in his prime in the 80 s - and this is a 
SOLID MOVIE. Silent Trigger is a solid movie, it s two main charecters are complete with their own personalities. In the begining Clegg Gina Bellman is a rookie spotter for 
How Refreshing to See A Film Like This... I was drawn in to this movie expecting to see the standard lost at sea type of story and was pleasantly surprised 
A Great for whole family. I started watching these videos on PBS and was totally hooked after watching just one! I started buying all the videos and I watch them 
Do The Hustle: Newman Makes Fast Eddie Felson A Hollywood Legend. Let s face it, what can I possibly say about Robert Rossen s exquisitely hard-edged classic that hasn t 
Truman. Gary Sinise gave a wonderful performance as Harry Truman. This film is one we will watch from time to time and share with our grandchildren too  
Media doesn t simply reflect who we are, it tells us. It is the mirror but so are we. Black comedy is one of the more overused expressions in media 
far out and outlandish. I own all movies and CD s of Cheech & Chong. Back then I bought the BETA cassette of Corsican Brothers and watched it many times. 
For the kid in all of us!. Both my husband and I enjoyed this animated film. The hunor appeals to kids and adults alike. I know our children and grandchildren 
:0 . great action pack movie not what i expected, it has some similar patterns to other movies i ve seen but i think they did a good job  
This is a great dvd!. Well First off the show itself is great. The storyline never has a dull moment and its much diffrent then other animes. But now on 
Simple but moving film. They don t make them like this any more. A romantic story about a widow and her encounter with the ghost of a sea captain whose 
Walken is astonishingly good. The Dead Zone directed by David Cronenberg is brilliant. Terse and well adapted with a superb cast, it is worth your time. Christopher Walken is compelling 
 Yes they deserve to die and I hope they burn in heck! . Every writer is important. A writer that has views, characters, and exciting trial cases. This movie 
GREAT SHOW!. I cannot wait for this to come out on DVD. I already have the first one. When this comes out I will buy it as soon as I 
A Fine Film, If Not 100 True to the Cartoon. Richie Rich is the world s poor little rich boy. He s the richest kid on Earth, but all he 
Quick and it works!. The first time I tried this video I thought it was too easy to be effective, but now that I ve completed it a few more 
Very Funny. This much awaited Family Guy film is really very similar to the TV series, and if you like that, you ll also like this. It feels however, not 
must have. This is a Western as it should be. In mine opinion, everyone who has a library of Western DVD s should have it; it is superb. A good 
Buffy. I was a late comer to this series and this was the season that got me terminally hooked  
The Most Underrated Film of 2002. My vote for the most underrated film of 2002 is THE TUXEDO, a bittersweet romance starring Jackie Chan and Jennifer Love Hewitt. Chan stars 
Romance 2 years. Reeves and Bullock again? Romance with this couple is 2 years apart, but wonderful  
A fine little thriller. This movie may not have cost a bundle to make, but none the less it was finely done and is a really tight well crafted psychological 
The Best Movie Ever!. This movie is my all time favorite and this movie will always be. I m so glad it s out on DVD. Barbra Streisand & Kris 
A Very Great, And Very Funny Film!:. I have to agree with some of the reviewers here, this DVD needs an upgrade. It is too great and funny not to 
Dodgeball has the Patches O Houlihan seal of approval. What is there to say about Dodgeball - A True Underdog Movie other than it s a no-brainer of a hilarious 
Very nice B-zombie film. One has to judge this film for what it is - a B film of the zombie horror genre. It was recorded on film, which makes 
The best of Bresson. This is my favourite Bresson film because I think his minimalist style works to its greatest effect here leading to a finale which is unexpected and 
CAT IN THE HAT. I LAUGHED.....I CRIED........I WROTE BAD CHECKS!!!! FUN MOVIE!!!MY KIDS AND I HAVE REALLY ENJOYED IT  
Great movie. Excellent movie for couples who have had bumps along the road of marriage.  
Plenty of zombies to see in Return 2. Return of the Living Dead 2 isn t as good as part 1, partly because we follow a group of survivors made 
That Old Time Religion... I watched this one expecting a goofy movie about inbreds or hellish hillbillies on the loose. I figured it would stink, but was hoping for laughs. 
Gypsy Is A Winner. My mother took me to the movies to see Gypsy, starring Rosalind, when I was about 10 years old. I fell in love with the movie. 
THE BEST DVD of ALL TIME!!!. What an amazing feat this dvd is. It explains all about the top theories in physics today in an articulate way. It is almost 
Antihero of the S exploitation Film. Uttering as few words as possible, Nami Matsushima played by the stunningly beautiful Meiko Kaji dispenses with the pleasantries and builds a reasonably impressive 
I m used to dealing with girlfriends. My Dad loved this movie. When he passed away last year I inheirited several boxes of videos and this was in it. I 
Quality Movie That Adults Will Enjoy. I liked this film a lot. It was entertaining, suspenseful, and made me think. It s staying with me and I m continuing to 
Biggest Winner 5 disc DVD workout. Get ready for this workout. The beginner DVD s are butt kickers for a 1 2 hour workout. The advanced DVD s are killer. 
Legally Blonde 2 - Red, White & Blonde Special Edition . Too funny...have to get it so you can watch it over and over!!  
Metallica Early On. Being a Metallica fan, I did rather enjoy this trinket of Metal Music History. The early 90 s proved to be a crucial time for Metallica as 
beyond awesome-extremly Inspirational. extremly Inspirational is how good this is. there is room for a little improvment, and some of the games have about five minutes missingbut alltogther it is 
Rudolph rocks. This was everything what I thought it would should be ... A trip back to my childhood and good, clean entertainment for the kids  
Relaxation so deep and mesmerizing. This is something you just have to experience for yourself. It is mesmerizing, captivating, and makes me relax to the point of sleep when I 
 I will always be your wife. Your ONLY wife... . The Tomb of Ligeia was the last of Roger Corman s eight Edgar Allen Poe adaptations, and he went 
Only need one word... I only need one word to describe this DVD - PHENOMENAL!!!!!! As a true afficianado of blues blues guitar - I can only dream of playing 
Mood altering, mind altering. I saw another review of this movie that explained that when it originally hit theatres, critics trashed it and audience gave it a pass. I think 
AWESOME!!!!. This is the VERY BEST Harrison Ford move ever!!!keep up the good work  
Clash of the Wicked. Born to Kill is probably the second-greatest film noir on the amour fou motif, next to 1949 s Gun Crazy . Two lovers irrational infatuation lead 
Interesting, worth watching, and enjoyable, but... No doubt about it, this DVD collection is wonderful addition to any lover of modern art.The first DVD, Making it in Manhattan, showed how 
A Must Have DVD. Ok, it s spring of 2002 and I have traveled three hours to visit my brother. We are both audiophiles with quite exceptional stereos and visits 
Verdi s Place in History. This gigantic biography of Giuseppe Verdi takes up 10 hours and 4 VHS tapes and brilliantly tells the story of his creative genius and his 
 Croupier deals a winning hand. Back around April, there was still the question of who would become the next James Bond. Being a 007 fan, I decided to watch 
Charming Ealing Comedy. Lightweight confection about an inventor Alec Guiness who invents a fabric that is impervious to dirt. Comic mayhem ensues when a consortium of industrialists and fabric workers 
My Favorite Series Continues Through The Next Fourteen Episodes. This is the next part of the series, once again with fourteen episodes! Joined with his new crew, the recently recruited 
An essential blues DVD. At least as strong as the excellent first volume in the American Folk Blues series, this second disc opens with Aleck Rice Miller Sonny Boy Williamson 
Above average movie. This movie is about how homosexuals has been portrayed in movies over time. In the early years they were made fun of. Mostly men being sissies. But 
Best of Class. Hi MotoGP fans. I am the Director of Sales for Standing Room Only, which released this DVD.First. thank you for your interest in the 2006 Review. It 
A really nice workout. This is a fat-burning kickboxing workout indeed, but I find Denise Austin s lack of organization regarding her rithm or cue quite annoying. I usually follow 
Wonderful Film. Excellent Extras. ALL of the short films are on the Second Disk. If you want these, be very careful to order the TWO Disk Set.Also, try to find 
Kidman and Penn Carry The Movie Well. The Interpreter, I thought, was a very interesting story about assasination plots within the U.N. and whehter or not people can believe the 
Hilarious. I found the complete series 1 thru 9 very funny. Love the mannerisms and story lines are true to life. Too bad its over they leave you wanting mor 
A classic, and Soviet propaganda... Revolution is war. Of all the wars known in history it is the only lawful, rightful, just, and truly great war... In Russia this war 
wore out a dvd. I am here to buy a replacement DVD. I am doing this because my kids love this movie so much that they can t keep their 
Two cultures, two modes of existence. A brilliant companion piece to Swimming Pool, Francois Ozon s Under the Sand similarly casts Charlotte Rampling as the lead female, here in a 
A must-have for animators!. Every time I teach a class on character animation, I refer students to this film - it has incredible character reference throughout, especially Hans Conreid. If 
You Will Only Enjoy This Movie If You Are Intelligent. This film is sweet, beautiful, hilarious and so realistic, it is amazing. It is sad to me to see such 
Opening of the eyes, and thank God within us. I had a rare opportunity to view How to know God ata special screening prior to it being released, and I 
One more Jamie Lee Curtis horror flick makes it to DVD!. oOkay, this isn t so much horror as super suspense. Jamie Lee doesn t even appear in the first 
Run with this one. Sean Penn s writing directing debut is a fine mood piece about two Midwest brothers, one a decent, small-town cop, the other a prodigal, violent ne 
Reality really does bite. Gibson s portrayal of a rogue pilot out to make some money above all else sheds light on an all-too-familiar situation that befalls war-torn countries;Gibson puts 
Dr. Who. It was timely and as it had been presented on the site. Very happy with it. Made a great gift for my father  
Film Noir in Tokyo. Knowing that Stray Dog was a movie by Akira Kurosawa gave me high expections and I was not disappointed. The movie starts out as a sort 
A lot more than all right. One of the greatest, and most willfully misunderstood, movie comedies ever. Although still lauded in Britain as a searing indictment of trade unionism, its 
WHY IS THIS THE PAN & SCAN VERSION?!. I saw this movie when it was first released in a theatre and I love it! I made a S-VHS copy of 
Kathryn Bigelow obviously put a lot of care into her direction of this film. I m absolutely shocked that the critical reaction to this movie has been so negative. I 
Yoo hoo!. This is out of print, and the only way you can get it is to pay a lot of money for it. Is it worth it? Well, I 
Great Tape for Beginners. I m very new to Yoga and I love this DVD. I love it so much I will purchase other DVD s in the same Yoga 
Great Cult movie ..Remember Petrocelli . Cult Classic ...this is a loners movie ..I think we have all had times in our lives when we felt like kowalski..thats what makes 
santa s here. stay far away from the sequel, but watch this one. It was definitely worth the money spent on this. People offended by this movie had no lives 
Not for children!. The movie is as expected violent with scenes of sexual activity. For adults that like this type of movie, it fairly reflects the life style of LA 
...And Justice For All 1979 . Director: Norman JewisonCast: Al Pacino, Jack Warden, John Forsythe, Lee Strasberg, Jeffrey Tambor, Christine Lahti, Sam Levene, Robert Christian, Craig T. Nelson, Terri Wooten.Running 
Double Roger Corman DVD. Quick service. New DVD: rarely available in UK of Premature Burial . Slight freeze on Masque of Red Death - bit disappointing in new product. Otherwise 
Takes you back. If you were a kid in the 60 s this show was a Saturday morning must-see. The DVD without commercials allows you to cut through the corny 
A Lovely, Sad Movie... woefully misleading adverts. This is an excellent film, moving, sad, even tragic. It is NOT a warm hearted comedy, as it says on the back of 
YOU GOTTA LOVE REDD !!!. THe DVD did not get a 5 because of the DD not Redd s performance. The DVD did not have many of the standard features 
A great item for any Lucille Ball fan!. This movie was great. If Lucille Ball had not played the role of Florabelle I would have not even purchased this movie. 
Very good. CAUTION: NO SPANISH NOR FRENCH AUDIO TRACK. Is a very interesting adaptation of this famous Diary, that shows the life of Anne and her family, when they were 
SIMON AND GARFUNKEL THE CONCERT IN CENTRAL PARK. I LIKE THERE LIVE CONCERT.AND I LIKE ALL OF THERE SONGS I SEEN THISCONERT ON PBS TV THE FERT TIME AND I 
Eclectic Mix. Since I adore the movie, I can t help but love the soundtrack to All That Jazz. I m not sure this CD would move every listener as 
Loser. Loser is by far one of my favorite movies. I remember that there were only 3 other people in the theater when I saw it, though. I definitly does 
Top. We were top that night. Alrigh  
The Real Thing. For about 40 years now I ve listened to the Wolf.Loved his recordings and had the hair stand up on my neck at some of theAMAZING stuff 
Movie The Day After Trinity . My husband received this for Fathers Day from the Kids and I. Our 9 yrs old son and his Father really enjoyed this movie. 
FUNNY FUNNY FUNNY. I MISS JOHN CANDY. THIS IS ONE FUNNY MOVIE. GOOD OLD UNCLE BUCK. A CLASSIC  
Just scary enough. If you like scary stories but are uncomfortable with evil themes...This is a supernatural suspense show that you don t have to pre screen for your Tween-Agers 
Wow!!!. This is an incredible film to own. Trust me when I say this but it was worth every penny. Yes sir, this is by far the best HD DVD 
what film was J Michael watching?. Umm - have just read the review by J Michael on Zulu - what film was he watching? Falling asleep watching Zulu? This would 
Classic, heartwarming movie. I abdolutely love this movie. It is such a heartwarming tale, and fun to watch. Very entertaining for people of all ages.  
Old message that still applies. Great movie with young actors that are still out there making movies. This coming of age movie is clean and yet very real now as 
Another really Great C&C Product. I own all of the C&C games so I feel pretty much comfortable in making a comment on these. I haven t played Tiberium Wars 
S wonderful. This is a gem, an invaluable resource to beginner and experienced student of this style. For a very modest price you can see this real-deal player of the 
Hell is for Heroes. Good story, good action, top rate acting. Not a blockbuster, but well done  
My Nostalgia Fix. I grew up watching Star Trek TNG. Now as an adult, I really enjoy seeing these episodes again. The DVDs are great because you can watch as 
Vividly Effective Docudrama-Style Handling of the Legendary Sinking. Sixty-four survivors from the actual Titanic were interviewed extensively by author Walter Lord for his meticulously researched 1955 book, A Night to 
This movie is Afrolicious!,. I always see this movie as a great Harlem detective story. Shafts pulsate with street-level lingo and a deep sense of conviction you can help but 
Hooked on Titanic Made in 1953. I just bought the film on DVD through Amazon for a very reasonable price. I previously owned it on VHS and have seen it 
The West Wing - reinvented and rejuvenated. Through seasons 4 and 5, I often had the impression that the West Wing was running low on ideas. The magic of the 
Horton Foote Remakes a His Classic TV Show. This film started out as a television special in 1953. Then it was adapted for the stage. And then finally in 1985 
NEWLYWEDS IS JUST A GUILTY PLEASURE TO WATCH!!!!!!. Newlyweds with Jessica Simpson and Nick Lachey is just a wonderful treat for our eyes..... Not only do we get to see 
The Epitome Of The Darkened Hero. Just by the name alone -- Darkman -- you know you can expect something spectacularly refreshing in the superhero genre. Indeed this is. With 
I miss these kind of movies from the 80 s!!!. This movie is a classic. There are many funny parts when hooch tears everything apart in tom hanks neat clean 
Perfect or not, it s hilarious. Okay, I agree. I don t remember reading about Bertie and Jeeves in a lifeboat rowing across the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, but at 
Betrayal. Action and intrigue in this sexy movie underline the power of love to overcome the greatest fear- betrayal. Corky is the jaded jailbird just trying to live in the 
A MOVIE I CAN RELATE TOO. I LOVED THIS MOVIE. IT IS THE KIND OF MOVIE I WANT TO WATCH OVER AND OVER AND OVER. IT BRINGS BACK A LOT 
Best modern days battle movie!!!. If our best WWII movie is Saving Private Ryan, Black Hawk Down is definitely the best modern days battle movie.Black Hawk Down is able to 
The Client. The is an excellent movie packed full of fine actors and a plot that grabs you immediately and doesn t let go. The young boy who stars with 
Lesson to be learned!. DMX was excellent in this movie and I think all young ladies between the age of 13 to 25 yrs. of age should see this movie. 
tj hooker the complete 1st and 2nd seasons. i get this for my sister she love this show  
If you have young children, then you should buy this for them!. If your children are learning to read, then you owe it to them to buy one or both 
Another Walt Disney Classic. If you like western then you ll like this. To me this was a John Wayne classic with Wayne at his best. John Wayne plays the 
If only the instruments did all the talking... The musicianship here is first-class; as you would expect from Lee Ritenour, all the players and singers are awesome. It s a 
Truly BASIC stretching for health. My grandmother stretched every morning and although she fell many times as she got older, never broke a bone. I wanted to find a basic 
Unforgettably Dark and Contemplative Film. I am partial to this film. This is very brooding movie. Revenge, love, retribution yet no redemption are many themes touched upon into this labyrinth 
GREAT movie!. This is an awesome family movie!! My 5 year old LOVES it and got her interested in having me read the full length book to her before bed 
A sweet Basic knowledge of human reproduction. Though this movie dates a long way back, it contains some of the important elementary information about the human reproduction system. Starting from 
We Need Our Heroes But Our Heroes Need Us More. War and symbols of war have endured in the public consciousness ever since human beings began to throw stones at 
Quite possibly the best ghost story ever put to film. A music professor moves into a lonely old Victorian mansion in order to put his life back together following the 
My favorite teen movie!!. I rented Say Anything from the library because I heard what good ratings it was getting from both people and critics. I could see why they 
excellent movie, some rough language. I wholeheartedly agree with all of the glowing reviews on this site, and this movie is probably one of the most magical I have ever 
A must buy. Both of my kids 2 1 2 year old girl and 17 month old son LOVE Classical Baby. It is a great choice for quality time with 
Shame. I thought this last release was quite bitter sweet, as we know what happened to the NewlyWeds,and it wasnt happily ever after . Not as enjoyable as the first 
GREAT DVD. My 3 year old loves this. She ask to watch it without realizing she is learning. Highly recommend  
LOVE this Broad!. Elaine Stritch is the last of the legends.Not many out there who can still mesmerize and audience for 2 1 2 hours but Elaine Strich is from 
Looking into the unknown... ...and finding the mundane.I would suggest to the people that are slamming this movie that this type of flick is not your cup of tea. Go 
Love this Show. I truly hated it when this show went off the air. The show had well balanced cast.  
Nostalgic. From the opening performance, I had fond memories as a child of Marvin Gaye being featured on American Bandstand. The difference between then and now is that the sound 
 You do that again and I ll kick your face in. . Frank Bigelow played by the great Edmond O Brien is just a regular joe, a mild-mannered accountant 
after over 42 years. It s time for all living generations to admit that the baby-boomers were witness to the biggest and best thing in the history of show biz: 
I couldn t stop smiling -- laughing...i m in stitches. I m a Colin Firth fan, but that s not the only reason this movie was a great ride... it 
This is Woods, James Woods. This is one of the best cop movies ever made. I didn t get to see this thing until maybe five years ago and it 
Keep these alive, disclaimer or not!!. Yes, I thought the Whoppi disclaimers were absurd HOW many generations have grown up with these cartoons, and now all of a sudden they 
Pristine Transfer. The print used for the DVD transfer is bright and clear without a trace of dirt or scratches , the best this film has looked in years or 
The All-Time Pirate Classic!. Okay, maybe so maybe CUTTHROAT ISLAND is not really a classic. From the flak this movie has suffered, I watched it thinking I would get a 
 The Man With No Name rides into town for the first time... Sergio Leone shared a rebellious desire to tumble the old values and present the audience with a 
An uncontrollable expos into the marvels of happenstance. For those who will read this, I freely divulge this to you: I loved Magnolia. I loved [Paul Thomas] Anderson s story, 
Inspiring great family movie. children thru adults will enjoy this movie. it is entertaining, inspiring and teaches good values to all. that combination is rare.you will definitely enjoy this movie 
Best American Animated Film Ever. If you don t own this dvd you need to add it to your collection. In my opinion it is the best american animated film 
Excellent. As the mother of an 11 year-old, this was a really excellent purchase we made a couple of years ago.It presents the issue of stranger safety to kids in 
Where the line between humans and machines is blurred. I ll admit to you that I love to watch Adult Swim, and I ll also admit that I like certain 
If you like old movies..... I saw this as a kid when I was at my grandma s house and I really enjoyed it. I have watched it again as 
Good Episodes. The DVD has a excellent number of episodes in the DVD. It is just as good as I thought it would be.  
Excellent!. Excellent price, speed of delivery, and quality. I am very happy with this purchase  
100 Years Later... It is 100 years after the events of the first Dungeons & Dragons movie. One of the characters returns as a bad guy. He has managed to 
An engrossing docu-film!. Being a bit of a true crime buff, it s always nice to see a well-constructed documentary about the life of a serial killer. Although it s 
The Fog of War -- We re In It Again. Last night, I watched the documentary, Fog of War, about former Secretary of Defense, Robert S. MacNamara, the Harvard-educated whiz 
She s A Winner. I was expecting a predictable teen movie rife with cliche and populated with vapid, albeit good looking, young actors. Was I ever wrong! She s All 
Awesome!. This DVD has got it all! Great instructional material, interviews, and footage are nothing but quality. The only reason I ve seen this is becuase the wife loves house 
Great Beginner Tape. Tape is easy to use and follow. The two seperate workouts are very good. They are long enough to get a good workout and short enough to 
An Affair To Remember. One of the best movies I ve ever watched. It made me laugh and cry  
A delightful comedy. This is a film made from an original French play.Most,if not all the action takes place in a single room.The beginning of the film is a bit 
a hard movie to watch. The film is very thought provoking and doesn t mind pushing buttons or boundaries to achieve this end. Although I agree with another reviewer s 
Excellent DVD. For all Incubus fans...the sound is great, has dozens of camera angles, even has video graphics on 5 of the songs to enhance the superior performance. Most of 
COOOL!!!!!. My first time seeing this movie I was in the barbershop. I said to myself, this is a must see movie. I like John Travolta as an actor. I 
Great Party Game. I purchased the PlayBack game for a party, and it was a HUGE hit.We planned on playing one game, but ended up playing it all night. One 
Surprising!. This movie was really good! It s about two kids who find thousands of dollars in stolen money in their attic. Insead of using it for themselves, they secretly 
Great cultural movie. This movie was very great. I enjoy Indian show but usually find them to be to long. This show added just the right amount of culture to 
Great Family Movies. This is a great family movie. There are not any innapropriate scenes to ruin the movie. The special effects are wonderful and it follows the book very 
Engrossing movie that will never let you down!. 1939. The world is at the eve of the WW2. Robert Donat, a formidable and versatile actor who shone with his famous 
A must have if you Love Prince. a great Dvd ,the audio just jumps out of the speakers.... a must have for Prince Lovers  
Beautiful atmomspheric horror. Reminding me many times of Susperia due to the fairy tale atmosphere, this movie is a must-see if you love Argento. The movie has amazing camera work 
A Delightful And Entertaining Animation For The Whole Family!. The animation The Iron Giant is a delightful animation in which the whole family can enjoy. There have been quite a 
After school with Melissa Sue Anderson, among others... The mid 70 s...that wondrous time between Vietnam and Reaganomics...if you were growing up during that period, like me, you re probably 
Won t regret getting the starter set! The Pretender is good!. Getting this starter set is a no-brainer. Why? Because it includes a coupon that allows you to save 10 
Fun, inspirational, and humorous!. I give Straight Talk 5-stars because the music is excellent as is the film, of course I only wish they d re-release the song on CD 
Ultimate Jordan. Never wanted to buy the separate videos DVD s. Glad I ordered the complete collection now. I actually felt like a little kid again watching Michael back in 
A must have if you Love Prince. a great Dvd ,the audio just jumps out of the speakers.... a must have for Prince Lovers  
All-star cast! Very informative. This dvd has an all-star cast including Noam Chomsky, Howard Zinn, George McGovern, and Scott Ritter. It is a perfect place to start for anyone who 
Reasons This Is My Favorite Jesus Movie... Here s a few reasons to get this movie--1. Artistically, it s believable and well-done only quibble: John the Baptist was portrayed not 
A Walk on the Good Side. This is an extraordinary little film. Beautifully acted all the way round, it chronicles one family s passage through the twisty free-love rapids of 
J AI FAIM!!!. This is a WONDERFUL, striking movie...I watched in French class several years ago and have always looked back on it fondly. So many of the issues are 
Great. The second season of Veronica Mars is just as quirky, funny, clever, and shocking as the first season. It s one of my favorite and must-see series. You d 
One of the original slasher movies. Halloween is a great one to get you in the mood for Halloween. It has some comic relief. Jamie lee Curtis was perfect in 
food to keep brain alive. IKIRU means to live in japanese and this beautiful movie is one of the best representations ever of what really matters in life. Facing an 
Wonderful if you aren t a work out nut!. I had this video and then we moved and guess what? It s gone. so...I m buying it again because I 
runaway hit!. So, I saw this movie once... it has that guy in it... the guy who always has the grey hair... and it has JULIA ROBERTS. First off... I 
Discs of Revelation. At some future time there will be a social historian setting out to write an academic assessment of America s contributions to world culture. No doubt he, 
 When can one please oneself if not in old age? . This delightful, restrained three-part BBC series is the story of eighty-five-year old Lady Slane Wendy Hiller whose husband, 
Very Funny, Buy It !. Hilarious. Jim is such a great comedian. Very Funny. My teenagers ejoyed this DVD and the Hot Pocket thing is the most memorable. I would 
Everytime I watch i cry!. Being first generation in an Asian American family, my sisters and i can really relate to this movie. We watch it about once a year 
One of the best instructors out there. From the inventor of step aerobics. You know that Gin knows what she s doing and how to do it. She invented Step 
More Adventerous Than The First, But That Does Not Make It A Family Movie. Burton s first Batman movie was more psychological than action. This sequel answers with more action. 
A darker Don touched by greatness. To say one loves Mozart is like confessing one enjoys breathing: it is implicit in your continued presence above ground. How does one describe 
Long Tall Dexter. Dexter Gordon is Dale Turner, an ex-patriot jazz musician living in Paris and playing nightly at the Blue Note. His character is based loosely on Lester Young 
WONDERFUL SPOOF. EXCELLENT SPOOF ON A LOVE TRIANGLE. VERY FUNNY WITH CLEAR MOMENTS OF REALITY. I ENJOYED IT!!  
Molly IN Pink once again... YES SHE CAN!. Molly Ringwald is the girl from the wrong side of the tracks who works at a record store with a dead beat 
Stallone at one of his best and there weren t many! . Although RAMBO: FIRST BLOOD PART II is fun to watch and COPLAND offers a rare acting performance, I 
Very Funny! Great Movie!. This movie is great! I love Amanda Bynes in it- she is so funny, and adds to not only the character she plays, but the whole 
It could open your eyes and heart. The movie Quinceanera has all the qualities that make an Independant film an exceptional experience. The story gives the Mexican culture ofcelebrating a 
oz season 5. Oz season 5 is as funny, violent and outrageous as the previous seasons. Check it out  
Food for thought. The issues concerning the internet these days may well be considered as precursors to GITS:SAC. Privacy, access, surveillance, information, internet morality, and humanity are all problems dealt 
Nice Workout. Plain and Simple. This DVD is a good workout. It is a basic background and very plain and simple. Don t let that stop you from trying it. 
Oliver Stone s Best FIlm... Oliver Stone is one of my favorite Hollywood filmmakers, and I have enjoyed many of his movies over time. While I haven t seen a 
A great dvd. This dvd takes some of the funniest episodes from the series. The Dvd is put together quite well and episodes are taped better than vhs. The only 
A fun and inventive new DVD video for children ages 1 to 8. Twenty Trucks is a fun and inventive new DVD video for children ages 1 to 8, presenting 
Prompt delivery. I ordered two of these and recieved them very quickly. One had come dislodged from the bracket that secures it inside the dvd case and so was scratched 
Great mysteries that are already available in more affordable sets. Nothing new to review here. This is just a reissue of the first 4 Poirot mysteries released on A&E after 
Easily the best Space IMAX movie. I have seen this movie dozens of times, both in Imax theaters and on VHS and now DVD. It never gets old. I envy 
Meet a doctor who doesn t look, act, or think like a doctor!!!. This movie is based on the book Gesundheit: Good Health is a Laughing Matter by Hunter Doherty 
My Favorite Disney Movie. Spoiler Warning - this review might reveal surprises in the movie First off for a frame of reference, I m a 30-year old male and a 
Curse of the Black Pearl. Lots of fun. Better than the sequel, it is most viewed. Pure escapism.  
The Andy Griffith Show. I have been very happy with all the DVD s except for the previews. I purchased the DVD s vs. recording the shows from the TV 
Hot and Funny!. It all starts when Jessica, a pretty popular girl, steals some earrings from a shop! From that it sounds pretty boring right! But as if it is! 
Camaderie & Cooking. I am thoroughly enjoying this series. First of all, this is a great price for the amount of hours and episodes it contains. The main reason that 
VERY GOOD. I don t know how italians do it, but atmosphere in their movies is totally different from all others. Only an italian could do such a masterpiece as 
UNBELEIVABLE. The best of the B&W days otherwise known as Mickey s Golden Age. STEAMBOAT WILLIE, PLANE CRAZY, MICKEY S SERVICE STATION. It s all there. Only one problem: they 
Laura Palmer goes to hell and takes us with her. Much maligned film detailing the last days in the life of Laura Palmer has been dismissed by many as being 
Game 6 20 years after it happened. Now when I heard the title of Game 6, I thought they were going to have a movie that of a bnasbeall game 
Great movie!!. This is a favorite along with the first, The Magnificent Seven . There is a good plot and plenty of action. Both this movie as well as the 
warning!warning!warning!. This is a must see for anime fans. One suggestion though you must watch the first two dvd s before you buy this one or you won t get 
Hillarious Cast. I never watched the show when it was on but I now catchg reruns on lifetime. Its a truly laugh out loud feelgood show. I reccomend to anyone. 
UNBELIEVABLE. If you really want to see some action this is sure enough the movie.I would watch it every other day if i had the time.You really have to watch 
A crime drama with a Cajun twist!. A true classic and a definite original for its time. Starring such movie icons as Dennis Quaid, Ellen Barkin, and Ned Beaty, this 
Good beyond belief. I took this movie very personally, found the beginning tedious, the middle painful and the ending joyous. I will keep this movie. Every actor in it and 
meditate under a waterfall? screw that. samurai champloo has been a great series, and this third dvd has kept that tradition. though the last episode was weak, as most recap 
Hero -. This is one of the most visually stunning hong kong cinema pieces. The action is top notch, and the story was great. The interesting thing about this film 
Not To Be Missed. Marty is a gorgeously-written character study that explores such themes as loneliness, aging, and peer-pressure with a touching and deft wit.Ernest Borgnine plays the title character, 
Megadeth live!. Does it get any better?, probably not!Megadeth have always been my favorite metal band that s name starts with the letter M. Why?, because they write great songs 
Our Christmas favorite, kids are funny. This is our favorite movie for the holidays or when it is snowing and cold outside. This is the best of the Home alone 
Nice Combination of Wit and Gore. Edward Lionheart is a Shakespearean actor who has more ham than talent. His plays have been savaged by the London critics, who now have 
A delight about people, their hopes, desires and despair. Before Tony Collette arrived in Hollywood she conquered her homeland, Australia, with this wonderful dramedy about losers, winners, life, love, fantasy 
Stargate SG-1 Is Great Sci-fi Viewing. How can you not like this series if you like Science Fiction? Great characters and just enough special effects to keep techno-junkies happy. This 
Great band & songs - but what s up with the sound?. If you found this page then you aready know who Joe Bonamassa is. The band s performance is 
Wonderful movie. this movie was great in the theatres when i saw it with my kids several years ago; then we bought the VHS version and watched it over and 
Christmas Who?. I give this season box set five stars because it has my favorite episode, Christmas Who?  
The fall of Flint. Documentary on the destruction of Flint, MI, with the closing of GM plants there and the laying off of 30,000 workers. Michael Moore is the filmmaker 
Suchet Superb, A&E version leaves a bit to be desired. This A&E version of Death on the Nile is not a full length movie and as a result it lacks 
 My knees felt like jelly when the film was over . Cube is a very original and entertaining low budget horror film, and will most likely stay with you 
Very pleasant surprise. I must whole-heartedly disagree with the editorial review in my assessment of this film. I have never been a fan of Jennifer Love Hewitt--in fact, her performances 
My favorite Michael Mann movie. My 18 year old son and his 60 year old dad both love this movie. The casting is just about perfect - especially Robert DeNiro 
The Phantom of the Opera is there, inside my mind... I like a lot The Phantom of the Opera - what a fun, grand movie - it s got all 
episode I : The Phantom Menace. I think people are being way too hard on this film. The main reason people don tlike it is because they were expecting Lucas 
 One should never question fate. . Max Vincent Cassel is due to leave on a business trip to Tokyo when he overhears a fraction of a telephone conversation. The 
the 3rd best ppv i have ever seen the tlc match ruled!!!. 1. to cool and rikishi vs the right to censor a good opener 6 102. x-pac vs road 
wot brit pop rock is all about. it does capture the essence of the era...that being the 80s-90s of the brit pop rock era. its a cliffnote version of the 
Great film!!. The Dust Factory is a refreshing film! Never have I seen a storyline like this one. Very imaginative and creative. The two young stars give stunning performances - 
Hollywood off the cuff. Nick Broomfield professes a journalistic style you either like or hate. He works not unlike Michael Moore, apparently bursting unexpectedly into places with his crew, and 
Robben Ford & The Blue Line at it s TOP !. Buy this DVD now. Robben Ford, Roscoe Beck and Tom Brechtlein are doing there job perfectly ! Listen for 
Drenched in nostalia, suppressed erotic desire. The movie is a piece of art. Visually, it is stunningly beautiful, and is drenched in nostalgia for a lost time and place. The 
A Tremendous Delight. The three part Christy series starring Lauren Lee Smith was phenomenal! I ve read the prior reviews and honestly I think it all depends on how you 
A superb western. Hondo is a mighty impressive film. It is that rare western that greatly succeeds on on a technical level, as well as an emotional level.John Wayne and 
It was good, kina cheesy,,but good. I remember seein in this in a wal mart shelf n thinkin dang havent seen dis! so i bought it and played in ma 
9 to 5 - Sexist, Egotistical, Lying Hypocritical Bigot Edition. Brilliant.Although the film has aged,it s still just as funny all these years later.This is a must for anyone who 
Watch only for Angelina. I ve been after this movie for a while, but have been put off, by people telling me it s no good, and various bad reviews 
Good. Julie Andrews was very good as usual. The production of Cinderella is good, but not as great as the one with Ginger Rodger  
Murder, mystery and the magnetism of Bogart and Bacall. They were one of Hollywood s all-time legendary couples, both on screen and off; producing celluloid magic in the four films 
Terror Has No Shape!. In the wake of the successful remake of The Fly came this retread of the 1958 B-picture classic.A meteor crashes to the ground just outside the 
Wouldn t It Be Nice?. Yes it would if we could get Hollywood to produce films that are timelessly fresh as the great Shampoo . ............. Warren Beatty is unforgettable 
Imperfectly brilliant and touching. This film is an able transposition of Shakespeare s comedy from ancient Athens to the tiny Italian village of Monte Atena at the end of the 
I like this movie. When I was looking at this movie from the gay and lesbian list of films on border I didn t really think I would like it 
MOVIE. This is a classic favorite. I love this movi and can watch it over and over  
An irrepressible and perennial classic. I recently watched this film after having seen it for the first time 25 years ago when I was a young man. Simply stated, it 
Worth every penny!. This DVD set is definitely worth every penny to the average Simpsons fan. It contains every episode from Season 8, as well as extras galore! This DVD 
A Dream Come True After Eurovision-- RIVERDANCE . With tremendous applause and a standing ovation at the 1994 Eurovision s 7 minute intermission; Michael Flatley, Jean Butler, and an Irish 
Difference between two dvds available?. What s the difference between two dvds available?Saw this movie in theater and loved it  
Finally!. We bought season one for our daughter when she was three and she absolutely loved all the episodes. I searched and searched for the second season but kept on 
One of The Better Recent Scooby Movies. I have been a big time critic of most of the recent Scooby films because the characters didn t act the same as 
The Brosnan Russo Affair. SPOILER ALERTThe ending of this 118-minute marvel seems an almost foregone conclusion. The bored billionaire did it. However, he and the sexy insurance detective play with 
Benny and Joon. It s a BIG 5 for me. It s one of Johhny Depp s most adorable movies ever. It s full of happy feelings and fun  
Remembering the good old sitcoms of the 80 s. The Cosby Show was the very best family comdey sitcom of the 80 s! As a child of the 80 s, 
The weakest of the series but still very good!. A cure has been discovered to help mutants be normal if they chose it, unfortunately it has made Magneto Ian Mckellen 
A good work out for people beginning weight training. I am a fan of Ellen Berret and enjoyed her fat burning pilates. Ellen is excellent with her timing. But I 
Classic, witty comedy!. My boyfriend got these for me because I loved the first two I watched Road to Rio and Road to Bali These are great movies if you 
Shop around!. Theres not much to say about the dvds, they have bloopers, and extra material about each episode. What is important is that you should shop around. Target sells 
ANOTHER GOOD NON-ACTION FILM FROM ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER. A COP [ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER] BECOMES A TEACHER FOR A KINDEGARTEN CLASS. VERY FUNNY AND VERY DRAMATIC AT TIMES. HAS GOOD ACTING AND THE 
O, if only other renditions could be as fine as this!. Those who are familiar with the play Othello will have no trouble guessing what happens in this dark tale 
Girls Gone Wild, Ninja Style. A total guy flick that delivers! Charlene Maggie Q and Katt Anya are kidnapped at an early age and trained as assassins. They survive all 
A glorious sendoff for two fine actors. . . Richard Harris and Oliver Reed inhabit roles worthy of their larger than life talents in Ridley Scott s glorious GLADIATOR. The 
The World as Will and Representation. This is not a war film and it is not an antiwar film. What Malick a former philosophy student has done is use the 
Clint Eastwood s masterpiece. With a superb plot about the interrelated lives of three childhood friends, this movie has the emotional depth of classic Greek drama. The plot combines story 
Great Soundtrack. Although I only saw the movie once, I watched the introduction over and over and over again because the soundtrack is so beautiful. That first song in the 
back up in quality for #3. You can buy volumes 1-3 now in a single 3 pack DVD set so this review is for all three of the first volumes 
Being a child again ; . This is the story of a very particular 8-year-old, who lives in Argentina in the late 1960`s. The spectator will laugh and cry, as 
Sarah confessions. I thought this DVD was very informative in terms of understanding where her songs were coming from. However, I found that the info provided was limited for some 
West Side Story. A older movie, but excellent, a younger generation not that familiar with musicals, should check this out.The story remains current, the performers are great,a real love story,but 
This is not a film about lust gone awry. Rather, it is about obsession to destroy all that is meaningful. The central character here is not the Jeremy Irons character, 
Entertaining and enjoyable. With golf being as fun and popular as it is,it is great to see movies about golf being made. Tin Cup is a great addition to golf 
look around you. Most people aught to have noticed by now that not all girls are alike and not all boys are alike. Most people aught to have realized that 
Review of Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle Unrated Extended Edition . If you like gross-out comedies, this one is for you. It celebrates the stoned peoples view of 
Nature lovers. Great video! Footage of real animals set to beautiful music with funny narration the whole family can enjoy  
Anime s own Godfather . Upon looking at the cover of the first disc and hearing that the series was based upon a computer game I was originally put off 
the best way to be a dj. this dvd is great because you can know a lot of dj s around the world and each dj has diferent styles about 
WOW Never Seen Stones footage from 1964!. I m giving this release five stars because not only is it fun to watch all of the different early British bands but 
My Inspiration. This is the best collection of movies. The karate kid inspired me years ago to take up karate and, now a black belt, I watch these movies with 
Soooo close to being an Epic . Epic is often something we attribute to lengthy films or ones that have a cast of nearly a hundred or more. LAWRENCE OF 
fun for the whole family!. Dan Zanes has written catchy music, and the videos are really fun. My 3 year old toddler really enjoys them when he sees them on 
A movie for dreamers. K-Pax is a movie that is made to be enjoyed. From it s pre-credit sequence, there is a dream-like essence that floats about, sparkling and shining 
Hate War, love America s Warriors. Hate war, love America s warriors - that s what author Lt Gen. Hal Moore told Dan Rather, when asked what was the one 
The Best!. I have been watching The Dead Zone since the premier and I love it! The only thing that bothers me is Johnny didn t get Sarah. I recommend 
One of the Best. This film is immense. The power of one person to move the hearts and souls of others is incredible. Sally Field is the consumate actor. This 
A great reproduction of a great movie with a great set of Extras. I need to preface this review with the comment that I am not a John Wayne fan. 
A fun movie. I really like this movie. It is very cute and different from Audrey Hepburns other rolls. I think that she and George Peppard do a great job 
Very entertaining thriller, not scary though. Fallen is a very good movie, however, I wouldn t classify it as horror just because it involves demons. It was more thrilling than 
As Good as I remember!. This DVD brings back so many memories. In the golden age of cartoons He-Man, Thundercats, Silver Hawks, Transformers, Vol-Tron also known as the 80s, I 
Classic Comedy. Ten or so years ago when I had the very expensive Troma VHS of Cannibal, everyone who I lent it to, or showed it to could not proclaim 
Street Fighter is Chiba-tastic!!!. Critiquing the plot of this movie is pointless,likewise the acting,writing,cinematography etc. It s just one great fight scene after another. All the extraneous elements,such as the 
Great debut by Alicia Silverstone!. Contrary to what others have had to say about this movie I do not find the connection between this and Fatal Attraction. This movie involves 
fitness ball dvd. Lots of good exercises and lots of helpful hints. Good dvd! Would recommend it to friends  
Robin Hood - animated. Any Disney movie is great.A great story  
When They met it was MURDER. Hart to Hart is a modern day take on the Powell Loy Thin Man. It has everything the Thin man did including the dog 
Good history of the Carter Family. I would have given this five stars if it weren t for not enough coverage of Maybelle Carter s contribution to country music, especially 
DVD OR HD-DVD. I need some help with this. I currently do not have an HDTV. Which DVD should I buy? Should I buy the HD-DVD so in the future 
A Father s Love. This film is one of my favorites. I am a self-proclaimed Tim Burton fanatic but this one is really up there for me.Ewan McGregor does a 
Hilarious. The title of the show, Everybody Loves Raymond, says it all -- at least, for my family and me. But, rcognizing that humor is an individual taste, I suggest 
Shawn Michaels Story. This is a very good dvd. First ill will review this entire dvd then i will give my idea for another shawn michaels dvd spanning his entire 
Bill Maher - I m Swiss. Bill Maher is the modern Oracle of Delphi, insane enough to see the truth we foolsih mortals, so easily confused, rarely see. His insights 
This will be one to keep. I haven t watched the video enough times to catch all the nuances. Also, I have never seen the original Star Wars movies, but 
Of special interest to Astaire fans. Second Chorus is not a widely known film, but it will probably be enjoyable to any fan of Fred Astaire. If you re not 
sure it s not perfect but it sure is fun. This movie has something few movies have, that is I have found I can watch it several times in a 
quirky colorful and fun. Yes, this murder mystery is twisted and dark, but also wonderful to watch. All the characters with the possible exception of the father are so intriguing 
BATMAN. Although the superior Batman Begins reinvented, reimagined and reinvigorated Batman, this, the original, still stands alone as a very good movie. Tim Burton s ideas and vision of Gotham 
 There is something out there in the darkness, something terrifying, something that will not stop until it gets revenge... Me! . Batman Begins is a great vehicle for the 
Characters You CARE about in a Truly Thought-Provoking Drama. I m not big on dramas, but I am a fan of Lawrence Kasdan s 1991 film Grand Canyon. The film 
Comedy at its finest. Wow, where can I start with this five star comedy? First of all if what you are looking for in a film is an epic masterpiece 
Preaching to the Choir. This was an excellent entertaining video. My kids just loved it  
Quirky good!. This DVD set definitely is not for everyone! It is very quirky and you will need to appreciate King s sense of humor to enjoy it. I don 
One of the best. I first got to see this in about 1987 or 88, when I was in high school. I fell in love with the story in general, 
A great pacifist work!. In 1930, three great pacifist films were released, in the United States, Lewis Milestone s All Quiet on the Western Front; in Germany, G.W. Pabst s 
a cool movie!!!. The reason why this has nothing to do with the first one is because the script was written to be the sequel to Masters of the Universe. 
A Great Science Fiction Mind Blowing Ride. I love this film and eventhough it s 17 years old I still think it s great fun. I mean what s more 
First Movie To Scare the Hell Out Of Me !!!. 5 Stars for Phantasm !!! I saw this movie when I was a kid and I have to say The 
I don t understand..... I absolutely love this movie. Gena Rowlands really is at her BEST in this one. I just could not understand how they classified it as a 
Computer Animation at its Best. This is an excellant HD DVD for clarity, vivid colors, and surround sound affects. The family loved the movie and considers it to be in 
Yay!. I absolutely love these DVDs, I have already forgotten about all the other workouts that I have. These three DVDs are so comprehensive and cover all body parts, it 
Very Entertaining. My girls loved this movie when it first came out and still enjoy it today.  
Great resource and DVD information. When I was looking for a home I wanted to be able to inspect some parts myself for safety hazards and repairs and this DVD 
Paul Shines On. Well, he s done it again. Paul McCartney pulls my heart strings and I just can t stop crying. It sure makes it hard to sing the 
I NOW LOVE MY LITTLE PONY!!!. This movie was great,it made me want to get every my little pony product!I used to be a tomboy!!!!  
a valuable documentary. To me, this film is worth owning, not just renting to see once. One only wishes it could be updated continually, especially to include 2005 s Brokeback 
A very good sound Mix. I also agree withe some of the other reviewers in that I didn t expect to buy yet another DVD with much of the same 
Very Good debut. From now acclaimed director P.T. Anderson comes this fairly simple drama of an old man and the son he takes under his wing to win him some 
Coen Brothers do it again. it never ceases to amaze me how the Coen brothers make me love movies from genres that i don t usually like. take this film 
A great adaptation of Hamlet. When I first saw Akira Kurosawa s Throne of Blood a decade ago, I was shocked by the screen imagery painted by that legendary director. 
Just doesn t get old. I bought this for myself, and found it to be so good I started buying more copies to give away as presents! This is just 
You know it s good. Few trends in modern film have proven more loathsome and tedious than the spate of derivative serial-killer movies inflicted upon the public over the last 
One of my all-time favorites!. I watched this movie on a whim and found it to be one of the best I ve seen. The story is great, I love 
Sick, Twisted Little Film From Basket Case Director...4.5 stars. Well, I have to admit that after I saw the sick BASKET CASE, I wondered what other movies Frank Henenlotter had 
Fantastic~. I loved this DVD enough to buy each of my friends a copy who love her too. You won t be disappointed and will pick this out of your 
Celebration of women. This is one of my all time favorite movies. I love all the actresses--Judi Dench, Maggie Smith, Joan Plowright, Lily Tomlin, Cher. The women they portray, although 
An Epic Tale Of Love And Tragedy. When I first watched the movie, I was left wondering what the film was about. I didn t get it at all and 
My boys picked this out and we all loved it. Ok , so this isn t the best movie ever made , it s still one slam bang adventure movie 
A must have DVD. A really inspiring story.I receommend this DVD not just for real story and insipring struggle for survival, but for the fact that everyone of us in 
Very pleasant Movie. Not your typical Baseball movie. Very realistic right up until you get to the owner letting a rookie start but that is probably a realism if it 
Funny...but unbalanced. 3.5 stars. This was a stronger movie than I expected. The first hour, I literally had tears in my eyes I was laughing so hard. The cow scene, 
At least 4 stars... This movie is really good. It s worth watching for the Kyra Sedgwick story alone, however, all three are very artistic, emotionally-stirring and thought-provoking. I don 
Great thing. Recommend for all who is the fan of Transformers. Great thing. Recommend for all who is the fan of Transformer  
The best cop in the world. All of the Dirty Harry movies staring Clint Eastwood, are some of my favorite. The way he goes his own way and upsets the 
Often imitated, never equaled. Potemkin is a giant among film classics, and deservedly so. Even without actors voices, it immediately pulls one into the sailors world, where they are fed 
4 Classics in a box set? Priceless!. I was thinking about purchasing all four of these movies, but to have them together in a box set is a beautiful thing.I 
Parker depicts magnificently the claustrophobic and irrational world of the Turkish prison... Midnight Express is the disturbing true story of William Hayes, a slim, young American who is arrested by 
LOVED IT FROM BEGINNING TO END. VHS - I have watched this over and over and LOVED every minute of it so much so I have now ordered the DVD 
THIS IS THE BEST COMEDY IN THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE!. You have got to check this out! The only comedy that comes even close to this is Home Alone. You will 
Brilliant Cinematic Sci-Fi Thriller. Primer is a brilliant cinematic science fiction thriller! Unfortunately for the non-science enthusiast, the screenplay dialogue is absolutely overrun with swift moving unexplained techno-jargon that may 
humorous historical picture of german reunification. Goodbye Lenin shows how young adults viewed reunification, contrasting modern Germany with the ideals of the DDR throughout the film in funny and endearing 
Sight gags to structural collapse. This was a surprising and remarkably paced film of Keaton s. What starts out as pretty quaint and rural extends to higher and higher proportions 
ANY SHOPLIFTER CAN GET A LABEL... I first saw this movie in 1991 during my first week at Hampshire College at some theater in Northampton Massachussetts. I was about 17 
hilarious. This is good clean comedy that you are not embarrassed to let your children or grandchildren watch.  
80 s Classic. The Breakfast Club, one of the best movies out there. Timless no matter what s your age or what year you were born in your sure to 
GREAT movie!. This is an awesome family movie!! My 5 year old LOVES it and got her interested in having me read the full length book to her before bed 
Val Kilmer at his best. It was great, pure and simple just great. Good triller, good surprises and great acting. The entire cast was wonderful.  
S F CLASSIC. ANDROMEDA STRAIN WAS A GRATE MOVIE IF YOU LIKE THE OLDER SCIFI MOVIES. IF YOU HAVE NOT SEEN IT YET I WOULD RECOMEND YOU SEE IT. IT 
A Classic ,I Love To Hate You... Elizabeth was never better,of course so is Richard. They love to hate one another and it shows through the works of Shakespeare. A 
history genealogy buff. This DVD was in very good shape and of course we loved the story which is why we bought it though it is not recent ~ just 
Great movie for new big brothers or sisters. Even though I could see this episode on tv for free, I bought it after my 3 year old was born when 
Top O the World, MA!. Got mine See...at Costco See...for 41 bucks. Myeah...only 41 smackers. Da Coppers can t stop me from spreadin da word See...Myeah...and this was a week 
Clint Eastwood as a director is worth Gold... This, together with Letters from Iwo Jima, should be praised as a true history lesson in a compact format.I bought this movie 
GREAT!. I love South Park and this volume has some of the best episodes from the series. It contains the following episodes: An Elephant Makes Love to a Pig, Death, 
A Sexy Sequel. Alyssa Milano stars in this sexy sequel to the first Poison Ivy movie.Milano stars as Lily, a somewhat innocent girl from Kalamazoo, Michigan, who has moved to 
Is it illusion or is it reality?. F X is a dual story. The first is a behind the scenes look at movie magic or special effects . The second 
Giovannona or Coco - whatever you call her, Edwige looks great. A new judge in Sicily goes out fishing by the river one day, only to find the waters to 
Maybe its just me? Is this Flagg again?. Maybe its just my obsession with the work of Stephen King, but I would argue that Linoge is just another incarnation of 
Another Great 80 s Movie ;P. Girls Just Want to Have Fun is One My Favorite 80 s Movies,, tis Romantic,Dancing,Comedy as well,I Own The dvd,you Wont regret buyin it 
Everyone needs a little compassion. A Patch of Blue was a movie I saw on TCM awhile back and this film has never left my mind. Great performances, beautiful, heartbreaking 
Inside Cycling - Sportmanship and. You should watch stage 15, when Lance Armstrong crashed after getting his handlebars caught on a spectator s bag strap. Jan Ullrich, who was barely 
I D LIKE MY COMEDY VERY, VERY BLACK, PLEASE. . . How to describe Carl Reiner s film of Robert Klane s WHERE S POPPA? How bout this: let s 
Overwhelming, alternately troubling and ennobling. I have just watched this film on Turner Classics and I was unprepared for its combination of breadth and depth. It is a courtroom drama, 
Thank you Square-Enix!. If you played Final Fantasy VII and loved it, you will love this movie too.I wish it could have been released in theaters, but I understand why 
...and Michelangelo can paint ceilings. Tagline: One vicious hitman. One fierce cop. Ten thousand bullets. Haha! Yup. That just about sums it up.Someone once said to Quentin Tarantion, I suppose 
Best 90 s tv show. Their was a whole generation of little girls teenagers and young adults sitting down in the 90 s to watch 90210 and party of five.They 
Out of this world comedy. Winter sport and comedy lovers will find this predictable but hilarious. We all know the story. The cute misunderstood guys get their mountain ski resort 
John Malkovich is Great. Movies about presidential assassinations whether fictional or non-fictional are usually lame. They follow the same formula and they always end the same. I guess, technically, In 
I d buy that for a dollar!. In my opinion, at least with regards to Verhoeven s two other sci-fi favorites of mine -- Total Recall and Starship Troopers -- 
The Original Romantic Brit-Comedy!. The 1994 movie, Four Weddings and a Funeral , was an international box office hit and the pioneer in the film genre known as the Romantic 
Wonderful collection, but some technical issues with DVDs. I can t say enough good things about this box set, and the restorations done by Kino. Unfortunately, the Zorro DVD seems 
Jesus!... Where?. This movie is a riot. For those unaware of the work of Trey Parker and Matt Stone pre-Southpark, this has to be one of the most blasphemously satirical 
 Do I sit in it or eat it? I guess I could sit in it AND eat it. . Jim Gaffigan is one of the best comedians I ve 
A Must -Have!. This movie is a must-have if you love rock and roll! Bands like The Who, The Beatles, The Rolling Stones and Led Zepplin changed the way we 
The Mothman Prophecies - a different take. I just read Dirk s spolier ending to the Mothman Prophecies and had to say huh? Demonic, fallen angles? What? Did we watch 
this movie portrays the truely wild part of the wild west... when one COULD take the law into his own hands... but going overboard of-course COULD get the attention of 
Excellent Transfer. Taking into account that this is a 30 year old movie, the transfer is very good. Specially if you enjoy it in a 16:9 Screen.I have always liked 
A deep well. Intrigue over the complexities of this film s subject matter didn t overshadow the effects of its homosexual elements, but the movie s deep well of difficult 
A.I. is an acquired taste. This is not your standard science fiction by any means. While it is flawlessly executed and done beautifully I am afraid most mainstream viewers will 
Make your own film. I hate people who complain that films don t have enough of some element, some band who they want to see. There are enough Oasis, Blur 
No bazooka. Don t let the cover fool you that is not a bazooka that JW is holding. This is a navy war film and a good one. Vintage John 
The cause almost takes over, but the movie still succeeds. Whether or not you enjoy this movie will likely depend on the following two things: 1 Do you require a 
SAD TO SEE IT OVER. I OWN ALL SEASONS AND ENJOYED EVERY ONE OF THEM. I DO BELEIVE THIS WAS THE FINAL SEASON, WISH THERE WERE SIX MORE SEASONS.FARRIA K 
This Is A Must For Anyone Who Remembers These Songs. This DVD is 88 minutes of great songs from the 1950 s. The list of songs is provided above, so 
WHY DID SHE WAIT SO LONG?. One can t help but understand Sondra Locke s obsessive desire for revenge on the scumbags who raped her and her sister...but why did 
A real thriller!. I love this movie, and it is the type of film that was made a long time ago that is just creepy enough to be fun rather 
America s Documentarian Tackles The National Pastime. I see lots of reviews here curmudgeonly dissing Ken Burns Baseball for what it is NOT rather than what it is. For a 
origins and history of Yoga. What a nice surprise. Interesting and well done film; much better than the cover photo might suggest. For those who take yoga seriously or merely 
Love is never Easy... Just some info on the DVD. This is a delightful romantic comedy with a very engaging main actress Marguerite Moreau . After spending years as a 
fun, interactive and attention grabber. Really good for todlers. My daugther is 3 and she can t stop watching it. She repeats after Dora, she plays hide and seek, hiding 
Biting and witty satire. I have to admit that for someone who is normally not much of a movie enthusiast this is one of my all time favorite films. The 
Outstanding Purchase. It s always a privilege to purchase over your prestigious store , and with each DVD you prove how much your service is unique and fast and reliable 
one twisted but moving story. I love all of Van Damme s movieshe rocksgreat actiongreat humor in some of his moviesthe man can actand Im proud of his roots of 
Great movie. Ok to that man, woman, boy or girl, nobody needs a racist because i m 14 and i feel insulted. All black people don t act this way. 
Mickey Mouse Treasurer collection. This is indeed a must collection for all Mickey Mouse or even Disney lovers. Why else can you get these classic and award winning cartoon nowadays. 
Nonstop Insect Action. Our two-year old LOVES this DVD! Unlike other science documentaries, this DVD has very little in the way of a script narration. So the film really gets 
These are 3 great family films!. These are 3 great movies for the whole family. Spanning from the 30 s to the 80 s, you get some of the most 
String theory. .It is very interesting seeing a theory who expleines both mesocosmos and microcosmos. The danish author Martinus writes theory which is available for any cosmos. One of his 
One of my Favs!. I had been waiting for this show to come out on DVD forever!!! And now it s finally here I bought it the day it came 
A Real Halloween Treat. These two and the third Halloweentown movies are really, surprisingly great. At first when they had first announced the original Halloweentown, I thought it would be 
The Wealth of Nations. Great film.Ted Griffin s script is far more powerfull than , say, The Usual Suspects --A fun film with a fun plot twist--but that s a 
Lovely story!. Certainly a triumph for Robby Benson and Lynn Holly Johnson! I didn t even know if this film had survived all the films being rescued from destruction by 
Does ANYONE out there like Season 5?. I love season four. I love the shift in dynamic amongs the trio once Mildred knows Steele s secret. Season five... well, like 
An Unfinished Life CD. This was one of the most enjoyable movies we ve watched. In fact, we first saw it on one of the cable movie channels and decided 
How could it get any better?!. Okay, this was INCREDIBLE!!! This DVD has a great mix of action, drama, romance, tragedy, and comedy. I cannot get enough of these episodes. 
No Mercy shows No mercy. No Mercy 2002 was a great pay per view and i believe it is one of the best of 2002. the matches are out of 
By Dwn s Early Light. A good job giving a possible wose case senerio for WWIII  
I m Sure It Will Be GOOD!. It s about bloody time this film comes out....I haven t seen this disc yet, but since it is a Criterion issue, then...what 
Hilarious, Well Edited, and Deep. This is an amazing DVD. I read reviews online all the time saying anyone will like this , but seriously. I even showed it to 
A Great Escape. I don t often find myself rooting for the bad guys . However likeable they may be, I would rather have them get their just deserts . 
Girlfriends on DVD Finally. You would think I had enough of this show; being it is in syndication on so many channels. Not! Love having this DVD in my collection. 
Will the Real Superman Please Standup. The orignal Superman Series 1 and 2 are great! They brought back a lot of good memories of growing up, sitting around with the 
Everything I wanted. I have been looking for the Hendrix concert footage for awhile. This is worth the full price alone  
A Man For His Times. I have owned a copy of this film for a long time. I have probably watched it ten times, and I always tear up a 
 Round Midnight s cool stuff and real too. I watched this movie about a hundred times because I love jazz and love melancholy movies. It is one of the 
A Great Musician. I am myself a trumpet player... and yet, must confess that i bought this DVD primarily because i knew that Sting performed as a guest on a 
Interesting Look at a Gruesome Tragedy. this film was very well done by director peter jackson of the well known lord of the rings series. this was kate winslet s 
Great Season, Great TV Show, Classic!. I just finished watching the DVD. I was in college when the show first came out so I watched it sporadically and missed a 
A fascinating historical story!. A fantastic historical account of the struggle of a lone genius to find a technical solution to the longitude problem. John Harrison s struggle against the 
Pretty good film... Has some great shots of the mountain, you kind of get a feel for how it would be to climb it. You don t really get too 
I Agree. I agree with the kid who wrote the last review. These are exceptionally well done films and are very faithful to the novels. The performances are all exceptional 
One of those director s cuts that actually is a director s cut. I m sick of so-called director s cuts of films that add little to nothing to the 
Genuinely scary and creative zombie flick. In England, there is a new kind of experiment which involves a special pesticide of radioation that is useful to farmers but unfortunately as 
The Great Irony Of Hole In The Head. The irony that seems to be lost on everyone in this movie is Sinatra s grand get-rich-quick scheme. He s got this 
Not just for Children. I watched this show when it was new and loved it. Now I am 25 and I love it even more, the subtleties of the humor 
Football Funnies. Usually I m not a fan of football movies but this is one of the better ones. It had some great moments both funny and heavy. It s 
It s supposed to be funny - and it is!. Being Scottish, maybe I m biased but this is a brilliant, laugh out loud funny , film. I looked at 
oblivion. I am a fan of Morrowind and was really looking forward to Oblivion coming out. It did not disappoint me. I really enjoyed playing it. However, you must have 
Great value for money. Titles in chronological order, with disk number, side and track number.Maciste in Hell 1925 [8A2]The Lost World 1925 [7B1]The Mistress of Atlantis 1932 [8B1]The Lost City 
The performance of the year. 6 STARS!. This account of one of the most unusual criminals Aileen Wuornos in the American justice system is absolutely brilliantly portrayed by Theron. One 
US, UK and France still made one great thing together... I once saw the play Clouseau s character has been inspired with... This is when Clouseau s explaining Hercule the 
Fun!. I love this movie it s really funny. The only bad thing is is that velma is behind the mask  
Good and funny. This movie not only has some creative fight scenes, it also has some very funny scenes as well. Some scenes will have you laughing, and not like 
Please Bring TAP to DAD as soon as possible. Tap, an all around excellent movie in my opinion. It has brought out the original style of hoofing. Old and young 
This video changed my life, and my diapers. This is an awesome amazing concert video. The band is tight, the sound is superb, the video footage is masterful. I felt 
A great family film. I saw this movie about two years ago! it captured my heart and kept my attention the hole time! the characters are well made and you 
~ Thank the Lord he made this film. Brilliant. ..... loved everything except Rex Reed. WHY did he keep popping up. He had nothing to do with Broadway. That just 
P.U.N.K.S. Wow! this movie is good for the whole family! but the only reason why i got this is so i can se the beautiful Jessica Alba, she has a 
I love it. This was my first exercise ball tape I bought. Being a larger size person, I found that this was a help to getting started. I can do 
Stop Complaining. To everyone complaining that there are way too many versions of the Evil Dead movies, stop complaining. To date, there have been 9 region 1 versions of Evil 
X-men. I remember watching the X-men cartoon as a child. When I was twelve the first X-men movie came out. It was exciting to see all of the characters I 
The One and Only ORIGINAL Doctor!. I had some of the first series on VHS, but it was poorly restored. William Hartnell outshines all of his co stars in these 
Satire at its best. If this flick doesn t demonstrate the absurdity of political correctnous, none will  
Great. This movie was just awesome! Kelly Brook and Billy Zane deliver fantastic performances in this movie, this was definately not the run of the mill cable flick, the acting 
Cards and Tigers World Series. Superb.....Really captures the essence of the games, and with Billy Bob narrating it just seals the deal...A must have for Cardinal fans  
HAIR RAISING FUN. THE BIG TEASE is the second movie I ve seen in the past year about a hairdressing competition. The other is the likewise little known BLOW DRY. 
54. I, have yet to watch this movie. As, it s still in it s factory shrink wrap. I m sure the quality is excellent  
Great Nostalgia = . Alright, I do love this movie.. but it is an 80 s movie. Nothing wrong with that except for it is quite comical when you watch 
One of the best live performances in popular music. If you can recall, Time Magazine picked Bob s Exodus as the best album of the last 100 years. This performance 
one of the best westerns of all time. For A Few Dollars More is one of my favorite movies. The story is tight, lightning fast and the all of the 
Why Isn t This Movie More Well Known?. For Love of Ivy , starring film icon Sidney Poitier and jazz legend Abbey Lincoln, is nothing short of a classic. The 
very good. Very good ,bu not as good as the other films of Michael Douglas.I dont understand the price.Why full screen is higher price than widescreen  
A wonderfully entertaining film perfect for anyone!. This film is a beneficial aspect of any video library, it s great for kids and parents alike. Theres enough wholesome goodness to 
Hans Christian Andersen. This is a wonderful movie and I am very pleased with the service from Amazon and would recommend them to anyone.The only downside of being in New 
A Beautiful and Emotionally Triumphant Picture!. Evita is the movie version of the popular Broadway musical of the same title. It tells the true story of Eva Duarte Peron, the 
Classic Cartoons. Pinky and the Brain are hillarious. As good as Looney Tunes were back in the day  
fallen. absolutely brilliant viewing on the edge of my seat from start to finish, the twist at the end left you wanting for more, absolute for denzil washington fans he 
Hawaii DVD. This product was delivered in pristine condition and within just a few days. I would continue to have the most confidence in this seller.Terri  
gotta love the gwano. not as funny as thumb wars but easily a close second. good stuff.  
Excellent. I bought this because I HATE to exercise! I took tap when I was little and really enjoyed it. The steps are easy and are explained really well. My 
Election. Election sounds like a good movie and I am looking forward to seeing it.Rated R for strong sexualtly,sex-related dialague and language and a scene of drug use.Canada:14A.Warning:Not for children 
Good, Not Ideal Davis. Although this is a good-enough selection of films, MANY of Bette Davis best, and most enjoyable, have yet to be released on DVD. Why, on earth, 
Queer as folk. I really enjoyed watching the first season again, such a great series its a shame that it ended. I ve since gone on and purchased the next 
Great Lessons. A great behind-the-scenes look at decisions that shaped history - and nearly killed all of us.Cross-reference this with the more recent Kennedy biographies for a wider, sobering context.This 
Olivia, I d go STRAIGHT for you! : . You GO, DIVA!! I missed these videos, soooo COOL!! Deeper Than The Night, I think my favorite Olivia song of all-time... 
Liza at her peak!. How lovely to have this tv show at long last on dvd! There are other shows which were done on tv I am still waiting for! 
CAT. When you consider that this DVD was compiled from analog material, the resultant product is quite remarkable. I have been a Cat fan since the 70s and was very 
Cool documentary. I knew nothing about rat fink until I watched this. It is quite well done and informative on the history of Rat Fink and the creator, Big Daddy 
A wild, imaginative and eccentric fantasy. Sequels rarely improve on the originals. Bill and Ted s Bogus Journey is bursting at the seams with wacky humor, craziness and invention. Yes, 
It s aged incredibly well. I was impressed that a movie made in 1948 still had such an impact on me, 60 years later.The story centers around Barbara Stanwyck s 
a true classic in every way.... This is a classic flick in every way! It has some not so great acting, and a little cheesyness here & there, but all 
Good Spy Story. If you have ever worked for a government bureaucracy and you keep up with history and current evets, this movie will bear out greater believeability than the 
There is no happy love!. Ouzon explores the feminine universe through the lives and times of 8 women around the sudden crime of the only man of the house. 8 
Will grip you from start to finish. What more can be said about OZ that hasn t already been said.FANTASTIC,GRIPPING,DISTURBING,EROTIC,RAW,INTENSE,EMOTIONAL......Thanks to Tom Fontana and HBO, yet again , for such 
Multi-dimensional. This movie is so layered that every time you watch it you catch something new and it makes you think of a multitued of possibilies  
Excellent; FANTASTIC. This is an awesome film. Somewhat old, but dam the action doesn t stop coming, I highly recommend you watch this. It is great.I can honestly say this 
 They made a brandy out of Napoleon and a herring out of Bismarck, and Hitler will end up as a piece of cheese! . When you can crack jokes 
Mallrats rocks!. I ve only just seen Mallrats,but I ve seen a whole bunch of other Jay and Silent Bob movies.I just have to say Mallrats is one of Kevin 
Granddaughter s Gift. This gift for my five 5 year old granddaughter was a hit. She has watched it several times and loves it just as much each time. I 
no title. Simply wonderful movie! Combination of Carmen the flamenco film, not the opera, and if you have never seen that, well, do , and The Cutting Edge , with 
Nail-biting suspence!!!!!. This movie was really good. I liked the way the protagonist of this movie tries to figure out what they want from her, and how she can stop 
a perfect movie. This is what a movie should be.First, it is clearly a work of art. The premise of what is was about sounds boring but a movie is 
As scary as it was so many years ago. this movie is a great example of movie making at its finest. The eerie atmosphere makes dialogue unecessary and the creepy 
Good, But Better Than The US Version?. If you have seen the American version of this film, you have basically have seen this with better special effects. With that statement 
One of the best films ever!. Funny to be writing a review so many years after it first opened, but I recently caught it on cable and taped it on 
Rating for HD DVD picture quality and sound. I will not write a review on the actual content of the movie, but I will rate this 5 stars for the 
Great Product!. Well packaged. Arrived in good condition.Some mild language present and violence directed toward the robot. Otherwise, good children s entertainment.  
The GARDENER did it!! Or did he??. I watched this movie without reading the 1932 Dame Agatha Christie novel that it was based on. I m glad I did this! 
A Fantastic Little-Seen Masterpiece. The Conversation is a little seen masterpiece from Francis Ford Coppola, made in between The Godfather and The Godfather Pt. II. It s a mystery-drama, that 
Fandom in all its glory. Okay, they ve finally done it! On top of the documentaries about Elvis fans, Trek fans, and even Mozart fans, showcasing some of the kookier 
Bad Santa. Great Movie. Lets face it, only Billy Bob Thornton could pull off a role such as this one. And what s better than the scene with the Gilmore 
Egads how times have changed. The Mat Helm movies are pretty funny, and of course the girls are pretty - but I imagine the folks from MADD would be horrified 
Just One star for adequate concert footage!. By The Way this applies to both Neil s Greatest Hits Live DVD and STAGES DVD. Tell ya if all of sudden all 
TRUE STORY OR NOT?. IF THIS IS A TRUE STORY, THE WHAT ABOUT RON DIFFAIO, THE SON THAT SHOT IS WHOLE FAMILY IN THE HOME. THE POLICE SAY INSURANCE, BUT 
One of the best endings possible. this movie really kicks a .one of the most interesting fight scenes ever seen.and they weren t playing when they said fight to the 
Great classic Christmas fun. This is one of the newest Christmas classic movies but it s earned its spot as one of the best Christmas films. The jokes are hilarious, 
Animation for any age and taste. Shrek is a film for all ages and the humour will have both adults and children laughing out loud from the beginning to end. 
A Great DVD product. When I inserted the DVD into the DVD player I was pleasantly suprised that the movie was a widescreen presentation. I was happy to be able 
Van Damm The Star?. How can Van Damm be the star of the movie, when he s only in it for about 10 minutes??? Kurt is in most of it. 
Decent. This was a good horror film, and some interesting takes on the vampire genre. It certainly had a few moments of cheese, but Carpenter is a great director even 
See it again. Several reviewers, and probably many viewers, have found this movie boring. Perhaps they should watch again, or perhaps they are not very deep individuals. It may help 
Worth the time. Take a trip back in time and watch this film. See how Johnny still grieves over Sid s death. See the Pistols play a benfit for children. 
a kids review. I love Sonic X, and this dvd seems to be the best one to date. I liked all the episdoes it was touching. I cried when Shadow 
Classic. One of the best films I have ever seen. Sorry I never got around to seeing this one sooner. Impressive acting and phenomenal direction make this film the best 
 Sex And The City or Boys Night Out . Roger Dodger is a very clever and witty film with the memorable performances from Isabella Rossellini, Elizabeth Berkley, Jennifer Beals, 
Intense!!!Logic. This movie is truly a classic. Young people have their Scarface I have my Superfly . Priest always thinking, always intense and always focused. This man shows that he 
A Very Nice Surprise. I wanted to see a movie one evening, and it really didn t matter what movie, I just wanted to get out of the house, and 
4 1 2 Stars. Roman Polanski wouldn t win an Oscar until over 30 years later Best Director, The Pianist , it was this film that skyrocketed him. That s 
Authentic version of Much Ado About Nothing. Since I wrote a scathing review of the 1993 movie version of Much Ado About Nothing directed by Kenneth Branagh and recommended this 
Review of DVD. The package was here in a timely manner and in perfect condition  
A study of the human condition.... Call me weird, but this show is almost a study of human nature. It vividly portrays the many possible ways humans will react when 
The most moving film I ve ever seen. This documentary was so inspiring that I sent it to my parents. None of us are in the education field but I 
Ah, you fixed it, Amazon!. Amazon has now corrected its product description to show that this collection is comprised of 6 movies on 2 discs and NOT 6 movies on 
Great kids films, though as a bundle there is a dud. Overall, these are really fun films: excellent older effects, good plots, timeless themes. I particularly liked Jason, but Gulliver 
I LIKE THIS MOVIE SNOOP!!. I DON T UNDERSTAND WHY THE PEOPLE ON IMDB RATED THIS MOVIE SO LOW!IT WAS A GREAT MOVIE!I LOVE SCRUNCHO,I CALL HIM SCRUNCHY, WITH HIS 
Great Fun. I watched this as a kid and I couldn t get enough of it. It s not great animation, nor is it great television, but it had all 
Jeremy Colson chiming in. There are few amazing drummers out there who can teach at the same high level as their drumming ability. Alan Schechner is one of those rare 
A great film. More subtle than given credit for, this film was made at a time when a few American films were choosing to not pander to their audiences. It 
Beautiful Anthology. This tape is mesmerizing for kids and adults alike. I thought the art and music in America the Beautiful was incredible, and the musical biography of Woody Guthrie 
Exposing Western hypocracy. Chomsky speaks when others are silent. He takes on double standards seen throughout the established political spectrum. Discusses how it is inconsistent and hypocritical to support the 
Ignore those who have no talent!. True, this is a B movie. But, being an exremely successful person in the biz , I can speak with authority and as an 
Supreme Pre-Code. I just wanted to share with you folks, my experience and feelings upon watching this GREAT pre-code, thoroughly enjoyable, entertaining, excellently acted, fast paced, non-stop dialogue, ....This film 
Amazing Documentary. This documentary shows how the children of the red light district get trapped inside of it. Even when help is offered to them, some of their parents don 
A fun introduction to Bhangra. Masala Bhangra vol.1 is a lot of fun. It think it s good for people who are able and willing to do high impact moves 
Great Live Performances. What s odd about this is that I ve at times in the past thought it would be awesome to combine diferent song performances from diferent tours 
Wow. I was very impressed, and this had nothing to do with the drugs I was on!! Ha! Seriously, I loved the movie, it hits on several levels, especially if 
Gentle love story and moral fable . . . Bill Nighy is all painful tentativeness in this HBO film about a shy man who is part of a British delegation 
The best of one of Britain s best comedies. Black Adder IV: Black Adder goes forth is the best of the British comedy that takes satirical swipes at various epochs 
 It s like a G-Dog on a Fly Tip. . Take a out of work journalist, Charlie Sheen, a hustler of the streets, Chris Tucker, and 15 million dollars 
VERY subtle--this one had me laughing at the quietest moments. Though I think this movie depends too much on the original novel for its form, I found it quite funny 
Decent Mob thriller with themes of camaraderie throughout. 10th and Wolf is a story based on actual events from the life of Joseph Pistone, the real Donnie Brascoe. 10th and 
The Chosen. The Chosen is a pretty faithful adaption of Chiam Potek s novel of the same name. I follows the lfie and growth of two Jewish boys and their 
Best 3-D DVD Yet. Field-sequential or alternating-image 3-D isn t a new idea on video. The biggest push for it was in the mid-80s by JVC for their VHD format. 
FD3. Very fast shipping and wonderful 2 disc DVD set. A perfect addition to my collection  
Endearing Sequel. This is an impressive sequel and a very good looking follow-up to ANNE OF THE GREEN GABLES. It is great to see Megan Follows as Anne Shirley once 
Great 80 s comedy. Comming of age in the 80 s is getting made fun of lately, but I thought it was a good time to grow up with the 
Great Family Movie Against Corporate Greed!!!. This is a great family movie about kids fightng against corporate greed in order to save their town park.It s a must see!!  
It s fun to watch people die. The horrow slasher genre is a fascinating one that is difficult to evaluate without seeming to overanalyze. It is a type of film 
reminding us that something really is better than sex. After thoroughly enjoying this film, its stars, and its plot devices including the omniscient taxi driver I was a little surprised 
Three thumbs up!. Midnight Cowboy is a classic film directed by John Schlesinger. Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight are excellent.  
Not in the same league as Chinatown, but still very worthwhile entertainment. This review is for the 1999 Paramount DVD.The Two Jakes is a sequel to Chinatown , a highly 
simon and Garfunkel The concert in Central Park. Wonderful. I forgot how many great songs they have  
Its not where you goin its where your at... This is clearly the most accurate portrayal of hip-hop which at the time was B-BOY music of which I was a 
 I have my little secrets, too . Being a big fan of Dana Andrews it s always a real treat when a new film of his is released on 
Not to be Confused with the Remake. Unfortunately the remake has the same title which may cause some to forgo this marvelous original. If they watch the remake first, I 
DEFINITE ADD TO ANIME COMEDY. I just luv this show, hysterical spoof on law firm culture. The show has all the typical sterotypical characters from the office, the fat lazy 
One of the top trial movies series ever. This lawyer ranks this along with Twelve Angry Men, Judgment at Nuremburg, and To Kill a Mockingbird as one of his favorite 
A fitting tribute. I have to admit, I was worried that this could not be done...I thought it couldn t be believable...that Rocky was just too old...but I have to 
Great dancing & instruction. This is a goo DVD, I enjoyed following along. They showed locking, pointing, wrist rolls, b-balling breakdancing , Apache, Charly-Rock Hip Hop of Charston & the 
ENDURING CLASSIC. Even though this movie has some miles on it...It never seems to be dated ..the story is still full of suspense...and even though we have seen it several 
3...a look into the life of Dale Earnhardt. Found the movie to be quite well done. The actors did a very good job. A bit choppy in moving between events 
An Amazing Deal. I added up these movies and if these versions were bought seperatley they would cost over 400. It breaks down to less than eight bucks a movie. 
A Breath of Fresh Air. A moving story of love, hardship and the human spirit being able to rise above tragedies that sometimes affect out lives. Outstanding performances from Judi 
Great Fall Movie. I love Julia Roberts and Gena Rowlands. Kyra Sedgewick is in this one as well. The film is awesome. It has an awesome plot and the setting 
Wonderful Scottish movie. This is a wonderful movie! Funny and romantic and VERY Scottish. I nearly fell out of my chair when I heard them speaking Gaelic! The story line 
Very pleasant transaction. Fast shipping, condition as described i.e. new - overall, I barely had to think about the purchase, which is the best kind. Thanks  
Really enjoyed this. What a great series. The acting is well done with fun plots.  
if bill forsyth had been spanish ... jorge sanz a looker stars as a soldier deserting from the spanish army during the 1930s civil wars, taken into a family, who 
I HAVE A DREAM. The electrifying speech that changed the hearts and minds of a bitterly divided nation. When 200,000 civil rights marchers - black and white - gathered at 
Steele great, but not the best. This collection is definitely worth having for any Remington Steele fan, but with the last two seasons of the series together in one set, 
Hong Kong Superhero movie done good. I can&#8217;t remember ever seeing a superhero Hong Kong action movie. You would think it would be something obvious to do considering the dynamic 
oh my god. this film has the ultimate babes. there is an bondage scene that will make u scream. a french made who makes ya go ooh la la. And 
great second season. Since I m a fan of misteries and detective series, I got the first box of this serie and I loved so much that I got the 
Beals first major role was played excellently although not flawlessly . Although I ve long known, generally speaking, what this movie is about, I never saw it when it came 
About time someone got it right... ...it s about time respect was paid to all those monster kids of yore that actually had the imagination, creativity and energy to actually 
The series advances. Chamber of Secrets is of course the adaptation of the second book in the successful Harry Potter series, and finds the gang at Hogwarts racing to uncover 
Excellent adaptation from the Bible. This is one of my favorites in the Turner series of the Bible. Richard Harris is outstanding as Abraham, and Barbara Hershey does a marvelous 
John Candy movies are classics!!. John Candy movies have become classics - I grew up watching him and now I am buying the DVDs so my 2 children can enjoy 
The Best of the Vintage. I Spy is that rare show that transcends its genre. Sure it was a espionage program, but it was also high adventure, witty comedy and 
The Christmas carttoon !. My Little Pony : A very Minty Christmas is the greatest take on a Christmas carttoon ! I love My Little Pony carttoon and especaily this 
I m so excited I literally feel like I m going to fall over and die. My anticipation is so great that I can hardly contain myself. I m counting 
Better than Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. Cinderella is the film that saved the Walt Disney Company.I don t want to tell the story because everyone knows the story 
Different from the norm. I always said I didn t have time for exercise, with this dvd I have no excuses. Even the fast-track option which gives you about a 
Down and Out. Down PeriscopeFor the Navy this is a test of defenses. For Lieutenant Commander Thomas Tom Dodge Kelsey Grammer this is a test of mettle. For Lieutenant Emily 
Really great workout. I had read different reviews about this dvd and fully expected it to be more dancey than I would like. However, I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, it 
Excellent!. This two DVD set is a real investment.You may only watch the educational DVD once, but the actual practice DVD you will probably use hundreds of times. That assumes 
RockStar Rocks !!!. My Wife and I followed this show and loved many of the performances...Now with this DVD we get to re-live some of those moments and we found 
SUPERB AND LIKABLE FROM BEGINNING TO END. Paul Walker stars in this almost perfect family action film about a team of eight sled dogs hence the name , who have 
LOVE THIS MOVIE...You Gotta love little Joaquin fka. If you have kids, this is one of the funniest and truest movies ever made about life and its messy rollercoaster ride. 
the lives of a bengal lamcer. gary cooper at his best, however to our standards now the action is a bit slow,but i am glad to see this picture again 
Classic!!!. One of vandammes best films. This film is a true classic. One of his best films of all time. IMOTons of action from beginning to end. I remember seeing 
great cast. This movie is the best remade, Shakespeare movie I think I ve ever seen. It doesn t have Shakespeare s script, but it is based on the play 
A SWEET FILM, INDEED. Unquestionably one of the most popular and influential movies of all time, Federico Fellini s masterpiece is presented digitally remastered in its entire rich, moody black 
Amazing Cast-Good Movie. Showtime brings to the screen the pairing up of two police officers recruited to take part in a reality, Cops-like, TV show.Robert De Niro, Eddie Murphy, Rene 
Jamie Oliver as You ve Never Seen Him Before. This is a great series that originally aired on the BBC and also played on the Food Network. I saw it 
Nice intermediate Pilates practice with excellent form pointers. Hilary Burnett s Mind Body Mat combines a very good intermediate level Pilates mat practice with exceptional form pointers. At the start 
Beautiful. This is a story about the love between people that transends death itself. It also shows that a person is willing to be condemned to hell forever just for 
Hepburn at her finest. This accomplished actress entertains and delights as a giddy, free-spirited young woman trying desperately to live in reality  
A Must See. Anytime existential angst overtakes you, watch this movie. A gorgeous work of art that leaves you feeling warmly connected to the Human Family, warts and all. This 
You weren t here tonight... It is what I call one of the sick day movies or snow day movies, because it is a movie that requires you to be 
Chris Rea s Best. This is Chris Rea s Best CD ever!! I love the live recordings and the way you can feel how much Chris puts into his music. 
If you love Livvy..... Ok, so this movie was a flop...story is kind of silly, but if you LOVE ONJ like I do, you will enjoy this! Livvy is beautiful 
The true American classic. This is a great movie. I read the book in seventh grade and I love this movie. I can t belive that in some places in 
light and funny. Very surprised by the other reviews here. Saw this on cable recently. Watched it a few times and decided I wanted to buy it....very cute! Both Ashton 
Disturbing and Real. This movie will stay with you for a long while, whether you want to remember the images or not. It tells the story of the underbelly of 
Greatest injustice since Sacco and Vanzetti. The question at hand in the film Paradise Lost is not as much did these three teenagers commit this heinous act, but rather was 
MASTERPIECE. The Comeback is the funniest, brillant show I ve ever seen.You have to watch it from begging to end to really get into the show  
An Excellent movie. Passion s way movie is based on the Novel The Reef by Edith Wharton. The American novelist Edith Wharton spent most of her professional life in Europe. 
awsem. this wa a great movie and held my intrest the whole time. ending was awsem  
excelente. Realmente creo que esta sea la mejor comedia que ha hecho Hugh Grant. El est fantstico y me parece que hace muy buena pareja con Drew Barrymore.El hecho de 
Carl Sagan inspired many with his series Cosmos... It was a great experience for me to see the &quot;man behind Cosmos&quot;, a series that years ago changed my life  
Heaven is Shania Twain Performing her Songs!!. Yes, I m another shaniamaniac fan, so please forgive my passions and emotions. My family are already saying nasty things to me. Especially, 
Roswell rocks!. I want to get roswell so much because i have seen it on tv before and i LOVED it! I think roswell should be a five star!Who ever 
The Best. If I had to choose my favorite movie over my lifetime it would have to be Black Orpheus. Simply put, it is a poem on film.The excellence of 
Nothing Special about Special Edition. This is a review of the DVD itself, not the movie. Not sure why they decided to release a special edition. Really the only thing 
Is It Good? Heck Yeah!. Gungrave is an drama fantasy anime set around the 1960 s. Harry McDowell and Brandon Heat were just two young street punks, who stole things 
Has Jamie bitten off more than he can chew??. He may have, but that s half the fun of watching this series..I wanted to write a review about this because 
The Secret is Finally Revealed. This well respected and authentic depiction of this documentary should receive the upmost praises. Finally the History Channel brings to viewers how this demonic secretive 
A truly remarkable film which is worth more than 5 stars. This Film, 500 Nations, is more than I could ever have dreamed of, I ama true believer of the 
great 30 minutes workout. I was glad to see these dvd s of Hilary Burnett s being re- realeased at a cheaper price since there were so many good reviews 
Whimsical and beautiful film. I love all the Studio Ghibli films and this one was one of the first I bought. I cannot say how well the American release stacks 
Beware the Frail of mind . An excellent film, with respect to acting, script, production values, and theme. The theme--a timely one--is the narrow divide between religious enthusiasm and murderous 
Good Bye, Lenin!. German with English subtitles. I ll summarize what s on the cover.Alex and his family live in East Germany. His mother, a devoted Communist, goes into a 
 I m sure the secret of any relationship is to treat disasters like incidents. . Based on the book by Vita Sackville-West s son Nigel Nicholson, the BBC film 
Great workout. I have been using the tape for a week now. I do both cardio segments and the sculpting one. After just a week I can fit into clothes 
The movie gets five stars. But the dvd gets only 3 from me, so it averages out to a 4 star release. I was happy when I found out one 
Reasonably good for an incredibly ambitious project. Any effort to survey the whole history of the Broadway musical theatre inevitably involves difficult choices of what to include and what to 
I m So tired of being good!. I m SO happy!!! Cry-Baby AT LAST ON DVD!! about time! This is a MUST SEE MOVIE! If you havent got it, GET 
One Of The Greatest Adventure Romance Epics Ever Made. I ll say it again: This is one of the greatest adventure romance epics ever made -- and I don t 
Just Excellent. Being a huge fine of MM like I am, I just bought this package on a whim. I was not disappointed. The package has The Big One , 
two good flicks. a previous reviewer trashed pi, why i cannot comprehend, its blend of schizoid paranoia and underground religious themes leads to an engrossing and disturbing film, well worth 
Another GREAT movie hollywood & the Academy ignored. Black America fell in love with this movie while White America slept on it.Could the racial divide in this country be any 
Better than the first and very enjoyable. How do you follow a bloody, though often slow at times, sword-fighting extravaganza? Any attempt to either recreate the magic of the first 
Greatest set about the greatest generation. Outstanding series. I could watch this over and over and still be touched by the courage and sacrifice of these men  
Blue s Big Band. This a cute fun video and one of my favorite blues clues videos. I m a home daycare provider. Over the yrs I have collected over 
~Captivating~. Superb casting and dark, realistic character storyline make this one of the best crime dramas ever.Deniro s character really deep inside does not want to live anymore since life 
Didn t everybody feel this way in High School?. I know I did. Sometimes the pressure of stupid jocks and stupid plastics cant drive you up the wall! This movie 
What can I say. I liked this movie when it first came out.Most of the reveiws on this site gave it problems.Movies of this sort do.This is a SciFi movie 
Keep Your Eye on the Prize!. GOAL! Motivational guru Anthony Robbins calls a goal a dream with a deadline. I sense it is far more than that. A goal is 
The best one yet. I have several of these 50 movie packs, and overall, this one was by far the most enjoyable. Most interesting to me were the musicals produced 
A CINEMATIC MASTERPIECE: CRITERION EDITION. Thank you Criterion! This wonderful DVD presented by Criterion is the one to purchase. Having owned the masterworks DVD, I can state without any hesitation 
pretty good. THe workout is divided into 10 minute body segments - core, abs, thighs etc and you can customize your workout with which 10 min sections you want to 
Walken, Talkin . Great Comedy, decent drama, flawed crime thriller...Though the above is true, we throw into the fold one Mr. Christopher Walken and low and behold we get greatness... 
Acceso total!!!. Es verdad, en este DVD podemos ver desde una muy creativa forma de resumir la vida de la bella Hilary Duff, con fotos que van desde sus primeros 
The Best Season of All. This season of the West Wing is the best of all seaons. The story lines in the season see SO Real that you ll really 
Pretty Funny. This is a good movie. It does have several slow parts, but it is worth watching. Christopher Lloyd and Michael Jeter play characters similar to Don Knotts and 
Very enjoyable!!!. I loved this movie from the first couple of minutes. The characters were engaging and the plot held my attention the entire time. I loved Shannyn Sossamon s 
oh so Mr Moto. I ve always loved mysteries and Mr Moto is no exception. His sophistication and suavity is wonderful. Bravo to releasing these wonderful old movies. They re 
Great cast, plot twists, amazing landscapes. This film was generally overlooked upon release. Predating Lone Star and Thunderheart, this film has three amazing things going for it: 1 the cast 
Must-have for Cards fans!!!. This DVD set has all 5 games with Detroit, and games 5 and 7 of the Mets series. Of course, commercial free with great audio and 
 You must not care whether you live or die . There were three medieval British Isle films released in 1995 -- Braveheart, Rob Roy and First Knight. Mel Gibson 
Still Hilarious!. The humor of Paul Rubens meets the dark genius of Tim Burton. Hadn t seen the movie since I was a kid and found even more to laugh 
Interesting documentary, interesting photographer. Well my local video stores didn t carry the film so... I ordered it online. It s very interesting to see how the man worked, both 
the best documentary ever. This was as true to life as you can get. A dramatic, intense documentary about the Battle of the Bulge. Any WWII veteran will appreciate the 
ron and bob s shining moment. Ronald Reagan s acting proved when he had material and a good director he was better than people thought. On the other hand Bob 
5 stars are not enough. OMG - This DVD is fantastic! Disc 1 is not quite as good as disc 2 but that does not detract from how oustanding this 
So Much Younger Than Today. The second the Beatles step foot off the plane at JFK, the US was never the same. Here it the film that proves that statement 
What Ever Happened To Nastassja Kinski?. I recently watched this movie again after 20some years. I enjoyed it more than before. Ok, this is probably because, I was 12 then 
The Lesser Hammer Horrors Receive Excellent DVD Treatment. Hammer Studios of England had been around for several decades--occasionally dabbling in low budget films and BBC radio and television, but more 
An Urgent, Controversial, Challenging Film from Argentina. Though the essence of this story goes all the way back to Greek plays, the theme of this radiant film has rarely seemed 
Funny and Irresistible...... Buddy is such a cute movie. It is the telling of a true story in which Trudy Lintz, played by Rene Russo a true animal lover, adopts 
Better than I remembered. I watched this movie years ago after discovering Zhang Yimou s other great films Raise The Red Lantern, To Live, etc. I remember being a little 
great movie. this really is a great movie....its an aussie flick...the characters are colourful and funny...some truly great moments in the film that make you realise that people are people 
Excellent Gift DVD. Short and to the point.....Excellent DVD set for personal use or as a gift. Very funny and uplifting  
Very taught, very intriguing. My wife and I saw this movie on its opening weekend and both of us were blown away by the storyline and the acting. We ve 
Day lights up the screen in her final film role. WITH SIX YOU GET EGGROLL is a charming family comedy, in the vein of Yours, Mine and Ours and The 
Forget the Bible,. Seven Samurai is really the greatest story ever told! I won t go into why here because there are plenty of reviewers both here and elsewhere on 
EXTREMELY ENTERTAINING TALE SET IN OUR NATION S CAPITAL. I really like William Holden in the early 50 s: he was fresh, full of energy, upbeat, physical - and when 
One of the best films of 2006. Aside from Leonardo DiCaprio and Djimon Hounsou s brilliant acting choices, duly rewarded with Oscar nominations, Blood Diamond offers action, adventure, drama, and 
The Vanishing 1993 . In 1988, director George Sluizer had directed a film entitled, THE VANISHING. The film was all in Dutch and starred Dutch actors, who are nowhere near 
A Must-See Film!. This is the inspiring true story of how a small school in West Texas, with an unproven coach, and an all-black starting team of basketball players changed 
Silence of the Lambs. Enjoyed movie very much. 2nd disk had info that inhanced the viewing of the movie  
The Harsh Reality of the Degradation of Addiction. The is a tragic but very true to life depiction of the degradation caused by addiction to individuals, families, and society. The 
One of my favorite movies... A Thin Line Between Love and Hate stars Martin Lawrence, Lynn Whitfield, Regina King, Bobby Brown and Della Reese. This is easily one of my 
Great. The DVD was delivered quickly, and in great condition. I have watched it several times, and it has worked perfect everytime  
Magnificent!. A dream cast doing one of the world s finest plays. A wonderful portrayal of the Russian aristocracy, in all their pomp and silliness, before the revolution. Each character 
A fun film to watch!. This is the kind of film that is fun to watch alone or with friends. I enjoyed the music as well as watching young new 
comic relief. This show provides comic relief during especially stressful times at college...picture seven 19 year old girls crowded around a laptop, watching a Golden Girls DVD on a Friday 
Great for sports and digital SLR photography - buy it!. Of all the instruction and training I ve received over the years, I thought this was one of the best, 
very cool. I just recently came out as a Madonna fan after seeing the Confessions tour. I had so much fun, that I went back and bought all her other 
Great music, great human interest. Aside from the wonderful performances, watching Bernstein in action is fascinating. He s the archetype of heroic conductor leader  
Overlords of the underworld ruled a dynasty of death!. I was duped! Oh, not so much by the film The Enforcer 1951 , but by my own expectations...you see, most 
The Best Band In The World. Reviewer: G. M. R. JOSE GRAZ - See all my reviewsIf you enjoy their music and had the chance to go to one of 
Katie B. loves Jensen. This is a good show. At first I thought it would be a blowout but my friend who loves Jensen Ackles recommended it to me or 
Battle of the Sexes!. I always loved this dark comedy drama about martial life gone southward. The leads Kathleen Turner & Michael Douglas have terrific chemistry, but then again they 
 Uh-Oh! . Let s face it: Sealab 2021 isn t for everyone. Either you get this brand of bizarre, off-the-wall comedy or you don t. The series style of 
Mark the Shark. Great insights; worth the time and money; wateched it many times and always see something ne  
 Bittersweet. . The Woodlanders is a superficial but tasty version of the lesser-known Thomas Hardy novel. Grace Melbury Emily Woof , the only child of timber merchant, George Melbury 
epic. I know John S. didn t approve of this release, but I think he s being a bit picky. This will go down in history as one of the 
THE best DVD Videos for your child. My son is turning two in three days days and these dvds and videos have been the most used toys that he has. 
Don t be fooled. Awesome movie!. A lot of people myself, included were skeptical when this movie was released. Ok, a white guy let alone Tom Cruise playing the Last 
WOW. I first watched this film only one week ago. It is the most informative documentary I have ever seen about the war in vietnam. I am much to young 
SPENSER IS THE BEST!. As a long time fan of Robert Urich and Robert B Parker, I felt that the Spencer For Hire TV series and books were of the 
Hilarious!. I bought the series for Hugh Laurie and I found out that Stephen Fry totally captivated me. One of the funniest British comedies around--and overall, a program worth watching 
FANTASTIC AND FUN. This is a fantstic dvd for beginners and advanced dancers...It teaches you many different steps and routines and gives you very direct instructions on each step to 
VERY GOOD VOODOO FILM: UNDERRATED!. When I first heard about how bad this film was years ago from friends, I decided to delay viewing it since it was busy time 
Campy...cute. Sort of like Grease Outsiders gone crazy. Good movie and performances. I had no idea Johnny Depp could sing. I enjoyed the jail house rock spoof, and the music 
Very good but very predictable. See plot summary Imelda Staunton s mesmerizing and captivating performance makes this a stunning film. Yet, it s entirely predictable, from the cases she s 
wonder showzen. I had been looking for this item and ordered it from Amazon, where I was pleasantly surprised to receive the merchandise right away and in perfect condition. Everything 
This Is THE One !!. This has got to be the BEST adaptation of Jane Eyre that I have ever seen. And Samantha Morton is the reason. She is positively 
You will be moved by this unique reflection on loss, sexuality, and family. This is an enjoyable film, even if there is an atmosphere of quiet sadness that runs throughout 
Jimmy Neutron is a classic. We originally got this movie on VHS, but a naughty recorder overwrote it with Fox Network drivel.So I bought the DVD. We still love the 
A good PT session. I did a short stint at Naval Officer Candidate School and this sure brought back memories. OCS is taught by Marine Corps drill instructors and I 
Remembering the dead... The first day a girl dies with her head emptied out. Perhaps she had remembered the truthMemento Mori, the second installment of the Korean high school trilogy 
Watch - don t listen. This movie is a tasty eye candy. The plot is awkward at best. The original novel is not much better, by the way. I am 
Exellent chase movie.... Shoot to Kill is one of Sidney Poitier s more interesting movies during the last part of his career. In this movie, he played an aging, city-grown 
Loved Sweet Dreams . I saw this movie when it first came out & loved it. I recently found out I knew some of the actors & watched it again. 
Natalie is an unhappy, spoiled woman. If I had a husband like Sinclair Rickman , I would never cheat on him especially NOT with my brother!! He s totally devoted 
very good. this movie is very good...it was a little hard to follow in places...the special effects were amazing and the story was great too...it lost points for me when 
The most perfect movie I have ever seen. Ok, granted nothing can be completely perfect. But I never seem to be able to find a single thing to complain about 
Same old Moose and Squirrel. I purchased this set as a gift for my husband. It s a great way to watch all of the old cartoons we both watched 
What Can I Say. When you see two of the best hollywood stars together ina motion picture, you just know it has to be somethingoutstanding, well this movie is now 
NOW THIS IS THE BEST OF AJ STYLES. AJ Styles is one of TNA s major breakthough stars and homegrown acts. His high flyin style along with actual ground wrestling 
Grips with the intensity of a toe pick. The Cutting Edge is one of those break out feel good movies you can watch anytime and it s still as much 
great. When my son asks me about 9 11, I ll show him this dvd. I can t remember the last time I was brought to tears, but this dvd 
Funny as your friend getting kicked in the stones!. This movie moved me. It moved me to tears. The story of Richard Rich is a tragic one. A child and 
A Timeless Treasure. How delightful to learn that this movie has been issued again as a DVD. I can do little more than echo the praise of the other reviewers. 
Watch it in July, August and all year round!. In July is one of the movies that I can watch over and over. I will not cover the plot, since 
spice up your life. I m giving this cd 5 stars, so I must still like the Spice Girls. My obsession died down a little since grade nine. I m 
Smokin . A vortex of spirituality, sexuality, energy, and blues, Beth Hart is as hot as a two-wicked candle - even while sober, especially while sober. She is very much 
Great Ending for a comedy. I loved the final series, You won t be disapointed if you buy this video. A must have for a Red Dwarf fan  
Good fun for kids. This was pretty cute and funny, really if I could have I would have given it 3.5 stars, but there s not half star rating here.All 
George Bernard Shaw, ingeniously... George Bernard Shaw was simply ingenious when he wrote Pygmalion, and when the story was brought to the silver screen it did Shaw justice. Pygmalion is 
 Don t give me that love stuff. . In Railroaded , Clara s Beauty Salon operates as a front for a gambling racket, and it s part of a 
 The Retard or the Poser? ~ Vampires in the Desert. Be forewarned those who may be driving in the desert at night on some dark, deserted piece of highway. 
By far, one of the best Trek movies... This movie has been lambasted by fans and critics alike, but I think it was never truly given a fair shake. It 
This is just great stuff..... Yes, my mock Amazon name is Dirk Diggler long story ,but this is Boogie Nights .I can t say this movie was over-looked , because 
Sure surprised me!. In the late 1980s and early 1990 s, it looked as though Seagal would join the ranks of Hollywood s top action stars. You would hear his 
Great Gift for any Crossword Puzzle Fan. The DVD of the documentary film Wordplay hit the stores this week. When the film originally played the Philadelphia Film Festival this past 
Funny movie. Still one of the funniest movies I think I ve ever seen. Do yourself a favor and rent it and see if you like it  
Almost as good as Pride and Predjudice . This is a fabulous story, taken from a novel written by Catherine Gaskell. This production sticks pretty closely to the original text 
The Mirror Has Two Faces. This is a favorite movie of mine. All the stars are great in it and the story is very endearing and humorous with a redeeming 
Life goes by fast.If you don t stop and look at it,it could pass you by. One of John Hughes best films,Ferris Bueler made me laugh harder than any other 
Drunken Masterpiece. I have always been a fan of Kung fu flicks, I am the geek that discusses who could beat who in a fantasy fight for god knows what 
This is fun. The actor Mongo whatever, is a trip to watch!! The gore is funny as hell! The shovel scene makes me cringe every time I see it. Also 
Finally on DVD! Yay!. True, this isn t a series for parents looking for advice as one of the previous reviewers critiqued , but this is MY FAVORITE baby show 
Artillery, Saddam Hussein and the Mossad = Gulf War. This is the true story of Dr. Gerald Bull played by Frank Langella in a simply excellent performance. Kevin Spacey is 
Why can t more comedies be this funny?. I love this movie! Silly, fun, politically incorrect and funny as all heck. Burt Bacharach s score is marvelous--sleek, sly and sexy. 
 These babes are a real health hazard. . Loyalty amongst thieves is the theme in the French crime film Touchez Pas au Grisbi. Aging gangster Max Jean Gabin is 
great movie. this really is a great movie....its an aussie flick...the characters are colourful and funny...some truly great moments in the film that make you realise that people are people 
THIS IS NOT A VAN DAMME MOVIE! CHECK ASIN OR UPC. THIS IS NOT A VAN DAMME MOVIE! CHECK ASIN OR UPC.This movie is a martial art film about the 
Excellent message for teens!. Molly Ringwald shines in this film as she portrays a high school senior who ends up pregnant. She and the father get married and try to 
major stokkage. this movie if not any other movie is perfect to watch the night before a big surf trip, it gets you psyched. this is the ultimate surf movie. 
Mean Machine A PROPER game of footy . The formula is familiar but enjoyable. A group of British tough guys are assembled for an enterprise that combines violence with humor, 
The coming home from war movie. I love this movie, it is a must see for anyone who is in the military or is a military family member. It is 
Shine on DVD. Loved this movie, have viewed multiple times. I am glad that I bought this.  
Incredible. With so many reviews posted, I m reluctant to add one more, but I do want to add my voice to the cheering section. I ordered this DVD after 
Big Fat Hit. My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a great movie! My mother loved it when we saw it in theaters, and I got it for her for Christmas 
 Am Turning South . Amundsen uttered these words or similar once his first goal, conquest of the North Pole, was achieved before he could get there. One final goal 
An Unfinished life. Great movie, I couldn t see Jennifer Lopez and Robert Redford together but was I wrong! Morgan Freeman was awsome as usual! It s a must see!! 
Wow! What I never knew!. JFK: The Case for Conspiracy spells out all the information that the Warren Commission never told America. As young as I was in 1963, I 
Bravo!. I have seen many hundreds of movies in my lifetime, and I must say, this is very close to being my favorite.It is not a giant movie... it is 
Another Excellent History Channel Documentary. This exceptional History Channel documentary looks at the last month of the Civil War. Lincoln is ready to sue for peace; Booth awaits his chance 
Best sitcom in a long while. My Name is Earl is a million times better than Gray s Anatomy. I hate that show. I think it is so stupid and 
Just as I remember it. The extra material on the DVD adds to the re enjoyment of the series. Crockett and Tubbs defined cool for an era. The only downer 
Good combination but Poor Casino Royale DVD Transfer. I am entirely disappointed with the CASINO ROYALE DVD. The DVD image is not especially detailed to my eye and there are 
Very Sad and Dark. No, I am not saying that this was a horrible disc and you shouldn t buy it. I am saying this because all three episodes on 
Great DVD set. Many extras in this set. Behind the seens footage and background stories  
That Monk is one smart cookie. Monk is quite an interesting show. It is about this character named Adrian Monk played by Tony Shalhoub, Wings , who is an obsessive 
Gorgeous New Transfer. For those of you who may be reluctant to buy this because of the specifications listed on the back of the box, let me set your mind 
Funny. I thought Topper was good, but Topper Return s even funnier. If you ve never seen any of Topper s series. Watch the first one Topper then watch Topper 
Laura, A Name to be Remembered!. I first saw Laura as a young woman, but I had not seen it for many years. However, the aura of Laura remained with 
like everything except the cardio. There are four workouts on this DVD. One is a ballet-type lower body, one is yoga pilates inspired lower body, a 12 minute full body 
The Nutty Professor 1996 . Eddie Murphy s gives the best performance of his career as Professor Sherman Klump, Buddy Love and 5 other charachters!The most hilarious scenes in this 
Funniest of them all. This sequel will have viewers in sidestitches laughing their heads off! Regina Hall and Anna Faris return to play their hilarious characters and the Wayans brothers 
Delight and challenge. This film is a real delight, but it also has a message about our consumer culture. Don t miss the deleted scenes: I m sorry the director 
An Overlooked Gem. My husband had been telling me about this movie for years. Most of the lead actors have unfortunately passed away. A very young Denzel has a small, 
Thought provoking. I consider myself a believer in creation that all started about 6000 years ago. I have read and viewed much information for and against the 6000 year old 
Finally. I waited and waited for this DVD to be released and by the time it was I d nearly forgotten how much I wanted it.--Needless to say, I remembered 
Delightful Leslie. The first time I saw this movie - several years ago - I was not very impressed. But now, today, it appeals to me much more. I can 
Wrath of the norsemen. If you want to listen and watch all Amon Amarth-songs for a very reasonable price, you should really buy this music-dvd. Some songs are performed in 
Accurate and Entertaining. Well, of course, no historical movie is ever completely accurate but I think the film provides a legitimate view of who Michael Collins was and of the 
A Well Spun Yarn. Spoilers . A man and his wife lived on a farm. They were having financial troubles and one day the man went up to his wife.He 
BEWARE STRUGGLING ARTISTS. Absolutely riveting performance by Noah Taylor as the thirty-year old Adlof Hitler. The story is very uneven, however, but Taylor is perfect and brings the film up 
The most romantic movie ever!!!. Somewhere in Time is by far the most transcendant romantic movie I have ever seen. It is old. Christopher Reeve made it before we knew 
Woo s International Calling Card. This is the Hong Kong action crime film that kick started the flagging careers of director John Woo and actor Chow Yun Fat. Prior to 
Charming version of old favorite. Definitely a keeper in the family movie collection. I had already seen the movie and decided to buy it and so when pucrhasing at Amazon 
a beautiful, moving cinematic masterpiece. One of the most recent additions to my film collection is Vctor Erice s Espritu de la colmena The spirit of the Beehive , made 
Monk quartet. The playing is very good, but seems a bit awkward and strained due to the lack of an audience on both sessions; the players seem a but more 
Humorous for couples with infertility. Almost Pregnant is particularly humorous for couples who are experiencing problems with infertility  
My boys LOVE it!. We just got the DVD about a week ago and my kids love it! My boys love videos and dancing and this was perfect for them. 
THE MORE LIGHTHEADED IT LOOKS, THE SCARIER. Johnny Truelove Hirsch is pushing weed to local teenagers and everything seems to be fine in his quiet life till his authority is 
Great gift. This made a great gift for my 13 year nephew. He loved it  
Halloween Night will truly deliver for horror fans!. I went into my viewing of Halloween Night cautiously, not expecting much. I was dead wrong! This horror flick will produce some 
Dora Explorer-Pirate Adventure. All the Dora Explorer Items are great. My 3 1 2 loves them all. She plays with all and intermingales them. They are good toys for the 
Gay Detective Mystery. I hope that more of this series will be published on DVD for those of us who cannot watch them on the broadcasters network - being in 
Anime with a sense of humor. When I saw this I though &quot;why not, it doesn t look overly violent&quot;. Boy am I glad I tried it. While there are 
This movir top them all. Mr. Holland teaches music with an iron fist! He is a die hard teachers!He has family problems, he gets the whole town to love music 
A Yogi s Dozen. In my opinion this DVD is about as good as it gets for the beginner. 12 Basic postures and the Sun Salutation thrown in for good 
Don t waste your tim on the Remix!. I was given the Special Fan Remix edition of this film last Christmas, and I must say, the so-called bonus features only 
Outstanding 80 s youth movie!. It really seems to be a trend to look back on past decades and ridicule just about everything that has come before . It makes 
2 Great Christmas Features!. I bought this movie mainly for Frosty, but ended up loving both of the movies! I really didn t like Frosty Returns, and when I found 
Better than average movie. Al Pacino plays a CIA agent who recruits James Clayton Colin Farrell because he s a highly intelligent prospect. Also, Clayton s father was in the 
Great Bond movie--5 stars, poor extras 2 stars This review is for the 2007 remastered edition . The five stars above is for the movie and this clear, digitally cleaned 
Mark Ruffalo Emerges as a Great Actor. One of the most compelling events of the release of Kenneth Lonergan s You Can Count On Me is that it gave visibility 
An Outstanding British Period Drama!. Produced and co-written by John Hawkesworth best known for his role as producer and co-writer of Upstairs Downstairs , The Duchess of Duke Street which 
Here we go again?. I saw this film when it was released in 1976 and have not seen it since. It affected me profoundly as I remembered coming home from 
Fablulam Mirabilem. Entertaining, historically accurate except for the female wardrobe; the starlets complained that Roman womens attire was unflattering to their bodies. Tough tintinabulas, toots! Rome was as sophisticated a 
Barbarella s influence on pop-culture...!. OK, we all know that Duran Duran got their name from the evil doctor in Barbarella, but Barbarella s influence on pop-culture extends far beyond 
A smart, romantic comedy set in a beautiful European backdrop. If you haven t seen this film yet, do so - if for no other reason than to see one 
sweeeeettt... you gotta get the whole series....you can t just get one or two dvds...you need the whole thing, trust me. Once you start you gotta go all the way 
Brilliance And Courage, Then And Now. It s almost impossible to set too much praise on this movie. Harkening back to an age when those who delivered the evening news 
Great Series. You don t need to hear it again. If you ve read any of the other reviews for this series, you know by now that you should be 
A must have for every family. This movie is a classic with many lessons and family values. It was enjoyed by every member in the family both old and young. 
One heck of a great thriller!. Eye For An Eye is an incredible thriller that will fill you with rage over how criminals in our country can get away with 
BOND IS BACK !. and better than ever.while ive come accustomed to ridiculous plots and convoluted baddies whod rather monolog bond to death,this is a breath of frenetic air.in their 
This is the best. This has all the hits that I know of that Boz had and the band is world class that plays and sings with him  
There s something about repression..... Read between the lines, Stephane is nuts about her, and totally paralyzed. This reminds me of Remains of the Day. Everything is inside, screaming to 
This is a good one!. This was the first DVD that we bought from Shawn Trautman s collection and we thought it was very well done. We learned some very 
XCitation Magazine Review Nov 2006. XCITATION MAGAZINE REVIEWS[...]After two and a half years the Ski Your Best [part 2 of Learn to Ski] is now available. It was produced by 
Good Instruction. Dennis and Theresa teach 3 steps on the introductory level for each of 10 dances and point out the similarities among the various dances. Dennis has a pleasing 
In honor of those who served so well.... For many years, it was almost impossible to see this classic from among the films produced in 1942, during some of England 
make another movie. I bought the Firefly series on DVD after watching Serenity in the theaters. I am completely blown away that the executives at FOX dropped the ball and 
Sorry, Godfather. With apologies to The Godfather, Robert Altman s masterpiece Nashville stands as one of the best, if not the best, films the 1970s produced. Coming on the heels 
The Mark Of Zorro in origianl B&W and Color Also. FOX has done an excellent job with this release of the Mark of Zorro. This is a two sided disc. 
THE REAL DEAL ON SOUTH CENTAL L.A. I really think this DVD will be one of those hood classics. Giving us the real on bangin. From WC to Snoop to 
So real. So torn! So beautiful. I watched this movie for the first time when I was 15 years of age. I remembered crying like anything, even though I was 
Samurai Champloo & Kung Faux are good to go!. Are you ready to be served a feast of hip hop beats and Asian pop culture? Just order a dvd box 
Funny, exciting, sexy, scary. This movie has it all. Johnny Depp is to die for and Orlando Bloom is always a great actor. Will watch it again and again  
Never has a movie so fully redeemed itself in the last 15 minutes. Unlike Saw II, Saw III starts off on shaky ground and feels a bit forced. The traps 
By Far My Favorite Disney Movie!. I love this movie because it s very cute and sweet. One of my favorite parts is when all the dogs are sending around 
Another great installment to the Charmed series. I really enjoy the Charmed series, and season seven is simply another great season packed with drama and comedy  
Unusally brilliant film. Sex and Lucia is more than just nudity and a weird [carnal] scene. Those were the sole reasons my boyfriend asked me to purchase the movie. He 
A deceptive film Some Spoilers . Straw Dogs deceives the viewer by focussing on mild-mannnered mathematical wimp, David Sumner and his bored, restless young wife Amy. What the film does 
Hired Gun. Soft-spoken, hard-eyed, and traveler of a million rough-and-tumble miles, Sam Elliott plays Calvin Dexter, an ex-army special forces warrior who served as a tunnel rat in Vietnam. Armed 
good movie!!!. I like the movie, it has its slow moments just like any other movie but good, the actors on the movie are some of the best,!! overall good! 
if you love Owen Wilson... From the very first scene you know that this film is going to showcase Owen Wilson being Owen Wilson. I happen to enjoy his mixture 
Sick, Twisted Little Film From Basket Case Director...4.5 stars. Well, I have to admit that after I saw the sick BASKET CASE, I wondered what other movies Frank Henenlotter had 
Brilliant ending to a brilliant - and inexplicably cancelled show. Angel Season Five was perhaps the best season of the series, which made its cancellation by the soon to be 
I love this DVD set and so does my 2.5 year old. I find the Harold series so appealing and so does my son. It is quiet, it is simple, 
Moving tribute to George. What a talented song writer, and what a great concert tribute. Highlights for me included Sam Brown s rousing version of Horse To The Water , 
It touches you. You feel for the characters in this movie and the kids will like it too  
Lost Horizon the original. Hijacked in an airplane from a local uprising, british passengers find themselves high in the himalayas, in a mysterious land with a great secret. It has 
yes, finally. I was ecstatic when I heard this was coming to DVD. I remember attending a screening of this film when it came out in the mid-80 s. I 
It s about time...Thank Goodness George Lucas came to his senses. Thank you George Lucas. This is my favorite move ever made, and to have a copy of it unmarred 
Great film, must see. I ll spare you a plot overview; you can get that from any of there other reviews here. But I will say this is an absolutely 
FLASHDANCE IS A 80 S CULT CLASSIC!!!!!!!!!. Flashdance with Jennifer Beals is such a 80 s icon movie and not only that but it has a amazing soundtrack to follow.... 
Wonderful series. A well-written, well-produced series about two ordinary Englishwomen who join the Resistance in occupied France. It never drags; you can t wait to see what happens next. I 
Walking the Bible. This DVD was excellent and I have shared it with others in my Bible Study that I teach. Everyone loved it  
Greta Garbo. I am so glad these old Greta Garbo movies are coming to life again. Being Swedish and an old Greta Garbo admirer I very much enjoyed all her 
Great clean family entertainment!!!. My 9 year old daughter spends a lot of time with her grandparents and so it was no shock when she came home and proclaimed she 
Pretty good, but... I like this video. I love that you can customize your workout and do the segments you want to in the order you choose. I feel like 
Life or Death. The Insider is one of the most incendiary movies of the 90 s. The movie is based on a magazine article, and for the most part the 
A fiction version of the final broadcast of A Prairie Home Companion. A Prairie Home Companion was a radio program that wasted hosted in the 1970 s and 1980 s 
I beg to differ...BIG TIME. this DVD collection is a must for any lover of B grade horror. these movies make you laugh, cringe, and sometimes they even make you 
2 Much Power , for 1 Filmmaker, to Have. There are many lessons to learn from this 1992 bio. about slain civil rights activist , Malcom X. I think that 
Quick and Perfect!. The DVD came sooner than I expected and it was in amazing condition for a used product  
Tunes of Glory- Criterion Collection DVD. Unquestionably the best movie Alex Guinness ever made.This high-definition transfer could not have been better.Guinness fans shouldn t miss this one  
The Start to an Excellent Story. In Yu Yu Hakusho: First Battles, you ll get the first fourteen episodes of the show in both English and Japanese with subtitles. This 
Edies Through the Looking Glass. A Great look and extra insight into the wonderful characters that Big and Little Edie Beale were. They are presented in a much less exaggerated 
Film noir rides again!. After Tarantino s selfindulgent Jackie Brown, I feared the film noir genre was kaput. Out comes A History of Violence and my faith is renewed.This film 
This better shut up all your mouths. This is a classic comic book movie, it is indefinitely the best movie based on a comic to stick to what happened in 
DO NOT MISS THIS!. This is one of the sexiest movies of all time! Pre-dating the Italian Neo-Realist wave of film-making by just a couple of years, its influence can 
a classic. I love this movie. Incredible poetry, depth, acting, songs, music.. It s a Russian staple of It s a Wonderful Life stature, except much more moving and powerful. 
A perefect Five for what it is. This is a beautifully unpretentious Italian romantic comedy with some strong performances from a cast that includes one of my favorite actors, Bruno 
At Last! The Lost Episodes!. If you grew up watching the Twilight Zone in reruns on your local TV station, you ve never seen these hour-long episodes. That s right 
Blue Collar Comedy - Rides again. Not as good as some of this teams work, but very entertaining and enjoyabl  
Brilliant political satire. At the outset, let me say what I am: I am white, 61 years old, a physician, and I live in a gated community. It would be 
A clasic. When you see these movie you understand that there is another level far superior to all the adventure movies we are seeing toda  
Outstanding!!. Nip Tuck s greatest season!! Neither of the others are packed with as much drama and entertainment as the 3rd season. I strongly recommend this for your DVD collections. 
Superb Atmospheric Film. There are nights when I have watched this film twice or three times in a row. Wonderful silent film and still photographs accompanied by Eli Wallach s 
Continues the tradition. Not as trenchant as the original Dawn, but still a very entertaining flick. Romero signals loud and clear that 21st century America doesn t impress him anymore 
One of my favourite workout DVD. This workout is really energizing! It contains a 25 minute cardio routine with 10 minute segments of upper body, lower body and abs. It 
Holy. Like the review I just read, Tarkovskies ANDRE RUBLEV is the movie that I keep coming back to over the years. It is my favorite film and has been 
Fellini - Outstanding human nature analyst. Fellini s movies are exactly what the human kind has to see before placing itself in a specific age.It has been never seen before 
Fun to watch. A very fun and entertaining courtroom drama, with lots of action behind the scenes. It doesn t matter that it is wildly stereotyped and stunningly implausible. The 
Bratz: Passion 4 Fashion Diamondz. This is a young girls movie, and they love it. If your girl is a Bratz fan, this is one to add to the collection 
What a deal. Although this has been called a mixed bag by some, for the price, you just can t go wrong. Judy & Gene doing the Portland Fancy and 
Great movie but not as good as THE DEEP. Finally a good remake that is a little different. What makes a movie is the scenery, least my opinion. Scenery was 
Red Dwarf - Series 7. What can you say? could 7 be better then the other 6 of them? I ll say yes  
Very powerful. Now I saw some of the reviews on the site and some are bad and some go way far into the plot. Now as an adult I m 
 We all need a mirror once in a while to see who we are . Memento is the ultimate whodunit mixed with time-space conundrums. It swallows up the competition 
THE ALL-TIME KING OF POP!!!!!!!!!! ENOUGH SAID!!!!!!. This dvd is awesome. It covers Michaels disco years through the 1990s. Beat it and Billie Jean are timeless videos and show you 
Watch it all the time!. There is a reason they show this one more than the first one on TV; it s better! I m a bit biased because I 
Astounding. After reading some of the reviews on amazon.com, I was taken by surprise by the dissapointment expressed by some. This movie is one of my personal ALL TIME favorites. 
Joy Ride. Talk about movies for guys who like movies, this is one joy ride for sure!!! David Hess deserves the Best Actor Oscar for this completely ridiculous performance that 
As Time Goes By. A long running and well liked Brit com series. One of my 5 favorites  
THE HILLS HAVE EYES AGAIN. This is one of the few remakes that outshines the original. The new version updates the scenery to this decade and removes some of the 
Great gig!. First of all: Dickey Betts is NOT drunk at this show!!! In fact, he looks better than he has in many years, and he d be a fool 
Move over James Bond!. Great diabolical romp. Lots of fun to watch, John Phillip Law at his best!He s the reason this movie is so charming. Oh, those gorgeous eyes! 
Big. A fun movie for all ages! Tom Hanks is a thirteen year old boy that is small for his age and can t wait to grow up. At a 
Wonderful Crime-Fighting Duo. Detective Inspector Kate Ash Ashurst and Detective Sergeant Emma Scribs Scribbins are a homicide team operating in Middleford, a suburb of London. The murders they usually investigate 
We had to have it. I bought the 1st and 3rd season for my fiance this November, having already finished watching the 1st season he refused to start season 3 
GANGSTER. ANYTIME I BECOME BORED WITH WHATS ON TELEVISION I POP THIS MOVIE IN. I ORGINALLY PURCHASED THE VHS. I ENJOYED THIS MOVIE SO MUCH WHEN THE DVD BECAME AVAILABLE 
His best stand-up...ever. If you ve never seen Richard Pryor s stand up, then watch this one...it s the best he s ever done.  
Unusual. To all those who think that the show was ruined by campiness, I say: get a grip! The first few episodes are fascinating in a visit-your-own-missing-link kinda way, but 
A Classic!. What more can you say? This is a film that has stood the test of time and offers a tender and reasonably accurate historical account of the life 
DVD Review. I am very satisfied with this product. The delivery was prompt and the quality of the product is excellent. Thank you  
 I have nothing to hide.... . I hadn t seen this in a while until recently, & it still had me on my toes. This came out when I 
It s a hit!. The first day we had this dvd, we must have played it 10-15 times! My 4-yr-old got out his guitar and strummed along, and my 2-yr-old 
Ballad Of a Soldier. This is a movie classic. The theme is so universal. There is no preaching in this movie but the massage is clear. People are basically the 
The title is deceitful but fitting. Asia Argento is a very capable fimmaker and this will become evident if you haethe patience and gthe stomach to sit her movies out. 
My review. My product ordered came in a reasonable amount of time and it was in excellent condition, unopened.  
A well made version of the book. I saw the film about two years after reading the book. Having enjoyed the book very much, I was curious to see how 
The Best Pride and Prejudice Movie. You get a great deal for your money when purchasing this Pride and Prejudice DVD set. It stays very true to the book. Granted, 
Puzzling. Suspenseful. Twisting. Delicious. Hercule Poirot, the internationally-known, legendary sleuth has his hands full in Peril at End House . Trying to foil a murder plot, Poirot finds no motive 
Unpolished; Very Funny; Other Episodes?. This show is absolutely hilarious, but it is unpolished and can be difficult to watch at times. It falls short of the brilliant label some 
More splashes Captain!. Excellent movie! Great sound effects! Depth charges shook my room. If you want a good movie to show off your audio gear, this will do it  
A breathtaking epic. Remaking a classic can be a thankless undertaking, but Peter Jackson has crafted a film that stands shoulder to shoulder with the original. Although he rarely mentions 
pure action and good comedy...thats about it. Not the best Jet Li movie, but Cradle 2 The Grave turned out to be one of the most fun and enjoyable Jet 
Awesome!. This has been one of the best DVD purchases ever for our family. So many countless hours of great cartoons! My kids ages 10-1 are mesmerized by it  
CSI. My husband & I we see all the CSI all the time when it comes on the TV. we just add CSI MIMI and NY. My husband & I 
The Times They Are A Changing. It s a weird concept to wrap your head around today, but for most of American history, colleges and universities were essentially conservative institutions. 
Easy going film!. This is one of the two remakes of The Longest Yard, since the last one 2005 the starring is Adam Sandler.In this particular version we have the 
Good disc. This disc is a high-quality preservation of the film, although the opening title sequence seems to be different from the old original print......but overall a good buy  
A sequel good enough to stand on its own!. Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker deliver once again in this follow-up to their great film Rush Hour . This film follows 
Saving Private Ryan Rating. Great movie for an even better price. A best buy for sure  
very happy pensioner. I purchased this item for my 81 year old mum. She is thrilled to bits with it as it has brought back so many memories. I was 
Christmas on Eternia. If you love any type of Christmas related story like I do, then you will love He-Man and She-Ra: A Christmas Special. The story is easy to 
One of the movies my Mom likes that I ll actually watch!. I could watch this over and over again! It s so funny! The person who dissed women s 
Widescreen. I wanted to clarify something I know about Disney widescreen. Some of these features are not being offered in widescreen ex. Pinocchio because they were not even originally filmed 
Hollywood s version of a Broadway classic. Until this writer saw a fully staged, live production of the original Broadway play by William Inge, I had little basis for comparison 
It is so absorbing. This show touches my life because I identify with the characters. In some cases, I act like them. In other cases, I want to be like 
An okay pokemon movie. I saw this a while ago. It was ok but not the greatest movie ive seen. Ive seen the 1st 2nd and 3rd movie. I want 
FUNNY, SHOCKING, PROFANE, PROFOUND, BEAUTIFUL. SICK Lions Gate is a caustic, brilliant, funny, compassionate look at the life and death of comedian Bob Flanagan, who embraced S M to manage 
 I keeled yore freend...Eh-dee. . In the very small Chicago cop livestock crawl swamp swimming crawfish headsucking revenge genre this is by far the best of all time! haw 
 Back -splitting funny. After my dad s back surgery he watched this for the first time. It took him a couple days to watch it because he would want 
Beth, I hear you callin !. Hard to digest the fact that this is coming out so close to the release of Season 3 which I just reviewed! Anyway, I 
The Quintessential American War Movie. Join George C. Scott, Karl Malden and a host of others in a high-powered assault of German forces across several countries... The masterminds behind this 
Praise God for such an awesome video for little ones and their parents!!!. I am a blessed Mommy of twin daughters and a four year old! We all greatly love 
Too much White. It s refreshing to finally see a snowboard movie on the big screen. However, I was hoping it would be more like the Dogtown and Z Boyz 
Don Coscarelli, please make more films!!. Being a fan of the Phantasm films I was interested when I saw this reviewed in EMPIRE way back on its US Theatrical release 
Anwser the Question. Many unknowns were answered in the movie Munich. An eye opening drama  
Very awesome, very funny sitcom. I bought all 4 seasons of Reba and I couldn t be happier. What a great show. Reba is not only a talented singer but 
Great video, Mint Condition. I thought the DVD was useful for the classroom. Although, there are some scenes that are a little graphic, it still very much depicts a world 
Entertaining and pretty realistic. If you re looking for Bruce Willis in the role of the Tough Action Hero he often portrayed, you might be somewhat disappointed. That said, 16 
Great Period Movie. This is just the right amount of romance and social injustice wrapped up together. Anything more to the end of Charles Dickens becomes depressing for me. But 
5th installment delievers the goods once again....... A very strong volume....No episodes that I didn t like.#17 Lullibies of the Lost Verse 2: Interesting episode that finishes off the vol.4 
Brad Pitt s Best Effort To Date.... This was a great and often scary film. Much better that I expected. Brad Pitt delivers his best performance Since Meet Joe Black 
GREAT remake... dare I say better than the original. Now, I m not trying to hate on the original. Obviously, it s a classic. But, come on. It s boring. 
City by the Sea. If you want action, blood, gore, thrills, and cheap tricks; stay away from this one. This takes you back to the way a movie was told 
Good Times!!. STRANGERS WITH CANDY is one of my favorite shows. Why have they stopped making it? Although good, SEASON TWO is the weakest link out of the three seasons. 
why so many scared looks tho?. i like this movie ok as some of the scene were very erotic, but why so many scared looks from the submissive? her face 
A Comedy A Head Of Its Time: Phil of The Future Is A Great Disney Show!. A friend of mine named annonymous man recently submitted a review on this DVD 
If you wanna laugh your buns off.... Then this is the DVD you have to buy. I was on the floor rolling with laughter. Especially because I can relate to 
Howard Zinn: A Great American!. When puff pastries like Sean Hannity say to the thoughtless hawk guests who people his infotainment circus: You re a Great American he is completely 
A very silly but lovely 1950s soap opera. There are some wonderful reasons to add the newly released-on-DVD The Best of Everything to your film library. For one, it is 
Taking Care of Business. It s time to turn off your brain and have fun. The faces are familiar and make them part of the family. A funny, UP movie 
NOT FOR THOSE WHO DEMAND HISTORICAL ACCURACY. The intent of the director was to capture the ATMOSPHERE or flavor of the Elizabethan court. Intrigue, alliances, deceit, ambitions, trechery and emotions. 
The Fugitive [HD DVD] - Good Movie. The Fugitive [HD DVD]PIC --- SOUND --- MOVIE --- TOTAL ---  
A good place to start. I used this DVD a few times then gave it away to a friend who had knee surgery since I think she needs it more 
Great Series!. This series does a great job looking at wildlife in Antarctica! The footage is great, and so is Attenborough s narration! Recommended for nature lovers  
WATERFRONT is a contender. Ask anyone what pops into their head when you mention ON THE WATERFRONT. Chances are it s the classic line I coulda been a contender , 
Enthralling. Winged Migration was shown on PBS not long ago. I set my VCR to tape it. Not having the time to check the length of the program, I had 
Very Good Movie. I think this is an awesome movie. The fight scenes are very exciting and the story is pretty good. I think those reviewers downn there are being 
Movie - Comedy. I happen to be a huge Goldie Hawn fan so loved this movie. This is also a fun movie for Steve Martin fans. Dana Delaney plays the 
Helpful I suppose. Basically, they show tricks being done slowly and give advice on how to do them correctly. This can be very helpful or totally useless depending on how 
Best show of 2003. This show is the only thing on TV that kept my interest in 2003. Funny as hell  
English Audio with English Subtitles. Even though the description says Subtitled, this does NOT mean that it has the Japanese audio. It is the English Dub, with subtitles in English 
Not Just About the American Revolution. This is very good movie--and it s not just about the American Revolution.It s also the story of Vietnam--and how and why the U.S. 
Excellent dvd to own. This movie is another must for all fans of film-noir and or Bogart & Bacall - an excellent and totally unique and original story with outstanding 
Your Diary: I Always Thought You Knew It Was Me. I saw the movie during Labor Day opening weekend. Even as a loyal fan of the show it somewhat confused 
A great part of an excellent season... This season, the 22nd of the show, is arguably second ONLY to Tom Bakers first three years under Philip Hinchcliff s Gothic era. 
Has Heart. My mother had came in on part of the movie when my son made a comment. He shared how he really enjoyed the movie and would be a 
brilliant film!!!. purple butterfly is a great movie, i would recommend it to everyone i know, this love war movie reminds me of casablanca. Also Zhang Ziyi gives a great 
Clay Pigeons. I liked this movie! This was the first movie I saw Joaquin Phoenix in and without him the movie would not have been a success. He was perfect 
Due South Season 2. I got my order in great time, and the product was as ordered. Perfect service. Thank  
Hocus Pocus. I LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS MOVIE, ITS A GREAT FAMILY FILM! I WATCH IT ALL YEAR LONG!!  
BAD TRANSLATION. THE TRANSLATION REALY SUCK IN THIS MOVIE IS DIFERENT THAN THE ORIGINAL VERSION IN JAPANESE CHANGING EVERITHING IN A WAY THAT THEY WERE CREATING THEIR OWN DIALOG EVEN 
Excellent Classic Movie. This film was ground breaking in the use of Technicolor film. The excellent cinematography combined with great performances by the actors and a classic story make this 
A Great Coming of Age Movie. This movie was great. I loved it! One of the best movies from the 80 s!  
Beautiful satisfying tale set in a magical realm!!. My first thought when I saw the gorgeous landscape was where is Bhutan? It is a small country between India and China 
Well needed, Well made!. The acting was outstanding. Very believable characters. This story needed to be told. I hope this discourages our Jamaican youth from a life of violence and 
Love this show. I can t say enough about these guys. The added bonuses are the icing on the cake. Worth every penny  
All-around great. Killer soundtrack, cast, writing... you name it. As a lover of both indie music and indie film, I ve had this movie as one of my favorites for 
Fantastic Family Film!. A family oriented film that is humorous, fun, exciting and very entertaining! After seeing this movie for the first time, I had to own it! It is 
Review of 3 Games to Glory II: New England Triumphant Again by C. Douglas Baker. 3 Games to Glory II is a two-disc video compilation of the 2003 New England 
If they made a cartoon network top ten?. The episodes would be1.Child star{Cow and Chicken}2.My freind the smart banana{I.M weasl}3.Swindlin wind{Courage the cowardly dog}4.The muffin king{Dexters labratory}5.Chicken Ball Z{Billy & 
I WISH THERE WERE MORE STARS TO GIVE TO THIS MASTERPIECE!!!!. .......... Ok i was watching the HBO when this movie came on. Im like what is this crap. Smell 
Season Two, Even Better. I loved, loved, loved, this DVD. I thoroughly enjoyed season 1, but I forgot how much better this show got in season 2. Each episode gets 
Pleased with Gift. This item was a gift for my father. He was very pleased with the quick shipment and just loves the movie! Thank you  
Fun Workout. I have 4 of Leslie s workout tapes, and I enjoy them all. This one I like to do when I want to increase my workout just a 
 IT S NOT A TOOMAH ! - Ah Nuld. Arnold Schwarzenegger stars as detective John Kimble, a man who has been chasing a drug dealer named Cullen Crisp. When 
The Rats. What a movie! Probably 2001 s best &quot;genetically enhanced rats attack new york city&quot; movie. Only two words can describe the acting: Oscar worthy. I d rather wake 
Not as good as 1-3, but definitely better than 4. Although it doesn t live up to most of its predecessors, American Pie 5: The Naked Mile, is still a 
VERY ENTERTAINING. WE ARE ENJOYING THE MOVIE. WE COULD NOT FIND THIS MOVIE IN OUR CITY, SO GLAD YOU HAD IT ON LINE. THIS IS A COMEDY WESTERN AND VERY 
Great Production, Annoying video direction. These are wonderful productions. Both Pinafore & Trial are given first class stagings; clever and inventive direction, costumes and sets eye pleasing, and populated with 
Hilarious. I love this movie. I laughed through the whole movie. If you haven t watched this movie, then I suggest that you do. However, DO NOT LET YOUR KIDS 
Outstanding! An exceptional program. This new program from Master Rones is even better than his first, Sunrise Tai Chi. Unlike other videos, which just shows a Tai Chi form for 
excellent. I m a cardio freak who constantly measure my heart rate to ensure that it has reaches its limit in order to burn fat. This DVD is good because 
great 80 s slasher. Most people like myself did nt here much about this film when it was originally released.It s a great piece of 80 s horror that should 
Finally. This is one of the finest shows ever to be put on television a prime example why network executives are ratings driven clueless morons. For a show of this 
how far you willing to go michael. listen up to everyone all over the world,this film is the best youll never get a film that comes near the lost boys,i 
Classic Entertainment. Although I can t add much to what other reviewers have said, in my opinion, this movie is one of those you can enjoy watching countless times yet 
Clever fun. The premise of Tootsie is as follows. Middle-aged actor Michael Dorsey Dustin Hoffman is having great difficulty finding employment. Although he is talented at his craft, he is 
interesting......... i wasn t sure what to expect when i finally got around to watching it since i had heard so many different things from perverse to great. i found 
real deal. This is a top class movie, a real life of the the way it was then to be good at the game  
Scary and True. This is a very scary movie, and it is based on the true story that the exorcist was based on. This did leave out alot of details, 
Existential Villain = Sadistic Fun!!!. I finally got to see this film after many years of reading about it and the other Coffin Joe films . Loved it! The black 
Classic Cloak & Dagger. In the sixties they really knew how to make great spy thrillers: The Quiller Memorandum, The Ipcress File, Dangerman TV series aka Secret Agent ... Author 
Great season. This season really nailed it as far as writing and acting....doesn t get much better. As a fan, my only issue was how they kept screwing around with 
A TRUE Harrison Ford Classic - also see Leslie Nielsen s Wrongfully Accused !. Ah, the hunt for the one armed, onelegged, one eyed man. Whoops, otherfilm! Seriously, the best 
HOT, GORY SST. Ghost Story is an interesting horror movie that could have been better. Despite the perpetual nudity in the middle of this motion picture, it is apparent that 
Great chick flick. This was one of my favorites when I was a kid. I decided to buy it for a girls night out. It went over very well. I 
The Hills are alive. This musical details the life of a novice nun named Maria. There are people in the Nonburg Abbey in Salzburg that do not like her so 
for the love of country. This is a very touching true story played beautifully by Andy Garcia.If you are cuban, you will have a special interest in this film.  
Excellent Touching Rendition of the Novel. This is an excellent movie to show to students who have read the novel. Gary Sinise was simply amazing as George  
blue valley songbird. I recently had a chance to view this film. It is a wonderful film whih highlights miss Dolly s acting abilities. I highly reccomend this movie to 
A Masterful, Creepy Thriller. The story goes that a fellow told Alfred Hitchcock that after his daughter saw Psycho she refused to take a shower and that after she saw 
A Fun Time Was Had By All. Fiddler on the Roof is one of my favorite musicals; written by Jerry Bock, it was directed by Jerome Robbins on Broadway. I 
texasville. the most hillarious film ever made that involves rich disfunctional families next to dallas !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Moon River. We had not planned to watch Breakfast At Tiffany s 1961 on our movie night, but when the song Moon River started playing, it was hard not to 
Bright stars, small gem. James Bridges Urban Cowboy directs Michael J. Fox Back To The Future , Phoebe Cates Fast Times At Ridgemont High , and Keifer Sutherland The Lost 
A Classic Of The Thriller Horror Genre. There is no doubt that this movie is a classic, and after watching it once I could see why. After repeated viewings the 
 look at that war wagon roll . i love john wayne movies and this one is a good one. with friend kirk douglas, wayne plays taw jackson a man 
The Funniest Show On TV Today!. In season three, Lieutenant Jim Dangle and the gang are released from prison and reinstated to the Reno Sheriff s Department. In episode three, 
Simply Great- Kino Deluxe Edition. I haven t seen many silent films, but this must be the one of the greatest fantasy films of this period. I read it was 
Absolutely the best DVD, worth every penny. If you are a Weezer fan of any kind, this is the DVD for you, I promise. The first time I saw the 
Luis Valdez is the Mexican American Shakespeare!. I love this movie.I m not alone...Everybody I mention it toseems to love it too.A kid who grew up picking fruit made it 
Awesome Space Movie!. As A truck driver, I found Dennis Hopper easily fitting into the role. I love this movie! Great Comedy, Action, and lots of sarcasm! A must buy 
Must have for Police Fans. Must have for any Police fan. The only reason I didn t give it 5 stars was because of the fact that Stewart God love 
Why are scenes cut from this dvd?????. I really enjoyed this film, but there were a few scenes that didn t make sense to me until I watched it on 
A little salt and pepper with that?. David Byrne has plenty of salt and pepper on the top now, and he has lost a lot of the youthful energy that 
artistporn. i like to watch this film because, it is a good film, especialy for adul  
A fantastic and emotionally involving story. It is very difficult to understand why Todd Field s In the Bedroom was completely unrepresented in the Oscar winners list in 2001. However 
one of the best movies ever made. Singles... This movie touches on almost everything that could happen in a relationship. The characters are great, the senarios are real. It s 
 Friendship is like the morning dew... . I think this is an excellent movie. Good screenplay, good idea, great direction, great acting. John Cusack and James Spader make you 
another superb movie from Jan Hrebejk. Jan Hrebejk is quickly turning into the best post-New Wave Czech director. Unfortunately, my favorite movie of his Pelisky Cozy Dens is not available 
A Great And Disturbing Film. Pi is a film that will most likely stay with you long after you watch it. Darren Aronofsky Requium For A Dream created an entertaining 
Funniest ish I have ever seen. The Boondocks while stereotyping addresses important issues and is able to give me a good laugh and make me conscious of some things I 
Deep and psychological. I liked this film and re-watch it from time to time; however, it s like watching two short films put together. The first half, for me, is 
Absolutely FANTASTIC entertainment!!!. I am a person who reads copiously and I am invariably disappointed with the TV adaptations to my fave books - but not this time.Robson Green is 
Outstanding images &amp; outstanding sound Dolby 5.1. A great DVD to showcase your system. The driver s view of the race track is second to none, and is enthralling. The 
This Island Earth. Classic 50 s sci-fi. I especially liked how they gave the scientist a jet plane to get around in given to him by the guys at Lockheed 
great movie about the early suffrage movement. This is an entertaining movie, and Hillary Swank does a wonderful job. It was inspiring and refreshing to see a movie that told 
Saturday Matinee Stuff. THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN RIDE! showcases an outstanding cast that includes Lee Van Cleef, Stefanie Powers, Mariette Hartley, Michael Callan, Luke Askew, James B. Sikking, Ralph Waite and 
This Movie Is Everything You Expect, Presented in ways you do not always expect!. This movie is another in a pretty formulaic cadre of from committed boozer and dope addict 
TV doesn t get much better than this... Again, I was amazed that the writers could improve upon season 1 and 2. While so many other shows feature repetitive story 
Corrected laugh track replacement discs now available. This set was originally released without laugh tracks on the following four episodes:Disc 1 Opie The Birdman and A Black Day For Mayberry 
Profundity. The series itself is one of those works that bleeds profundity and symbolism in everything it does. A bunch of short--yet highly well-rounded and fully developed--character dramas dealing with 
Deeper and darker than you thought... With the second DVD release of the animated series, Fullmetal Alchemist, the characters and the story grow and experience tragedy.As Ed and Al make 
Alyson Hannigan-WHEN SHE WAS YOUNG!!!. This is just a fun movie that anyone can enjoy. The plot-an alien Kim Bassinger comes to Earth to study the planet and in doing 
Great Movie Musical. The Amazon review by Tom Keogh is totally ridiculous. Charmless and dull??? I saw this movie about 8 times when it came out when I was little 
Good basketball movie. This is a good basketball movie and if you are a basketball fan, you definitely should see it. Also, it is a good movie to show teams. 
Stunning. Prior to watching the films on this set, I had only seen a handful of films from the 1890s and Aughts combined, and was barely better-acquainted with the films 
very entertaining for low budget movie. well for its budget this movie is very entertaining and a lot of action has some good fighting van damme is good lots of 
Better Than Sex and Fury!. Female Yakuza Tale is the sequel of Sex and Fury in which the geisha pick-pocket, played by Reiko, is embroiled in a yakuza plot to 
This movie gets funnier every time I watch it. It was funny to begin with, but I like it even more every time I watch it. Of course I have 
a quiet film that deals with suffering, love and sacrifice. Baran is a beautiful film that, oddly enough, primarily takes place at a construction site in Iran. The plot is 
Still Goin Strait n Strong!. What a delight to sit back and listen to this good-lookin cowboy sing! George s voice is still just as smooth as velvet and strong 
A baseball classic given the All-Star treatment - a Grand Slam!. There goes Roy Hobbs, the best there ever was to play this game. For admirers of the original theatrical 
Spam in a Can. At a time when movies were swamped with special FX is that time over yet? , this film was made, or rather crafted the old-fashioned way. 
In their own direction, at their own speed. Each of the three stories of very different young women told in this film takes enough time to develop a character and 
War of the Worlds 2-disc limited edition. 2 stars for the movie, 3 stars for the bonus materials. Interesting behind the scenes materials & the how-did-they-do-it vignettes will satisfy the 
Burn more calories doing combined moves. Jari Love has a great workout in that you are hitting more then one muscle group with each set you do. You can go 
So many powerful lessons, so little time... Wow! What a fantastic movie! I ve seen this movie two times and would see it TWO HUNDRED times! The story was true 
Ice Age. One rainy day, my friend and I decided to watch a movie, but couldn t figure out which one. She pointed out Ice Age and since she really 
Good Movie. This movie is a great movie to show your teenage daughters because it gives them a look at what peer pressure can do to people. This movie was 
I love Nick & Jessica!. Very entertaining! Jessica & Nick are so cute! It s cool to watch how celebrities live day-by-day and have the same fights and do simple 
GOOD FAMILY MOVIE. SHILOH is an entertaining movie the whole family can enjoy. It especially stresses the importance of children taking responsibility for their pets, and the movie also has 
A silly, occasionally hokey, but consistently fun sophomore season. POSSIBLE SPOILERS WITHIN I loved the first season of LOIS & CLARK. I thought it was absolutely wonderful. It was charming, 
Great Introduction. Letter to the president is a wonderful introduction to the world of hip-hop. Like any genre of music, or movies or books, or even within a political organization 
unique. This dvd is an absolute must, a classic and totally necessary for anyone serious about keeoing fit.One can do it in parts or all together, which is quite a 
16mm. The grainy quality of the video is due to the fact that the episodes were all filmed in 16mm.This was probably lost on the broadcast TV image, and is 
I Love it. i ve seen this show seriuos like 30 times every ep.i love it.now i got season one to five on dvd, so i cant wait to the 
Down Argentine Way made Betty Grable a Star!. Down Argentine Way opens with the energetic and unforgettable Carmen Miranda, making her film debut. This wonderful musical made Betty Grable a 
Well written and acted but plot suffers nevertheless. Not your usual depressing cheesy production value type lezbo vehicle that we re used to seeing, thank god for that. Pluses: Courtney 
Is It Worthy Of Being Called Fast & Furious. The Fast and the Furious Tokyo Drift is about a 17 year old kid named Sean played by Lucas Black. Sean 
A Black comedy satire that delivers. Director Gene Kelly yes, the actor dancer directs this satire about a cheating men.Robert Morse, Hot offthe success of the film version of How 
A movie........with a moral. Frankie is................a liar.He is constantly using his friends special tongue for his advantage and is not the perfect kid.He lies about his english report and writing 
WE ALL KNOW ABOUT THE DEPRESSION -- BUT WHAT ABOUT ALL THE TEEN HOBOS?. Sure, the Great Depression is a part of history that has been studied, examined, exposed and 
Aw-Shucks Sweet and Funny Stuff. Official Meg Ryan Movie Disclaimer: If you love Meg Ryan when she s playing the quintessentially Meg Ryan character -- slightly ditzy, girl next door, 
Ultimate Stone Cold Collection. They should make another dvd stone cold chronically his entire career with a 3 Disc set.A 90 minute program over his entire career, with some chapters 
Smart and Funny Documentary. The documentary Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room had a bit of a rough start. Although intriguing, it failed to deliver the rough sketch of 
Excellent concert. I thought this was a great concert. The sound and visual are very good. all the songs were performed extremely well. I would advise you to buy the 
Why the bad press for this season. I just got done watching Season three of Nip Tuck, and at first I was a little nervous because people had such bad 
Great Gulity Pleasure. I just love stuff about girls in boarding school. It s such a trip to see all the styles and stars of the eighties again. The show 
Gutwrenching; real; expertly made. Bloody Sunday is one of the most emotionally powerful movies of the last 20 years. There are a lot of films that touch on some aspect 
Hoo-Ray!. What a complilation! Much better than what availiable out there on him. It was good to see some of the old clips from the Sixties of Marvin. I know 
as good as the first one. although slightly different.less teary scenes and maybe a little less laughs in the sequal than in the IA 1.Scrat the squirrel featured more prominently 
 Thank God I Insisted You Bring That Cello! . This is by far the best non-Connery Bond film. Timothy Dalton is brilliant in the lead role, giving Bond a 
Calvin s journey is amazing!. Okay so Calvin isn t the smartest, bravest, coolest kid in his hometown, Receda. But after he loses a baseball game for his team the 
Blue wall of corruption. Kurt Russell is convincing as an alcoholic, ruthless and corrupt L.A. police detective sergeant Eldon Perry. Perry, a member of Special Investigations Squad SIS , is 
Finally- a Documentary about White Collar Crime. This is an excellent portrayal of the Enron fiasco. It utilizes footage and sound bites, and interviews, it s absolutely amazing what happened! 
A MINISCULE BUDGET, THE MAIN POINT OF THIS REVIEW IS TO LET YOU THE READER KNOW A DREAM WAS ACCOMPLISHED!!. People will say basketcase sucks. That is what makes it 
The Wall. I have been a fan since Pink Floyd s Dark Side of the Mooncame out in the early 70 s. The Wall is very very well produced,both visually 
Love it!. Although I agree with other people that the later seasons of red dwarf is not up to part with the earlier seasons, I still love watching this season 
Unjustly overlooked. Lord of War Andrew Niccol, 2005 This one flew under the radar, or at least as under the radar as a much-hyped major Hollywood production can. Upon reflection, 
Great for kids... My kids have really enjoyed this video- it starts with clueless small kids rolling a ball around and progresses to middle school... all the way to the 
Makes me want to punch somebody. Full of mindless and senseless violence, `The Football Factory may on the outset appear to be nothing more than male entertainment of the morally 
Apocalypto. This movie was was true to historical events at the time, was immaculately filmed, had a great story,was gripping as well as acceptably gory, was extremely well acted and 
A classic movie... This seems to be the only movie that the Duke made without being a western or war theme. it s a great movie filmed on location in 
Absolutely Brilliant!!. This is one of Oscar Wilde s most entertaining works. The cast is outstanding in every way possible! Rupert Everett can deliver an Oscar Wilde line better than 
Rare silent comedies, most for the die-hard fan only. I want to give this set five stars, but I can not since the films were not restored, and have been 
The best spy series out there. After three seasons of a series one always wonders if a formula becomes old.... not so with SPOOKS. The fourth series is definitely worthy 
The Bomb!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. When i went 2 the states on leave i got 2 watch like only 3 shows,as soon as my best friend told me that its coming out on 
Creeeeeeeeeepy! and sort of true! . This is a visually elegant and thematically frightening movie. It conjures up some authentically unearthly and mysterious atmosphere. Once agan the outstanding musical accompaniment 
Blood and wine is one of jack nicholsons best movies...Ive waited years for the us release...Finally!!!. This movie is an excellent jack nicholson flic...Jack plays an odd wine dealer,who is 
All around a Perfect Little Concert. I bought this DVD because I have been a fan of Don Henley s for quite sometime now, when I found out that he 
worth a dirty look from the guy in the video shop. i watched this film twice today, which is always what happens when a film touches me; i immediately want 
First time with Hitchcock. I first saw this at the age of 16 in 1977 and have been a big fan ever since. This early work is the ideal bait 
One Part Humor, One Part Poignant, One Part Disturbing. My Life as a Dog is a most unusual and most enjoyable movie. It is a Swedish film which I watched 
You know how I know you re gay?. Andy is 40 years old, single and has a secret. He is still a virgin. Up till now everyone just thought he 
Excellent And Gritty Crime Drama!. With so many reviews already posted here on amazon, I really don t think there is any more that I could add, other than to 
these episodes were great!!!. i haven t seen this DVD yet but the exodus episodes were great!!! espiecially exodus parts 1&2 esspeicially number 2because the shredder MAY never come back!! 
A terrific parody. This movie is full of really excellent one-liners and bizarre behavior. I highly recommend this movie to those who enjoy a good parody  
The History of Rock and Roll. A great compendium intertwining music and culture. I use this in the classroom and my students love the anecdotes and the music. My high 
I Don t Agree With The New Yorker Review At All. This is a modern Greek trajedy. I m not a big film fan but this film reminds me why 
One of the best teen movies out there. Zack Siler Freddie Prinze Jr is doing fine - he s just started his last 8 weeks of high school, he s 
The Godfather of Horror. Already gave it 5 stars since I know what will be in it:BLACK SUNDAY old Image Tim Lucas commentary BLACK SABBATH new Tim Lucas commentary THE 
Spin & Marty was the Best!. When I saw the box set in my local Costco, I began screamimg to my self . As a nine year old, Spin & 
Good Video. DMX is sick and Meth and Red were awsome too. It was crazy seein Methodman and Redman perform flyin though the sky kickin off their Timbs. Pain in 
If it can happen to them, it can happen to you. This is an eye opening account of governmental violation of our constitutional rights. If you ask, What rights of 
the epitome of realistic westerns. outlaw turned bounty hunter... some old tag line... but this movie stands out because of it s dark atmosphere, great acting, and realistic action sequences.When 
Fabulous as always. This is a great show along with the sound of her italian tour, and all of drowned world minus the sexual perversion. Her sound is rich on 
a good throw back chick film. A must see!A very interesting mother, daughter relationship.If fact there are many interesting relationships going on in this movie. This one is worth having 
Should have won an Oscar!. This is one of the truly best movies I have seen. It touches on some of the beliefs, family dirty little secrets and the drama 
Good Action Movie. For a straightforward action sci-fi, its a really good film. I don t know anything about the original toon but this stands on it s own. The 
 Sometimes you re so beautiful. It just gags me. . The audio on this DVD is so murky that I had to watch the entire film with the subtitles 
tradcionlis gyerek s csaldi film. A filmet mindenkinek ajnlom aki nem a mai show elemekkel tarktott, hanme a tiszta gyerekfilmekre vgyik. A film mind tmjban, mind kidolgozsban messze a mai 
Larry Cohen sneaks in a gem. At first I was a bit disappointed to learn that Larry Cohen did not write his own episode of MOH; Cohen is a fantastic 
A MUST HAVE for every actor!. If you are an actor on any level this is a must have! I honestly can not get enough of this series! I have 
I love Hitch. I love Hitchcock and some of my favorites are in this box set. Not only do you get to see North by Northwest and Dial M for 
it started in napes. LUV SOPHIE LOREN, GREAT MOVIE...WILL WATCH OVER AND OVER AGAIN.THEY DONT MAKE MOVIES LIKE THIS ANYMORE...  
From excellent to so-so to pretty bad. This is a trio of short films, each about 40 minutes in length, by three top directors Martin Scorese, Francis Ford Coppola, and 
Genius. Fox s cancellation of this show is everything that is wrong with network television, and hopefully will not be the end for this amazing show. I bet it is 
Thank You For Making Me Laugh: This Is a Killer Satire. Jason Reitman makes an impressive debut as director with this entertaining comedy `Thank You For Smoking, which is more 
Ya Hu. Hard-bitten cop John Kimble Arnold Schwarzenegger gets more than he bargained for when he goes undercover as a kindergarten teacher to pursue murderous drug dealer Cullen Crisp Richard 
Exquisite. Lurking behind the story until now have been the nobles a mysterious ruling class with their own agendas. We know that there is strife between then, that Cheza was 
a MUST have!. I absolutely LOVED this program and have learned so much from it. the ONLY criticism I have is that, in the beginning segment of each president, they 
Mindless - and Good. Mindless action entertainment - and good. Fantastic martial arts and car chase scenes, clever plotting, and excellent acting by the ensemble casts in both filmsmake them 
 It s only painted plaster, Your Holiness. . This fictionalized account of the painting of the Sistine Chapel ceiling focuses on the battle of wills between the artist, Michelangelo 
CSI:Miami at it s best. If you like CSI: Miami this dvd will not dissapoint. It has great picture quality and sound I have also purchased the third and fourth 
Great portrayal of Jesus. I loved that this film version of Matthew was taken word for word from the text of scripture. I also loved that Jesus looked like he 
Don t Blink--you d miss another laugh. This is more of the most brilliantly-written comedy series ever. From the very first episode to the last, all the characters are consistent 
Great 50 s Musical. Once upon a time, Broadway musicals were quickly adapted into successful widescreen presentations, often, but not always, with the original Broadway stars. This is an example 
War & Remembrance - Vol. 2, The Final Chapter: Parts 8 - 12. 5 Star production and a must see.... you will never forget the images of what actually happened 
Why can t there be more tv like this?!!!. The Bubble Boy! How brilliant! Forget making him sympathetic, but an angry, bitter bubble boy - sort of like some amazon 
This isn t the original pilot as the package claims. I bought this DVD thinking they had finally released the original pilot shown in 1993 as the package says with 
Great and Heart felt Film!!!!. A truly impressive and memorable debut by Kasy Lemmons. Beautifully acted and masterfully conceived of the supernatural on the bayou. It takes you back to 
Excellent Film. I liked it better than Black Caesar. There is more action and Drama in this one, as Tommy takes revenge on those who set him up in the 
Interesting. I wanted for a long time to see this movie and I wasn t dissapointed. Interesting subject, great cinema  
Outstanding. Every Basie video on the market is worth having, but this one is a must and probably the best. Not only does it boast such luminaries as Thad Jones 
This is a very scary and funny movie. I think this is a parody,becouse the sequel was a parody.Still, it is frightening for a 5 year old kid.Everyone knows this 
Good, not great, setlist. At this show, the band is clearly having fun and that s nice to see. In my opinion, the setlist is a bit pedestrian and the 
Thorn Birds. Love the book - couldn t wait for the movie and was not disappointed! I have watched it many times, and enjoy it each time. The story was 
Fantastic Product. The product is great and the service was quick and awesome. I am very satisfied with your service  
 Interview With The Vampire meets Dances With Wolves . I m actually very ambivilant towards this film--meaning I both love it and hate it at the same time. First 
Really great fun!. I picked this up in VHS at a video store for 99 cents, figured it would be an okay piece of entertainment. Boy, was I surprised! This 
Good show. I enjoyed this very much but not as much as I thought I might. This was a very stellar cast but they didn t seem to work particularly 
Bring it On Review. It s fun, it s got hot girls and an easy going plot that makes you laugh  
Sparkle Still Sparkles!!!!. This movie is a classic!! The cast is awesome.It s my all time favorite! I m so ...glad they put it out!!!  
Great for kids. Okay, grumpy naysayers, I know you read the book first, and no sin seems greater than a movie not following the book, but taken on its own, 
A brief comment. The Incredibles is a fully-fleshed out and developed computer animated story that isn t just another summer kiddie flick. The Incredibles family members aren t cookie-cutter cartoon 
Intelligent and stimulating. This is a feast for the mind as well as the eyes. Great cast and wonderful writing. Hugh Laurie is top notch as are all of the 
Carbon Copy Review. I loved this video. It was one of the most comical films, with parts played by George Segal and Densel Washington that were delightful, refreshing and funny. 
mystery murder. the movie should be remaded, in color. The movie had a excellent review do to acting of Ms. Stanwyck  
head on. a can t miss movie-certainly a must for anyone s dvd library.... head on is at once visceral, sexual, visually charged-complimented with anexplosive soundtrack. Thoroughly enjoyed the in 
The finest of the four Blue Planet disks. This disk is easily the finest of the Blue Planet offerings. Maybe this explains why this disk alone has a green cover. 
Well done... entertaining. This set provided a great overview of the French Revolution. I found it to be historically correct with a lively narration.. I show it to my World 
Well Done!. The Craft is a well crafted film about a modern day coven of teenaged witches that form when a girl Robin Tunney arrives as the new student in 
Classic 1970 s Cops and Robbers..... F-I-N-A-L-L-Y.....the DVD version is out!!!Did ya like The French Connection ? Sure you did. That film s Producer Philip D Antoni directs this early 
Tiki Fan Loves Blue Hawaii & Mai Tai s. The spirit of Tiki is alive & well in Blue Hawaii with Elvis, his BEST film! Everything seems to work in 
Kinski, One Of The Greatest Actors Of His Generation?. I think that he is, his on screen presence is as powerful as any actor I have ever seen. From the 
JLo s best performance since Selena................ JLO finds out that she cant run forever from her abusive husband. So she learns Krav Maga and gives him a a s kicking 
Pure Entertainment. Despite it s cast of respected actors, Con Air is not a good film in the traditional sense. It s not a good film in the way Pulp 
 Never stand still in Beirut. . German journalist Georg Laschen Bruno Ganz leaves behind his troubled marriage for Beirut, Lebanon to cover the outbreak of civil war in 1975. 
MOVIE. This is a classic favorite. I love this movi and can watch it over and over  
A Good Film About the Porn Industry of the 70s and 80s. Mark Wahlberg and Burt Reynolds star in this film centering on the heyday of the porn industry in 
Death Warrant. I really enjoyed this movie. Death Warrant was filled with supense and action. Jean-Claude Van Damme portrays officer Louis Burke who goes undercover to investigate murder and corruption 
Sandra Bullock s catapult to superstardom!. Very few people remember Sandra Bullock starring on the short-lived CBS sitcom Working Girl which was based on the 1988 20th Century Fox film 
Classics. These 2 movies are the classics that inspired the creators of the matrix. chow yun fat s greatest moments  
My Kids Loved This DVD. Well loved children s character Curious George is now on DVD in a brand new feature length adventure. Curious George the animated feature includes the 
Brilliant, Hitchcockian Thriller. This is one of the best thrillers in recent years. The story centers on Tom Ripley Matt Damon who comes to Italy to befriend Dickie Greenleaf Jude 
A wonderfully fun and immensely entertaining joy of a film. I had long considered watching The Mask of Zorro . When its sequel, The Legend of Zorro , came to 
Wonderful feel good film. I just discovered this film and it s brilliant. A fantastic cast. I really enjoyed Denis Lawson s Gordon and Peter Capaldi s Danny. It s 
All we have to remember are Good times. The fifth season pulls you in with the four part story line, the Evans Get Involved. I was too young to see 
Why, oh WHY is this FULL SCREEN???. The movie is a delightful romp, with a cast of wonderfully talented actors. This was one of those transition films for Haley Mills, 
Laugh out loud funny. This is my FAVORITE movie. You will find yourself laughing out loud. Ed O Neill is great in this film  
Negro League Baseball. You don t have to be a baseball fan to enjoy this movie. Good acting, historically sound. Very entertaining  
Five Stars!. I had basically given up on police detective shows until this came around. It s smart, has great acting, and can be visually breathtaking. The DVDs are great 
Cyclists perspective of the Tour de France - Buy It!. Its not often nowadays that we get a chance to see the Tour de France without complete focus on the 
Wacky, surrealist but hard to beat black comedy!. One of the most remarkable and irreverent creations of Woody. In this time we find him as a hapless hero in the 
A sentimental movie where Ford gives a special warmth to a friend... Maureen O Hara is teamed with a very inferior part in The Wings of Eagles, a moving tribute 
Too scared to do drugs. I first saw this movies as an 18 year old when it came out in Australia in 1987. I initially thought it would be one 
A classic must see movie. This was Burt Lancaster at his best. This classic love storey with a military setting was great. The other actors Montgomery Clift and actresses also 
A Great Movie. first off, Joseph from Montreal QC has no idea what he s talking about his review was completely false. The Nazi s, as history presesnts, were wicked, 
Promised action and drama are delivered with INTENSITY. Matt Damon stars as Jason Bourne in the movie version of Robert Ludlum s epic book series and delivers more than a 
Beautiful... I truly enjoyed this movie. I found it moving, funny, and above all, beautiful. This is one of those movies that leaves me feeling something amazing for hours after 
Sandra Bullock in her first serious role. For all those who can t help breaking into the same wide eared grin whenever Bullock cracks up this is not the movie 
The Evil That Men Do. Kenneth Lay and his cohorts were looking to make millions not for the company but for themselves. They took advantage of the investors, the employees 
A Rare Gem-Amazing!. This film really is spectacular. From the very opening which is slightly disorienting-but becomes clear quickly , it weaves a tale filled with some very odd and 
A gift. This was a gift for my daughter and she loved it! Excellent pricing.Loved this classic  
GREAT. another innovative and effective video from my new favortie intructor Leisa Hart. My arms are more toned and defined than ever before. Leisa is a dynamic and motivating instructor, 
Two great movies one low price. I must say this is a fantastic pack! Nicholas Cage is a fantastic actor and these are two of his best films. Con-air is 
Koyaanisqqatsi Life out of balance. I love this movie! Very creative. Makes you think and derive meaning from a number of different scenes. The music is also fantastic  
Simply Awesome. What a wonderful movie. I saw this one several years ago on TCM and instantly fell in love with it. While not a true Doris Day fan in 
I Loved this one. Well, I loved this movie! Small-town team in Indiana goes and wins the high school championship against a bigger, better team. But the real thing I 
excellent dvd. i saw the live in japan show on vhs years ago and i thought it was great. with this two disc set you get to watch the band 
good buy. I love a good dance movie and this is one for the collection. This dvd sells for about 7.00 at thiat price it is a very good buy 
a pretty good nice little film. if you could get yourself into it. can t imagine a six feet middle aged guy would fall for a sea otter. the whole 
Leslie Sansone Walk n Kick. I really enjoyed this one! Good 40 minute workout, great upper body for a Sansone video  
I m not going to hurt you honey ...I m just going to bash your--. Outstanding director, outstanding cast, and an all around outstanding movie.Do yourself a favor though and 
Pre-Code Musical. Flying Down to Rio is the film that marks the first pairing of Ginger Rogers and Fred Astaire. The two are not the main attraction though; the film 
Great All-time Classic Santa Clause Movie!!. I personally love this version of how Santa Clause became Santa Clause and I love their version of how the North pole looks...it takes 
Classically Funny!. You will love this film. It is like a real life spy V spy! Good movie for a good price  
A literate, moving film. I served in the Peace Corps in E. Europe in the early 1990s; this movie conforms to my experience of Prague, the Czech people, and E. 
Fargo has reasonable plot. Product in good condition.There are few films I enjoy, this is one of them. Not on my best ever list, but enjoyable  
so bad its good. If you enjoy campy movies this one is for you! Some pretty bad acting and great lines you can quote back with your friends. A coked 
True Classical Shakespearian Japan Style. I liked it better then Ran . Deep visual and dramatic expression. Leaves you thinking about it for days.  
One wof the best horror MOVIES of ALL-TIME. OKAY let me start,the opening scene is a classic we all know it the killer asks Drew Berrymore What s your favorite 
why did I not see this sooner. Fame is a movie about the four years of attending the High School of the Performing Arts in NYC. It starts off at 
Sex and Rock and Roll. Daring. If movies are as uninhibited as this movie is although this cuts to the chase on the sex part as it could have more 
Visit the loo before watching... ...or you ll be changing your underwear. So far, this is the best of I-IV. My 15-year-old son agrees  
Great Collection. The Indiana Jones complete DVD movie collection is a real bargain for any video buff! I previously had all the movies on VHS tape--and believe me, these are 
Great movie. I m a 17 year old movie fan, and just to put my two cents in, I think this movie is awesome. It s not well known, but 
Coming Home. A love story to be sure, but also a highly original take on the human price of war. This riveting film is propelled by intense performances from the 
Calling all old musical lovers. If you love old musicals, this one is not to be missed. It s not for everyone, but who doesn t want to see Don 
A little-known gem. Phantom Quest Corp is a poorly publicized title, but a lot of fun. Plenty of laughs, interesting characters, a little fanservice for the otaku set, & a 
The King of Indy Films. The King is an intense, often painful film about a young man named Elvis Gael Garcia Bernal who gets out of the Navy and comes 
One of Kind. This is a fantastic review of some of the people who passed through Antone s, in Austin, Texas, over the years. Mostly Chicago blues presented in the 
Rocky is. still the best!Makes you feel like trying to do something you have always wanted to do,but you needed that push  
Wonderful story!. Wow, Francis Coppola really did a good job by remaking the book. He was very close to making the movie exactly like the book. With great locations for 
Undertakers dvd is a 5 star dvd. 80-76 -perfect75-71 -awsome70-66 -good65-61 -poor60-56 -awfulDisk one1. Undertaker vs. Hulk Hogan for the wwe title 1991 survivor series- This was a good way 
BLUES THE WAY IT IS SUPPOSED TO BE !!!!!!!. Folks all I can say is if you don t have this DVD, and you re an admirer of electric blues, 
I enjoy this movie every year!. This is a great movie, which I always watch around Thanksgiving time. It is a classic. Stan and Ollie and great, and the sets 
Excellent When s Season II?. Watched Seasson I on Showtime, then bought the DVD. I liked it that much. Good acting and I enjoyed the storyline. However the BIG Question 
THIS IS THE WAY I LIKE IT... Classic disco hits performed with style and energy by the original artists in front of an enthusiastic audience. Very good quality. This DVD 
You ve won the war but have not learned anything. A young military officer, Spud Wilson James McKechnie , in the ecstasy of a mock war confronts an old officer 
The Watcher Is Worth Watching!. I think i m becoming more of a Keanu Reeves fan. After just watching Constantine, looking back at this movie was a fun thing to 
charlie chan collection, vol 1 and vol 2. ranks with the sherlock holmes series starring basil rathbone as the best detectives series. the characters are excellent and well conceived  
 Now we just stay the course Joseph Goebbels. If at first glance the idea of Kenneth Branagh reading excerpts from the diary of Joseph Goebbels seems to provide a 
Classic!. The two biggest reasons to get this movie: 1. Turtle and 2. the soundtrack. The surfing scenes are great. You will never find a movie that tries so little 
A bloody modern day siege. Ethan Hawke leads a well rounded cast starring as booze and drug dependent yet ethical Detroit police Sergeant Roenick in the action thriller Assault on 
enjoyable story. I enjoyed this DVD.Note, the person that was having trouble because they could only get half the chapters ... the DVD is two-sided with Chapters 1-3 on Side 
THESE ARE CLASSICS AND SHOULD BE TREATED BETTER THAN THIS!. This review would have 5 stars,but for the lack of care for these treasured classics. Especially Rudolph! Come on! Watching 
in some ways better than James Bond. I really like Mike Hammer. I know him since I was young and watched every episode from the first run. Unfortunately this box 
Enjoyed this. I don t have anything deep and meaningful to say about this one. It was fun, engaging, witty. I m not usually a Woody Allen fan, but I 
Great Adventure Photography. This is a very good DVD right in line with The Photographers DVD. If you enjoy photography this is a nice DVD in that it covers some 
Mai Kanamori from NIS, Macbeth and Washizu . One man s life with full of ups and downs is pictured in the film, The Throne of Blood , directed by 
DVD. Amazon is always fast and reliable. Have used them in the past and will continue to use them in the future  
A wonderful conclusion. The questions raised by the first chapter are answered. I actually liked this volume better than the first - it s a nailbiter, humorous yet morose, and 
Yes, yes, yes. All I can say is this is a must see - a hilarious film you can truly watch over and over again. :  
Being There with Peter Sellers. The film has to be seen, in whatever format you can get hold of. It is one of Peter Sellers finest works and a great 
Gilda. Gilda was Rita Hayworth s vehicle tocinematic immortality. She plays theGrande Dame of Femme Fatale; the seductiveHigh Priestess of all bad girls andother women of the world. Blatant voyeurismis 
bringing home to your T.V. I recently moved from Guam to the U.S. and i needed a workout DVD that would keep me motivated. I put on a little swimsuit 
Springing up through the cracks. Born into Brothels is a breath of fresh air in a sea of squallor. Rather than exploring the darkness that penetrates and poisons a thing 
One Of The Best. If you like Steven Segal, you will love this movie. He is fabulous in it, and slams the really evil bad guys in their faces, the 
Helloooo, Nurse!. I was 14 years old when this show first came out, so I was enough of a kid to enjoy watching anvils falling on people s heads, but 
Nip Tuck Complete 3rd Season. Nip Tuck is always good, dramatic and entertaining. Season 3 lived up to my expectations and I will be purchasing season 4 as soon as 
An enjoyable movie!. I came across this name of the movie when I went to a Deaf History tour at University of Iowa library last Feb., otherwise, I wouldn t 
A smart program for young minds. Fun for adults, too . I ve always appreciated that this series doesn t dumb its subject matter down. The Big Aquarium is no 
Better than Next Friday, but not the first. For the second straight time, Mike Epps replaces Tucker, but he plays Craig s Ice Cube cousin. Don t get me wrong, 
Impeccable transfer of a classic 1950s camp classic. If you ve never seen THE BLOB in a theatre, you re missing something ... the color and crisp photography were a 
Fantastic Farce. The show is a British version of Hogan s Heroes but completely Farcical. I was so pleased when it came on DVD after seeing it on PBS very 
Great Video For New Parents!. My husband and I purchased this DVD to learn what to expect when we bring our baby home. We wanted an overview of everything, and 
Glad I bought it. I really enjoy all the action and suspense. We get to see all the main characters from the start. Great storylines  
The First Episode of ER ....how different back then. Greetings...I just got done watching this video for the first time. I had been a fan of ER off and on 
Not a Hollywood Gem, But Lasting Messages. If for nothing else, this film has one of the most memorable lines that you will ever hear in a movie. Bullworth is 
Electric Company Still Rocks!. I teared up when I heard the music from the theme song to the Electric Company for the first time in 30 years. I grew up 
Rebels with a cause, and led by a young Matt Dillon. Over the Edge covers some common themes that are still prevalent among teenagers today. The key for this movie 
Greatness Personified. This lion in the bush, old and tired,finds much to do, and can be very dangerous. This is a remarkable, personl look at Winston Churchill, the lion, in 
the futures only hope is the president of the nra charlton heston. ok sue me,i love this piece of cheese from the 70 s. a remake of sorts of the 
A classic!!!. I think this is the best movie about werewolves....it mix humor and terror, the story is so joyable that you want it never ends...and aditionally the movie is 
This DVD is Fabulous!!!. This DVD has everything you need to begin crocheting. Even if you re a beginner, pop this DVD in and you ll be on your way 
Ice Cold, Hot Wired!. Gone in 60 Seconds is a guilty pleasure - its vacuous and superficial, full of typical Hollywood produced guy-movie cues. Cars, guns, explosions, anti-heros, and Angelina 
Aliens and the end of the world are offered up from the Zone. Aliens abound but appearance can be deceiving, as we learn in the two of the episodes of 
Widescreen Alice in 2.35:1 Todd-AO 35 Scope on 4 25 05!. [...]February 2005:Alice s Adventures in Wonderland Released 25.04.05 , DVD, released in UK.Widescreen 2.35:1 Anamorphic, English.As advertised:A fifiteen year 
LIFE AND DEATH ON THE FRINGE. BROTHER S KEEPER New Video Group , the much praised, unforgettable true account of the murder trial of Delbert Ward, is a mesmerizing, heart-rending 
Brokeback Mountain. What a truly stunning film, this type of film has been long overdue in the movie industry, more of these should see the light  
Better than expected, decent action and storyline. Well, I thought this movie was going to be a rip off of various other sci-fi thrillers about the future, and it wasn 
Interesting Movie. I liked this movie. It was very touching. The way they cast the movie is the best aspect of it. The story has been told in so many 
pleasantly surprised. Since the team behind Batman: The Animated Series and Batman Beyond were concurrently starting work on Justice League Unlimited, I was afraid that the quality of the series 
Not just the cookie. The first 15 min of this movie was stragely frighting beyound beleief. Because it is not a horror flick at this point, then it heads into 
A little-known but wonderful film about faith. This film has much to recommend it to both Christians and non-Christians as it tackles the issues of faith and what happens to 
Great Flick. I bought it for my girlfriend, but if you love dogs and a good love comedy flick, you have to watch this one  
Best Documentary, hands down!. I have honestly never watched such a good documentary. I learned way more to the original story than most people know. If you want to find 
Outstanding movie - where are the extras?. I loved this terrific adventure movie as a child, and I find that it still holds up quite well after all these years.This 
Only then. Can we be. Happy. Time has not always been kind to the original Star Trek, certainly not in light of its special effects or sometimes labored drama. But 
Awesome!. Bonus stretching, aerobic, and kickboxing workouts are included. I ordered 7 different DVDs one day and this one is my favorite  
A strong finale for Greg Wiggle. I chose five stars for one reason: because this DVD mesmerizes my 18-month-old daughter. The Wiggles have been favorites of hers for a few 
Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies,Volume 1. All your favorite Warner Bros. cartoon stars,Bugs Bunny,Elmer Fudd,Daffy Duck,Porky Pig,Foghorn Leghorn,Speedy Gonzales,Tweety,Sylvester,Pepe Le Pew and Yosemite Sam are here. I loved these cartoons 
I was a Super fan for years!. I had to have the entire series. Every season was more adventurous than the last  
I don t know what to say...!!!!!!!!!!!!. This is a very very very very good movie, action lovers would love it!!! Harrison Ford does a great job in the acting. 
Sarah, Plain and Tall - Trilogy. Thank God there are three of the Sarah movies. I can sit down in an afternoon and lose myself in these pioneer day movies. 
Arthouse classic, Cult movie, or snoozefest?. I first saw this movie at a film festival as Dellamorte, Dellanmore and was enchanted by it. It was an off beat comedy-zombie-love-story which 
Please Clarify... it said that this box is an amazon exclusive . well i have seen this box and purchased it with everything that it has in it at stores 
AWESOME. If you like anything about being a person on earth then you should buy this video. If you hate being a person on this earth buy this movie, you 
What CGI should be. The visuals on this DVD are the best I have seen of this type. The music flows well and gives it a great energy. The sound 
Orphan in Denver, Colorado. I loved this movie. My dad just died two months ago and this is the first time I ve seen this movie. Tomorrow I m going 
Worth watching for strong acting. Emmett Young Scott Wolf , a homicide detective, has only a short time left to live. He meets a government agent Gabriel Bryne who convinces 
If you liked Fargo you ll love this movie. Good performance by Billy Bob Thornton. A lot of outside scenes shot on location in northern Minnesota in the dead of 
Random Harvest- Very Good. I love this movie. I first saw it flipping through channels and landed on TCM. I fell in love with it. The true love in it 
Gosling Impresses in Tale of Drugs and Deception. It may be named for an amateur wrestling move, but writer director Ryan Fleck s Half Nelson drips with full-fledged cinematic sophistication 
Brilliant vampire flick. Since I ve been watching a ton of Eurohorror classics lately, now is as good as a time as any to say a few words about Daughters 
Dustin Hoffman sparkles with courage. Dustin Hoffman s performance here gives further credence to his elite and legendary status as the industry s most celebratedely vacuous actor. It puts him 
Love this show. Good show to watch and greatest twists off of real life crime story  
 Too Funny! . The storyline and acting were great. The premis was too funny, and Geroge Hamilton did a superb job playing Dracula. Though I had seen it in 
Muppet Movie. The dvd quality is excellent. The movie plays great and if you love the muppets is a must have movie  
fantastic broadway musical and drama. great casting, dancings and performance. well, if you keep abusing yourself, nobody can save you. this so talented broadway genius simply couldn t himself to 
John Wayne John Ford Collection. Excellent movies with one that previously wasn t available Wings of Eagles , and the best western ever made The Searchers . They don t 
My favorite Iranian film. I m so annoyed that this movie is not more widely known. It is not in most video stores, and has not received the acclaim of 
Great Music...Classic Music. Just get this concert and listen to it. That s it...nothing more. It s a must have.  
Haunting and mesmerizing..... This remake is one of my favourite movies.It s surreal and just breathtaking. The camera work, costumes, the choice of locales...the music! Everything about it is beyond 
The film of my dreams. this film is really beautifful, the history is wonderful, and at this moment i ve not received that yet, so i m really exciting for 
A wonderful indie flick. Dysfunctional, Open-Minded, and down right humorous describes Confessions of an American Girl . Jena Malone Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys, Stepmom shines in this film, just 
Blue Gender is the BEST!!!. All I can say is WOW. I had heard that this series was good but that was a monumental understatement. This series is deep. This 
a fasinating 1960 movie. a beautiful movie shot before the jesus statue was built on the top of that mountain. death followed the heroine all around...such a sad but very 
This is not one to miss. I have seen this version, as well as the IMAX, Nova, BBC TV-series versions of the great Sir Earnest Shackleton Antarctic Expedition.The IMAX is 
A bit outdated but good. The Celluloid Closet is based on the Vito Russell book. The documentary discusses the roles of gays and lesbians in Hollywood. Lily Tomlin narrates the 
Great Season - Some of the best episodes. The main reason that I got this one was the Lee Harvey Oswald episode. Great final season  
Ghost In The Shell S.A.C. Vol 4. . Production I.G. does it again in Vol.4 this series continues to get better with every volume and every episode. For those of 
Cool cat. I am 59 been playing since I was 14keepin up with the pros now it use to be the VENTURESplaying along with the bes  
old video in great shape. This video arrived in perfect shape and condition, a great old movie. So much better than the re-make...thanks!  
A U2 Fan Must Own. I ve been a U2 fan since their early years. You ll read many philosophical reviews and in-depth disections here, but my point of view 
Let Australia kill him. The Australian countryside is gorgeous, and Tom Selleck is perfectly cast as the cowboy, circa 1880 or thereabouts. Selleck plays Matthew Quigley, a Sharps rifle sharpshooter 
this is for people who HAD imaginations when they were kids!!!!!. ok don t you remember drawing wierd creatures when you were little?this is for THOSE people!!!!! ok???i used to 
Best of Times. It s a fun filled comedy about highschool football in a small town. Robin Williams and Kurt Russell are great as they replay the game that shaped 
christian durango rules. he makes this movie one of the greatest movies of all time if you dont see this your missing out on something special  
Love Steve Irwin!. We just love the combo of The Wiggles and the Irwin family, the enthusiasm is wonderful  
Totally surprised. Quick summary:Audio quality: 10 10 I own 20 concerts, this is number one in audio quality. Gilmour sounds better now than he ever did. Not kidding.Video Quality: 8 
Gritty and Great. Fans of Band of Brothers and Saving private Ryan should not miss it. Although production values aren t as good, the story, acting, and everything else are 
Ring The Bell!!!. This movie is a gem. I will admit that if you don t have the right sense of humor, you may think the movie is stupid, boring, 
Old-Fashioned Sci-Fi Movie At Its Best. I sound like an old man when I say that there are movies back in the day that are better than the slickest modern 
Worthwhile, shoot-em-up with engaging story..... This was an interesting film staring the up & coming star Heath Ledger as Ned Kelly. Beautifully filmed in Australia with anequally adventurous film score 
underated western, great historical script. good actors, great story... some good action too... this is great movie to help put together the bits and pieces of the stories you ve 
Re-enroll in Summer School!. I was really surprised at how entertaining Summer School is. I bought this at a DVD blow-out sale and decided to take a chance as the 
a masterpiece. This has been one of my favorite movies for quite a while so finally I decided to have it on DVD rather than VHS  
ARE YOU BEING SERVED? YES!!!. The previous reviewer needs to get more into the season...and forgo his Scrooge demeanor.First, look at the price of this item. Under 15.!!! Perfect for 
Witty Light Romantic Fare. Taken for what it intends, this a great film. Formulaic? Yes, but it s a formula done well. Ridley Scott and Russell Crowe demonstrate that light-hearted 
An active and fun 60-minute DVD introduction to the wonderful hobby of hip-hop dancing for children. Also available in a VHS format 19.95 , Hip Hop For Kids: Pop! Lock! 
Great movie and free!. First, I couldn t complain about this movie even if I wanted too. It was free! This is a great flick. Not scary, but what is 
a double feature set containing 2 good movies. these two movies are probably the closets to the novels not to mention great movies however i think they overdid Dracula but 
I hereby dedicate this review to...Myself!!!. Having recently turned 34, I decided to go back to college. These last few weeks have brought back memories such as standing in long 
Very Inspirational. I loved the portrayal of a tough honest lawman who also showed a deep understanding of human nature. He was also a very warm family man. The way 
This Takes the Cake abd EATS IT!. Cannibal has to be the most macabre thing I ever viewed. It goes beyond gross, vile and stupid. It explores every twist and 
The Best Kevin Smith Movie next to Dogma. I like Kevin Smith movies..I love an evening with Kevin Smith one see my review and two evening harder . So this 
Wonderful story. I m not here to write a mini-novel about the film. I thought it was great though. I loved the concept, the characters, the cinematography and the story. 
I was amazed at how good this is. I bought this DVD because it was cheap, and I figured I could not go wrong with an old Hitchcock classic. The 
Positively Fabulous. It interestingly starts off with a rare 1966 performance in which the absence of Grace clearly effects the band s presence.I was actually expecting a more documentary setting, 
Nudity not necessary for the film. It was a good film, even if it had a sad ending. BUT, the FULL NUDITY was unnecessary and made it unsuitable for kids 
Fascinating film. Great film about human relationships -- culture, tradition and self-determination. No where near as controversial as one might guess from the bruhaha  
I use this When I am really Sore from the Other Firm Videos. I love this video. When I have made Myself sore from other firm videos I simply get 
Awesome Series. Probably the best anime I ve seen since Evangelion. Its intricate plot and fascinating characters really make it an awesome anime. And the combination of action, gore, romance, 
The Third in The Dirty Harry Era. The third picture featuring Clint Eastwood as Dirty Harry. Clint Eastwood resumes his role as Police Inspector Harry Callahan; Tyne Daly plays the 
Doris Day in a high-stepping musical feast!. C mon along and join Doris Day and a top supporting cast in a high-stepping musical feast - the infectious LULLABY OF BROADWAY!Melinda 
Mario Van Peebles found a great criminal in Wesley Snipes!. Drugs ain t a black thing, or a white thing. It s a death thing. Death don t give a 
A Fairy Tale Adventure-You won t want to miss!. This is one of the best DVD s! It was a fun adventure that traversed through many legendary kingdoms in the 
better then I expected. Jim Belushi and Tupac have good chemistry as 2 crooked, conflicted cops. Tupac played a good character as a troubled cop. He was willing to bend 
THE BEGINING OF ONE OF THE MOST BEAUTIFULL CONTEMPORARY STORIES. Before the Beatles, Before Lennon-Mcartney there was Lennon-Stucliffe two working class boys from Liverpool that loved each other like brothers 
So cute!. It s rare a movie comes along that is good for both kids and adults. This one does it beautifully! I wish they made stuff like this when 
fantastic! simply fantastic!. the story never becomes boring. storyline, acting, directing, stunt, make-up...everything is good  
If the censors could have shown the full story. I am colored by my recollection of the original novel when I saw this again. Story contained adultery,hot sex, incest in 
Excellent. My kids love Thomas and this DVD set did not disappoint. get it now  
One of the best movies. I first saw Cinema Paradiso in 1990 in Hong Kong. It s a movie that nicely knitted the nostalgia of childhood, adolescence, puppy love, and, 
Truly one amazing film. Malena is truly a great film. It works on so many levels. This foreign film is one of my favorites and it s also a great 
Mysterious and Serene. Throughout Dolls you feel as if you are observing the life of two Banraku dolls on an inner journey to escape the prison of their reality as 
An Amazing Tale from The United States of Depression. First of all, Christina Ricci is gorgeous as always. Sure, that may not be very useful to the female audience, but 
Angel Season 5. I am very happy with this, I loved the Angel series and just needed season 5 to complete my collection. Great series just like Buffy and Firefly. 
Holmes and Watson; Plummer and Mason: An Excellent Film. In my view this is one of the best Sherlock Holmes movies yet made, with a strong, literate story, an outstanding 
Kotick is a Winner!!. Of the three half-hour Jungle Book adaptations that Chuck Jones did in the 1980s, this is undoubtedly the best, the story of Kotick, the white seal 
House of fools proves to be stunning. While searching for a movie I was sure no one else in my family would want to see, I stumbled into the forgeign 
A family gets help..?. The movie seems very simple. A dysfunctional family becomes a functional family. Yet while they do seem to solve many of their problems - the husband 
I love the three sex scenes. A guy named Jason as a little boy he saw his daddy named Man Dog who s a vetinam veteran beating his mother then 
Top notch entertainment. I could spend a paragraph or two telling you what the plot story of this movie is about. Or you could read any one of the hundreds 
Life of Buddy Holly. We really loved this DVD,as a fan of 50 60 s music and really enjoying Buddy Holly s music,it gave us alot of information on Buddy 
Depth... One well fusioned album with a lot of depth! Mira Niar did know L. Subramaniam would give a strong backbone to her movie - no doubt about that! Like 
An actual rest stop toilet is scarier. If you plan on watching Rest Stop with the intentions of being scared or shocked, save your time. If, however, you want to 
great fight sequences and screen presence of Brandon Lee elavate this movie. i watched this movie a long time ago,and remember it as being nothing short of awesome.i guess our 
ea sux. This game is pretty fun , but it really goes away from the old best games. When Westwood R.I.P died , they took over , and they killed 
Excellent acting and a great murder mystery. Attention Roy Marsden fans, it s a simple fact that you re going to find that the change of actors to Martin Shaw 
Ciao Manhattan. i knock down a star for this because of the insufferably boring scenes involving Mr. Verdeccio and his chauffeur.take all that out and you ve got your 5th 
Bravo. This movie may not win any oscars, but it sure is entertaining. And that is what I look for in a movie. It kept me engrossed right up until 
Dog Soldiers. Fantastic, chilling movie. If you are looking for a thriller with gore, this movie is it  
How many ways can you watch Eloise....let s count. Twice on Monday, Three times on Tuesday, Once on Wednesday, ....My girls consistently ask to watch this movie over and over 
This movie is for everyone, not just children. It s a story about not being afraid. I think my parents got it for me because I have a chronic lung 
 We all go a little mad sometimes. Haven t you? . Hitchcock s Psycho 1960 is a film that has stood the test of time well, and that deserves 
National Geographic Africa. To know a country is to know its people. Previously apart from South Africa, Africa was a homongenous blur to me. This series looks at the different 
If you love Lisa Kudrow.... .... then you ll probably love this show. Keep in mind this is an HBO comedy, so don t expect the type of derivative, unoriginal 
What a DVD!. I was a Road Warrior fan back when they were in the AWA. In fact I have an original VHS tape they released of them when they 
Tough but effective. This workout kicks butt. It s quite tough but it will really help you out if you also do cardio five days a week. There are some 
Much Ado About Nothing. Shakespeare s Much Ado About Nothing is my first Shakespeare play, read or studied, and by no means was I disappointed. I enjoyed the humor, mistaken 
Kathy s Power Step Workout. I really enjoy this workout, it s a great all round lower body workout. The powerstep aspect of this workout really increases the heart rate 
Against Thee Wickedly. I have always been a fan of horror movies and was delighted when I discovered this gem. Unlike many of the modern movies, this is not a 
Classic Samuri Movie. This movie is the inspiration for Fist Full of Dollars, a classic Clint Eastwood spaggetti western. It has a great plot, excellent character development, and of course 
Battle Royale. Fast shipping, and arrived in great condition, I am extremely content with my purchase  
Wonderful story, 2nd-rate presentation. I purchased this movie several years ago on VHS, and have put off buying a DVD because I m waiting for a widescreen version. My copy 
Great Mixing !. Live&Loose in Paris may had been a better concert, but THIS is a better DVD. The Dolby Digital 5.1 mix is excellent. L&L was only released in 
Don t Judge Too Quickly. The first time I saw this flick, I did not like it. It was so unusual in how it was done. Yes, I have been 
Beautiful Movie!. This was an incredible film. Perhaps I m biased simply because I AM Chinese; then again, everyone has to admit the plot was complex and well thought out. 
Another fine set of episodes for one of TV s most consistent shows. I have an extremely conflicted relationship with STARGATE SG-1. On the one hand, I think it one 
Creative, imaginative, and hilarious roll into one. It s as good if not better than Volume 1 of Cartoons That Time Forgot. The episodes are a bit more wierd in 
it rox so hard!. these movies are like soooooooooo awesum!!!!!!!!!!!! they are funny and educational, but mostly funny. ive spent hours and hours watching these movies and laughing my head 
i m not a fake reviewer. first of all i m a 100 authentic firm customer and i have been since 1998 and i resent the person that said these 
Please HBO....More Carnivale!!!!. Carnivale is something mystical...Carnivale is magical...Carnivale is good vs evil...Carnivale is and will always be HBO s best series!Come back Carnivale...I...we miss you  
In a word: SUPERb and SUPER superb. For the diehard Superman fan, for the occasional Superman fan, and even for the once-in-a-blue-moon fan of Superman, this DVD is worth the 
DESTINED TO BECOME A CLASSIC. Some reviewers have said this is an anti-war movie. That may be optimistic. Maybe it is a movie about the misery of being a submariner 
ironical, fascinating and irritating film noir stylization. Other reviewers consider this move the Coen Brothers best. Before viewing this film I had seen only Miller s Cossing and Fargo . 
Rooster Cogburn. Good scenery form Oregon, typical JW style, and typical Kate H. performance. Perhaps, too much violence in some places but also has good humor.  
it came from outer space. I like the story line of this movie, but most of all I remember watching it when I was a kid of seven. It was 
BELUSHI IS UNDERRATED. JIM BELUSHI IS AN EXCELLENT COMEDIC ACTOR.FROM REAL MEN TO TAKIN CARE OF BUSINESS TO MR.DESTINY .I DONT KNOW WHY HE DOES NT DO MANY FILMS ANYMORE 
Better than it has every right to be. It s not a great movie, but it s a lot of fun. This is one of those movies that just catches 
cute movie. cute and funny movie. we all had those girlz in school we wanted to do these things to. LO  
Incident at Oglala-The Leonard Peltier Story. Well documented and written. I would definitely rtecommend it to anyone who has a conscience and a God-given love for ALL human beings  
Roeg was probably on acid during filming...still, pretty good. As a big fan of Roeg, Bowie, and sci-fi in general, I was intrigued enough to purchase the new Criterion edition 
Awake America and strengthen the things that remain!. Empire building carries a cost. What will it cost America in the end? It has been noted that there seems to be 
Arousing but not enough detail. I was hoping to learn something new but was a little disappointed. I have never watched a video like this before and was expecting lots 
Funniest Standup Ever. This standup by Jamie is the funniest one I ve ever heard and I know many other people that agree with me. Its worth every penny, get 
Ben Affleck Proves His Metal. Anyone wanting a bit of old Hollywood gossip-cum-conspiracy-theory will be pleased with HOLLYWOODLAND. In the able hands of THE SOPRANOS director Allen Coulter, the period 
Without a doubt the best gay movie ever! Ever!. Expect to be surprised when you see Come Undone, and I do recommend you see it at least once. Having seen 
Barbarella is the unchallenged Queen of the Galaxy. After watching Jane Fonda as Barbarella I have nothing negative to say about her  
Entertaining gay themed detective story. After seeing years upon years of detective shows, like The Thin Man , Peter Gun , Burke s Law , Columbo or CSI , it 
izzle. dis movie was da shizzle fo rizzle my nizzle it wuz off da hizzle...werd \m  
excellent purchase. For children learning to read this package is outstanding. I was hesitant that the video about letters would be too simple for my 5 year old...but with the 
 There s nothing cheesy about a clap-on disco ball. . Directed by Steve Pink, whose previous credits includes writing the screenplay and co-producing the films Grosse Pointe Blank 1997 
As good as going to an AA meeting. This movie so reminded me of how messy things get when there are booze and pills. Among other things it perfectly captured 
I can watch it countless times!!!!!. This film made me curious of what Satoshi Kon s other works are like.What I liked about this movie is the diversity of the 
 His work is its own reward . This DVD presents two of the 50 minute Sherlock Holmes episodes that had Jeremy Brett as Sherlock and David Burke as Dr. 
Great Movie. The movie was very good. I enjoyed it and so did my students. It was a difficult trying to explain to my children that it s ok for 
Masterpiece of Black Comedy!. I first learned of this film from the curator of film at the George Eastman House in Rochester, NY. He said he had been on lay 
A Sweet Nutcracker. I watched Bourne s dance musical, Edward Scissorhand. This Nutcracker remined me of the musical. These two have many similarities-both sweet, lovely. creative. Some serious ballet people 
Decent thriller. Angelina Jolie plays an FBI profiler on the tail of a murdering maniac who steals the identities of his victims. His latest victim, played by Ethan Hawke, may 
We all wear Masks metaphorically speaking. This was the movie that made me love Jim Carrey. What an excellent use of his physical comedic abilities. The story line is very 
Shingen tactic of defending the domain, almost worked. A thief is caught stealing a few coins, but fastinates the Lord because he resembles Lord Takeda Shingen. The thief faces death 
Love Jones. Love Jones is my favorite movie. It shows an unique side to black love. The characters seem well rounded and deep  
One of the greatest films of all time. Despite what some people might think, Boyz N The Hood is in no way a film that glorifies a gangsta lifestyle. It 
Great cast, great story, great movie. Matthew, Morgan and Denzel weren t quite household names when this movie was made, but after watching it, you can see why they later 
Impossible to characterize, but funny, touching and sad. Asks the interviewer, What place would you give Shoot the Piano Player in relation to your other films? Answers director Franois Truffaut, 
Martina McBride DVD. If you are a Martina fan this is a must have, and if your not I think watching it will make you one. Great collection of her 
Three sexy asian babes, one high-tech, sophisticated, action film. Perhaps, I shouldn t relate this to the American made Charlie s Angel s films those are embarrassingly cheesy , but 
Tim Robbins Bob Roberts IS THE TRUTH!!!!. If you really want an idea of how ugly right-wing politicians, the media, and their followers can be you OWE it to yourself 
Leisurely Romantic Comedy. This one was not thoughfully picked , but caught my eyes in one of those channel surfing routines.. where just after few seconds , didn t think 
A Wonderful Movie Collection To Own. As always, Hallmark has out done itself. I Own all of the Hallmark movies available, and it was a sheer delight to add these 
Lange did deserve the award!. Jessica Lange plays a stressed out &quot;crazy&quot; military housewife who moves with her husband tommy lee jones and kids from hawaii to alabama. She gets 
Not studio dubbing, live recording but glitches. I agree the out of synch soundtrack has moments that are distracting but none of the tracks are studio versions. But someone obviously 
Superb. Glad it s finally on DVD. I bought this for myself but will have to order 3 more for friends of mine, they love it so much. I am 
Thoroughly Engaging! Expresses True Spirit of the Book!. The film begins with gripping scenes and haunting music ... Fighter jets landing, powerful spiritual music that is sad and almost like 
WILL MAKE A GROWN MAN CRY -- A CLASSIC. Disney s skill at repackaging and remarketing previous DVD titles brings us a double dog set: OLD YELLER SAVAGE SAM Disney 
Cultivating compassion. In 2002 Werner Herzog went to India to observe the festival of Kalachakra, the ritual that takes place every few years to allow Tibetan Buddhist monks to become 
V ery Funny. I loved this movie. The one liners are so funny. Mike Myers is over the top as the cat. If you like Mr.Myers you will like this 
Excellent Product from a Company that stands behind their products!. Both of the DVD s that are currently available in the My Baby Can Talk line are an absolute MUST 
Thoroughly Entertaining. This is a really good movie with an excellent excellent screenplay. The movie begins with the birth of punk, when a small roomful of people were fortunate enough 
Great Episodes And About 4 Hours Of Fun For 18. I thought this DVD was great and I can t believe someone gave it only 1 star. They must not 
The last gem of Sidney Lumet. This outstanding and bold director has always paid special attention respect the dark side of the state of things; like in this case where 
Pee-Wee s Funny Adventure!. Yes, Pee-Wee s Big Adventure is still a funny film. This first film by Tim Burton still hold s a magical charm for me. I remember 
Still There. Why is the first movie by Godard different from so much independent cinema nowadays? After all, Godard always is trying to impress us with cinematic tricks and arbitrary 
A Wonderful Movie. I have waited for years for this to come to the United States so I could own it, and now it finally has! This movie cheers me 
Like that Weed in the Backyard, It Keeps Growing on You. I foist enough of my generation s culture onto my son, so when he recommended Garden State to me, 
Non!. They stopped making silent movies eons ago -- or as my brother puts it, Movies with no talkin . But Mel Brooks revived the genre somewhat with the hilarious 
Great Acting, Great Story, Great Actors, Great Film. You can pick this movie up for a song these days and given that it is over 16 years old now if 
I Can Go For That!. One of my all-time favorite VHS tapes on DVD. If you have the VHS version and want to upgrade to DVD, you ll be happy 
Really motivating to go for science. I saw this series on TV some 20 years ago and it motivated me to go for science. It is understandable for everyone, but 
Sixth Season contains the best episodes. I love 6th season because it contains some of the most fun episodes in the X-Files. My personal favourite is The Ghosts Who Stole 
Interesting Movie, but.... This is another american remake of the original Danish movie, starring Stellan Skarsgard, which is more interesting than this remake. I always wonder why, when Hollywood does 
A primer on Le Mans style racing. The music is great as is the story. It is as interesting as it was when it was first released. A good movie 
Great DVD. We recieved this dvd free with our MOPS enrollment this year. My kids LOVE this. My littlest guy is one, and my other is 3. They both love 
Very, very good comedy. As other reviewers have said, Leonard Maltin is absolutely wrong about this film. The comedy is very tight and well timed. The dialogue is the wittiest 
HILARIOUS!. This movie is so funny. The plot can be a little dumb at times but Chris Tucker is what this movie is all about. He is hilarious. One of 
An excellent experience!. This was an excellent experience. My movies arrived very promptly and I have had the pleasure of watching them numerous times. Everything went well; the DVD s 
 So, so healthy! . After being been bitten by the yoga bug, I ve tried out a number of DVDs by various instructors. Baron Baptiste - Journey Into Power 
hot, hot, hot. Jeremy Irons has an affair with his son s fiancee Juliette Binoche, and becomes obsessed with her. Great erotic scenes, though not a lot of skin is 
a fun family flick. I don t know what that other guy is talking about. As far as LDS films go, this one is the funniest of the bunch, better 
If You re A Falk Fan. If you are a Peter Falk fan, this, along with any of his work is just what the doctor ordered  
Overrrated, Overhyped, Overlong And A Waste Of Celluloid!. This would have to be one of the most depressing movies I have ever seen. Robert Duvall plays Mac who is a 
Good but buy the complete season 1 instead. I am rating this 5 stars just because the MTM show deserves 5 stars. Notice that the sales rank of this start 
as creepy and byzarre as Altman gets. This movie is really strange and intriguing. Millie, fantastically played by Shelley Duvall is an annoying Cosmo Girl wannabe, who lives in her 
California Crayola. This movie is crayon colorful in its outlook and its sophistication. Stars Geena Davis and Jeff Goldblum are joined by relative unknowns Jim Carrey and Daymon Wayans in 
I love this movie!!. I don t care what anyone says this is the best movie in the howling series...its campy gory and just plain fun  
Sensual coming of age film. This film is incredibly well done. It handles topics of age, sexuality, social class, death, family aspirations...the tension that surrounds each topic is masterfully handled.This 
very swarve and cool. This film ticks all boxes to be honest, action, comedy, emotion.Im not going to tell you what its about because it already tells you by amazon.This 
Romeo & Juliet ~ Leonard Whiting. This was purchased for my daughter for her 15th Birthday. She is very deeply interested in Shakespeare and all his works but especially Romeo 
stars wars trilogy. my favorite movie is starwars trilogy. it is about the dark side and the good side. It takes place in the future. It is set in space. 
A fitting Tribute to THE Rat Fink. A respectful homage to Ed Roth by those who knew , and loved him. If you are a fan ,you should have this 
One thing: there ARE english subtitles!. One of the reviewers complained that this edition has n english subtitles, which makes it less attractive. Well, I own it and there ARE 
Fade To Black... Karen Black Burnt Offerings burned herself into my memory w this 1975 TV anthology! For 30 years I remembered the Zuni fetish doll in the AMELIA segment, 
It is disgusting... it causes pain just from watching it the ball bookmark and it is naughty - in one word it is hilarious! If you like that jackass stuff, 
Pleased with Gift. This item was a gift for my father. He was very pleased with the quick shipment and just loves the movie! Thank you  
Jailhouse Rock n Sock Em!. Plot: There has been a string of unsolved murders at Harrison Penitentiary. Detective Louis Burke Jean-Claude Van Damme is sent undercover as an inmate to 
The one and only Flynn. Only Errol Flynn could pull these roles off and make you feel like running away with him! This movie is a wonderful film and I 
The good beats the bad parts. I enjoyed this film for the most part. The action sequences of sword slashing and the escape moves were really good. I didn t 
Hilarious comedian. I purchased this item for my son who is a fan of Katt Williams and he thoroughly enjoyed it.  
Give it a shot. This is good. Not great for me, but I guess that heist films aren t entirely my thing. Clearly, from line one of this you know 
Resurrecting my love of toons!. I had pretty much given up on `toons and anime as a source of amusement around the time this show came out. I wasn t 
Movie. Was surprised by the price compared to other movies, but it was worth it  
Outstanding tutorial!. This DVD is very well done. Unlike Phil Hellmuth s DVDs which were suprisingly inadequate , Lederer truly takes the viewer through a number of sound, substantive advice 
Three Great TV Movies of Peter Ustinov. I m so thrilled to hear about Agatha Christie DVD Collection Featuring Peter Ustinov Dead Man s Folly, Thirteen at Dinner and Murder 
YOU ARE NOT ALONE. THE TITLE SAYS IT ALL,KIM IS NOT ALONE,CAUSE HE IS NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO LIKES GUY & LARS NOT ALONE NEITHER FOR THE SAME THING 
Five Stars. I recently purchased season one and two of R & B at the newly reduced price of 14.97 each and I can t tell you how much I 
one of the best of all time. Wit, one of the best movies I have ever seen.Emma s performance profoundly effected me.I watch the movie and though I am sad 
A great pair. [...]The amazing writer and now director David Mamet returns to write and direct an 2004 entertaining domestic spy crime drama thriller with Val Kilmer. Mamet has a 
In The Caress of Touching Evil. Ten beyond darkness. I ve set up the first episode of Touching Evil 1 - The Lost Boys - in my player. I ll 
 VCI Entertainment presents ~ Pete The Pistol Maravich Story on DVD . VCI Entertainment presents The Pistol:The Birth of a Legend 1991 Dolby digitally remastered , the true story 
Auspicious First Effort by Director Allen. This film is treated something like the lost child in the canon of director Woody Allen s career. As if he would have to 
Another great film in HD-DVD. Go, HD-DVD,Go!!!!. Is this what we were all waiting for??YES!!!Incredible image. Crisp. Rich. Full of detail. Incredible contrast. Amazing colors. This is exactly what HDTV 
Solid war WWII movie from an Italian point of view. El Alamein tells the story of the battle from the point of view of the Italian side, especially from that 
This film really touched me. I am very surprised at the negative reviews for this film. I never saw the Broadway musical on which the movie was based, so I 
 :D . I m a big denzel fan and this is one of my favorites. It follows the life of a police man who is trying to drag down 
Great. The Amazon staff reviewer correction: the acerbic Amazon staff reviewer is as opinionated as I am. And I don t like his opinions. I ve watched both the actors 
Best medical show ever. This show is funny, witty, clever and totally enjoyable. I cannot wait until the next season will be released on DVD  
WORK IT AND FEEL IT THE NEXT DAY. I continue to get Janis Saffell s exercise DVDs because first of all she s lovely to watch, has a beautiful, soothing 
Read the book and saw the movie!. Read the book and saw the movie! NEXT  
SCTV Rocks!!!!. It is just this simple, if you like SCTV at all, you ll want this. There are a few minor changes on some of the episodes for full 
To be 14 again!. Remembering the Osmonds from my teenage years, I was thrilled to find this DVD since it is a tape from a 1972 TV performance. This brought 
Excelently Made. This is one of the best movies that I ve seen in my life. The producer and actors portrayed life in Mexico in a very precise way. Apart 
so titillating. This is sweet sweet justice for those of us who grew up in the 80 s and saw it at the time.The stand-alone nature of every episode makes 
Classic band, classic DVD. The consummate live band, these guys could put on a show, and the DVD proves it  
Why Bill?. Bill Maher always nails the truth. It is very refreshing to hear the truth, especially with the right wing propaganda machine in full motion  
Good DVD. This is a very good and well made DVD. I m happy to have it  
I love this show. This was one of the best shows I ever seen and sadly it didn t last long. Instead of having a case solved at the end 
Beautiful. My family and I love this movie, which we have watched 3 or 4 times. It is amazing just to watch how lovely each shot of film is. The 
good film, bad acting. Actually the premise of this film would earn 5 stars, but the acting was so bad I did have a difficult time in getting through it. 
It s more than a movie about jazz. Round Midnight is the most delicate, sensitive and deep movie I ve ever watched.It s a movie that goes much beyond jazz 
Civil War. Great movie, great actors for such a sad part of the U.S. history ! It is great to see in this movie some men who really existed especially 
Thank you Julia!!!. Alright, I admit it: I am a chef wannabe. So my reviews of cooking and baking books, DVDs, etc are slanted.But you will have to admit, that 
This is an amazing DVD!!. I have the All-Star Tribute to Brian Wilson on DVD and enjoy it very much. It featured mega-stars like Elton John, Billy Joel, David Crosby, 
The Star Trek franchise continues... Nominated for 30 Emmys, including seven for Outstanding Special Visual Effects for a Series, Star Trek: Voyager continues the rich tradition of the original 1960s 
The Fantasy Film Worlds Of George Pal DVD. Whether you are a Sci-Fi fan or not, buy this DVD ! The star line-up of actors, writers, and directors explaining their 
Best Anime Feature of All time. This one still can t be beat for its quality story, anime, sound, action. The story might be a bit complicated for simpletons but 
Extremely Funny Movie. Election is one of the best comedies I have seen in a long time. The story centers on three high school students the class overachiever, the football 
great companion to Pose book. If a picture is worth a thousand words, a video must be worth a million. This DVD is a great companion to Dr. Romanov s 
Must Have Horror Classic. Carrie belongs in the collection of every horror fan. Sissy Spacek is perfect in this role. Piper Laurie is great as her psychotic mother. Director Brian 
Good family fun. Classic Dr. Who stuff! My 5 year old daughter was hiding under the blankets watching this one! I love these old episodes! My wife thinks they are 
Coppola s Most Underated Work. Rumble Fish 1983 Rated R by the MPAA for Adult Situations, Profanity, Brief Nudity, Some Violence, Minor Gore, Brief Drug Use & Underage Alcohol Use. 
Kiss Me Goodbye DVD. It was a very good DVD. I enjoyed it very much  
A woman s desperate attempt to free herself from male domination. At the urging of her husband Walter Peter Masterson , aspiring photographer and obviously less-than-full-figured Joanna Eberhart Katherine Ross 
6 STARS. MAN this is one of the best anime shows ever created, respectably only coming in secound to Cowboy Behbop, but this is amazing with all the new stories 
Guilty pleasures. I m not a television watcher, but every now and then when I hear enough about a show, my curiosity sometimes sparks me to see at least one 
I wish everyone understood Russian humor. God everytime i think about this movie I cave in, because it hurts me to think that none of my friends will ever see 
As I recall. Excellent film. The action in Schwarzenegger films is renowned. Often the writing, in the action films at least, is as well. This film ranks at the top! 
Graffiti Bridge. I really enjoy the movie. It s one I have wanted in my collection for a long time  
Luis Valdez is the Mexican American Shakespeare!. This movie is California historycome to life.It is a Mexican American storytold by the master.Has has all the elements of a classic:tragedy, love 
Shadow Across an Innocent Age. A film of subtleties and evil in plain sight, Alfred Hitchcock s Shadow of a Doubt is a slow moving character study of young Charlie, 
Fun & Environmental Messages. I enjoy this film because it is entertaining and includes good messages, of compassion, responsibility and environmental conserns. I love films that get me thinking and 
Diamond in the rough. This was the concert of the O Brother Where Art Thou? sound track. It has some great performances, less the famous Man of Constant Sorrow , 
karajan rehearsal. This is an exemplary rendition of a master musician at work. A perfectionist, who was born with an unparalleled muscianship. I reccomend it to any serious musician.  
An Incredible Black & White Sundance Award Winner. Imagine for a moment that you re a regular bloke and you want to do something to help the New York City 
Are You Henry?. What is a cult film? Is a cult film a film that lacks many of the components of a mainstream film, but somehow or other is able 
Rolicking trip to the past. Thoroughly enjoyed this. The Who, The Stone, John Lennon - it doesn t get any better then this. Great sound - highly recommended  
Terrific Set. In this whole boxset when i first got it i had only seen Nuts the most underrated Streisand film it has the quality OF A GREAT PERFORMANCE , 
Merci Language Tree. Thank you Language TreeFrench for Kids has my kids off to a great start with French.When I was a kid we didn t have fun interactive DVD 
Artfully humorous romance full of deception recommended . SABRINA is a fresh remake of an older Humphrey Bogart and Audrey Hepburn romance story about transformation, recognition, and deception presented with 
A Beautiful and Emotionally Triumphant Picture!. Evita is the movie version of the popular Broadway musical of the same title. It tells the true story of Eva Duarte Peron, the 
Buddist fist. excellent film directed by a genuis Yuen Woo ping one of my top five films that has involved Yuen Woo Ping and Simon Yuen the old man in 
WIT. I also saw this movie. If you want to know how it is when you or someone has cancer and is dying. You must watch this movie. It doesn 
GITS: Stand Alone Complex Vol. 4: Tachikoma-centric. This set contains episodes thirteen through sixteen of the first series season from Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex. The fourth volume 
More then I had expected... I happened to catch this film while I was flipping through the channels. I like films that make you think, or tell you other peoples 
A Utopia With Dark Edges And Shadowy Cornerspaces. I once thought I was almost alone in liking this creepy and fun 2004 film, but the fact is it seems to 
This set the standard for both quality and storylines for other Anime. I love this show! I don t care if anybody thinks Cowboy Bebop or Samurai Champloo is better 
Great Trilogy and Special features. Everyone knows the first Jurassic Park movie rocked. The Lost World was just as good, but it was more of the same: thrilling dinosaurs and 
 You must not care whether you live or die . There were three medieval British Isle films released in 1995 -- Braveheart, Rob Roy and First Knight. Mel Gibson 
good condition. I got the DVD on time and it looks as good as described  
Can I give it 6 Stars?. An excellent series, Babylon 5, brings to the screen the parallel stories of prominent people aboard a major station under Human control in neutral 
I ll never grow tired of this movie. I ve seen this movie a zillion times, and was quite shocked when I bought and watched the DVD, as the version 
Visually spectacular and satisfying. This landmark film from 1984 is a dark interpretation of the well known fairy tale legend, Red Riding Hood. It s focus is on the splendid 
Brain Damage 1987 d: Henenlotter, Frank. Frank Henenlotter s second low-budget feature about a boy and his pet monster, is an anti drug horror comedy that is almost as good 
The Ending. I love this movie. That is my review. I love the scenes in Lake Tahoe - the cinematography, the colors, the love...I have one question. Does Seth dive 
Steve and Stevie... What I found most interesting about this documentary is that the filmmaker Steve James has a hard time separating himself from the subject Stevie. Whereas a lot 
This film is brilliant!. I just rewatched this film and am amazed at how timeless it is - except for the clothing - of course ; This film makes you 
An astounding movie!. I saw this a long time ago on the Showcase Channel, having heard about it through the local TV-Guide-ish magazine. Man, was I blown away by the 
Teen Titans Season 3. With Terra and Slade known as Deathstroke in the comics now gone, the plots take a new turn, with Brother Blood as the main line villain.Fans 
Beautiful. This is awesome!!! The Bass was recorded a bit too lound, so it blairs even on low volume, but it is an awesome disc--most inspiring  
Excellent film. Great casting. Good plot. Oustanding special effects and character makeup for Hellboy Ron Pearlman . A must for action film lovers. Buy it  
The mirror of every gay in the closet...excelent movie!. Funny,Dramatic,a nice love story, a perfect coming out gift for Gay s parents. An aproach to the Chinese Family Traditions in 
Well Worth Watching. I like this series because they stay close to the books and the look of the production is totally authentic. It s easy to see why Christie 
Better than the novel. I m a huge fan of the harold robbins novel but i ve got to say that the film is every bit as good and probably 
Gwendoline Hot and Fun. Gwendoline is free spirited and lots of beauiful skin adventure and action.Good choice of entertainment.They need to bring back a lot of these typemovies with lots 
Favorite Movies!. These are some of my favorite movies by Abbott and Costello and if you have not been privileged to view this hilarious duo I would advise that you 
 :D . I m a big denzel fan and this is one of my favorites. It follows the life of a police man who is trying to drag down 
Ferociously funny!. Rollo Lee John Cleese is a newly-appointed Zoo Director who s been told in no uncertain terms that he must make the venture profitable. Rollo quickly concludes that 
A masterpiece. All these years later and it still holds up to this day. John Landis crafted a comedic and horiffic classic with An American Werewolf in London in 1981, 
William Powell as Philo Vance is excellent in this locked room whodunit. Markham, says urbane gentleman crime-solver Philo Vance William Powell to the district attorney, I m coming more and 
Different Shade of Pink. A Shot in the Dark , apparently, was intended to be a screen adaptation of a murder mystery stage play. Somehow, after the character of Inspector 
better than i expected. When i heard about being released i thought it was a bad idea because the cartoons were fantastic and i know most people hate this movie 
Madonna:- The Immaculate Collection. Madonna s first music video compilation, The Immaculate Collection was released simultaneously with its companion audio album in November 1990. The track list between the two 
A Definite Buy for Dancers. Though I am not a dancer, I love anything having to do with ballet. I discovered this little film many years ago and rented it 
A gift for heart and senses... I watched this movie, so many times. And I m never tired to do so. Ya, right, maybe it sounds extreme, but when you 
Grateful for this. For decades I have wanted to return to the safe haven that was The Dick Cavett Show. When the Rock Icons collection came out, I grabbed it 
I like it!. I have heard many different reviews and heard much feedback about this kids-teaching-kids hip hop series, and I am happy to report that I like it myself, 
This was sooo good!. I purchased The Grand-Series One based purely on Amazon.com reviews and its description as I had never heard of it before. I am happy to say 
Five Big Stars is the review, the text is some advice:. If you plan on buying this as a present for some young person s birthday or other event , 
One of The Big Four . There are four movies that serve as the pentultimate example of how to effectively utilize the comedic genius of Dan Aykroyd, a man who 
Vengeance is a Dish Best Served for Two. NO SPOILERS:My suggestion is to go into this movie as blind as possible. Don t read the synopsis. Don t read the 
 Awful lot of money being wasted around here! . For those who haven t seen this film, the above line is spoken by William Bendix and refers to the 
The best zombie movie since Dawn of the Dead. If you felt the first Resident Evil movie didn t quite capture the atmosphere of the original game, you can sleep 
The Adventures Of Teddy Ruxpin. Teddy Ruxpin is a Illiop.Grubby is a Octopede. Not a worm.Tweeg is Grunge troll.Woodly What s-it is a Snowdoser.You have any questions on Teddy Ruxpin 
 This is not just about re-animating the dead anymore. We can create new life! . I Love the Re-Animator films simply because of the hidden element of humor they 
immense talent, wasted life. In this documentary Tupac Shakur--gangsta rapper, movie star, rape convict, and murder victim--narrates the story of his own life and work. And what a work, with 
Vastly superior to its pathetic predecessor. Steven Speilberg actually made a good monster animal attack movie for once.On another note, Nick, a character who appears in this movie, was the 
A bizarre little love triangle. A Place in the Sun starring Montogmery Cliff, Elizabeth Taylor, and Shelly Winters is a moody, rich, and very melodramatic movie of its time. This 
Macabre journey into Wisconsin s bizarre history... Wisconsin Death Trip is a journey back to the late 19th century into the town of Black River Falls, Wisconsin, where poverty, hunger, 
A New Bond with a New Style. The mystery of how well the new Bond would replace Roger Moore in the fifteenth official Bond movie was over with The Living 
 Look at those horses; what are they draggin ? Heavily guarded, what is that wagon? . Framed and having served a prison sentence, Taw Jackson John Wayne is finally 
Frustrating... You may want to avoid this one. If you re reading this review and have checked out the DVD details you no doubtedly know who Eric Johnson is and 
An enjoyable but not great film. I tend to agree with critics who reviewed this film when it was released.Not up to normal past Pixar standards.I say it is most 
awesome movie!. This movie is a wonderful follow up to the first...Anne has the same charming spirit and the cast is just as wonderful as they were the first time. 
A superstar...well right you are!. This is one of the best music DVD s i ve seen. Being a huge John lennon fan, this was the first time I ever 
Can t be beat!. This was a great movie, for children and adults alike. It was better tome than the real movie that came out Dec. 06. I like the 
different is beautiful. I remember seeing this move come to the big screen and noticed that Juliet Lewis was in it. I love her performance a great deal. Well tonight 
Great Movie!. Never watched Project Greenlight, and never watched the very limited release of Feast, but got the movie from the radio station I work at damn, it s sad 
Memento meets Closer. I ve walked through my local Blockbuster new release section many times over the last few months, looked at the video box, picked it up, but then 
Typical first season of a show. As is true with most shows, the first season of DS9 seen in hindsight has the actors groping a bit for their ultimate personality 
Pigs Can Fly!. I don t know anime, but I know what I like. Or do I? The idea of an animated feature about a pig flying an aeroplane sounded 
funny but also sad. Bark was a very funny movie but it was also sad, as the wife was truly sick. As usual Vincent D Onofrio did a spectacular job 
Needs Another Run. This is way better than Family Guy by far. if people would have watched ABC in the 90 s they would have seen it too. but still 
A True Hidden Treasure. Wow! I watched it for my first time today and I have to say that this movie was really something to see. It really has the 
This is what education is about!. I ve been so inspired by this DVD because I also teach in a neighbourhood school. Children who attend my school come from the 
Classic. This movie is a classic. If you haven t seen it or heard of it, buy it now  
Excellent!!. I just finished watching this and came away thinking this was one of the best movies of this type I have ever seen!Without going into the storyline...the film has 
Much funnier than its american cousin. I got this set after a long night with a British couple in a series of Paris bars. I wasn t a big fan 
Great for both men and women. The instruction and exercises in this video are great for both men and women. The technique shown is simple enough to understand and master, 
 Keep your feet on the ground and not your head in the sky, . Slickly made and featuring a terrifically involving performance from its lead man Kuno Becker, Goal 
Fahrenheit 451. I think it s kind of poetic that I ended up getting the film adaption of Ray Bradbury s Fahrenheit 451 . It was because I couldn t 
11 10. How to be a part of real Rock History without being a musician, singer, producer or someone in the music business? Answer: Make a movie as this one. 
 You re a survivor Mary . Marked Woman was made in 1937 and featured the wonderful Bette Davis in a gritty, less than glamorous role. The movie is all 
A MASTERPIECE!. This is Beat Takeshi s masterpiece. Like his other movies, the film is understated, introspective, atmospheric, but with brief bursts of extreme violence. Most of the movie is 
Safety in the Shadows. I watch this video almost every day with my 10 month old - it s part of her bedtime routime to watch the nightime episode - 
Great Book. The Sum of All Fears is about soldiers in war. The book talks about the fear men have when they are in war. We never think about the 
Beautiful. This movie tells the history of Eddy Duchin, a great pianist.The music is performed by Carmen Cavallaro, so that you can see his impressive technique in action.The scene that 
Artful bullet dodger. I had never heard of Richard Nachtwey prior to this movie, but I m pretty sure I had seen his work. His metier: stark, bleak, black-and-white images 
 Are you happy NOW...Detective Mackey? . If you purchase this DVD, make sure you watch the extras on disc 4. Forest Whitaker discusses how the Kavanaugh character was conceived 
Wish I had this when I turned 16!. What a great idea! I bought this for my 15 year old who is counting the days until he can drive. He 
My favorite holiday movie for modern times!. The first time I watched La Buche, was a few days before Christmas in 2000, when I was not able to visit the 
Brosnan Geek. As a diehard Pierce Brosnan fan I grew up begging to be allowed to stay up late on a school night to see Remington Steele. I even used 
The DVD Picture Cover is the Only Mirage. Like the other people are saying the picture is wrong but as for the concert, it is top notch. Stevie is unlike 
Always a classic. As a teacher of Romeo and Juliet, this version stays pretty close to the original. There are some parts that are left out, but most students do 
Review of Push Pull only; very good full-body opposing muscle group workout using a stability ball. Push Pull is a 45-minute, full-body weight training routine which works opposing muscle groups 
Dr Jekyll and Mr. Hyde syndrome!. Fashion designer by day, tantalizing night butterfly by night; the always alluring and mesmerizing beauty of Kathleen Turner, shines in this morbid and arresting 
Wenders romanticism at its best. This film combines Wenders great romanticism and his loving, if not uncritical glances toward Americans--their sickness, loneliness, and lovingness. First time I saw it, I 
Keeping Up Comedy. Keeping Up Appearances is a really funny look at the pretentiousness of a middle-aged British married couple. Between them, in episodic domestic episodes, they give a very 
Anne Dudley &amp; Trevor Horn at their best!. Reading the other reviews on this DVD, I was stunned about the critics. What we have here is simply never been done 
NOT YOUR STEREOTYPICAL GAY FILM-THANK GOODNESS!!!. This is a very touching and meanigful film about friendship and love. One of the most important facts I like about this film is 
You re got to be kidding. I can t believe that this series ended where it did, with no resolution. What was it? Lack of ratings or what? I have 
Urban Legends- Final Cut. I loved urban legends- final cut Because It was a awesome Movie to watch with your Friends if into scary Movies  
Excellent!! A must have!!. Jeremy Brett does it again. I am pleased to have this final set which completes my entire Sherlock Holmes with Jeremy Brett collection by Granada. Sad 
A Blake Edwards Movie. How does one define, even try to give an assessment. Forget it...Peppard is wooden, Heperd is wooly, and Rooney is some where different.You have a bitter 
My Favorite!!!. Very quick delivery and product was great!! I would definately order from them again. My son and I have enjoyed this DVD over and over again!!!:-  
The best Western in years - even if it is from the East!. He Ping s Warriors of Heaven and Earth starts off in traditional Eastern epic fashion and with 
Fun for Everyone. This movie is pure fun. My whole family loved it. It s corny and the acting leaves you feeling like it s amatuer hour, but its fun 
The Inspector is in.... Great set that should satisfy any Pink Panther fan; one only wishes the highly entertaining Return of the Pink Panther would have been included in this 
A must-have for any Beatle fan. I became a Beatle fan thanks to my mother. She had told me for years how good the movie Help! was. Finally, she found 
THE BEGINING OF ONE OF THE MOST BEAUTIFULL CONTEMPORARY STORIES. Before the Beatles, Before Lennon-Mcartney there was Lennon-Stucliffe two working class boys from Liverpool that loved each other like brothers 
The Real Dogs of War. Released in late 1978 in the US yes, the 30th anniversary claim on the DVD cover is quite wrong , the Wild Geese still retains 
My favorite volume thus far. Volume 5 is by far my favorite volume of the My-Hime series!This volume explores not only the main characters, but the other Hime as well 
GET THIS. all im going to say is any ECW or raven fans should pick this bad boy u  
The Original Love Goddess!. In my opinion, Rita Hayworth is one of the most, if not THE MOST, glamorous woman to grace the silver screen. It is gratifying to see 
Only DVD from Greatest Living Guitar Player. Quality performance from greatest living guitar player finally captured on camera. A must for any serious rock fan. If you never heard or 
Good but has many flaws. I played the game for around 300 hours so the game is fun but......Bethesda game support is not responding to my questions.Right now I am 
I can sum this DVD up in two words... ... and those two words are SONNY PAYNE. To see the man in action is to experience a whole nuther level 
Light and witty. In lieu of the recent fury for the highly appraised movie Brokeback Mountain, I went and bought this movie. I have seen Get Real a few years 
What Ivy Wants, Ivy Gets. Drew Barrymore, Tom Skerritt, Cheryl Ladd, and Sara Gilbert star in this seductive thriller about infidelity and murder.Drew Barrymore stars as Ivy, a new girl 
so transexual dreaming. this film is completely of its time and comes with all the usual attributes of 1970 s film. however the content is challenging and can be very 
Awesome. Julia Roberts delivers my second favorite performance my first being Pretty Woman well worth the Oscar I love that scene where the guy asks her for her number? Saucy. 
Excelente. The story is magnificent. The children are adorable. The characters seem real  
AWESOME MOVIE & FEATURES. This had much more than I thought it would - fun, action romance relationship movie that has something for people of all ages. The additional features 
You MUST select the sound option for SURROUND. I was a little disappointed to start off with.The sound was not up to scratch. A little disappointing.However, after setting the Audio 
Moving, Colorful, and Unique. I Am Sam is a movie I now treasure and treat very dearly. Not only are the actors absolutely AMAZING, the script captured their desired personalities 
The Romance. Great old time classic. Don t bother watching the remake with Harrison Ford. This is all you need to see  
Finally!!!!!!!. This DVD allows me 20 min to get dinner ready, or do my makeup, or clean the kitchen. My daughter LOVES it. We have had to cut her down 
Aquamarine. Kid s movie, but I watched it twice with my grand daughter. The acting was quite good and the story was a fun journey with the mermaid and her 
Where s the complete season 2?. X-MEN: EVOLUTION truly is an excellent coming-of-age superhero series. The choices made regarding who would be reincarnated as teenagers and who would remain as 
great movie!. I love Patriot Games... this is the movie my brother and I always watch late at night together when the rest of the house is asleep.  
Was Okay. Should be last Big Momma movie. This one was okay, but not as funny as the first. I have always loved Martin Lawrence and am dying for Martin 
Best U-Boat movie ever, period. This is the most extensive, accurate & well done u-boat movie ever made. Jurgen Prochnow is fantastic as the submarine commander and Wolfgang Peterson has 
A must see. This is a must see movie for lovers of British comedy. This movie had me in stitches. In short, the plot of the movie is about a 
So Addictive - A Fantastic Set. I succumbed to the positive reviews of these 50-Movie Packs and just got Nightmare Worlds, Drive-In Classics, and this - Chilling Classics. Well, I 
Love It! Love It! Love It!. What a great video this one is. I have been searching for something fun about outer space and absolutely love this video. My two 
BANG BANG!!!. A hardcore legend in Mick Foley wrestling career is spotlighted here on this DVD. Foley will go down in history for being able to control the crowd, being 
RAVEN ROCKS!. I love Teen Titans. They have the coolest animation and plots. It s a definite must have to collect and enjoy  
JW s Hondo. John Wayne has again made a wonderful movie, now available on DVD.I have never seen a movie that he made that wasn t great.The price for this 
More than amazing fight choreography. This film is a martial arts film, but not a typical one. It does have stunning fight scenes the opening will leave you breathless , 
Exciting WWII spy adventure movie with great cast. After only being available on a brutal DVD release, Operation Crossbow has finally been released in a format that will please movie 
Great tool in helping your little one to read... If you re thinking of buying this DVD for your 4 or 5 year old DON T HESITATE!!! This video will 
School Daze. I currently attend Morehouse, know sisters at Spelman, am friendly with Clark students, and got mad love for Morris Brown. The issues in the film resonate today in 
one of the funniest movies. this movie is hilarious...this is adam sandler at his best...a true comedy classic  
Wonderful. Unlike many chinese movies that make their way to Western shores, Together has a realistic feel. The characters are all interesting and the entire atmosphere of the movie gives 
Not All Cell Phone Conversations Are Annoying. Sometimes I watch a movie and it turns out to be far more entertaining than I thought it would be. Such is the 
A great box set. What a great set this is. Warner Brothers did it right this time. Not only do they release six classics and offer them at a substantial 
Amazing DVD. This is a definite must for any Co&Ca fan. The concert is absoltly amazing and the music videos the first three singles from Good Apollo are fantastic and 
Great Movie. This movie is awesome. This is the second movie with cooler. It starts out with a big silver planet called the big getti star trying to what looks 
Great Buy for Great Movies. I purchased this last week and got a great deal. The movies are great. I got every movie advertised including One Flew Over The Cuckoo 
WOW!. They sound amazing after all these years!I was pleasantly surprised to see and hear such great songs on this DVD!They sound and look even better than they did back 
Totally Gripping--can t wait for the 6th season. This season was totally gripping; I was glued to my seat especially for the final two episodes where Nick is kidnapped. What 
This movie should win Oscar Prize. This is such an excellent movie that I recommend every American should watch it Another one is To End All Wars . I can 
Fantastic! Temptations Fans Must Have!. If you are a Classic Temptations fan, you will love this DVD. It shows the guys from the beginning through the end of the Ruffin 
A Tasty Dish, but more of just a side dish. WOMAN ON TOP is one of those films that was made, publicized and viewed as pastiche and because of its 
one of my favorites. I don t expect anything more of a movie than to enjoy it and be entertained. I don t seek to psychoanalyze or offer up in-depth 
CAESAR KNOWS WHAT HE IS DOING...... DOGS ARE ANIMALS, THEY DON T THINK AND BEHAVE LIKE HUMANS. CESAR DOES NOT INCORPORATE PAIN OR SUFFERING TO DOGS. FORCE IS ESSENTIAL TO 
Definitely Not the 6th Sense... Thank Goodness!The Eye2 like its predecessor, is another great movie by the Pang Brothers. The movie s storyline and visuals are exceptional and are continuation 
Jason!. Wow. He still holds the record for my favorite actor! This is a MUST SEE!!! If you liked this movie, you will LOVE Crank!  
dark comedy rules in classic tragedy. A witty modernization of the classic tale of Macbeth, whose character flaw of ambition is strikingly contemporary. Great acting in this film from the 
Shipping excellent and great value. The item arrived about 2 weeks ahead of schedule and well worth it. The packaging was excellent and the price plus postage was well worth 
A great actor portraying a great man. George C. Scott is magnificent as George S. Patton!Although the movie has some inaccuracies- some of them showing Patton in a less than 
Good Short Workouts. The short workouts let you squeeze them in around baby s schedule, and still feel like you re getting a workout. They are not too difficult and 
La Soufriere makes it worth your while. Great Ecstasy: This is not the most visually poetic of the three documentaries La Soufriere is by far the most visually poetic but 
Merchant Ivory Masterpiece. I never tire of this film. The acting,the marvelous filming locations, the costumes.... perfection. I can t watch it without wanting to have a cup of tea 
Insanely outlandish black comedy. Barton Fink a quirky film with a bizarre storyline conjured up by the talented and creative Coen brothers, Joel and Ethan, is buttressed by a multitude 
A charming, witty classic!. What a fun movie! The prototypical road flick , this just isn t to be missed. The script is clever, the leads have wonderful synergy and 
Get over it, this collection is great!. I wasn t going to write a review until I started to read the reviews already posted. I can t believe how many 
Nuremberg. This Nuremberg DVD is a factual account of what happened. Most people do not realize that there was more than one Nuremberg trial. There were two movies made about 
Cheaper By the Dozen. After viewing the two latest remakes of this movie, we thought it would be fun to watch the original. What a treat! The characters and their 
Old favorite. Like an old but favourite blanket, we had this on VHS, and bought it to add to our children s library of DVDs, so they can view the 
Everything you expect and more. Most of us have already seen the show on TV, that s probably what s brought you here. Of course the box includes all 10 
She s a witch? You just never learned to spell!. One of my favorite all time comedies. Better than the stage play. Jimmy Stewart is perfect as the publisher who 
not that shocking. To be honest, I really don t see why people say this is that shocking. Perhaps I m a little desensitized, but the attack is shown from 
My Review. i thought this movie was good. I think it should have had more of Bobby and Fabio fernandez in it but hey they did good in the whole 
Cursing!!. I gave this DVD one star for the cursing! I was shocked to see that the book has a good amount of cursing which explained the cursing in the 
 I am the bleepin king of Dirk! . Given that pornography is a multi-jillion-dollar-a-year business, it s sort of surprising that it hasn t received the cinematic treatment more 
Loving These Favorites Releases. Nick Jr. Favorites 4 is the fourth in this continuing series and features six Nick Jr. programs. It s another great selection overall, dampened only by 
Good introduction. I practised Yoga for a few months before buying this DVD. I like it because all 12 postures are very well presented. My 4-year daugther likes it even 
Miss Jean Brodie Was Never in Her Prime . This is a superb film regarding a narcissistic woman who damages the lives of the teenage girls entrusted to her care. 
there s just something about it. Yes, it s drivel. Great art it ain t. But it s got a couple of interesting plot twists, a generous dollop of humor 
More Than Just a Comedy Series. If you re a T.V. Seinfeld fan you will absolutely love the DVD s. The scenes that are cut to insert commercials by syndicators 
 Baseball s My Racket and I m Stickin To It . I ve been lonely and hungry for something practically all my life. Long John WilloughbyThis Frank Capra film, 
Excellent British Commedy. This can crack you up! It is very original and is presented in a very pleasant way. Me and my girlfriend watch an episode every evening... otherwise 
Pure Stoke. I own a lot of surf DVD s, long board,short board,mix of both.What makes Singlefin special from the others is that it really is a surf movie with 
Classic. There are so many new pilates plus blends of fitness DVDs available now. I sometimes get caught up in the hunger to get the latest but I always go 
Heart-wrenching. I understand why people prefer videos like Live at the Sunset Strip, but what those people fail to see is that this is one of the rawest, most heart-wrenching 
Sometime you gotta laugh before you cry. I just watched Mommie Dearest for the first time tonight. As most critics and fans of Mommie Dearest acknowledge, the film portrays such 
The Fly Is interesting. The Fly is interesting because the movie follows the storyline, but also has some changes. For example, the scientist s name is Seth Brundle, when in 
The human side of a genius. The society tends to think of artists as selfish, solitary and detached from reality. Goya in Bordeaux shows the surprisingly human and sympathetic side 
A remarkable document by a spectacular group of musicians. The Branford Marsalis Quartet is arguably the finest working ensemble in the world of jazz. This DVD is entertaining and celebrates 
Laugh til you cry. I have loved SCRUBS and am so glad that I ve purchased all 4 seasons on DVD. If ever I m feeling down, I can watch 
Bravo,Modigliani!!. Very nice movie, with excellent features, if u like arts you will adore this movie , everything is special , sound, light, music,actors..it is really excellent it makes u 
I LL SEE YOU IN HELL, EDNA!!!. Some friends and I rented this movie because it looked like trashy fun, and it is. If you like cheap movies that make 
Blue Gender - The Complete Collection -Two Thumbs Up!. This is the ultimate collection for any Blue Gender Fan. It has the entire show in 8 fantastic DVD full of 
Baseball fans. of all ages will enjoy this movie. I purchased it for my 8 y.o. grandson and he was delighted  
A very nice french film. This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film. Port of Shadows known in France as Le quai des brumes is an 
So bad it s good. If you are a fifteen year old girl at heart or just a big dork you will enjoy this movie. Marcy Rylan steals the show 
Classic early Monty Python. It seems as though the Python troupe was still feeling their way in some of these early shows. Though the good stuff is really, really funny, 
An intelligent, moving epic. Today bigger often means louder and more stupid so it will be quite a surprise, particularly for younger viewers, to see an epic which this film 
SPACELOVER. Any STAR TREK fan will enjoy this series very much. Won t go into details right now about the series. Wanted to say something about the plastic containers that 
An excellent movie with an excellent plot. This movie has got to be one of my favorite movies by far because it s different. It s unique, it s just 
Rock The Casbah. This is the holy grail for Clash fans.PS-You can get the dvd on the Amazon UK site  
DBZ s most underrated feature!. Yes, I must admit Cooler s Revenge was better. But this movie was still excellent, even if you haven t seen CR. The story is 
Chris Botti s Live CD DVD. This is a great way to spend a quiet evening! Both the CD and watching the live performance were phenomenal. Chris is a very 
Not the same as the series. Just a note: this is a prequel to the popular television series that many of us are familiar with  
Abroad, Jeeves!. The dim, cheerful aristocrat and his impeccable manservant find that America is just as troublesome as England in the third season of Jeeves and Wooster. While the American 
Negative Space. This documentary is now a part of the art of Jandek, whether you like it or not. Whether you like Jandek or not. By continuing to make music 
Saving Grace is worth saving. This is a delightful film. A very funny British comedy. Craig Ferguson, who wrote the script and co-stars, is one very creative guy. If you 
THE DEATH AS ACME OF THE LIFE. The film exhibition as the act of dying can be lived with love and people that love each other enter, creating a protection 
Not a classic... but not to be forgotten. I have read numerous horrible reviews for this film. I agree with a lot of the points people make not an amazing 
Awesome!. A large cast of well known actors such as Cicely Tyson do an outstanding job in this movie. Tyler leaves you with that warm and fuzzy feeling  
A STORY OF HOPE AND POSSIBILITIES FOR US ALL!. This was one of the most inspiring documentaries about anyone that I have ever seen!WHAT IT IS:Real simple - We see 
Hilarious!. Martin Lawrence is one crazy man. Anything he is or will be in is worth watching  
Finally- a Documentary about White Collar Crime. This is an excellent portrayal of the Enron fiasco. It utilizes footage and sound bites, and interviews, it s absolutely amazing what happened! 
As the show really hit its stride. These episodes are from about 1961-62, as the show REALLY hit its stirde.This contains the Missouri Mish Mash epsiodes that contain the MOTHER 
Bonnie and Clyde. I ve been looking everywhere for this movie and finally thought of Amazon and there it was at a reasonable price. Very quick on the delivery and 
wonderful Crawford and Huston. the first time i saw the film was when i saw it in the sale in virgin mega stores.so i picked it up and put it 
Great Product & Fast Service. My product came to me fast and it was in great condition.  
Buy this wonderful DVD now!. I started watching Mr Show on HBO in it s 3rd season on HBO and loved it. I ran accross the DVD for seasons 1 
Andy Meets the Starlets. Love Finds Andy Hardy is the first film to feature Betsy Booth Judy Garland , a sweet girl from New York that instantly takes a liking 
What a girl wants dvd. My daughter had been wanting this movie for a while and we couldn t find it in any of the stores, she was very excited 
peter & paul-dvd. this is the best account of the ministry of paul, and the best performance of hopkins from all the many films i have seen of him. this 
great product. I got the DVD in a timely manner and the quality is great. Great service  
9 11 The fimmakes. If you lived through 9 11 you would want this DVD.If you have ever saved a Front Page for any event, you would want this DVD.If 
Odds are we won t leave this island alive. It would be nearly impossible to trump the first Jurassic Park film. People were blown away by that movie. The technology 
The Greatest World Series of All Time. All you people who said that the D backs were lucky for winning the 2001 World Series, your wrong! The 2001 team was 
assassins. This movie made Chow Yun Fat a star in America. Was supose to kill a cop cause cop kill a chinese man s son but only in defense. Two 
LOVE IT. this movie is now one of my favorites. the plot may be simple, but the dancing is dope and columbus short is the finest man on earth. i 
Exactly what I needed. Before I found this video, all of the videos I had seen on knitting fell into two categories.1 10 minutes of content and 90 minutes of 
Fun Ensemble Flick!. This arty quirky film about a New Years Eve gone wrong in the mid- 80s is one of my favorites. Was the first time I saw Kate 
Yeah!!!. This film basically turned me on to Harrison Ford.. he s dynamite in it... I feel the Hitchcockesque elements in the film... and the thing I love about it 
I need an icepick. Do you know why sex is always the downfall of men? Because even when their lives are in danger, they still have to pull out their 
Great Movie, Good DVD. Being a masterpiece of the 90s, Reservoir Dogs is a movie I never get tired of seeing. It has everything that makes for a great guy 
Love in a nutshell. May contain spoliers This movie captures the feeling of love and the internal obsessions that go with it. And the heartbreak and longing that tear you 
Disturbing, Controvercial Yet Fascinating. Lolita is one of many films based on a famous book, In this case the Russian author Vladimir Nabokov masterwork and controvercial story of a middle 
Highly recommend. A rich and fascinating story -- well done. Avoided pitfalls so many Picasso writers and movie makers don t -- not gossipy but rich with information  
FUNNIEST STANDUP I VE EVER SEEN!!!. THIS IS BYFAR THE FUNNIEST STANDUP MOVIE I VE SEEN-IF YOU GREW UP IN A TRADITIONAL MEXICAN AMERICAN FAMILY IN THE U.S. YOU LL 
Fun and nostalgic... This is a really great DVD. The films on here, for the most part, are a lot of fun to watch. My one gripe about it is 
Someday ... ... this film will be rediscovered and pronounced a classic! Mark my words and those of some of the other reviewers here. If ever there was a film 
Nu Yawk s Koolest. Back in prehistoric times, John Shaft was the role model if you was a nice guy, Priest from Superfly was the man if you was dreaming 
Very Helpful. I purchased this movie for my teenager son, hoping he could see the harsh reality of what could happen to him following the wrong crowd. This movie showed 
Sad but a Phenomenal Portrayal. Mr. Coffey s spiritual intercessions enhanced by special effects rivet the flesh with goose bumps. The divine intervention scenes could persuade the hardest atheist. Hanks, 
Great Story And Music Combine In A Terrific Christmas Movie. As a rule I dont tend to warm to remakes of classic films however the Penny Marshall directed Christmas story 
For the super-fan... This has probably been addressed, but I can t bring myself to read all those comments...There is a region 3 DVD release of this film that is 
Excellent and Informative!. I just loved it, as this film gives you so much more insight about yoga and where it comes from. Those practising yoga should def. watch ORIGINS 
 DICK CLARK IS THE ANTICHRIST . O.K....let me start off by saying I m not really that much into religion. But, I honestly believe that BILL HICKS was an 
The clash of two cultures!. Kaufman s adaptation of Michael Crichton s Japan-bashing potboiler is a realtively light approach, a simple buddy-cop movie featuring a pair of entertaining star performances. 
The negative reviews here ARE helpful and accurate. Yes, this is one of my favorite films. But people here seem to be voting the negative reviews as not being helpful 
Portrait of an Artist as a Young Brazilian. We all see different films, even when we see the same film. City of God is especially like that, with it s 
not so secret indulgence. ah Brigitte you were once my idol. Seeing you again after 40 some years, just as fresh, just as fabulous in both senses as you ever 
Belizaire the Cajun. The movie had a great cast and was well-written. I would definitely recommend it to others  
Funny movie!. Snowball Express had me laughing all the way through. Great family movie. Dean Jones is great. So is Harry Morgan.  
Hysteria at Wisteria, part two. Rumour had it that the second season was weaker than the first. Don t believe the hype : there s more dark secrets, reversals of 
Supersized sickness. Spurlock decided to undertake an interesting experiment with his own health; eat nothing but McDonald s fast food for 30 days. The result; his health gets ruined.While Spurlock 
Brings back good memories. The parka packs should appeal to those interested in novelty packaging, but the third series is in a very standard box. Disappointed to find that packages 
THE GREATNESS OF BATMAN CONTINUES. I will go ahead and try to break down each disc s REALLY memorable moments. Every episode certainly has something you remember, say a great 
CAESAR KNOWS WHAT HE IS DOING...... DOGS ARE ANIMALS, THEY DON T THINK AND BEHAVE LIKE HUMANS. CESAR DOES NOT INCORPORATE PAIN OR SUFFERING TO DOGS. FORCE IS ESSENTIAL TO 
A Must Have!. My 6 year old daughter has read all of the Samantha adventures, and was excited to get this movie as a gift. It is a nice story 
Friends DVD all 10 seasons. The DVD s are terrific as expected. I had never watched Friends in its primetime so I love having the entire set to watch in 
Review for 3 Disc Extended Edition. The biggest problem most people had with King Kong was its length, so there s no surprise that reaction by the general public to 
Finally. I really missed this show when they took it off the air. I just wish it had deleted scenes and outtakes  
Great Documentary!. For anyone who is interested in learning more about the space program you can t go wrong with this 2 DVD set. There are 4 programs on this 
Very scholarly. Tony Robinson, better known from the Brit-com Black Adder sic , develops a surprisingly scholarly DVD. Even Terry Jones of Monty Python fame recently co-authored a very important 
very cool movie. This movie , as old as it is still has the story behind it to give you the sense of drama, and action it was intended. If 
Actors Shine. This movie combines two things I love in a film:The actors are able to enjoy and showcase their talents. This is animprov lover s dream.ANDIt makes fun of 
A good dirty south hip hop film!. It stands neck to neck with 8 mile  
Cosi Fan Tutti... Seeing Other People is a hilarious cautionary fable about what happens when we take important stuff for granted, like love and commitment. Wally Wolodarsky, the co-writer and 
fUNNY AS HELL. I PUT OFF SEEING THIS MOVIE FOR SO LONG. I KEPT THINKING THIS IS STUPID I DON T WANT TO SEE THIS. I KEPT HEARING HOW FUNNY 
A Midnight Express for girls!!!. Two girls get caught in Thailand for a crime that they didn t commited and they must survive the strict laws of the country while 
The Basketball Diaries: Inspiring in a way. Leornardo Di Caprio plays Jim Carrol in this movie. He s young,famous and a great basktellball player. Between things, he writes a book 
The Little Ways They Tried Together Made History. This DVD is a valuable piece of Broadway history, as it documents the process involved in recording one of the landmark cast 
After The Red Shoes. Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger s The Tales of Hoffmann 1951 has long suffered by comparison with their lush, ostensibly realistic masterpiece, The Red Shoes 1948 
Amazing DVD!!. As a longtime Penn & Teller fan, I ve become used to, and even look forward to, their snide and sarcastic humor but this show is SO much 
It was all good. I purchased a drum set for my 15 yr old daughter. Both she and my 13 yr old son set up the portable dvd player and 
Oscar winning documentary will change your life. This incredible two-disc set of the Oscar-winning Best Boy and its sequel, Best Man , is already out in stores so I m 
Excellent Series, Well-Done DVD Set. Others have done a good job of reviewing the show concept --- so I ll just recap briefly. Based in part on the life experiences 
Staggeringly great transfer and sound mix on the 2006 DVD. Wow! This beautiful transfer more than makes up for the cruddy 1999 release, which sported flat sound and more grain 
Profoundly disturbing... One of the most truly despairing documentaries ever filmed, this film chronicles the cruel exploitation and empty lives of Eastern European teenage hustlers. The boys are allowed to 
The all time best movie. This all time best Francis Ford Coppola s movie has simply dazzled all its viewers and won their admiration. From Iraq s unseated dictator Saddam 
lovely. People have been recommending that I see this movie for years, but somehow I didn t get around to it until this week. What a lovely film. I enjoyed 
Revenge from Beyond the Grave. Thirty years ago, geeky Robert Hyde Graham Wardle cames to a bad end when he is bashed by five members of Delta Phi Psi fraternity.Moving 
The forerunner, almost a first draft, of Munich . My understanding is that Spielberg based the more recent film Munich on the same book that this HBO film from 20 
Hey you smartguy girl or whatever you are, read this!. This is a collection of some of the best Kids in the Hall sketches, complete with the naughty words that 
 LAND OF THE PHARAOHS A LONG OVERDUE CLASSIC FOR WIDESCREEN RESTORATION . Am sure that we all are glad that finally TIME WARNER decided to release this Movie on 
Like Oh My God! This movie is totally Bitchin !. The Popular `80s teen film Valley Girl based on Frank Zappa s Novelty Song of the same title, popularized the 
One of my favorites, but wheres the info?. This is one of my all time favorite tv shows. Although same in concept and scope than Bewitched, this shows superior cast 
The best Shakespeare. Well done, moving.The music, the acting, the classic performances from Romeo and Juliet.Loved i  
A good laugh for all ages!. We saw this movie at the theater and absolutely loved it! Tim Allen is so funny in this movie! I have not seen the 
Decent sequel. As sequels go, this one was entertaining. Not a terribly sophisticated plot, but enough to keep me interested and watching on a Saturday afternoon  
Fantastic!. Great Product, fast shipping. The soap opera? Love it! I saw it on TV and I loved it.  
Good movie, however, we have the positives and the negatives. Plot: A mafia lawyer commits suicide. But before he does, he forces 11-year old Mark Sway Who lives with his 
Average Production Quality but Good Source Material. I just saw Iraq for Sale in the theater. It s the only movie I ve heard of that focuses on the reconstruction 
WHEN ARE WE GOING TO GET A REMASTERED CUT??. I give this movie 5 stars. Outstanding story, outstanding performances from the entire cast, an unforgettable climax..everything working together as only 
Great reference book, even if you know nothing about money. Suze Orman walks you through complicated money matters as if she is teaching you something very simple. She uses her 
Great Family favorite. I loved this movie when I was kid and now I have bought it for my kids. This teaches of sacrifice and working together to make things 
another ethnic cleansing film .......so we do not forget......very moving. jewish soles trying to avoid the devil s brigade hitler s killing machine .... sad, but oh so funny and 
Can t You Hear The Wind Howl? A Vision of Robert Johnson. I would reccomend this film to any Robert Johnson fan as well as to anyone just getting into 
Darkly Hilarious. This film was included in a box set I bought that features 50 years of Janus Films. Most of the films I had never heard of since most 
one of the best Criterion DVD sets I own. I ve owned the original Criterion version of Seven Samurai. It was nice owning this fantastic movie, especially since it had 
The Longest Yard. I love the original, and I ve heard good things about this one. I saw enough to learn the subtitles are unreadably Chinglish, and that I won 
A Good Film About Bad Films. This movie should be sold in that mail order catalogue: Things You Never Knew Existed. Where the heck did they find all these wacko 
superb. Very good movie. Great acting & plot. Very touching. I am very glad I own this movie. I will watch it very often  
Extraordinary Concert in a Beautiful Setting. Whenever I need to feel rejeuvenated, this is the disc I reach for.Muscially, I think it s the best performance -- live or otherwise 
Exploitation Movie. One reason Wild Things works so well is that director John McNaughton sustains a darkly comic tone throughout the film without letting it degenerate into farce.He also drenches 
One that YOU can watch over and over again!. OK, call me selfish, but when looking for a DVD for my son to watch, I am hoping to find something 
Impressive. I have to say that Saturday night when my wife and I decided to play couch potato I wasn t expecting to get anything out of the movie she 
As good as season 1 if not better!. Was absolutely hooked to the show; watched all episodes in season 2 within 2 days. Definitely worth having the DVD  
Better than Fever2002. I bought this DVD on sale. It was such a bargain!!! I paid full price for the Fever2002 Tour DVD. I actually liked this concert better because 
The power of sound. This is the first movie I ve been to where at the end I wanted to stand and applaud. I think the sound of the choir 
Beloved wartime story. This excellent and faithful rendition of Boris Vassilyev s A zori zdes tikhie... is finally available on Amazon! The novella and film are beloved in Russia and 
Effective & challenging strength training workout!! The best!!. I ve become a huge fan of Cathe s since ordering the Gym Style workouts. Besides Chest & Tri, there are two 
Excelent Value pack!!. Un pack excelente por el precio que tiene, las 3 peliculas vienen sin extras, sin embargo el disco de The Silence of the Lambs es el primer 
Shakespeare on film doesn t get much better. I always have a soft spot in my heart for film adaptations of Shakespeare. They are always labors of love, often cribbed 
Denise Austin s Fit Kids. I really enjoy this DVD as much as my kids do. It gives them the execise they need without overdoing it. I am so greatful 
The Italian Villa worth it!!!. this was an amazing purchase well worth it in every way!!  
AMONG HOLLYWOOD S BEST SUBMARINE DUELS & ONE OF MY FAVORITE WAR FILMS. IN A NUTSHELL: FOCUSED ACTION DRAMA HIGHLIGHTS THE HUMAN SPIRITIn this action war picture set in the 
Ill fated torrid love affair. Drifter Frank Chambers played by John Garfield is hired to work at a California roadside diner by owner Nick Smith played by a plain looking 
Shed a Tear for Kindness. The initial episode, Chat!Chat!Chat, is another attempt to put some closure on the Laughing Man mystery. This time we are invited to a net discussion 
Immensely entertaining JAWS ripoff horror trash. As with every boxoffice success, Jaws spawned a cycle of ripoffs. For a while it seemed that every tough-guy animal actor who owned a 
Finally, a DVD of Olympia. My husband and I were enthralled with this movie when we first saw it on PBS back in the early 1970s. The movie is a 
great. This is a gift for my nephew. He loves it, and plays it often  
Multilayered existential horror. This is a horror film that has stuck in my mind for several years. I find I prefer horror films that use the evil as a metaphor 
Just get it!. If you are into Led Zeppelin or not, just buy this. It gives you TONS of vintage concert footage that show exactly how the band played and 
Great horror classics preserved in hard digital media. Although I had about half of these movies from collections I bought from DVD bargain bins, the price was very reasonable to 
Another jeweled film of Luchino Visconti!. If the Neo Realism was born with a forgotten film of 1934 named Tony directed by Jean Renoir, you can read frequently that Roberto 
Exceptionally insightful. This DVD series is excellent in terms of framing the existence of myth in the human experience, since the inception of recorded human stories, and how that directly 
A fun, fast-paced and slightly risque comedy. Fred Astaire meets the draft in this pre-war comedy, featuring Rita Hayworth as a chorine who capures his heart, although she naturally already 
Great Documentary. I saw this about 3 years ago when it was playing in a very limited release in NY city, this documentary was unbelievable, extremely moving and the best 
 Sometimes truth defies reason. . The Meiks brothers had a troubled childhood. Very troubled. Their mother had died after Adam was born, leaving his older brother Fenton to take 
fallen. absolutely brilliant viewing on the edge of my seat from start to finish, the twist at the end left you wanting for more, absolute for denzil washington fans he 
A caustic tragedy!. Buchner was possibly a premature flame that vanished too soon. His irreparable loss meant a sensible enigma in the German Literature. He died at 23 but his 
Dual is the best. Dual is the best. I loved it I suggest buying or renting this just to watch it. I gave this a 5 out of 5 because 
Facing the unknown is not easy. The thing about this video is that its based on true accounts - it s not meant to be some truely entertaining, glitzy sci-fi. 
Que, QUE!? Que es esto!?. junto con un WTF! fue lo que dije cuando abri el paquete con los dvd s.. su estuche en particular se parece mucho a una 
Good Film and Soundtrack!! Moore at his best. The sound track to this movie is awesome! No body does it better! I have to say that this was one of 
The first half great, second half... I saw this movie after seeing Daniel Radcliffe in all 4 Harry Potter movies and I must confess that his acting touched me more 
Genuinely Entertaining...Which is Rare. Four Brothers is successful as an action film because it accepts its role as an action film. Too many `entertainment movies lately are trying to be 
Very cute and educational!. We love this one! It s adorable and educational the names of the body parts are shown and said in Spanish and French as well as 
Hilarious. This movie has some very funny parts and characters. There are also some great song and dance numbers. Of course to talent of Astaire and Rogers cannot be contested, 
Required viewing!. Every dog owner should view Cesar s videos. Anyone who has a dog they feel cannot be controlled will find new hope with Cesar s methods. Wonderful and 
The White Stripes Live. Las Rayas Blancas. . Before I stopped into the store and picked this album up, I had pretty bunch stopped buying music for six months and 
Hilarious Comedy. This is a stunning comedy starring Jim Carrey who plays a lawyer, who is incapable of telling the truth or keeping his promises is this really a surprise!!! 
Disney at it s best. Over 40 s - turn durn the colour and watch the first episode in black and white to be transported back to an idyllic childhood 
Best movie ever. I thought this movie was great! I m 9 years old and my Dad is typing this for me. I felt this movie wasn t scary or 
Hitchcock s fine irony!. The clinical eye of this hyper gifted director resided in his avidness for avoiding to remain petrified under the simple label of Suspense Master. He loved 
One of the greatest films from Jamaica. The first time I saw Smile Orange I was 10 years old I m 30 now , my mother and I brought it 
Great extras. I purchased this on VHS two years ago and am a huge fan of the performance. I was thrilled to hear it was being released on DVD and 
new sound. uh, i believe this HAS the restored musical sound track, in spite of what one reviewer says  
Roger Avary Proves Himself to Be Worthy. I was drawn to see this because Roger Avary was the man who came up with the idea for The Gold Watch segment 
Worth the Purchase. I m a traditionalist and a purist so I liked the original better. But this movie is worth the purchase and the viewing time. I expected a 
Lisa. This DVD set is GREAT!!! The WORST disc is as good as the BEST disc. I really liked the American Idol 4 tour interviews, and the back home footage 
An epic entertainment!. Heston essays one of his best roles as Charles Chinese Gordon, the patriot who thrives on challenge... Gordon becomes a national hero for his exploits in China 
The original rebel. Marlon Brando in one of his many signature role plays the brooding, rebellious Johnny Strabler, leader of the motorcycle gang The Black Rebels in the cult classic, 
Not too shabby!. To be honest, I think I found this by looking at listmania lists when I was searching for other anime titles. I had never heard of it, 
One of the best dvds i have. I m sure you have already heard about this movie and whether or not you would enjoy it is up to you. But 
Tom Wilkinson is very funny!!!. If you like Tom Wilkinson s versatility, this is the one to watch. He plays a conniving, self righteous, social climber with two spoiled social 
The best sequel of all time. it s hard to beat this movie.. controversially better than the original! Loved this movie growing up! The extreme edition is nice. All a 
Long live the new -- and restored -- flesh!. Being an avid David Cronenberg movie fan, I ve come to appreciate the suttle details in his motion pictures that contribute 
Monk revisited. If you are Monk fan, you will LOVE this DVD. It s always good to have these DVDs to watch in between the season hiatus. Too bad mine 
There s no room for cheaters with Minna!. Minna is the best workout video I ve bought in a long time. She s awesome to cue you and she s 
Kickboxer Goes On Without Van Damme For The Better. Kickboxer 2 The Road Back Deals With David Sloan. The brother of Kurt &amp; Eric Sloan David is running his brothers 
 Only problem you ve got Sheriff is a short supply of guts. . By the late 1960s Academy Award winner Clint Eastwood Pale Rider, Unforgiven had certainly established himself 
wonderful. One of the best movies of three great artists,Jeanette Macdonald,Clark Gabel and Spencer Tracy,unforgetable scenes and music.  
Good clean comedy. I am not an old fuddy duddy I am only 28 but movies like The Thin Man make me yearn for the days of good clean humor. 
Masterful Film. This is an incredibly a well crafted film not to mention the incredibly compelling story  
DVD player Issues. For those with playback issues - try another player before you condem the discs. Toshiba s and inexpensive base model units seem especially sensitive to dust and 
Fantastic Series. First time i saw this show was in 1983,and they showed it late at night.I was amazed at this series,which seemed to realy make you think.....what if?You watch 
 With A Smile And A Song ~ The Birth Of An American Dynasty. To truly appreciate this film one should remember that `Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs was 
Great Campy Horror Film! Great Fun!. I recommend this film if you like campy horror films and or if you like the director Ken Russell. This film features the debut 
What happened to this edition?. What happened to the Backbeat Special Edition? Did it ever come out? I had preordered it from Amazon but it never shipped -- it went 
LOVED EVERY MINUTE. Season one of Nelwlyweds is hilarious....you will enjoy watching Nick & Jessica and all the funny moments that took place the first year of their marriage! The 
As wringy as a bar and twiste as strong!!!. Major, Major Norton! Where s thatDavy Crockett DVD I told you to find?Listen up causeGeneral Jackson wants you to goacross the 
Classic movie. I purchased this DVD as a gift, so it would be hard for me to say. However I have not received any complaints. I would purchase this movie 
Awsome!!. This movie is very cool. I rented it and now I went out and bought it. It s an amazing movie, the story is interesting, but the fighting scenes 
GREAT SERIES OF MOVES!. Loved it all! Someone stole borrowed my copy and never returned it. so, I had to replace it because I could watch the series over and 
Sense of Closer. I can watch this movie over and over again I feel that this movie helps you get some understanding with the afterlife that, you are not alone. 
A little cheesy, but an all time classic. Considering that this movie came out in 1951, the special effects aren t too bad. The acting is alright, and anyone that 
Second Chance at Life and Love. I admit it. I love a sappy movie, the more Kleenex s the better. I was not disappointed with this one. This is the 
Tom Hanks was ripped off!. He should have won three Oscars in a row! This is better than Forrest Gump & Philadelphia, it has absolutely everything going for it. Cast, 
Bette & Bogey crime melodrama. Bette Davis and Humphrey Bogart were good but both were guilty of overacting at times in the Lloyd Bacon directed gangster flick Marked Woman . 
Pleasant Lubitsch-like comedy with a Preston Sturges script. This is an enjoyable minor comedy. Set in Hungary and based on a Molnar play, it is somewhat reminiscent of Lubitsch s 
Whereever you go, there you are. House of sand or Casa de Areia is a broad sweeping movie that feels longer than it s 2 hour run time, but not 
Smart and well organized!. This is a great DVD. It is better than any book or beauty magazine! The artist is definitely skilled and quite creative with his designs and 
happy holidays!. My stepson had all 3 memorized and was quoting along within 3 days! He and my husband watched them probably 25 times during that time and laughed and 
Just a mass of dots, but somehow they re all connected, and it s beautiful. Let me begin by saying that I highly dislike a mixture of religion and sex 
A must see. Reba Season 3 is a must see comedy. It is the best season of Reba yet. If you like to laugh this is for you  
Soothing Yoga for a Hectic World. ..... For me the wonderful thing about Sarah Tomlinsons Ancient Ayurveda Yoga Series is that here is a yoga sequence that challenges us to 
Great Voodoo Zombie film. In The Serpent and the Rainbow Wes Craven once again shows us that he knows how to make horror really scary; all the horror and gore 
Scarry. Another view of gang life and it s effect on human relations, both in and out of prison. Even tho the violence is toned down from reality, it reflects 
No Doubt About This!. Shadow of a Doubt proved beyond any doubt what a great filmmaker Hitchcock was. This was released in 1943 after Rebecca and Suspicion, and he confirmed 
If you haven t seen this one by now... I highly recommend it.Of course, I d first seen this film about 35 years ago. I was too young to appreciate 
One of the funniest movies EVER!. If you have ever been involved in any sort of community or college theater, you have GOT to see this film. There is great 
Alaskan Rescue. This is just entertainment, but I find it interesting some of the points made by the critics. It is true that typically you wouldn t find a polar 
Bow down to Michael Myers! Obey!. When I saw this movie, I thought I was gonna turd in my pants! It is one of the best horror films I ve 
Not Avery s Best. Oscar winner Roger Avary the creator of The Gold Watch segment from Pulp Fiction directed this adaptation of a novel by Bret Easton Ellis and like 
Move Over Happy. We still love you, Adam Sandler, but this is the funniest golf movie since Caddyshack  
Really working!. I heard about this from a friend who said it was working for her son and she was right. My daughter 2 yrs 3 mths loves to watch 
Great documentary. A great documentary hosted by an over effusive Gloria Gaynor and featuring tons of interviews with some of the disco stalwarts Tom Moulton, Alicia Bridges, Thelma Houston, Giorgio 
Don t mis-judge Mike Judge. I know a lot of you who have never seen Beavis and Butthead probably think very little of the show based on the low-brow nature 
Jandek on Corwood. You get to see this invisible man emerge by way of the very few people who have glimpsed, seen, or spoken to him. Somewhere in the history 
Til the end, one of the most realistic horror movies I ve seen. First, let me say I love horror movies from the 80 s. Next, let me say that 
The freshest season of the greatest crime drama in TV history. There has never been {and probably} never will be a crime drama like Homicide: Life on the Streets. It 
A GOOD AND ENTERTAINING FILM!. This is a pretty decent suspense-thriller. Colin Farrell portrays a man whose life has just been turned upside down by a hidden sniper. While making 
Pure Country. Love this movie. The transaction went smoothly and the service was so fast. Thanks again  
a quick look on the american musical!. i wish there were more dance scenes especially on the latest musicals, but it s a good documentary all the way  
Jackass Box Set. My boyfriend has watched every episode on MTV and loved it. So I bought him this as a gift and he couldn t believe it. He loves 
A movie everyone will love. I have watched this so many times, I can t even begin to count. It is so incredible. I bought it as a Christmas gift 
An amazing love story. Notting hill. Cant find words to describe the movie. Simply amazing, fantastic, awesome.Notting Hill is a film about a simpleton who lives in Notting Hill a 
You must see this movie-Deneuve beckons!. They re reshowing this downtown in the West Village, Manhattan, as I write this review.Luckily for us, we can see C. Deneuve in all 
Laugh till Your Sides Hurt With Allo Allo. The Allo Allo crew have done it again with the release of Series 5. Quick and funny dialogue, hilarious scenarios, and side 
One Sassy Sasquatch!... Okay, yes, the creature does resemble a titanic hillbilly. However, he s just big and vicious enough to make up for it! I mean, he bites a 
Brilliace. 3 priests - one disiilusioned but with a quick wit , an old drunk, and a dim-wit - all combine to make one of the funniest comedy shows for 
I am not sure what type of comedy this is but its Great. I always remembered this show for a few different reasons. Maybe because of how freaking stupid this 
A Time to Think. Grisham once said he wrote his other books, e.g., The Firm, et al., so he could afford to write important books, like this one, upon which 
Classic Western Movie with an outstanding actor. This John Wayne Western movie is great.I intend to make it a part of my DVD libraryincluding other Western classics.  
Real workout like being in a gym, no fake editing, etc. BunnyInVa from September 2, 2006 wrote a great descriptive review giving you a general description of the moves & 
Excellent and Funny. This is a classic movie and must have for anyone who has ever worked in an office of any kind. You definitely will recognize some of your 
A most underrated animated treasure!. Somewhere underground of a planet where a race of humans are enslaved to dig for a evil baron named Zygon , a slave named Orin 
Very Powerful. Roger Ebert called this film one of the most powerful movies he d ever seen. And yeah, I guess it is. This movie, directed by The Hughes Brothers 
Get the DVD ! ! !. First of all, if you haven t seen The Mack yet and don t own a million copies videos, taped off cable whatever either 
visconti s debut. ossessione is perhaps viscont s most important film.. it ushered in a new era of cinema.. it was the first of the neorealist films.. besides that, it 
A is for Allegory, I for Intimidating. Unfortunately many people s approach to this film is wrecked by: 1 its genesis between dueling directorial giants Kubrick and Speilberg; 2 its 
TV doesn t get much better than this... Again, I was amazed that the writers could improve upon season 1 and 2. While so many other shows feature repetitive story 
The final battle between the X-men. In X-Men III The Last Stand the government has found a cure for mutants, and are more than happy to help make them normal 
Common Themes. For those of you waiting to see Pan s Labyrinth, this film serves as an excellent introduction to Mexican director Guillermo del Toro. There are a number of 
 Didn t I promise to safeguard your morals or something? . Based on the Alan Hollinghurst novel, the BBC television series The Line Of Beauty unfolds through the eyes 
Capital punishment--such a powerful debate. Thou shall not kill or An eye for an eye . A great debate with no middle ground. This movie raises solid points for both 
Great Cardio for Small Spaces. This is a really good workout that will have you sweating bullets. If you re familiar with the 10 Minute Solution series, you know that 
One More To Go!. Every Martin and Lewis Diamond DVD is more than welcome to my collection!Keep them coming  
Very informative movie, anyone wanna be Canadian?. Michael Moore brings the usual very informative presentation this time the issue is gun control. Moore shows lots of statistics comparing the states 
In Morse s Footsteps. Lewis isn t Morse...but then no one is. Nonetheless, it s still worthwhile to see an older, more somber he s widowed now Lewis at work. 
Brilliant comedy!. SCTV Volume 2 offers some of the very best sketches from one of TV s funniest shows.I m not an expert on SCTV. I don t quite understand 
Great Movie. This movie has the best opening scene ever! It s amazing how great they made this movie considering the first one was only eh...Highly recommended  
I love this movie!. This movie is such a classic! I especially commend the acting talents of not only Robert DeNiro, but that young Judith Thomas! She was robbed of 
The Duke has never been more charming... This is an early effort of John Wayne s, but he holds his own in this light comedy. The supporting cast are, as 
Dreams Do Come True. I first became aware of the animated TV show, The Justice League when I came across some of the DVDs at my local library. I loved 
Good Mystery , if Not Great Noir. The Blue Gardenia opens with a plausible plotline: A nice, slightly nave, working girl Ann Baxter goes on a date with a sleazebag 
I love it... I am one of the few people I know who loves this movie. I think it is sweet, and weird, and funny. It does, however, require a 
A Terribly Underated Vampire Film... I first watched this film when I was younger, but since then I have loved this film and consider it definitely one of those films 
Art? Sure, why not. Deep? Hell no. I thought this movie was hysterical. I was prompted to rent it after reading so many reviews that raved about its high-brow eroticism. 
Clifford Odetts=Barton Fink. This is a great movie which has as its theme the subversion of purpose by the Hollywood grist-mill and the trouble of screen adaptation from the writer 
Luminescent Lombard. Made For Each Other , a 1939 melodrama from MGM, is pretty standard stuff but what rises it above the usual soapy fare are the two incredibly endearing 
spiritual AND interesting. Sometimes films like this leave me bored, but not this one. It has visual beauty, but what really gets you is how interesting it is. All the 
What is the price of commitment?. This beautiful film is very complex, with a few flaws, but overall a good exploration of the concept of commitment.Whereas the plot requires that 
 Hallelujah! ...on the DVD. This is a beautiful celebration of a beautiful man. If you missed the film in theatres and have even the slightest interest in seeing it 
 3.5 stars The Dark Sisters of the warewolf curse, was great, but should ve worked on the ending. This movie was very interesting, but why did the sister kill 
Good drama. I m originally from Taiwan, and I can say that this film captures genuinly the father-child and teacher-student relationship over there. There might be even times viewers from 
Fantastic dancing!. It was so much better than anything I could imagine. Absolutely loved the dancing and the costumes. Wish I could ve been there  
Of Bugs And Men... A terrible epidemic sweeps NYC, causing children to die slow, painful deaths. It is discovered that the disease is carried by the cities billions of cockroaches, 
 welcome capt. rogers a blast from the past. i spent every thursday night from 7:00 to 8:00 o clock watching the far out action of buck rogers and lusting 
Good DVD. This is a good but short concert. The strengh of the dvd lies in the complete colection of singles videos from the PCD, the interviews with each member 
Dudley Moore 10 . This has to be one of the best Dudley Moore films you will see.  
Don t analyze, just watch. Do not try to apply western thinking to Asian movies! They are not done with the same intent or even at times for the same 
The best television series by far. This series has it all - fantastic scripts, moral dilemmas, nail-biting and unpredictable episodes. This is television at its best  
we ought to have this in our history books!. I am absolutely proud that women have done so much to have earned the right to vote. All I remeber seeing 
 . . . a rolly-polly 60 s film . . . . In the Anthology series, Paul McCartney used this phrase to describe what the Beatles Paul, mostly were 
The Fly is a true 80 s classic and full of extras!. The movie is great. Jeff Goldblum is perfect in his performance, so is Gina Davis. The sound is 
Two If By Sea. I thought this movie was fantastic. The thief was cool and his girlfriend the cashier was fantastic but we would expect that from Sandra Bullock. The 
More than meets the eye. For those who have seen it and For those that do not understand the movie s theme and think that it falls short or doesn 
Zakk Wyldes Black Label Society - Boozed Broozed and Broken Boned. F king AWESOME. Zakk proves why he s the metal god once again. Its refreshing to see someone who 
You Haven t Seen This Movie Yet?. If you haven t, see it. It is worth your time. Tom Hanks gives an amazing performance and the movie consistently provides something 
lovely. Very pretty movie. Loved all the neat antiqes in the film. the visuals in this film are really great too. The story was also very nice. Another great film 
Great Old School Classic. For one thing the DVD quality is fantastic. It may not be as clean as the Celestial Pictures remastered versions of Shaw Brothers classics, but it 
This Film Depicts Child Abuse. I am surprised, but also not surprised, that the previous reviewers, and no doubt most people, would find that Mr. Lopez is a good teacher. 
A Great Western. This movie is very refreshing for anyone suffering from Western fatigue. It has all of the streotypical western elements except no Native Americans , but it uses 
Over-the-top. This movie is hilarious! I ve been a Ben Stiller fan ever since Meet the Parents, and his comedic range is impressive.The plot isn t necessarily original, but the 
LIQUID SKY. i stumbled across this movie years ago 1985 . i had signed up for Columbia House and bought it from the reviews it seemed pretty good. let me 
The Beat That My Heart Skipped. Aa fight for the lost dream or a better self. Deeply moving  
Hysterical. Hysterically funny guy, watch it over and over, then loan to your family and friends. Relatively clean, family humor. Loved it  
My Kids Love It. My 2 & 3 year old love this movie. They love to dance to the music.Garfield is so entertaining. This was a great buy.  
Great Series comes to an end. Well if you have got to Vol.7 you probably know about the story anyway. The music CD that comes with the deluxe version is 
Slimer. Ok this set is good if you are a slimer fan. Im not but I do love the show so im took one for the team and bought it 
Heart breaker. An older man falls head over heels for a young girl named October, which doesn t sit well at all with her father. Harland Ed Norton is a 
WAAAAAY BETTER THAN THE OTHER 2. I couldn t believe how funny this movie was. I LOVE IT! This time, Scary Movie 3 didn t have to rely on stong 
Vintage Volcano Footage. Wonderful archival footage of Mauna Loa and Kilauea eruptions from the 60 s and 70 s. A must for volcano enthusiasts  
Wonderful Fantasy-Adventure That Will Thrill Children And Adults. Jennifer Connelly Is Superb In An Early Role. This fantasy-adeventure film from 1986 is courtesy of four wonderful talents: Jennifer Connelley Once 
Youch!. Forget the hot chicks and their big knockers - check out the rat! Now, that s one sexy beast! Hilarious!!!!  
Very under-rated film. Enjoyable on many levels: as a coming of age story, as a portrait of a strange subculture both repo men, and LA punks of the early 80 
Great Acting, Great Script, Great...Everything. Sweet Smell of Success is a film from 1957, commonly called one of the greatest films ever made. It s pushing 50 years old, but 
Very funny parody of mafia movies............. The Freshman is a very funny movie. The central joke is that Marlon Brando plays a godfather type figure in lower Manhattan who for 
Last Excellent Drama. After Husbands and Wives, Allen made 3 pretty good comedies then seemed to lose interest in his own work. His movies in the last ten years have 
As has been mentioned, it s a SATIRE, people. It s actually not just a light-hearted silly comedy-- as my ex pointed out to me Did you ever notice how 
You got that right. Totally hilarious  
Suspenseful. This movie starts a little slow, but builds quickly into a suspenseful thriller. Bridges does an excellent job playing a psycho and masterfully pulls off that little thing that 
A better movie attempt. Converting a book into a movie is always a daunting task. When you re dealing with a massive masterpiece like The Count of Monte Cristo, it 
A classic - fun from start to finish. This is one of my favorite movies and really proves what a versatile actor Johnny Depp is. You must understand that this 
Oh, yeah it rocks!. This video is in black & white, but I guess that doesn t really matter becuase I love it! I especally like the part when the 
HERMAN S HEAD.......DARN! DARN! DARN!,. The second season of The Munsters has a really nice picture but the sound is shaky on some of the episodes.Season Two has more in 
Incredible multimedia home theater experience. If you are reading this, probably you are a Kraftwerk music fan. So, if you are I urgue you to buy this DVD now as 
Just like old times!. When I found out these shows were on DVD I had to have them. My husband and I used to watch the series and enjoyed it 
 But your Joe Bass!..You can move mountains!..You ll be alright! . This is a great action comedy western with Burt Lancaster as Joe Bass. Elmer Bernstein s bouncy musical 
Twisted Daughter. Patty McCormack is THE BAD SEED. This is a twisted and shocking tale. Whatever you do, do not trade a basket full of kisses for as basket full 
Birds. I bought this movie for the photography. I am amazed at some of the footage in this film and would like to know how they got some of those 
A Sentimental Delight. The Champ is a film about an ex-fighter turned drunken gambler Wallace Beery who lives with his young son Dink Jackie Cooper . The two live in 
Sweet, thoughtful, moving drama. I rented this thinking it was A Place in the Sun also with Shelley Winters and so it took me a bit to not keep trying 
the best monte cristo. i ve been a fan of the book for years now and i read it over and over again. but all of the films that i 
excellent service and product. We were quite pleased with the service and product. Problems with order were corrected immediately. I highly recommend this site for Star Trek orders. Please disregard 
OF ALL THE KING LEAR S THIS IS THE ABSOLUTE BEST RECORDED. and that includes Ran.In order of preference from my personal library:This Joe Papp James Earle JOnes production is 
Brilliantly Casted Film. Kevin Spacey proves that he is a great actor in this one, and he s not even the main character. Guy Pearce s come-out movie showed that 
requiem. I just watched this movie last night. I came across the title on someone s MySpace and being a Jared Leto fan I wanted to watch it. I had 
Great season!. I have been a fan of CSI since the first season has come out. I am an avid collector of DVDs and I m way behind, I m 
Pretty Good. Michael Mann director of Collateral & Miami Vice wrote and directed this film, which stars two of the most legendary actors in the world...Those actors are Oscar winners 
An Extenals Operative Fails. A highly trained and well-motivated Canaris-selected operative operates in Enemy Territory.This Officer carries out his mission with superb skill and without emotion...until he permits sentimentality and 
The Lord s Luchador. Microphone {tap, tap, tap}: Ladies and gentlemen! For your wrestling entertainment, I introduce to you the Lord s Luchador, the Mauling Monk, the Orphanator! Put your 
A classic Russian WWII film. This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.The Cranes are Flying, with the official Russian language title of Letyat Zhuravli is 
Not that good, gimmie a break.... I had a hard time sitting there watching this film, especially during thescenes when the girls are trying to work their way through rock 
Holy Cow !. About two years ago I was in a thrift store checking out the good stuff, as I was heading out I walked past a TV set that 
Season 9 - The renaissance after sason 8. Frasier is one of the all time great shows. Season 9 is one of the better seasons of this eleven seasons series.During 
BARBIE IN FAIRYTOPIA. Im a HUGE barbie fan. I own all the movies ect. Barbie in Fairytopia was overall a pretty good movie. I like the fact that it wasn 
Truly a great sleeper film. It was a huge deal when it came out!. This film had an enormous amount of publicity surrounding it because of Brando reprising his Vito 
Family Jewels, Great for KISS fans!. My husband is a huge KISS fan and I got this for him for Valentine s Day. He loved it! We watched a lot 
Surprising, funny, with a profound message about greed. This is the first Thai movie I ve ever seen, and I was skeptical about watching it after seeing the previews for 
Bride and Prejudice. I love the movie so much. The dancing & colors of the outfits are wonderful. i recommend this movie to everyone.  
Americans and Soviets Race to Ice Station in the Cold War. A team of American marines and naval personnel aboard a nuclear submarine are ordered to a tiny observation camp 
Perfect. This item was exactly what i ordered in the exact condition that i ordered it in. Would definitly do business with seller again! Thank yo  
Pretty durn goodmovie. The best of it s genre, States of Grace is Dutcher s best work to date.He creates realistic dialogue, the acting was all top-notch. It s message 
Wonderful!. This DVD is great! It has bonus features, music videos and more. I think if you are wanting to experience Incubus in another level then this is one of 
Excellent pianist, miserable photography. This is a great DVD, with great sound, and an impressive performance. Yundi Li s technique is seemingly effortless, and his mastery of the piano are 
The summit for movies for serious adults. CONTROVERSIAL CLASSICS VOLUME 2: THE POWER OF MEDIA is one of the crown jewel disk boxed sets in my private DVD library. It 
Excellent workout!. I ve hardly ever been disappointed with the FIRM workouts tapes. They are very challenging and tough, but not so much that you don t want to do 
ORIGINAL SIN UNRATED VERSION. Being an Antonio Bandaras and Angelina Jolie fan this movie was right up my alley. What surprised me was how well it was done. It was 
The Ultimate Scarface FINALLY . This movie is excellent. Based on the subject matter which is of a violent nature it s certainly not for everyone, but I certainly believe 
Not every film was shot in widescreen. According to IMDb, Moulin Rouge was shot in 1.37, not widescreen. Therefore you re not losing that much to view this in 1.33 
THE WILD WILD WEST. Jeffrey Combs is back as the brilliantly demented Dr. Herbert West in this preposterously over the top, gore filled entry in the Re-animator saga. This one 
The ORIGINAL Nutty is the best. Not to be racist, but Jerries Nutty Professor is much better than Eddy Murphies. I thought Eddy was making fun of fat folks like 
My daughter loves it... My daughter loves this video. She does not otherwise watch this show Bear In The Big Blue House and was NOT familiar with any of the 
Not for everybody. This show is not for everybody. I find it hilairous in an unfunny way. Some of the stuff he does your just like what the fu.. is 
The girl can rock. My granddaughter loved the concert as we have been to see Hilary Duff in a real concert  
you guys aint no average street punks. the fifth installment of samurai champloo has proven, like the volumes before it, that good things come to those who wait. with masterful 
Solid... This is a solid and realistic film about a deviant female who finds a legitimate to deal with inner anger through boxing. I enjoyed this film for three reasons: 
This Boy s Life-ROCKS!!!. Wow...this was a great movie...I really enjoyed it but I wouldn t let young kids see it...but anyway it was really good...yay..  
best Women in Prison flicks ever. The Female Convict Scorpion movies are fantastic and Meiko Kaji is just incredible. I really hope someone release the other two Scorpion movies she 
Awesome. I absolutely love the DVD! Carly is awesome! I love the acoustic set. I feel very fortunate to have a piece of history! Carly is one of the best 
The Lion King. The Lion KingThe Lion King is a spectacular movie. It teaches a valuable lesson. There is a lion cub born, named Simba. The father s name is 
Animaniacs are Animazing!. These episodes are a classic. They are perfect for children while having enough humor to keep adults entertained as well. I recommend this product for all ages 
 Like the cereal, like the breakfast cereal. . While not perfect, The Freshman knows what the audience wants and, while not overdoing it, hit the right chords. Spoofing or 
Cry Freedom. Excellent movie for college students and scholars! A very good family movie also.  
Take the time to watch this film. Stars Kenneth Branagh and Robin Wright Penn. Branagh plays a cynical playwright who doesn t want children. Clever, well acted, and generally entertaining. 
If you liked memento, you ll like this one. I have to say that Memento is the best movie I ve ever seen. I decided to watch this because it 
 One For All, and All For One! . This is a magnificent movie and would be a great addition to anyones collection. The actors do an amazing job portraying 
We are going to eat you!!!. PLOT: A brief prologue shows a silhoutted man shooting a wrapped up body in the head. Then he says, The boat can leave now. 
Funny and surprising. I got a chance to see this DVD on a trip to New York this summer. Watching it on the bus ride I decided right then and 
DVD. Haven t seen the DVD yet, but on the audio CD Pillman: His Last Interviews now available he says that Dusty Rhodes stabbed him in the back. He also 
 A Timeless Children s Story...Pinocchio 1976 ~VCI Home Video . VCI Entertainment presents the wondrous new musical adaptation restored with all it s theatrical glory PINOCCHIO 1976 - Danny 
The Red Queen said, Off with her head! . Widely considered one of the best and most influential films ever made, THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE is a Cold War thriller released 
never more gorgeous. If you like the Joan Crawford look , and for many of us that is much of the appeal, well, she never looked better! And if you,like 
Complete Failure. In the eyes of the Catholic Church and the world, the priest this story is built around is a total failure and embarrassment. He arrives in China and 
Alien v Predator v Humans w out sex . Until Alien v Predator, the best human alien interaction was Danny Glover s encounter with the alien hunter in Predator 2. 
The Highest Definition!!!. Blu-Ray Disc is not a DVD...but, they are both DISCS!HD-DVD, which is DVD, is garbage! It holds less than 15 Gigabytes on a single layer! Blu-Ray holds 
MY GESHIA. AND OLD FAVORITE THAT I VE WANTED FOR A LONG TIME. IT IS ONE OF MY ALL TIME FAVORITES, AND I HAVE ALWAYS LIKE MOVIES WITH SHIRLEY MACLAINE 
It s the best documentary I have seen in a long time. I was lucky to see this movie in LA, and thought it was very interesting. It s topic 
Modern artsploitation Red Riding Hood. It stars Reese Witherspoon and Kiefer Sutherland, with a number of other notable actors pitching in their notable talents such as: Dan Hedaya, Brooke Shields, 
Chilling, Clinging Jealousy. In this dark film, Gene Tierney plays a young woman with a terrible obsession. In the words of her mother, she loves too much. She falls in 
Jungle Heat. What a wonderful great white hunter movie!! Of course the sultry Ava Gardner plays the perfect bad girl to Gables manly man with Grace Kelly rounding out the 
Forget The Critics. This was a great concert. George Harrison and Jimi Hendrix didn t make it to the show. Please excuse them - they re dead.Hank Marvin, Gary Moore, 
Good but could have been better. This DVD is the same as the VHS version or very similar. I have seen the VHS version and is almost the same. It 
ageless. I don t expect anything more of a movie than to enjoy it and be entertained. I don t seek to psychoanalyze or offer up in-depth critique, it s 
Classic. Comedy at its best!. Full of great jokes and all the characters are memorable and outstanding. It s my favorite of the series, possibly favorite of any comedy series. 
3 stars for funny plus 1 for nostalgia. Not the laugh riot I remembered but still some classic bits, especially the Joey Bishop deny, deny, deny scene. Stylistically, it captures 
AMAZIING!!!. This movie is absolutely incredible, espeecially for a spike Lee joint ! . WATCH THIS MOVIE!!! If you like commercial hollywood cinema you probably won t like this film, 
Adam s Rib. The ultimate battle of the sexes comedy, which of course leads to romance. Perhaps Tracy and Hepburns best overall film, its packed with charm, humor and intelligence 
S21 Khmer Rouge Killing Machine. Rithy Panh tracks virtually evry facet of the institution known as Tuol Sleng, or S21, the torture centre in Phnom Penh during the Pol Pot 
2000 Election Travesty. What happened in the 2000 election was a travesty of momumental proportions. It is the stuff that usually is found in fiction novels but it happened right 
It s about time!. I watched every episode of this series when it was originally on and fell madly in love with these two brothers and their wonderful, complicated relationship. 
coming from her biggest fan... this is my favorite movie. i think it is really funny and has a good story to it. i admit that there are some stupid 
A great Disney air adventure. I have to say watching these cartoons brings back a lot of memories. It is amazing how this cartoon still makes you laugh years later. 
For film enthusiasts who love hypnotic, disturbing atmosphere. Among Polanski s tip-top films. Roman Polanski became one of cinema s most capable film directors, and THE TENANT is among his 
Must Get This. This documentary made me cry. It s an incredible addition to the Titanic history but also a supreme achievement in the world of documentary filmmaking. I just 
A Safe Sci-Fi. This is one to watch if you like sci-fi films, but don t like a grotesque, horror flick. The plot is built around the traditional good versus 
Finally- a Documentary about White Collar Crime. This is an excellent portrayal of the Enron fiasco. It utilizes footage and sound bites, and interviews, it s absolutely amazing what happened! 
Not a history lesson, but a good story. To those of you, who have yet to realize what an amazing actress Cate Blanchett is, look no further than Elizabeth . 
Margot Fonteyn s book for children should not link to DVD video reviews. The reviews for the Margot Fonteyn Swan Lake performance from the 60 s with Nureyev, now available 
Tongue-in-cheek documentary slams the Gallagher brothers and their whole pretence. This is a great documentary, very sly, subtle and informative. Made up of interviews with prominent bandmembers from the Britpop 
Human Trafficking: Brutal Truth. I rented the DVD not really knowing what to expect. Having written articles on the subject, I expected a watered down version of a disturbing reality. 
Taking Care of Business. Taking Care of Business is one of the FUNNIEST movies that I have seen. IT S MY ALL-TIME FAVORITE  
This movie takes you off the map . You almost can t put this movie completely together the first time you see it. It takes the whole film to get 
Homeless to Harvard. Nice price on a good teen movie. Thanks for a smooth transaction.  
1st Season coming. Word from TvshowsonDVD.com is that the first season of Cheyenne will be coming out sometime in 06  
The greatest, but... Yes, this is one of the finest television productions you will ever see. And the first thirteen programs are arguably the best in the series. The Solitary 
Roundtree Shines in Landmark Role. The private eye, the mainstay of American cinema, was usually the domain of the Humphrey Bogart types. Richard Roudtree s John Shaft added more than 
My daughter loves this movie. My 7 yearold daughter loved this movie. Its good wholesome movie that kids can enjoy. I also love this movie  
Awesome!. A movie about a Jewish family in Baltimore, Maryland in the mid-1950s. One of my favorite movies  
Charismatic Michael Hutchence will be Forever Remebered!. If you know INXS music or Michael Hutchence, you got to have this DVD! This DVD elevates you to another uncharted level by 
A great surprise!. Color, speed, drama and delightfully anachronistic music fill this surprisingly enjoyable movie set in turn of the century 1899-1900 Paris. A boy falls for a courtesan, they 
Creative, imaginative, and hilarious roll into one. It s as good if not better than Volume 1 of Cartoons That Time Forgot. The episodes are a bit more wierd in 
Stunning. Continues where Volume 5 s cliffhanger left off; the first episode is a bit serious, but the last two make up for it with a mass amount of crazy 
Stargate Ultimate Edition . Una de las mejores peliculas que he visto. Tiene un argumento muy novedoso pra los amantes de la ciencia ficcion, se puede ver reflejado en su 
What a Movie. Don t no why this movie made it to theaters but I really like it. For those who said that Jean-Claude Van Damme can t act, they 
 Romeo Juliet with a happy ending...and Kung-Fu!. `Romeo Must Die may not be the most original or the most entertaining martial arts film, but it s one of those 
Love this Teeny Bopper MOvie!. It is definatly a total 80 s movie! Packed full of cheesy music and themes! But I love it! Teen Witch is a feel good 
Great Collectors Edition. The extended scenes in the new cut really add to the film experience. The featurettes and behind the scenes specials are incredible. The best part of the 
Riyach. I saw this movie by mistake when I was ten years old. I did not truely understand it. My parents didnt care because it featured Robin Williams, you know 
Down for the Count Part 1: Best Episode of the Series. This was the season I was waiting for it has the best episode of the series. Down for the 
Mel did a very good job as the wishy washy prince. Poor Hamlet, couldn t make up his mind to save his life. I really ejoyed this version, Mel and 
LIZA IN NEW YORK!. THIS DVD OF MINNELLI S PRESENTS HER IN TOP FORM AND WITH GOOD TASTE INSONG AND PERFORMANCE. SHE COULD ONLY JUST DO WITHOUT THE 12 DEMON 
Absolutely The BEST version out there.... This live-action musical version of the beloved &quot;Little Red Riding Hood&quot; story by The Brothers Grimm is a must see have. The songs are 
Carlos Beltran s dad does a pretty good job. If you re a Mets fan, you ll appreciate the performance of Carlos Beltran s dad as Henry. The guy from 
Drums along the Mohawk. This has long been a favorite and now I have it on DVD. This movie has quality throughout. First Class movie  
the wizard of oz meets cinderella. this is movie not every one will like. it is loosley based on the book by gail carson levine. the movie is about a 
Icicles. It s ironic that the warmest and most humane of movie directors, Ang Lee Sense and Sensibility, Brokeback Mountain is the director of the icy-cold weather, of course and 
An absolute must-have!. I used to watch this on VHS with my brother when he d come home & visit us on his college breaks. Raising Arizona has always been 
Dinosaurs Gotta Love it . This is the best program for the age. Good for children and adults. I was glad to get it for a Christmas gift and looking 
Fun Space Romp. Enjoyable comic look at what the future might hold. If there are long-haul truckers in space, then they will probably be something like the characters in the 
This is Daisy s Second Appearance. I just thought I would mention that the above review is incorrect. Actually Daisy appears in the episode where Dora goes and plays soccer. 
TO ME , THIS IS THE BEST AMERICAN JET LEE FILM EVER. THIS FILM IS ONE OF THE MOST UNDER RATED SCI-FI FILMS OF THE PAST TEN YEARS !GREAT F 
!!! BONE, LIVE, GOOOOOD!. This DVD is amazing. For anyone disin the quality of the shows, Im sure if you a fan, you d realize that the shows were picked 
Love This Movie. Tom Hanks gives another steller performance in Apollo 13. And of course Opie s, Ron Howard s, direction is impecable. Great movie...Great cast...incredible event. It s one 
My favorite Golden Age actor gets the DVD set he deserves. Clark Gable is my favorite actor of all time, so the DVD boxed set, CLARK GABLE: THE SIGNATURE COLLECTION, 
Thrills and Chills in Greenland and Denmark: A Murder Mystery. Julia Ormand plays the beautiful sculptured ice princess Smilla who grew up in Greenland but moved with her family to 
Beverly Hills Cop - The Complete Line Up. Arrived in time and in great shape  
Slow starter. I had a little problem getting the DVD started, but it did eventually and played satisfactorily  
Fantastic Product. The product is great and the service was quick and awesome. I am very satisfied with your service  
its damn good!. witty and clever segue filled humor. Left field, and utterly offensive... I loved it  
Simply brilliant television!. In season six of The Simpsons, the show was finally, having been put fully into motion in season five, on its way into classic television territory. Season 
Voodoo and Plot. Product in good shape.Angel Heart is on my list of all time favorites. One needs to watch it twice at least to pick up on more of 
Tedious beauty. I first saw this film in 1965 or 1966 at the Ann Arbor Cinema Guild. I didn t get it, but the memory of certain scenes stuck with 
GREAT MOVIE!!!. Overall the DVD was excellent and very much appropriate for young children. However, after a couple of months it had fallen to the back of his preference list. 
Love Foreign Films. This film Boys Of St. Vincent , helped me emotionally in the same was as did the film Abandoned . This film was just as good ... 
wonderful. entertaining, well fleshed out with the stories of other patients - Spalding Gray at his best  
Classic. This is just your basic old classic movie. we enjoyed it when it first came out and had it taped on a old vcr tape and wanted it in 
Excellent movie. If you enjoy scientific investigation, a slow paced scenario, and mystery, this movie is a total success. I was riveted on my seat from beginning to end. Splendid. 
Influential Silent Classic. Although this 1920 German silent does not really rank alongside the truly great silent films, it remains a fascinating oddity. Based on European Jewish folklore, it tells 
 Boom-Chick-e-Boom,... Boom-Chick-e-Boom.... . I am not a big fan of Jim Carrey, animation mixed with live action, or Cameron Diaz. Despite all this, The Mask is a favorite of 
LOIS&CLARK IS AWAY BETTER THAN SMALLVILLE. LOIS&CLARK THE NEW ADVENTURES OF SUPERMAN IT REMINDED ME OF ADVENTURES OFSUPERMAN IN THE NEXT GENERATION OF THE 90 S- I LIKE THE IDEA 
Better than Baby Einstein. My 11-month old loves this DVD, and it holds his attention better than the Einstein videos. He also LOVES the PraiseBaby DVDs from praisebabycollection.com.  
Every American Should Own this DVD Set. At the risk of sounding like an old salesman... You can t afford not knowing this information Period. The Documentaries here are of 
Star Wars - Episode I, The Phantom Menace Widescreen Edition . I love this movie, the offer was great from Amazon and shipment was quick. I am thorougly enjoying all 
Simply a great movie. I ve probably seen this movie 20 times since it came out and I still watch it when it comes on television. I must say that 
you know nothing about Tuco. One of Leone s most memorable flicks,Clint Eastwood reprises his role for the third time as the man with no name,or Blondie,in this flick.In this 
SIMPLE YET FUNNY. A great collection of the Pink Panther cartoons which were very popular in Greece also back in the 70 s. It is a pity that the series 
This concert rocks!!!. You people on here that give this a bad review are VERY STUPID!!!! This Dvd is awesome!! A must see for big Cinderella fans!  
Deja Vu ... This film actually reminded me of family ... I had to take a call and missed the last 30 min. The next day I went back and 
Bring the tissue!. A great movie about China, but more so about unconditional love. If you want a good movie with great visuals, try this one  
A great Cold War spy thriller... Prior to Kevin Costner s rise to movie stardom in films Bull Durham and Field Of Dreams, he played the lead role in the 
A great way to start L.A salsa dancing. I never thought you can realy learn to dance from a dvd untill I bought this one. The explanations are very simple 
Good Movie. I wish I could rate this movie higher because I would. I only looked this movie up so I can tell the synopsis of it to a friend, 
Re-animate me. I m another one of those reviewers who saw this hilarious film in the 80s and fell in love with it. This DVD with it s many bonuses 
 If you could just come in on Sunday.... that d be great.... . Ah, Office Space, one of the greatest comedies of all-time. How can you not laugh at 
I am reviewing the shows not the format!. This is a wonderful collection! It is misleading and disappointing to see the rating for this set so low--especially when many ratings 
Outstanding!. After years of rewinding and replaying my fuzzy VHS tapes of HERE S MICKEY, MICKEY MOUSE GOLD, MINNIE MOUSE GOLD, LIFE WITH MICKEY, MICKEY S CRAZY CAREERS among others, 
YES IT REALLY IS ONE OF THE BEST SHOWS ON TELEVISION. THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST MEDICAL SHOWS TO COME AROUND IN A WHILE. AND I AM ACTUALLY LEARNING 
 Randolph Scott B-Western Series ... Staple of Saturday Matinees of the 50s ... Warner Home Video . Warner Home Video presents TRIPLE FEATURE: The Man Behind the Gun Thunder 
The best of all the Scooby T.V. series!. What s New Scooby Doo is the updated version of the original Scooby Doo mysteries and I think it is the best. 
The Bridge on the River Kwai. This is a classic movie that I use to watch at night with my dad who passed many years ago. Yet it still brings 
Rio Grande: The start of a great pairing. Rio Grande was conceived as a movie to pay for the making of another film. John Ford wanted to make a little 
GOOD MOVIE NOT WIDELY KNOWN. The Beast is a name appended to a soviet tank in Afghanistan during the Russian invasion of that country by the resistance fighters. Not a 
Love the Dialogue, Ignore the Plot. A friend whose opinion I respect warned me about this film: Don t think too hard about the plot, or it will ruin the 
A good Series We need more. This was one of my wifes favorite tv series and she was sorry that it was no longer on tv. We bought the original 
If you love care bears...... This is very close to care bears and the kids love it. They request this video in addition to all the others they love to 
Go West. If your taste in westerns are noir-ish like Eastwood s The Unforgiven the Suooort Your pair should be passed, but for a good time with the family and 
Lots of variety and clear instructions. I find her easy to follow and undestand, though I am not a beginner to kickboxing and remembering dance moves. I really like the 
Earthquake Will Move You!. I ve always liked this film even though it has often been dismissed by critics because of the marketing of the Sensurround sound the film contained 
The Ghost and of course Mrs Muir. Wonderful. Exciting. Great. I loved every minute of this movie. Rex Harrison is fantastic as he is in everything he is in . 
The Kind!. Great dvd. A must buy for any Stevie fan!I was lucky enough to see him live twice.These two performances brought back great memories  
Great Workout!. I already have the pick your spot dvd by Ellen and I love it. This one really takes it up a notch. I felt great afterwards and I 
Private Lessons- dvd 1981. Private Lessons is one of the top grossing independent films of all time pre-Miramax. Private Lessons was released in 1981, starring Sylvia Kristal, Eric Brown, and 
Van Damn!. The Replicant proves that Van Damme can really act. He again portrays two people as in Double Impact. He is both a villan and his DNA duplicate...hence Replicant 
spectacular. An outstanding gala for Andrew l. Webber. To have so many wonderful and talent performers was sheer heaven. Each performer was unique with their musical number. Glenn Close who 
Review of the Howlin Wolf Story. I was generqally pleased with the music on this DVD. However, it did not meet my objective to obtain video footage of the Howlin 
He is the best. What can I say, yes I am a Gilad fan since the first days on ESPN. I am a fan however because when I buy his 
Pretty good deal !. I bought this dvd just for the movie Design for Living . Besides being a very funny movie, the quality of the copy was excellent. I 
A Tense Film Noir Moral Abyss. WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS is a very good film noir piece of filmmaking. Dana Andrews gives one of his best performances as an introverted 
 What shall I wish for, Mother? . A brilliant cast gives life to this 1973 production, lending new interpretations which overcome the dated aspects of this 1944 play. Set 
Fans of Bradbury, Steiger or Serling shouldn t miss this one. First let me say that I love Bradbury, including his screenplays, novels, and short stories. That being said, some 
Still the Chilliest....Billy. I treated myself to a viewing of this DVD the weekend before this Halloween, and it reminded me what a transitional film George Romero had made back 
Exploring new facets of the horror!. In the eighties, three directors fostered his imagination with original proposals around the human psyche; David Lynch, David Cronenberg and Peter Green way; each 
The Best!!!. According to me - CARS is the best the PIXAR studio has made. Toy Story was the first, The Incredibles were action-packed, but the CARS ARE JUST SIMPLY 
Better than you d think. Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny Devito star as twins who s birth were a scientific experiment. They got seperated at birth, one was raised on an 
20-month old son loves Ray. My son loves Bear and the Big Blue House. Previous videos did not include his favorite character, Ray, enough. This one has a lot of 
Fairy Tale - A True Story. A heart-warming tale which at the end you will beleave there must be Fairies  
Love it!. I love these 8-minute workouts! I have both the buns legs and arms abs DVD. It s super easy to squeeze in one or two 8 minute sessions 
Classic movie that made them all big stars. Considerng the adult humor and partial nudity, I was lucky as a kid to even be allowed to watch this movie on 
entertainment for all. We love little people and the little people DVDs are no exception. The stories are only 5 minutes each which is perfect for any attention span. Both 
Paz Vega Elena Anaya are HOT! 4.5 stars . I try to give as professional a review as I possibly can on most movies but it may be hard when 
A legendary film classic by a master filmmaker. I watched producer-director George Stevens production of A PLACE IN THE SUN 1951, Paramount on DVD for the first time ever last 
Excellent Live Concert. This dvd does an awesome job of capturing the best of Nine Inch Nails live. It has all their best songs from the Fragility tour. The sound 
I Want It That Way - And You ll Want to Own This DVD!. BackStreet s Back!!! All right!!!!!I admit, I was a fan back in by college listening to 
A Fine Film But Overrated. Kurosawa stands out as one of the great directors of modern cinema. This movie in particular is often cited as a shining example of his 
Entertaining and educational once again!. I ve already purchased vol.1 and vol. 2 of the Language Tree Learn Chinese videos. My nieces and nephews and family friends kids really love 
Especially interest twist about adoption and men. Michael Learned was actually my draw to buy this film - I was just interested in what Mum Walton was up to in 
Absolutely Fun. There are other reviews that are more indepth and serious.This is an absolutely fun movie and we are hoping they come out with another one just like it. 
Better than expected. A surprisingly entertaining piece. Made editing more of an art than a technical undertaking.  
boyz n the hood. this iz da best drama movie of all time.Itz da truf nigga!!!!if ya black you must see it, if ya any other race go see it 
Must have for any Buddy Guy fan!!!!. I don t know why most people aren t that into this Buddy Guy dvd. This is one of my favorite live concerts 
Fly on the Wall. Not quite what I expected - thought it would be more emotionally charged -- but none-the-less a good sort of fly on the wall docudrama  
To Be Continued. I was looking on Wikipedia the other day cause i was bored, and happened to find the page for this DVD. On the page there was a 
Don t believe the negative critical folks. I must say I had to hesitate buying the DVD after reading how scared she looked. How loud the drums were. How poor 
Pleasant, feel good movie. Entertaining, pleasant, feel good movie. I love anything Cary Grant and this was an excellent romance movie. I highly recommend this movie. A  
Excellent Stuff. These six episodes are best described as great, great, great, great, great, and so-so. The humor is excellent. Hugh Laurie is very much fun to watch. And they 
Count of this film touching your heart... A pure and engaging story of redemption amongst family, `You Can Count on Me tells the story of Sammy Laura Linney and Terry 
Big O Lives On. It was a sad day in history when Cartoon Network stopped playing Big O cartoons. I loved the series and was absolutely heartbroken when I learned 
Ohhhhh Hercules! Hercules!. This film is hilarious.A 400 pound man is tired of being overweight, so he decides to create a potion that, when consumed, turns him into a slim, 
Romeo and Juliet 1968 . Far and above the best rendering of this particular Shakespeare play I have ever seen. It retains the flavor of the play as it was 
a sharp movie from jet li. One of the cool things about Kiss of The Dragon is that it is a story that Jet Li wrote, and I d say 
funny and cute love story. I really love that story. I like it better than the first. I felt it actually was less embarrasing than the first one and it 
i watched this and....and...OH I CAN T HELP IT HE S SO FINE!. yes dammit! i watched this and i just love him!!! i just love looking at this man! 
A very Good and Emotionally Charged Action Film. This is an action film with a lot of emotion behind it. It has a real heart felt story that questions plausibility 
Beautiful film; wonderful performances. I read the novel this film is based on and loved it, so I was looking forward to the movie when it was released. I was 
Ferris. Bueller, Ferris BuellerOK, lets start off with what wrong with this edition of Ferris Bueller s Day Off. there are two problem I see with this new Bueller Bueller 
How to drum properly... This is essential viewing for drummers at all levels to fine tune technique and relaxation. In particular, matched and traditional grip, natural stick motion and accenting 
one of the best of its time. While this movie does not get the dates and locations right, it does a pretty good job of getting the Public Enemy era 
Powerful intellectual and ethical exercise... This is one of my favorite films from the 60 s, and I saw a superb stage production of it as well, two years before 
Impeachment is always an option. This DVD reveals the marketing campaign of the Bush administration s goal to go to war with Iraq. They had no reason to until 9 
An awful portrait of the childhood!. Based in a adaptation of Jean Cocteau, Melville explores with all the possible realism, the incest between children and their adult behavior. Those human 
Terrifically... ...entertaining. I m not going to rattle on about how wonderful this series is -- so unlike anything on dreck-laden US television. Instead, I ll just say that I 
Where the line between humans and machines is blurred. I ll admit to you that I love to watch Adult Swim, and I ll also admit that I like certain 
48 People Can t Be Wrong. Perfection. Absolute perfection. But before you go away, let me say ... when I wrote this review, there were 48 existing reviews, and I 
Surprising!. I found this movie to be very well written and thought out! I always love movies where the ending surprises me, and The Others definitely did that.The Others isn 
Cool film!. Director Spike Lee presents a courtroom epic,very much like Oliver Stone s JFK,about the assassination of Malcolm Little,a civil rights leader,commonly known as Malcolm X. Malcolm X of 
fantasy, but fun. Me & Mrs Jones is light, entertaining and romantic. It is well written, acted and filmed. Even the minor characters have personality. Though in todays world with 
Educational and Tasteful for Both Men and Women. Of the many videos I ve watch on sex positions, this is definitely the most helpful. It is one of the few 
They All Want Cake. Amy Sedaris, Paul Dinello, Stephen Colbert and Gregory Hollimon all shine in Strangers With Candy, a sublime spoof of those ABC After School Specials we grew 
On the Edge of Perfection. Okay, let s get it said and out of the way: The Searchers is one of the greatest films ever made. There, it s done. 
Perfect film noir artistry with terrific characters in a run of the mill plot. This review is for the 2004 Criterion DVD.The story starts in a New York subway where 
Still a Television Event, but a slight notch down from Seasons 1 and 2. By the time The Sopranos entered its third season, it had solidified its standing as a 
Unexpectedly amusing martial arts spoof. I really didn t know what to expect out of this movie when my buddy got it from netflix two years ago and brought it 
Honestly... For Fox to have gone this long without releasing a DVD set is simply insulting to good comedy everywhere.And the worst thing is that they don t care even 
House in a breath of fresh air. I have not watched t.v. since I was a child beause of the lack of talent and lack of interesting plots. House delivers 
B-movie Splendor. I would have to say this was a brilliant movie. I was highly entertained from this Mr.Corman and Hill flick. Beautiful women getting roughed up, from the somewhat 
Painfully funny. My stomach hurts, my cheeks are sore and my eyes are red from laughing so damn hard after watching this dvd! Jack Black is a total goofball, but 
Worth a second Purchase!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Thank You Anchor Bay for Re-releasing such a Horror Sci-Fi ClassicPHANTASM is one of the best Horror Films ever there is nothing like it.Unlike other films 
Game, Attraction, Betrayal, Love found. At first it might seem like a typical gay movie of boy meets boy but the movie was very nicely done with great actors to 
Dark, but funny. Oliver Platt makes this movie. His character is one of my favorites ever. The story line is great. Finally, a movie that shows the main character as 
Model Railroading. Great movie to see rail stock and rail operations in the old West. Great shot of crane cars. Shows under carraige and purpose of chains. Thanks to stop 
Can I give it 6 Stars?. Elizabeth R, brings to the screen the story of Queen Elizabeth I, the woman responsible for transforming England into a major world power.The setting 
Emma with Kate Berkinsale. I absolutley love this movie,she was precious in this part and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys period pieces  
 :D . Every day is friday when you have no job...funny good make you have a good laugh at the end of the da  
Terrific Performances!. Paul Dano did an exceptional job in this unsettling tale of irony and taboo. Really, all the performances were top-notch.The other reviews sum up the philosophical aspects nicely 
outstanding WWII action film. Easily one of the best action movies I ve seen, and it just goes to show you that action movies don t need gratuitous violence to 
It could ve had more if you compare to The Chem. Bros. DVD. Overall, I really thought the videos could ve been a little more creative and unique. Some of 
A very thorough documentary. Anyone who has followed the Iraq war closely and is somewhat grounded in reality should have known before seeing this documentary that the Bush administration lied 
Great tribute to the story of Judy!. Absolutely riveting! A brilliant film worthy of ten stars! Judy Davis is a wonder  
WOW,WOW,WOW!!. I never heard this movie, But my friend got this one day and we watched it together..ohh man, this is really thrilling suspense ,nail biting, heart pounding ,got me 
The best animation movie ever. I have seen Finding Nemo about 6 times and I have never gotten tired of it.I love the computer animations in this movie and all 
Great Story And Great Cast!. This is such a great movie! Leslie Caron was born for the role, and Louis Jourdan is excellent. Maurice Chevallier s role was definitive in 
A very convincing film noir movie portraying the folly of relationships built on deceit and greed. This review is for the 2005 Paramount DVD release.The story starts out in 1928 
A beautifully subtle and genuinely emotional film. This is clearly one of the most polarising of Jane Austen adaptations on film. Some viewers will love the genuinely moving acting, the 
Some movies just sort of fool you... This is a movie I saw as a kid, and I didn t remember thinking it was anything special. Well, I was wrong, 
Just seat and enjoy. I must confess that I am not a big gan of Seinfeld but still these is a very funny show. I recommend it  
A GODSEND FOR EC FANS. This is without peer, whether you d like to learn about the EC comics of the 1950 s, or if you re already a died 
Good Movie. Good movie at first then starts to get weird between a student and two teachers otherwise then that good movie  
This is a must have for any collector. Lo leih is perfect this movie will display why gordon lui is consider one of the greatest to ever grace the screen 
Jason is alive and coming back home. In the prior movie Friday the 13th: A New Beginning we found out it wasn t Jason doing the killings but the paramedic 
Unlike Anything Else. I was very impressed with Directions. All the videos are unique and personal. The combination of the music and video worked really well! The DVD has lyrics, 
genius!. Visitor q is up there as one of my favorite takashi miike movies,it is no doubt the strangest movie ive ever seen.Its probably more of a black comedy then 
lots of comedy, a bit of crime. This movie was not as good as the second gadget movie. It was funny, and that was the best part. Claw was a 
Where life is beautiful . . . This six-hour made-for-TV movie is a drama about a middle class Italian family that covers over 35 years of modern Italian history. Its 
Improvement. Well, i was surprised by the improvements made in this one..i liked the thing about the panties, and that they actually visited [...] that was kinda cool!Anyways, buy it! 
Must have for all new parents of kids with Down syndrome!!. WOW!! I wish this video was available when my daughter was born almost 3 years ago! It should be 
Lessons In Life. How can you not love Boomerang and better yet why isn t it being recognized as a classic. Eddie isn t just funny he also showed off 
Hilarious. I m surprised by how few people wrote about the comedy of this piece. The movie makes fun of the philosophical ideas as much as it celebrates them. The 
Awe Inspiring!. One word! Awesome! KoKo changes our view about Gorillas. Koko s emotions seem almost human. I found myself laughing and crying, but most of all unable to move 
Best Yu-Gi-Oh Battle!!!!!!. I love the Yugi vs. Marik battle it is the most intense and awesome battle I ever seen and in my opinion the best duel fought in 
MIDNITE MOVIES........DOES IT AGAIN !!. Mgm s midnite movie collection has done it again.You get two great movies for the price of one.This double sided disc includes each movie in 
After.Earth. This is a very cool movie. Its an action thriller put to animation, and the animation is GREAT, I loved the fact that they fused 2D, 3D & hand 
The Apocalypse. Movies are true to bible scripture, A acting, moves your heart emotionally and captures your attention through out the entire length of the movie.  
SO GLAD TO SEE IT IS FINALLY ON DVD..... AN OUTSTANDING CAST,WELL ACTED,FUNNY,SAD,AND JUST ALL AROUND ENJOYABLE.A FILM OF THE 30 s THAT IS NOT AT ALL DATED. STILL HOLDS 
Panter and Dimebag at their best!!!!. Everybody knows that pantera pretty much defined heavy metal in the 1990s. These videos show the best that pantera ever was!The fun they had 
Exploitation Movie. One reason Wild Things works so well is that director John McNaughton sustains a darkly comic tone throughout the film without letting it degenerate into farce.He also drenches 
It s about d@# time. This is one of my alltime favorite sitcoms. I can still watch episodes over and over again and lmao off each time. Martin is a 
Great buy!. I am very happy with the Praise Baby Collection Gift Set. My 10 month old is totally mesmorized with the images and loves moving to the worship music. 
A wonderful propaganda film, but not history. This is a wonderful film. It has powerful messages. There are numerous examples of how teamwork acheives something. My favourite is the tale 
superb historical drama on redemption and coming of age. I watched this with total absorption at the plight of this unusual man, the Hurricane. His story, as others outlined in 
NAIL BITING. Was never into Sci-fi flicks but this one just gets you at the edge of your seat!enough said when s season 3 coming!!  
EVIL DEAD is a gorehound delite!. It s hard to imagine this was Sam Raimi s first entry into films, considering his more tame offerings such as Spider-Man, which is 
Eye-opener. I first watched this movie five years ago on HBO, and to be honest, this film inspired me to read the book, though it would take me four long 
A movie to watch again and again. Meg Ryan is one of my favorite actresses to watch in movies. The opening scene of her in the airplane is worth watching 
One-of-a-kind film with a one-of-a-kind actor. I first saw this film in a college cinema class. After we watched it, a long discussion ensued, led largely by the feminist-minded females 
An excellent overview of Cherokee history and the Trail of Tears. This is an excellent film for anyone interested in learning about the history of the tribes that were removed 
Informative and Helpful Resource for Shakespeare. This video by A and E contains a 50 minute biography about the life and works of Shakespeare. What is gratifying is that this 
A fun romp. Now, this is a real anomaly: Mae West starring in a film based on a successful play she wrote back in 1926. So theoretically, this film could 
AB portion is great. I found this dvd at a local supermarket and I was shocked that it was only 5 bucks!The ab portion of this video is amazing. The 
the benny goodman story. this is a very good movie to watch.the music is splendid it makes you wish to be back in that time when music had more of 
When your heart needs some hot chocolate .... I first saw this movie several years ago, and I was quite impressed with it. Recently, I saw it several times on 
Great Sci-Fi Great Drama. Up to date material relevant with todays issues. The only two shows we follow with anticipation are Battlestar G and Lost. If you need to watch 
Lost : One pair of shoes . . . This is another deeply affecting story about simple people by Iranian director Magid Magidi. The central character is a schoolboy, Ali, 
Where is Thumbatrix?. i enjoyed Thumbs very very very much : But guys where is THUMBATRIX? its 2006 and we are waiting 3 years for this and the new thumb 
Perfect for your little John Deere lover. We recently purchased this DVD for our three year old son who is obsessed with John Deere tractors. He watches it over and 
Incredible performance. This DVD is great. The performance of the group is incredible, and the crowd is outstanding as well. A must have!  
An Unheralded Classic Black Comedy....Highly Recommended !!!. A 15-year-old illiterate girl named Vanessa Lutz Reese Witherspoon, about 19 at the time lives in a crummy motel with her lunatic, methadone-addicted, 
Perfectly delightful for boys and girls and their parents. It s hysterical and pitiful that some of the other reviewers describe this program as though it is some subversive, dangerous, 
THE ONLY THING MISSING WAS THE ROCKY THEME. And that s not a bad thing at all. vincent papale played by mark wahlberg is a working class guy from a 
Guarding Tess. I am a big of fan of Shirley McLaine and Nicholas Cage. The movie begins and ends with comedy and drama. Nicholas plays a frustrated Secret Service agent 
A Regular People Review. First of all, I ve read Anna Karenina and I love it. While I was in Iraq this past year, I saw in the PX a 
I Thought It Was Brilliant. Cinderella II: Dreams Come True is a series of three stories featuring mostly characters from the original Cinderella and a few new ones. The animation 
Not totally true to the book, but still good. I saw this movie when it first came out and I was very young and impressionable. As someone else said in 
An overall great workout!. I was pleasantly surprised with this workout! I was skeptical as to how effective a 3-minute aerobic, 2-minute weights, and 1-minute core workout would be... but 
Two Moon, brings 5 Stars. This is a great steamy fantsy flick. If you go into the mind set that it is a B movie, you will not be disappointed. 
Awesome movie. Pistol Pete is one of my favorite basketball movies of all time, ranking right up there with Hoosiers. I don t understand why they haven t put it 
Equus. 100 edge on your seat thriller. The cast is excellent in their respective rolls and show how fragile the human mind truly is. This is a must see film 
Entertaining. This movie was very entertaining to say the least. They did a great job building up the characters at the beginning. I have not seen Mic Jagger s version 
Does its job!. I really like this DVD. It combines a good cardio workout afterall, your heartrate can t get too high when you are pregnant with some toning and 
An awesome DVD on the Snakeman. I didn t think @ the time that they were going to release a DVD on Jake Roberts. But after I watched this the 
Fantastic Movie!. This movie is one of the best i have seen in years. it depicts the lives of young adults being curious and shows how easily virgins can be 
Superb. This is Woo and Chow Yun-Fat at their best. Amazing supports from Anthony Wong and Tony Leung. The movie takes you through a thrilling rollercoaster ride full of grief, 
Great Oldie. This is a great classic movie. The plot has a serious subject but has many light moments and laughs to go along with it. Great actors make it 
region free dvd. IN THE BOX IT SAYS REGION 3 BUT IN REALITY IS REGION FREE. I KNOW BECAUSE I CAN CHANGE THE REGION ENCODING IN MY DVD PLAYER AND 
One of the greatest movies of all time. The phantom of the opera with Lon Chaney is one of the greatest films ever made. Although not scary by todays standards 
My favorite film-noir!. LAURA starring Gene Tierney, Dana Andrews, amd Clifton Webb, directed by Otto Preminger, shines as a dusky jewel among les films-noirs. Tierney is never so beautiful and 
The Forgotten Cool of Burt Reynolds. I caught WHITE LIGHTNING on cable and what s interesting to me is how lean, mean and cool Burt Reynolds was. The problem is 
Memories...... Oh, how I remember rushing home from school to be able to catch the next episode of my most favorite TV series ever. I ran home, like most of 
Made Sense to Me. I think the thing I loved about this movie was that it was actually about a small unit trying desperately to cope with the stresses of 
hot, hot, hot. Anna Nicole Smith is so hot. Now no one will say these movies win an academy award but if you are a fan of Anna s then 
I LOVE THIS PURCHASE. This was such a great purchase. I am a huge Jane Austen buff and I think that this is a great version of EMMA. It is 
Very Depressing Tale. The title of this movie holds no secrets. The Virgin suicides may have its up and downs throughout the movie but the whole time the viewer is 
Pure noir. This film and its DVD treatment are superb. There s nothing left to say that hasn t already been said in great detail by other reviewers but as 
perfect at home routine. I have purchased this Gilad routine because my old one wore out after 12 years. Although I do other work outs, this one is the favorite 
Finally Anamorphic. Eventhough the sound is not upgraded Dolby Surround , the picture is. Now you can watch this extremely entertaining movie in an anamorphic widescreen. It looks nice and 
Battle of the Bulge. This is an awesome WWII movie. There are several stars in this movie & the acting & reality are great  
One EVERY doctor and health care worker should see. This movie was so well done, I loved Elizabeth Perkin s role, she did outstanding!I wish more doctor s or people 
So cool. If you did not see it till now ... run for it . Fresh and cool in every aspect. Marlene Dietrich at her best  
Absolutely Brilliant!!. This is one of Oscar Wilde s most entertaining works. The cast is outstanding in every way possible! Rupert Everett can deliver an Oscar Wilde line better than 
Not lost anymore. The series will hook you and you can t escape. Being overseas I am looking forwarded to season three being released  
Steve McQueen Collection. Husband very pleased with Steve McQueen collection--very happy with his Christmas presen  
Arbuckle on center stage, with Keaton and Lloyd supporting. This collection marks the release of two films long thought lost by film historians: The Cook starring Roscoe Fatty Arbuckle and 
Somewhere in Time - a timeless classic!. This movie came out in the late 70s and that is when I first saw it. I was only a teenager then, and 
A young Kate Beckinsale is sensuous in this mystery. If you liked the sensuousness of The Dreamers , you will likea decade younger Kate and her nubile body in this 
Sam Elliot was. born to be a cowboy! Lots of action, lots of bad guys getting their due and at least one lady being rescued!  
Enchanting. This dvd was one I have wanted for a long time.I have it in vhs and have almost worn it out.If you like a good mystery wound around a 
A wholesome family film. This is a good movie to watch with the whole family. It may also spark some interest in baseball for those not already interested. All in 
Angel Season 3 - The Beginning of Something Awesome. This is the year where multiple plot arcs are set up for the remainder of the series run. Action runs fast 
Exhausting. Robin Williams is an AFRS disc jockey in Saigon during the Vietnam War. He is fast-talking, zany, unconventional - and a problem for his superiors. Williams is so much 
My favorite movie. Why is this my favorite movie? Because it simply presents life, in all its joys, griefs, paradoxes and mysteries. What puts this movie in a class by 
Outstanding!. With all the varied genres of music available today, accompanied by the differing degrees of musicianship, it is a rare treat to find so many outstanding players together on 
My Favorite Movie - Bar None!. Although the story surrounds the Spanish Jesuits building a mission in the South American wilderness, the real action takes place in the heart.Robert DeNiro 
Excellent views expressed with utmost simplicity!. Noam Chomsky is clearly one of the few independent minds of our time. It is particularly incredible that been him both an American and 
Story of Flint presaged what has happened since. Michael Moore s first major film was one of his best in my opinion for two reasons. First off, since he did 
Gosford Park, Breakfast at Tiffany s, Rachel Ray cookbook. Everything is fine. The cookbook was a gift. Thank you. M  
REAL ENTERTAINMENT!. This is a great DVD set with 4 disks. It s as though the essence of the people interviewed was captured and time has stood still. Somehow Dick 
Great movies. These movies are great and a must have set for any Munsters fan!! Bought seperately these dvds cost 15 each so why not get this 2 movie set 
One of my most enjoyable movie experiences in recent memory-. This movie is great. The framing and camera work is borderline incompetent, the plot makes absolutely no sense, the special 
Watch your Tabloids!. Nora, They say you were shot in the Tabloids. Nick, It didn t come anywhere near my Tabloids! Need I say more? Just buy it because there 
Haggis knows America!. First saw this movie before Oscars were awarded, thought it was well written and acted. Have seen it several times before buying the DVD and the impact 
I loved this movie!. Aladdin is total family entertainment. The music is awesome and clever- great voices wonderful to watch.Other classics not to forget about are:Mary PoppinsMy Fair LadyThe Wizard 
Classic Bond with a Great Video Transfer. This is the version to get -- it doesn t contain the extras that the multi-movie box set includes, but I found those 
Everyone Loves Archie. Yes, Everyone Loves Raymond can t hold a candle to All in the Family...from ANY of the 9 seasons. If you are some young kiddo who has 
Worth viewing for the fan. I agree with many reviewers that Red Dwarf didn t really get going until Series 3.Series 1 and 2 are more crude, less science-fiction and 
Very Erotic. NUDITY!!!We get three different nude french chicks. All show bush. The film wasn t full of sex but it had this underlying erotic feel that just makes you 
Enjoyable Classic. It s a really nice film. Nicely made with some brilliant child actors.  
Outstanding Version Of The Immortal Tale. Both one of the most horror-oriented and one of the most thought-provoking versions of the often-filmed tale, Mary Shelley s Frankenstein brings together a 
Master OF The rare Laserdiscs Movies. I love SHE S HAVING A BABY Much,,especially That Song THIS WOMAN S WORK..Kevin Bacon did great in this Movie,I have it ON LASERDISC,And 
Held my attention. I enjoyed this movie quite a lot. The layered reality writers playing writers playing actors playing themselves keeps you on your toes. The cinematic device of organic 
Powerful. This movie is excellent for families. It has the emotions of loved ones going off to war, and the ones left behind to go on with their lives. All 
Cry, cry baby. A must see of music history. The opening bars of Janice singing Cry Baby is worth the price alone.  
Classic. What is there to say? The film is brilliant, soaring above merely perfect Holywood to come as close as one can to the great American tragedy. Superb performances by 
The world of deduction. The facinating stories of Sherlock Holmes.If you like the stories-you will love these film production  
The Devil s Backbone. Stark ghost story that some may compare to Sixth Sense yet, in my opinion, the two movies have little in common except on a very superficial 
I Miss Anna Nicole. I really enjoyed her TV Series alot and I will miss her Truly. I have most of her movies.But Heres The One Problem When are they 
Exceptional DVD treatment of a classic. All Quiet on the Western Front has finally gotten the DVD that it deserves. After languishing for years in a stopgap DVD release that 
The Master at Work. I often enjoy checking out old movies by some of the great actors of the past like Bogart, Gable, Cooper, and Cagney. Thanks to Turner Classic 
This is one of the best movies ever made. The proformances are just great and wicked in a good way.Especially Sarah Michelle Gellar who put the best proformance in the 
Great DVD of a good movie. Good News isn t the best musical the M-G-M Freed Unit turned out, but it rates a very good. With high production values, an 
Couldn t have been any better. I saw this movie a few years ago and need to rent it again soon because I have nothing but fond memories of it. 
Unique and Entertaining,. The first thing you will notice with this one is the strange animation. It s hard to even describe really... But expect some disoriented backgrounds with some 
 :D .... :D .... ;D . A magnificent piece of entertainment. Good cast, great plotline, and true John Woo action. Travolta and Cage are perfect  
TRUST IS TESTED. We re into the summer arc of Boys Be in Volume 2 but there s a bit of rain still left before the spring is over and 
sunny, funny musical fable. ON MOONLIGHT BAY is a charming period musical, perhaps Warner Brothers answer to MGM s hugely-successful MEET ME IN ST LOUIS. It is based on Booth 
The Charmed Ones Three Pack. If you are a Charmed fan, or have seen reruns on tv then i highly recommend buying this three pack. The first three seasons are 
One of the best comedy shows in history. Without a doubt, Dave Chappelle created one of the greatest shows to air on television, but I might just be saying too 
As Good As They Say!. Let me start off by saying that I think Hugh Grant is drop-dead gorgeous. I would watch any movie with him in it. This is 
This will satisfy your sleazy tooth. Maybe three and a half stars. I ll give it four just for being exactly what I thought it was, and maybe a little 
Please Appreciate This Film. Too many people write this one off because it s confusing, but that s because they don t really want to pay attention. This film is 
Five Early British gems. This box set contains five Ealing Studios comedies from the fifties that are just great examples of this genre of films. I had seen Whiskey Galore 
THIS IS WHAT STARTED IT ALL!! THE ORIGINAL. WITHOUT THIS MOVIE, THERE WOULDNT BE ANY KUNG FU FLICKS MADE.YES,THIS IS THE 1ST OF MANY VENOMS FILMS.ALONG SIDE MASKED AVENGERS,THIS IS 
5 Star Just For Sharon Stone. OkayDon t compare it to part 1 , the story is not too badbut Sharon Stone was the best thing in that filmshe is 
 A minute ago this was the safest job in the world. Now it s turning into a bad day in Bosnia. . I ve owned Lock, Stock and Two 
Fun family film. My daughter taped this off nick last year and she watches it over and over--and it s very funny. My son also loves the nanny in it 
This is the rare sequel that is as good as the original. This show is extremely well-written and should not be missed by any fan of Morse. I put off 
Brutal and beautiful. TCMTB is one of the most brutal movies I ve seen, and by that I mean brutal in a good way. I ve seen worse violence on 
Our new favorite Baby Gift to Give!. We LOVE this series. We could watch it over and over even if we didn t have a baby. By the way, she 
A Sci-Fi Classic. I won t rehash the plotline here, many other reviewers have done so, and IMHO the real gem of this DVD isn t the movie - it 
A sublime work of art. Poignant, beautiful, and majestic. A towering work of art. Alas, I have to admit it loses something on the small screen. But this edition also 
The Best Ab Workout... I ve been doing Taebo for a long time and normally hate his ab stuff. In other videos that I own, I feel like his ab 
Not only for those interested in Asian cinema... My brother told me I should watch Warriors of Heaven and Earth 2003 . Truth to be told, I was somewhat sceptic, 
Great Movie. Conservatvie family meets the new boyfriend. He does not live up to their expetations in the slightest, but he does love their daughter. See the push and pull 
Great!. I m a big Tupac fan so I decided to check this out. Yeah a real movie would have been better but seeing Tupac died they could only make 
Ful metal bliss!. I got to say this one kicks butt, seems this series gets better each time i see it. I definitly think this one is good for any 
 Something s gone wrong and it s so bad no one even wants to talk about it! . In the film C.H.U.D. 1984 it s related to us that 
The Best of The Corrs DVDs. As a long-time fan of The Corrs and owner of all of their DVDs including Live In London , Live At Royal Albert Hall 
 The Prisoner is still as enigmatic as ever... My memory of this series was a disjointed, disconnected one that had a menacing Big Brother theme along with an inner 
Sure to Warm the Cockles of Your Heart. Allen and Keaton team up again for another side splitting farce. Russian novels are cheerfully sent up in a furious volley of 
Life In and Out of the Closet. YOU LL GET OVER IT is a very French film: the moods of sensitivity, fresh teenage sexuality, and mature adult perspectives make it 
The Partridge Family. This is a great show and lots of fun to watch. But I have a question, where are seasons 3 & 4??? It seems this is getting 
Swashbuckling Tale. National Geographic has done a superb job in telling the story of Blackbeard. Told through the eyes of his first mate, Israel Hands, the legend comes to life. 
GOOD FOR THE SOUL. I LOVED THIS MOVIE. I SAW IT WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT AND IT WAS SUCH A GOOD FEELING MOVIE. I NEVER FORGOT IT AND I 
At times gripping, at times kind of slow. I still don t understand the love for Crash, the recent film centering on the racism issue. It seemed like a film 
Possible the funniest Comedy Movie this decade. It has only one competitor so far Air America ..But Air America cannot stand repeat viewing...I can watch this movie every 4 months 
WOW, what a workout. Well I am a beginner in yoga and just bought this dvd, due to the online review. It is definatly not a beginners dvd. The dvd 
GREAT CARRIER AND BATTLE ACTION. A REAL GREAT ACTION MOVIE ABOUT THE NAVY AND ITS PLANES AND PILOTS.......NOT ALL FACTUAL BUT STILL A GREAT MOVI  
King George. OH MY GOD! THERE S SEX IN GEORGE MICHAEL S VIDEOS!!! A few of the fans seemed surprised by this fact. With songs like Fast Love and I 
Moody, atmospheric, satisfying entertainment. Excellent black and white photography and first rate performances all round make this an entertaining thriller. John Saxon is well cast as one of a trio 
Welcome to Vortis. Another superb DVD release! The Web Planet is not the most popular Doctor Who serial in the world, but thanks to the Restoration Team s incredible efforts 
One of the CREEPIEST moments in Doctor Who history.... ...Oh, I am not talking about the Sontaran Experiment, the 1975 Doctor Who story, I am talking about Terrance Dicks soap-boxing 
C mon Folks, it isn t THAT bad, and it s Tom Green - what did you expect - Gone With The Wind?. Ok, I m only writing this because 
Smart and Funny Documentary. The documentary Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room had a bit of a rough start. Although intriguing, it failed to deliver the rough sketch of 
This movie is a favorite of mine!! You ll watch it over and over again!!. I ve never read the books, but I love the movies!! My family is pretty 
More of Kirsten Dunst, please... Bring It On sheds light on a high school senior and newly selected cheerleader captain who finds herself under pressure to take her 5-year straight 
Wonderful-warm and glowing. In the best tradition of Love Comes Softly and Love s Enduring Promise, this surprisingly convincing and lovely film made me smile for the rest of the 
Bob builds, teaches, and saves the planet. Not being a regular watcher fan of Bob the Builder movies, I was not aware of the changed character voices. I first viewed 
Strictly Ballroom--One of the best I ve seen!. STRICTLY BALLROOM is a wonderfully campy film that I can watch over and over and enjoy it as much the 10th time 
The Simpsons the complete 8th season. This was a great purchase. It was shipped promptly and I was notified often ater I ordered it and after it was shipped  
Loved it, so entertaining ... I have loved the comic series and I definitely loved the movie, RJ, Vern and Hammy especially will forever be my favorite urban forest critters. 
You don t have to believe in mediums to enjoy this series : . Alison Dubois Patricia Arquette is a medium someone that sees dead people and also a psychic 
Merry Christmas in No Man s Land: Inspired by an Episode in World War I. On Christmas Eve in 1914, the first year of World War I, there was an 
You don t have to surf to like this movie. I m not a surfer. In fact, I don t think I ve ever toughed a surfboard.But I do like 
Something for all-age toddlers to enjoy... I have a 3.5 year old and a 17 month old, and they both LOVE this movie. Yes, several of them are shown on 
A story that has real meaning in today s world. Stray Dog is a story about a Japanese veteran who comes home to a destroyed world after W.W.I.I.. Many veterans 
While You Were Sleeping DVD. While You Were Sleeping has become one of my very favorite movies, so easy to watch, or to relax and fall asleep to. So nice. 
Still funny after all these years.... If you like silly humor along the lines of BLAZING SADDLES,then this is for you.For those of you who complain that it s too 
 Cool Movie. What a great movie for both kids and adults. My only gripe is that there sure is a lot of dying in this movie 3 main characters 
2274 my phat white uggly old 36 year sandled man foot!. I was an innocent babe of 6 when this movie came out and only just discovered it, ironically when 
SALSA MADE EASY. My wife and I have been dancing for about 10 years but we never took Salsa lessons. The instructions in the video are so easy to follow 
I Want the Original English Back, TOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. If you have seen this movie when it came out like i did then this is a big deal!!! what was wrong with 
Some thoughts for other Who fans. This is not one of those odd reviews posted before the release of the product, based either on vague memory or representing sheer fabrication. 
Excellent. Spongebob is one of this show you can see and see, great family fun spongebob rocks  
A boy, a map, a ship, pirates, treasure and-- friendship. Yes, 5 stars from me, certain I am! This version s my favorite treasure-hunt-pirate movie. It oughta be on dvd--as 
A great pacifist work!. In 1930, three great pacifist films were released, in the United States, Lewis Milestone s All Quiet on the Western Front; in Germany, G.W. Pabst s 
This is television & The History Channel at their best. It will be worth the dvd coming out the end of January. Shown now as Thanksgiving day fare. It is 
Dry, touching and wonderful. An excellent indie film - I am guessing a great many people who saw it did so because of Katie Holmes, and thus may have been 
Great DVD. This was a great dvd except sometimes they are off beat and the fact that beyonce was missing an earring and nobody told her and her solo perfomance 
Wonderful characters, beautiful location, funny and poignant. Mary Steenbergen s portrayal of writer Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings is very believable - she s independent and a little stand-offish, but comes to 
A delightful 1930 s hallucination. Audiences wanted escapism then and boy did they get it! This film is far more surreal than anything coming out of Hollywood now. In fact, 
This one is a keeper. This is a good movie for relaxing. Except for the incredible escape from the path of the train, the excitement is light hearted fun without 
Sharp & Cutting. Good film portrayal of the story of axe murderess Candy Morrison and her neighbor. Rivalry, cruelty and jealousy flare up between these small town women that ends 
The Show is Great. I love this show it s my favorite show on Saturday afternoon but it s sad that they cancelled this show now I have nothing looking 
Really Good Barbie Movie!. I found My Scene Goes Hollywood really enjoyable. It had a good storyline that held within it some messages girls should listen to. Is this movie 
Ok, free association from my childhood... a poodle, a noodle, a doodle..... A masterpiece of ironic comedy, What About Bob is the role that Bill Murry was born to play. 
Funny, clever, one to watch in or out of the friendzone . I saw this movie twice in theaters and now on dvd, and each time it becomes more funny. 
Setting the standard for science-based documentaries. Brilliantly structured, edited and shot, this multi-part series plausibly attempts to explain complex theories of particle physics and how these relate on the massive 
THE BEST YOGA VIDEO I HAVE FOUND. It was my first video and it was great because it had more detailed in struction while keeping the mode relaxed and enjoyable 
A good film about life on the mean streets of South Boston. This is a pretty good film about South Boston. It shows the mean streets of Southie and the 
A classic movie - all kids should see. I ve read the book many times, have owned a VHS copy for years and finally decided to breakdown and but a 
Almost live... If you have the option, you really want to see David Byrne live. Barring that, this DVD is a terrific alternative. Perhaps not so enjoyable for folks who 
Turned out to be quite a Happy Accident for me... At the time that I discovered this gem of a movie in my local video store I had actually never 
The best film of all time!. I couldn t believe my eyes when I happened to be browsing through the foreign film DVD s and pulled out Salaam Bombay by 
Quirky and bizarre. Bottle Rocket is not a movie you re going to like. Trust me, you ll probably hate it. It s comedy is not over the top funny, 
Reawakening the spirit. This is a scenario not even Richard Feynman could have imagined when he helped to form Friends of Tuva. Thanks to this group s effort to bring 
A Great 70 s Classic. I guess you can say that this movie spawned many copycats but this one is still supreme. This 70 s classic has great atmosphere and 
Pass the popcorn!. I remember watching this movie in the theaters when I was about 12. I loved it and had to order the dvd. I must have seen it 
Superb; Outdoes Even The Original. A perfect sequel to the original Candyman , the second - and best - of the series involves the Candyman s modern-day descendants and also 
Wonderfully Funny. This is an underrated, little known movie. Gene Wilder and Harrison Ford are a match made in Heaven for this movie. Funny and poignant, it shows how opposites 
Erotic and Sensual!. This is one of those movies that the critics slam, while viewers, despite the negative reviews, shake their heads and embrace. Delta of Venus is not only 
Great for evoking wonder of exploration in kids. My five year old son loved watching this documentary about Shackleton s Antarctic expedition, even though it s fairly slow, because we 
caught my attention.... I liked this movie for a number of reasons..one of which..it tells a good story of the struggles of poverty in ireland..including everyday family problems and growing 
A sad movie, but very good too. This movie is a documentary of the story of Karen Silkwood Meryl Streep , who was a whistleblower that was contaminated with plutonium 
A baseball classic given the All-Star treatment - a Grand Slam!. There goes Roy Hobbs, the best there ever was to play this game. For admirers of the original theatrical 
M.D. Really great results. The work-outs get to the point. You feel the burn and know that you are doing the exercises properly. Very happy with the DVDs.  
Hilarious!. This ISN T Joseph. I am his oldest daughter.I love this movie and in my opinion, this is the best Friday movie EVER. The other ones were okay.Basically, this 
Nitty Gritty Hour is Nifty!. A must see for all Sonny and Cher fans  
My son likes it at 2 months. I can t believe he likes these already but he does. My son is two months old and he gets through about half 
Picture Quality Sucks, Movie s Good. M is a film that is 75 years old, having came out in 1931. It s also in German and when movies that came 
A fun Fantastic Voyage update!. I m a big fan of this film. BIG fan. It struck a chord with me back in 1987, and I love it to this 
A classic of war. There s a lot of movies about Vietnam, but this stand up for everyone. It is intelligent and deep. It is cleverly disgised strong critique for 
One of the best. The best dark comedy that I ve ever seen. Everyone I know that have watched it love it. Oldie but goodie. See It  
This is so much more like it!!!. When I bought Jewel: A Life Uncommon, I was looking for great concert footage of Jewel and maybe a little insight into her 
Tough, brutal film with Fawcett deserving of Award. What is it going to take for Hollywood to recognise the artistry of Farrah Fawcett and give her the accolades and awards 
If you re in the mood for a Pirate Movie.... this is it!. I love this movie.Geena Davis is great as an action hero, here and in The Long Kiss 
Just a great character driven story. This is one of those rare movies that every actor nails their role and each performance is elevated by the performance before them. Loaded 
Cardio and Toning. This set contains the cardio DVD Cardioblast plus the toning DVD Weightloss. Tamilee is a good, motivating instructor. She cues from your point of view and gives 
star-studded movie masterpiece. Suggested by Vicki Baum s book Menschem im Hotel and the Broadway play by William A. Drake, GRAND HOTEL remains to this day one of M-G-M s 
Postmodernism 101. This film perefectly exemplifies all that is best about Postmodernism. A timeless masterpiece  
Portraying the horrors of Hitler incrementally. If you thought Schindler s List came off a little heavy-handed and patronizing, you are not the only one. I find movies such as 
It stands alone. I watch movies, read books and listen to music for the sheer joy of doing it. I don t consider myself any kind of expert on what 
Full Metal Perfection. This series was one, I had to buy as a DVD Collection one-by-one. Seeing as how I don t have cable nor any use for it , 
Slaughtering critics...What s not to love?. While it is not without it s flaws particularly, the fact that it strangely tips it s hand so early as to the killer 
Disturbing Piece of Cinematic History. Despite the patently racist content of this film, I rate it highly for its innovative film techniques, its effective portrayal of one of the sinister 
Sixties French Magic. Most outstanding in this 1964 restored classic is the score, an outstanding 60s soundtrack by Michel Lagrand and dialogue by director Jacques Demy. Stars Catherine Deneuve as 
Absolutely Brilliant. I started watching this show as reruns in 96 on Comedy Central and could not believe I was actually seeing the results of rare comedic geniuses. Not many 
Excellent service. the service was excellent, the item arrived very soon...the product was in excellent conditio  
marvellous TV show and DVDs. These DVDs are a must-buy for any Gilmore Girls fan. It has great picture and sound quality and is totally worth the price.The KAB score: 
Great Action & Super-Cool Soundtrack. Do you like Roy Scheider? Did you like Jaws? Blue Thunder? You will love Sorcerer. Scheider is great as the pseudo leader of four guys, 
One of the greatest foreign films ever... Rashomon 1950; directed by Akira Kurosawa and starring Toshiro Mifune is one of those films that the truly hip have seen, and not 
You ll never make it as a successful artist today without seeing these DVDs. Like i said in the title, these DVDs are essential to an up and coming artist. 
The Mighty Ducks are back. The Mighty Ducks return for a 3rd movie and now are in high school. But there are a couple of changes for the Mighty Ducks, 
LOVE IT. this movie is now one of my favorites. the plot may be simple, but the dancing is dope and columbus short is the finest man on earth. i 
Brett = Holmes. Jeremy Brett is superb has Holmes. I think even Basil Rathbone would have to admit this if he were still with us . The Crooked Man is 
FUNNY AS HELL!!. Raw in my opinion is one of the most important stand up performances of the 20th century as it picked up where Richard Pryor left off! Delirious 
Karen Allen is indeed beautiful... in response to what another reviewer wrote about her beauty.The film is excellent as well..  
Old School. I bought these movies because they were some of my personal favorites when I was younger. I Love Larenz Tate. And Above the Rim was a bonus. But 
I m a sucker for Lollilove. The best mockumentaries are the ones so deadpan, so serious, that you almost feel uncomfortable while watching it because the situations seem so believable 
The necessary leap from the innocence to experience!. A young boy will live in own flesh, an experience `s lesson, when his mother decides to sell their Ranch in Texas, 
Cromwell; Well worth investing two hours of your life. Cromwell is a truly outstanding film. Of course, there are historical inaccuracies particularly in the portrayal of the Long Parliament and 
You re missing out if you don t buy this movie!!!. This movie is absolutely amazing. I saw it for the first time when I was eight years old and 
Overall a nice assortment of McQueen s movies at a reasonable price. Overall this is a highly recommended set of six different Steve McQueen movies. It s a must-have package 
Must have!. This is an awesome show. There is so much going on in the show it s addicting. Definietly makes me feel better about my life.Well worth the money. 
Jim Carey perfectly played Count Olaf. Overall great film. Really neat opening and closing credit sequences. This movie is based on the first three books in the series of thirteen 
Die hard - The Ultimte Collection. It was fun to go back and revisit the 3 Die Hard movies. The special affects are still great to this day. Bruce Willis 
The Best!. This is one of the best sci fi animes out there and the colour transfer and quality of the DVD picture is smoking! The storyline seems better than 
Overrated, Overhyped And Overlong!!!. I first saw this movie when it was released back in the 1980 s and I didn t like it then and I still don t 
A Groundbreaking Thriller!!!. Jack Nicholson goes crazy better than anyone else on screen. The film is a bit dated, but enjoyable none the less  
Useful and fun lesson. My daughter and I really enjoyed this video. The phrases being taught are very relevant for a child and the repetition helped my daughter to retain 
Nothing like the original, but a solid action flick. That s how I d characterize this entry in the zombie movie genre: it s not really a horror movie. It 
Five STARS for.....STINKS! .... Duke Wayne..what a guy! Whips the tar out of commies or anyone that might look like a commie or fellow traveller, or pinko - now John 
why we love her. Tammy Faye Bakker Messner would appear to be crazy. But millions of people love her, and you have to wonder why. Clearly, there is something deeply 
One to definitely pick up for martial arts movie fans!. Wow, a real jewel! Be warned though, this is not a movie per se, but a set of scenes chopped 
Dodgeball has the Patches O Houlihan seal of approval. What is there to say about Dodgeball - A True Underdog Movie other than it s a no-brainer of a hilarious 
VERY subtle--this one had me laughing at the quietest moments. Though I think this movie depends too much on the original novel for its form, I found it quite funny 
A must see!. This is a great little independent film. I love it so much after I rented it so I decide to buy it. A must see  
Terrific! For every lover of basketball...and the sadness of addiction and the glory of recovery. We had this on video tape and had to get on DVD. This is a 
This movie isn t smart. It isn t great. But it s fun. . The opening sequence with Dwight Yokum and Rebecca De Mornay is one of the funniest in 
Shyamalan. {My review of THE VILLAGE mentions THE SIXTH SENSE more than it does THE VILLAGE, so here it is.}I don t really want to talk a lot about this 
A Great Movie for when you re socked in by the weather. Ice and snow outside? Here is a movie that will take up your entire afternoon. The nice thing 
A Striking Directorial Debut From Danis Tanovic. No Man s Land is Danis Tanovic s directorial debut, which won the oscar for best foreign language film in 2003, is an 
Funny, but not sure how ironic she really is. Miss Silverman is the most recent addition to the group of meta-bigot comedians -- i.e. comics who tell ethnic jokes supposedly 
Daniel Radcliffe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. This is Kl s review.The Harry Potter movies were very good and if I might say so Daniel Radcliffe looked realy fine in the fourth movie! The only 
TOO HILARIOUS!!!! Great way to get on the Christmas mood!. This set is great to give to someone for Christmas that doesn t own the entire set on DVD. The 
As Powerful As Ever. I purchase a lot of DVDs. For the past few years, it seems that almost every DVD comes in a special edition two-disc release that includes 
Evil Carol Cartman. The evil Carol is just like Scrooge and is nasty to all her friends.I enjoyed this film and so did my dad.The difference is that Carol got 
The Way we might like to wish We Were. Friendly Persuasion 1956 is my favorite 1950s movie. It always reminds me of Fiddler on the Roof 1971 as both films 
An Actuh s Film among the swill. You talkin acing here,dig, where the story s secondary. And, oh what a suspenseful thriller. Here you find the stripped-down to the bones 
 I just do eyes! . Really enjoyed the setting, atmosphere of this movie. A dark, dirty city overcrowded with people and trash although I thought there would be more 
A heart-warming classic!. Funny, heart-warming and full of action, this is a good Christmas-time family movie. My family loves it  
fine topical comedy show. Fortunitely, way back when, I got a hold of a vinyl album that spotlighted various tracks of comedic highlights from this show. Fortunitely this show plays 
Great!!!. This was great . We all enjoyed watching it as much as the first one  
Superb series...wonderfully comprehensive!. This is perhaps one of the most enjoyable documentaries I have seen in recent years. Do not be put off by the colorization process used to tint 
Great American Film. Jimmy Stewart plays Senator Jefferson Smith in this 1939 classic. Smith has been appointed to fill the seat of a deceased senator by the governor of his 
Gentle story of discovery and love. When Blue Lagoon came out in the theatres, I was 17, and my parents refused to allow me to see it. It wasn t 
it was a good date movie. I saw Sick during its theatrical release with the man who is now my permanent boyfriend , we shared an immediate appreciation for the 
The Gene Krupa Story. It was a very good picture, it wasn t the Gene Krupa story that I was expecting but it was still very good. Very impressed that 
One of these fantasy movies proving again that special FX are not crucial. A beautifully well constructed movie. From the very beginning, the destiny of Cinderella and the prince is 
Very Funny. This is a great DVD for anybody that likes a little comedy with their wrestling. It shows almost everything that the new DX has done since their return 
I LOVED IT!!!!!. I bought this recently, when i was about to watch it I thought it was going to be the stupidest thing i have ever seen. But after 
Absolutely superb, should have been a theatrical release. This is a brilliant version of the book &quot;Evidence of Love,&quot; a true story about small-town repressions that lead to horrific circumstances. 
THIS IS NOT THE MGM VERSION REVIEWED BELOW!. This Robobox is not the MGM version reviewed below. It doesn t have any of the extras, it s just the movies. 
Excellent release by Criterion. Before seeing this anthology, I had never heard of Stan Brakhage. The Criterion Collection did a great service to the experimental film community be releasing 26 
Episodes #1-2 of this season are worth the price of this DVD. Losing James Evans, the patriach of the family, robbed the show of its momentum and its core ideal 
John Leguizamo rules. This is Pricilla: Queen of the Desert set in Texas. But gosh...this movie s just so cute. Attacking this film is like going after a defenseless bunny 
Stylized Nostalgia. The Wanderers is an entertaining nostalgia piece about the exploits of a group of Italian-American teenage gangmembers who engage in various turf wars with other gangs of varied 
A fun, more deep than a soap, soap got that? . This is a touching, funny film that has been cast perfectly. The three main female players are wonderful in 
Shelley Long s greatest solo comedy effort. One of Shelley Long s better comedies, HELLO AGAIN is an entertaining What If? story with a twist. Lucy Chadman Shelley Long has 
One of the best television series ever created. This Spiderman blew me away. There are NO flaws about it at all. It s just perfect. It s much better than 
Well Done!. Tastefully shot in New York City, Dinner Rush is a seductive little number that delivers. Having worked in restaurants for several years, this movie serves up an authenticity 
csi miami. Great only thing that could make it better is not having to waite for the next season to come out. I watch them over and over agai  
AWESOME!!. BEST MOVIE OF ALL TIMES!! IT HAS EVERYTHING YOU COULD ASK FOR IN A MOVIE!! THAT CRUISE SHIP IS BEAUTIFUL, ITS AMAZING HOW WELL THEY DIRECTED THIS MOVIE, SO 
Good Movie!. This movie was alot better than I expected. It was very comical and, in my opinion, better than Bring it On. But that might just be because of 
Allen at his best!. Woody Allen s movies fit together perfectly like jigsaw puzzles, well and evenly scripted, excellent casts even better when Allen s in them , funny comments, 
Be Cool is entertaining but not memorable. Before I saw this sequel, I had heard and read that it was a terrible film. However, Be Cool is still an enjoyable 
Rock on. SERIOUSLY, One of my favorite movies of all time. Thank goodness for 1980 s rewinds. Kate Hudson s character is ridiculous, in the absolute best sense of the 
GREAT EXTRAS. THIS IS ONLY FOR THE DVD This DVD has greater than great extras never released in other DVD versions. The extras include all: Commentary by: Joe Dante, Bob 
Saving Private Ryan. This was great movie, great display of what happend on D-Day and next few days after  
10,000 volt ghost! and dyno-mutt isnt that bad. This set has my all time favorite scooby doo show episode,the 10,000 volt ghost! great one. i remember hating dynomutt and then 
Come To The Asylum....To Get Killed!. Ah, remember the days of horror anthology films? I love this format. You really don t see much of it anymore, though Creepshow 3 
Cat people or kitties in training?. This movie is interesting enough to watch, but in the end, I felt a need for more. First off, considering that technically it was 
Very Interesting Very Scary. I ve actually seen both the HBO series directed by Brent Owens and the move American Pimp and I d say that they compliment each other 
Great for dancers who want a fun workout!. This is a wonderful, fun, high-intensity 80 s early 90 s style hip-hop workout. As a dancer, I was afraid that it 
Amazing Remastered Pippi Longstocking. I just received my Pippi Longstocking Box Set and I couldn t be more pleased with it. I absolutely love how they enhanced the new color 
Beautiful singing, playing, acting, staging make this a great MAGIC FLUTE video. This is a live performance from the Bavarian State Opera of Mozart s last great singspiel, DIE ZAUBERFLOTE 
Acting bliss. With so many fine actors in this film based on the real life of the director it would be hard not to be impressed. This film is carried 
One Flew Over the Cuckoo s Nest. If you haven t seen this, watch it. You will understand why it received so many awards. If you have seen it, watch 
Buy it. This is a great DVD. For me, the original album gets only 4 stars. While brilliant, it has a couple of uninteresting tracks Good Company, Sweet Lady and 
Mike Leigh. It is hard to think of another more consistently powerful film director than England s Mike Leigh and All or Nothing is yet another example of his exemplary 
A Bing Crosby musical favorite of mine. REVIEWED FROM REMASTERED B&W VIDEOCASSETTE Leo McCarey s THE BELLS OF ST. MARY S 1945 is a one year later sequel to his 
 I know how much the money means to you, but a child means more. . Another masterpiece from Akira Kurosawa featuring Toshiro Mifune, this time Mifune is not a 
ASPECT RATIO TYPO!!!!!!. PLEASE NOTE AMAZON HAS A TYPO!!!!THE CORRECT ASPECT RATIO FOR THE HOLY MOUNTAIN IS ANAMORPHIC 2:35:1 ENHANCED FOR 16X9. IT IS ALSO A 2K SCAN DIGITAL RESTORATION 
Excellent!. This is an excellent workout. The more I complete the workout, the easier it gets. But, I still wouldn t say it s EASY, just a VERY effective quick 
With my luck, my kid is going to end up like this... It s Alive is a Classic B movie from the 70 s. What s it about? Two words: 
The end. Many fans of Adult Swim s underrated Sealab 2021 will say that the show declined in quality after fan favorite Harry Goz voice of Captain Murphy died, and 
We all go a little Blank somtimes. Meeet Jerri Blank a self disribed 42 year old user boozer and all around loser but she stold a tv and now she 
Outstanding. Vanessa Williams and Jason Alexander sparkle! The music is great, particularly Tyne Daly s rendition of &quot;Mothers Aren t Important Anymore.&quot; The movie stays with the original story line, 
Amazing! But I want more!!. Only a few episodes on this DVD, but that is the ONLY thing I can say badly about it. It brings you right onto the 
The clash of two cultures!. Kaufman s adaptation of Michael Crichton s Japan-bashing potboiler is a realtively light approach, a simple buddy-cop movie featuring a pair of entertaining star performances. 
For sheer match quality, one of the best wrestling DVDs ever. Samoa Joe, as a performer, has taken wrestling by storm, and if you wanna know what all the hubbub 
Best Youth Oriented Action Adventure Film. Not many films in recent decades are able to make a storyline interesting to both adults and children, but Cloak and Dagger is a 
Captured Me. As the parent of a son with autism, this film spoke to me in a way only someone in my situation might understand. I wondered if the actor 
More than just Skin and Bones. This DVD is a great addition to any foo fighter fans collection  
Fascinating,.. .. because it s more like watching a documentary on drug-crazed youth than a film. I thought at first it must have been directed by Fassbinder  
One of Jet Li s best films. If you enjoy Jet Li s film work, it is pivotal that you see this film. The movie has a litlte of everything, 
The League of Gentlemen-The Complete Series 2. The most brilliant TV series created. Begin with series 1 if you like dark British humor! This is truly the best TV series 
very sweet romance. Okay, I m a sap for a romantic comedy; I like a happy ending, so sue me. This movie is funny and sweet, well acted, and has 
prompt service, pristine product. Thank you for the prompt delivery - the DVD is new - just great  
Haunting, fascinating, real-life time travel. If you have any interest at all in early cinema OR the edwardian period and in that latter class I include people like myself--artists, costumers, 
Fabulous!. Can t wait for Season 4 to come out! I now have the first 3!  
Attention Katerinasmom. This is a MOVIE!!! Why should it be believeable. If you really believed that something like this happened , then you have some problems. Lets see how many 
Kundun. Kundun is one of the most beautiful, scenic movies I have ever seen. It is the real version of Seven years in Tibet, which was launched at the same 
Need DVDs. I don t understand why this show was cancelled...it was pure hilarity. Hell, I ll buy the entire series just for the one shot of Andy spinning around 
PRETTY GOOD,BUT LOUSY EFFECTS!!!!. I heard gravedancers one of the best of after dark series . So I end up renting it first, ya were pretty good. Kind of stuck 
entertaining comic book style Western. Sam Raimi was still untamed by Hollywood, and determined to be as innovative as possible, when he did this Western. The overall memory you will 
1986 Chicago Bears Shuffle. Fun. Upbeat. Funky. Feel good. This was the cherry on the top of the Bears Super Bowl season. The video and sound is dated - not 
Very Satisfied Customer. It was recieved earlier than expected and in perfect condition. I was very satisfied with my purchase  
good adaptation of DRAGON GATE HEROES manga . I saw this film back in October 2006 with limited Hologram cover , bought it as soon as it came out, and 
My toddler loves it!!. One of my 2yr olds favorite, along with On the Go and Baby Neptune. But this one is his #1 pick. He has really learned and 
90 s. I was talking to someone recently about the most definitive movie of each decade. When it came to the nineties, we debated heavily whether or not the title 
The Best Soccer Instructional DVD Without a Doubt. The production of this DVD absolutely sparkles. I have a 6 and a 10 year old, and they have watched this video, 
A worthy sequel. I just saw Dawn of the Dead for the first time. I actually saw the remake first, which I liked. And, of course, I ve seen the 
Much More Than Just Really Hot Chicks Naked. There are so many reasons to like Wild Things it s easy to call this movie perfect. Although it s not the 
Duplicate Reviews Showing Up for 10 and 13 of Series. Thanks to the previous reviewer for pointing this out.The review posted March 2005 applies to Vol. 10, and the review 
Mathilde s Faith Never Wavers. A very real dipiction of WWI. I will not go into details of the story. That has been done sufficently by other reviewers. The film 
A MASTERPIECE!!!!!. I do hope that it is quite obvious that the only people who didn t like the film are a bunch of immature teens, who were expecting something 
Crimson Tide...2006?. When this movie came out in 1995, I caught it in the theatre and enjoyed it so much, I bought the Video Tape and just to let you 
Most Underrated Spielberg Movie. This is my favorite Spielberg movie. Most other directors would live off a film like this for the rest of their lives. For Spielberg, this is 
Walk on another world. The twin cameras mounted on the mast of the Mars rovers are spaced about the same distance as human eyes, and the same height as a 
If a tree falls in the woods... Isn t is funny how people who stick up for Bush never have any solid factual refutations for the documentaries that skewer him 
Tru takes on a 2nd season & the plot thickens. When Tru Calling s pilot started I originally thought, well, this show will be cancelled soon . it was messy, 
adventures of superamn the complete 5 and 6 seasons. Love the product and shipping was excellent would buy from in the future thanks alot  
The darkest of comedies brilliantly presented in glorious film-noir style!. This review is for the 2002 Universal DVD.The story is set in the late 1940 s, where a small town 
Right Up There With Lost . Like many fellow reviewers, I started out feeling skeptical about the show, especially with a subject title that could veer towards cheesiness and frivolity. 
I m probably going to be incredibly biased here... When I was a kid, I had the original VHS release of Robin Hood and I must ve watched dozens of 
It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again. I can t believe I never reviewed The Silence of the Lambs yet, simply because it 
Very Good Blu-Ray Transfer. This is one of the first movies from Fox and they have done a very good job transferring it to the Blu-Ray format  
This movie is wicked. What a feelgood movie. When you re miserable and want a good pick-me-up, watch this, you won t be disappointed. Singing, dancing, totally CAMP  
bizzare, nazi zombie love story. if you havent seen zombie lake, but have heard of it, then your probably aware of its reputation as the worst zombie movie ever made. 
A goof!. There is a goof during the battle scene with the ninjas: the scene where Cruise is on the ground with a ninja on top of him trying to 
How High. This is one of the funniest movies ive seen. Method Man and Redman are in the list as my favorite emcees so it made it even funnier seeing 
 Back to School, Back to School . Billy Madison is the son of a wealthy businessmen, and spends his drunken days in the sun. His father s due to 
Good Opera!!. Taking in consideration that it was done in the 70 s it is a reasonable recording. Music is great!! Good to have one  
Never explain, never apologise..... This is yet one more brilliant film in the Lynch universe. I ve loved everything he s done even Twin Peaks: Firewalk With Me , and 
Can t get enough... So what if it s a little long? If you love Gene Kelly as much as I do, the time passes too quickly. Gene and Frank 
Newman and Woodward - what else can you ask for?. TERRIFIC movie - Newman and Woodward sizzled. My husband and I watch this and we both think it s one 
The perils of disconnection. Suicide Club is truly a Japanese statement. I enjoy Japanese films for the interesting glimpse into a psyche strongly influenced by a world of forced detachment 
Woo could do no wrong during his pinnacle. From 1989-1992 John Woo made The Killer, Tragic Heroes, Bullet In the Head, Once a Thief, and Hardboiled. The Killer is my 
The next best thing to seeing Jeff Tweedy live. This is a great DVD if you like Jeff Tweedy and Wilco. Keep it up Jeff, we really appreciate what you 
A favorite. This movie makes me laugh out loud. I m not easily moved to out loud .You must listen for the subtle stuff. You will enjopy it more the 
GRAYSON & KEEL AT THEIR ZENITH. This is by far one of the very best musicals ever made. Kathryn Grayson and Howard Keel displays Oscar worthy performances as Lilli and 
Greatest Elvis movie.... Aloha Bra . Elvis and cast are at their top in this fun loving Hawaiian location film. Storyline is healthy and wholesome, music is upbeat as always 
FUN HALLOWEEN FARE but parents beware . This 2 dvd set brings back great memories of the old MOVIE MACABRE show from the 1980 s. Lot s of schlocky horror 
M- The Murderer Among Us. Filmed in 1931 this is the first serial killer movie...M is the story of a serial killer who terrorizes a German town. As you follow 
A Great Adventure Film For The Kid s: Adults Too!. It seems surprising how long ago The Goonies came out: Over 20-years-ago. And it is still an entertaining film. Both 
 If you behave like a gentleman, I ll break your neck! . Trouble in Paradise is a great example of a sophisticated pre-code. It revolves around some thieves played 
More Show!!!!. I really enjoyed this dvd because it had more of the show filmed than in the vhs riverdance - the show. It is a little bit of an 
Fabulous!. Refreshing and just as funny as it was when it first aired! I m loving seeing it again and my children ages 10 & 12 think it s hilarious. 
Five stars for releasing these to DVD: this pre-release review just mentions the content. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy made two feature films for M-G-M in the 1940s, which were 
Incredible Charm of Surrealism. There are not many artists who could tell the same joke over and over again and get away with it creating the film as brilliant, funny, 
Disappointed. I rate the series 5 stars, but the DVD s lower, because it seems with each dvd release we get less and less features at a higher price. There 
So clear and easy, even my boyfriend can dance now. I ve been dancing my entire life and salsa for the past six years. Then I got a boyfriend last 
a very sad movie during the dark era. simple setting with simply screenplay sparkled by simple yet very natural performances of all the actors. a very sad movie it is. 
The gift that keeps on giving. The joy of this flick is not in viewing it alone but in sharing it with your friends! The over the top gore, bad 
Very Fun. I m in many dance classes and on a dance team. I was looking for a way to condition on my own outside of class and this is 
I LOVE Horatio. I bought this set because my mother-in-law loaned my previous copy to a friend and can t get her to return it.My wife CONSTANTLY watches Horatio when 
Walking with Finess. I really enjoyed walking with PJ - she is friendly and encouraging, a much more subdued Leslie Sansone. I also enjoyed the quieter classical piano background music 
there is a reason you pay a couple dollars more for the red sun versions over groundzero. actually reasons, and big ones at that. It s not panned and scanned, 
Churning the Sea of Time. The title of this seems to be a blend of John Swaine s River of Time and The Churning of the Ocean of Milk, a 
A brief comment. I really enjoyed this film, basically the Coen Bros. homage to the film noir genre. I always thought the name was funny, since it s French, and 
Fantastic movie. I didn t know anything about Gia Carangi before I watched this movie. She died in 1986 and I was born in 1990 so I d never even 
Air America. This is a good movie for the pilots in the family. Not especially for children after a certain age but has alot of action and is terribly funny. 
Lady Godiva. This movie is great when compared to Emmanuel series. It even has a cameo apperance by the dude that played the original Batman tv series  
If you thought that Sonny Chiba s THE STREET FIGHTER was violent... Fans of 70s Japanese Cult Cinema, in the vein of THE STREET FIGHTER, LADY SNOWBLOOD and SUKEBAN DEKA, 
L.A. Here comes the T-Rex. This was a fine movie however is definately was not as good and original as the first but none the less a very good movie!! 
review at bottom is incorrect. one of the comments below states that this disk contains the Cabinet of Dr. Caligari.. which was the main reason why i bought it.. note 
A wonderful film which floats on the love of words, rhythm, and imagery... Nominated for Best Actor Massimo Troisi , Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Music, Best Director, and Best Picture, 
This is Fun. The series was always delightful because it was fun, done with panache and done with a little tongue in cheek. Pierce Brosnan was great and Stephanie Zimbalist 
Respect For Rodney. A light hearted movie with an amazing cast everytime I see Rodney he has the same style of line, yet it s still unique and humourous and 
Rating the movie-NOT THE DVD QUALITY. I am so glad that I bought this movie on the basis of reading other reviews. To watch Valentino for the first time is 
The History Channel showcases what it does best. This is a great ten disc set showcasing what the History Channel always did best in my opinion - document World War 
An amazing golden moment that all can indulge into. What can I say? Michael J. Fox and Christopher Lloyd are brilliant! I have seen it in 1985 and again now! 
Classic 50s Sci Fi. This is one of the greats from the 50s. If you are into movies like The Day the Earth Stood still, this one is a must. 
The best PETER AND THE WOLF ever. I was surprised to read the other review, because I recently bought there-released DVD reissue of this Peter and The Wolf for my 
Attention this is a new major DVD release. It is a shame that amazon has put no further information on this DVD. It is also a pity that we see 
An Effective Horror Film: Creepy And Nuanced!. There are many varied opinions between the two Ring films. Ringu released in 1998, and its American counterpart The Ring, starring Naomi Watts 
My favorite Dr. Who episode!. I ve always remembered this episode from way back when, and jumped at the chance to get it on DVD! You just can t beat 
Thanks To This Movie, The Nightmares Continue. This movie is a reallllllllllllly scary movie. The only part I didn t like was that pervert Mikks in the beginning. Be warned 
Funny stuff. Ordered this for my room mate s Xmas present and we both had a great time watching it. I especially like the surprise endings in the final episodes.Funny 
Serenity the Movie. An outstanding film. Great adaptation to the big screen of one of the finest TV series. Well written, directed and acted. Two thumbs up  
A Villain In Search of A Better Vehicle. Whirlpool teeters between noir and melodrama sometimes too precariously towards the latter. It s an eminently watchable film despite alot of implausibilities 
Innocence revealed, though it s a struggle all the way. Cary Grant, convicted of arson murder at a factory, escapes from death row and holes up at the house of 
Will touch your heart. If you re looking for a movie which will touch your heart, this one should be at the top of your list. The dinner that lady 
the zone. into the twilight zone a box set too own too add too your collection. go on and buy it. tks. great fun for the whole family, tks  
Charlie Kaufman is a Genius, Pt. 1. Unlike probably most Being John Malkovich fans, I actually saw the later Kaufman-Jonze collaboration Adaptation first. I thought, and think, that that movie 
Must see for those confused about alien acceptance. Aliens,whether they be from outer space or from across the border are greated with animosity rather than an attempt to understand and 
Still SCARY After All These Years. I have fond memories of being terrified watching THE MILLION DOLLAR MOVIE on TV in NY. The Crawling Eye is great fun to see 
Thirsting For A Thinker of a Film? Try This One. Thank You For Not Smoking is one damn sharp movie! This movie ends before it starts, its one of those 
the hum-bie mind. this movie is unlike any other zombie film ive come into contact with, its a psycholgical movie that the lead character happens to be turning zombie.the effects 
Olivia Newton John Gold vol 1 2. The DVD is fantastic with great footage but disappointing in the fact it is in black and white, otherwise a great bu  
Set It Off Review. The is the best movie I have ever seen dealing with the following themes: Friendship, Loyalty and Trust. Even though the movie is about crime, these 
 We all need a mirror once in a while to see who we are . Memento is the ultimate whodunit mixed with time-space conundrums. It swallows up the competition 
Not enough Will Gibson movies, but this is a good one. This is a very good, intelligent B-movie in the science fiction realm- especially if you have ever enjoyed some 
Brilliant Show!. I adore this series. Wonderful cast, great writing and execution . . . it s just brilliant. I wish I could give it ten stars!  
Peter Pan DVD. This is a great musical for kids and grownups alike. This version is vastly superior to the Disney production. The charming melodies by Mark Charlap and Julie 
no real bonus features. on the 2nd unnecessary discall there are are deleted and extended scenesproduction notesand original trailerthats itno anatomy of a sceneor best picture acceptance speec  
already had. I love the Vicar of Dubley....however I already had Series 2 and didn t realize it...so more then a week ago I I returned it and have not 
Great Find. This Movie was very hard to find. Found it in DVD an it was new  
A Story Worth The Whole Nine Yards. If there is one war story to keep on your shelf besides Saving Private Ryan, this is it.The story starts with a lawyer 
 I m just killing what I can t take care of. . Spun follows the lives of several methamphetamine addicts through their wasted, roller coaster days, but this is 
Ritchie Forever!. The day the music died was indeed a tragic day in the world of Rock n Roll and for any youngster who followed the music. Gone forever were 
Deneuve, Bowie, Sarandon, Bauhaus...sigh. A product of it s time, this is a super stylish meditation on aging, love, terminal illness and perfect hair. Bowie is gorgeous. Deneuve is ageless, 
Ahead of its Time. HELP hit theater screens in 1965 in glorious color -- or colour, if you prefer. The previous year s A HARD DAY S NIGHT had budget 
Wow!. Ike & Tina Turner - Live In 71 - even in this cut state - is probably the only full-length Ike & Tina concert available on DVD today, so 
A bit formulaic, but excellent for Shakespeare classes. Shakespeare s Hamlet is the real star of the comedy Renaissance Man . Many films have featured groups of social misfits who 
america live-live in central park. After seeing America live at a local club, this will be like being able to watch the show over,& over again. A great dvd, a 
Hilarious!. This is a must-have for Harvey Birdman fans. There s great commentary by Colbert and it includes a lot of great extras.  
A Very Imaginative Series. I enjoyed Jeremiah - The Complete First Season totally. I might be a little bit too much into Sci-Fi or Apocalypse type movies, but this series 
family fun. I bought this at Walmart in the 5.50 bin. It s definately worth it. I love Alexa Vega and the other girls all create a fun chemistry that 
The Name s Dalton. I m sure folks getting into Bond just skip by this one coz Dalton only did two films, and the assumtion is that his movies must 
Okay... The movie itself is what it is. I don t think most people would be finding this movie accidentally. It ll be people who already have seen this movie 
Reviewer: John Q. Public vhspreowner is a jackass. Ignore this guys reviews. He s an idiot. Must not have a life. Seems to mostly review obviously bad movies and books 
best western. High Noon and Gunfight at OK Corral are up there but this even without Frankie Laine s contribution has to be number one for me. I m obviously 
LOVE IT!. Our 3 year old LOVES this dvd! He is addicted to it. It s so great-characters talk to the kids on their level and make it fun without 
A Gem. A Truly Special Movie. 1984 s Ghostbusters is not only one of the greatest comedies, but one of the best movies ever made. Armed with an amazing cast 
A crime drama with a Cajun twist!. A true classic and a definite original for its time. Starring such movie icons as Dennis Quaid, Ellen Barkin, and Ned Beaty, this 
The Funky Monks. This DVD, IF I HAD IT, would be the pride of my collection. I ve seen it before and the quality is great, and the music, as 
The Carnality of Youth. LIKE A BROTHER The Carnality of YouthAmos Lassen and Cinema PrideThere is something about the way the French make movies and make love. Put the two 
Not a bad movie. The story line was a typical love story. I didn t recall any bad language or mild language but one of the main characters did have 
early Cardigans concert on an amazing DVD!. On the DVDFirst Band on the MoonBeen It - US promo videoInteractive picture gallerySynopsisSwedish indie pop combo the Cardigans deliver a stellar performance 
Great!. Okay, I m not going to give you the whole premise of the movie, like most reviewers have been doing, but, this movie is VERY good.It s plot is 
Popular Princess Sing Along Songs. Here, as with most of Disney Sing Along Songs is a collection of beloved Disney songs with their memorable sequences in the animated classics.In this 
Exuberant And A Little Dated, With Doris Day, Carol Haney And Choreography By Bob Fosse. Some people don t care for Doris Day; others love her. Personally, I think she 
A 5 for the movie and a 2 for the transfer. I ll just review the movie. If you want to know how it really was after the fighting stopped 
Tracey-Hepburn Keeper. Though a little dated this is definately a keeper for Tracey-Hepburn fans. Not as well known as many other of their films, their chemistry is still great and 
I liked it. Richard Gere was totally unlikeable through about the first 3 4 of the flick, he was contemptuous and contemptible, and I couldn t shake the feeling that 
Springtime is dreamtime. Put two top comics together like Gene Wilder & Zero Mostel and you ve got FUNNY,FUNNY,FUNNY.A plot to make lots of money by producing a Broadway play 
Two Moon Junction. Pretty hot with some plot. Hadn`t seen Sherrilyn Fenn in this type a role before. Realistically, she`d probably kept the pretty boy and the cash, but then 
One Of The Best Films About Film Spectatorship. Peeping Tom s impact remains resolutely undiminished in the 47 years that has seen it go from reviled and despised horror film, 
better than i had expected. i picked this movie up merely for a shallow fact that i had heard comparisons to lost boys. when it first started, i thought it 
A Review of the Revolutionary - Johnny Tremain. This fictional story brings to life the story of an adolescent who lives during the time of the American Revolution and the 
THE LAST TRAIN HAS LEFT. `Dark City strikes a chord in my disturbed soul.You are asleep and talking to yourself in a voice that sounds like you re breathing your 
Little Man Grows Large. Best movie I ve seen in years. Typecast dwarf emerges as big complex character as he moves from big city to small town and we find 
Better than Tombstone. I don t care what others think, I believe that it s acceptable to compare this movie to Tombstone, starring Kurt Russell. I do not believe they 
Excellent movie. I loved this movie!! I watched it twice on television the other day! Eddie Bracken was extremely funny! I met and worked with Mr. Bracken in 1991 when 
Good basic work out. First, let me preface this review with the fact that I didn t workout regularly pre-pregnancy. I ve been blessed genetically, and that combined with a 
A Satanic Lansbury Dominates a Prescient, Still Mesmerizing Masterwork. For those who only know Angela Lansbury from her Disney connection and her twelve years as TV s Jessica Fletcher, her 
One dimension, or maybe two. Rather than adapting the genre of cartoon to film, this movie adapts film to cartoon, as explained in the extra features part of the DVD. 
wonderfully pastoral film. I love the way this movie moves like you are reading a book.It is a great family movie showing a different time and verydifferent way of life. 
Excellent Photography. I can t believe how this director can make simple and ordinary things seen so beautiful.Despite the fact that I didn t like the end, the story is 
Il Divo Encore. very interestng and charming comments about each other and the music is fabulous  
Christmas Joy. This movie is too funny, the scene at the abc store and the sisters . That s all I m going to say this is a must have 
Classic!!! Movie: 5 5 - DVD: 4 5. This is one of those movies with high replay value pretty rare nowadays ; you can watch it over and over again 
thats the sound of the man clappin that thing. a great documentry on 50....It shows you how nice rappers kan b  
Great Fun for Reno Fans! Light on extras. `Empire of the Wolves , a French film directed by Chris Nahon and starring the perennial French film star of choice, Jean 
If you have to listen to folk music, let it be this. I m delighted to see there aren t a string of 1 star reviews from people who don 
A gay Steel Magnolias . I would not say this is the very best movie I ve ever seen, nor would I say that these are typical gay people most 
 I think I ll have a large order of...prognosis negative! . Long Island socialite Judith Traherne, the central protagonist in Dark Victory is going to face certain death. She 
Good movie. This was a gift for my mother in law. She loved it. I watched the movie with her, I thought it was a good story  
I wanted to love this movie. Bought this for my fiance, the Mike Patton fan. We heard about it back when Dennis Hopper was going to be in it. Too 
A great way for the whole family to enjoy a classic. As a fan of old time Hollywood, I was eager to see that one of my favorite Laurel and 
Very cute!!!. This is a sweet and charming film; only the ending disappointed. The entire film and premise was so different from other romantic comedies, and the leads and supporting 
Late Cold War Drama. Dramas based upon the cold war have a long history stretching back to the 50s. Most of the good ones were from early in the era. 
Chisum. I am a John Wayne fan and this is a great movie. I have watched this movie over and over since 1970 when this movie first came out on 
Excellent Action Adventure. This is one of my all time favorites in the acton adventure category. It really is a must see about submarines. It is just really a stimulating 
Greatest American Hero - Utter Brilliance. I live in the UK. Hardly anyone I know has heard of this show - REASON: UK ITV only showed Season 1 and some 
AWESOME CONCERT- A MUST HAVE FOR ANY U2 FAN OR JUST ANYONE ELSE!!!. I am a huge U2 fan and this is the BEST concert I have ever seen. This 
r & B season 2. It s a shame they didn t use the original music during the credits. Jay Ward didn t own the rights to the music and 
Improve your salsa and have more fun on the dance floor!. My wife and I didn t start dancing until our 50 s. We took group lessons on and off 
Where the heck are we?. F Troop is classic television from my youth. The zany situations that the troop finds itself in each week are hilarious. The scheming Sgt. O 
Great DVD at a great price. This video is at least 4 hours long. I keep finding more every time I watch it, in the teaching and in the DVD 
Eureka - they have found Archimedes long-lost, most important treatise. This is an utterly fascinating documentary. Not only does it help cast Archimedes in an even more important light than 
Newman responding to the occasion with his most creative performance... Director-scriptwriter Robert Rossen provides a realistic glimpse into the dirty world of the pool hall, and makes it a battleground 
DARYL is a Great movie with polictical undertones. I saw this movie many years ago and just watched it again. The technology and plot were just as refreshing as when 
Money Train is sooooooo money!. I was a bit apprehensive going into this flick: I d loved Wesley and Woody s work in White Men Can t Jump and Wildcats, 
A very CHARMING movie!. If you liked Under The Tuscan Sun , you will enjoy this movie too. It is a romantic comedy filmed in the beautiful Italian town of 
Elvis Lives. For those of us who never saw Elvis live, I guess this is the closest we will ever come. Elvis looks great and sounds even better. The band 
One of Michael Redgrave s Great Roles. Michael Redgrave made a handful of movies, but was always thought to be the man who could be used in movies when Laurence 
Ride boldly ride.. A great movie however many times you watch it. I m glad I found it here  
Noel Noir -- No jolliness here just twisted humor. Charlie Cusack works as a lawyer for the city mob boss- Bill Guerard. It s Christmas and he and Vic Thorton 
Great Film. My favorite Hepburn-Tracy film. Not only the acting, but the rhythm and pace of the film and the actors. I ve seen it many times. The story line 
Great Movie, Poor DVD. The story is wonderful as other reviewers attest to. Its a shame that the audio and video quality is subpar by American standards. Much is also 
Excellent for all ages - It s not what you ll expect!. There are already great reviews giving previews of the movie so I ll not do that again.My son 
waterworld. One of costners shorter and better movies. Kind of gives a preview to global warming  
Forgotten 80 s ... Hiding Out has been hiding out from the funny 80 s teen flicks. It has been lost in between the Brat Pack and John Hughes finest, 
This was my first and so far favorite. I really like this video because of its time 30 minutes regular with 10 min bonus segment = 40 min total and 
Simply Amazing! Christina at Her Best!. This Christmas Special is a must have if you re a Christina fan or if you think shes untalented give it a look to 
offbeat mystery. If you like mystery s with a twist, this movie is pretty good.If you are offended easily by certain subjects, language, or sexual situations, I would not recommend 
You gotta shop at Huckabees!. Crude language, Wild philosophy taken to an extreme. The attitudes and language are what makes this movie rated R. Even though it may seem like 
The history of Cheap Trick in one concert. This is an awesome concert, and the full range of Cheap Trick s musical styles is showcased in front of their most 
everyting i wanted. absolutely the best dvd and the music is wonderful - so glad to have this dvd, previously had vcr copies which were very much inferio  
Some pearls to be found. The series has brings up many subjects, some quite profound. Others are fillers. But all are worth the purchase of this series.I this season three 
Good, but I d prefer a season dvd. Insomniac has to be one of the best shows on Comedy Central after South Park. Who wouldn t like to seea comic 
Strong movie, new twists. The Departed puts a new twist on classic cop gangster movies think Scarface, Goodfellas, Carlito s Way & LA Confidential with an all star cast Matt 
The more real science, the more convincing is the lone gunman conclusion. The defenders of the various conspiracy theories are clearly running scared. As more scientific technology becomes available, more 
Red Sonja is very, very good!. In the typical barbarian blood & guts fashion Red Sonja is a movie well worth purchasing and adding to your collection.  
Reba Season 2. This is the funniest show on TV. The writers keep the characters as close to a real family as possible. Who doesn t have at least one 
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!. I can t wait to see more of this. I m addicted to it. It brings back so many memories. My three children really 
Worth watching. Sean Connery And Zeta-Jones seemed an odd couple. But the actually compliment each other and create a chemistry which is not quite sensual but it makes the movie 
NO DOUBT ABOUT IT, THIS IS THE BEST CHRISTMAS CAROL YET. By far this is the best christmas carol yet, it gets you in the x-mas spirit immediately, from the 
Can we please have some MORE Jeeves and Wooster?. first of all, i d like to point out that the incident mentioned in the review by lupis1 takes place in 
Undead Lovers Buy. This definetly one of the best movies I have seen with the undead walking around. It gives you chills and cringes in all the right moments. No 
Christopher Walken Is The Greatest Actor Ever. Christopher Walken and I are the same age and come from the same neighborhood in Astoria, Queens, NYC. His father owned Walken s 
For what it is -- a darned good film. For all those reviewers here yearning for a comprehensive Oscar-winning documentary, knowing darned well this was just clips from Stewarts s 
A must have for Bogie & Bacall fans. This set is the center of my collection. All four movies are excellent examples of these two at work. From their best 
These four outrageous woman share one thing in common..... their desperation. Although the film is heavily stylized in gangland culture it s still very accessible. You could put this story 
Lady gardeners. Great gardens, likeable characters, good friendship, intelligent dialogue, interesting mysteries -- what more could you ask for? Maybe that there were more than 18 episodes!  
 This is Mrs. Norman Maine . This 1953 version is one of the great Hollywood movies. It is also the greatest film performance of one of the greatest of 
You Sell Any Universal Remotes Here?. It probably won t take the smartest person to realize that my review of a Adam Sandler movie won t be the most unbiased 
The DVDs were good. But they kind of strayed from scripture with Samson and Delilah, important events were omitted. Too much time on non-scriptural characters  
Serpentine! Serpentine!. This is, quite simply, one of the funniest movies ever made. For those used to Peter Falk as Lieutenant Columbo, watch him master the comic genre in his 
Everything you could ask for in an intelligent action thriller. I have no idea why I had never heard of this movie before because Ronin is a whale of a 
Prime Suspect 1 and 2. This is the very best series I ve ever seen. It is addictive in the best possible way  
 They re birds, aren t they? . The Birds 1963 is a film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, and that fact alone should be enough to make you want to 
Great gift for a movie buff. Many hours of great movies and a few not-so-great but definitely something for everyone. A great gift for the movie buff in the family 
I love this movie!!!. First of all I was a kid in the 80 s and love everything about the 80 s. I am now 25 and still love everything 
So many powerful lessons, so little time... Wow! What a fantastic movie! I ve seen this movie two times and would see it TWO HUNDRED times! The story was true 
X-mas Classic. This is One of the biggest christmas classics of all time.. It s a christmas tradtion in my house to sit and watch this movie with the family.. 
MANDATORY VIEWING FOR SKATER s!!!. This is one of the best documenterey s I have ever seen , on any subject!!Take a look to the PAST of skateboarding and surfing 
The evolution of a thief. Pickpocket is director Robert Bresson s simple tale of the unfolding of the emotionally withdrawn existence of a young man, Michel, who has adopted the 
The Golden Age of Piracy Brought to Life. National Geographic s documentary on Blackbeard the Pirate is one of the best I ve ever seen on the subject. It brings 
Terrific Time Travel Tale. Stories of traveling through time are always fun, and should be just that since the physics and potential long-term repurcussions of time travel and causing changes 
Clark Gable in San Francisco. THis is a great movie to have in your collection. Plenty of old fashioned action and the earthquake in San Francisco is very well done 
A tale of media. On the lines of Wag the Dog, but nowhere near as powerfully satiric dark, is 15 Minutes. The basic undercurrent of the movie is the theme 
Great Story, good movie, bad special effects. The story revolves around Jean Valjean. He is sent to prison for 5 years for stealing a loaf of bread. Time is added 
fantastic broadway musical and drama. great casting, dancings and performance. well, if you keep abusing yourself, nobody can save you. this so talented broadway genius simply couldn t himself to 
My all time favorite one. i love this one it is the best one i can watch it over and over again the only one thats better then this one 
Fun. Very fun movie from start to finish. Cute actors, great storyline, nice direction. There is some room for improvement, but overall I enjoyed it very much. Putting it on, 
Surprisingly effective throwback to the epic musicals of the 60s. Evita is a real throwback to 60s epic filmmaking, an incredibly spectacular adaptation that manages to be both stylised and 
Billy and Mandy is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. THE GRIM ADVENTURES OF BILLY AND MANDY IS MY MOST FAVORITE SHOW,WELL NEXT TO SPONGEBOB.BUT ANYWAY THEY FINALLY MADE A BILLY AND MANDY MOVIE CALLED 
Dream-haunting...soul-stoking. If you like a film,where all the characters have so much depthyou can empathize with their actionsbased on their experiences and circumstances.A film that spikes your imagination, haunts your 
Lots of chuckling. I picked this up based on some of the reviews I got here. I have to say that it s been a lot of joy, but some 
Not bad at all. I was never that conviinced by the first season of Enterprise which is why I never really followed it up. Then I decided to go for 
On target. This was actually an instructional video. This was what we were looking for and are very pleased with this video.  
No day but today!. I absolutely love this film. It is one of the best ever. I have been dying to see it on Broadway, but haven t been able 
ADVENTURE, ROMANCE, & THOSE PESTY KILLER ANTS!. A furious sound of jungle drums roars as the map of South America sweeps onto the screen. This is how The Naked Jungle 
Still goin strong!. This season has the Simspons still at their peak. Very enjoyable over and over again  
A Great Cult Classic!. I read somewhere that there is an estimated 12 to 15 per cent of the world s population that have been born with some sort of 
The Importance of Being Earnest. Oscar Wilde. In a perfect world, I d be able to stop typing with those two words and you d know what I m on 
One of the most unique, moving, and poetic science fiction films ever made... This film really doesn t get as much attention as it should. I was recently watching clips 
A forerunner to Dirty Harry and Lee Marvin shining... If you liked The Getaway or Dirty Harry , then meet their forerunner. Point Blank is explosive, fast-paced, and still the 
If you re a parent,, you ll love this movie. Saga of an early 20th century British family whose youngest son is tried and convicted of stealing at a military 
Perfect!. This DVD is perfect for any No Doubt fan. It has tons of great videos that span the length of No Doubt s amazing career. And it has several 
Magic Carpet Ride. A heart wrenching performance. It was half over with when I realised there was a tear in my eye and the ice in my un-touched drink had 
It s even better than the original movie. I have been a huge fan of this movie since it hit the big screen in 1983. I was a little skeptical 
Excellent Season--if watched in the correct order!. ABC switched the order around to highlight episodes that they liked best--that means that Sydney s anger comes and goes without reason in 
Remarkable with Weir s touch of class!. The fine eye and immense talent of Peter Weir have placed him in a very special status at the moment of scrutinizing the 
Less Than Six Degrees of Separation. CRASH is a movie about race and ethnicity in L.A. However, the film is more than that. It s also a movie about how 
For unpolitically correct laughs.... The humor may not be for everyone, but we thought it was absolutely hilarious! It really isn t a Pamela Anderson roast - the comedians are 
WHERE ARE MY ELEPHANTS!!!!!!!!!!. So I decided to take someone who does not ever watch martial arts movies to see this and with Tony Jaa coming in with that flying 
Good baseball Flick. This movie is about a baseball scout who finds a player at the last minute just before he is released by the new owner of the team. 
Dream Theater : Live At Budokan . Let me start by saying this. I m not a huge DT fan, in fact I only really like one of their CD 
The last picture show review. A fine picture about life in a small Texas town. Easily a classic if they would give the added footage back to the directo  
 Who says we cope? . Philip Larkin wrote that there are two kinds of people: book Bond lovers and film Bond lovers, and that these two warring camps of 
AMAZING STORY. This is an excellent real story movie, very good performances, a master piece of ar  
Prepare to be Changed Forever. This is a movie unlike anything you have ever seen before.The concepts and possibilities it presents are life altering.The presentation is entertaining, educational, and enlightening.Not 
Sad but true -- great music. Let s Rock Again! tells the story of Joe Strummer, a man who ended up having to remind the world that I was in 
love the theme!. My kids enjoyed this movie - a cartoon.I enjoyed the music - especially the Theme from the Nutcracker Prince, Always Come Back To You. Does ANYONE know 
I love the three sex scenes. A guy named Jason as a little boy he saw his daddy named Man Dog who s a vetinam veteran beating his mother then 
Cool Movie. This is an awesome movie. Much better than Start Trek 1. Too bad they could not make it a 4 hour 2 part move with Recardo in both 
Riverdance spectacular. This is a show one can watch again and again. The setting, the music and dancing are all superb. Very well done, but not overdone, it is sure 
Excellent movie about a real hospital with history. I was very impressed with this movie. Especially when I went through the special features. What I found out was totally amazing. 
Beautiful, moving, unique. Together certainly is one of the best films ever, and this makes it hard to write a review. Good movies capture more than we can put into 
Classy horror. The Ring is that rare animal, a remake that actually manages to be as good as the original, although there are differences between the two films.The plot concerns 
A top pick. Fans of all ages probably recall The Prisoner, Patrick McGoohan s 17-episode British TV series which debuted in America in 1968 and earned an instant cult following. 
A very good movie for guys and girls. Can men and women truely just be friends without sex getting in the way? That s the question the movie, When Harry 
lucy forever. after more than 50 years Lucy makes me laugh as the first time or maybe more, after more than 50 years of tv comedys we can apreciate that 
Shape-up, The Fun Way!. Over 13 music videos with amazing special effects. My favorite is Boom-Boom. Anyone who s looking for a fun way to exercise has to buy this 
A high point in American cinema. For one who has never had the chance to se this luminous film, you have a rare treat in store. Lorraine Hansberry adapted her 
an enjoyable feel-good movie. I was afraid this movie was going to be a career versus family story. It isn t. It s a career-only versus career-with-family story. It seems 
fitness with a flair. I find Kathy Smith a refreshing fitness guru, she creates a fun atmosphere in her studio, treats her group personnally and above all is always informing 
The Pistol - The Birth of a Legend. Great story of a relationship between a father and son.This film can be enjoyed by all of the family, even ifyou are 
must-see. this documentary takes you inside the robin hood hills case, and for me it made me doubt the outcome and imprisonment of the three teenagers. it is honest, graphic 
great!!!. another good movie by jackie chan.. great stunts and fighting..look for the scene where jackie falls off a clock tower!! damn the man is crazy.. the movie may be 
Should have been Best Movie in 1984!. Great film. It got ripped off by not winning the oscar for best film of 1984. It was the best film that year 
Para Hispano Parlantes. Recib este dvd el Lunes 7 de Noviembre. Vena suelto en su caja pero despus de limpiarlo me d cuenta de que no estaba rayado. Aunque la 
Amazing visual effects and solid acting make up for second-rate sound. Tim Burton offers the most charmingly off-beat yet visually sumptuous movies in Hollywood. From his stop-animation work The Corpse 
Great Movie About a Great President. I have always been fascinated by Harry S Truman since seeing James Whitmore in Give `Em Hell Harry! This is a film about his 
Since you went away. I am a Shirley Temple collector, movie was great. They do not make good movies anymore like they use to. She is my favorite actresses. I 
Great Old Movie. Purchased it for my 30 year old daughter... Scared her good.. Great Old Movie  
Wonderful!!!. This is a quality video. The photography is great could use more on the FEET, however . Good story and the dancing is terrific  
Never return to old places. Never, ever, come back to the place where you have aged. For one reason : you will never want to go away again, because you 
Experiencing the death of someone close to you. helps put you into a proper perspective for viewing this film. I would probably say, at least from personal experiences, that s 
Rob Reiner s Best. The Princess Bride is 1 hour and 38 minutes of excellent entertainment. It is based on the book of the same name, which is worth checking 
Worthwhile to see Seinfeld s evolution from the beginning. If these 17 episodes were all that existed of this show, it probably would not be such worthwhile viewing. However, considering 
Much better than I recalled - last worthy entrant of the series. Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth When it comes to the Hellraiser franchise the first two are considered classics 
One of the Best Comedies Ever. Great movie no smut no porno no swearing no crudity just great comedy from the old time comedians. Recommend it for family. Hollywood doesn 
The Fall And Rise Of One Man Amid The Splendor Of The Stuart Court And The Muck Of The Outer World. When the dictatorial regicide and would-be genocidal warlord Oliver 
Don t talk about queens on the 4th of July, please. Hailed as Clint Eastwood s masterpiece up until Million Dollar Baby came out, Unforgiven has been very hyped. How 
Try It!. The Dark Corner has a great noir opening scene in a dank private investigator s office, hard by grim elevated subway tracks in New York City. The P.I., 
Brilliance from amongst the trifles. The newest processes of the day may be called ancient by today s standards, but the significance of Fantasia lies in its greatness. It is 
Delightful Sitcom Bears Ozu s Depth and Then Some. Flatulence seems to be an odd way of lending a framework to a film, but leave it to filmmaking master Yasujiro 
Comprehensive. The boys take the stage on their hometown for a silver anniversary concert and pull out all the stops. Guest stars abound along with a host of other musicians 
High Quality. An excellent DVD with great bonus features such as different camera angles and extra music videos. Would have been nice to see the song non-entity in some form 
Dark Love Story. This film should be up there on your need to watch list. It s a brilliantly casted and wonderfully scripted story of blind love. When Luis Bandaras 
Classic Western Movie with an outstanding actor. This John Wayne Western movie is great.I intend to make it a part of my DVD libraryincluding other Western classics.  
Tony Jaa is the superman of martial arts today. I have never seen such amazing martial arts stunt work as I saw in this movie. Tony Jaa is like some 
One of his best. Although in my opinion this movie still doesn t top Drunken Master II, which is still my favorite Jackie Chan movie, it is one of his 
AWESOME SHOW. I love Law & Order SVU and Criminal Intent. These two shows and CSI Vegas and NY I can watch over and over. I liked the original Law 
Great!!. This workout is really good in my opinion. It is very squat-intensive. The reasons I like it are:- Although when you first watch it, it seems simple and rather 
Almost All the King s Men. A brilliantly acted movie with an exceptional script and direction. The only failing I personally found is that at the end I felt no 
World s Greatest Lover. Wonderfully humorous and cute story line. Gene Wilder is always a good movie choice  
Katie s Cute. Katie Holmes is wonderful as April in this modern-family faces adversity, drama-comedy. The down and gritty Upper East Side is home to Tom Cruise s paramour. No 
Excellent. The packaging was great and the service was excellent, very fast.Thank you  
Peaceful, Effective Yoga. I just recently bought this DVD and I am so pleased. I teach yoga and everyone seems to be moving towards power yoga . I found this 
The Soccer Buddy You ll Ever Get!. This DVD has soccer drills coming at you like a hard hit corner kick. The format is excellent with good explanations and very 
You make me feel so good. A female centered Western - this movie kicks butt. I saw this as a teenager when it came out in 1994. Madeleine Stowe, Mary 
about the film movie 91 2 weeks................. Let me explain in shoirt about this review is that the story is basically about a woman knowing a man and then have 
Charming Story - Outstanding Animation - Good Family Movie. Set in the suburbs of Tokyo, Whisper of the Heart is a story of finding ones place in the real world 
Not for Kung Fu Hustle Fans. Ok I have seen three Stephen Chow movies. God of Cookery, Shaolin Soccer, and Kung Fu Hustle. Kung Fu Hustle is by far the 
Rio Bravo is superior to El Dorado. Rio Bravo and El Dorado both star John Wayne and were produced by Howard Hawks. The story lines are very similar but Rio 
 We will not be free until we rest! 381 days that shook the U.S. In December 1955,Rosa Parks wilfully refused to give up her seat to a white man 
Suspenseful. This movie starts a little slow, but builds quickly into a suspenseful thriller. Bridges does an excellent job playing a psycho and masterfully pulls off that little thing that 
After Katrina, the memory of a once-existing city. No doubt all the wood frame structures that exist in the floodedresidential streets of New Orleans will be bulldozed over. The scenes 
Several not at all legal statements on the subject of fun. While in a final season, &quot;ze goofy funsters&quot; are still as creative as ever. Cleese is notably missing in 
Complex, lovely, and memorable. This is a story of differences. Differences of opinions. Differences of lifestyles. Differences of life paths. I could tell that this film was based off of 
Can we get this guy for president?. I m starting to think that the number one requirement for the job of president should be acting experience. We seem to do 
Sweet. Low budget, low effect, and silent...but they deliever better then anyone the Lovecraft story...I ve seen almost every Lovecraft type movie out there...other then The Thing by John Carpenter... 
It s supposed to be funny - and it is!. Being Scottish, maybe I m biased but this is a brilliant, laugh out loud funny , film. I looked at 
I like it some. Hell, I bought it didn t I? I recommend any funny show, especially when challenging, you know: really frees up the humor glands. Get over your 
Great Movie. This is one of my favorite movies now, no exaggeration! I have seen it 6 times in the last week, and thats only because 3 of those times 
A movie that surreptitiously expresses more than you watch at first sight!. Around the well known sociological fever that invaded minds and afforded fruitful markets in the fifties about the 
A study of the human condition.... Call me weird, but this show is almost a study of human nature. It vividly portrays the many possible ways humans will react when 
Love this show but the volume on the DVDs messed up. Not sure what the problem is with the volume sound quality but, I had to turn it up quite 
A must see movie. Thought it was a fantastic, fun and very emotional movie. The best movie I have seen since Brokeback. It will grab you in the first 2 
classically gilliam-styled humor. I watched this movie back when i was about 12 or 13 and thought it was one of the funniest things i have ever seen in my 
Add Batman, 007, Men in Black and blend. Big O is like I said above, a perfect blend of Batman: The Animated Series, James Bond, and Men in Black. The 
The score is GREAT. This has long been one of my favorite films, so it is gratifying to see so many others also appreciate it.However, to Ryuichi, I must really 
Not perfect, but then who is?. A number of people have mentioned in various ways that this movie sends a mixture of messages out. One really blaring one is shouted 
Surprisingly Good. This movie is better than I expected. I thought it would be really corny and dumb. But it was really good actually.The Chinese actors in this movie really 
Great show hits its stride. Newsradio boasts an excellent cast backed up by fantastic writing. The show never resorts to miscommunication-driven plots I hate so much about most sit-coms. All 
Raunchy, rowdy and fun. A purposefully crass, low-brow, yet engaging Western comedy-drama featuring Kirk Douglas as a ne er-do-well, debonnaire robber whose half-million dollar heist lands him in a miserable 
Wow...not what I expected. I had heard a few friends talk about this movie, but none of them told me what it was about, and since I rarely watch television, 
A Ray of Hope for tomorrow. As a child of 9, who had recently lost her 30 year old father to cancer, I viewed this movie about 6 times in 
Infernal Affaris... While watching this movie, I asked myself the following:1. Would crooks stick a mole in the police department?2. Would the police stick a mole into an organized crime 
Mark truly know s how to act, and look s good doing it. It s gotta be the army clothes, that makes it more appealing to anybody who hasn y 
One of the Greatest Horror Films of All Time. The Silence of the Lambs is a brilliant work of art. It is one of only three films to ever win 
One of the best seasons ever!. WARNING: SPOILERS!!In this season, there is a man with only 1 leg, Chad, a 60 year old woman making it to the final 3, 
Not bad at all!!. Not the best comedy I ve seen, but nonetheless delivers the laughs - It s funny - I liked it!  
Prequel Best In the Series. I purchased this film hoping for an action film along the lines of the first two entries in the series. What I got was an 
The best concert dvd EVER!!. Every song on here is incredible!! Comfortably Numb s solo is INSANE, and it has the ball drop down and shining light!!! OMG!!! insane!! get 
Impressive despite Historical Liberties. This film still looks impressive after five years just for its recreation of the actual attack on Pearl Harbor. In the face of historical liberties and 
A Decent Horror Movie. This is a decent movie, but it s not really based off of the game too well. None of the characters in this movie were ever 
Awesome movie!. This movie has affectionately received the title of The Lysol Movie in my house, because it has eliminated 99.9 of unnecessary garbage movies are filled with today. The 
i love an anime that has the word devil in it. A teenage girl name Yohko doesn t know it yet but, she s #107 in a long and venerable 
The DVD has the ABC s and 123s VHS as bonus episodes. For me, to have those on DVD, with Steve whom my 3 year old loves makes this DVD 
Great for what it contains. I was 17 that year, and later saw the film release. I liked it a lot. Now that I have watched the 3 disc set, 
Necessary as opposed to gratuitous. This review discusses the structure of the movie starting from the approach of a very important spoiler. Reader beware.When I first saw this, I felt 
The Saint - The Early Episodes - Set 1: episode listing. A&E doesn t list the episodes on the outside of the Set 1 box, or on their website, so 
BIG FUN AND LAUGHS! a gem of a b movie that looks a movie anyway . people complaining ~ i see that this isnt as big-budget etc. as, say, star 
A Kick in Ye Pants. Some movies never get the attention they should. My parents rented one of these this weekend. It was called Agnes Browne and was actually based 
Hilarious show!. I watch this show and laugh at the outrageousness of Renos Finest . Good quality production dvds with clear picture and nicely packaged, better then watching it on 
Paranoid fantasy -. - or simple documentary of modern life? I ve had my doubts.Kafka s story builds an atmosphere of mystery and confusion, a sense that there are huge 
Great Fun. I recommend this collection to anyone who loves movies, especially musicals. It is wonderful to see my favorite musical stars in their heyday. The liner notes don t 
More Than Just Dancing. Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights is a movie that uses music and dancing as a language to connect two young teenagers in the midst of a hectic 
It was ok. I once read something King had written about himself: when I get a bad review, I just kill a old ladie or a kid.Well when I saw 
My single Favorite Film. Se7en is not only my favorite film of all-time, but the one of the few films that gave me hope for the future of filmmaking. I 
Steal This Book; Woodstock Nation - It all comes to life!. It seems a long time ago ... the 60s do. I grew up then, protested the War then, and 
accidentally a historic moment... Can t sing. Can t act. Balding. Can dance a little. Hollywood legend has it that that was the report on Fred Astaire s initial RKO 
ER is such an awesome show!. I love ER, its one of the best shows on TV, if you like waching operations, and drama, and relationships on tv, then u 
understanding death?. I was thrilled when I discovered this gem on a cable tv movie channel. I recorded it because I was fairly certain there would not be a second 
Stiff Upper Lip Action Adventure. ZULU is a good stiff upper lip Military action adventure film directed by Cy Endfield. The battle sequences and their buildup are spectacularly staged. This 
These Cats Can Still Rock.... This DVD is great, if you want to see Stray Cats in action playing all of there best songs such as Rock This Town , 
Great. Given as a xmas present. My daughter was very happy. Thanks for the speedy delivery  
Great Looking DVD Release. This is much better than the previous DVD release. The old release seemed foggy and had too much blue in the picutre. This release is vibrant 
love the spin off of terms!. very moving and great spin off of terms of endearment she had a hard life as I had  
My favorite movie. I know there have been hundreds of comments posted regarding this movie, but I just had to post yet another one because people should always comment on 
Dazzling. This is a spectacular Concert Event DVD, with dazzling light show, and awesome video recording tech. The eclectic group of musicians are wonderful individually and as a group, and 
 Murder! That s what this dirty rotten politician s war is. . Howard Hughes big-budget World War 1 classic has never looked better in this beautifully restored dvd edition. 
That justice that should be for all !. This film is a true story. It is important for you to know that because some of the facts and reactions seem 
It s all about Pam. While plot synopsis are usually helpful, it is almost totally irrelevant with V.I.P. Almost all of the episodes are horribly directed, and with a noticeably 
More please. This is a blatant rip-off of The Blue Lagoon, which I would normally find reprehensible. Since Phoebe Cates appears nude in this, however, I will overlook it. The 
Finally...................... Young Lady Chatterly has come back to video on D V D ! The DVD is the original uncut x-rated version they used to show on Cinemax and Showtime 
Cute. I Love Romantic Movies And This Is The List Topper On All Extents Of Cute Movies. I Love Julia Stiles. She s A Great Actress. Every Hopeless Romantic Should 
 Am gonna be on Television !!!! . A deeply emotional film about Addiction, Love, and Family just to some, but when you watch this film you take something with 
A classic horror-comedy from one the producers of Night of the Living Dead. Return of the Living Dead has to go down as one of the funniest and inventive take 
Smallville Review. Not only are all the main characters talented beyond belief, but they are also perfect for their part. The writers couldn t be doing a better job, along 
Red Garters. Very good, quite enjoyable light entertainment. The acting and the songs were great  
Saves You Money!. I highly recommend this DVD for beginner dancers who want to learn the proper way to lead & slow dance your partner on the dance floor. Shawn 
highly recommended. if you are expecting to be scared out of your pants - don t - this movie is not scary but more suspenseful. it is a great movie, 
Great movie, easy purchase. I was trying to introduce my boyfriend to this movie, but Netflix sent a broken copy with a horrible skip right near the denouement - that 
Epic movie that gets better year after year. They just don t have movies like this anymore. This is not a movie that makes Charlie Sheen or Tom Berenger appeal 
A great new Collector s Edition. If you really love The Silence of the Lambs , then this is the best edition you could find though, nowadays it s also 
Fly No Further. If you are looking for the difinitive theatrical version of Lord of the Flies , here it is. All essential thematic elements are included without laboring over 
THE MAN WHO KNEW TOO MUCH. EXCELLENT HITCHCOCK MOVIE, BUT THEN ALL HITCHCOCK MOVIES ARE.JAMES STEWART & DORIS DAY ALWAYS ARE GOOD IN ANY MOVIE.  
Excellent Marlene Deitrich Movies. If you like Marlene Dietrich, you will so love this collection!!  
Attention Red Sox fans:. As a life long fan of the Boston Red Sox I m 71 , this DVD is just outstanding!! I recommend it for Red Sox fans 
Has Heart. My mother had came in on part of the movie when my son made a comment. He shared how he really enjoyed the movie and would be a 
Bruce lee rocks. If you looking for a good Bruce Lee movie get Enter the Dragon . The first time I saw it I loved it. It s in English 
The Client. The is an excellent movie packed full of fine actors and a plot that grabs you immediately and doesn t let go. The young boy who stars with 
Great Vinyasa Yoga Video. This video is great for the beginners and the advanced beginners. I started taking a Vinyasa class and was unable to coordinate my schedule with class 
no title. Fine piece of work by Polish director who emigrated to France, and Juliette Binoche, who starred with Jeremy Irons in Damage . She was also the wife of 
Gives ALL ACCESS to the Backstreet Boys` best videoclips. This DVD is the best thing to buy for those who consider themselves to be real fans of the Backstreet Boys. 
Great movie!. This was a nice epilogue to the new Batman adventures.It looks like Gothum has a new hero. A mysterious Batwoman has taken an interest in defeating some of 
I can t wait to sell the old tapes and get it on DVD!!!!. I have a few of the old Real Wheels series on VHS and I want to 
A TRUE Harrison Ford Classic - also see Leslie Nielsen s Wrongfully Accused !. Ah, the hunt for the one armed, onelegged, one eyed man. Whoops, otherfilm! Seriously, the best 
Romantic Mercenary Epic. I recall seeing parts of this film when it was on TV years ago and i never thought too much of it at the time. I guess 
Lighthearted and Funny. Even though I haven t read the comic, I got a kick out of watching this movie. There are many funny moments that are candid and it 
J.R. i previously seen a clip from a friend, and i fell in love with Chris Botti s music style, so i purchased a package of 2 DVDs, and this 
Simply Nice Feel-Good Film That Is Beautifully Filmed. This was a very pleasant surprise, a nice movie with one of the simplest plots you ll ever see yet one that 
Watch this movie!. I have watched this movie more than just a few time. There is just something about this movie that I like. First of all, I am fascinated 
 jackal is a thriller of the first order. director fred zinnimann s day of the jackal is a rare movie,it stays close to the book and it treats it 
Good psychologic thriller. I can t understand how this title is not in stock now.I bought it just 2 weeks ago.The movie tells the story of a NY publicist Farrell 
By far one of the best movies out there. period. The Gift is a chilling tale set in the south written by Billy Bob Thornton, the talented man that also 
Enjoyable Reviting. This film, as many have expressed, was, indeed, wonderful. It gave a convincing depiction of what it could be like being black and gay with the unnecessary confusion 
 I am the bleepin king of Dirk! . Given that pornography is a multi-jillion-dollar-a-year business, it s sort of surprising that it hasn t received the cinematic treatment more 
King of the Wild Frontier. Walt Disney made five television shows about Davy Crockett with Fess Parker in the title role and Buddy Ebsen as his sidekick George Russel. You 
Entertaining, poignant and heart-warming. Driving Miss Daisy is about an elderly, well-to-do, widow named Miss Daisy Jessica Tandy , a retired school-teacher. Her son believes that she needs extra help 
Completely under-rated show. BRING IT BACK!. I ve got something to say! I loved this show when it first aired on Comedy Central back in 1999. I m surprised to 
Well done story on the special bond between sons and fathers. This is a nicely done story on the powerful bond between fathers and sons. After his father dies, young 
Action movie w character development. This movie just showed on the FX channel so I watched it after seeing it for the first time since it was first released on 
Excellent!. I m generally not a fan of war movies.I am little fuzzy-headed with the flu so I m not sure I can communicate my thoughts so that others can 
Very, very good!!!. This is a fun concert. Lots of songs from Blessed Hellride, great audio and video. I could have done wihout the computer effects stuff, but it s 
Probably the best film I have ever seen. One of the best film I have ever seen, and I have seen many  
Really?. I didn t notice it was a bad movie. All I saw was Johnny Depp. Seriously, it s a great movie. I think maybe people are forgeting this started 
Brilliant spoof on the western genre. High Noon in a Japanese peasant village, with Toshiro Mifune as a samurai who sells his services to two warring factions that are destroying 
Great Basketball Video. This is truly a great basketball video for entertainment or motivation for any age... I showed this during a birthday party to about 25 children 4th & 
Very Well Done. This mini series rates at least a 4 star rating. Very well done, fine performances by all. I particularly admire Stacy Keach in this movie.Fictional in nature, 
This is THE Brat Pack movie of the 80 s!. I begged to see this movie in 1985! I was only 14 but I knew I had to see it 
Mezmerizing...I tired, but failed to find something wrong... Why is it that British TV can be sooo grand at times? I rushed out to buy Second Sight after catching a 
A Family Coming Out Movie. This is a great movie about what can happen when we lie to our families. It is a wonderful movie with great acting, and plots. 
Young Hottie Older Hottie Cary Grant = Heat!. Perfect movie, very comical and sensual for its time!Others have reviewed Bach Bobby in much more depth than I need to, but 
Charlie Brown Christmas was a Great Christmas Gift!. I gave this movie to a co-worker who loves all the Charlie Brown classics that are shown on TV. She was thrilled 
The COMPLETE Alexander Salkind Production s SUPERMAN Movies. Following in the footsteps of the great italian movie maker predecessor Cecile B. DeMille and Dino DeLaurentiis as well who are known 
Tarheelers Just Don t Know... It s apparent that those who have the 1-star ratings for this video are not Duke fans and even some admit it . So, if 
An Excellent Adaptation of an Excellent Novel. David Cromemberg did an excellent job with the adaptation of Stephen King s novel, and Christopher Walken was superb in his portrayal of 
Mexico s official entry for this year s Foreign Film Oscar nomination consideration... For many priests, celibacy is a true vocation which liberates them... For others, it is a lifelong 
Time Tunnel. I enjoy most of the episodes of time tunnel. They are a bit over the top though since most episodes are not entirely historically correct. I enjoyed the 
DVD. Instructor on this DVD easy to follow.Like the fact that each segment is only 10 minutes long.Great product for the price  
Surprisingly Wonderful. . .Terrific!. I have seen Gun Shy 3 times on TV within the last week. It is absolutely chilling, outrageously funny, compelling, and shocking. Platt steals the movie. 
Set on location in San Francisco before the renovations . I disagree with most of the reviewers. I m not a David Caruso fan and, personally, I think he s 
 Choosing a way to die? What s the difference? Choosing a way to live? That s the hard part. . The Naked Spur was one of the very first 
The Robert Mitchum Signature Collection. This set includes the following titles: Angel Face; Macao; Home From The Hill; The Sundowners; The Good Guys and The Bad Guys; and The Yakuza. 
Happy Gilmore. Happy Gilmore is one of Adam Sandler s best movies.He becomes a golfer so he can try to winfirst prize, which is a lot of money  
Heartfelt Ford Masterpiece. When I was a college student, this film was shown as part of our film classic series. It was the first week of my freshman year. As 
The Cheetah Girls 2. This moive is about the Cheetah Girls going to Barcelona for a tour. Thecharters name are Keely Willams,Sabrina Braon,Adrian Baylon,and Raven Smoney. The Cheetah Girls 2 
Very Satisfied. I am very satisfied with my purchase. Homicide, Life on the street is one of the all time best drams series on TV and this set of the 
A magnificent set of magnificent movies. Wong Kar-wai is simply one of the best directors working in Hong Kong today, and in all the world, for that matter. His characters 
Want your kids to learn geography? Catch `em while you can!. That s an obelisk! We have to find those dragon kites! The big red balloon can t fly high 
Best Movie I ve ever seen. Yu-Gi-Oh! the movie is so cool. It s the best movie I ve seen about Yu-Gi-Oh!. I think that it s really awesome how 
This is the Authorized Release. Don t get thrown by the first two reviews that Amazon has posted on this page. This DVD is the authorized release and the quality 
an especially prescient film. This film has long been one of my Top Ten favorites for the quality of the acting and the screenplay, and for the importance of the 
Get Ripped to the Core is Awesome. As someone who is very athletic, I thoroughly enjoy doing this video and see the benefits on my body almost immediately. The segments 
Unique Kung Fu Delight. Steve Oedekerk the writer of the film BRUCE ALMIGHTY directed, wrote and starred in this quite silly kung fu spoof. Though one hesitates to call it 
Enjoyable characters and an exciting achievement - great family movie!. It s terrific that this movie has finally brought to a larger population the wonderful underdog story of the 1950 
This Film Really Takes You There. Directed by the Iranian Mohsen Makhmalbaf, Kandahar tells the story of the women s plight under Taliban rule in Afghanistan. The actors are so 
hands-down the BEST. The best DVDs I got, the intrigue, whodunnit, the characters, ... are all top-notch. Each episode is better than some of the big budget movies ... e.g. 
Another fine effort by Criterion. Once again, Criterion does a classic movie justice. The digital transfer is 100x better than previous versions available on dvd and the extras are strong, 
Hilarious show!. I watch this show and laugh at the outrageousness of Renos Finest . Good quality production dvds with clear picture and nicely packaged, better then watching it on 
Great instruction, great program, great FUN. This program is simply the best kid s program I ve ever seen. I really can t say a lot that hasn t already 
Say Hello to Tony. Scarface is the story of the rise and fall of Cuban refugee Tony Montana, who comes from the gutter and soon becomes a drug lord in 
What s Happening Wraps On DVD, Season 3 Great. A lot of people dog the final season of the popular series What s Happening. They claim the show wasn t 
Great Fun. Wow did they pack a lot of action into 2 hours back in the day! The movie is lots of fun, I enjoyed all of the characters and 
An overlooked, worthwhile comedy. It doesn t surprise me that not many people have ever heard about this movie, or have any idea it even exists. I myself didn t 
Disney rewrites Greek Mythology. What a shock, Disney changed a story when they adapted it to an animated feature. Hercules is representative of the whole Disney canon in this aspect. 
Mostly excellent, but questions arise... Like most people, I first encountered Morgan Spurlock through his hit documentary, Super Size Me, in which he goes on an all-McDonald s diet for 
Excellent Spaghetti Western for Django Fans. Strangers Gundown of 1968 does not appear in director Sergio Garrone s film bio, however Tre croci per non morire or No Graves on 
Delightful. I have a few friends who don t like cartoons . I guess they were brought up on Hannah-Barbara drek and it turned them off of the whole genre. 
Magnificent!. I watched this in 1992 when it was shown on PBS s Masterpiece Theatre , introduced each Sunday night by the late, great Alistair Cooke. The very tall Janet 
My #1 Favorite Movie. I LOVE this movie. You will not regret watching or purchasing this movie -- it is a classic. It s bittersweet, so don t expect to 
pink panther. i bought the items as christmas gifts, for my uncle , i asked just this week how he liked them , and he told me that he has 
Wow! A great DVD for a long time Kraftwerk fan!. I have been a fan of Kraftwerk since I was in high school in the early 80 s. I was 
Two Thumbs Way Up!. This movie is so full of charm and wit, it s amazing! Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks are awesome together again , but the supporting cast 
a classi movie. This movie was a big hit when it firs came out in the late 90s. A word of warning this movie has frequent cursing in mild drinking 
Great. This is by far the best Wiggles DVD. It is 90 minutes and is full of new songs as well as some traditional songs. My daughter is a huge 
The Carry on Collection. I m British from England originally. I was born in 1951, I believe the very first Carry on Film was around that year. I ve loved 
Parent trap DVD. the movie was delivered quick and in great shapelove this movi  
SIMPLE AND WELL REALIZED. The DVD KARA MONACO - 2006 PLAYMATE OF THE YEAR is simple, agreable and well realized. The original shooting of Kara Monaco is short about 30 
the mind of a maniac. for a movie such a this, i was pleasantly surprised at the realistic qualities it held. at first i was skeptical with david duchovny s 
You don t like movies if you don t like this. After watching this movie one Friday night I immediately watched it again. Did I just see that was my 
GOOD&lt; GOOD&lt;GOOD. I have this movie on VHS but I wanted the DVD. I could watch it everyday. Paul Newman is HOTTT!!!  
Memories from the living room rug. There s never any doubt with Sky who s gonna swoop down andmake the varmit pay. The four half hour segments hold trueto our 
the shining...with zombies, graveyards, and the supernatural. would it make me a super bore to say that i actually enjoy this movie? i mean, sure, the beyond and zombie are 
Infinitely improved by being on DVD. Now that Rattle and Hum is on DVD, the brightest moments shine so much brighter and the low lights are eliminated through the magic 
 I WANT TO DANCE! ~ Intense Spirituality For The 21st Century. The Story of the Kumbh Mela in Hindu Mythology: Long ago the Devas Gods and Asuras Demons were 
A perfect film. Kurosawa s adaptation of King Lear succeeds in every way, and does so brilliantly: the visuals, plot, and score have no equals either individually or taken as 
Great Cardio But Falls Short on Strenght Training. I use this dvd to get my cardio workout in about 35 minutes but if its strength training you are looking for 
The Rules of Attraction. This movie is laugh out loud fun. It s got just enough kinkiness to it for a guy to watch and just enough romance for a 
A solid, emotional page-to-screen translation of a young adult classic. Jane Yolen s The Devil s Arithmetic is a classroom fixture and a benchmark in young adult literature for its 
This is a must buy Box Set, that will sadly be dismissed by the casual movie TV viewer as a children s cartoon. This has to be one of the 
Great product as advertised!. I am very satisfied with the DVD set and the service of the seller. Delivery was fast  
wonderful set. I bought this set for my teenaged daughter - who really enjoys period films - she, I and my husband have all enjoyed them immensely. The Scarlet Pimpernel 
A great pun... Whether you love this movie or hate it, it s the source of one of the very greatest puns in the English language:Phil Moscowitz, to Shepherd Wong: 
VERY GOOD. This is a very good skate video. When I got it I already knew how to do most tricks it shows except the Kickflip, which it then tought 
Absolutely Essential!. Goes down in my favorite hip-hop videos of all time.My favorites are this, breakin, breakin 2, and freshest kids.This actually helped lead me into breakdancing. From there I 
Interesting. The reviews are about as interesting as the movie. Most people can find faults with the movie, yet most are intrigued by it at the same time. Some are 
Weak Script Story but interesting for what the censors let by. First the title. The Public Enemy leads one to think of such characters as he portrayed in White Heat 
Krush ur enemuhs und heer da lamentations of der weemen!. It s true that the packaging could be better, I wish it wasn t a double sided DVD, I really 
A classic CLassic that should have been a blockbuster today. Of all the movies they make today with absolutley no plot but so many special effects, its no wonder people 
X-Men Rock!. The 2 X-Men movies were probably the best movies I ve ever seen. They really got me hooked on the X-Men comics and I really wanted to find 
90 minute thrill ride. I am laughing at those 2 star reviews saying how AVP is destroying the Alien and Predator legacy because of its nonexistent plot. All I am 
Angel season 2, a perfect purchase!. I am a huge fan of Angel and Buffy the Vampire Slayer and I collect the seasons. When i saw how cheap this purchase 
Best Blakey Video Available!!. This is the best you will ever see by one of the greatest groups in jazz. Filmed shortly after therecording of Moanin , the biggest selling 
interesting. it was a verry interesting movie to find out what they pass by what to do in some way,it s a little difficult to understand but by seeing it 
The vision of the Archers. Black Narcissus, from Britain s brilliant director writer team of Michael Powell and Emeric Pressburger, is a genuinely erotic masterpiece about Anglican nuns in the 
Charlie delivers in full HD glory. This movie looks simply amazing! The color, texture and detail provided by HD-DVD are superb, this is a showcase title for the format. First 
great value. the DVDs are a little out dated, but that makes them funny. They offer a great workout and you get 3 DVDs for the price of one. I 
Malice DVD. Outstanding; I love this movie; great quality; prompt and easy order, shipping and delivery  
Howl s Moving Castle. The outstanding graphics and animation are typical of any movie from Hayao Miyazaki. The story is entertaining, amusing and touching. I highly recommend this movie which 
One of the best films of the Hollywood Renaissance. Terrence Malick has acquired a tremendous cult following as an auteur, but this, his first film, is the only truly successful 
A couple of comments about previous reviews. Hello,I have not had the opportunity to view the DVD version of Fame yet but I plan to order it, so someday soon! 
This is IT!. This is IT! Really, Really, REALLY! THIS IS IT! The only way to really be there again these days. Not just a time capsule---it s a time 
Ouchie!. This is a seriously good workout. I don t really feel the ab workout until the instructor gets to the floor portion and then you really, really start to 
oh so good!. The DVD came on time, in the right kind of container, and with nothing missing from the DVD. I found it a lot better to buy things 
Definatly not Clueless as to what to rate this move!. I loved this modern remake of Jane Austin s Emma. Clueless follows the life of protagonist Cher, who feels that 
WOW..... What a great movie......kills the Sopranos in all aspects, actually the Essex boys can kick Tony Sopranos butt.......This movie is the real deal, i ts as close to a 
Best of all dance videos. I have purchased a number of different dance video lessons in the past six year and have much to compare to. For this reason I 
Season Two here we go, Master!. Gladly for Jeannie fans Sony has wasted little time in releasing season two of this TV fave after the big success of season one. 
One more great title you can t get from Amazon. Batman Begins will be released Oct. 10th. Would you like to pre-order it? Well you can t from Amazon.If anyone 
Vampire buddy-cop movie set in Soviet-style world. That s mostly what you need to know about the movie - it s an intriguing notion. Vampires have recently announced their presence 
A little masterpiece. If you have read the great Flaubert novel and are expecting a film to equal it in its grandeur, then you may be disappointed. However, if you 
pleased. I enjoyed the way the movie was presented and the options contained on the dis  
Star Truck. Simply the best story development of any ST series, Enterprise began with all the naivete of a people first going where no-one had gone before, and learning how 
What s wrong with it?. Personally, I thought this was a great movie. Well written, full of twists and turns, and contrary to many of the reviews I ve read 
Good introduction. I practised Yoga for a few months before buying this DVD. I like it because all 12 postures are very well presented. My 4-year daugther likes it even 
sublime. If you liked previous seasons of this show, this is another winner. Although it s a bit sillier, the humor and wit is still as sharp as ever. This 
Jennifer Jones deeply prayerful performance silently touches the hearts of all who watched this beautiful film... Religious figures became big success in distinguished films like Going My Way, The Keys 
Heartmoving!. Everytime I watch this witty, funny, sad, tearful movie, I both laugh and cry. The acting is wonderful. Shirley Macclaine is a very lovable character along with the rest 
To Make A Mends. In the post WWII environment of Japan, the line between becoming a criminal and a cop was a very thin one. The prospect of upholding any 
In reply to so-called Movie Lover. This is in response to the inane and utterly wittless criticism of this classic and thought provoking movie: In my opinion, you should really 
Good movie. just looking at gerard butler riding horseback shirtless was worth the price-wow-aside from that the movie is a good one-good acting-informative-great casting-a must se  
80s nostalgia. These 2 films are 2 of the most nostalgic films for me from the mid-1980s. It had been a long time since I watched them, but they remain 
PAN S Masterpiece. I m a GMU student and they play second-run films at the University Mall. Tonight was the FOURTH time I ve seen PAN S LABYRINTH, a fanciful, 
Tim, el actor ms magntico. La pelcula donde ms podemos disfrutar de todo el atractivo del actor ms apasionado y apasionante de la actualidad. Es una lstima que no le 
Superb Movie-Well put together-Convincing. Out of 5 stars, I give it a 10. If you haven t seen it, you re missing the past two decades.The information is right on 
Super Mario movie!. This film is a blast! The action and FX are superb! Now i ll tell you about the characters. #1 Mario, Mario is good and perfect. #2 
BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT!!!. If you have any children in your house under 10, BUY THIS DVD SET!!!The Electric Company is absolutely the greatest educational program ever made 
CLASSIC HOKUM. Although this flick is essentially sheer hokum, THE CHAMP was made with such superb professionalism in all departments that it achieved record business in depression - stricken 1931; 
True love with no boundries and limits. This story is about real and true love! Seth gives up a perfect existance and does so of his own free will to 
classic old school sci fi. I think this is a classic story. Just goes to show that the latest whiz bang effects are not required to have a good story. 
The Inimitable DR. NO on the James Bond Ultimate Edition. We have all heard about `Product Placement especially in the James Bond films. Did you know it goes all the 
Impressive. The storylines and acting performances are tremendous. There were many a night where you want to watch only one episode, and get sucked into watching five. You will not 
on the fence, somehow. I watched this dvd in one of my classes and it left me feeling hoplessly hopeless!I really dont know what to think about the whole presentation. 
Recommended. This drama contrasts the transcendent nature of Miguel Pi?ero s art with the dark struggles of his life. The director seems to suggest that art gives the strength to 
Refreshing...intellegent anime. This series truly grabbed me. It s animation was beautiful, music catchy, and plot engrossing. I fell in love with Gravity end title song immediately. It was the 
Not just a rehash of The High School Reunion Collection. Okay...when I heard about The Brat Pack Movie and Music Collection I was pretty sure that it was probably just 
Nearly Perfect Political Satire. This 90-minute satire on politics in the age of mass media zips along for 75 minutes at a breakneck pace, sharp and witty and full of 
BRILLIANT TV VIEWING. This series portrays the Western Frontier in a very unique way. If extremely rude langauge and nudity offends you - do not watch this show. Some question 
Call Me Crazy .. But, Dam .. This Movie, Realy Good Movie .. Shot Me. I don t care what people say, I got it right off the bat, what 
Special Season. This is a season that will always be special to me because it is the one that got my hooked on Survivor in the first place. I was 
Bruce Dickinson Anthology. I feel lucky to finally have some of Bruce s material I ve seen him with Maiden since he replaced Paul D anno but I really like 
When Seattle meets New York. Sleepless in Seattle is such a cute and adorable romantic comedy. I can watch this movie over and over again and never get sick of 
High Quality Unheralded Slash Horror. While not quite reaching the status of the all-time greats of the slash horror subgenre like the best of the Halloweens or Friday The 13ths, 
Nemo nails it. Finding Nemo is an exceptional story about surrender and faith.While the film s deeper messages might be perceived as too advanced for children, it s presented in 
Entertaining Flick. In the late 1990 s something happened. Two movies came out. Neither was particularly well reviewed although a few respected critics did give them good reviews but despite 
Great value product. I m always looking for movies of from my past. This copy is clear and the sound is great. Yes the other one has a little extra 
great dvd. My husband was so excited to get this dvd. Very interesting. Great servic  
Excellent read!!!. I loved this book! It is a very simple story on the surface, but how the entire story is an allegory is fascinating. I think that people can 
By far one of the best movies out there. period. The Gift is a chilling tale set in the south written by Billy Bob Thornton, the talented man that also 
Calling All Crawford Fans! Where s Volume 2 ?. While the release of The Joan Crawford Collection was an eagerly anticipated event in mid 2005 along with the Bette Davis 
evil dead,great horror. first off reviewer stephen states his version is widescreen, well mine is full screen so maybe he got a bad one or something but don t let 
Brando, Nicholson and Penn deliver a knockout. The Missouri Breaks - A western unlike any you have ever seen!!Marlon Brando and Jack Nicholson team up and deliver one helluva of 
Cheesy Fun!. Forget Batman, this is the way a super-hero movie should be done. Incredible imagery some shots will take your breath away prevails in a film genre that traditionally 
Creo que es lo mejor de Dave Matthews Band en vivo , es excelente muy bueno. Muy buen  
Beautiful, heartbreaking, heartwarming treat for the soul. Braving what had to be enormously difficult conditions, the film-makers have done such a wonderful job of capturing the life of these incredible 
The myth of the killer ape. I really liked this movie and thought it was a great adventure film. In a way it is kind of like the movie Anaconda 
We have all been there. Whether the movie is accurate or not makes no difference. It was a interesting movie. Anyone who watched this movie and was not reminded of 
Fun way to jazz up your workout regimen. I have no dancing experience, but have enjoyed the challenge of this workout DVD. I find the dance number at the end 
disjointed and needed. i have lots of white friends and none of them know what it is like to be me. and to make things worse, i don t know 
Beware the chamber. As anyone who has ever read Plato s REPUBLIC will tell you, the concept of justice is not nearly so straightforward as we would like to believe. 
Pure Joy. I ve been a Rory Gallagher Fan since I first saw Him, as a member of Taste, open for Blind Faith at the Spectrum in Philadelphia in 1969. 
Made Me Laugh. Which says a lot. Not too many comedies do. But Martin Lawrence surprised me here and there. I actually ended up enjoying this movie, despite the fact 
This film impacts people on many levels. As a child, I watched this film in school, and as an adult, I yearn to impact my childreen with it. Dr. Seus 
better than the original. Kickboxer 2 followed up the first successful Kickboxer, but minus Van Damme. David Sloan played by Sasha Mitchell is now the focus, the apparent 3rd brother 
hypnotic. in retalliation the the review thing at the top, since when was the Yam supposed to be a dance craze? when were any of their dances supposed to be 
Ain t spandex great?. This is an HBO remake of the original 50 s 50 footer. Naturally there had to be some adjustments for the new era. However it still 
Close to perfect. I love that you can customize your workout--how cool is that! She demonstrates some very difficult poses which gives you a goal to work toward if you 
 such a great series!. ARGH! I can t stand it when people who have never seen the series rate it low because they don t like Michael Moore. Even 
Lots of fun, very long. The gang goes to Hawaii for a surfing contest and finds the area infested with vengeful tiki-monsters. Mostly fun, classic Scooby stuff and rather silly 
Laughing through my tears... Such a wonderful movie!Paul Pena the blues singer, blind from childhood, was thrown into depression by the illness and death of his wife. Living in the 
Sight comedy at its very best!. For the first time in about 30 years I have seen this movie on DVD. I am glad I own a copy of this. 
Accurate picture of rural southern life. I loved this movie and thought it was an excellent portrayl of life in a small, rural southern town. Amy Adams was a true 
2 Fast2 Furious. If you liked the first one, you have to like this one. It s good. It made me smile. It s funny but at the same time 
looney over this collection. i,like most people my age grew up watching these timeless bits of insane, inspired madness that was looney tunes.what we have here is the first of 
An incomplete farewell. NewsRadio s fifth and final season features Jon Lovitz as Max Louis. He was a replacement, NOT A RECAST, for Phil Hartman. Developing his character s weirdness 
You know it s a Classic. The 1970 s are widely regarded as perhaps the most artistically exciting era in film, and Taxi Driver stands as one of the finest 
THE last great Simpsons season. Mike Scully s reign of terror has begun!There is a theory that the best seasons of the Simpsons are its single-digit seasons. While I feel 
quirky colorful and fun. Yes, this murder mystery is twisted and dark, but also wonderful to watch. All the characters with the possible exception of the father are so intriguing 
Devil s Rejects ROCKS!!!!. I loved this movie and I am not a huge scary movie fan . I do like campy cult films and this has all the makings 
 The Gone with the Wind of Vampire Films. Everyone knows this. The only question is: When will they ever release a Deluxe Edition of the film loaded with extras 
Nice film!!. I watched the film in my english-lesson and I ve to say, it s so fascinating! the main plot is very well acted. Also the subjects Jews and 
Best dam western ever. Mickey Rourke is the best I ve ever seen him in this film. He is cruel and ruthless to the core. He makes Clint Eastwoods noname 
Beam me up!. This flik is the first in three linked episodes II, III, IV of the 6 Star Trek Movies. Both this movie and the first Trek movie have 
God Bless Iced Earth. Well, what we got here is a very special visual document of one of the greatest moments for heavy metal ever. After 7 years of constant 
Charlie delivers in full HD glory. This movie looks simply amazing! The color, texture and detail provided by HD-DVD are superb, this is a showcase title for the format. First 
the best animated movie in the mid 90 s. Batty was a lab bat who escape into this rainforest he is very intellegent he can change his voice. The fairies 
A must have!. Watched this HD DVD last night, the picture quality was breathtaking and the TrueHD Sound was superb. It blew away the SD version that I already owned. 
DVD Please please please. Please release this exceedingly funny show on DVD. What a shame it s not already out!!!!!  
Still moving. For some reasons that I do not understand myself, I watched this 89 movie only now, although I have liked several other Weir movies a lot,like Master and 
Second Rate Swashbuckler. Tyrone Power is not a swashbuckler on par with Errol Flynn but this is still a decent movie from that genre. Maureen O Hara helps out a 
A time capsule!. I first saw this movie as two part fund raiser special on PBS. Having grown up in NY in the early sixties this wonderful movie by Scorsese 
Good movie !. Good script, good fotography, good actors performance. Definitively above the average. I recommend  
Watch two assassins in action for the price of one... If you have watched The Mechanic , you will certainly see a parallel between that movie & this movie. Both 
Excellent, Compelling show!. After watching two episode of &quot;The Dead Zone&quot; I was hooked. This a great show. Anthony Michael Hall is great, &quot;Dead Zone&quot; makes me forget him in 
Hooked on Sex. Fast pacing and fine acting make this low budget version of the classic campfire tale of &quot;the Hook&quot; really worth a look. What appears to be a 
GR8. The recent win at the Emmys should say it all . This was a great heartfelt movie. I actually joined the ONE organization to fight World Poverty after watching 
 You re just like them! . With a cast as strong as this one theres no wonder the film was a hit...I found myself wondering how they got all 
Smart, thrilling, and entertaining. It is nice to find a movie that believes that its viewers have an IQ over 60. Hollywood doesn t make enough of these types of 
Grosse Pointe. This was a great series, I was extremely disappointed when it went off the air. I ve anxiously waiting for this to come out on DVD. It is 
D.A. Bullock has delivered a solid film. I came across this DVD the other day sitting on the Independent film section at the library and thought I give it try. 
A fascinating exposition on Anatomy, Yoga, and Meridians. Paul Grilley has made a name for himself as one of the most vocal proponents of correctly understanding the role of Anatomy 
Geronimo!. This movie was absolutely great. Mel Gibson is hilarious in this film. He usually tends to overact but in this movie it fits in perfectly. I guarantee you ll 
Two serious errors in Amazon s Editorial Review. I would not have written in except for two errors in the Editorial Review posted by Amazon itself. First, that review says 
Although very violent & graphic, this is an awesome movie. Menace II Society is one of those films that leaves a powerful message that is not forgotten long after you 
scarlet diva. Asia Argento s Scarlet Diva is a groundbreaking film. It has a realism, an intimacy, an intensity that has rarely been seen before.It seems heavily inspired by Fellini 
An excellent interpretation of a classic novel. I loved Shelley s novel, and when this movie was released theatrically, I read the reviews and stayed away. I heard vast criticisms 
The truth. What lesson or lessons would we hope that our children will learn in the course of living in the world?Surely the lesson in this film is one we 
Definitely a Great Season!. Let me start off by saying that Matt Stone and Trey Parker, over the years, have been pioneers when it comes to comedy! They really take 
Prime Sinatra. This film is worth watching over and over again, if only to see Sinatra s rendition of The Lady is a Tramp , which he sings with riveting 
Fabulous DVD transfer!. This has always been a fun film -- so much more lively than than the deadly Hello Dolly with the laughably miscast Barbra Streisand. But the good 
Music expertly portrayed in film. This presents us with a visual voyage into music that, in my opinion, excels that if the original Fantasia. Not only is the animation itself 
Definitely worth renting!. The DVD comes with the movie and trailer and that s it. Heck, you can t even put on English subtitles, which I like to do with 
Fabulous Movie--but that last scene...?. A fantastic, moving, dramatic movie about the casualties--at home--of the Vietnam War....Voigt, Fonda, and Dern are superb.But one thing that has always nagged at me--the 
Lollilove Love. Simply the most entertaining mockumentary film I ve seen in years and one of the best ever. The DVD is packed full of extras and outtakes so the 
A Traditional Onegin with Russian Singers. This 2 DVD set is from a 2000 production at the Bolshoi Theater in Moscow. It reproduces a legendary production by Boris Pokrovsky from 
Best Screenplay 2005--Fierce, Literate and Scathingly Funny. I knew while watching The Squid and the Whale in the theater that it might not have a broad appeal. But for me, 
 :D .... :D . Speed was an intense movie. It had action in it and many parts when you want to go through the T.V and help them because 
Charles Laughton Is It!. This extravegant tale of England s oft-married king and his reign is portrayed breathtakingly on screen by Mr. Charles Laughton. This story highlights Henry the Eigths 
Best stretching video on the market!!!. I have now had the benefit of using this video for one week. It is expertly crafted, easy to understand and follow and best 
A Genuine Article. Touching on key scenes of his life, Padre Pio, Miracle Man transports the viewer through the saint s life. Nothing seems forced or stagnant. Sergio Castellitto is 
THE BEST DVD ON PICASSO. Excellent documentary film by John Richardson. A second DVD-ROM also included contains an astounding amount of information selected from the On-Line Picasso Project by Dr. 
Powder is excellent.... this movie points out to us that which we are all capable of...a moving reminder of our own preciousness..  
Nice to Own a Classic. This DVD collection includes the classic 30-minute story, plus two stories from the Chipmunks TV series. The 25th Anniversay set also includes an audio CD 
Richard Pryor s DVD Set Makes Him the Black Andy Kaufman. Yes, that s right,if Andy Kaufman were a black American, he d be Richard Pryor. Just like Andy, this 
Don t Let Them Bury Me .... Originally released in 1988, this movie is one of my all time favorite horror flicks. Not because of gore or the usually included 
Slick, Violent & Suspenseful. One of Argento s Most Entertaining Films. When Peter Neal Anthony Franciosa , a popular horror novelist visits Rome to promote his latest best-seller Tenebrae , 
This is your father s punk rock. Pity the poor mall punks.Seems like any dink with a Hot Topic frequent buyer card and a labret piercing can be punk these 
Surprisingly enjoyable... I didn t think it would be that great and only saw it for Joshua Jackson, but the plot twists were really good and I enjoyed it a 
3 Tales of Terror from 3 of Asia s Most Extreme. This is the perfect jumping-off pointfor anyone curious about diving into Asian Shock Cinema.It contains 3 Extreme Tales,that encompass 
Brilliant restoration, and a reply to lewis jackman... Like so many movie fans, I am overjoyed to have this great film finally restored so beautifully to its original length on 
The first Rock and Roll war... A great movie, loosely based on the Nam tour of the real Adrian Cronauer, as others have said.Adrian is a respected member of the 
Lies, betrayal, mobsters, and zombies... By now you ve probably read the synopsis of the story so I ll skip to the heart of the deal. Gungrave is a great 
 A BOY S LIFE . This film defined its audience and caters to it throughout. When it was made, westerns were at the peak of their popularity and the 
A Rare Gem. I will forever be in the dark as to why anyone would dislike this piece of theater. So many times you hear about how cerebral and inaccesible 
Excellent for all levels. This workout does a good job of targeting the back and helping build strength in the back. Some sections are very challenging while others, such as 
Absolutely Wonderful. Absolutely WonderfulIt isn t often that you get to spend quality time with someone that is a master at what they do. This DVD allows you to spend 
Terrific!!. This movie was terrific! when i first got it i watched it every night and it never got old to me although i dont like the end very much 
Sizzles With Intensity. An action-packed, suspenseful historical drama, Catch a Fire combines first-rate actors, on-location filming and a gripping true-life story to craft a solid film that works simultaneously as 
Family Holiday Classic and Mood Lifter All Year Round. I ve been a fan of Jim Carrey s version since it came out. I ve burned through several VHS copies 
The Way We Were. Loved this movie for years. Tear jerker. Haven t seen it for years, and I like to see old movies over when I haven t seen 
Leonard Cohen as a young man. When the new movie on Mr. Cohen came out in June I m Your Man I wanted to see this CBC Documentary. It is 
Great Action Western South of the Border. This is a somewhat underrated action film set during the Mexican Revolution with James Brown as a deputy who crosses the border to 
Heartwarming. Satisfying. Vindicating. Heroic,. I wasn t expecting much when I dropped this 1998 movie into the DVD player...There is a lot to commend itself. Matt Damon gives a convincing 
A Real Treasure!. I ordered this DVD when it first came out and I ve been enjoying it ever since. All the performances are enjoyable- some more than others, but 
A GREAT late 90 S FILM!. This film s got some hilarious moments, which I won t spoil for you. It s got good character development and all the essentials 
They don t make em like they used to. Brilliant. This was Redford and Newman at the height of their respective stardom, their swaggering best. A western that s essentially 
Excellent movie. I grew up watching martial arts movies and always wanted to see one that has more depth and meaning. This movie does not follow the sterotypical path of 
Funny!. This is one of Jet Li s funniest flicks, if his only. Some pretty good action scenes in it, but i laughed more than anything. Hey on a boring 
Great Classic. A great classic worth every penny. A bit dated but that makes it even better. From the director who brought you such classics as Frankenstein with Karloff and 
Jacky Wu and Yu Hai are back!. If you ve seen Tai Chi 2 you know who Jacky Wu and Yu Hai are. Oddly enough, Tai Chi 2 didn t 
Classic Howard. If you are a Howard fan this is a must have in your collection  
Amazing package. Great material, all wrestlemanias XVI-XX on 5 double-sided discs. Excellent image and sound. Too bad all the WWF logos are blurred which can get distracted specially the turnbuckle 
Unexpectedly Great Film!. I m not sure how this movie premiered. I think it was on MTV, if I m not mistaken! Did it come out in theaters?In any case, 
Epitome of cool. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie when it first came out back in 2001, despite some excruciating emotional turbulence that I was going through at the time. That 
Motown 70 s gangsta scene. Probably never gonna be a famous must see type movie, but a whale of an entertaining piece this is! We rarely get to see the 
Hilariously Dark, or Darkly Hilarious. This movie, with a stellar cast and a oft-used plot dysfunctional family reuniting for a funeral , was one of those movies where you are 
Thank you. Thank you.I enjoyed the movie as much as I ve learnt from it. It has certainly helped to deepen my understanding of the story of Abraham in the 
Funny Carey, interesting adaptation. I saw this movie before I read the books. The books are much funnier, and contain so much more than was able to be put into 
Brimming with intensity, intrigue, and emotion. Warning: This review may contain slight episode spoilers. My summary of the first episode the following paragraph and the final paragraph are safe to 
Okay, Okay But Why Is This Movie Good ?. From the other reviewers you already know it is about some foreign piece of bio-hazard that lands in this small town 
CAPTAIN BLOOD was better. Good film, but it doesn t come close to CAPTAIN BLOOD. First off you re missing Olivia de Havilland and that s a huge negative. Next 
Great Biography!!. I have already watched this movie around 10 times. I love it more each time I watch it. I play the clarinet myself and it makes it more 
Hmm - angels see Gerard Butler and weep. If anyone who has eyes to see, views Gerard Butler in the movie Attila and does not find Gerard Butler a mouth 
Great Fun for our toddler. Maisy is paced well, has cute music, and is a great favorite in our house  
Roger is TOO COOL!. Roger Moore is simply fabulous, and his role in The Saint was the perfect warm-up to James Bond! Set 2 is just as good as the 
Great fun. My daughter 21 months loves to help Blues. They give children enough time to respond before giving them answers, which is great. It s a super deal when 
Outstanding Suspense Film: Very Underrated!. I never watched this film until it was released on video. And I was greatly impressed, not only with the acting, but the writing as 
The ultimate Wow movie. This movie is a non-stop adventure in how did he do that and can he top this . While movies like Crouching Tiger and Heroe were 
okay flick. THI ITEM IS A GOOD MOVIE , BUT THERE ARE SOME MINOR FLAWS IN THE DISC , OTHER WISE I AM SATISFIED WITH THIS ITE  
JULIE ANDREWS IS THE BEST!. IN THIS MOVIE JULIE ANDREWS ROCK. SHE IS THE STAR OF THIS MOVIE! ALL THE SONGS EVERYONE SINGS ARE JUST GREAT. I THINK THIS MOVIE 
Ballet. I took about 9 years of ballet up until my sophmore year of high school.. I am now a freshman in college and i decided to get this workout 
Awesome concert!!!!. This has to be by far one of the best concerts kylie has ever done. the track list includes1. intro2. loveboat - great way to open up the 
An awesome accomplishment. I am an advid martial arts fanatic. I have purchased some dummies and some classics. But this movies stands above any of the ones that I have 
Disney at it s best. Over 40 s - turn durn the colour and watch the first episode in black and white to be transported back to an idyllic childhood 
Please: I loved Les Choristes. and I love the music. However I am hard of hearing. Is this captioned at all? I would understand that the music might not be 
One of the best 80 s ski films out there!. If you love to ski or snowboard especially if you love the 80 s you must see this film. It 
one of the most underated movies of all time. This is one great action packed balls to the wall ride. As mentioned above this is a greatly underated movie that 
A Good and SLOW Movie. This movie is SLOW and LONG 2 hours 35 minutes ----the desperados stand around glaring and arrogantly smiling at each other minute after minute! But, 
I loved it. What a great movie. good time you have watchign this one.Its a one of a kind movie.if your a star wars or star gate fan like my 
 It s a Wonderful Film . In this genre they just don t get any better. It would be worthy of any Top 100 list just for the hitchhiking 
Gothic tale of horror. Based on a legend that began in 1580 Prague, this early example of German Expressionism is also a fine example of an early horror movie. The 
Enthralling, painful, profound, cathartic. Thoreau said The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation. While this may be true of some, others are not so quiet. Caouette has unleashed 
Of Cowardice and Heroism. To me, this movie is neither about cowardice nor heroism. I think my views are a result of my time at Khe Sanh, Vietnam, almost 40 
The Robben Ford DVD We ve been Waiting For. Finally someone s done it right and produced a stunning full length concert DVD of Robben Ford. I have to say 
Worth Seeing. I liked this movie. I lose interest in almost all movies half-way through, but this one kept me watching. The cinematography is excellent; the colors and lighting are 
Best concert DVD. I love this DVD. If you are a fan or not, you should check this out. I mean the emotions and the playfulness from the band was 
The second best alternative Christmas classic since A Christmas Story. Having no idea this was a Christmas movie when we rented it, I have a new tradition to pop this 
Eros rules. I had seen this movie a year ago, and my impression was that France s air was being completely substituted with a scent of Eros, which to my 
ENTERTAINING HORROR ANTHOLOGY..... From Britain s Amicus Studio s anthology series is 1967 s Torture Garden , a quartet of ironic terror tales featuring a great cast, directed by horror 
Krites. This movie is kic. I grew up with this movie and think its funny as hell. Imagine being like 5 when watching it. I have seen them all and 
Sunglasses After Dark. The third in Director Andrej Wadja s war trilogy, Ashes and Diamonds is set in Poland on the last day of WW2. The German High Command have 
A masterpiece of story telling!. This is one of those movies that leaves you feeling like you have experience something powerful.If you have not seen this movie,please do so!You will 
A great musical!. This is one of my favorite MGM musicals! I wouldn t give it 5 stars because that s reserved for the top-notch such as On the Town 
You bring me peace in a time of war... Okay, Philadelphia what can be said about it ?When i first seen it... I was moved and it made me think-- 
If not Altman s greatest film, certainly one of his top five.... This, along with Nashville, are my favorite Altman films. This is one of the most beautiful, haunting, sad, 
 Latifah s Tearing The Roof Off The House . Latifah s Back in this GREAT comedy along with Steve Martin. This movie was definitly amazing. If you like to 
In Between Tours... Dead fans consider Jerry Garcia to be the de facto leader of the band. The perceptions are unshakeable, even though Garcia shared singing and songwriting duties over 
One of SNL s greatest performers. Will Ferrell was one of the best performers in SNL history, and as of a couple of years after he left, they still do 
As happens when shows get into later seasons, this one has both some of the best AND worst episodes!. Season 3 finds the beloved couple detective show reaching new heights 
1980 s Greed at its Best. Barbarian s at the Gate was one of HBO s first attempt at quality television movie making. HBO has become a ground for stars 
Unknown. I liked this movie. It had several twists and a surprise ending which I didn t see coming. I really like James Caviezel and Greg Kinnear, they do good 
Outstanding. I bought this for my mother for Christmas. She loved it. Joan Hickson, IS Miss Marple. Very well done.  
AN AUDIOPHILE VIEWER. IT IS A PITY THIS DVD WAS NOT PRODUCED WITH DTS EFFECT AS I HAVEA LASER DISC 10 YEARS AGO WHICH BROUGHT ME EXCITEMENT THROUGH STEREO SURROUND.IN 
This is outstanding, but not Ludlum. I don t want to mislead you, this is one of my favorite films. I bought the Ludlum trilogy, and they have little to 
A must have in a kids collection!. I really enjoyed watching my 1 year and a half daughter s face when she first saw shrek..she loves to watch this movie 
We are all just ordinary people. Ordinary People is one of those films that everyone can appreciate. Even if one has never been in this exact situation we have all 
Worthy of Special Consideration. Congratulations should go out to the Director, Producer, cast and crew of Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow...In the genre of Sci-Fi Fantasy there exists 
Nobody does it like The Diesel. This movie truly shows another side of Vin Diesel in a way. He s such a bad ass in his other movies. He s 
Match Point evens the odds!. Having seen Woody Allen s Annie Hall at such a cynical, nearly adult-like age about two to three weeks ago , I quickly fell in 
One Of The Greatest Anime Ever!!!!!. Awesome Anime...you would be hard pressed to find one that s better. This one was actually suggested to me by a friend and after 
Almost a Murder She Wrote episode. Kate Beckinsdale s character, with all of her youthful God given beauty, has all the wisdom of Jessica Fletcher, when it comes to solving 
Cute movie for girls. This is the type of movie you watch during a slumber party. Girls will watch it, and a few moms too. The story and message are 
One of the funniest Jackie Chan Movies I know. This movie was the first DVD I ever bought! It is truly a gem. I like the Infinifilm bonus features. It 
My Father The Hero...funniest movie ever!!. This is the funniest video ever!! A must see for all those who have teenagers...in fact a funny video for everyone!!! A MUST see! 
exceptionally good. Kathy Smith, along with karen voight, gilad and a couple of others is one of the best instructors around, you always get the feeling she really enjoys what 
Classic with a twist. This story brings the classic character to a new place. The images are absolutely beautiful and the music deserves its own five star rating. The characters 
SHREDDER IS BETTER ON THIS SHOW THAN THE OLD ONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I LIKE THIS SHOW BETTER THAN THE OLD SHOW SO THERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I HAD TO SAY THAT BECAUSE EVERYOE S ANNOYING ME!!!!!!! 
My Review. Good video. A lot of the same information found on other videos with a few new things I noticed  
Todos sus exitos!!!!. En esta edicin doble en DVD, aparecen todos sus xitos y sus ltimas canciones...realmente de coleccin. Lo recomiendo para los amantes de la msica Wave!!!  
Above-average old school adventure flick. The Mummy is a throwback to two different schools of filmmaking: the globe-trotting republic serial adventure flicks where Indiana Jones took inspiration from and also 
A tug-of-war between father and son in a small town with no opportunities other than crime. At Close Range, which is based on a true-crime story from the 1980 s, 
The Rise of a Black Superhero of the 1970s. Who s the cat that won t cop out when their is danger all about? SHAFT Right ON!!!!!! The rise of 
It s a wild ride!. I remember watching this in high school. I thought it was great fun then and my kids think it still is now. Okay, we re 
A DOGgone Good Mystery!!!. I watched this movie without reading the 1937 Dame Agatha Christie novel that it was based on. I m glad I did this! Why? Because it 
Is this a Tough Team? You Bet!. Ronin 1998 is one of the last films directed by John Frankenheimer 1930-2002 and an excellent action movie by the way!Frankenheimer has directed 
Entertaining early films, many never seen before on DVD. Besides the films themselves, this set has a very well done booklet containing detailed information on each film as well as 
P.M. Program is great. I agree that this DVD isn t great for beginners, but it is the one I started with and I got hooked! I m not a 
it fits along with adult manga. The movie is better then the series cause of the animation and the action violence makes it a PG-13 rating no wonder it s 
It s an 11. Great movie - there isn t anything I can say that hasn t been said 100 times.  
FIVE DAVIS LANDMARKS AND A SUPERBLY CRAFTED BIOGRAPHICAL DOCUMENTARY EXTRA DISC MAKE THIS A MUST-HAVE FOR DVIS FANS!. Warner has done it again.If it weren t just June, I d 
The Client. The is an excellent movie packed full of fine actors and a plot that grabs you immediately and doesn t let go. The young boy who stars with 
Gold Star for Bond. Goldfinger was the third movie in the Bond series. This movie set the standard for the Bond genre, and is generally regarded as one of the 
fun gangster romance parody. This film is one big joke: you have all the basics elements of romance love at first sight, great passion, etc. and gangster flicks brutality, dagerous 
seduction not from 1 movie, but from 3. I m a Milano fan so i have to go with number 2: Lily, as the best. Just a nice good old 
Very Very Good movie. This film is A VERY good one..it has mystery,horror,style good acting. The crows annoyed me to bits but that was part and parcel of what made 
Very Pleased!. I bought this movie for my son. He is 4 years old and absolutely loves Teen Titans. We are very pleased with this purchase.  
Torch Song Trilogy. This is one of our favorite movies. It makes you cry & laugh at the same time. Harvey and the whole cast make you feel as though 
A Sexy, Exciting Thriller. Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie star in this action-packed thriller about a rather unorthodox married couple who have very unique occupations.Pitt and Jolie star as John 
Hoffman Hoffwoman. Dustin Hoffman, arguably one of the most popular actors of the 1980s and 90s, is in top form here -- but this time as a woman. Sure, there 
IT WAS THE BEST OF TIMES...IT WAS THE WORST OF TIMES... This is an epic film, adapted from Charles Dickens book of the same name. It is, indeed, a tale 
Pretty good. Right along the same line as other damato films. I would recommend Emanuelle in America, Porno Holocaust even harder Images in a convent has some hardcore in there 
A Wonderful Masterpiece. This movie has recieved several bad reviews and I can understand that. This movie is a rather complex movie and not the typical first gay love movie 
This DVD was a life saver!. Major ice storm had our power out during the season premier. I was so glad to get this DVD! I m not believing Wayne 
Very Good B Sci-Fi Film. Screamers is based on the short story Second Variety, by the late, great author Philip K. Dick. The same author who brought us Do Androids 
Salsa Dancing. A good palce to start the basics of Salsa Dancing. One of the easiest of rythmic dances to learn you will have lots of fun with this DVD 
I looked for this every where. So Happy I could find this movie! It is a gift for someone who loves it and I couldn t find it anywhere else 
CAINE IS STILL ABLE. This fourth season of the flashiest of the CSI franchises is packed with a lot of personal dilemmas squeezed in with the usual vicious crimes. David 
Get ready for high emotion. Spoiler warning.I really enjoyed this season because they took it in a more serious direction. I also enjoy the longer story lines as well. I 
Full Marx. These movies are a scream. Fast and punchy one liner s some of which were quite racy for their time. These were fabulously talented guys who loved the 
Brilliant Beautiful Minnelli. Liza Minnelli is actually really funny in this film! It s a great comedy film on it s own - regardless of having 2 after it s 
accurate picture of modern day urban warfare. This movie seems to be a portrayal of the modern day soldier s esperiences in war being fought in urban settings. A real 
This is good for learn. I decided to buy this DVD because my son is so interested in Big Bird.Of course he likes this DVD. And also I think this 
GYPSY. This is by far the best version of this musical. The song and dance numbers are excellent and the characters strong. Orchestration is bright and snappy and true to 
It s about time!. I ve waited years for the DVD release of my favorite Newman movie, The Young Philadelphians. That opus is a wonderful example of 1950s melodrama with 
Impressive. This Dvd was amazing. Children of bodom are one of the best live metal bands out there and this shows them at their finest. This DVD is very good 
Delicate and Dazzling. This movie is intimate and special. Some reviews say it is the story of obsession, of fetishism, of trivial things. However, this movie is the story of 
Jason, Hercules. . . and his argonauts. Not only does this one have rollicking special effects by the master Harryhausen, but it is quite intelligent in delivery. The negotiations between 
See It for Liz-Oscars or No Oscars. A Place in the Sun is a classic love story in a triangle. The 3 lovers are Montgomery Clift, Shelley Winters and a 
Captivating. Although I am not attuned to the background history of the film, the visuals are captivating enough to hold anyone s interest. I have visited the site of the 
For industry only?. I work in wine marketing and found the film an interesting piece documenting an important point in the history of the wine business. I can t imagine 
Funny Funny Movie. I can t find anything wrong with this movie. It s just great. Just one laugh after another  
A STAR IS BORN. GREAT MOVIE,GREAT VOICE,GREAT LIVE PERFORMANCES THAT TODAYS SINGERS CANNOT DO.BARBRA IS ONCE AGAIN AT BEST HERE!!!LOVE THE ADDITIONAL COMMENTARY  
A magnificent real-life Holocaust drama. Restored to its original 180 minute roadshow length including overture and exit music , George Stevens CinemaScope production of THE DIARY OF ANNE FRANK 1959, 
Pretty Much Spot On In Accuracy - DVD shows pretty much how it was!. I really liked this DVD. Hard as it was to watch for all the painful memories 
A Surprising Thriller. I had many difficulties to see this movie from Dario Argento because it was not easy to find it in my country, but when I finally saw 
Back in the 90 s. I just can say, I felt like a teenager again : . Whenever this show was originally on, I was 18 and up and watching 
My 3 year old girl s favorite DVD. Gets the stamp of approval as most compelling watch over Sponge Bob seasons on DVD, all the Disney movies, etc by my 
As Disturbing Today As It Was Back Then. King of New York begins with the release of Frank White from the confines of a prison cell and the moody opening 
If you really like Yngwie you have more to enjoy than the rest of us. Even if you are an avid fan of Yngwie, you have to admit that his 
The Impressionists. The DVD was fairly well put together and added knowledge of that era. I recommend it to someone interested in this unconventional type of genre  
For kids of all ages. You wouldn t normally catch me watching a movie about two children playing at spies, but I have a four year old son who s 
Powerful movie. Frances is a powerful movie that tells the story of a very gifted, beautiful and smart actress falling apart as she struggles to fit into the Hollywood mold 
Has intensity. I imagine the novel is better, but the film does have intensity. There isn t much change in setting, but the mix of emotions moves the plot along. 
True Love s Course. True love s course never did run smooth, particularly for the nutty Norwegians in this hilarious comedy. In his first directorial debut, Morten Tyldum does an 
VERY GOOD CYNICAL POLITICAL SATIRE. This film starring Jeff Bridges as the younger brother of an assassinated president is very good. It also has an all-star cast. The film had 
beyond good. This man is absolutely beyond stunning! He makes me happy, and totally overwhelmed. I ve searched for great guitarplayers for 30 years and this is truly a master 
great documentary, but something is amiss. In a movie such as this, only James Cameron could do it justice. This documentary follows one of the most haunting disasters in the 
Lee, Kinski and Franco at their best. The first time I saw this movie I was very confused because I thought it belongs to the Hammer Dracula series. I wondered 
An Intense, Powerful Story Ignited by Dench and Blanchett. NOTES ON A SCANDAL invites the audience to read the diary of a very lonely, crusty, frumpy, acerbic history teacher Barbara 
I love It!. This video was better than I expected. I am not a beginner to exercise so I wasn t sure if this video would be enough for me. 
LOVE IS IN THE AIR. As the local authorities and Mugen search for the mysterious Okuru, who by the way is looking after Fuu, Jin must face a samurai out 
A TERRIFIC LOOK AT THE MAN OF STEEL!. Released on the eve of the spectacular Superman Returns, Look, Up in the Sky! takes an exciting look at the life of 
A darker, more imaginative James Bond... From the day I first saw the trailer for this movie I knew it was not going to be like any other Bond movie. 
A Young Boy s View Of The War!. This semi-autobiographical film about the childhood of director John Boorman is a very good film. I read some of the amazon reviews, 
Historical Flashback. I purchased this DVD at my husband s request. He had viewed it has a young man, and wanted to revisit it after 30 years. I had never 
Few words need to be spoken. This little charm of a movie is not just about a generation gap, but about a social and cultural gap. It s about a 
1 word Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. match 1: fatal 4 way for the world tag team champion shipsy2j & christian {the champs} vs booker t & christian vs the dudley boiz vs lance 
Great, ambitious movie. Asoka should be applauded for trying to take Bollywood to another level. Although it didn t have the financial success it deserved, the movie is completely watchable, 
A Great Movie - Must Buy If You Love Westerns. This is an amazing work of art. A must buy for anyone who loves westerns. Anyone who loves Sergio Leone 
The funniest skit I ve ever seen. This DVD contains quintessential Monty Python skits, with spam all over the place. But, this review focuses on one skit on this DVD, 
The Lord s Luchador. Microphone {tap, tap, tap}: Ladies and gentlemen! For your wrestling entertainment, I introduce to you the Lord s Luchador, the Mauling Monk, the Orphanator! Put your 
Better than the sequel. I saw Meet the Parents and Meet the Fockers out of order, having seen the sequel first. Having seen that movie, I didn t have high 
One of the greatest thrillers ever finally gets a worthy DVD. We can thank the Movie Gods that Jean Gabin didn t want to play a coward or else we 
Still Top Quality Entertainment. I think Rolling Stone got it right - this is the best thing on TV . It s amazing that the quality has been maintained. And 
Highly recommended. This DVD is pretty good. If you know anything about the bible you ll see that this DVD got its pricipals from the bible. They just took out 
I don t even sweat!. This is a great workout. At first I was disappointed because while I was doing the workout it seemed too easy. I thought it couldn 
Boyz N the Hood. Good movie from the 1990s years,Tre has to live with his dad after getting into a fight with Bobby the boy he walked to school with, 
A most Fitting Tribute to the 101st Airborne. One of the best films about the lives of a Grunt in the Viet Nam War that I have seen. Better than 
We Are Living in Demon Days... I ve never been quite a fan of music DVDs. By that I mean the live stuff. I much rather be there to experience 
A Really Good and Unappreciated film. Titan A.E is an under-rated animated science fiction film that barely anyone seen when it was in theatres. Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within had 
Trade everything you own for The Letter recommended . It takes a well-rehearsed pathological liar to beat a murder rap when committed in front of dozens of witnesses. Enter Leslie 
These would have been better as Extended Versions... It s about time these came out! On one hand, I m happy that my two personal favorite Adam Sandler movies have 
Adios, Ned. This disk contains the final two episodes of the 1993 western series `Ned Blessing. They cut the cord on this series quick. One is the last televised episode, 
Great film... I had been wanting to see Just Like Heaven for a long time but have not got around to it until it appeared on HBO the other night 
Billy Wilder takes the concept of male transvestism for all it s worth in Some Like It Hot. . The performances of Curtis and Lemmon add shine to bits of 
100 HIGH OCTANE....ALL THE WAY. Anchor Bay has to be commended on their release of Dirty Mary Crazy Larry on dvd.Thanks to a pristine looking video transfer and new 5.1 
The Wolf Man The Legacy Collection. Great classic horror, but remember to bring a hankie. Lon Chaney Jr. portrayed the creature with great emotion. A must see  
Live 8 Rocks!. I wasn t sure what to expect,with so many artists in one set.The result is one fine artistic achievement covering just about every style of music you 
Fast and Reilable. They sent it sooner then expected. It is in great condition and was packed properly. I would def use this user again. Thank you  
excellent series. In this series allready several very good installments have been broadcast . Fortunately ,now the fifth series has been published let s hope that universal will publish further 
Samurai Jack Season 2. I ve started watching Samurai Jack on Cartoon Network. I missed a few episode, so I picked up Samurai Jack Season 2. The box set contains 
GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I was rating anther product and realized I had never rated this one. Denise Austin does a great job here. Yes, she is very enthusiastic and it can be 
Mmmm.... Satisfying. World Series highlight films have come a long way since the Cards last championship in 1982. Back then, all one had to look forward to for a Series 
An All Time Favorite. Somehow - this movie touched my heart and my mind - and I am sure if Ben and Matt could figure out exactly what their formula 
essential for the Bukowski fan in your life!. 2006 seems to be the year for Bukowski on dvd and it s about time! between this and BORN INTO THIS, fans 
No matter who you are.....you ll LOVE this DVD!. This DVD set is packed full of wonderful recipes and of course, Jamie Oliver s infectious style. He s out and 
InuYasha is always pleasing. InuYasha is a huge hit with my daughters 11 & 5 and this dvd didn t let us down. There were a few confusing points, but 
Second best after Backto.... Who likes Rodger ows to get it before ot get out of print. I doubt that the younger generation will appreciate old masters from the 80 
The best of TV series. I remember i saw few episodes when i was a kid, and now i had the chance to buy my own copy which i can 
Some of TVs finest... Due to great story, writing, and acting, this still holds up as great TV.Need more be said?Oh yeah, the DVD is wonderful. There is a brilliant 
very good prequel. Dead Man s Walk is a very good prequel and a fine follow-up to the classic western miniseries Lonesome Dove. This one focuses on the early days 
A Great Mountain Man Movie. Jeremiah Johnson is perhaps the best of the mountain man movies of the 1970 s and remains a highly enjoyable movie. The grandeur of the 
Beautiful film, even if the message is obvious. Despite the fact that I think it s ridiculous to structure a film around the question of whether non-human beings experience emotions 
Not just for America. Though informed that these discs would only play in the US...they do in fact play ok in the UK  
The answer to the Missing One thoughts... In response to the review below, the reason Red Dragon isn t in this set is because it was a Universal movie, whereas 
Great. I have it on VHS and the run time is 139 minutes and I wonder what I m missing on the DVD with a longer run time. I can 
Love Alfred. When I was a child I watch Alfred Hitchcock with my mother. I enjoyed it so much until when i got older i just had to find it 
The Four Feathers. Without doubt a film far before its time! Excellent in alll departments, particularly the crowd scenes and the battle charges! A difficult time for British interests in 
Love thoughs ABC Afternoon specials. I just recently bought the DVD from the 1976-77 season.It has been years since I had last seen these fine episodes.I especially liked the story 
The mystery of the moving package. He never should have brokenHis own unwritten rulesProfessionals, they don t get caughtMistakes are made by foolsRule one is never change the dealRule two 
We are BOTH in this movie. My husband and I loved this movie. It was filmed in our highschool back when we attended. I am one of the brunette cheerleaders 
Uncreative Title. I ve always been a big fan for The Bob, and so has my mother, so when I found her favorite episode on these dvds, I bought it 
Passionate & Sensuous. From the first time our leading characters eyes meet, you can feel the temperature rise in the room. Not your average, sappy love conquers all type of 
One of the best swashbucklers since Errol Flynn. Swashes withe the best of them and is funnie  
Zorro: The Next Generation. The Mask of Zorro brings to the screen the story of who else, but the well-known Mexican hero.The setting is California in the transitional period following 
jean renoir s masterwork takes on humanity at all sorts of levels. if rules of the game easily wins its spot in the list of the greatest movies ever, then 
Freudian and Simplistic but Nonetheless Demanding View of Nazism. This film appeared within a period of time after the end of World War II when attempts to explain Nazism were 
A Film That Is Both Heartwarming and Troubling. I thought this film was another title. I wanted a French film called LE PAPILLON, about an older gentleman who becomes a 
vannevel - 5 Stars For James Darren. Nothing can beat the Gidget movies. After all, Gidget was the first Beach Movie. Sure they seem dated to today s youth, but 
 Ah, just one more thing... . Here s a list of the eight episodes featured on this 6th and 7th season collection:Episode 38: FADE IN TO MURDER Airdate: Oct 
Way funnier than it s predeccesor!. Scary movie 2 brings back Cindy Campbell and even those who died in the first film to bring back the slandering of horror films.In 
A wholesome family film. This is a good movie to watch with the whole family. It may also spark some interest in baseball for those not already interested. All in 
George Reeves forever!. I bought this DVD set for my husband s birthday. He has watched them non-stop since he got them. A great nostalgic offering for any Superman fan 
Seven Deadly Sins in One Movie. THE PLOTRoommates Nathalie Coralie Revel and Sandrine Sabrina Seyvecou compose a strategy to dispense sex strategically to manipulate men into submission for financial gain 
GOOD,HEART WARMING MOVIE.............FOR LADIES. I WATCHED THIS FILM BACK IN THE 80 S WHEN IT WAS FIRST RELEASEDAND I LOVED IT.A REAL TEAR JERKER WITH A TINGE OF HUMOUR THROWNIN.A 
Bad Dad. Now a celebrity, courtesy of Bilbo Baggins the keepcase to this King Lear DVD bills him as of the Lord of the Rings , Ian Holm was a 
When zombie files and radio dials conspire to dance again. I can not believe the reviews I am reading for `Feeding the Masses . Apparently, people feel that as long 
Cinderella Soccer Story. Goal! is a well-done soccer version of the road to glory in athletics. It is a true Cinderella story that makes the impossible possible and fulfills the 
Perhaps the Most Apt Title For a Movie Ever. Man, this movie makes for some truly harsh watching, yet Flanagan is a stunningly fascinating man. It s just hard to 
Epic... Let me start by saying, I hated anime until i saw cowboy bebop. I have seen dozens of the most popular anime series since then. Many series based on 
Good film update of old series. Dr. Richard Kimble Harrison Ford and his wife, Helen Sela Ward seem to have it all, until she is murdered. The police believe that 
the best paul dvd ever... paul s concert dvd s usually have a lot of talking during the songs making it almost impossible to get the feel of a real 
Some Weak Points, but an Enjoyable Movie. This movie was a movie that was a low-budget movie that became a surprise hit. Following this movie, this movie would be responsible 
Widescreen even!. I m so glad that this finally came out on DVD and widescreen! It s a fantastic version with great extras. I love being able to see everything 
One of the Very Best Westerns Ever Made. I grew up on old movies, my father having a love for them, and having Father Son Saturdays with all of his 
A Wonderful Experience Revisited. Even though this was one of Prince s underrated movies, I still love it. The DVD version includes all of the music videos some in color 
A Johnny Depp - Tim Burton Classic. Classic Johnny Depp - Tim Burton Movie! There is nobody to beat Johnny Depp in doing off-beat roles and so well  
Ridiculous but entertaining. This movie followed its cover synopsis to the letter. Lots of hot young Asian ladies doing martial arts. Actually, the techniques are so ridiculously gracious that they 
Wonderfully amazing. I have always been a Good Times fan so this just gives me the opportunity to look at one of my favorite family sitcoms at my leisure. Me 
TapanD. One of the best production so far. It does not get old even after several viewing  
 Let there be killing. All this evening I ve had a feeling of destiny closing in. . I received this film when I purchased the The Warner Gangsters Collection 
The best TV Show Ever!. The best of the best battle it out with the Amazing JD Fortune winning the gig.  
A definite new cut.... Well, for once we have a movie that really is a new cut according to the director s wishes and not just add on to the 
A fine second season. The Stargate team soldiers through another season of interstellar adventures. Interesting developments include the introduction of the Tok ra, the discovery of the Asgard, and a 
fun movie. After reading some of the negative reviews about this movie, I am inspired to write my views!I saw Harriet the Spy when it came out in theaters in 
Get By With A Little Help From Your Friends. The first season of friends can only be described in one word...Fantastic! When it comes to television shows, it takes the 
The greatest martial arts movie of all time !. This is the best martial arts movie ever made. There is none of that wire work mess or computer generated effects. 
funniest movie ever. This is one of the best movies in a long while. Great for families to watch together. One of Robin Williams best  
Excellant purchase. It was a great follow up to the first movie, and it was a great tranactiona and price through Amazon. Thanks Amazo  
Impeccable, clear and compelling. There are only a handful of truly remarkable and pragmatic works in the field of Sports Science, instruction and coaching - this is one. The technical 
This is a wonderful movie. This has to be one of my all time favorites, along with An Affair to Remember and The Notebook. Richard Gere is fantastic in this 
best available. I bought this for my nearly 19 month old son. He loves it. He stood still and watched all 30 minutes of it the first time I put 
Great DVD. Since moving back to the UK from America I have missed seeing Martha s shows.So I was very pleased when the DVD s came out.Well worth buying  
Powerful. To those of us from US and the West, this may look like a cartoon, but is very sad and powerful. A classic  
Rebus on screen. Loving the character and the writing style, I read every available Rankin Rebus novel-- checking out screenplay was inevitable. At first expecting to meet the buffoonish brother-in-law 
Lesser Fat is Better Than No Fat. This loose adaptation of Point Blank will not let you forget the original Lee Marvin version. The film eschews characterization for gratuitous pyrotechnics 
Lesser Fat is Better Than No Fat. This loose adaptation of Point Blank will not let you forget the original Lee Marvin version. The film eschews characterization for gratuitous pyrotechnics 
How could one bomb do all this damage. It was a sunny day over Hiroshima. A plane flew overhead a parachutte opened it fell to the ground then all hell 
What more could you ask for?. Nice story. Good casting. Impressive acting. Lovely, sexy ladies to look at. What more could you ask for? Well, of course, I was expecting 
Must have Movie!. This movie should be on everyone s list! It s the Sound of Music all the kids looking for someone to love them and help them through 
I STILL Don t Know What This Movie Is About!!!!. I first saw this movie 20 years ago and I didn t understand it back then. Perhaps it my wild 
Candy doesn t need a reason.....that s why it s candy. I ll start off by saying I ve never been a fan of Johnny Depp. So it surprised me 
In The Time Of The Butterflies. Being Dominican my very first feild trip was to the butterflies museum in salcedo i love everything about it. it makes me proud to 
So good :->. Gin Miller is excellent. She s funny and smart and is a good, effective instructor. Her manner is so informal and relaxed, that her dvds are easy 
Great chick flick!. It was a feel good movie with a happy ending...those are the best  
In other words... Everone else already said this is the &quot;best dvd EVER&quot; so there is no point repeating that... I will simply add to it my favorite qualities... The 
DVD purchase. Product arrived quickly and was in excellent condition. No problems.Thank you  
No harm, no foul. At first glance this would appear to be a VERY serious movie. The opening 1 2 hour or so reminded me of the movie BODY SHOTS, 
definitely dark and at times very humorous. yes they have done some very bad things. great movieshocks you, scares you, thrills you, chills you, makes you laugh all at once 
GREAT, GREAT GREAT. This video is definitely a worth wild DVD. From the original footage to today - it was all great. I watched it three times over the weekend 
Secret of Nimh video. After checking through endless retailers for this older video I happened to come across it while searching for another item at your site. Very pleased with 
re; Sour milk with some liver spots. Amusing & yeah, dated for sure. It s still good fun though. I m surprised the Sci Fi channel hasn t tried to 
BEAUTIFUL TRANSFER OF A PERFECT MOVIE. SOUND OF MUSIC 40th ANNIVERSARY EDITION Fox is the latest digital version of this beloved, timeless, film. The two-disc set features an exceptionally sharp 
dora the explorer rhymes and riddles. I got this for my daughter when she turned two, in a few months she was reciting the rhymes in the car. Dora is 
Love in the afternoon. The last of Eric Rohmer s Six Moral Tales and among the best. As in the others, the plot revolves around a married man who has 
Please read my review. This movie was the best I ve ever seen! The beginning was creepy and the traps were awesome! Love how Jigsaw makes people kill each other 
Seduction at it s Finest. This movie was so amazing and I was extremely attracted to the theme. The story involves alot of seduction and betrayal. I call that the 
The Most Detailed Batman Origin From The 90s Animated Era. Batman: Mask Of The Phantasm is the theatrical release spun off from the 1990s s great Batman: The Animated Series 
A late 1960s social satire with De Palma and De Niro. Greetings is an offbeat satire from a very young Brian De Palma starring an equally young Robert De Niro. 
Picture a summer day in a provincial New England town . . . in a small, quaint bookshop, in which the paint is peeling from the mismatched bookcases, and the 
This is movie is awesome!. Man, these shows are so great together, I personally think Project Shadow should ve been a full-length movie and released into theaters. Obviouslly, there s 
Gutsy and brilliant. Recently our cinemas have been packed with high concept product that caters to the lowest common denominator of entertainment and to the least discriminating film goer. What 
Voltron episode guide. This DVD set is said to contain episodes 31-45 and rare bonus features.Here is a list of all the episodes:31-The Sincerest Form of Flattery32-A Transplant for Blue 
Like the 19th Century Coming Out of Your TV Set. James Wong Howe s cinematography looks beautiful on the restored DVD version of this underrated film, an unearthly intervention which 
Good Collection. This package of Columbo is as good as the previously released version. This is wonderful to enjoy Columbo at any time and a choice of shows. I cannot 
The most original screenplay since Brazil...which was. ...the most original screenplay since Citizen Kane.At least that s my take.How do I describe this movie? I can t. It s bizarre 
New take on a very old play. Titus is a good adaption of Shakespeares bloodiest play. There is no exact time era set up for the film. It seems to 
A HILARIOUS DVD. THIS DVD IS SO FUNNY. I CAN T EVEN PUT IT INTO WORDS, U HAVE TO GET THIS DVD. IT SHOWS HOW MUCH OF AN IDIOT THE 
A very good romatic comedy. Let me first say I think this was one of Julia Roberts best roles in a film. And Hugh Grant plays a very low key 
Dark Comedy Where Fate Brings Wealth & Death... Fate is in the hands of those who chose, as choices are the ultimate tool for a person s destiny. Yet, destiny 
?. this film should be required viewing for everyone. Its value as a demonstration of the seductive nature of american marketing is unique. It serves also to underscore the importance 
A Masterpiece of Any Genre. McCabe & Mrs. Miller has long been considered one of the best films ever made and is considered Robert Altman s masterpiece even though his 
Jeeves and Wooster-a-holic. This season isn t as strong and is a bit sillier than the other three, but that should in no way effect your decision to buy this 
The Meaning of Bushido. If you are a fan of Twilight Samurai , then you will also enjoy this film, from the same film company. This film focuses on character 
Absolutely Fabulous DVD ! A must-have of any Mansfield Fan. I owned the VHS version of The Wild,Wild World but decided to get the DVD this winter.WELL..That was a great 
Christie s Evil Under the Sun. Peter Ustinov is far from the Christie description of Hercule Poirot, but Mr. Ustinov makes him more endearing. A good script, faithful to the 
Fancy yet simple. This is a great instructional DVD for beginners and for people who needs reliable moves to take to the dance floor.The best thing I could say about 
Wish it didn t end:. I loved the series Kindred the Embraced. It taught me a lot about the differant types of vampires. I really wish it didnt end. I 
Great variety and practice options for at home. I ve had this DVD for about 3 months now and use one of the practices on it at least twice each 
Lucky 7. Charming. Sweet, feel good movie that is good to watch over and over...especially don t mind watching Patrick Dempsey over and over again  
Slow Start, but we are Really Moving Now. The 4400 started a little slow for me, but some how they got me hooked. The diverse characters and complimenting story lines 
How much did luck affect your life?. There are great reviews about the movie and the characters already, so I ll skip that part.This is one of those movies that 
BACK TO THE FUTURE THE COMPLETE TRILOGY. LOVED THAT IT WAS IN FULL SCREEN, THE DVD D WERE IN PERFECT CONDITION AND ARRIVED VERY FAS  
Great, but the game choices are curious. When I first came across this set, and discovered it was going to contain eight games, I assumed they would be the four 
content is perfect but dvd navigation isn t good. Too bad about a number of things which may have brought more viewers to see this great series. First the price 
A must-have if you love this show. Get it! I wish there was more than just 4 seasons. Among the most underrated comedy shows of all time. The audio commentary 
A fascinating slice of Pennsylvanian coal mining history. The more historically accurate the film, the more it tends to drag. The Molly Maguires certainly passes this test! Still, it presents 
Very good on all levels. Scream:Scream was the movie of all movies my senior year of high school. It was all most people could talk about for the longest time... 
Even a jaded Disney viewer should like Snow White. I am often sickened by Disney s overpriced cheesy books, toys and other merchandise that are far from classic as well 
Irresistible war-time romance. Vincente Minnelli may be known as one of the greatest musical directors, if not the greatest. But when it comes to depict the eternal human character or 
Live Concert From Ireland - This Is The One. This live concert from the Point Theatre in Dublin, Ireland is terrific. The VHS has excellent sound and excellent video. There 
roger. i gotta admit, when i first saw this movie back in 1989 as a kid,i was pretty scared! now as an adult, this movie was so funny! but its 
Imagine Me & You. Quirky, quick paced and smooth comedy. Enjoyed it and recommend with ease  
Magnum P.I. This is a must have for Magnum P.I. fans. I have the first 6 seasons and can hardly wait for the final 2 seasons. They are always fun 
Where is the soundtrack? I can t find it anywhere!!!!!!. A stunning audioscape of pure flamenco. The only reason this film did not get a 5th star from me is 
The end of the 80 s and the decade of Vice. After five trendsetting seasons of defining the cultural 80 s vibe, Vice was beginning to lose its glamour and 
Improved with Age. I don t know why, but I didn t like this show as a kid. Now, I love it. It s a great show to watch with 
Everyone was my friend then... Hollywood make them, then they break them -- stars can fall as fast as they rise. Sometimes they rise again, and sometimes they disappear.And Christopher 
Fast and in great condition. The item I ordered came swiftly and I am very satisfied with the DVD. It was neatly packaged and professionally presented when it arrived.  
A real Beauty, but with some reservations. This production of Sleeping Beauty is in many ways very, very beautiful. First, the costumes and the sets. No expense was spared -- 
one of the funniest movies. this movie is hilarious...this is adam sandler at his best...a true comedy classic  
Love, Hate, and the Fear In Between. This microcosm of the our society and psyche shows we have a long way to go before we honestly and fairly treat each 
I love movies like this. Christopher Walken plays Frank White, a druglord, murderer, and thief who has just been released from prison. He seems to be a powerful man who 
Shaw Jones Bujold swing a blade. This was an attempt to revive the pirate movie. It didn t. But it was a great attempt.Red Ned Lynch Robert Shaw is the 
The Best of Youth. One of the best films I have ever seen ---long - but worth i  
reno 911 is the best. great product...DVD quality quite good...a must have if you are a Reno 911 fan..  
Great for the opposite reasons. My name is Jim McLain, spelled the same way as in the movie. This said I m here to tell you that this is a 
The Bridge on the River Kwai. This is a classic movie that I use to watch at night with my dad who passed many years ago. Yet it still brings 
Excellent value!!. Hey, it s Hitchcock. What else do you need to know? But buying these movies in a set for only 70 is fantastic compared to 15- 20 individually. 
Season 2!! Season 2!!. C mon MGM, hurry up and release Season 2! Preferably with some extras this time - commentary, bloopers, promos, whatever you ve got.Loved this series - 
From Here to Eternity. Eternity virtually swept the 1953 Oscars, and no wonder. It s a multi-layered human drama set within the larger canvas of World War II. The all-star 
Air America. This is a good movie for the pilots in the family. Not especially for children after a certain age but has alot of action and is terribly funny. 
a forty year three hour tour that still keeps us laughing. i m a father of two young boys and my wife and i control what we let our boys 
Super fun DVD!!!. Knit Fashions in Motion is a must have for uber fun project ideas. I can t say enough abut this dvd...it s living proof that knitting is 
Full Metal Jacket. There was a point in the eighties and nineties when we were bombarded with Vietnam movies and Vietnam TV series. Overloaded with guilt about ignoring the war 
great doc on the lips - if you re a fan, it s a must!. very well done doc on a great band. well worth the money  
1960 S ERA CULT CLASSIC. The Wanderers is many things...an urban gang drama, juvenile comedy, changing of the times study and more. It works on all these levels and has 
Disney rewrites Greek Mythology. What a shock, Disney changed a story when they adapted it to an animated feature. Hercules is representative of the whole Disney canon in this aspect. 
Fair compilation; good value for your money. This music video compilation is a must have for any 80 s music fan. The main problem with most such video compilations out 
john ford and john wayne end their calvary trilogy in style and the duke is first paired with o hara. ford and wayne made some of the best westerns really 
great movie. Been looking for a copy of this movie for our mom. She loves the story and her copy got lost  
NICE LONG MOVIE. After watching the novella version with my wife, and asking What did they say? a few hundred times, I especially enjoy the English Subtitles - so does 
Gets Creepy. I don t know if I d say this is a VERY creepy film like The Ring and almost scary, but it certainly is strange, starting with the 
- Some Like it HOT!. Wow I was born 35 years late - the 50 s look so innocent compared to the 00 s in your face flagrance. I liked 
Still Stomping!!!!. the Brothers Johnson always could bring it on stage. glad to see&hear the Brothers back on the stage doing what they do best.they are ripping it up on 
Pedro s Films. This movie set of Almodovar s films is fantastic and a treat for any Almodovar fan. Not only does it have some of his best work, but 
Absolutely Fabuleux!. I saw it as a teenager in Singapore and it is one of the most amazing shows ever out there- the no holds barred humour, nothing is off 
Great Movie. This movie is fun for the whole family and will make you laugh, cheer and just have a lot of fun. This one is a classi  
Great Lower Body Workout. I found this workout to be really great, could not make it through the whole video. Don t Know why people complain about these videos they 
Worth it if only for the classic clips. I bought this video upon recommendation from my violin teacher and I do not regret it. However as a documentary it is 
Mini Mafioso. If you ve seen DONNIE BRASCO, you ve seen parts of 10TH & WOLF.Here we have Tommy James Marsden, X-MEN: THE LAST STAND trying to set his life 
Woody s Masterpiece. I have been a major Woody Allen fanatic since I was 10 years old, but only now, after my third viewing of Husbands and Wives did I 
1988 s #1 film!. BIG,is indeed 1988 s highest-grossing film. Laverne & Shirley veteran Penny Marshall directs Tom Hanks in this comedy about a pre-teen boy who wishes he was 
Great DVD. This show was one of the funniest ever on TV and I never have been able to figure out why it was cancelled after 1 season! You ll 
Kimi is the best!!!. I love little baby Kimi!! I was so glad when she became one of the Rugrats at the end. She is so cute and so sweet, 
This movie is incredibly outstanding. This movie has so much more in it than just a guy who commits a crime and talks to a writer while waiting for his 
Am 80 s classic. In the 80 s when computers were becoming popular alternative to human personnel the govt choices to swap personnel for an artificial intelligence that controls of 
Inspiring and artistic - Peacefull and magnificent. at LAST !one film with no fearfull scenes - to be entertained doesnt mean someone needs to be frightened.. no nightmares ,...!AT LAST 
CherFunFacts. FYI: According to the A.C. Nielsen tv ratings, the #1 rated Variety show of the 1973-74 tv season was The Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour with a 23.3 rating 
An American Archetype?. I just finished viewing this incredible, astoundingly intense motion picture for the very first time after hearing about it for 20 years. Philip Baker Hall who played 
Poetry, Death, and Emma Thompson in One of the Finest Acting Performances Ever. It s no secret that WIT deals with a distinguished academic s travails with ovarian cancer, so 
Love it !!!. Agent Gracie Hart is back again only this time she s not meant to do any undercover operations after her cover was blown by an adoring fan. 
Prosperity was just around the corner...at the nearest bank!. Big business can make for strange bedfellows as is the case here, with the recently re-released film Big Bad Mama 1974 
Agatha Christie is the greatest mystery writer of all time. If you enjoy mysteries, you will love this collection. The plots are interesting and complex. The characters have great depth. 
YIP - IT s INDEED an AMAZING RACE!. Wonderful to see the first season of this amazing show. Great to witness the first episode and how the editors struggled to 
Ahead of its Time. HELP hit theater screens in 1965 in glorious color -- or colour, if you prefer. The previous year s A HARD DAY S NIGHT had budget 
How do you think Julia Roberts really feels?. Watching Julia Roberts play a jobless, skillness single mother whose greatest glory in life was winning a local beauty pageant, might make 
Prom Night. I enjoyed the movie very much. I m a collector of old B rated movies as well of the 1950 s. Hope to see more of the same 
A Great Film. Movies about homosexuals, teenage hustlers, and child molesters have been being made for years. For some reason, they ve suddenly surged in the past two years and 
good movie that may seem familiar. ever notice how much the fast and the furious is exactly the same plotline as point break? yea. instead of surfers its drivers. thats 
Jamie shines under pressure. It was quite refreshing to see Jamie in real day-to-day stuff, even managing to burn his own breakfast! I ve loved his previous dvds which are 
Classic Films!. These three films are all really fun and entertiaining films. This set is great if you do not own the three films on DVD yet. If you are 
fantastic! absolutely one of the best chinese movies ever made. the settings, actings, directing, editing....every ingredient in this movie looked just right and beautifully done. one of the best chinese 
the wizard of oz meets cinderella. this is movie not every one will like. it is loosley based on the book by gail carson levine. the movie is about a 
To Tulsa And Back is great. To Tulsa and Back is a well made documentary of an awesome artist. You will hear great music, see great photography, and experience history. 
The first and last Steve Irwin-Wiggles collaboration. My 2 year old grandson absolutely loves this Wiggles movie with the Steve Irwin family on location in Australia. It is also one 
about the movie sea of love....... This movie is sold over the singapore video shop counter which is the code 1. I bought them, hee hee and watched them. Here 
What a great collection!. It s rare to have such a collection of real, honest-to-God classics, in this case from the Universal horror vaults of the 1930s. Most collections , 
A Classic We Will Always Remember. 1976 King Kong is a classic. King Kong looks very real especialy the eyes. The new King Kong was ok yes we have come 
Another great 80 s movie. Bringing together an all-star 80 s cast, this movie seems to be a mesh of all favorites, or perhaps could be described as an older 
when plot is overcome. the idea behind the story as well as the acting of the three main characters both overcome the actual plot of this movie. It recieved a 
Great sci -fi movie!. I m not into these kinds of films at all, but this was excellent. It s too bad the trailer was cheesy otherwise I would have 
Super Superman!. I love it! I watched it as a young girl with my brother and I bought a set for me and one for him for Christmas! It took 
H.P. would be proud. What can I say - they managed to make a classic era monster film today. It has everything: fantastic atmosphere, a wonderful soundtrack and great actors. 
A Lot to Take In. Mysterious Skin is a tough movie to recommend. When you re dealing with a subject as serious as molestation and abuse, you know you have 
Support Your Local Gunfighter Sherriff. These are basically the same movie but both are funny and you can t help but love the cool, debonaire James Garner  
A Surprise!. Halloween H20 is the best since the first two films from the late 70 s and early 80 s. I was not expecting the genuine suspense that this 
The Most Romantic of All Disney Films. I fell in love with this movie when I was little, back in 1955 when Lady and the Tramp first came to the 
Shakespeare. Thinking of buying this one? I did because it has a Shakespeare connection. But it is really quite a nice flick.....it s fun to watch the cleverness of the 
A higher level buddy comedy. I didn t watch this one beforeBecause of all the hypeToo many buddy comediesWere coming through the pipeThis one caught me by surpriseIt really was 
 just sit right back and you ll hear a tale that you and the kids will love. say what you want, but 50 years from now this , star 
I love it!. I ve caught an advance look at this DVD. I love the fact that he has such an informal style of cooking. There are no hard and 
Schlocky yet creepy. Vincent Price. A haunted mansion house. Spooky caretakers. And a giant pile of money to any of the guests who lives through the night. What s not 
Broadway -The American Musical PBS Series . Several hours of reliving some wonderful Show memories, an erawhen musicals were tops. Not to be missed by anybody who lovesfirst rate musicals. 
Electrifying Flick. A number of things passed through my mind while viewing The Killer . Firstly, director John Woo, with the possible exception of Face Off , never approached the 
Finally - Men in Tights on DVD !!. These movies are all classics so you dont need to know if they re good - All I can say is that 
Next time take the bus... I rented Terror Train 1980 with a friend of mine about ten years ago and I remember after we watched it we were both like 
Fantastic Movie. A true masterpiece of cinema. This film not only showcases some of the best sound work done ever in film history, but showcases a true character perspective masterpiece. 
one of the funniest movies. this movie is hilarious...this is adam sandler at his best...a true comedy classic  
a great day. This is one of doris day s finest roles. Her great song is April in Paris. It s just so beautiful the way she puts everything she 
All ojections overruled. After watching volume 1, I could not wait for volume 2. The stories are even better than I remembered. The picture is wonderfully clear. This series is 
A U2 Fan Must Own. I ve been a U2 fan since their early years. You ll read many philosophical reviews and in-depth disections here, but my point of view 
A classic stage murder thriller... Ray Milland schemes to knock off his lovely wife Grace Kelly in order to support his flagging bank balance...His cause is justified by the fact 
SPENCER TRACY AND THE SEA ACT AS SURROGATE FATHERS TO FREDDY BARTHOLOMEW. Rudyard Kipling s classic boy s tale of the sea is inhabited by Freddy Bartholomew as spoiled rich 
very moving film. This movie is very inspiring. The Dawn Patrol, is very war related, as it takes place during the war and the patrol s of the flying aces 
When is this movie coming out??. This movie is genius in the fact that there was no script and absolutely phenominally acted. It received Oscar nominations that included major categories 
Elaine Stritch At Liberty. It s easy to see how Ms. Stritch won the Tony for this outstanding one-woman tour-de-fource! Her show is at once,funny, hilarious, touching, sad and jubilant. 
I Can t Get Enough!. Being a fan of Kiefer Sutherland and partly of Rocco, I knew I wanted to see this. Watching it for the first time on VH-1, 
a forty year three hour tour that still keeps us laughing. i m a father of two young boys and my wife and i control what we let our boys 
The perfect set of films. Thank goodness that Red Dragon is NOT included in this set. The set includes Michael Mann s excellent Manhunter , Jonathan Demme s Silence of 
Cult Classic Movie. This movie is wrong on so many levels, which is why I love it. It s not so much dark comedy as much as it s just 
Proof that Britney can sing!!. If you ve ever contemplated if teen queen Britney Spears can actually sing like she does on her hit-records, then this DVD is for you! 
the devil made me watch it... I ve been to and fro on Northwest so often recently, that I m running out of movies to watch while in transit. So, 
History as you may never see again. Eyewitnesses are given too much credibility and are notoriously inaccurate. Conspiracy buffs have fashioned an industry out of events told and retold but 
A spirited performance. I saw this performance in a copy of the original broadcast. Not only were Domingo, Scotto and Milnes in their prime but the overall production is beautiful.This 
As a tsunami, nothing was able to stop Cagney once he was aroused, and no one even thought to try... Public Enemy brought two things to the screen: the little 
Beautifully filmed, well-acted, and thought-provoking. Water is a beautifully filmed, well-acted, thought-provoking film. Aside from a couple of scenes seemingly in homage to Bollywood, it will move you deeply.It took 
Get it Now. If you have never seen DEF Poetry start now. If you are into flowery poems this is not for you. This is spoken word at its best 
Very Good!. Bought as a Father s Day gift for my boyfriend, & I enjoyed this also. Very good!! Camera angles are wonderful, as is background information. I highly recommend. 
This film is brilliant!. I just rewatched this film and am amazed at how timeless it is - except for the clothing - of course ; This film makes you 
The Bar Song. Enough has been said about this movie already, I think, considering its overall flimsiness. It really is ironic fun, as someone mentioned, and only for those who 
LOTR. I loved these movies, and watched the extended versions but preferred to purchase these ones because, i didnt read the books, so its just the movies for me, i 
Dream A Little Dream of this. This movie is an all time fave for me. I remember the first time I watched this movie I was 8yrs old. I didn 
Hoosier Hysteria. I am from Indiana and knew the story of Milan High School before the movie Hoosiers was made. For me, the Milan-Muncie state championship game was priceless. The 
He s evil. Pure evil!. Watching The Omen again all these years later much of its impact has worn off, and yes, it has dated quite badly, but it s 
A Delightful And Entertaining Fantasy!. Tim Burton did a splendid job with this Johnny Depp film; as a young man without real hands, [since his creator died before he could 
Good multi work-out dvd for Kathy Smith fans. Great upper and lower body workout with an aerobic section also. My only comment is that the upper and lower body workouts 
Forget your prejudice. This film is a delight from start to finish.The basic review might put you off- don t let it! Everday life in China as never seen in 
Outstanding performances by both Travolta and Johansson. I have been a Travolta fan since before the Saturday Night Fever days. I have seen him improve as an actor over the 
Sean Penn and Nicholson make a great team. Penn is amazing what what he put to script hereNicholson or Jack Nicholson is brilliant as his rolethe movie touches you , 
My favorite russian classic. I ve never been a huge fan of soviet cinema until I saw this great movie a few months ago. Sure Eisenstein is a great director 
I loved the wcw cruiserweight action and this turns up the volume. What a great disk. It has a bunch of matches from TNA Impact so you are not buying 
Things are flying!. The Delta Flyer appears this season along with Tom Paris Captain Proton adventures  
evolved comic some cool music and a good time. I was familiar with the series but didn t really get to fully enjoy this until recently. We did a full 
Best show i have EVER seen. Wow, I have to say , this is the best show I have ever seen on television. I also gave this to my parents 
NOT HONEST -- BUT GREAT CINEMA NONETHELESS!. IN A NUTSHELL: A MUTINY DURING A FAILED REBELLION IS RE-ENACTED GRAPHICALLY!The cast was comprised of people that looked the part rather than 
no title. In 1993, this was the best movie yet that Eastwood directed. Costner was perfect. It was right on target about lack of parenting and abuse and the consequences 
Endearing Sequel. This is an impressive sequel and a very good looking follow-up to ANNE OF THE GREEN GABLES. It is great to see Megan Follows as Anne Shirley once 
wonderful Crawford and Huston. the first time i saw the film was when i saw it in the sale in virgin mega stores.so i picked it up and put it 
Classic, beautiful, one of the best!. Disney has outdone itself with this one! It s a story both dark and bright, sweet and sour that leaves you with a sad 
------------DELIGHTFUL------------. I enjoyed this adaptation of EMMA and highly recommend it.Emma Woodhouse is a young woman who fancies herself a matchmaker. She feels like she s able to pair off 
romantic vision of a beautiful story. When you watch this film, you have to think back and analyze the time period. The Story of Ruth was made at a time 
Nothing Compares to Edwin Live. Although this DVD hasn t been released, I know it will be worth every penny spent! I was at this concert...and as usual, not a 
Invest your time and money. This is one of the best investments of 17 and 90 minutes of my time, I have made in a long time. I wish I 
 Was it worth it? . In BLOW, Johnny Depp gives us one of his earlier but no less brilliant performances as George Jung, the premier American cocaine importer of 
One of the movies my Mom likes that I ll actually watch!. I could watch this over and over again! It s so funny! The person who dissed women s 
Sharon Stone has a VERY fine pu #y. I love this movie. Sharon Stone use-to be one of the most sexyest women in the world, now she s just old 
Foxx is Still Funny. Even though he passed away years ago, Redd Foxx is still lively and ferocious with the one-liners and deadpan humor. This is the Foxx who entertained 
Only two problems. There are only two things that detract from this terrific DVD: the exclusion as another reviewer pointed out of a performance of Beat Surrender possibly from Top 
Great Film Noir!. You might not think Richard Powell could pull off a role as a hard-bitten private eye, but he comports himself well. The story winds around a bit 
Didn t Your Mother Teach you Not to..... Dirty Rotten Scoundrels is a classic comedy, driven from beginning to end by the crafty characters created by Michael Caine and Steve 
 I ve got My black belt in barstools! . After seeing Jackie Brown a couple of weeks ago and loving it, I decided to see the other films Pam 
of children and dolls... Let me first say, I like the J-Horror genre VERY much. This one completed failed to disappoint me. Yes, this is more psychological instead of guts 
Brilliant!. As a fan of New Order and Joy Division this was on the top of my list. Fast-paced, witty, and shot in documentary like style, 24 HOUR PARTY PEOPLE 
Great for the Fan - Lacking for the Maniac. This is a great DVD set for the fan, but falls short for the INXS maniac.It s great seeing these videos 
Excellent. Wonderful concert. The lighting, angles, quality, all brilliantly captured.All the songs on this DVD are from Pablo Honey The Bends, as well as a few b-sides which make it 
Fast Paced Movie!. Walking Tall is a better film than I had hoped it would be. It s a fast, action packed film that is over too soon. Which is 
What Inspires You?. Listening to artists speak about their process helped get the inspiration burning in me again too. A good film for any artist of any discipline ~ and 
Business. Money. And, oh yeah..... Family. Gene Simmons, by his own admission, is delusional and a workaholic. What makes the show interesting is that it s sad and admirable at 
Just what you need. It s a low price for a set of low-budget movies. Fair enough !I m into this just for the nostalgia. I m not going to 
Lots of weapons, young love, and giant bear costumes. Full Metal Panic: Fumoffu is sort of a spin-off of the original series Full Metal Panic. I ve never seen the 
Low-budget in the best possible way. Going into viewing LolliLove, I wasn t quite sure what to expect. I admit that I had some concerns that the positive reviews were 
when fellini became fellini & marcello became marcello. from this point on, fellini stopped being a director and became an adjective. long and episodic, this movie takes on the paparazzo 
It was worth the money!. I had previously bought the 1st version. Liked it very much. So I was eagerly looking forward to this latest version. Happy to know that 
They don t make em like this any more. For those of us of a certain age - which probably means anyone past 50, these days - this is an 
Boy Meets Girl. Jean-Luc Godard s Masculine -Feminine first opened in Los Angeles 38 years ago but it s charms and timeless tenderness are as insinuating and thoughtful as they 
River Phoenix in his prime. This movie is very simple, and unique. It s the kind of love story which you really believe in while you re watching because it 
Good product. Received the CD we ordered in a timely manner and in good shape as advertised  
Pure class. The extras on this are worth 5 stars alone. I fit into the category that The Princess Bride is a wonderful film, whatever your age, and it is 
A dark suspenseful thriller. First of all, I watched this mainly to see Alan Rickman. When I started watching the film, I have to admit, I almost didn t care 
Very funny, extremely cute, demented movie. Remember this about top ranking Amazon reviewers: There is nothing special about them other than they have a lot of time on their hands 
She is unbelievable. Neko Case is one of the greatest sounding singers I ve ever heard. I was a little disappointed that this DVD was recorded before Fox Confessor Brings 
Nashville--Altman Classic. Robert Altman has done some really rotten movies and some wonderful movies-- Mash is one and Nashville is another. If you can keep up with more than a 
Wonderful. This is the story of British General Charles Chinese Gordon s final battle. It is a little know episode to Americans but is a compelling story made even more 
Cute, inspirational and entertaining!. Get a group of rich kids from Beverly Hills and a zany troop leader that proves that with hardwork and determination you can do anything; despite, 
Great Set for Poker Fans. If you are a fan of the game of poker you will surely enjoy World Poker Tour-Season Two. The show comes on the travel channel. 
Wonderful movie with similarities that made me smile. Rebel Without a Cause is the first movie of James Dean s that I ve ever seen. I plan to watch his 
Supersized sickness. Spurlock decided to undertake an interesting experiment with his own health; eat nothing but McDonald s fast food for 30 days. The result; his health gets ruined.While Spurlock 
Armwrestler s Delight. I bought this DVD for my boyfriend who armwrestles professionally before I dated him I didn t know there was such a thing . Anyway, I got 
Cute. Real Herbie lover, new modern twist. Fun to see changes they made to the car. Must watch understanding not the same as the old ones.  
wow. i got this like the day after i bought it! very good condition. i just love this movie  
Perfectly Casted!. The characters in Guess Who are believable, and not just likable, but downright lovable! Kellee Stewart as sister Keisha shines in her supporting role as lil sis! Bernie 
A Cult Classic that will always HAUNT!. I first saw this movie as a teenager at the theater. After the movie, as my boyfriend and I were walking though the 
The Best Children movie. I am 50 years old and I remembered this movie as one that had a greait impact on the way I thoght and felt after seeing 
Supernatural is a great new show I highly recommend!. I recently completed watching the entire season of Supernatural. I did not know what to really expect, but in the end 
Can t wait. Well, I have to wait - but I ve been waiting for years for this come out on DVD and now that everyone has diss ed the 
Everyday, in effect, is a movie in one s life. This film presents a experiment in the cinematic communication of visible event, without the aid of inter-titles, without the aid 
Great Set. I just purchased this set for my son who loves Thomas. I am looking forward to watching some with him. I don t think we will be disappointed 
Thought provoking. All or Nothing is a fascinating but disturbing portrayal of the lives of struggling working class people in a London tenement. It is a very thought provoking film 
A Great And Funny Horror Classic: Belongs In Every Collection!. This is one the greatest horror classics of all time. Ash Bruce Campbell pulls it off as the bumbling hero 
Spiderman the new animated series ROCKS. the charachters and grafics are the some of the best and most detailed that I have ever seen in a childrens television show.WOW  
Awesome Movie with twists. I like this movie it was crazy from the start to end but being a fan of Sundance Movies this was a good one I liked 
Space cat. Come to Earth, looking as any other cat, but his collar glows, causeing things to happen. A great family movie.Ken Berry, Sandy Duncon are acting great  
impossibly good..the GIANT return!!. Well, the earlier Gentle Giant dvd was really enjoyable, to see them live after all tthese nearly 30 years!!Giant on the Box was great to obtain 
Right On time. We really enjoyed this movie. During the Christmas holidays, it used to be traditonal viewing biblical movies and stories on Christ. This movie is one of those 
Good disk as advertised. Product arrived on time and in EXCELLENT condition. My compliments to your vendor for his honesty and integrity  
Great Movie. This movie is top-notch hilarity, this is a must-own for Sandler fans or slapstick comedy fans. This movie is a classic in many ways and has a lot 
Perfect as always. Olivia is the greatest - though the only downside to these DVD s is that she did others that would have been nice to see instead of 
Great Balance for its time. John Wayne stars as Hondo Lane, a half-Indian message carrier and gunslinger in New Mexico. He first shows up at the ranch of Mrs. Angie 
Gift makes girl happy. I own Cats DVD and CD already so was delighted to provide a copy of the DVD for my young friend Elizabeth who is stage-struck, to 
Beautifully British. LIKE IT IS Amos Lassen and Cinema PrideFirst Run Features released a few years ago a wonderful little movie called Like It is . It s the story 
Worthy of watching if only for the beautiful scenery. There is not a great deal of plot, if you liked Hostel chances are you ll enjoy this film, which is 
EXCELLENT ADAPTATION for Hollywood, that is.... . This film was highly entertaining, filled with lots of action and excellent special effects, although I suspect budgetary limitations kept them from representing 
Good disk as advertised. Product arrived on time and in EXCELLENT condition. My compliments to your vendor for his honesty and integrity  
Rockin rydell Fun. After many years of watching Grease on TV I finally purchased the CD. I am so glad I did. What a wonderful and enjoyable movie. It makes 
Sweet-Natured and Sexy. John Cameron Mitchell s SHORTBUS is that rarity, a film that manages to be both clear-eyed and idealistic about sex. The screenplay was developed through improvisational work 
Looks easy but is AWESOME! Well worth it. It s funny; I never write reviews, but I wanted to becasue this workout is great. It s divided into two chapters, 
The Right Stuff almost. As a fan of the space program and it s great history I really like this movie. This is an excellent dvd of the movie, and 
 Baseball s My Racket and I m Stickin To It . I ve been lonely and hungry for something practically all my life. Long John WilloughbyThis Frank Capra film, 
Can we not get ahead of ourselves, here?. I d just like to state in defense of the rioting over disobey your parents and everything will be alright , that 
A Fast Paced Comedy Drama of Yuppies in Mexico City. SEX, SHAME AND TEARS is a difficult movie to classify: for the first part of the movie it feels as 
This movie captivates me. No matter how often I watch it. There is just somthing about this movie that grabs my soul. I ve seen it about 15 times now 
Fun Dancing. I could have done without Paula in this but my daughter enjoyed the dancing...she was trying to dance also...more like jumping!!! She enjoyed it!!! Neat to see the 
Glamorous Girlmores!. The Forth Season of gilmore girls had me hooked and in a trance for about a week. I watched it over and over again and i still do. 
better than I expected. I really liked this one... can t wait for next season to be released.  
Actually it s 3.5 but I d give it a four.... I watched this on TV and I will give a review. I watched it because there wasn t anything 
A wonderful film which floats on the love of words, rhythm, and imagery... Nominated for Best Actor Massimo Troisi , Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Music, Best Director, and Best Picture, 
Improv Geniuses are Best in Show. The whole family enjoyed this charming and funny 2000 mockumentary about the dog show world, culminating in the Mayflower Kennel Club show in Philadelphia 
Excellent Teacher. The guy on this DVD is a professor at the Berkeley school of music. It shows. He is excellent at explaining things. He breaks them down in to 
Awesome performance, well presented. I d heard the audio from this release, but knew that I needed the DVD to get the extra tracks. I was also eager to see 
so interesting. Its a really nice DVD, enjoyed every minute, visually beatiful and physically very interesting, easy to understand for people who doesnt know much about the topic.  
Great Movie. Tony Scott is a master. After Man on Fire, I think this is his best work. Great visual effects  
Happy Gilmore. Adam Sandler at his best! A very funny movie which both my hubby and I enjoyed.Once again 5 stars to Amazon for it s quick delivery and packaging 
Fantastic Overall Workout!. I bought this tape years ago and loved it. I recently moved and the tape was misplaced in the move! Of course I had to replace it. 
Modern Marvels - Walt Disney World. We loved this DVD! It is great for kids of ALL ages! This DVD is a MUST HAVE for all who love Disney  
What Men Do. This series is awesome, and I am incredibly happy to have it to watch over and over. It speaks to the depths of the soul of a 
Small-Scale Indie Has Its Charms and Nicely Etched Performances. I am hopeful that Katie Holmes has not forsaken a promising acting career to become tabloid fodder and a Stepford wife 
Comical!. Surprise Santa is a great DVD featuring four episodes, including one for Christmas. Created by Icelandic aerobic champion and entrepeneur Magnus Scheving who plays Sportacus , LazyTown is a 
TERRIFIC KING ADAPTION, WRONGFULLY MISJUDGED. I was skeptical at first, especially after reading some of the pans on the Amazon website. However, after the first viewing SALEM S LOT emerges 
Interesting way to depict World War I. This recent British film focuses on Johnny, the son of King George V, who suffers from seizures and so is kept out of 
5 for rats 3 for hell of living dead. first of all its true all the rats being killed in this film are real but thats wat they did back 
For the Modern Woman. On viewing Series 3, I was struck by how well the producers targeted all three series to the late 20th-century-middle-class-working-woman-viewer. The House of Elliott is all 
Fools rush in. DVD newcomer Fort Apache 1948 looks great, with minimal wear on its crisp black-and-white images from original nitrate elements and bugle-brisk audio. The film, ironically, finds Henry 
redemption. Two years later, the Red Sox fan still wakes up on the odd morning late in September thinking it never happened. It was a utopian dream, the comfort of 
Mean Streets Still. This 1973 gangster flick marks the major coming out party of sorts for the likes of director Martin Scorsese and actors Robert DeNiro and Harvey Keitel. Despite 
Another good gangster film. With the implementation of the Hays Code in 1934, Warner Brothers explored new ways of retaining the excitement of the pre code films while honouring the 
Survivors unite against Freddy Krueger. New director for this third episode. The modern world is growing and we are starting to have the information highway coming into the picture. The 
Frank On Collins Avenue. The films begins with picturesque shots of Miami Florida, circa 1959, that alone could be worth the price of admission. The exterior of the hotel that 
The full circle of Ringu . This DVD set is very great to watch! I love the Japanese movies. I really love all of the movies on this DVD set. 
The best show on Television. Easy! How can anoyone not appriciate this show? It does such a great job of making you relate to the chrachters of people but all 
All hail the Cryptkeeper!. Tales from the crypt as you might know is the popular horror series that was on HBO during the early ninties so this film is the 
Real Friendship. This movie is one of my personal favorites and probably one of rob reiners best directionals masterpeices. he hit the time, the place and the kids perfectly. this 
the second shining. as someone who reads stephen king novels more than watching the ones made for tv or movies I find this edition of the shining more true to 
Live 8 Rocks. This DVD will Rock for everyone. You can not beet the variety of music. Having U2 and Paul McCartney on stage together was awsome as well as 
DVD review, not a show review. I watched all eleven episodes within 48 hours of buying the DVD because I missed all of Season 5 on t.v.. DVD has extensive 
pretty good Fantasey!. To tell you the truth i had never read the book before because the libary always has other holds on it but i went ahead and wacthed 
Awesome, A must have!. I finally found out this was out on DVD after having the VHS version for many years. The DVD edit is very close to the VHS 
THE BEST ZOMBIE MOVIE EVER!!. I first saw this when I was 19, in 1980 when Dawn was only a couple of years old, and I was catatonic all night! 
How a sequel ought to be done. This movie is a perfect example of how a sequel ought to be done. We pick up with the same characters--no changes, no 
A Great And Funny Horror Classic: Belongs In Every Collection!. This is one the greatest horror classics of all time. Ash Bruce Campbell pulls it off as the bumbling hero 
Almost all my favorites now. This collection pretty much completes my list of favorite Bugs Bunny and Porky Pig cartoons. I m especially happy with the release of Little Beau 
of red and silence... There s not much I can say about this film that hasn t already been said. But I will say that I like the following quote 
One of Godard s - and the French New Wave s - Most Enjoyable Films. The words accesibility and fun do not often go together with Jean-Luc Godard. He is 
Hansel & Gretel. I really enjoyed this movie, while Howey has changed much from his older comedy routines he is still funny and the rest of the actors add some 
Amazing. This really shows what HD can be. A must have for any NIN fan  
LIKE lighten up already 2 said in a review. Like lighten up already 2 said in the review of this DVD, I want historical accruacy. I wrote my opinions of 
The Inn of six happiness. Classic performance by Ingrid Bergman, based on a true heroic story about a woman who follow her dream and fullfiled her her life mission  
The mystery: What makes a great movie great. This is on everyone s list as one of the great movies of all time. It is also the movie I have 
Love it!. You just can t beat Children s Television Workshop for creating wonderful, developmentally appropriate products. My 13 month old loves bopping along, and has started to immitate words 
Absolutely one of the greatest film ever made. amazing, beautiful trascendental film, minimalistic but profound. Watch it  
great wwii flick. lots of stars in this movie with a terrific comic relief scene involvingbob newhart as only he can be portraye  
Move over Chad McQueen, Jake Busey is coming through. That s right, everyone. I know that all of you out there thought that Chad McQueen was this planet s greatest 
A magical classic of a film - vintage Sayles. Like a breath of fresh country air, this film clears out your lungs and enchants your soul. Unlike anything you ve 
Great family comedy... One of the most beloved shows in television history, The Andy Griffith Show takes its viewers back to a simpler time of small town America, apple pie, 
A beautiful drawn picture of an inspiring encounter. one of the best movies i ve seen lately.it s not so much the plot, but a picture that is drawn in 
Beauty Shop. Great movie. Queen Latifah has done it again.Alicia Silverstone and Andie MacDowell were wonderful  
The Gold Standard. The more you understand Pilates, the more you understand it is a very, very challenging exercise method. As far as I m concerned, this video shows Reformer 
Episode List. 1. The Girls Go Into Business2. Lucy and Ethel buy the Same Dress3. Equal Rights4. Baby Pictures5. Lucy Tells The Truth6. THe French Revue7. Redecorating the Mertzes apartment8. 
Surprisingly good!. I liked it! While nothing can top John Carpenter s original Halloween -- sequels and remakes almost always fall short of our expectations -- H20 is suspensful and 
revenge of the rats. didn t expect much when watching this movie and it turned out to be really good, a great low budget movie! there s so many bad 
The BEST DVD for Toddlers by FAR!!. My 20 month old daughter absolutely LOVES this DVD. This is the ONLY DVD that she will watch for the entire length of 
I was skeptical, but this was a FUN movie. I saw this on cable, and was skeptical, because the premise of the movie sounded kind of dumb. It revolved around 
definately made me think. After watching this movie, I definately had to stop and think about how subordinated these women are and what jerks live in America. We have people 
ANOTHER GOOD NON-ACTION FILM FROM ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER. A COP [ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER] BECOMES A TEACHER FOR A KINDEGARTEN CLASS. VERY FUNNY AND VERY DRAMATIC AT TIMES. HAS GOOD ACTING AND THE 
Never put a hat on the bed. Bob Matt Dillon has a perfect druggie s life. He and his wife Dianne Kelly Lynch and close friend Rick James LeGros have 
A True Classic in every sense... This is a MUST for any true videophile!Action, intrique, romance [but not smarmy, mushy romance], gorgeous locations for brutal scenes, incredible time-relevant costumes, impeccable 
Wonderful true-to-life movie!. As a worker in the field of MRDD mental retardation and developmental diabilities , I am always interested to see movies or documentaries about the people we 
knock, knock?. This is a good movie. Saw this on cable when I was a kid, loved it. Found it finally on dvd when I had enough money to buy 
Cute, funny, tear-jerker and everything in between :- . I quite liked this movie. It isn t ever going to be an absolute favourite of mine, but it s very 
Good Dvd, Not Great Though. This dvd isn t as bad as alot of people say it is. Sure its not near one of the best dvds ever, but it 
THE DEMON SHINES!!. THIS IS A 1980 S NO HOLDS BARRED ACTION FLICK AT IT S BEST.EX CIA AGENT NICK RANDALL HAUER TURNED BOUNTY HUNTER,WILL STOP AT NOTHING TO GET 
If You re New or Experienced..... I started taking lessons at a good Pilates studio not too long ago. The teachers suggested this 2-DVD set because it showed how to 
Searching for your goals... Whisper of the Heart is a wonderful story about a schoolgirl, Shizuku, who is worried about her future. What will she be? What can she do? 
Not a NEW collection so be Warned. Despite what the description says, this is NOT a NEW collection of wild and wacky adventures. It is a collection of 8 older 
If you were a fan then, get ready to be a fan again!. Finally WrestleMania has come to DVD. While the WWE has really screwed up the current product, the 
Great Workouts!. This DVD has wonderful workouts. I think the flexibility of 10 min. workouts to target certain areas is a fabulous idea. It keeps me motivated to keep going.The 
Still Hot After Nearly Half a Decade!. This two-hour film is hilarious and supremely well acted, affording it a permanent place in the movie pantheon. Never a wasted second, thanks 
A New Hybrid. Scotland, PA was a hilarious adventure for me. I laughed hysterically. I didn t realize until I read professional reviews that the film didn t work because 
A Hidden Gem of a Movie. It seems that many of us who are taking the time to review this very good movie came away with the same feeling of 
GREAT. THIS WOULD BE SO GOOD AS A GIFT TO A LOVED ONE OR FRIEND! ITS FUNNY NO MATTER WHAT YOUR AGE,RACE,RELIGION,WHETHER YOU ARE MALE FEMALE ETC!!SUCH A TIMELESS CLASSIC 
Excelent film. I saw the film years ago, but this director s cut makes a big difference. I recommend Blade Runner to everyone  
Welcome to the Romanov family. Best thing:Covers the entire span of Romanov rule in Russia. If you re like me and not an aficionado of the Romanov family, it is 
quality. If you enjoy Six Ft. Under, no disappointments here. Just as good as the original run. However, the DVDs do come in a pop-up sort of display packaging and 
I Like It. With a reference to Jewish mysticism, this black and white movie perfectly highlights a psychotic world of a talented mathematician attempting to unlock world mysteries Chaos see: 
Ecstasy. Herzog s films are often about rulebreakers, visionaries and daredevils, something which he has always been himself. Being a daredevil flirting with death makes one feel alive, which is 
The Story of a WWII Aircraft carrier--in Color--A Must-See. This 62-minute color DVD is taken from a war documentary done in 1944 and meant for Home Front theater audiences. It 
A cornucopia of sleaze... During the golden age of films, prior to television, massive, palatial, ornately decorated theaters were constructed as going to the movies was often an event. After 
Very tough, realistic and softly romantic... One-Eyed Jacks might be considered the most self-consciously Western of the sixties, and possibly of all time... It contains undoubted visual attributes, gorgeous photographic 
Wow. A few weeks ago my 18-year-old son asked me if I had ever seen a movie about an old man who drives his lawnmower on a long trip to 
Very Good Movie. Ok, we bought this DVD because it was filmed on our area, our friends were extras and it was about our home town of Cut Off, LA. 
a must buy... for anyone who wants to understand better the real history of the GBLT movement. Great presentation, easy to watch and informative. A tool for educating anyone willing 
DVD is on the Way!!!. Good news Mike Leigh fans, this movie is now scheduled to be released on DVD on September 6, 2005 according to Amazon!!The movie is an 
Jean claude at his best. What can i say about this film that hasnt been said? This is jean claude at his best. Kickboxer is a great film. Its a 
Swing Shift DVD. Excellent underrated film depicting the unique issues and trials faced by American women during World War II. There were production troubles script rewrites and critics had a 
Even more creative than the first season. I was hooked with Season 1 and Season 2 does not disappoint. Each Wed evening after the kids were in bed, my friends 
TYRONE POWER AND MAUREEN O HARA AT THEIR FINEST. I FIRST SAW THIS MOVIE ON TV ABOUT 50 YEARS AGO AS A KID, I FELL IN LOVE WITH PIRATE SWASHBUCKLER 
Barbara Cook in Mostly Sondheim. Barbara Cook is a phenomenon. This DVD is so wonderful it is simply hard to describe. Of course, her performance is first rate but what 
Good Movie, Confusing Box. Why isnt Sam Rockwell on the box? It makes no sence. I bought my copy from a video store and it was labled mystery. Whats up 
I actually thought it was sweet. Not in that way sweet, of course. the fact that he rode a horse to her and stayed together and wont let sex come 
murder in suburbia. i thought this was a great season when will the next be out. li am anxious to see it.  
Very Enjoyable. I really enjoyed this film and I know nothing about soccer. I liked the acting and as a teacher I found the relationshop between CF and his students 
This Is A Great Movie To See At Your Local Drive In Theatre. This movie is a very good adaptation of the Stephen King story Trucks and King even directed 
Very Well Done. As an Oklahoman, I remember thinking it was about time that Bill Tilghman had gotten his due when it came to a film about him. I d 
armagedon 2002 is a 4 star ppv. 80-76 -perfect75-71 -awsome70-66 -good65-61 -poor60-56 -awful1. fatal 4 way for the world tag team champion shipsy2j & christian {the champs} vs booker t 
Hulk HD-DVD. You will not find a more spectacular looking HD-DVD. This is the movie to have to show off your HD system to your friends. Simply amazing. Pay no 
funny but be cautious. This is a classic comedy, but my wife and I had forgotten that it does contain a lot of bad language and I don t mean 
The Blue Man. My daugther loves this movie and watches it over and over again. Very good clean humor  
Another great collection of Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies. For the fans of Warner Bros. animation,here is another great collection of the studio s Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies,presented in 
Good, not SUPER!... The overall story of the series is interesting. The tease romance of the main male and female is no more than typical of most anime shows, promising 
An old-time favourite. Take a sentimental journey but don t forget to bring your Kleenex! This old time film classic will transport you right back to the 30 s like 
Very Good. I enjoyed this well-made version of the novel. It was intelligently made and very moving, especially toward the end. It is a stirring testimony to loyalty and love. 
A great Star Trek story and much superior to the first film. Now 25 years old, this movie still holds up very well. I remember how delighted we fans were 
Partners in Crime-The Dame s Sense of Humor. I remember watching this series originally on PBS and enjoying it very much. I enjoyed very much watching it again. The chemistry 
Intense and captivating. The Bonnie and Clyde legend is given some needed realism in this intense and captivating drama. Rather than the fame they have oft been given, their more 
To clear up something... A few months have passed since the viewer below me wrote about the glitch on the season five dvd set of I Love Lucy . According 
extraordinary. A real achievement. I ve been a fan of Gondry s from his music video work- but this film is a whole order of magnitude different. The most heartfelt 
It Is Indeed Only A Heart Made Of STONE ... ...that doesn t melt at that ending, one of the most wonderful and unconventional rides off into the sunset ever 
What A Score. I gave my daughter this 2 disc edition for Christmas and now have gotten to see the extras that are included on the second disc. The movie 
This Is How To Make An Unbiased Political Movie. You know what I really appreciated about this political story? The filmmakers went overboard NOT to paint the main character as 
Highly Recommended!. This is the best of the animated films that flooded the box office this summer. Great voice talent, great storyline, and a highly enjoyable time at the movies. 
Close to perfect. I love that you can customize your workout--how cool is that! She demonstrates some very difficult poses which gives you a goal to work toward if you 
Good Voodoo Thriller. The Believers is a good one because they make it so, well, believable. Sheen loses his wife in a tragic and frightening appliance accident yes, I know 
Baby Lovers. This was very well done. The DVD presents various topics like movement, speech, perception related to infant development. They include clips from some very interesting research studies. The 
The Best Funk MAN EVER. This DVD is a wonderful collection for those who like old school funk. Maceo lays the funk down. I give it 6 stars!!!IceBlu  
Clive Is At it Again!. Clive Barker leaves one good horror series and starts another good one. Candy is a great horror movie with loads or gore and violence. The 
ABBA and Gloria Gaynor never sounded so FABULOUS!. The best girls are boys from this wicked Australian film. When three queens travel to the middle of Australia from Sydney they 
Sweet as candy.. .. Jenna Fischer of NBC S The Office unleashes a Troma-distributed mockumentary about a wealthy couple Fischer and Gunn who decide to help the homeless. How, you 
Awesome Video!. I would highly recommend this video if you are looking for something to motivate kids and that they can keep up with and have fun but still get 
Great Family Viewing!. I have four boys between the ages of 11 and 2. I ordered seasons 1 & 2 and they love it. Every night we turn Daniel Boone 
Invest your time to watch this one, Finance professionals. Proves the point: Grees is good at times  
great collection. If you are a Bogie Bacall fan, you have to have this set. All are classics.  
Interesting concept. The book is better than the movie but I like this genre so I gave it a try. Glad I did  
Be funny. Great movie, although it is very similar to get shorty I liked this one better, just because Uma Thurman rock  
Midsomer County in Set Six, where the corpses accumulate faster than in Cabot Cove. If Detective Chief Inspector Tom Barnaby were ever to compare notes with mystery writer Jessica Fletcher, 
Excellent low budget suspense. This movie reminds me of the low budget suspense movies from guys that are now famous studio directors. It kept me on the edge of my 
Everyone should see this movie. This movie is so powerful. It forces the viewer to take a look at things we here in the U.S. don t normally see. I 
a true classic in every way.... This is a classic flick in every way! It has some not so great acting, and a little cheesyness here & there, but all 
Where the Boys Are - movie. This is one of my two top favorite movies of all time. It was still a time of innocence in movies when things were 
Would have been a 5, but they cut some stuff!. Hey, the only GOOD review you get about a movie is your own. Don t want to go out on 
Romance with a soda fountain!. A great film for fans of Lost In Translation . The DVD transfer looks pretty good. Check out the second part to this film Fallen 
Nice. I really like this, I started drumming that day and could do it with clear understanding. He also goes through the video slow and precise so that the beginner 
All teen movies should be this great. I love this movie. While the teen movie stereotypes are always apparent in every film, She s All That doesn t go overboard 
when will season 5 be released on dvd?. when will season 5 be released on dvd  
Wow!!!. I was totally amazed by Keiths performances. He has a gift in that he can excude such emotion with each song, especially You ll Think of Me , Making 
Casshan is my hero. I grew up in Japan and I was a huge fan of its orginal TV series in 70s. I am plesantly surprised how anime has been 
Willow -. Applicable to ages 8 thru 80, this movie is a classic piece of story telling. With its tight script and excellent acting, it would make an excellent addition 
Funny, Sweet, Cute. I love the movie I rated it 5 stars because I think it is a very good movie. It is so funny and I love the people 
Bargain. While I thought the series was getting a bit old by the 3rd movie, this is still a very good price for getting 3 decent movies. All have their 
By Dwn s Early Light. A good job giving a possible wose case senerio for WWIII  
Bullock s Auspicious First Starring Vehicle Still Retains Its Charm...So Does She. Even though she showed a deft touch for racist vitriol in Paul Haggis Crash , Sandra Bullock will 
Favorite books come to life. I m a special ed teacher for K-1 and my students love these videos. They add a visual depth to these classic stories. Don t 
Low Expectations..but VERY GOOD. This was a flop film..but its actually a Very very Good FIlm.. deals with the hardship of realities.. that can happend.. directed brillainytky,,great acting...If you like 
Drake and Josh Go Holllywood - The Movie. My 8 year old son and 4 year old daughter aboslutely love Drake and Josh! They know what time it comes on 
Great Set. Doris Day is great. I have always been a fan of hers. The movies in this set give us a good representation of her dramatic and comedic skills 
Bravo!. Another of Rudolph Valentino s cinematic triumphs. He stars as a bullfighter who is torn between two women. It s a very good film and the bullfighting scenes are 
Suspenseful. This movie keeps you on the edge of your seat the entire time. Ryan Gosling and Sandra Bullock are great  
Convincing despite straining credibility. The story gets a bit complicated because it deals a little bit with law issues. The real problem is that most of us get kind of 
Big. A fun movie for all ages! Tom Hanks is a thirteen year old boy that is small for his age and can t wait to grow up. At a 
Delightful, just delightful. Enough has already been said about this fun and funny movie. The only thing I would like to add is that the music is awesome, and I 
Loved it!. Matthew Macfadyen played his role beautifully as Daniel. Truly a good film to watch  
Great movie. I actually just saw this movie recently, and I have to say it s definitely my favorite Christian Slater flick. The dialogue in this movie is incredible and 
Kelly, Beyonce and Michelle Strut Their Stuff... ....and come up with a powerful stage show filmed in Rotterdam. You can see--and this is no criticism, but an observation--clearly which of 
Video Audio quality is great; the movie is so-so. In reviewing a Blu Ray version of a movie, you have to separate the audio video quality of the version as 
Old Favorite on Dvd. What a treat to see this beautiful film on dvd. I had seen it on vhs years ago, and recently found and read BIKO by Donald 
Skillful dancing, footwork, fan. This is the third learning program that I review from Puela Lunaris and it has been abundant in benefit to my belly dancing. There is an 
A memory of 30 years comes to life. I first saw this film when I was thirteen - perhaps even younger, as I recall seeing it in black and white. 
A simply amazing movie. One of the best movies I have seen in a long time  
It almost goes the whole way to perfect... This movie was really on track to be an earth shattering experience for us sci-fi geeks. Here s why: creeped out techno 
What happened to the Oscar nods?. I just watched Return to Paradise. Why had I not ever heard of this movie? It is excellent. Vince Vaughn, Anne Heche and Joaquin 
excellent. After putting on more weight than I should have during my first two pregnancies, I was very lucky to find Leisa Hart s Fitmama Prenatal video and then the 
Required. Every family in the United States should have a copy and review it often.This is going to be our lives for the next 50 years if we can t 
the 6th man. on a scale form 1to5 i give this game a 500000000000000000000000000 it is so funny. i have watched it over 10 times and i m still not 
It sounds good. Hi everyone. MOst of you know who Tom Clancy is. He has video games out there. Like Tom Clancy s Rainbow 6 and Tom Clancy s Splinter 
The resisting disciple. I knew next to nothing about Dietrich Bonhoeffer s life except that he was executed for involvement in a plot against Hitler. This film will fill in 
An entertaining intro to the Fench Revolution... This is not a completely accurate account, but hell, how could it be, it was over two hundred years ago....Some facts and other 
Enjoyable Mysteries. If your a fan of the old black and white mysteries of the 30 s and 40 , like Charlie Chan and Sherlock Holmes, you will want to 
GREAT MOVIE BUT DVD LACKS A BIT. Great Movie ! Can t argue that but the DVD lets it down a bit. The menu items do not work properly unless 
Bobby Standlee. I bought this movie not knowing what to expect. This is a great horror movie. Break out the popcorn, cokes and lean back for a scarey ride. Great 
Marlon Brando and Colonialism. This Pontecorvo film on colonialism and slavery has been unfortunately a hidden piece of Brando filmography. Yet, Brando is at his best in portraying a British 
SOUTH PACIFIC, redux. This movie is an excellent rendition of the original Broadway production by Rodgers and Hammerstein that opened in April 1949 and ran for 5 years.Mitzi Gaynor and 
Great Movie To Watch. I was inspired to watch To Have and Have Not by to reasons: Humphrey Bogart was always one of my favorite actors of Golden Age and 
Great Workout!. This workout is a nice change of pace... I usually just spend time at the gym doing cardio and weights, but switching things up with the fat burning 
One of Scorsese s best. A number of months ago I sat in a darkened theatre and watched Brokeback Mountain. While I thought the film was quite good certainly better 
Balthazar s Agony. Balthazar is a majestic film, the work which converted me to Bresson s uncompromising, graceful vision. Though dark, it hasn t the cynical pessimism of some of 
A breath of fresh air. This dvd does not claim to contain a debate about the origins of Christianity; it discusses an alternate viewpoint as Dan Brown reminds us the 
Old message - new story. My 4-year-old loves LazyTown, and it is one of the few CD s I allow him to watch without me. The stories are simple but 
A real, honest, and memorable film you must appreciate. I ve seen this wonderful movie several times and can honestly say this; The movie itself is dramatic, funny, moving, exciting, 
Wow! Great sex!!. This is my all-time fave sex movie to get me in the mood! It is a lil wierd that it is kind of dark...but it has great 
The Best Massage Video Combo I ve Seen. I was very pleased with the quality and completeness of the massage combo. As a nursing student and a former massage therapist 
WOW!!!!. This film is a classic on so many levels and for so many reasons, I can t even encapsulate them all. Lurid, innocent, sexy, sensuous, humorous, earthy, sad, --- 
Tarheelers Just Don t Know... It s apparent that those who have the 1-star ratings for this video are not Duke fans and even some admit it . So, if 
Impressive. I was suprised at how good this movie was. Well, I was suprised at James Van Der Beek s performance. I am not really sold on him as an 
Your security stinks!!. So barks iron-jawed Robert Stack at the end of this draining flight. This movie is almost more than a body can handle. Flight 502 leaves New York 
Let Release the it in Seasons now!. Everyone buy this DVD so they ll start releasing Drew Carey in seasons, for 9 buxs, its worth it! It has 6 eposodes 
What did you expect?. This is a great movie about the legend of Knievel, more based on fact than the 1971 movie of the same name. Eads was as cocky 
Absurdity of Life. While some parts of the movie appear random, unfunny and dumb, what makes them successful is the scope of the film which is to denote the absurdity 
All action with a story included. I went into watching this movie with no knowledge of what it was about. I ended up in the end of it loving it. 
you won t regret buying Thumb Wars. If you re any fan of the originals, you re going to love this version. A must have for your DVD collection.I just 
This deserves 5 not 4. This movie is so good! Time travel,romance,comedy,wild transformations galore. A wonderful parody drama of Journey to the West .. Steven Chow was a perfect choice 
Overlooked thriller. I picked up this DVD almost as an afterthought a couple years ago. I recently watched it again and was struck at how good everything is: excellent cast, 
Very fast shipping!. I received this very quickly and I hope to do business in the future with this person.  
The beginning is not boring. My comment is about the surprise that many reviews here say that the beginning is slow and boring. For me it is the important part 
LOVE THIS MOVIE. THIS MOVIE HAS BECOME ONE OF MY ALL TIME FAVORITE MOVIES.TOUCHING, ENDEARING. SOPHIE HAS MOVED ME TO TEARS AND PIERCEBROSNAN IS FABULOUS. THE BEST PART IS IT 
Hoote is the best!!. I was at this concert and being a long Hootie fan makes this one for the collection!!  
We love Eloise!. Get all the Eloise you can! The writing is so much fun. Eloise is hysterical! You can t go wrong with this book. Unless you d rawther 
I ll miss Jeff Hardy in TNA...when he actually showed up!. Hardy is now back in the WWE but I ll miss him in TNA. He had a better ring 
Dr. sexy and Dr. try a he might to be like his partner. So far there are 3 sesons out. I am now watching the 4th season on TV. This 
Fun Loving,Good for the Soul. All around good movie with laughter and tears and not just for the holidays.Whole family enjoyed this one.  
Worthy of the Name... Jurassic. A surprisingly good film considering it is the third in the series, Jurassic Park III, provides another take on the well known by now paleontologist 
as always a great movie with a great actor. i loved this movie-it is a thinkers movie-not fluff or gore  
incisive black comedy. SPOILERS Lord of War is a genuine cinematic rarity: a mainstream black comedy that doesn t soften its material or compromise its vision to cater to audience 
A classic. I gave this DVD as a gift to someone who had seen the version of Born Yesterday w Melanie Griffith. I personnally liked the original version and thought 
solid and helpful... Much better than the first one probably because the first one was too basic for me. I liked this one where I didn t care much for 
BUTTERSCOTCH TREAT. I know it s just a matter of time before LIL Jimmy will be sitting at some strangers kitchen table, eating cookies, and being totaly suprised when the 
Great for the Guitar-Challenged, like me. I got this DVD yesterday, put it in, and got started.By the end of the first lesson I was playing a few chords, and 
Important subject. Allow yourself to be the judge. The DVD s principal point is that our current voting system has disturbing barriers and a shocking lack of safeguards. I m 
Pilates. The routines are pretty good, clear and easy to follow. The DVD does stop at different times thru the routine, which turns out to be an advantage because you 
The Princess Blade. The plot was a little lacking , but made up for it with alot of sword playing action. After on a rollercoster of action the plot came 
Dark but good. LL Cool J calls himself god in this movie, and is like the godfather of queensbridge. Its a burden for god cop jamal played by omar epps 
Excellent Overview of Indian History. I teach a college course on Native American history. This DVD has been a very good visual supplement to my class. It covers a wide 
2005 Masters Tournament. Collectible because it shows many of the great shots of the tourney from other vantage points. You ll see The Shot from different angles and hear Tiger 
Wonderful Overview of Reagan s Best Film Work... There are those who write off Ronald Reagan s acting talent as minimal, and his Hollywood career as a long list of 
Moving, Haunting, And Heart-Grinding Masterpiece. Grave Of The Fireflies was one of the hardest-watching movies I ve ever seen, and one I wouldn t have missed for the world. Taking 
THE SMOLDERING YOUNG KATE BECKINSALE. Three and a half Stars, so I upgraded to Four Stars! Uncovered is murder mystery movie that is quite unusual. Unusual in that it covers 
Gone in 60 seconds, a carlovers dream movie. What an awesome movie!!! Filmed in the early 70 s, before seatbelt laws and just before the big gas crunch. The stars 
Good Drama, Good Depiction of 3-Day Eventing. Melissa Gilbert made her movie debut in this National Velvet-styled story of a determined girl and her jumping horse. Gilbert is a tough 
Unlike any other series on TV. I can t really add anything that hasn t already been mentioned by other reviewers, except I thought I had seen all of the 
Truly authentic. As an adoptive father, I have helped my children seek their adoptive parents, and so know the joys, and sorrows, of such searches. This is an incrediblely well 
Very nice film to see. Robert De Niro and Billy Crystal together make you laugh through all over the movie. Robert De Niro as a mafia boss who become too 
 Did you think you were God, Brandon? . Alfred Hitchcock is my favorite Director! It is impossible for me to pick a favorite film as there are too many 
One of the top ten films ever made. This movie tugs at your heart strings in a completely honest way. The movie does not patronise or make pathetic the boy 
Nice and interesting. It s a nice chick flick . I like the way it plays out and I like the actors. It s worth owning  
Very Fine 3rd Calvary Movie. The third and last of the calvary is also the weakest. That s not to say its a bad film. Rio Grande explores the Army 
this is the way a concert is done!. beware dream theater fans this dvd will blow you away! great preformance all around. khans, voice is the new DIO in rock 
1 masterpiece, 1 exceptional film &amp; 1 controversial fable. This three-film box set includes Pasolini s exceptional debut film ACCATTONE , his first masterpiece - one of the greatest films 
Well, I enjoyed it. = . I was sceptic as most before seeing this movie. Personally, I would have rather watched a funny flick. But once I saw the first 
This Is A Must Have For Underworld Lovers!!!. I got this SPECIAL EDITION UNDERWORLD Dvd for 33 the day it was released after searching 29 stores They were all sold 
MOUNTAIN MEN MAYHEM. I loved this movie when it was released in 1980 to the big screen. Right from the start it grabs your attention with the beautiful scenery and 
Anime to make you think. This is definitely thinking people s anime. GitS masterfully incorporates rich animation with a fast paced and deeply interwoven plot line. Watching the episodes as 
Great Movie. Great Movie, a pleausure to see Luke Perry and the rest of the cast. Only bad thing is that I had to use the subtitles in English because 
I was entertained..... Sat down after a hard day of work. Tonight i want to see a good movie,in the field of Science Fiction. So i picked Deja Vu. It 
My Review of The Mummy Collector s Set . This collectors set is very good, with the exception of the fact that there is no real tie-in between The Scorpion 
Criterion at it s best. One of the greatest Italian films, gets the Criterion treatment. Still an amazing piece of work by De Sica. Neo realism at it s purist. 
West Wing Season 6. Fantastic series that should not be missed. One of the best value for money purchases - hours of entertainment at a low cost. Unlike most series 
unbeatable classic. This wonderful collection is an absolute must for many more than the fans of Lucy, the true Empress of television s Desperate Housewives.Hilariously clever and incredibly funny this 
Revenge is a dish best served... Cold is what you get in Freeze me, a revenge tale directed by Ishii Takashi, writer of the infamous Japanese horror film Evil Dead 
Working Class Zero. I have seen a few of the angry young Brit movies of the late 50 s and early 60 s lately. This Sporting Life , Look Back 
No adults aloud!. This is an OK movie. I ve seen it three or four times and I decided to buy it. I didn t even bother watching all the 
Cheaper By the Dozen 2 - the original sequel. Few realize today that the Cheaper by the Dozen films with Steve Martin were actually sequels themselves. If you ve seen 
i ve talked about brittish comedy at its best but now here s american comedy at its best. great and hillarious!!! a mighty wind, best in show, waiting for guffman...i 
unusual film for all the times. The movie become popular from the first moment and for fans, i think, it still stays the same.This has to be one of the 
Excellent for Silent film fans and History buffs!. I was reluctant at first to write a review about Eisenstein due to the very hot political nature he is still regarded 
Disturbing and rather chilling. When a young woman played by Jodhi May begins her job as governess, everything seems to be perfect. However, there are secrets in her new house, 
Pippin dvd. I loved Ben Vereen in the show. Wanted the music for my ipod, too. Very satisfie  
Goldfinger is Gold Bond. Perhaps teething just a tad over the top, Goldfinger, unlike its two predecessors brought to the screen a polished, gourmet spy in James Bond. No other 
CHRIS ELLIOT YOU NAILED IT. THIS WAS ONE OF THE GREATEST MOVIES I HAVE EVER SEEN. THE CHEMISTRY BETWEEN CHRIS ELLIOT AND DAVID LETTERMAN WAS SOME OF THE BEST I 
3.9 out of 5. Here it is, folks: John Woo s A BETTER TOMORROW, the classic action drama that started it all. The film stars Ti Lung and Leslie Cheung 
Captures 1984 NewYork paranoia. This DVD is not the original cut film I own on Vhs. I prefer the ending and placement of scenes from that one. The romantic ending 
Hot. Contrary to other reviewer s notions of the film, Days of Being Wild does have a plot. The movie is a tale of existential angst. Stephen Teo places the 
Overall a very good documentary on a sad chapter in American life. I can t quite this for-the-most-part excellent documentary my highest rating for two reasons. First, the title implies 
Pretty good... I have a couple of Kathy s videos, and this one is pretty good. Took me a couple of times to get it down, but you can feel 
Everyone should have a Ferris. My brother is Cameron Fry and it wasn t until his first year in college that he found his Ferris Bueller. This is a classic 
An Excellent Tribute. Many people are scared away by foreign films, myself included. Often they come off as art for the sake of art, but not in a positive way 
Good if you like the rest of the series. Ignore all those Harry Potter nerds who say that it wasn t like the book, I mean who cares if it 
Sometimes it s what you can t say. Censorship forced writers to be creative, sly and subversive...and hilarious. The new comedy writers could learn a lot. Still funny after all 
Introducing Greta Garbo... Here s the film that introduced the most successful female star in cinematic history to the world and began the remarkable yet short-lived Svengali-like professional relationship between 
Good story. Well, I watched it on PBS. Very good story with missing links to be investigated in the future. Sadly the travel logs of the fleets went missing burned 
Good Work from Christina Ricci. Christina Ricci did an outstanding job in this film. I would have liked to see a better transition to the relationship with Caeser, and to 
An Important Film from a Committed Company. FREEDOM WRITERS produces more catches in the throat than many a film in years. This viewer avoided the film, thinking it was yet 
Needs a &lt;&lt;&lt; S P E C I A L E D I T I O N >>>. There are so many memorable scenes and performances, it s a travesty 
are you next?. Joanna Eberhart has decided to get away from the chaos of the big city and moves with her husband and kids to the town of Stepford. at 
Intelligent, thought-provoking drama. Despite excellent supporting performances, this movie is really a one-man show: it s all about Spader s smart, emotional performance as Daniel Ellsberg.Very little of the movie 
A sleaze classic!. Good old Roger Corman; he never saw a film genre he didn t like. Moreover, he never hesitated to make cheap knockoffs of hit films. Star Wars 
Walking the Bible. Watching this DVD allowed me to have a greater insite into the bible. I was interested from the beginning to the end of this series and actually 
Book & Movie!. The Firm,it`s a great story, and an amazing movie.i`v read the story, and just now, i watched the movie. it`s great to read the story and then 
Broly The Hulk!. Any DBZ movie is normally worth a watch. Broly is worth a jaw drop. I love watching the Z Fighters take on this Hulk . Like most 
well and truly Garland s swansong. Judy Garland s last movie, a bittersweet tale about a singer coming to know the son she gave up at birth....the ironically-titled I COULD 
An amazing and relevant movie. The Battle of Algiers is an amazingly relevant movie for the times which we are now living in. The Battle of Algiers investigates the insurrection 
I LOVED IT!!. The first story The Spiderwoman was very good. 4 out of 5 stars in my opinion. It was a good story line with some humor thrown in 
exploding with suspense and intriguing all at once. the stars are amazingthe plot is quite interestingthe ending is amazingthe whole movie is just shocking in how great it is at 
Dance your cares away. This workout session includes good instruction, with an introduction to the movements, a sufficient warm-up, and good instruction on the dances themselves. The instructor is warm 
GREAT DVD. NICE ITEM, FASTS SHIPPING, I WILL BUY FROM HERE AGAIN, LETS GIVE THEM 10 STARS, INSTAED OF JUST 5,,,,,,THANKS SAMANTH  
My two year old loves it!. I purchased both part 1 and part 2 for my two year old for his birthday. He loves tractors and any big equipment. He 
You have to be a REAL BIG Fan!. I loved all the amazing facts and weird trivia that this home-made style DVD provided. For instance, I never knew that so 
A Simple Plan 1998 . Director: Sam RaimiCast: Bill Paxton, Billy Bob Thornton, Bridget Fonda, Brent Briscoe, Jack Walsh, Chelcie Ross, Becky Ann Baker, Gary Cole, Bob Davis.Running Time: 121 
Super Fantastic First Season David Caruso # 1. Great cast, great trama. David Caruso is the base of this show, to bad is only one season with David  
One of my Favorites. This was absolutly brilliant! If you re a thinker or philosopher, this movie is for you!  
I did something bad... So, I wanted this movie on DVD a LOT and at the time, people were able to request certain films be put on DVD through Amazon 
another October horror movie review. The reason I believe the Ring is a classic horror movie is because it disturbs me on a VERY personal, unexplainable level. You see, the 
Jane Austen adaptation hits the mark. If you enjoy reading Jane Austen novels or watching films like Pride and Prejudice, Emma, Mansfield Park, and more, Sense and Sensibility is for 
This is a fantastic accoustic mix of old and new. If you enjoy really well played accoustic Christian music, this DVD is for you. Beautiful harmonies and outstanding string work. 
Just as good, if not better than the first. I was expecting the sequel to Hellraiser to be a retarded knock-off of the original, but I was definately shown not 
Best movie ever!. Demon Knight was the bestest movie ever. It is so good. Scary, funny, sad, Billy Zane was the best being both funny and evil. Of course with 
Dont listen to other people. Dont listen to what some reviewers on here say because I dont think they know what they are talking about. I read that some guy 
excellent. I am a huge John Hannah fan I when I found this was out I just had to get it. I really enjoy it and even if you aren 
im happy with this version. it may not be the extended version with cut scenes. I will say i watched this movie on digital cable and compared it to the 
 3.5 STARS See for the Winsome Heroine and Charming Michelle Trachtenberg. Michelle Trachtenberg is so irresistibly charming in `Ice Princess, Disney s fairy tale that you might forget the 
My children love it!. My children are six and four years old and they watch this movie over an over again  
Excellent. This boxed set was worth the money and much more. It took me back to the days when I used to watch the show when I was a teenager. 
For me, it s arguably Gilliam s best film. I always find it fascinating when I see people praising classic films and yet when I watch them, I don t 
One word: Captivating. I was glued to the TV the entire time this was on--I couldn t even tear myself away to get a drink or go to the bathroom. 
Shanghai Noon. If you are a Jackie Chan and also Owen Wilson, these DVD s are a must add to your collection. It is very entertaining and funn  
The most original screenplay since Brazil...which was. ...the most original screenplay since Citizen Kane.At least that s my take.How do I describe this movie? I can t. It s bizarre 
The Truth. The first review was written by a high ranking official in the vatican seeking to keep the truth about the holy grail unknown.  
It Happened One Night. This screwball comedy keeps you laughing through the entire film. An oldie but a goodie. It truly highlights the talent of Clark Gable and Claudette Colbert. 
Javier Bardem screen-presence has such a force that you forget that this is fiction. Many more eloquent reviews than this have described the quite spectacular acting, casting and styling of 
A wake-up call. This film demonstrates how unsubstainable the American way of life has become. Very well put together, entertaining, a bit too doomsday-ish, but a great eyeopener nonetheless  
donovans reef. I bought this for my aunt for her 84th birthday and she LOVES it and has watched it over and over again already. Good thing for me that 
[3.5]- Is she crazy or something? - No, she s just all woman . In Friday Foster Grier is getting even closer to Cleopatra Jones territory, but without the fun 
My favourite DVD purchase in the past 12 months. I used to be neutral about Kathy Smith but this DVD really exceeded my expectations. I bought it initially thinking anything 
Don t tell mom the babysitters Dead. A perfect movie for babysitter s everywhere. Christina Applegate is histerical in this outrageous movie about 5 kids that have the summer to 
SEXUAL OBSESSION S DARK SIDE. Nicolas Roeg fell in love with and married Theresa Russell, his leading lady in 1980 s the little known BAD TIMING Criterion and it is 
GOOD SEQUEL TO THE ORIGINAL. The first Halloween is a classic. Halloween II starts off right where the other film stops. The DVD transfer is good,but a special edition would 
The legacy starts here. I can go on and on about how ground-breaking and exceptional Batman: The Animated Series is, but many of the reviews in the following pages do 
Very good Film. I saw this film about 8 years ago during a film preview and evening with the writers of the film. It has great elements to it and 
Better than Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. Cinderella is the film that saved the Walt Disney Company.I don t want to tell the story because everyone knows the story 
Excellent. My son is 15 months and he loves it. The animation is fantastic and my son loves the music. It is a beautiful video. I have even gotten the 
excellent ab and core trainer workout. and actually the first one i have enjoyed but felt my abs have been worked.  
This Is Also Known As Christmas In My Home Town!. I love Christmas movies and I also love Christmas themed romance books and this movie though not adapted from a 
An outstanding movie - it brought back memories. I ordered this DVD due to my interest in China. The plot seemed interesting. Little did I expect it to be such 
Hilarious comedy - want more!. Watched the whole thing from beginning to end the first chance I got and I laughed my head off.Great cast with great chemistry!Hopefully they will 
a good film from a great man. Was it worth the attention? Definitely. Was it worth the money? Absolutely. Was it worth the effort? Certainly. Was it worth two years? 
Joan Crawford s-- tour de force...one side of disc contains film, other a compelling biograpy. Mildred Pierce, is film noir at its lightest. The dark female villian or femme fatale 
High quality production, interesting format. For 30 , it s like getting hours and hours of lessons from the #2 golfer in the world since you ll watch it over 
break a sweat but that s it. this is a good video to have, you do break a sweat but that s really it.i ve had this video for 6 
The Torch song singer. I found the movie to be wonderful, funny and true to life. The service from Amazon.com to be prompt, efficient, dependable, the delivery was on time 
The King finally gets his own. For fans of The King of Hollywood this set will no doubt seem way overdue. The titles chosen for this collection vary in appropriateness 
GREAT HORROR FLICK!!!!!!!. April Fool s Day is a great horror flick from the decade that bought us wild hair thats right the 80 s!!!!!!! The movie is about a 
A great comedy with a good story line!. This movie is a great one that is sure to give you lots of laughs! It is the story of two men, 
Definitive Version of Tarantino s classic 1992 debut crime thriller... If you are a fan of this film, but the 15th anniversary edition now. I don t care if you 
bratz are beening descrimunated. well,I was reading some of the reports,and I happend to see some reports talked about how bratz are ugly and etc...Well,how I figuired this out is 
80s Classic. Ok, this is basically all you need to know: Daryl Hannah is a mermaid. That right there is reason enough to own this movie. She s also wet 
All Time Favorite. I bought this movie for my husband for Christmas...we love the original, but had never seen the extended version. It does happen to be 4 hours long, 
McDowell Steals The Coffin. I wasn t in the right mood when I saw this, so it took a long time for me to think urbane parody instead of why 
Familar stuff, but twisted enough to make it a lot of fun. This is really the last of the Clouseau films. The others were cobbled together after Sellers death and 
che s history as chic travelogue. In 1952, twenty-three year old Ernesto Guevara de la Serna and his best friend Alberto Granado left school and their wealthy families on an 
Dramatic, yet inspirational. This film is beautifully filmed; although very raw and real, but that is what makes it so beautiful. The story is of widows in India and their 
A must for Cary Grant Fans. This is a great comedy and a must for Grant Fans. Cary Grant as the commander of a very peculiar submarine sailing thru the 
Are you Being Served....Yes I am Thank You. I love Are You Being served, the movies was fun, and if your a fan you will enjoy it.  
Watch out for the bird strike!. Where did this guy come from? My daughter rented this Eddie Izzard DVD. I was blind-sided with the sophisticated, mime-style humor of Eddie Izzard 
a mystery never got solved. but just like you spit against the wind, it just splashed back onto your face. there are many flaws in this movie, but the three 
one of the most complete movies I have ever seen... The best adaptation of a Stephen King novel to date. Hollywood allowed this film to develope the various characters unlike 
Nice packaging. The asset I liked the most was the deluxe packaging remembering the galon of gas that Mr. Blonde tried to use over the captured policeman. In addition, inside 
Relaxing way to increase Flexibility. The scenery and the the stretches in the DVD are relaxing. I find that after doing the stretches a couple times a week over the 
A bit on the corny side. I read several of the other reviews and I had to add my 2 cents worth. The movie is intertaining but pretty corny. There 
wonderful and inspiring. Anyone who enjoys this artist would likely enjoy the two short concerts contained here.IT s a fufilling helping of his mastery of multiple horns, free-jazz wildness, as 
A classic in computer animation. I was just in high school when a new local video store started carrying animated films including this one and some of the others in 
Good...But. Had assumed the complete season would be on the DVD. Was particularly interested in his lobster bisque preparation, but it was not included! Bummer. Why didn t they do 
Criticized for originality. I read the very lengthy review that I saw first, and I must say I was appalled. I don t know if your from a different generation, 
#5: ANOTHER ENTERTAINING ZATOICIHI EPISODE. You switched the dice, I can tell by the sound, says Ichi to the gambler opposite him: and with a quick flash from his cane-sword, 
Love Dirk Pitt. The movie was intriguing and action packed. It was a clever story and I enjoyed immensley  
Great. As swift as I d expect to come from the US and is of a fine quality  
SWEET MOVIE. As Luck Would have it is a sweet French-Swiss movie in French with subtitles that does not try to raise or solve any Heavy duty gay straight issues. 
just plane fun to watch. These girls are fun to watch. They are young and free and beautiful and look like they are having a great time. Hugh seens so 
This One s a Keeper!. he Firm is just simply one of the best workouts for the money, and when you consider the price of joining a health club, it 
Convincing despite straining credibility. The story gets a bit complicated because it deals a little bit with law issues. The real problem is that most of us get kind of 
A Great Body Workout. I have been using Karen s DVD for my workout routine and I must say this is one of the best for those who want to 
Still fantastic. Haven,t seen this movie for years,but it,s still the cult classic I remember, with great performances from all. Still one of my all time favourite films  
Best damn anime around. Forget what the guy above me said, this is one of my favorite animes today with the crazy samurai action and hiphop music, it applies a 
A Notch above the typical 80 s Slasher. I was so glad to see this film finally get the DVD treatment. It s another one of those forgotten 80 s 
Great stuff as to be expected, but...... This is filled with Good stuff, as is to be expected with any Bullwinkle set. The second season was filled with fun. Sherman 
Three Cheers for A Boy Named Charlie Brown!!!. This DVD was worth every penny for such humorous, family-friendly entertainment. As a thirty-something mom of two little ones, 2 and 4 
A nice one. We bought this after watching Ice Age 2. My daughter loves it very much. A very good one  
Superb film about an important subject--integrity!. I ve just read the last 40 readers reviews and every one gave this film five stars. I don t think I ve seen 
Pleased with Gift. This item was a gift for my father. He was very pleased with the quick shipment and just loves the movie! Thank you  
Didn t everybody feel this way in High School?. I know I did. Sometimes the pressure of stupid jocks and stupid plastics cant drive you up the wall! This movie 
Dinosaurs, Ghosts and Monsters, Oh my!. Voyage to the Bottom of the sea is one of those Irwin Allen Shows. You know the shows of this volume are filled with 
Last Tango in Paris. Love that era of movies.Acting was grea  
Best Purchase I ve Made In Months!. Always wanted this movie collection set. LOVE all the original Star Trek movies with Spock. CDs arrived later than I expected though, and 
The Last Waltz. This DVD makes a great gift for music lovers. Robbie Robertson invites many of the classic rockers to perform one song with him. You see Eric Clapton, 
Hooray for cynicism!. Those looking for redeeming social messages might want to look elsewhere, but if you re in the mood for a violent, stylishly shot, and decidedly nihilistic good 
Drama, and Action. the Pelican Brief is a great story filled with Drama and action.when something bad happens or someone gets killed, you can see the sadness on the face 
Laughs and Lessons for Little Viewers. I suspect that most parents of young children in North America are well aware of Little Bear from Noggin or Nick Jr. Based on 
Amelie s search for her missing fiancee. Audrey Tautou is a wonderful actress. I ve seen her in four or five movies now, and she is always very good. Of 
 WHEN THERE IS WORK TO BE DONE.... CALL LEFTY . Filmed entirely in NYC and some in N.J. Donnie Brasco is one suspensful realistic gangster film. Excellent classical soundtrack 
This is THE One!. This original production of the early 1960 s Cape Fear is superior in every way to the remake in the early 1990 s. The reason is 
A clear understanding as to why Enron fell. I am a CPA & I watched the film in an ethics class we are required to take, essentially because of the 
A White Cat?!. After viewing Wag the Dog I can say that I did in fact enjoy watching it, but I m not wholly sure why. Well lets start with 
TAMMY ON DVD!!. if your a true tammy fan,you wont regret buying this concert,a true &quot;concert&quot; dvd, not a documentary , just a great concert show of songs. video and 
The Blue Max. Excellent aerial photography and a decent story line. I purchased this DVD just for the aerial photograpy scenes after seeing it on cable. If you like aerial 
Just A Super Nice Film....What Else Can You Say?. Here s another one of those old-fashioned movies in which people are all nice: no villains. It s a refreshing change 
Great but too short. Good thing is it is in color. I wish it were longer. DVD can take 2 hours or more, but only half of the capacity is 
A FASCINATING STORY BEHIND A FASCINATING ALBUM!!!!. If you love the Who, get this becuase it is an excellent look at the making of &quot;Who s Next&quot;. Interview footage of 
South Park.. a decade old and still full steam ahead. First thing, WHO said Jarred Has Aides wasn t a great episode? In fact I believe it to be one 
AWESOME. This movie is incredible, and very accurate for this time period. I had to watch it during college for my Western Civ. class, and I immediately bought it after 
The Shield - The Complete Second Season. I am a huge fan of The Shield, and would have to say from at least series one to four this is absolutely 
The true story of an outstanding soldier... Audie Murphy s screen autobiography is a much better film than it has any right to be... The Army provides a Depression-era kid 
Reggie Bannister & Angus Scrimm are back. This second Phantasm begins where the first one left off and takes you seven years later. In real time it was nine years 
American pop animations classic. American pop is one of the best animated movies ever. It tells the story of american music the characters stand out in a real way. The 
 I was much better when I was illegitimate. . A Slight Case of Murder is a very funny and affectionate treatment of post-prohibition gangster life. When prohibition is repealed, 
Imperdible... En esta era de la tecnologa y el gusto por lograr las mejores imgenes y los mejores efectos, esta coleccin nos lleva a darnos cuenta que las grandes obras 
Essential for learning brush technique. If you want to learn brush technique from the master this video is an amazing learning resource as well as a way to peer into 
Brave Treatment of a Controversial Subject. Karen Silkwood works at a nuclear processing plant in Oklahoma; the company s business involves manufacturing plutonium fuel-rods for the nuclear power industry. At 
Amy Tan s Wonderful Work brought to life. This movie has stayed with me since I first saw it almost 8 years ago. I m very happy to have found 
see it again. i may be crazy but when i saw this film it seemed that popeye was meant to be a representation of christ and the holy trilogy an 
Excellent Movie starring Bette Davis. One who enjoys real acting talent will love this movie. Bette Davis shines as a woman who is goign to go blind and struggling with 
Great to have all of the b w Mickey s out and uncensored!. This set is a real treat for the animation buff. Films long relegated to the vault due 
The Ultimate Jackie Chan Movie. Before I go on I must say that my score is based on a heavy tilt. As a DVD this has nothing to really merit 
:0 . Was this crazy or what Mark did a very unbelievable job and he play that roll right down to the T..very scarey i haven t been in a 
Good documentary, but came up short in the trenches.. This is a good documentary and I can appreciate that it was done since none of the pioneers put one out 
Still a lot of laughs in this old thing... Jane Fonda is best taken on screen in small doses, and the presence of the ace funny girl Lily Tomlin and 
Under Appreciated Qiu Ju. I don t speak Chinese Mandarin, but ever since I seen Gong Li in the movie Memoirs Of A Geisha , I ve totally fallen over 
Great plot, story line...A must have for any parent of a teenager. This movie was exellent and I think any pre teen or teenager from ages 11 and up should 
spectacular. I saw this on PBS before I bought it so I new what to expect, the costumes are fun where called for and beautiful or imaginitive where they should 
South Pacific. A beautiful movie ! the location is a masterpiece,the story well written ,and reveals some of the lesser evils of the war,its a fun movie while being romantic 
If you love the Flintstones, you have to have this!!!!!. I just got seasons 1 & 2 for Christmas. I love them! I have watched them since I was a 
A fitting continuation of the epic saga. The motion picture set a few years after the end of the series is a nice look into the continuing saga of Kenshin 
Fond memories. It was great to see it again after so many years - just as I remembered. And the young ones enjoyed it too  
Disturbing? yes. Riveting? yes. I honestly had no clue what to think after first viewing this film. It begins and ends with graphic sex scenes, and the moral tone is 
Lost in 1939. Amidst the turbulent sea of box office smashes on 1939 like Gone with the Wind and The Wizard of Oz, not to mention the start of WWII, 
Another Great Season. Another great season of Bewitched. To the horror of Darrin and the joy of Endora baby Tabitha comes into her powers causing all kinds of new chaos 
Brilliant acting of Morgan Freeman and Gene Hackman. I bought Under Suspicion in the first place because it is with Morgan Freeman and Gene Hackman, both favorite actors of mine. 
Don t watch it alone. This is really a horror movie and also horrible.I can t bear to see that poor little boy hit by a truck.But I keep faith 
Welcome to a dream!. I bought this DVD after reading a review on a magazine about they way it was beautifully shot and referring to the movie as a wonder 
Potter scores again. A wonderful adaption of the novel to film. Saw this at the theater when it first came out and enjoyed the whole experience. Have read all the 
it s not about the acting... Two of my best friends were living their last days when Philadelphia was made. One of them went to the Dr. whose office was 
Abuse of a Gift. A star-studded cast is gathered in this tale of an advertising man who manages to gain the power to hear what women are thinking. While at 
WATCH LAST MAN ON EARTH!. ok so.. For a while it was hard to find but It S AVAILABLE now..VINCENT PRICE in the original version of I AM LEGEND. It 
Scott,. THE STORY OF NASA S SUCESSFULL FAILURE! ! !This movie is base on Jim Lovell s book LOST MOON, the title coming from the fact that EVERY other astronuat 
you know nothing about Tuco. One of Leone s most memorable flicks,Clint Eastwood reprises his role for the third time as the man with no name,or Blondie,in this flick.In this 
Luv, Luv, LUV this movie!!!. This is one of the favorites from my childhood. Pee-wee was hilarious when I was five. He s still hilarious at 25!!! I probably know 
 Oh, stewardess. What s the inflight movie today? . I don t see see what was so wrong with this movie. I heard a lot of people complaining about 
This So-Called Disaster. You get to see the process of making a play using all the top stars and how they actually get into their roles.Makes you want to see 
Where the line between humans and machines is blurred. I ll admit to you that I love to watch Adult Swim, and I ll also admit that I like certain 
Very Cool. I really enjoyed this DVD. The instructor is very charismatic, unlike most instructional videos. He really knows his stuff. The only reason I wouldn t give it 5 
Plain Jane. Great movie..allstar cast....a must have if you love westerns. You can get so caught up in this movie it s as if you are there in person living 
YES! The one, the original, and now the complete series. What can I say that isn t already known about the best-loved sitcom in television history? Well, it has a 
Classic in Every Sense of the Word!!. Dick Van Dyke brigns to life Caracticous Pott, an inventer whose inventions never seem to work out the way he wants. One thing 
Howard Zinn: You Can t Be Neutral on a Moving Train. For anyone who loves America, please watch this film about an extraordinary historian and activist. I remember when Howard 
What year was this??. A fascinating film that reminds us just how little has changed since the middle ages. This film could have easily been set in today s America, 
ARE PEOPLE NUTS!!!!????. I can t believe that this film rated less than On The Waterfront per Amazon reviewers!!! In my mind On the Waterfront SUCKED compared to A Streetcar 
dave chapelle is always good. the DVD quality is quite good.but there are only basically 3 episodes on this DVD...depending on how big of a Dave Chapelle fan you are, 
My 2 1 2 year old asks for this dvd.... This is the only leap frog dvd that my daughter owns but she actually asks for it by name. She 
My favorite things about this movie. This movie kicks butt. Kiefer Sutherland is absolutely terrifying as Ace. That guy can act, no s t. I totally forget I am watching 
Fun Workout. I have 4 of Leslie s workout tapes, and I enjoy them all. This one I like to do when I want to increase my workout just a 
Way better than Windsor. I d been using the Windsor pilates DVD s but something about her delivery and the bright bright studio, I just didn t like. Also, they 
 Jason . I am pleased with my DVD. It s so nice to be able to watch this wheneverI want, and not try to catch it on television, if 
Scary and sadly kids like these do exist. This movie is 24 hours of kids being amoral creatures doing whatever strikes their fancy at the moment. Sex, drugs, beating on 
Exceptional Concert and DVD. This is easily the best music concert DVD that I own or have seen .The performances by Joe Brown, Billy Preston, Ringo Starr, Sam Brown, Eric 
finally !. Finally an Ike and Tina concert available on DVD. the quality of the film is not what we are used to in 2005 but the disc sounds and 
Only the japanese... Hanzo the man made of steel and I really mean the whole man . He fights evil and corruption in Edo-Japan in his own ways. Untouchable as 
Oh, my, my... It s obvious from reading so many of the reviews of Happy Feet , what s wrong with this country. Really, people...get a life!It s a perfect 
Tarzan for the Fun of It. Let me say first off that this is afterall fantasy and not reality.If you want reality perhaps one of the many so called reality 
Lust for Life. I ve seen it on the orginal screen in a theather, saw it many times on the VCR I have.........this new DVD is superior to both in 
Almost but not quite. Finally three more of Flynn s best surface in this box set, Charge of the Light Brigade, Gentleman Jim and The Adventures of Don Juan. These 
A well-crafted high-tension thriller that drags in places. I really enjoyed this movie, despite its exaggerations and melodramatic touches. Pacino and Crowe give fine performances, and the glimpse we get 
A most delighful movie for Everyone. I possibly watched hundreds of movies, and this one is surely one of the most delighful movies I have ever seen. I watched it 
Great. I bought this for my mother in law. She loved it. I was very pleased with the quality of the tape and price bought from a merchant. We are 
How to be an artist. I watched this film at the Guild Theater in Portland, Oregon. It retraces the events surrounding the mysterious death of artist Ray Johnson, with interviews 
kennel murder case. Complex and clever story. Good acting and direction. Would be worth 5 stars except for the poor picture quality  
dis waz da bets. This is one of the greatest family movies i ve seen, don t listen to the people who say it wasn t acurate to the show 
Definite Expansion. Adds much to the Dawn of War Game. Two new races, Tau and Necron, and a Risk-style campaign game. Excellent as a standalone game or expansion to the 
Great series but too short. I did not catch this show when it was aired on tv. I m not sure why. However, I bought the dvd set because the 
good film. I think that this movie was very good because it is very realistic as far as the situaions of life in the ghetto,love,and the struggles of life. It 
The Best For Pure Entertainment. I read the 11 books in the Hornblower series many years ago and again recently. Then, I picked up the DVD set for all 8 
Mostly fiction but pretty good iron age flick. The script and actors of this film were all amazing {considering the fact that most sci-fi thrillers are bad}.The story begins with 
The ties that bind are usually of our own making... Alfred Borden Bale and Rufus Angier Jackman are friends striving to learn magic -- until a stage trick goes wrong 
Great Workout. I have never done a ball workout so I tried Ball for Dummies. It is easy to follow and will really give results. I felt toner and trimmer 
 Mob supplies! Get your angry mob supplies here! . After being first introduced in 1989 and featured in several celebrated animated shorts, Nick Park s beloved stop-motion characters finally 
It s great!. At first I wasn t sure if it was good, but after I started exercising with it I felt better and started losing weight. It s not 
So good it s good. This strange but charming movie combines the unique talents of director Tim Burton, star Johnny Depp and co-star Martin Landau to tell the story of 
a must-see movie. i love good morning vietnam because robin williams does an amazing job of balancing humor and drama. this is one of my favorite movies of all time, 
He named his dog after Ronald Reagan. This was one of those mythological films that I speak so highly of in other reviews. This was a gem hidden in the 
Best Thriller in 30 years !!. The Mothman Prophecies is a throwback to the time when horror movie didn t actually mean Teenage Gore Fest. I guess the word for 
Teen movie that appeals to more than just teens - a favorite of mine. Some have dismissed this movie as one that delivers teen appeal, but little for anyone else. 
Noir at its best. Great film noir set in post-war Japan. A must for admirers of the genre. Great story and acting  
Humbled...feeling small. What an incredible journey. This movie puts all other kayaking accomplishments to shame. I would recommend first reading the book Hell or High Water by Peter Heller about 
Great Sequell, better then the original!!!!. Prom Night 2 - Hello Mary Lou is about a girl named Mary Lou who was killed at her prom on stage accepting the 
Next?. This is so amazing tha i am anxious for the next one.No Words.I love Yu-Gi-h  
Wonderful Fantasy-Adventure That Will Thrill Children And Adults. Jennifer Connelly Is Superb In An Early Role. This fantasy-adeventure film from 1986 is courtesy of four wonderful talents: Jennifer Connelley Once 
Best edition yet. If you love this movie like i do then, it won t really bother you that a few months ago another edition had just come out. If 
Great film and excellent DVD release. 4.5 stars for this release, I am sorry they didn t have the actual orginal ending as it seems to say it does on 
The Story of The Ramones. There are two kinds of geniuses: those who forge their intelligence through hard work and those who have a frighteningly precocious intuition. The Ramones had 
IZ Pizzaz. This DVD provides some background about IZ, the big heart behind the deeply moving musical talent. His love affected all those who heard him perform. Now some years 
Me Gusta. I m not exactly sure what everyone else was talking about. The whole star force thing kind of confuses me. I have been playing the game for about 
Bad story, but still scary!. Since Ringu Japanese horror movies are all the rage here in the US, but mind you, not all of them are actually any good, and 
To the reviewer who wonders where John Dugan is.... He s not acting. He currently works as a waiter at T.G.I. Fridays in Terre Haute, Indiana. Ah, how the mighty 
A must-have movie. I personally consider this one of the best films ever made.While set in LA, it is not about LA.It is about how people not having as much 
Enough twists to keep you entertained. While not on the level of The Interpreter in terms of plot depth and character development, Cellular delivers what it says it will: a 
none of these are oscar winners,but they have a style and they are just so much fun. roger corman was and always will be the king of the b movies 
The way to start summer. My summer s start with Beach Boys music and this movie yes, I watch it annually , one of John Candy s best. Rip Torn 
Black Hawk Down. Excellent movie, made you feel like you were in the middle of the action. Keeps you on the edge of your seat even when you know the 
Great DVD!. Little Bear is always a great choice for toddlers and preschoolers. My 2 year old loves this movie  
Great Delivery of Deep, Provocative Questions; A Solid Compliment to the Book. The documentary delivers what should be expected, which is a lot of interview time with the people who 
Shanghai Knights. Jackie Chan and Owen Wilson have done a fine and funny job on this film. A must own!  
3 s a crowd. This German film directed by Hermine Huntgeburth is like a comic spin on The Grifters but with an added sexual component. When one of the 3 
Good for fans!. Fans of the musical West Side Story should enjoy this box set complete with the entire script of the film and special features including a look back 
Brilliant filmmaking, but... ...do yourself a bigger favor and buy the Director s Cut. It is a way better edition of the film than what Ardustry and Simitar have to 
Hilarious Movie. I love 9 to 5. It is truly a classic. The pairing of Jane Fonda, Lilly Tomlin, and Dolly Parton is genius. This movie keeps me laughing the 
An interesting look at self defense. Krav Maga is oriented towards people who cannot, or will not, dedicate the time and effort it takes to become a refined martial artist. 
Original Porgy and Bess. The original 1950 s Porgy and Bess was the very first musical I ever saw, and it was fantastic. I have now tried without success to 
Freakin Awesome!. Jack Black is one of the funniest men to ever walk the Earth, and this collection is the perfect way to experience his comedic majesty. I already own 
Inexpensive Alternative to the Individual DVD s. This DVD puts Escape to Witch Mountain and Return from Witch Mountain on a single disk. Having both movies on one disk is 
Sex has great bargaining power. Maggie Gyllenhaal is the sparkplug in this electric role as Sherry, a pugnacious young woman just released from prison. She has a checkered past with 
Hugh Laurie is the best actor on television - he has no equal. House is the best show on television. There s never been a medical show like this - 
The Living Legend Shines Bright. These ten classic motion pictures were issued or re-issued in the case of The Nutty Professor individually on DVD in 2004 and one year later 
Interesting Film. I found this film very interesting and thought provoking. It is the perfect movie to watch on a dark raining night. Scary and it reminded me of a 
Great Movie. Tear Jerker. This Movie is great you will really enjoy watching. Two great acting performances by Johnny Depp and Kate Winslet. I was blown away by the performances 
Red Rock West: every turn a re-turn. The film opens on shot of a long, empty stretch of highway, rising and falling ever so gently towards the horizon; then a 
best dvd`s ever. if your a transformers fan this is a must have or even if your not a fan this boxset is the best ever transformers will live forever 
This made me so much better-thanks, Alexis!. I have played bass for about three years and I love slappin and poppin and playing funk and rock. This VHS brought me 
Farcical who done it with chanson. This farcical who done it is funny, absurd, campish, and silly all at the same time. Starring a kind of premiere selection of leading 
Hart to Hart - The Complete First Season. Love it! Love it! Love it! Hart to Hart was one of my favorite shows growing up. I watched it each week. 
Randolph Scott B-Western Triple Feature Brilliant, Brilliant & Brilliant. The three WARNER BROS. Westerns featured here are COLT 45 1950 , FORT WORTH 1951 and TALL MAN RIDING 1955 All 
Game 6 20 years after it happened. Now when I heard the title of Game 6, I thought they were going to have a movie that of a bnasbeall game 
Maravillosamente Genial. This is a great movie. I have seen it over and over and still feel amused. Just Great  
Awkward, but charming, political comedy. A manic, mile-a-minute screwball comedy starring Jean Arthur as a sassy, loveable every-gal who has to hide her ne er-do-well boyfriend Cary Grant from the 
Wow. Best soundtrack and best PE album of all times! This album fits perfectly to the outstanding movie. &quot;He got game&quot;, &quot;Unstoppable&quot;, &quot;Shake your booty&quot;, &quot;Game face&quot;, &quot;What you need 
NEVER HAVE SO MANY OWED SO MUCH TO SO FEW. First, look at the long list of stars who are in this film. I don t have room to list 
Grasping for Decency . Tsotsi Thug , the namesake of the movie, is a predatory teenager living in the shantytowns of modern Johannesburg, South Africa. He and his gang prowl 
Best Lesbian Film!!!. I ll keep this review short and sweet, it has it all and in my opinion is the best lesbian film ever made. It s one movie 
Seventies Spy Thriller About Oil. This is a great action thriller, except for the scenes between Robert Redford and Faye Dunaway because they defy reality. The book Six Days of 
A must own. One of the best shows ever. Very excited about spending a weekend watching them all  
Cult Series Now on DVD. Ink & Paint have brought another long lost classic animated series to DVD for the first time. Groovie Goolies-The Saturday Mourning Collection. This 3 disc 
The most creative horror movie since the blair witch project! Only movie review i ve ever written. Ok, i m not going to say anything about the plot of this 
Good, but leaves you hanging. I will assume anyone interested in this series of The House of Eliott has seen the other two. If you haven t, skip this for 
Ancient Egypt Connects to Present Day. I used the clip on King Tut while teaching a 6th grade unit on Ancient Egypt. It allowed me to kick off the portion 
Gets Better Every Time You Watch It. My children 3 & 5 absolutely LOVE it. I remember seeing it years ago and I loved it then. Tim Burton s first 
The violence as vehicle of redemption!. The redemption sometimes implies to clean up the mess of a dark past. An abnegate father of family will receive the unexpected visit of 
A funny, funny movie!. This hidden gem was one of the funniest movies of the year. If you missed it in the theaters, definitely give it a look...you will not 
A very disturbing picture of how the Brits used the Aussies, Kiwis and others as Cannon fodder during W.W.I ... pls. read on... . Also in W.W. II with Brit 
Corr s Live and lively. Even though this is dated material, the CORRS, in their prime, are a unique and entertaining band. Talented and fun-loving, they have music that hooks 
Very Entertaining and Somewhat Educational. JURASSIC PARK is a great movie that comes along once a generation. What s to criticize?... Nothing! THE LOST WORLD received mostly good reviews. I 
Holy Hypin HD, Batman!. I agree with the rest that if you have an HD DVD player this is your must own HD title. While Aeon Flux is still thought 
movie purchase. thanks for the movie, i appreciate it. the delivery was decent, no complaints  
Alien Quadrilogy. This collection of the four Alien films plus the bonus features really puts you back into the sci-fi, thriller and horror roots that the Alien movies carry. What 
Great movie!. A movie not geared for morons! What a rare find. There aren t many movies that can t be figured-out half way through. This film is great; very 
Minelli se adelant a su tiempo. Hay dos escenas que pueden considerarse obras maestras en esta pelicula tan subvalorada. Ambas escenas son con Fred Astaire y Lucille Bremer. La primera 
Inspiring dance!. I highly recommend this is purchased for any little one who shows an interest in dance. We bought this DVD for our daughter when she turned 2; now 
Historic, Great Songs, Good DVD. This DVD is as important as a historical document as it is a concert DVD. It does a great job of capturing the repressive past 
Glad to have found this DVD still available. Was very happy to find this item still available on the open market  
GREAT RPG. Make sure you have the horsepower to run this visually stunning game. I have been a fan of this TES series and this game by far is the 
A Modern Viking Tale. The problem with a film with `13 in the title is that it makes it sound like a horror film; this film is not this is 
Stops At A Red Light. Human Trafficking is a bold and ambitious project; Lifetime is to be congratulated for exposing a part of society most people would prefer to ignore, 
Smart and elegant. Very nice movie speacially for relaxing Good actors crew, mini cars, smart scenario, elegant robbery  
if you don t like this nickelodeon is worse!!!!!. this is almost like a nickelodeon movie!! look they made this movie because the director when he was a kid he 
Death Penalty. This film affirmed my postition on the death penalty. It is unequaly applied. People without money are often convicted wrongly. Read the book by Sr. Prejean. pax, robbi 
A Deadly Delight. This collection of 8 American !!! TV movies is a real treat for Christie fans. And it proves that we can honor the First Lady of Mystery 
A recorded moment in rock history. The only opportunity anywhere to see these musicians perform live...and for something that was filmed 38 years ago I thought the quality audio and 
Best film since macaroni and cheese in a tin!!!!. Oh my god this has to be the best film i have EVER seen in my life. First things first, how 
Count of this film touching your heart... A pure and engaging story of redemption amongst family, `You Can Count on Me tells the story of Sammy Laura Linney and Terry 
I didnt order this but its a good flick. Dont know how this got in my review request list  
Great DVD -- My Neighbor Totoro!. My Neighbor Totoro is a simply wonderful story. It portrays innocence and family love at its best and is very delightful to watch.  
Eye-opening. The only problem with this DVD is that there isn t enough info about the original investigation. This is truly a fascinating watch, and a very sad commentary on 
Not bad. If you are looking for a scare but also for some comedy, this is the film for you. The movie isn t gory like most horror movies are 
Dinosaur reviev. What can i say it is only 20 bucks for one great movie and two descent movies  
Bad Reviewers miss the point. This is supposed to be the cartoon that the Action Figure in the movie is derived from. These complaints about No Computer Animation and no 
so cool. it s a really good dvd with great performences. she knows how to entertain. she sang all of her hits from that moment but don t forget Selena 
At last!. Why did it take so long! Terrific. Some of the best in the entire series.  
The Beale Ladies. Another wonderful DVD about our favourite cult ladies. The picture quality is superb. Criterion is expensive but once you see the highest standards of transfer, you realize 
A MUST HAVE!!!!!. My husband and I bought this DVD because it was reccomended by our Childbirth Preperation teacher. She went on and on about how Dr. Karp could calm 
what could a fan possibly say...?. Even though season 9 might be slightly running out of juice, it s still a great TV event.The boys and girls are always the 
poignant and subtle political satire. Milos Forman s fireman s ball is a classic among political satires.. It is remarkable that a film so subtle would be condemned by the 
All action with a story included. I went into watching this movie with no knowledge of what it was about. I ended up in the end of it loving it. 
Muni at his best in classic barnstorming period biopic. The Life of Emile Zola is more about the Dreyfuss affair than the author s life - only Nana is given 
Stark, engrossing portrayal of life in a notorious Brazilian prison. This is much more than a prison riot film. In fact, the entire first two hours are spent exploring the 
Another Great Movie Hollywood Can t Make. French Cinema never fails to amaze me. The films that come out of France are almost always entertaining and thought provoking in at 
Helen s Mellons. Ok, admittedly a crass review title. Did get your attention though. Great cast! I ve been crazy about Helen Hunt for years despite Twister . She did 
Great. Never read the book saw this movie a long time ago on cable loved it ever since. People its a movie they can t put everything a book had 
Kurosawa s Swashbuckling Film. Of all the directing masters Akira Kurosawa is arguably the greatest. No matter how much praise and hyperbole is shoveled onto his films they always surprise 
Zombie Classic. Tiis is a great film for watching with a large group of friends, contains the kind of comedy and gore that is best enjoyed together  
Nice one but not about Panda. The primary focus of this movie is not on Panda but it is a story of an american woman whose husband dies in china 
strangers on a train. This Albert Hitchcock film based on a Patricia Highsmith novel was not successful by normal standards when released. long undervalued as one of Hitch s suspense 
 It s not a boat; it s a yacht. . This movie is one of my top twenty favorites. The special effects were awesome, the costumes brilliant, and the 
One of the Paris Opera Ballet s Best!. This is a modern, more complete version of the previous video the Paris Opera Ballet came out with in the 1960 s, 
Exciting. Entertaining comedy with Breckin Meyer, Amy Smart and others. Accidentally Josh sends the video recording of his sexual bit on the side with the pretty Beth to his girlfriend 
Nowhere in Africa. It s a special form of torture to watch DVDs that feature Africa s natural beauty when you live in China. The typical movie about what the 
A real message made kid friendly... Trevor Romain and the Comical Sense Company score a home-run with this children s video on divorce. In an area where visual resources for 
Kylie on video. as a fairly new Kylie fan, it was a lot of fun for me to see most of her videos for the first time ever, one after 
Its seven Times Jerry. After the Nutty Professor, Jerry Lewis topped himself by playing eight characters in the film The Family JewelsDonna Butterworth play the orphaned little rich girl, who 
Funny. I can watch Bad Santa a hundred times, well I have and enjoyed it every time. If I need a laugh Bad Santa is what I put on.Christmas can 
A classic!. A great movie addition or gift or if you like movies with the likes of Ben Stiller, Vince Vaughn, Will Ferrell, etc  
Uncut & Unbridled Horror for Unbelievable Discount!. The most attractive aspect of this collection is in the film versions themselves. I will skip the idea of reviewing each title none 
A really good movie. This movie was really good but not really a good choice 4 children like under 5 cuz they may get scaried. it is long but good 
The Battle of the Wilderness. I thought that this was an excellent documentary.It was clear that the director knew what he was doing.I think that this should be shown in 
Great box, but two titles sadly missing!. Another beautiful job from the dear people at Warner! All the films included have been nicely mastered from fine prints, but Sweet Bird 
Happy Happy Kids. My kids love the movies. i pretty much keep them in the dvd player on repeat. It s hard to believe these moves are still popular. We 
Otto! Ottiku!. Hori, ma panenko Firemen s Ball is perhaps the finest example of the fresh, amusing, and humane style of the Czech New Wave. Milos Forman s movie is 
Real good movie. I came across this movie through one of my book clubs that I am into; I bought the movie and was hooked; what I liked so much 
Flawed, Highly Recommended. Hey-hey-hey! This crazy film helped me stay sane. KTLA TV in Los Angeles used to play it on a semi-regular basis in the bleary-eyed hours of the 
YYYYEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHHH BOY!. This is what I was waitin for. It wasn t better than the first one but it put the second to shame. The story was funny to me. 
Biased, and Wonderful. Let s see Volume 10. Ken Burns Baseball is a great bit of storytelling, and basically appears factual as far as I can tell. Sometimes, however, certain 
It s Step-by-Step, Son. This DVD is great. Some of the footage is low quality, but the instruction is fantastic. Check it out, you won t be disappointed.  
I want you inside me. One of the funniest and most quotable movies of all time. Well worth the money...in fact its well worth much more than the 10 its 
A terrible movie. If this director was trying to see how many ugly stereotypes he could cram into 111 minutes I think he succeeded. If you want to see a 
Pearl Jams DVD collection all 2 of them are a bore . Pearl Jam are more of a band of the 90s, and really they should of stayed their and 
Could have been so much better!. I have to say that I am not familiar with any of the old Shaft episodes, or had had any other contact with the 
Bad. This film repeats the basic premise over and over and over..it was so bad that I really couldn t believe it.The narrator talks about the holy grail being not 
Banal Binoche extravaganza. This film began as a beautiful European historical period piece, in Paris, which lush costumes, gorgeous people, etc. But after an hour, it deteriorated into incredibly boring 
Stealth Fighter. Oh my God, I can t believe they actually released this movie onto video! ...I had the dreadful misfortune of actually watching this film....thank GOD it was on 
Beware 25 years old does not mean it is tame for kids. I purchased this movie as it was labeled an epic film and someone even compared it to the 
Worthless Western. The Claim purports to be an adaptation of Thomas Hardy s classic novel, The Mayor of Casterbridge transplanted to the Old West. The producers clearly wanted The Claim 
Awake!. If you like the idea of naked men with each other putting you to sleep. . . no not to bed to SLEEP get this DVD!!!!!!!!!  
Don t waste your time!. I ordered this dvd on the premise of viewing a great, seriously done, artistic, erotic film based on the reviews it had already. What I 
I love Jane Austen, But I HATED it. Call me a Jane Austen Purist but i hated this movie, I did. I tried to bring myself to like it, but 
Disappointment. It was very disappointmant to find out that this DVD runs only in Area 1 US and not in Area 2 e.g. Europe . For the future, please, inmdicate 
 O Please!!!!!!!. For me this movie is a painfull thing to watch. I wish that I could give this 0 stars. The infamous fake O scene kind of recked 
Wage-Less: Bush Won the Election and All I Got Was a Job at Wal-Mart. This movie stinks! How can anybody promote this crap of a business. The same people whose 
A Mixed Bag. In Out for a Kill, wooden Indian Seagal takes on the Tongs single-handedly. The film is a definite mixed bag, giving us both some of Seagal s 
Don t Let The Title Fool You. For those not aware, Pumpkinhead 2 is supposedly the 1994 sequel to 1988 s timeless monster classic, Pumpkinhead. The original was darkly creepy, 
Dipper s How To Survive This DVD Guide. Drink huge amounts of swill before especially before , during and after this strong, strong candidate for worst movie of all time. 
Meet John Doe. I purchased this DVD a while ago - FYI - A documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie. I went to the 
don t waste your money,buy the full season set. really save your money and buy the full season sets. why would they put these out after they have the full 
Beware if you like to listen in Japanese. The cover of this DVD states that the available sound tracks are DOlby Digital 5.1 English and Japanese, and English and Japanese 
AWFUL!. I HATED this movie. And I am a big PHC fan. This has none of the charm, emotional and spiritual depth, or clever humor of the radio program. It 
Not my Batman. Batman Begins is soooo much better than this or any other of the batman movies. Nicholson SUCKED as the Joker. Joker is a comedian who had an 
hey eddie? howzabout making a movie about washed-up black comics who dig transvestite hookers?. an amazingly bad movie. eddie murphy who was funny in the 80s manages the near-impossible: he 
Not For Pre-Teens. It is unfair to judge a children s film by the same non-technical standards you would judge a film made for a more mature audience. That said, 
Waste of time. I got this film because I m from Detroit where this takes place. It s a pretty typical revenge flick. Four brothers want to find their adoptive 
STUPID PACKAGING & SHAMEFUL OFFER. When you receive this set, they offer a regular box you can set on the shelf, for an additional 2.98. What arrives four weeks later 
go to he . In the worlds time of crisis you have to show your true colors!!!!! Go to HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
Bernie Mac stole this picture. In spite of the thin plot line and the volumptous semi naked women, the comedian Bernie Mac stole this picture! He played his part of 
A Star is Born Fails to Capture Audience s Sympathy. A Star Is Born is a disturbing film for all the wrong reasons. By failing to get the audience to 
I m not an expert, but this movie sucks. Seriously, I am an expert, and this movie sucks. But, imagine for a moment--yes, stop and withdraw from your metaphysical prejudices--a 
Wonderful film but poor DVD quality. I bought the DVD with this artwork out of a dollar bin and I got what I paid for. The image is fuzzy and 
the discs are not even CLOSED CAPTIONED!!!. F for one glaring stupid oversitethe discs are not even CLOSED CAPTIONED!!!  
Where is the zero star rating???. When I read some of the 4 and 5 stars ratings on this movie and some of the Best movie ever comments I was 
Retroactive collapse. Vonnegut is one of my favorites, and Breakfast of Champions is my favorite of his works. I looked forward for weeks to the release of the film version, 
An insult to the honorable. This movie is ok in its way, howver, those connected with it obviously have no concept of the meaning of honnor or duty and, if 
The Character of Martha Dunstock. Rather than give another general review as others have kindly done, my review focuses on one aspect of the film, indeed one character, that of 
Not So Hot. I ve been to strip clubs a lot, and this video just doesn t do much for me. The girls on here are very pretty, yet most 
So - so. Hi, I bought this DVD, hoping that there would be some practical explanation of buddhist principles given by the Dalai Lama. However, it is a documentary and 
A disappointment to G&amp;S fans. As a Gilbert &amp; Sullivan fan and a member of the Pittsburgh Savoyards G&amp;S company , I was thrilled to learn that there is a 
Good blu-ray, boring movie. I though the blu-ray was very good but I found the movie predictable and very boring. I bought it because of the raves of the HD 
Very disappointed. My 9-year-old daughter absolutely loved the book. I thought I would get the movie for her so that she can get a visual sense of what rural life 
not as good as it sounds!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. i was really looking foward to watching this one as i have seen the box and looked at the reviews here,so i was upset 
DON T BOTHER!!!. I got this DVD for 1.99 and I still feel ripped off. The quality of the movie was terrible, the story line was stupid, and the acting 
painfully laugh free. I ll give the leads the benefit of the doubt that they re actually a lot better than this lame-o-flick deserves. Kutcher and Murphy are Tom and 
Jennifer A. is a decent actress - but story line is sad. I would have given this film a slightly higher rating had it been filled with characters I admired 
Should be Santa vs. the producers. I unfortunately wound up seeing this Christmas Misgiving on its original airing. I have always been a fan of any Christmas special since Rudolph 
Need a sleep aid?. I really don t know what all the hype has been about. I kept hearing all these great things about this movie, so I eagerly anticipated 
I Can t Buy Into It. Amanda Pete is sexy and there was a bit of nudity, but otherwise this film did nothing for me. A bunch of guys who 
over rated underwriten and over acted. well i bought this series agaisnst the star rating it has and i can only say that in my humble opinion it is badly 
Why pay more for less?. I m puzzled as to why anyone should pay 59.39 for these three DVDs that currently retail on Amazon for 11.24 Signs , 14.99 Unbreakable 
Flawless victory? I think not !. Three years after the first mortal kombat film, fans couldn t wait for Annihilation to come out. Unfortunately, the sequel did not do well 
So bad, it s almost funny. I saw the first Prince and Me movie and loved it, so I decided to give this one a try. Julia Stiles did not 
Meet John Doe. I purchased this DVD a while ago - FYI - A documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie. I went to the 
swallow. The expectations for this film were high- a good cast and a promise of a remake of an old movie using today s technology.Alas- the movie was disappointing. The 
Poor adaptation. As said by other reviewers, a lot of what was in the original story was changed, and the film was updated to the time period where it was. 
it was broken. i received my cd tape and was very excited to watch it with my son. the first time was ok however, the 2nd time it skipped. i 
weak, weak, weak... American Pie RIPOFF. I m actually really shocked that the reviews for this have been so good. I don t know... maybe when I was a teenager 
Not what I thought it would be. I don t know if the special edition is an improovment over the theatrical release,but the original was a big downer.I was honestly 
More of a love story. I expected more from a movie with such a talented cast. Hoffman let me down as a villain. His acting seemed forced. He didn t 
Stop Push Eject Now, 5 Stars my foot !!!. I hated this movie within the first five minutes. The leading lady Talia Shire is what drove me mad, I hated 
I Agree With Jeffrey. I watched Adam & Evil this morning on cable and was extremely disappointed. When I read the description and the year it was made 2004 , 
Out of Sync Tommy. I ve been a fan of the Who since I recieved my copy of Tommy on vinyl in 1970 for Christmas.I resisted buying this DVD set 
not spooky, not funny, not sexy. There s a reason Polanski is not known as a comedy director. I dont know. Maybe this was funny by 60s standards? Laugh-in? This 
Total Garbage. This movie is the most boring, uninteresting piece of garbage I have everwasted my money on. The plot is stupid, the characters are dull and insipid, and the 
A watery, passive, poorly cast, revisionist production. Filming the story of Gloriana is a virtual guarantee of success for a production studio, from Warner Brothers to BBC. The Virgin Queen 
I secede. Philosophers often behave like little children who scribble some marks on a piece of paper at random and then ask the grown-up, What s that? - Ludwig WittgensteinImagine 
Robots - Very Rusty and Out of Date. This was a film I was anticipating becuase of the actors doing the voice over and the special effects. As far as 
It may sound Ugly,but this is Good AND Bad-. I would have to agree with both the positive AND negative comments about this version of Mozart s Die Zauberflote. All 
Too true to Life. I read the book when it was first published and then a friend had a son diagnosed with leukemia and went through the same thing as 
Terminal Confusion. Clint Eastwood s work Directed and Produced Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil has always made an impression on me. Kevin Spacey has always delivered fine 
Horrible Dancing and horrible work out!. This video is all hype and delivers nothing. I love dancing. Dancing in this video is horrible. For the latin section, there was hardly 
I d give it 0 stars if it was made an option!. This film is by far the poorest excuse by the Republicans to discredit Michael Moore. Micheal Moore s 
Better than Goodfellas?. This piece of politically correct rubbish is what kept Martin Scorsese from having Goodfellas honored with a Best Picture Oscar? Unbelieveable  
SO OVERRATED. For the first hour of this film nothing happens. Maybe my expectations were too high, but I found this movie to be slow and tedious. I m not 
Fellini s Rome --- A Commercial Collection of Stereotypes. There is a lot of traffic in Rome.Especially on the raccordo annulare , where accidentsare also frequent.The traffic is noisy and 
If you like lipsinking. If you like lipsinking you will like this set. There are some live performances but most are TV show performances with lipsinking. I was disappointed  
Texas Chainsaw Crapsacre. This movie is far from being anything great. Some of the characters don t make any sense what so ever with the original cast. Leatherface s role 
Predictable. Thirteen Ghosts is about a machine. This machine was designed by a Man who was at the time possessed my Satan. Yes, Satan. If the plot doesn t seem 
The Eggplant that ate Chicago. Haven t read the book, so can t compare, but The Relic on film is simply pathetic. Yes, it s a monster movie. The problem 
I liked Intolerance better... Ugggh! On top of being dated and boring, this movie is so RACIST! Intolerance wasn t so fun either, but I liked it s theme better. 
a section cut out of sex and city ?. same old same old cliche after cliche. bedroom scenes , restaurant dining scenes, marriage counseling group therapy scenes, theater scenes, buying 
Jamboree. Let s face it kids, this movie was bad when it came out and time does not alter that fact, however it is fun to look back and see 
Yeah it s gory. But it sucks. There s a massive amount of gore, which like everyone else points out, rivals that of Braindead. But the movie is too unbearable 
The search for honest, genuine, responsibility has failed. The orphanage is neat, and is portrayed in a nice, familyish way. The care that is shown there is touching. Beyond that, 
Incomplete. I was so dissapointed with this DVD... I expected to see these two guys playing a complete set. like Tiesto did on his DVDs... This DVD only shows the 
The worst trendy comedy flick since Napoleon Dynamite. The only thing worse than this movie is its fans. Haha! Racism is so funny! VERY NIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICE!!! Normally, I like good jokes 
It was good during the first half but then became incredibly dull. This was a very annoying and boring flick thats barely watchable and throughout the film I kept looking 
Upscaled DVD at Best!!!. High hopes were set in place for this blu-ray release, and I have to admit I am sadly dissapointed.The transfer is only a fraction above watching 
this movie has barely a Pulse....very faint...almost gone. Pulse stars Madeleine Stowe Unlawful Entry, Avenging Angelo , Norman Reedus Blade 2, Gossip, Boondock Saints , Jonathan Rhys-Meyers upcoming Elvis, Alexander, 
Absolute junk!. Don t waste your money. Get the following movies...Le Mans: About as real as racing can get. Just wait until the end of the first lap and you 
A Major Waste of Bell. A remake of the respected Japanese horror film Pulse featuring the hot young actress Kristen Bell of TV s Veronica Mars sounded like a not-terrible 
Disappointing Is A Compliment. I had high hopes for this movie, Marlon Brando, Robert DeNiro, and Edward Norton, how could I go wrong with this movie with a cast like 
The ultimate cop out. Although I always preferred the original TMNT show to the new one the new show has to rely on flatulence jokes? Please , I always felt 
Attack of the 50 Ft. PMS Woman. Not as good as the original but at least it is in color! This was not one of Daryl Hannah s finest moment. 
The Devil Bores Read-a and Moviego-a. I read the book and saw the movie, which other than title and major characters, have little in common. I can t say I 
The 5 star review is bogus. This is just about the cheesiest DVD there is. Even Ken Good, the guy in this film admits its junk. Note the 5-star reviewer 
Just doesn t work... It is obvious the makers of this film were trying to create some kind of action-comedy hybrid, however it just doesn t work. The action scenes 
A boring waste of time! It ain t Wedding Crashers!. I thought this looked funny. It was compared to Wedding Crashers. I never laughed. I kept watching this and when 
I give it 2 stars for it s unintended comedy. Thank goodness my wife and I rented this movie because it is a one-viewing-only experience. We are introduced to Patrick 
better transfers are out there. there are much better prints of these good movies out there than this poor looking disc!!!  
OK.... I bought this because I was familar with the Space Ghost show and liked it and the fact that this was 50 off. It is strange in an uncomfortable 
Zombos Closet Review. While the script idea for a serial killer snowman is a novel idea, the execution of the story, which possibly could have been on a par with 
Worst video game movie. We rented this movie, knowing it wouldn t be an Oscar winner or anything. I ve seen some bad movies based on video games and comic 
Disappointed educated mother. Based on the online reviews I purchased this video. I was dissapointed. I played it once for my daughter 3 years and son 12 months . My 
zombi 2 sucks. this movie sucks. don t buy it. the gore looks like spaghetti and it is boring as all hell. if you like the camera-work of 10 year-olds 
French Garbage. This review may sound pretentious and ignorant, but in truth I m a big fan of British history, so bear with me!Even as a film itself, it s 
 The Silence of the Dummies . This is overall a real hoot! Anthony Hopkins is superb! Fats the dummy steals lots of the scenes.The question that crosses my mind 
 Back in therapy . While visiting some family in Utah a few years ago we decided to rent a few movies to pass the unforgivably hot mid-summer weather. We 
Go Ahead and get rid of Sondra Locke and make OUR day forever Clint. Two-and-half-stars out of four on normalrating scale [Really, the rating may seema bit harsh, as I 
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS. How can I begin to say how bad this is. What is shown is not a concert at all. What is shown is live audio edited 
Saving the world from giant grasshoppers. A review by the students in ENT 201, Insects on Film Clemson University, Clemson, SC Spring 2005When better to meet your new man than 
In regards to overdubbing.... I ve read through the reviews of this, and it s rather dissapointing. I have personally only seen a video clip of this DVD, so I 
I wish I could have rated it 0 star. I decided to buy this movie after reading many excellent reviews of it. I watched it with my girlfriend. Bad idea... 
Good acting but bad movie. The only reason I bought this movie is because Alison Hannigan and Alexis Denisof was in it. I m a huge Buffy fan I knew 
all about the benjamins gets all about nothing after awhile. yeah, ok, Ice Cube is a bounty hunter and Mike Epps is a criminal who ends up teaming up with 
Bored to tears. I hate to give Emma one star because I think Paltrow s performance is flawless and love that british accent she piles on but Emma was so 
Playable in the U.S.A.???. I wish I could write a review espousing the merits of this movie which I m sure it probably deserves due to the subject matter and 
What Am I Missing Here?. I notice that most of the reviews here are 5 star or 1. Very little in between. Rarely is anything this black or white.Yes, the 
this one deserves a big fat zero. this has got to be one of the WORST, most unrealistic movies to date. i never have high expectations for lesbian flicks--rarely are 
Not enough variation. Although the video was easy to follow, there was no variation between the segments. The 10 minute segments were basically the same. I was looking for a 
WHAT THE HECK once again... . This is one of those films that makes me think it must be impossible for anyone to make a truly great film. The back 
Dear Filmmaker, Please treat me as an intelligent human being. If you re going to parody the countless number of straight teen comedies, at least make your movie funnier and 
romeo must die. i remeber when this come in the 9th grade i got change to see jet li for the frist time and Isaiah washington i already know aaliyah 
VERY anti-Christian. The movie has many none-too-subtle VERY anti-Christian elements, particularly in the typical Hollywierd portrayal of money grubbing Christian TV Evangelists and Christians themselves as stupid zombies; life as 
Northanger Abbey video review. This is one of the weirdest video adapatations of a novel I ve ever seen. The novel was an early work by Jane Austen published posthumously 
Poor DVD release of a great series...... Once again, Universal gives a good Tv show, a terrible release on DVD. As with their other TV shows and now some of 
Awesome movie, lame HD DVD. The movie is awesome - 5 stars.HD DVD transfer looks grainy digital noise and the colors are off and washed out. As crazy as it 
Good information, but not enough. The training methods taught on this dvd are easy to use and work well. I just don t feel it is complete enough as far 
Failure. It s well known that Showgirls flopped. I remember director Paul Verhoeven getting an award for having produced something like the worst movie of the year .It s not 
Was this movie made for the Lifetime channel?. If Lifetime switched from showing crappy dramas about wronged women to showing crappy horror flicks about wronged women this would one of 
Stinky Sequel Sucks; Even Eddie Murphy has said he hated it!. If the first movie was day, this one is night. This movie was so full of holes and imcomplete 
Nothing to write home about. I picked this set up despite reservations reservations being Luke Perry and the guy from the Cosby Show because of the creator J. Michael Straczynski. 
CRUEL EXAMPLE OF CULTURAL IMPERIALISM AT ITS WORST: WHAT ABOUT THE KIDS. I too was mesmerized by this documentary, as an educator and student of child psychology, etc. THen I 
How did this happen ?. I was shocked when I saw the episodes of the second season. I would say the first season was one of the best things to 
Disappointing - Would Love to See a Good Remake. This movie took most of the great songs from the stage play and dumped them. For a theater lover this is 
The entire Escaflowne universe in a can... First off, I am a fan of the original series - Escaflowne. It s by far up there in the top 5 of 
not like the Bible Collection in accuracy at all!. this video is nothing more than artistic license with the Scriptures. My family was amazed at how many points we found 
Prime Dumb!!!. I often ask myself how two really excellent actors in their prime would get committed to a project like Prime Cut . You would be hard pressed to 
superficial, stereotypical view of Bosnian war. This flick has all the sophistication of a music video. It is basically an excuse for the director to show guys getting drunk and 
didn t like it. this movie was way too fictional. stephen king needs to stop writing  
Comedy Central, listen up. Patton Oswalt is funny and my two stars is not because of his performance. It s because of Comedy Central mangling the DVD version.The show was 
Where are Rosencrantz and Guildenstern!. Unfortunately, Olivier is a bit long in the tooth for this part, and besides Jean Simmons Ophelia it does not wear time well. But most 
You Have To Be Kidding!. How anyone could rate this movie 4-5 stars is beyond belief. This was such a contrived movie that had a simple plot that went nowhere. 
When is a Wolf a Dog?. A poor attempt at horror. The scary scenes seemed reminiscent of a 1970 s made for TV movie. The storyline was very simple, no 
zombi 2 sucks. this movie sucks. don t buy it. the gore looks like spaghetti and it is boring as all hell. if you like the camera-work of 10 year-olds 
Looks like a routine television program. I am amazed and mystified that most of the reviewers herein found the movie to be excellent!! As for me, I made it about 
Charisma is capable of far better acting. Drivel. I m a 40 year old woman and I like chick flicks when they are good. I loved You ve got mail 
Gives Sequels A Bad Name. How I made it through this poorly executed, poorly written sequel, I have no idea. Catherine s in trouble again and people she meets are 
Bab really Bad in a bad way!. I had heard alot about this movie when I was a kid. So when I saw it on DVD I though it would 
Not even endorsed by Ron White. Visit his web site and even Ron White has a message that says this DVD isn t worth your money. It s 22 minutes 
DeNiro is only star in this so-so crime drama. This film is disappointing, considering the acting talent used in it. The story is about a cop whose son gets into 
Mindless Black Revenge Drama, Boring. Racist cop John Shaft again the over rated Sam Jackson thinks that he can break all the rules and beat up innocent people, blow up 
Simply not funny. While you may find Bill Maher s performance thought provoking or vomit inducing depending upon your political slant, the fact remains that this is an UNFUNNY comedy 
Lets see......Nope!. 2 & 1 2 to be exact I have no ideal, why I ve choosen to write a review on this particular movie. I m not really a 
Batman: The Animated Series = Bruce Timm Paul Dini Shirley Walker. Yup, not to marginalize the other people who made the show great, but that s basically what it boils 
Meet John Doe. I purchased this DVD a while ago - FYI - A documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie. I went to the 
A rip off of Scarface and the Godfather. This movie is a clear rip off of Scarface and The Godfather. In fact the story is essentially exactly the same as 
Unfortunately, not very good. Kristanna Loken I thought she was great in Terminator III plays Rayne who is half human half vampire. Her father was a vampire and her mortal 
Putrid. Use disc as a coaster. Everyone involved should be ashamed of themselves. This is one of the worst films ever made...And not in a good way  
Not the best version of The Lion, The Witch, and The Wardrobe . It followed the storyline very well, and the cast wasn t bad. However, it wasn t smart 
What a Waste. This movie had many of the ingredients to make it truly great, including a phenomenal cast, lead by Cate Blanchett, and great scenery and cinematography. The actors 
New Dave, Not Quite the Same. My boys have grown up with Dave Hood playing all sort of characters like Busdriver Dave, Pilot Dave and Fireman dave. I was excited 
Letdown by Hallmark. Hallmark Entertainment has made many movies from children s books, and this probably one of the worst. Based on both Alice in Wonderland and Through the Looking 
Bummer. We purchased this to HEAR Waylon sing and see his performance. Instead we got 90 tiresome interviews. Too bad  
negative 92 stars. If I could I would give this movie -92 stars, for each minute of my life I wasted on it. Such a disappointment for fans of the 
Indeed, Reality Bites. If this is the generation I am supposed to belong to, I want to disown it. Ben Stiller s directorial debut centers on four friends recently graduated 
Tootsie. To begin with the movie Tootsie is classified as a genre of romance and comic.This movie is produced in New York. The protagonist is Michael Dorsey and he is 
Totally Unnecessary and Uninspired Sequel. I liked the idea of the half-pint James Bond-like secret agent played by Frankie Muniz aka Agent Cody Banks. The story is not exceptionally original, 
Poor copy of a great movie. This is a must-have for any lover of the western, especially the updated 60s version produced by Sergio Leone. This is his first production, 
A monotonous travelogue that might be of interest to those who ve read his books. Perhaps this video will satisfy the readers of Lincoln s various works, such as The 
Tolerable, but not really very good movies. My friend bought this set and so I was able to view it before purchasing it myself, and I WON T be purchasing 
2025. I don t think I m going to be around in 2025 to give an accurate evaluation .I f I m still here I hope I still remember who 
poor quality. I got completely fooled into buying this stupid dvd by so called 5 star reviews. Then when I clicked on the other reviews to see what other things 
Miles Cowperthwaite. Belushi s crowning jewel perfomance in my opinion is when he played opposite Monty Python s Michael Palin as the MANLY Captain Ned in the Miles Cowperthwaite skits. 
 Funniest Movie Ever? - Not Even Close!. Apparently this is one of those cult movies that has a small but dedicated following, even though most people have never heard 
i wouldnt wish this on anyone. not funny,dumb plot,jim is not funny in this film,this is prolly the worst jim c. movie ever mad  
Pride and Prejudice ~ Marsha Fitzalan. Okay movie...poor film quality. Later remakes are much better  
A Very Disappointing Movie. I had two major types of exposure to the legend of the Okay Corral. The first was seeing the Star Trek episode The Scepter of the 
Except for Spacek and Glenn. As much as I enjoy Sissy Spacek, this movie proved disappointing. She and Glenn are excellent so are the 2 kids but there was nothing 
Boring!. This is one of the most boring films I ve ever seen. I definitely think it had the potential to be good. What I didn t like was that 
Save your money!. The story was awful. Don t spend your money on this one. Borrow it from the library  
Man Hating Hollywood. The plot is of this film is built around Hal, Jack Black s character, being a shallow beauty obsessed man who one day finds that he is 
another film ruined by shoddy DVD manufacturing. This is a review of the OH IN OHIO DVD, rather than the film itself. It s also a warning.I first rented OH 
incomplete. Unable to review this movie as at this stage have been unable to play it on our dvd player.....however, we can play it on our computer but have not 
The Most Biased Movie I ve Watched in Long Long Time. Whatever ills are in the world, it s all the fault of the corporations. That s the basic premise 
DON T TOUCH THIS TERRIBLE DVD!!. I was decieved by a review at this site that made this into being one of the best DVDs out on the market. To 
Please Save Your Money!. This is an unofficial dvd, its not represented by Christina or her management.Theres no music by Christina! Why? This is not an official dvd, Christina s 
This batman is a bad joke that not even the joker would tell. I love batman, but this version of batman is by far the worst version ever created including 
EMMANUELLE IN AMERICA. THE DVD HAS A VERY POOR RECORDING,YOU CAN T HEAR THE AUDIO BECAUSE IT CONTINUE TO BREAK AND THE PICTURE FREEZES . I HAVE A RETURN TAG 
Obviously someone made a home video of the the video. The movie itself is fine. I think Charlten Heston is a fine actor. However, the quality of the film was 
 Innocent Beauty Guilty of Rip-Off. This is just a collection of interviews of a few unknown industry insiders making comments on what any fan already knows. There are only 
This is the worst movie I have seen in 5 years..... I had high hopes for this movie. Alas it was a wasted sentiment.It started off very s-l-o-w. It had 
ANALYZE DEEZ!!!!. I thought the original was pretty good,but this sequel was pure torture to watch!I de rather eat a giant roach, than watchthis movie again! Without question, one ofthe 
Terrible. I have since raised the score a bit on this DVD although I still can t recommend it except for the curious. So, notwithstanding the bump-ups on some of 
Ouch. Well if you re expecting any kind of Something About Mary Meet the Parents quality comedy, it aint here. Stiller and Aniston appear in this although I would like 
Don t bother. What can I say?I would ve been disappointed if I d only rented this DVD, let alone bought it. Like the other reviewers, i too have been 
The Big Letdown. Unfocused, repetitive, and worst of all - boring! What should have been a slam dunk documentary about one of the worst blights on the modern age of 
Fabricating History. Few leftist icons are looked upon more favorably than professor and activist Howard Zinn. Like many radical ideologues, he is the darling of students, the professorate, and the 
 Why come you don t have a tattoo?. IdiocracyIt s fair to compare Mike Judge s Office Space to his latest film, Idiocracy, because both movies approach their subjects 
Returned it to the store!!. This video DVD lacks the content it claims it has. It only covers 5 or so letters, and does not focus on the sounds. It 
I hated this film. ....for several reasons. Apparently, the other online reviewers are extremely over-analytical in their critiques of this film. The DVD s jacket has a quote from Rolling 
A poor rehash. I ve seen these scenes in so many different movies that I got bored andturned it off. It was just a poor copy of other good movies. 
A waste of time. Glad I just recorded this from TV, because boredom set in fairly quickly and then I just fast forwarded, and saw the ending. It s now 
dv that doesnt work. the dvd didn t work and returning it couldn t be more awkward so just cut my losses not happy in the slightes  
inert drama. Even a stellar cast made up of some of the finest talents in the business - Sean Penn, Jude Law, Patricia Clarkson, James Gandolfini, Mark Ruffalo, Kate Winslet 
Action. Lots of action, but totally unbelievable, just like watching wrestling. Amusing enough to watch but not to own  
Sweet homophobic Alabama. Hesitation over the title of this review was purely for consideration of people who might have taken offense at the use of homosexuality in the traditional role 
contrived, implausible crime drama. Four Brothers is yet another nail in the coffin of John Singleton s increasingly moribund moviemaking career. The director - who burst upon the scene in 
How Do I Love Thee? Let Me Count the Bulletholes. . . Ah, true Love. Dinner by candlelight. Holding hands in the moonlight. Snapping a new clip on your Glock 
Viva! Latin Rhythm Workout. The &quot;Latin&quot; moves in this workout seem strangely like American aerobics to me. You can work up a sweat by adding a lot of intensity to 
Put me Straight to Sleep..... Unless you enjoy lots of meaningless violence, this movie is a total bore. Three guys and a pregnant Courtney Love rob a bank, and escape 
The worst zombi film of all time. ....well not the worst, but I thought this film was extremely over rated by many people. I ve noticed, people who like this 
Shame on You Danny Boyle. I was deeply saddened and apalled that this director would have adult men attempting to rape and impregnate a child , you should be ashamed 
Not the Best. I prefer the Shrink Your Female Fat Zones DVD with the balance ball. I really don t like the resistance strap with this one and I will 
 A Promise is a Promise . It Could Happen to You was a bit of a disappointment, considering the makeup of the cast: Nicolas Cage, Bridget Fonda, and Rosie 
Bad New Line!. DO NOT BUY!!! Great movie bad studio!! It has been announced that NEW LINE is replacing Peter Jackson as the director of The Hobbit. The only way 
DVD IS NOT THE ORIGINAL DEMON MOVIE SCENES CUT OUT OF IT. I would have given this movie 5 stars instead of 1.This is without a doubt the scariest movie 
Not pleased. The Firm Lower body sculpt DVD did not meet my expectations.Not enough info was offered to let you know that you need to purchase additional equipment the Fanny 
Eh... I am a huge Cassavetes fan but I cant say this one did it for me, and I dont believe it really does Cassavetes any Justice.Watch this one last, 
 Who would want to kill the sweetest woman in the world? . I knew I was in trouble with FOUR BROTHERS when I saw that Josh Howard of SPORTS 
A not-so-scary, mediocre film!. I was disappointed, after reading several reviews that implied this is a scary movie that has been overlooked by the general public. I m a fan 
Unfortunately, not very realistic. Again, I am forced to serve as the lone reviewer who believes this film to be over-rated. I am definitely a Glenn Ford fan, but the 
Too slow. I am a lover of ALL things Einstein, and a speech therapist so I was excited when I got this dvd. Unfortunately the pace is so slow, and 
A BIG disappointment. I was hoping that the 2nd season would be an improvement from the 1st season, but sadly it is not. I am a major batman fan and 
The Sperminator!. This movie is like 2 and a half hours long!!!WHY?!?!?It can t decide if it wanted to be a movie about a young blackprofessional male blowing the whistle 
A critic s movie. This film is a darling of the critics. Roger Ebert gave it four stars, and A. O. Scott of the NY Times describes it, on the 
not big on mixing musical with fantasy. I never saw this movie until i was 16. The girl i was dating at the time loved this movie. The rocky horror 
Scarring. This movie seems very popular with a lot of fans, but I have something different to say. I ve seen it, once, when I was about 5 1 2. 
Damaged product... After of a long period without seeing my DVD copy, I was alerted by a friend that his copy was oxidized. And so was mine. What to do? 
Here we go again, another unneccessary remake. Well, with 2001 s Planet of the Apes, we have yet another totally unneccesary remake. No, not reimagining, a remake.Just another jumbled mess 
Horrible Nam Shooter. This game stinks! The disc its on isnt worth using as a frisbee  
Beautiful Silliness. For about three quarters of the this movie I was quite literally spellbound. Beautifully acted, beautifully shot, subtle and intelligent---how the hell is this guy going to pull 
A disappointment... I love the FIRM workouts, and I love the instructor Allie, so I was so excited to try this new workout. I was unfortunately extremely disappointed.This workout was 
Not Tomorrow ..... Today!!!. If you haven t already seen this one, do not wait until Tomorrow , do it today.This is one of the most delightful musicals of recent 
A disgrace to any integral female. There are two main female characters in the plot: one is a man-eater who will sleep her way to the top although she may 
OK, but not great. I can t put my finger on why, but I didn t really care for this movie and I usually like all kinds . The game 
Heir to Richard Pryor s genius? Please.... I gave the guy a chance. I saw his stand up and some of his skits. Recently, I saw him on that pompous 
Has not aged well. When I was a kid, I loved this movie and the TV series. I was a devoted fan, and built model rockets of the Viper fighter, 
If you ve seen Seven!!. Oh dear. It was so obvious from the outset that this film wanted to be Seven and the director wanted to be David Fincher. Look 
Don t bother. There are only three short films on this DVD.The Wooden Clogs With The Red StrapsRegenerationLast Day as a TeenagerIf you like classic ghost stories legends, the first 
movie sucked. Jermy you are a punk bizzle fo shizzle and need to suck my dizzle. Shut up. This movie blows. Horrible acting and production, very little special features. It 
THERE S NOTHING WRONG WITH THE DAVIS BABY, BUT THERE S SOMETHING WITH THE FILM ITSELF. Although I knew this movie might not fit my expectations, I still ordered all 
no redeeming qualities. This is NOT non-stop, edge of your seat adventure. The story is pedestrian: the beached ship has all the supplies they need. Plus the island unaccountably has 
Painful to watch. I thought when I saw Steven Seagal in the movie, how could you go wrong getting this? After seeing just 30 minutes of it, I knew how 
Worst Service - Do not buy from these guys. I only wish it were possible to give them no stars, or just red x s. These guys never shipped my 
Did not receive it. The supplier {digital eyes} told it was available any more & they where going to tell Amazon to give me cridit for the above item,but I 
Trite. The Fridays gang steals some diamonds. Mike Epps is not Chris Tucker no matter how hard he tries to be. His constant whinning is enough to ride my last 
Stupid Boring Gross!!. This movie is stupid beyond words. I watched a half hour of it and COULD NOT watch any more I was so lost and BORED. Makes no 
don t hurt yourself in some love-making positions. be careful, guys, all the difficult positions might hurt the infrastructure of your manhood. you also definitely need viagra to avoid early 
Sofia Milos is all the money!. The Order sheds light on a religious sect dating back to the Crusades. Having survived throughout the centuries, it aims at fulfilling a prophecy, 
The Firm. Great movie but CD not perfoming in the last few scenes. It gets stuck or restarts itself. Very frustrating and more frustrating to have to return new CD 
Copycat movie of the Australian movie The Adventures Of Pricilla, Queen Of The Desert . This movie is nothing but a copy of the Australian movie The Adventures Of Pricilla, 
Emptiness vacuum = totally boring. I gave this show a try. I was fidgeting with boredom after the first 20 minutes of the pilot. I browsed through the 2nd episode 
A re-spelling of sucks !. How do you spell sucks ? Easy - A-L-E-X-A-N-D-E-R!I loved Stone s JFK, but this... Words fail me, but I ll try to find a 
Bizzare Rip Off. What rubbish. Ridiculous situations, and poor writing doom this boring, stupid film. Probably, the worst film that starred either Lee Marvin or Gene Hackman. A real hack 
The Constant Gardener. I m starting to appreciate John LeCarre novels more than I did when he was all over the bestseller list. This film version of one was acted 
Not For Children. I first saw the ads for this movie and I was scared to death. All I can say is... this movie is not for young children.  
A Title, where I won t use the word...F... What s with all the titles using the word Fantastic? Wow, that s so original! Did you write that yourself?Anyway, I 
budget. of all the movies i have seen in this catergory this movie was dissapointing to me. poor acting and hard to understand dialoge. would get a refund if you 
YAWN!. I m not a fan of Stephen King film adaptations. The only one I like is Carrie bec it was directed by Brian DePalma and featured terrific performances by 
Bad job!. I bought this video thinking that it would be a great tool to teach about fires. Well, what it did was show Elmo scared half to death about 
Not scary. I just didn t find this second installment to Nightmare On Elm Street scary at all. And neither did my Dad. It s definitely, so far, the worst 
Uuuugggh..... You know, I like to call myself a wrestling fan, but then I read all these reviews and realize something. Most everyone who s left a review on a 
Not As Great As All The Hype. I hear all the time as i read hip hop mags and articlesall about how great Wild Style IS THE BEST HIP HOP 
What a piece of crap! I gave this one star, but it deserves none.. I am not sure what the filmmakers of this train wreck were striving for when they 
too loud. When the background music completely overpowers the dialogue, you may as well turn it off. The background music was piercing and I needed to have the remote in 
Kathy Smith fan... I have several Kathy Smith videos & never minded the outdated clothes, hair, or music because of the quality of the workout. I ve tried newer more 
let s be honest. I so wanted this movie to be great. Or even good. But it s neither. In fact, it borders on being down right bad. Stiff acting, 
Sometimes you need to trust the bad reviews. I rented this movie mostly because they goof on it in The 40 Year Old Virgin. I like Caruso on CSI Miami, 
Not the comedy advertised at all.... This has to be one the the biggest if not THE biggest examples of a film pretending it s something it isn t in 
Shocked and disappointed!. I can t believe how much the quality of this series has gone downhill. Seeing someone other than Tyne Daly playing Miss Alice is almost enough to 
bidi bidi we have trouble Buck. I gave this a 2 star review not because I don t like the series but the way the disks were processed. DVD-18 has 
One sided expert s review. The DVD is really a deception. All the experts invited are the ones that support Gnostic theory. I was hoping that I can see a 
a waste of time,. I am very disapponted with this movie. The acting was so so, plot was weak, and action scenes weren t so good either. Don t waste 
Different Cast. Different writers???????. After seeing both Peyton Place and the sequel I can tell you that I could tolerate the recast, Carol Lynley and Tuesday Weld were wonderful in 
Lin1. I was very disappointed with this second edition. My daughter and I loved the first action filled movie and had hoped this would be just as exciting. The movie 
Don t bother!. This is just a giant slap in the face! First of all, WB totally bothches the first season, and THEN try to get you to pay for 
Not good at all!!. I like Jewels music and was hoping this would be one of her concerts with some info on how she wrote the songs. But.... Not even 
It s good... if all you wanna learn in 3 steps!. They teach you the basic triple step, followed by the Open loop, and one underarm turn... THAT IS IT! 
Over-Acted. I ll tell you the truth - I purchased this film only so I could say I now own every movie Alan Rickman has ever done. He, as any 
White Palace. no subtitles at all; as I am over 77 years of age , subtitlesare a must for DV  
Bummer. I ve been doing a lot of research about the artist Artemisia Gentileschi, and this movie really doesn t fit the historical data that we do have about this 
Not as good as I remember. When I was 18 watching topless woman was all I needed to Like a sex comedy.Now 30 years later this movie didn t hold 
Warning: Do not give the star of the show any gum before taking the stage. Please...someone make it stop! I couldn t take no more than about 1 2 hour 
NOT A GOOD INTRO INTO TAI CHI. I feel a bit releived after reading some of the reviews on here. I thought I was too uncoordinated to get this down, 
GARBAGE. Don t waste your time or money with this DVD. The best part of the DVD is probably the Trailers and most of those are Garbage also. My DVD 
Disturbing-To say the least. I saw this recently and was to say the least, very disturbed by the video surveilence of Kell KILLING Blackmon. It is a very sad true 
Blu-ray screws us here!. The Blu-ray Disc is supposed to have 5 times more memory than standard DVD. So why can t they release ALL the special features and more 
tedious in which we serve. Highly recommended,but,to many scenes of men bobbing aroundin a life boat. Little action scenes and those that were seenwere not believable  
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 3-Pack [3 Discs]. The price of this collection was originally 36.86 dollars, why did you increase the cost by 10 dollars  
Ok film.. Less than OK DVD.. First off, I am a HUGE Pixar fan. In November in 95 I took my company to see Toy Story and within 6 months 
stayed up late to see another door. Can t remember too much of this, but was convinced that at the live showing of this on the National geographic channel, that 
Bomb s the word. I actually made it to the end of Christopher Hampton s disastrous adaptation of Conrad s atypical novel, but I envy the wisdom of those who 
Terrible!. I hated this film! It was so corny and weird. I have never seen a video like it! The music was awful and it gave you a bad feeling 
Dark drama that does not end well. The biggest draw for me in anime is an engaging plotline that really makes you think in new directions. Witch Hunter Robin was 
D.U.D. Egads! This is an awful movie. Even by 80s standards it s possibly one of the worst, slow moving, jaw yapping so called horror films I have ever seen 
Really a waste of your time. Read S. Medeiros s review below. I don t mind saying s he pretty much nailed it. I had to watch this movie in 
Barely watchable. This has always been a great series. Beautifully drawn with shades of grey. But the series you start watching is not what you end with. You are drawn 
A disgrace to any integral female. There are two main female characters in the plot: one is a man-eater who will sleep her way to the top although she may 
It works, if you like formulaic garbage. On Demand , the service offered by many cable and satellite providers, is proving its worth. It s getting me to watch movies 
sha,she-sha,she-SHA!!!. extremely boring italian non-horror movie. this movie builds and builds, but nothing ever really happens. The guy who doesn t get it? I ll tell you my friend. This 
Turbulence 2: The worst movie ever. When I saw this movie I was thinking what kind of person would even decide to make this movie. They would ve saved a 
WAS GLUE EXTRA. DVD had sticky substance around center of disc which was unnoticed when loading into machine. It required taking machine apart to remove  
The Most Hate-Inducing, Racist Film Ever!. A French saying goes: The more things change, the more they stay the same. It appears that the historical epic film of yesteryear is 
Not all that great... In fact I found it to be pretty much easily summed up with one word-CRAP  
Are there lower ratings?. Stick with Ted Turners Gettysburg , what can I honestly say about this work of fluff. Nothing  
WOW. Boy this movie was weird and psycho. I happen to like the weird movies but it was WAY off the psycho side for me. Friends try to cover up 
Where is the button for -0- stars?!. Thinly veiled attempt to push politically correctness down the throats of our children, sacrificing the faith and beliefs of their elders in the 
Overt Child Exploitation That Never Redeems Itself Satisfyingly. A well-acted, well-portrayed, sickening, overt example of an adult whose sole desire for a child is based on getting that child to 
God Awfull. My two housemates and myself could not watch this movie. It is so god awfull! It is just not funny at all. Horrid! The egg scene was as 
Like Riverdance less now!. I had not realized what great performers Michael Flatley, Colin Dunne and Jean Butler were until I watched this version of Riverdance. The lead dancers in 
bad Hamburger. This movie gets 2 stars and not 1, only because the story is historically accurate. However, The acting, the photograpy and even the sound quality of this movie 
Price gouging!. 174.99 is ridiculous! You guys keep upping the price! I paid 114.99 elsewhere  
This movie is by far the worst but... If you like nude guys wrestling each other for 1 whole hour then this is your movie there is no after scene 
Couldn t even stand to finish watching it. Okay, this is positively one of the worst movies I have ever seen. This movie is nothing but plotless nudity, violence, etc. 
Barely Skims the Surface. This movie on Chomsky isn t very unique or interesting. He is a brilliant man, and his books will obviously teach you more. A good dvd 
Are you kidding me????. This is probably one of the worst movies I ve ever seen. On top of the horrible acting...the events are so over the top that they 
Bottom of the Barrel. I am appalled at how off-the-mark & just plain awful this film is. As a pastiche of early 20th century Hollywood artistes it sets a new 
Worst movie ever. Even worse than Wing Commander, yet another craptastic movie starring Freddy Prince Junior. Why does it suck? Well first it stars FPJ, so you know it s 
DEAD MOVIE. Shame on talented actors like Maura Tierney and Jerry Orbach for their involvement in this laughably bad mystery movie. Uninspired direction with a trite and convoluted script combine 
Somebody has to be the voice of reason here... It s easy to laud Sealab 2021 as a clever parody of classic Hanna-Barbera cartoons. Just as Venture Bros. parodies adventure 
VILE LAME DRECK, I VE SEEN BETTER FILM ON THE SIDE OF A SLOPPY GREASE POT!. The Poseidon Adventure 2005 TV Movie is exciting as watching food rot on the 
What the hell were they Thinking?. Well what can I say about this movie? Well one thing is: It wasn t what I d expected. Those who d seen the 
Worst movie ever?. Please note -- this movie receives one star ONLY because Amazon does not offer a zero star or, more appropriately for this film, negative rating.Recently, Entertainment Weekly 
Unwatchable. Nothing but noise, histrionics, a huge wad of gum, and flash-cutting a gratuitous addtion to the strobes. It s a lemon and I wish I had my money back 
Completely Skippable. Our two year old loves the TV shows & his Wiggles CDs, but he is not interested in this DVD. It is simply songs strung together, with little 
Uninspired performance from Johnny. I was really disappointed in this movie, as Johnny Depp seems to sleepwalk through the entire role, and shows none of his previous greatness from other 
Lost In The Re-write. I assume that at some point this project had a much better script than the final one in order to get William Hurt and others involved. 
WHAT S THAT SOUND? THE DEATH RATTLE OF THE LEFT. soros cannot support this forever, air america eventually has to survive on it s own. there are indications it s 
Pretty, but that s it. The special effects are quite good. The plot, pacing, acting, internal consistency, and internal logic, much less so.Even fantasy must have some internal logic to 
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. I AM A BIG FAN OF AMERICAN ME BLOOD IN BLOOD OUT ETC. BUT THIS ONE JUST TOTALLY SUCKED!!! IT HAS REALLY CHEESY SOUND EFFECTS 
Wasted chance. I think the movie has potential but ends up taking a childish turn in the end. I agree mostly with the points Mike Leonard makes in his review 
Worst movie ever?. Please note -- this movie receives one star ONLY because Amazon does not offer a zero star or, more appropriately for this film, negative rating.Recently, Entertainment Weekly 
Pretentious. Biggest piece of pretentious ... I ve seen in a long long time!!!It s all very autobiographical about this really cool and talented actress Anna Battista who is adored 
My Least Favorite Bergman. Really didn t think this movie was as convincing and gut wrenching as most of Bergman s films. He does happen to be in my top 
Passable. Although passable this movie falls far short from the potential it s plotline held. While the effects were nicely done and the magic smoothly incorporated the real flaw in 
Broadway s Lost Treasures. I can t write a review because I had to send both CD s back because they would not play. I just ordered another one yesterday, 
Collectors Item...Grab it !. I did not really care that much for this new updated version of the TZ, but for 43 episodes and Amazon selling it now for ONLY 
It s all or nothing in my book... Hollywood made a good attempt. As both an X-men fan and an actor, I can understand complaints from both sides.The critic in 
Great Language Features. Band Camp was funny, but not as good as the first two American Pie movies. It was, however, on par with the third movie in the series. 
contrived, implausible crime drama. Four Brothers is yet another nail in the coffin of John Singleton s increasingly moribund moviemaking career. The director - who burst upon the scene in 
The pits. I m a huge Tom Berenger fan but I simply can t say anything good about this film. The plot is horrible, the acting unconvincing even Berenger , 
Lousy western, but my wife likes it. I run hot and cold with Clint Eastwood. Hot with movies like Outlaw Josey Wales , and Dirty Harry . Unforgiven ranks right 
Silkwood Norma Rae Go to Minnesota. North Country has a few things going for it and plenty against it. The magnificent photography and gritty settings give a rare view to 
Just don t watch it. You would think that you would buy and watch these seasons, but you just never put them in the DVD player. What a waste of 
WOW. Boy this movie was weird and psycho. I happen to like the weird movies but it was WAY off the psycho side for me. Friends try to cover up 
WHAT!. 58 for a B-movie slasher flick!? You people are on some serious drugs  
Hated it!. Consider it one of the worst movies I ve tried to watch in years. Didn t even finish watching it. Think it was due mainly to very poor 
Old cars. In my humble opinion, the real stars of this sorry sequal were the cars, e.g. the Corvair, Buscemi s Caddy and Cuervo s 1959 Buick.How often do you 
Too many subplots. This movie seemed to have some potential for science fiction, but got lost somewhere with all the subplots that had really nothing to do with what was 
... I ve noticed my reviews are, for the most part, either 1 or 5 star reviews. Once again, I have encountered a product that cannot logically be given anything 
Gave it a Chance but... I really did give this a chance but I can t say I like the show. It focuses more on the police aspect and less 
STRAIGHT GARBAGE.. ..I recently purchased the first House movie, i remember watching it as a kid, it was apparently alot scarier during my adolesence, anyways the second one came with 
Bad New Line!. DO NOT BUY!!! Great movie bad studio!! It has been announced that NEW LINE is replacing Peter Jackson as the director of The Hobbit. The only way 
Dissapointed. This movie is not worth Sam Elliot. I was very dissapointed, I will most likely thow it away  
Not a Remake, More Like a Sequel. When I heard they re-made the classic 74 version I was real pumped to get to see a new take on it. That 
Good to watch and great music - not good to practice yoga. I bought this DVD based on Shiva Rea s strong reputation and some amazon reviews, however, I am 
Master and Commander. CThe biggest problem with this movie is Crowe he cannot act! The story is a little far fetched and not believable  
Fun Family Movie. The movie is fine, but...............There is no mention in the description that this is a widescreen format. I use full screen. When I contacted amazon to find 
only to see and enjoy the great Mae West. well, what can i say about this movie, i just acquire it to see the great West on her 80s fun 
It watched it on fast forward!. Except for two cuties: William Zabka and Dana Ashbrook! Especially Dana who constantly having a hard-on  
If 0 stars was an option, I would ve chosen that... This movie is crap. It s annoying to watch. Especially if you go to a lot of shows. It 
Disappointing follow-up to Flesh for Frankenstein. Andy Warhol s Dracula as this film was originally known was one of those films I was busting to see as a kid - 
One of the worst movies I have ever seen. This entire movie could have run in only 20 minutes and you wouldn t miss anything and might even enjoy it. 
Not Terrible-But Not Good. My father had viewed this years ago and remembered it being excellent. We just got it and it is not. The sets are horrible. It must 
Shoot the Americans - not the chicken and boar, PLEASE!!!!. After having seen this movie, I understand why Europeans, Arabs and everybody else hates Americans... There are scenes where we 
It had some good moments, but was mostly boring..... I am a Sci-Fi Space geek so this movie seemed right up my alley. The cast was solid, the director has 
Completely unnecessary.... This is an OK film. It has none of the mystery, the art, the ambiguity, or the brilliance of 2001. It s just a rather straightforward story. It 
Before you jump into this.... You might waant to read the review I posted on vol 2, it was scary nor will I be nurnt a second time  
How are the mighty fallen. Chow Yun-Fat hasn t made a film since Bulletproof Monk, and that may just be out of embarrassment. On paper this could have been an 
Disappointing compared to the first one. We love Sandra Bullock but compared to the first Miss Congeniality this movie is way below average. It is by far not as funny 
Where was Teddy?. I m a hard core Mr. Bean fan- and I have been since his birth in 1989- but I was VERY unhappy with this movie! It was 
Not as good as cold be. The way they portrayed Freddy with his mask was just no good. At the time it came out there should have been better effects 
Gimme a break!. I didn t believe the negative reviews, but I m a believer now! And I don t mean that I believe in ET! I gave this movie 
interesting as an intellectual exercise, less so as a drama. 1 2 Free Radicals is a stark, slow-moving meditation on the randomness of life. Matching style to theme, this Austrian 
Bond s Second Fall: Dull, Cheesy, and One of the Worst in the Series. For better or worse, after the relative box-office slump of ON HER MAJESTY S SECRET SERVICE, 
Not a good adaptation of The Great American Novel. I love The Great Gatsby, so I have high standards when it comes to its films. The 1974 version was adequate 
Much Ado About Nothing. Despite of having the hand of a true great director at the helm and a multi-star cast including a top-notch soundtrack by U2 , the movie 
quite dissapointing. With so many good acters in this film you would think this would be a good film.Its a rubbish love story.It had a few good songs and thats 
Is The A teens Music Video Heartbreak Lullaby On The DVD???. I just wanted to find out and please let me know dat is the A Teens music video Heartbreak 
Probably the only role of Laughton s that s not fun to watch. Charles Laughton herein plays a ruffled-shirt vaguely effeminate noble gentlemen. He is the law of the land 
spare me............ Michael burned up an the doc blew up in Halloween 2, end of story, end of franchise. Money hungry producers and writers need to get a brain and 
yawn.... only for conspiracy-theory types. Not worth it - only for anti-Christians interested in conspiracy theory looniness. Thoroughly one sided, but that would be OK if it weren t riddled 
Thirteen Year Old Janey is a Victim of Sexual Abuse. This is a film that literally sees little wrong with child molesting. And no, I m not even slightly exaggerating. 
Not worth it!. I am shocked at how many good reviews this got! This is not an educational dvd; it is a close up of an extremly hairy woman masturbating 
A few slices short of a pie. This one will be brief. The movie is an excuse for young actors to use the F word and demonstrate that cannot act. 
Too much music, Little story. Early movie apperance by the lovely but somewhat underwelming Laura Harring sees her and cast of dancers performing numerious music numbers in this Spanish musical 
An American Discgrace in the Discount Video Bin. This film sucked harder than a boatload of whores during shore leave. I originally saw it for free and afterwards, I still 
what a sad world we live in. They say that art reflects society and it is no wonder that Bush is president and the whole world has gone mad killing 
Whoa Wait! We re uncoordinated white folk!. Was hoping this would be a lot of fun for my 9 year old, and her younger brothers, too. Forget it. Extremely overwhelming 
Some Of The Worst Acting I ve Seen In My Entire Life!. When the lead character acts like she s sleepwalking through the entire film, that s distracting! When just 
disappointed. I have been buying workout video s DVD s with Denise Austin for years and have been very happy with them. However since Denise is no longer with Artisan 
The worst snake movie ever! [...]. I saw this crap on the sci-fi channel the other day, and I was disapointed. The plot is pretty cool, but the action sucks, 
Surprisingly slight and insubstantial. The New World is the least of Terrence Malick s limited filmography to date, and could be best described as a monotone poem. It s not 
Can You Say X-Men ?. When I first saw this show I was VERY dissapointed. This is X-Men all over again. Don t get me wrong I love X-men but 
Noooo! Make it stop!. It seems like a good idea... Las Vegas Hillbillys, a kind of a Krush Groove for the possum pie and moonshine set, starring Jayne Mansfield and 
Taking Lives 2004 . Director: D.J. CarusoCast: Angelina Jolie, Ethan Hawke, Kiefer Sutherland, Gena Rowlands, Oliver Martinez, Tcheky Karyo, Jean-Hughes Anglade, Paul Dano.Running Time: 109 minutesRated R for violence, gore, 
kitsch is global. A 130-minute barrage of unrelieved bathos and sentimentality, this Swedish import doesn t so much insult your intelligence as complacently assume that you never had any in 
Avoid this bootleg. This DVD is a poor quality bootleg. The real U.S. title of this film is Master Killer , but the original title is 36th Chamber of Shaolin 
negative 92 stars. If I could I would give this movie -92 stars, for each minute of my life I wasted on it. Such a disappointment for fans of the 
THIS IS A DOCUMENTARY - NOT THE HOLLYWOOD VERSION!!. DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR THE HOLLYWOOD VERSION WITH HARRY CONNICK JR!! I was greatly disappointed 
Dry comedy for people who don t like dry comedy. This show deserved to get cancelled, and there s a very simple reason. This is supposedly dry, subtle comedy for 
Overblown Dialog Spoils Much. I got this DVD as part of a set of Hallmark mini-series and hoped it would be as good as some of the others. The other 
The entire Escaflowne universe in a can... First off, I am a fan of the original series - Escaflowne. It s by far up there in the top 5 of 
It sucks, badly. Really, the whole movie sucks. Let s start from the top, the plot. Now, as you probably know, the plot has nothing to do with the game, 
For study, not entertainment. It is true that this film was a great leap foward in the technical development of motion pictures. However, D. W. Griffith was too smart a 
Redundat, At Best. Street Fighter Alpha was a decent, stand-alone action-oriented story. It presented a conflict and attempted to finish it. Why they decided to delve back into the Alpha 
Beautiful Sharon Stone Aside, The Film Is Just Awful. Sharon Stone reprises the role of crime novelist Catherine Tramell that made her internationally famous back in 1992. The truth is, 
Pretty awful for a bad movie. Ator is way cooler. This was just dumb. But it did have a topless chick in it. And laser arrows  
The Sick, the Sicker, and the Dead. The film opens with three men arriving at a house. They draw their pistols and rush in. Shots are fired, and Tuco escapes. 
Disappointed. This was not the entire version of the HBO Special. I was disappointed because some of my favorite parts were missing from this DVD. If I had known it 
Is anyone ELSE tired of stereotypes??. This movie is just terrible; even more than MOST of the predictably terrible films in this genre. Women with terrible haircuts, dirty homes filled 
Awesome Movie Junk DVD Production. I originally saw this movie on Showtime and loved it. So of course when I found a palce that actually carried the DVD I was 
Buyer beware!. I love the Office. What I don t love is Amazon listing a 3-disc boxed set of Seasons 1 and 2 and the 2 BBC specials for sale 
Oh Mylanta. This was not what I expected, I love food movies like Eat drink man woman , Tortilla Soup , Like Water for Chocolate ,This movie was just a 
Annoying Waste of Time Killer. George Kiseleff stars as Gary Ridgway or The Greeennnn Rivverrrr Killeerrrr. Anyways he is married and has a son and goes out to bars, picks 
ABOUT AS ENTERTAINING AS WATCHING MICHAEL JACKSON DRY-HUMP HOWDY DOODY. I WOULD LOVE TO SEE THE CAST OF THIS MOVIE DRESSED UP AS HOT DOGS AND THROWN INTO A CAGE 
Not a nicer place. The first two Anne of Green Gables movies were terrific. Interesting characters carried you to a nicer place. This movie has more turmoil, rather than charming 
COULD VE BEEN A BETTER MOVIE WITH A MUCH BETTER CAST. The only reason why I gave it two stars is because, I like Drew Berrymore and Demi Moore as 
For Preverbal Babies?. As a counselor for families with young babies, I have had the opportunity to review a number of language programs both sign and verbal for preverbal babies 
Funny but Candy s- done better! I did pass Suki s Hungarian Salon in Vancovuer on way 2 airport 11 05 going home from Grey Cup. Child molester Jeffrey Jones 
I find grass growing to be more entertaining. Apparently when this film was released at the 1968 Acapulco Film Festival it incited a riot and while making his escape Jodorowsky 
A little dissappointed. I liked the shows when the 1st ran on tv; the unrated didn t quite live up to my expectations  
so boring, it gets bored with itself. There are just two rules when you create a thriller with a pretty lead: 1 The lead the delectable Ashley Judd had better 
Dumb Story. This is the worst Asian movie that I have ever seen. The story is dumb and doesn t make any sense, especially the ending. And to top it 
Pathetic Gangster Style Movie. I ve read a lot of reviews for this movie stating that it is an excellent film and some even call it one of the best 
PLEASE!!!! FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DON T BUY THIS!!!. I found this DVD at Wal-Mart for 15 bucks and finally got around to watching it. Buying this DVD was 
Someone s Dream Home, is another person s Hell House. Do you remember in school when you were asked to write out a skit about a lesson, or perhaps make 
EDITED. This DVD is edited from the original version. This movie is HOT, the cut DVD is NOT  
The Itsy Bitsy Problem. By the time you see the ending, you ll already be wishing that you hadn t watched this movie  
Weird and Stupid movie. I found this movie to be very stupid. The first hour of the movie is not too bad, but quickly got stupid when Bill Pullmans character 
Good God! What is this ...? Needs a zero star!. I gave it a chance and not suprisingly I was thoroughly sickened. This is one of the latest in a 
Complete crap!!! I m glad I didn t buy these!. I rented a couple of these DVD s from Netflix thinking I would get to see four great super bowls 
A lesson in quit while you re ahead. I love Westerns because I love the scenery and the music but Guns of the Magnificent Seven is really pushing my tolerance 
Do 15 minutes make a movie great?. The answer is a big NO! After the first 15 minutes of this movie, which don t get me wrong were quite awesome, 
Waste of time... As much as I like Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd, I really wanted to like this film. I enjoyed them in Kiss The Girls, and I expected 
Fun with Voices. Mos Def I think his name is had the most annoying voice throughout the whole movie. I wish he would shut up about his stupid cake shop 
make it stop.... PLEASE......!!!!. uhmm....yah... this is a low budget film , but low budget doesnt mean it has to suck. i ve seen tons of low budget films that 
Not Formated for USA Region 1 . I bought this DVD for my husband for Xmas. We loved Shaolin Soccer so much, I thought it would be a great present. 
I Guess I Grew Up. Geez....way back THEN, I absolutely loved Alice. Thirty years later it all looks so immature and ridiculous. His theatrical broadway R & R antics just 
Inferior compare to others. This movie is watchable, but barely. Its not on the same level of the other chainsaw versions....and see leatherface as a....never mind, youllhave to see for 
Blind Faith - Unfortunately the only DVD available. Disappointing, poor sound & picture quality, as well !!!It s a pity, they should in this case have remastered it, rather to 
I have had nothing good to say about this since...... They omitted the line from the movie version of this. It s where the alien tells the detective: Your Mother 
hitchcock breaks his own rule and sinks this turkey. hitchcock said in interviews that the most important thing in a movie was if you do a flashback,the flashback must not 
Is not working on X-Box HD player. We have two of the X-Box 360 HD-DVD players in the house and the discs would not play on either one of them. 
Though advertised as widescreen, it is not.... I try very hard to only buy widescreen DVD s. This was advertised as Widescreen and even the plastic case says it is.... 
Baron Baptise - Journey Into Power Level 2. Never recieved my purchase after one month  
 1.5 stars One of Masters of Horror. This episode wasn t scary, where s the mutilation, gore, or people killing? Zombies didn t even eat people s flesh, they 
Nearly unwatchable.... The Phantom Menace suffers from a horrendous script,but it actually has a couple of scenes that are genuinely entertaining.On the other hand,Attack of the Clones is quite possibly 
Scaience and spirit-the great questions. He told us what was wrong with current belief-what is the replacement and where is the scientific backing for his view  
Thank You reviewers. I would like to thank all of you here for alerting me us to the fact that these episodes are not in their original state and not 
something missing. This is a major disappointment as most of the beloved Carry On gang are missing. Sid James appears five times, Hattie Jacques only once and Kenneth Williams and 
preachy - but not in the way you d imagine. I checked this out because I wanted to take a look at what the new Doctor Who people have been 
Poorly done mocumentary. 24-Hour Party People is a mocumentary at the lowest rung if Best In Show was not enough that tries at many times to be funny but is 
Book from Alex Hailey is way better. The Book from Alex Haley when I read it some 10 years ago changed my life and views of people with color, and 
Did not receive it. The supplier {digital eyes} told it was available any more & they where going to tell Amazon to give me cridit for the above item,but I 
7 out of 100. Horrible. Q, the Winged Serpent was one of the worst movies I have even seen. I went into the film knowing it was a B movie 
bilge. If I have watched a worse movie, in my rather long life, I cannot remember it. This is not even more camelot pap, for those who worship at the 
Disappointment. After being a long time Isley fan, I treated myself to what seemed like a greatest hits DVD. Ron s voice was ok, but just no energy, very ho 
I HAVE A DIFFERENT OPINION... It is unusual that I disagree with so many great critics praising a movie where there is so much talent. This movie tries to deal 
Great Shows, Horrible Quality. I recently found this two-pack in a bargain bin for five bucks, Being a Lucy fan I snatched it up and brought it home. Well all 
worst movie ever. Only film I have ever walked out of the theatre....No redeeming qualities, ZERO stars...  
not worth buying. I saw this movie when I was little and liked it, and I have always been a Jet Li fan. When I received the dvd I was 
I have seen better. I bought this DVD because of the 5 star rating. It was soooo bad I gave it away. This is the first DVD I have every 
Horrible. Absolutely unwatchable. Cliche-ridden. So silly it s very nearly offensive. It s like watching one long music video by a B-level rapper - full of dumb, beautiful women, buff, 
Poor History and a screenplay over-dramatic. I m glad someone knows enough about English History to recognize the pure fiction of this film. But in addition to points made about 
I have not yet received this DVD. I can t review an item you haven t sent me yet  
A Big Joke...... As someone who is very familiar with the true story of Kenneth Bianchi, the famed serial killer nicknamed The Hillside Strangler, I was very excited to see 
If it looks and smells like...it probably is. Signs that you are about to make a bad purchase. 1 star is the highest rating. I of course didn t read 
This one will put you to sleep. This was a big disappointment. Not worth it!!!!  
horrible. great book, too bad the movie changes almost the entire story by leaps and bounds. i was only half way through the novel when i bought the movie, almost 
Not For Kids. Got it for the kids. After watching the first few, everyone agreed that we should not have purchased it. Good story, but too much gender content. Gets 
Sandy s biggest letdown. Miss Congeniality 2- Armed and Fabulous is a terrible, unoriginal little sequel. No wonder it didn t make a lot at the box office, I love 
Naughty but clever. Yes. Wild things is what I recommend for our jaded eyes. Aren t we sick of all the crowd pleasing PG-13 shows which are neither sexy or 
Excellent movie - terrible DVD. I agree with other comments that have been made about the poor quality ofthis digitally remastered DVD. The picture quality is terrible, and themovie has 
Disappointing remake. This movie, based on the Thomas Harris book, is a remake of the movie Manhunter. The story leads up to the events of the popular Silence of the 
very bad and poor. Sorry but i totaly disagree with all these positive reviews.I m a fan of war classic films but this one is a mess.Nothing is moving,action is 
Total Garbage. This movie is the most boring, uninteresting piece of garbage I have everwasted my money on. The plot is stupid, the characters are dull and insipid, and the 
Not Funny and Very Offensive. I don t think this guys jokes are funny at all. Every skit is a slithering crack at white people and most of his shows 
ZZZZZZZ. Too bad such a great historic moment was trivalized. Choppy. Too long. No substance. Phony. Suggest Clint return to being a mayor. His acting & directing days are over. 
Saved by the performances. Igby Goes Down has been repeatedly compared to Catcher in the Rye and I really have to wonder why. Holden Caulfield struggled to find real people 
Depressing. Seeing what s become of the rock and roll legends I remember from when we were much younger, I found very depressing. I d rather remember them the way 
LOVE AFFAIR - JUST ANOTHER UPDATED CLASSIC THAT DIDN T WORK. Many of the reviews I read felt strongly in favor of this remake, but some of the people had 
Yow!. This is the film that could easily have tanked the career of lesser mortals, but the mighty Jane Fonda continued acting in six or seven subsequent films until 1992, 
2.35 STARS: Tenebre is more of a murder mystery with graphic kills. Dario Argento s Tenebre is more of a murder mystery with graphic violence rather than a pure horror 
Great Acting Ruined By Politics. Stellar performances by all actors and actresses involved in this movie are ruined by the sheer ignorance of the topic. Not one single fact about 
Dissapointed. Ella Enchanted has been my favorite book for years and when I heard that they were going to make it into a movie, I was estatic. I marked the 
Very Disappointing. I bought Rael Pilates System 7 online without knowing much about pilates. I finally got the chance to use it today and while I was feeling the different 
Garbage for all seasons!!. This was a mess. This movie gave me the feeling that I was was watching a really bad made for tv film. I was mesmerized at 
Too Sympathetic Towards Da Vinci Code, One-Sided Experts, Still Debunks!. This DVD gives documentary coverage concerning such DA VINCI CODE topics as Rosslyn Chapel, the Priory of Scion, the Knights 
Rent It!. I have to disagree with the other reviewers. I enjoyed the series, and probably saw most of the episodes, but this wasn t worth the time.  
TOO MUCH CLOWNING -- WAY TOO GIMMICKY. I recently saw Les Miserables - 10th Anniversary Concert on DVD and absolutely fell in love with it so I thought I would 
Garbage pure and simple. This has got to be the absolutely the sickest bottom of the heap horror movie ever made. You have been warned  
I ve had 1080p T2 for 3 years. There s no need to buy this expensive version. Back in 2003 T2 extreme was released which was an excellent version of 
Boo!. It wasn t a bad movie except for all the killing. How about a nice movie where people just get along? Instead, this crazy michael myers guy runs around 
Terrible. Wow! This movie is deeply entrenched on my list of worst movies of all time. I watched it last night and I woke up in a bad mood. Everything 
Tarantino is the great deceiver!. The only reason why Tarantino has done such a weak films is because he can t do better films. I consider myself a great movie 
Weak film with a spectacularly bad ending. I notice that most of the Amazon reviews of Secret Window have been written by fans of Johnny Depp, and that fact probably 
over edited, and badly too. This show is probably a thousand times better in person, than on video. I couldn t say if I agree that the dancing is good, 
Not nearly as good as I had remembered or hoped... I remember watching the NBC Mystery Movie in the 70s. I remember the theme music not on the DVD, by 
Pretty Woman Meets Toxic Tort. Even though I would agree that Erin Brockovich is an entertaining movie, Julia Roberts performance in it is no more Oscar-worthy than was her performance 
MaN!. this sucked for real, they need to make a better video than this sh t  
 Well, I love you, you potato head. . You d think with a cast including Cary Grant, Ginger Rogers, Marilyn Monroe and a chimpanzee all directed by the great 
Well... I saw this movie many years ago. I still cannot entirely rid myself of its memory.It was the only time ever that I nearly threw up in the cinema 
WEAZEL. This is the worst I do mean worst video I have ever bought. The fights are all staged and really bad, the bad thing is that the girls can 
Ridiculous movie. I personally love Mariah, but she makes fool of herself in this movie. Babe, stop acting and just stick to singing: that s what you re doing best! 
Unnecessarily Epic... After 40 minutes of objective viewing, and shot after superfluous shot, I sat through another 30 minutes in pain. I ve come to the fairly well informed conclusion 
STORY IS GOOD; MCENTIRE FAILS AS AN ACTRESS!. When she utters the line I feel so violated ...Reba is totally inept as an actress in this movie. THe story is 
Made-for-cable schlock. &quot;Random Encounter&quot; tries to make Elizabeth Berkeley look like a good actress but it cant be done, sorry. the story is so-so, and very by-the-book  
BAD SELLER. We found out too late that this was a bootlegged copy! Beware  
ILLTEPHILL is wrong!. Bridget FOnda at her best performance? Guy, this is a lousy picture, where everything is wrong: the director seems to don t know what to do with 
Please enter a title for your review. I liked Unscripted so I figured I could trust the previous work of the same creative team to be as good, but that 
Absolutely Nauseating!. I don t care what the Hollywood media machine has told the world about this annoying and worthless film. Every character is a cliche. Warren Beatty and Halle 
boring i fell asleep watching. Patrick Swayze worst movie ever you hardly ever seen him in the movie pluse you had to read the whole thing, Forest Whitaker scene s 
A colorful yet disappointing attempt to capture Doyle s idea. The color and CGI s are excellent in this film. The location shots are great, and the attempt to capture 
No connection to Demons 1&amp;2!!. I hate this movie. No connection to Demons 1&amp;2. Its like the Halloween III of the Demons movies  
Neat computer hacking, but the plot was weak... Being somewhat of a computer geek myself I could relate to the characters dealing with all of the network stuff and obstacles 
Not too hot. Not sure what I was expecting but it was a let down as far as the movie goes, would not suggest to other to spend the bucks 
still not fixed. As others have said, it s really a shame that you can t rate the film and the DVD seperately. I didn t buy this sooner because 
its ok but I gave it away. Although I love the Firm, this one is not my favorite.It is a good workout,there is just something about it...it drags.Perhaps Ms DelRio 
Remember when you thought talking genitals were all the rage?. Ultimately nothing more than a snuff film for girls who like to get it on with the same sex via 
HILARIOUS!!. Regarding the intent of the American Idol competition, Simon Cowell has put it nicely and correctly on numerous occasions. He constantly reminds, This is a singing competition. Not a 
an affair to remember. i think the newer version the love affair with Warren Beatty Annette Benning better.  
It is worth seeing, but Michael Morre missed the point. He thought the columbine incident was about gun control. It was not. It was about anger and bullying. That is 
Dull overexageration. An even though it s fiction, the incidents seem to fall out of the movies context to become contrived. Boring nonsence on a teen hormone kick  
whitewash. Watch the 1988 Biography Imagine: John Lennon instead of this. This is an oversimplification, if not revisionist history. There are some interesting parts showing the evidence of the Nixon 
this is not reality. Hi, I have been waiting to watch this show for along time and was very dissapointed. Everything had been scripted from the cousin wearing a seamore 
Oy!. Vey es mehr. What a turkey. Okay, blood in the waves: good idea. But who wrote this sexfest? He should be sent an exploding whoopie cushion. I want to 
It certainly doesn t age well. I have wanted to see this movie since it came out in 1981 when I was first becoming interested in 60s radicalism I was 
WHY?. Theres only one word to describe this ppv and thats S T, WHY did they have to ruin 2 matches main events what could have saved this event! This 
Great Acting Ruined By Politics. Stellar performances by all actors and actresses involved in this movie are ruined by the sheer ignorance of the topic. Not one single fact about 
Stilted, drippy, outdated, and worst of all REDFORD. Okay people, Robert Redford is an ATROCIOUS actor. He is a Hormel hamslice prancing around as a vapid left-wing pooh bah. Witness 
PUTRID, VACUOUS & INANE... AND THAT S JUST DESCRIBING THE WRITER. MATTHEW CHAPMAN.I want you to remember this name. Sear it into your memory. Because this guy should be arrested, 
Lame and corny. When I was a kid, this was one of my favorite movies. Now that twenty years have passed, all I can say is that it is so 
A poorly constructed nightmare. It has been a long time since I read the novel upon which this book is based, but I do clearly remember it making sense. This 
One of the worst band documentaries ever... I bought this DVD because I really adore the Strokes. Good music, good people, good style...not so good documentary. Whoever made this video 
A total mess - and not always in a good way. Richard Lester s Cuba was rushed into production with an unfinished script and more memorable for a troubled shoot 
dench out of her depth. Splendid actress Judi, but she s no Lady Macbeth. Judith Anderson got it right! McKellen wanders about helplessly  
weak, weak, weak... American Pie RIPOFF. I m actually really shocked that the reviews for this have been so good. I don t know... maybe when I was a teenager 
Bad porn. The setting of this film is in the late 70s, just before adult movie theatres were driven out of business by the invention of the VCR and the 
I ll be there... but not for long. There s a reason why they talk about the Voice of an Angel -- it s because Charlotte Church certainly doesn t 
Really Really Really Bad. Off-hand, I can t think of a worse movie. And I think Nicolas Cage has done some truly awesome work in other films--hey, he s making 
Sorry to say - boring, with 2-dimensional acting. I agree with the negative comments - I eventually stopped watching it - unconvincing acting - and a small point that I 
BORING. i practically fell asleep while watching this tape, the girl doing the exercises isn t even saying anything while she s doing it. It s a voice over! also 
How dare you cut these, Mr. Judge. Hey, I never expected the music videos. The VHS didn t have em, the recalled 2-disc set didn t have em, and the 
A few choice gems for Toby Stephens fans. As a movie per se, this one is incredibly stupid even by James Bond standards. But, those of us who have become 
Non-stop laughs!. This movie deserves no stars, but the two stars are for the hilarious story, silly acting and especially the extremely bad direction. If you watch it as a 
Preview it before you show it. I bought this for my SciFi class. We read Bram Stoker and the reward was supposed to be this film. It was like giving 
Review by Modern Apache Indian from Arizona. I agree with the analysis by Steven Hellerstedt. There are many inaccuracies in the movie. I am Apache Indian from San Carlos, AZ 
A Disappointment. First of all, I am a Joy Division and New Order fan; therefore, I tried to like this. Really, I did.Sadly, this film stinks. The focus is not 
Nothing but Matches. If you want to watch a bunch of the Undertakers best matches then this is a good DVD. If you want to learn anything of the history 
Absolute Terrible. Weak forced dialogue, silly overly thought plot, unsympathetic characters, and unfunny and you have Kiss Kiss Bang Bang. I saw a clip of Robert Downey accidentally audition for 
One Line Review. It s a wonder anyone in this tasteless comedy ever made another movie again...or won an Oscar...much less two  
waste of money. I bought these dvds two weeks ago, the cover looks shine, seem very attractive, elegant and professional, but they are just models for the marketing,they are not 
Sadistic. Creepy. Evil. This movie is the most frightening film I ve tried to watch with my [...] daughter. It is NOT suitable for very young children. I was rather 
not worth buying. I guess this dvd is okay for learning some basic movements, but her technique is off.  
Poor Shakespeare. If Shakespeare could come back to life and see what they made with his play Othello , he would remove Heaven and Earth crying out for justice. Be 
Brilliant... In a visual perspective, it s provocative, shocking, and highly disturbing to the point of it being too overwhelming for words...but overall, the movie creeped me out  
Pretty flat. The lead actors in this movie Jim Carrey and Renee Zellweger were pretty flat and unconvincing, namely in the lines where they are trying to sound empathetic and 
Stan & Ollie DESERVE MORE THAN THIS!!!. Avoid this cheapo release of these great film! subpar prints..certainly NOT from original 35mm elements..wait for the good one to come out down 
A Big Disappointment. When Pearl Harbor came out three years after Saving Private Ryan , I was hoping for a similar dramatic blockbuster that infused admirable and likable characters into 
I already have Casual Sex, so two-pack is problematic 4me2. I already have CASUAL SEX and sort of partially like it the movie that is , so that adds me 
DVD quality EXTREMELY poor. I had seen this movie before, so was familiar with the images, but the DVD I received apparently was defective. Ninety percent of the scenes were 
terrible Quality and unjustified compilation. Boot Hill has nothing to do with the other two Trinity movies really.Boot Hill is the last in a trilogy of Colizzi films starting with 
Jumbled. I wasn t expecting much from Pulse, and with such low expectations, I wasn t disappointed. It was everything a one- or two-star movie could hope to be.What I 
a dud. This film was not in english and very hard to follow. I threw it ou  
Wait. Not a good copy of this great movie. I d wait and buy the &quot;Restored Authorized Edition.&quot; Even though I bought this version, I ve ordered the other. That 
GLAD I READ THE REVIEWS FIRST!. The reviewer who called this a Disney bait & switch hit the nail right on the head! I, too, remember seeing all these episodes 
What a Dissapointment.............................. As Konyikoff said, Boring . It has nothing to do with book 3. Don t waste your time if you read the books  
The legend reworked... To be fair, the legends of Herakles, as they were originally written, have little to do with this movie, but maybe that s for the best. Having 
How the Steelers Stole the Superbowl. My problem with the 2005 season, was that the NFL did everything it s power to give the Indianoplis Colts a superbowl win. Event 
Noam Chomsky - Distorted Morality: America s War on Terror?. Could fall asleep easily. Reminds me of poly. sci. 101The Q & A session in the end is good.  
Skip this!. Terrible voice, depressing indoor scenery, incredibly disjointed routines. Don t bother with this one! Save your money  
Not Tomorrow ..... Today!!!. If you haven t already seen this one, do not wait until Tomorrow , do it today.This is one of the most delightful musicals of recent 
Direct to video potboiler re-tread that never should have been made. This direct to video sequel is actually more of a re-tread of the original 1998 guilty pleasure erotic thriller 
POOR QUALITY. THE SOUND IS BAD. I HAVE TRIED THIS DVD ON 2 DIFFERENT PLAYERS AND IT MADE NO DIFFERENCE  
The Credit may be Correct, but it s More Like the Original Book. While this film is credited as being a remake of Yojimbo , it is actually a lot 
Is it OK for child actors to portray sex scenes?. Like so many others, this movie struck a raw nerve with me regarding the graphic detail that was enacted by 
Anyone anything would have been better. Ok- so I can see there are some die-hard Julia Roberts fans out there. Too bad. Just raving about her will never improve her 
Way Over Rated !!. Wuthering Heights is very possibly my favorite book and this ,by far the WORST filming that I ve seen of it! They all speak in artificial 
A Big Waste Of Time!!!!. I loved the original movie, and I love Johnny Depp so I thought this movie would be awesome.Wrong wrong wrong!! First of all, the child 
Throw Your Metaphorical Tomatoes. I d be hard pressed to find one funny skit--no, one funny moment at all--in this DVD set. Mencia s drivel pretty much reminds me of 
Great movie - Grade Z transfer. I agree with the reviewer who said it s a lousy transfer. The product details above aren t correct....unless it s referring to another 
You re gonna hate me but i think Arnold suck. I would often rush to see all Arnold Schwarzenegger films, i adore his bad acting it must be the muscles 
Gypped with Glee. They very happily sold me a DVD that would not work in our region. I see that I am not the first to be cheated either.They would 
This just didn t do it for me. Maybe I loved the original one too much, but this version of the story did not work for me. I especially was 
plankton. the sponge who could flyplanktonboating schoolsudsmermaidman and barnacleboy IIthe chaperonebubble buddyyour shoe s untiedpre-hibernation wee  
Don t Waste Your Money. This was really bad. The dancing was cheesy and Kathy was cheesy. The moves don t seem to match the beat of the music and 
Don t Bother Buying this DVD. I purchased Dick Cavett s John Lennon and Yoko Ono interview and it was great. It was about an hour and a half of 
CHEESY PORN-O. This Video is VERY misleading !!I was hoping to have some fun and impress my husband with some new moves, what I got was a Cheesy Video showing 
Sucks. Where to start? The villian Two Face is wasted in a characterization that has virtually NOTHING to do with the comic equivalent he s not supposed to be colorful 
No, No, No!. This movie does not adress art in any way, shape, or form. Do not be fooled  
old news. This video is not new and is not representative of good documentary work on the history of special forces. This video is a poor compilation of footage of 
Bad Graphics, Stupid Theories, and Childish Names. When I first saw this movie, I thought it was pretty stupid. I m sure you all have your oppinions, but really, can 
AWFUL!. ok SO FIRST LETS GET ONE THING STRAIT THIS IS ONE OF THE WORST MOVIES EVER AND THATS ABOUT IT.ok so I really liked the book and i was 
Oh dear, oh dear. I hope for James Cahill s sake the guy on the cover never watches the movie. He doesn t look like the guy you would want 
passable sci-fi esque flick..rent it. this movie, i bought for 10 bucks after hearing various praises on how cool it is....and several ideas come up after watching this. first, the 
Good Movie - Horrible Recording. Artisan has released a horrible recording of a very good, sophisticated comedy that questions the values of marriage. The DVD I got from the start 
A film that you already seen before. Killing Me Softly has one of those scripts that just don t give the audience a break - not only does it set 
Filters won t allow what needs to be said here. After fifteen minutes I began to gag. Thirty minutes in I began to feel dizzy. Around the forty five minute 
this is a movie?. After watching this movie I wish an asteroid would hit Earth, or the movie studio that put it out. And what a lame 4th of July 
If you value your time... steer clear. This movie suffers from terminal SCS... Shaky Camera Syndrome, the latest thing nowadays to make a movie look cool. Not only does that 
Do yourself a favor, skip this dud. This is one party I m glad I wasn t invited to. Celebrity couple Joe novelist and now director and Sally Therrian actress 
I wish I could have seen it!. I was unable to view my DVD of Ballet Russes since the message on the screen said - not available in this area 
One of the worst movies I have ever seen. Saw this on the box last night. I sat through the whole thing just to see if it would improve - 
Disappointing. This movie s plot deals with a no-good wannabe rock star Jack Black, wildly overacting as usual suddenly and by mistake taking the job of substitute teacher at a 
Absolute nonsense Hollywood style. This is one of so many movies that is foolishly and blindly overrated. Citizen Kane is also on that list.It has some drama to it, but 
Save your money and take a walk. This video s only redeeming quality is its excellent pilates instruction. Like all Stott videos this one takes extra care to explain proper 
This DVD will not become worn out... This DVD will not become worn out - as least not at my house. The plot was tangled nearly beyond repair and it 
it s aiighht. The movies wasn t what I expected. I thought it would be more raw, instead, it was full of talk and interviews. If you are looking for 
Terrible. I collect werewolf movies and own over 15 of them. Darkwolf is by far the worst I own. Do not buy this movie.  
will carrie wind up with zhivago or stalin? oops, i must be mixing up my stories ... an insufferable view of life among a claque of ruskie girlfriends from the 
Reality would have been better than fiction. This movie turned me off with its focus on Nash s schizophrenia rather than his monumental achievements. Three-fourths of the movie turns out 
For fans of Miyazaki, NOT for fans of the book. I was very excited about this film as a fan of both the book and Ghibli Studios previous works. All 
Noah s Ark - Jon Voigt. This movie is not very realistic. The sets are great!, but the story is a Biblical SNAFU! They had the chance to embellish the 
Dumber than Dumb and Dumber. I have no idea why I watched this film recently or wanted to. Maybe its because I was interested in seeing Seann William Scott play 
Avoid like the plague!. This film is awful! It has got to be one of the worst remakes in recent memory. The acting is awful was Nicolas Cage short on 
Salvor Dail threw up and Andy Warhol filmed it. It has been a couple years since I ve seen this, and I can still honestly say that it s like 
A bit much. I was very excited to find this DVD. I saw the movie when it first came out in 1976. All I could remember were the scenes in 
this version is terrible!. This dvd version must have been a direct transfer from a video, or a bootleg by someone sitting in the theatre because the quality is absolutely 
Classic Style Council. There isn t a lot of Style Council product available domestically, especially on DVD, so it was with great anticipation that I ordered this disc...and I wasn 
Waste of time. I got this film because I m from Detroit where this takes place. It s a pretty typical revenge flick. Four brothers want to find their adoptive 
Disappointing. Unfortunately I have to express a degree of disappointment on this film released on DVD. Whilest I enjoyed the acting & storyline, I was extremely annoyed on the number 
Really a shame ... This is one of the worse cases of price-gouging I ve seen in quite a while.Personally, I LOVE the JLU tv show and I wouldn t 
Amazing movie, terrible remastering . This is a review of the Ultimate Collector s Edition, NOT a review of the film itself. If you re considering the purchase of a 
Data is a bad boy. Worf has a pimple. Grrr. When we last left the Next Generation crew, Picard saved Data in an Errol Flynn kind of way against the 
Full-Screen means LESS MOVIE. This really is a good film... so WHY in the world did they lop off the sides of it? It is time for a W I 
Bah humbug. This film offers none of the cheap thrills of a horror film, and has many flaws: a silly plot, cheap religious imagery Dracula is Judas, jeez louise , 
Not really that good. If you are a real fan of suspense,horror,scary movies,this film does not fit the bill. I found it too slow moving and not very interesting. Maybe 
it was ok....but the guys could ve been hotter.. I understand the low budget...stuff like that happens, but the voices didnt match. The mothers voice didnt seem real at all. 
Incredibly insipid. Hey, I like Doris Day -- I think she s underrated as an actress, and she is a very appealing personality. But when I recently saw some of 
Very average Italian crime polizia thriller. Superb opening to this movie with some excellent and brutal action scenes effects involving crime on the streets of Italy. One very memorable signature 
Shame on the band for putting this out. Undoubtedly the worst Best Of DVD ever made, even if someone gives this DVD as a gift you should punch that person 
Not so Scary for a Horror Movie. Rumpelstiltskin is a movie I recorded off of a paid channel years ago. I only recently sat down and rewatched it. This movie 
Ayn Rand deserves better. The reviewer keeps using the word controversial to describe Ayn Rand. Funny, no one uses that word to describe Karl Marx or Adolph Hilter. I suppose 
Scaience and spirit-the great questions. He told us what was wrong with current belief-what is the replacement and where is the scientific backing for his view  
What s Up with the Cover Photo!!???. Does anyone know why a scene of Toshiro Mifune as Musashi in Samurai Trilogy is on the cover of this DVD!?  
Redneck extravanganza on a ...Budget. This a dreadful example of what Jayne was reduced to play in to feed her children and compensate for the lack of earnings of her 
sum of all stars? zero!. Maybe no one noticed but towards the end of the movie when the Russian President and Jack Ryan are talking to each other through the 
achieves little, despite the great acting... this movie is dissapointing, albeit the great perfomances by both Garcia Bernal and Cecilia Roth. Cecilia Roth plays the role of a mentally unstable 
Basic 2003 . Director: John McTiernanCast: John Travolta, Connie Nielsen, Samuel L. Jackson, Timothy Daly, Giovanni Ribisi, Brian Van Holt, Taye Diggs, Dash Mihok, Christian de la Fuente, Roselyn Sanchez, 
All bummed out. I bought this DVD for my 3 year old who loves to dance. When the DVD arrived, I got him all pumped up to watch a dance 
Nothing But A Smear Job. No, Ayn Rand was not perfect, but this film is nothing but a smear job. If you want a better sense of what the woman 
my daughter gets bored. my daughter doesn t really like this one - she gets bore  
Snore. Don t let the cover fool you, this film isn t half as fun as you may hope it is. Maybe it s my own fault, but I was 
The Movie is Great, BUT the Buyer Beware!. I concur with most of what is written in the reviews below: This indeed is one of the greatest silents ever made; 
wiggly safari. It was not as engaging as the others. I figured since it had real animals, Steve Irwin and live-action scenes, it would be really good too. But the 
Watch it if you want a good laugh. I am a huge fan of BBC period drama and have nearly exhausted my library s supply of miniseries based on the 
From The Desk of John. Dear Quentin,How are things going, man? I heard about the new film with Uma. Sounds great.Did you see my newest film Lucky Numbers ? I 
Scewed and Slanted. They spend the first half of this movie saying how great the Ultimate Warrior was. The journey is awesome! Then all of the sudden, the paid WWE 
Pretty horrible. Granted, I saw this movie at about three in the morning at a party, but I think I had enough sense in me to realize how truly horrible 
Good music, lousy video. Don t know about anyone else, but the DVD I purchased had lousy video. The only good shots were of closeups and sometimes it took the 
oh God, why?!!!!. I remember this movie being really, really fun and great when I was 9. My wife wanted this for our video collection and I hate myself for 
Unsubstantial flash. It was very disappointing to see major actors, cinematographers, and editors doing a good job with decidedly sub-rate material. The film looks much, much better than its story. 
Would ve given it nil stars if I could ve... Dated, derivative, self-indulgent & unintelligent. This is truly bottom of the range stuff. The acting, directing, soundtrack and script are 
NOT THE REAL THING!. Except for Stacy Keach, this show was a complete bombI had bought the dvd at an auction....because when I was looking at the credits, Lindsay Bloom, 
Came on here to trash it, just to find out everyone else already has.... What more can I say here that hasn t already been said? This is a typical 
Very Poor Quality DVD. Love the movie, but the quality of the DVD put out by Alpha Video was so bad it was very difficult to watch. The sound was 
Philadelphia. Denzel Washington is probably my favorite actor. Even in that dog of a movie called THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE, he shone. Tom Hanks? Well, lemme quit hating the guy. This 
Hudsucker Stinks. What really bothered me about Hudsucker Proxy: Capitalism is the wonder of the world providing food and subsidence to everyone, even Communist slaves and Fascist toady s under 
Wasn t quite what I expected. I was looking for more baseball bloopers. Broken bats, bad catches, good catches over walls, charging the mound, kind of stuff.This video however started 
Great movie, LOUSY LOUSY transfer. This is one of Clint s best, but the transfer is awful. All dark scenes are grainy, highly pixellated. The daylight scenes fortunately the balance 
Stupidity. I ve never given one star to any type of produce before, but the stupidity of this DVD and its fans are shocking.So revealing! So true! If you didn 
Waste of time. I got this film because I m from Detroit where this takes place. It s a pretty typical revenge flick. Four brothers want to find their adoptive 
But we can be any self we want, can t we?. The Governess was, by far, a very pitiful film. I do not use this word loosely, as it honestly 
 Too many cooks spoil the broth . What a mess of the royal proportions - such a great cast Peter Sellers, David Niven, Orson Welles, Woody Allen, Ursula Andress, 
Bites the Dust. The only positive thing I can say about this movie is that it is nice looking. The cinematography, production design and of course the actors are all 
ORIGINAL IS BETTER~!. If you want UNCUT ORIGINAL version, ALWAYS look for ORIGINAL LICENSED Production. NOT US Release. Its a foreign film, it should not be US version to begin 
a badly scripted movie with some wrongly casted choice. gary grant s mother did not look a bit like his mother, more like his wife, the age difference simply non-exist! 
Misleading. I was hoping this product would be the latest work from Gilad. When I put it into the DVD player I realised it was not. This is some of 
The Ol Bait and Switch Scam. I am truely grateful for this feedback forum! One has to read very carefully to ascertain that this DVD only contains a FEW of 
The Big Lebowski. Not!!!. So shoot me! In this day and age I would thin that if some DVD said COLLECTOR S EDITION at the top it would have the 
Can I go lower than 1 star?. Dear Amazon, don t ever recommend ANY grateful dead to me ever! I consider it an insult to my undeniably good taste in 
Not recommended by us. Our daughter has weak muscles and I wanted some workout videos we could do as a family to supplement her physical therapy. I saw all the 
Low ranking but hold on. Gee, it was until I watched this movie when I became able to understand why some reviewers get so angry at some movies or novels. 
Disappointed. The documentary is not free of biased opinions. Obvious and politicized, does not say the ALL truth  
Corny, predictable, contrived, and deceptive in portraying New York. I love it!. First, let me say that by quality film standards this is a terrible movie, in many respects. I 
Only one star because I can t give it none. Michael Moore Hates America. This is evident in all of his movies and also proven when he goes oversees to 
Cuba, don t bother. I love movies, books and music...anything about Cuba and other caribbean cultures. This movie was awful! The acting is bad, the story is bad. Don t 
It is not what I thought it was. This is about other people talking about Richard Pryor with a fe clips of Pryor  
Out of Sync. To the point: for much better quality, buy the U.K. version. Not only is the picture clearer, but the synchronization between picture and sound is maintained to 
This doesn t even deserve one star. This movie has a record in my book: THE WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN! It starts out laughably funny, and goes on 
HORRIBLE WASTE OF TALENT!!!!. Where should I start...Anthony Quinn was incoherent and difficult to understand...someone put him out of his misery and have him retire already....Stalone...well the name speaks for 
Too much music, not enough caves. Two stars, because:- The music by The Moody Blues is intrusive. It s everywhere, all the time, telling you how to feel and what 
Its a heartbreaker. This extremely expurgated version sells for about a dollar a minute! So if you think a 15 minute estimate feature is worth the price, by all means, 
laughable kraft cheese single wrapped nicely in plastic. Sorry to say, but only the squares would find anything deep or revelatory in this movie, and that is a lot of 
Flesh Gordon. I enjoyed this movie. I orginially saw this move 30 years ago and it brought back some good memories from the seventies. I wouldn t really call it 
HBO s Sleight of Hand Doc. This documentary has the look and feel of THIS IS SPINAL TAP: the situations are absurd and the characters are ridiculous but there s 
streep! cage!! kaufman!!! somebody wake me up, ok?. i really dont like movies that are 2-hours-long in jokes, and that is what this felt like. ive never much liked nicolas 
Give me the OLD Nickelodeon. These new shows are mediocre at best. Nick made some quality shows 15-20 years ago. Put THESE on DVD and see what happens  
Almost unwatchable sci-fi turkey. This blatently derivative hat tip to Ridley Scott s Alien, with a hint of Stanley Donen s Saturn 3 thrown in movie should surely win the 
Legends Of The Dull. More predictable than an old TV Land episode of Bonanza and much less entertaining, this story of an anti-government rancher and his three sons, one the 
Annoying Lear. I didn t enjoy the film. I also didn t enjoy the original play by Shakespeare. King Lear is one of my least favorite Shakespeare plays. I don 
Noam Chomsky - Distorted Morality: America s War on Terror?. Could fall asleep easily. Reminds me of poly. sci. 101The Q & A session in the end is good.  
Lower the Camp Bar... Ashton Kutcher is to acting what Ed Wood was to directing....One difference was that Wood s movies were bad enough to make the camp category. Kutcher 
I Guess You Had to Be There. I am a fan of weird cult and experimental films but El Topo becomes tedious after a while. It was one of the 
Technical screwup makes this a disappointment. Do not under any circumstances buy this DVD. This could have been a very interesting and beautiful film. It s beautifully photographed. The choreography 
I haven t even seen it and I hate it already!. I just watched the original Vanishing Point again after having bought the DVD a few years ago. I remember 
Dreadful. When it comes to cheap productions, this awful little mess should rank near the top of the garbage heap. Script, acting, and production values are nil, and it appears 
Ummmm, OK. This movie had barely any cool 3-D sequences, was boring, and babyish. Juni gets zapped into a video game. The acting is pretty bad, and there is pretty 
Confusing...Vague....and disappointing!. Good cast, adaptation of King Lear. Don t bother unless you are really bored  
This is horrible!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I can t believe that people have the nerve to compare this to the oringal one with Chris Tucker or even the second. I watched this piece 
The years have not been kind ... I actually saw this movie when it first came out, and was so blown away by Robert Downey Jr s performance he was 
Wonderful,, exhilarating psychoanalytic comedy. Peter Sellers as well as Peter O Toole and all the beautiful women: Capucine, Romy Schneider, etc, make ot his movie an extraordinary satire of the 
Lack of blonde ambition!. I only gave this movie 2 stars because of its 2 stars: Mamie Van Doren and Jayne Mansfield. Without the presence of these 2 bombshells, the 
Nice...but not as good as the first. Some scenes are repeated from the first. It is not that bad thats all I can say.I think I over rated it with 
Cabaret. I went to a Community Center a few years ago and their rendition was great. This not so muc  
Please enter a title for your review. Obviously I knew going in that this movie wasn t going to offer anything more than light low-brow entertainment, but it falls below 
Too Trivial. I am very dissapointed in this game, it has low production values and honestly, you can t play it more than once. It reused several of the trivia 
No Rhythm Whatsoever. This film is an absolute piece of garbage, but according to the Academy, this was the finest film of 1951. I would rather watch Strangers on a 
A Waste of Time. This movie may look interesting, but it is incoherent and trivial. Not really worth watching  
Crappy. I wonder if they ll continue this to focus on the kid, the father, and the other people? Who really cares to be honest - such TRASH  
The novelty s worn off, and it s left as a former shell of itself. On Tuesday November 30, 1982 I had just come home from a scout meeting, and 
If I want to see a boring and pointless dream sequence I ll rewatch Dallas. Roger Ebert, a review I greatly respect and normally agree with, raved about this flick. 
This movie did not meet my expectations. I read another review that declared Balk as the warrior woman caught between these two different serial killers but after watching the movie 
DVD purchase. I am stationed in Iraq and recently purchased The Hunter Steve McQueen through Amazon and when I received it and went to play it, the disk started skipping. 
Disappointing... A beautifully shot movie plagued by a terrible script and bad acting. Russell Crowe shouldn t try the Hugh Grant shtick! The movie had all kinds of potential as 
 out of my mind for renting this Derk . Mr. Seagal passed his prime 6 movies ago but someone didn t tell him. With the weight gain and the 
Whip Me Til I m Dead- A Real Bore. I was expecting to see a decent film by Bava, but after having seen about 5 of his films, I can 
Don t buy it!!. The back cover advertises live performances of several songs. What you get is an hour-long interview &quot;set against&quot; a few seconds of songs here and there. 
TRUTH OR LIES?. One Star is evidently the required minimun. This documentory, in my opinion, distorts the facts and does so for policical purpose and personal agenda. If you are 
Disappointing. I guess my reaction to this film is a result of my expectation. I expected a documentary about animation, something about the end of traditional animation from the world 
Blade Trilogy Ending Deserves Better Than This !!. This movie smacks of sub-par quality. Unlike its two predecessors which are far superior, Blade III is plagued with a poor script, 
Does not work!. The DVD does not work in Ireland so it is absolutely useless!! I should have been made aware of this when I was purchasing the product. I 
Best Of? T ya, Right! -- Convincing? Hardly. This dvd purports to be the very best of this series, but it is anything but. First off, the first fifteen minutes 
am searching for the REAL BUDDHA Film. hi.. I watched Buddha film when i was a kid- I still remember the scene when he was born & get to walk 
What are you people talking about?. This movie represents a real change for Seagal. Fans will be shocked to learn that he plays an ex-CIA agent who is also a 
HILARIOUS!!. Regarding the intent of the American Idol competition, Simon Cowell has put it nicely and correctly on numerous occasions. He constantly reminds, This is a singing competition. Not a 
Making Love Scene Completely Cut. I saw this movie in the theater some almost 30 years ago with my then partner and I definately remember the Love Making scene being 
Black Bike Week. The DVD covers all of the bike week including cars, women, and bikes. You really dont hear the traffic sounds, or cars or people talking. The background 
Just another Bush slam of Kerry. I decided to rent this movie after having seen Farenheit 9-11 and compare the two. Comparing it to Farenheit 9-11 this movie is amazingly 
Propaganda: misleading cuts, smears, ad hominem attacks. This is the ultimate hatchet job, infused with politics and anti-globalization rants, and oversimplifying complex issues. The camera work often looks like it 
Like A Fart, In Movie Form. How the hell can you make a movie with talking monkeys totally suck? It should have been a slam dunk  
Show is great, but the DVD s are AWEFUL!!!!!! Is there a ZERO Stars?. WARNING ... Watch these discs as soon as you get them so you can return them 
this is so bad and so low. i just failed to finish it. i rejected it from my dvd player after tormented by this horrible taste movie about 30 minutes. 
just not really funny. If you aren t really into jokes about the difference between black white, sex, drugs and how bad gays are this is not for you.I had 
yawn........... Hi. Actually I didn t buy this movie, I watched it on Nickelodeon. And it s sooooooooooooooooooooooo boring. I almost fell asleep just watching it. I can t believe 
ANIMAL TORTURE DISGUISED AS FAMILY ENTERTAINMENT. If this were an animated film this would be passable entertainment, but it is not. It is real, and what are you watching is 
It s a disaster all right. I know this isn t considered a great or even good film, but because of my intense interest in the real disaster I have 
Bastardized!!. Mission:Impossible, the TV series, told the adventures of the Impossible Missions Force -- an elite team of covert operatives who were sent to overthrow mob kingpins, foreign dictators, terrorists 
Disturbing, but not good enough thriller. Tony Scott s film The Fan based on Peter Abrahams s novel of the same name is very disturbing to watch, and the camerawork 
Running Brave. Sadly I must agree with D. Dolan. The quality of the transfer to DVD is very poor. I would have rated this very fine film with a stellar 
Barberella Psychadela It s Not. The opening strip scene is reminiscent of Barbarella - too bad those aren t Basinger s legs though. Nerdy scientist falls for galactic beauty as 
People get blowed up...blowed up real good!. This film has its moments, though few. If any of you remember the yahoo film reviewers on the old SCTV comedy show, Big 
RE-RELEASE THESE!!!!. These are some of the greatest feats of art & animation ever produced during the start of Disney s legendary years. Along w Mickey Mouse in Color vol.1 
the worst vampires movie. Is a bad sequel and have a poor quality of special effects  
How old Is this character?. Cutting Edge took place at the 1992 Olimpics and Cutting Edge II takes place in the 2006 Olimpics. That is only fourteen years later. I 
WON T PLAY - ruining a great movie. Amazon should send all of these 25th Anniversary DVD s back to UNI, the faulty product locks up after about 1 1 
bad 80s ten movie. the acting is so bad in this horror film, prettey corney mov  
I expected better. When I watched this movie, I expected vivid and gripping presentation of Ayn Rand, a figure that fascinates me. I was stupified to see that it was 
Buzz Kill. The horror in horror movies generally comes from the threat of violence or death, and not from the deaths themselves. It s not nearly as scary to watch 
This version is a very bad remake of a very good film. Greetings to one and all. Just wanted you to know that if you are looking for a pretty 
Wreaking Havoc With My Sensibilities. What can I say about the truly inspired film Havoc that hasn t been said before? Barbara Kopple, an Academy Award winning documentarian, taking a 
What bible did they read?. This was a very unscriptural movie, and a very poor portrayal of King David. It was a waste of time. Professional production work and big 
Shallow characters, bizarre story. That s basically my two cents. Shallow characters, bizarre story. I am not the kind of person who usually watches romance films, but I do like 
Cliched story, inferior animation. We re deep into the formula now with computer animated films -- and Over The Hedge is one of the most tired of the bunch. Can 
It just never gathers steam. Sure, it s steamy, and the leads are sexy, but we never really get a chance to know or care about them, so their bad 
Roger Ebert WOULD love this movie. Come on, folks - it s 7 for a reason. I was so bored I almost cried. Why didn t they take the money 
Do We Really Need Movies Like This?. From the opening line of Bully in which Marty explicitly mentions oral sex I knew I wasn t going to like this film. 
Worst BE we own. My son, husband, and I really do not like this DVD because unlike other Baby Einstein DVDs this DVD is too focused on cheap looking computer 
Buyer Beware - Not What s Advertised. Don t know why my first note hasn t appeared, so I ll briefly restate. the claim-to-fame of this film is it s 
What a Rip Off !!!!. 40 or so minutes per disk of footage mainly taken from German TV. Experimental camera techniques have not dated well. Content is widely available elsewhere 
BEWARE! THIS DVD ISN T WIDESCREEN!. Dear Film Company Jackasses,Surely you know we already hate you for your greed - Why do you add insult to injury by taking fine 
Dolph Lundgren s version of Rambo . I think this was one of Dolph s better movies. It does a pretty good job of representing the factions in Angola. It 
Where s soccormania?. This dvd was released everywhere in the world with the rare tv special sports goofy in soccormania .A 30 min special. It was removed from the american 
Disappointing. The concept of a movie based on Miami Vice is such a good one, we had high expectations that just weren t met. We could not clearly hear most 
Crichton s Japan. This is the Jurassic Park mentality of dealing with xenophobia. You just treat the Japanese or any other foreigner with the same awe and fear that you 
NO LETTERBOX!. The idiots have struck again! Ruined a beautiful film by cutting it up to fit a tv screen..are they all insane?!!! If I hadn t opened it, I 
Total C rate movie, dont waste your money. The theme was good, thats where the good ended. The Acting was predictable and a very cut rate. It was too threatrical, 
don t be &quot;con&quot; vinced into watching this. To be honest with you I thought the movie was really bad. the acting was ok but the only good part about 
Interesting Premise Lost to Bad Execution. The only good thing about this film is the acting. Period. The plot spins out of control 15 minutes into the film. The script 
OK, but not as good as I expected. The main disappointment with this movie was the excessive number of shots of the cars zipping through empty roads as compared to 
Wasting space on my DVD shelf... I was recommended this movie by a friend here at college, and because he spoke so highly of it, I thought I would just 
Way too fast. This DVD is more about workout and less about yoga. Yoga has to be slow - you need to feel the stretches and have time to concentrate. 
it`s krista allen but no from dusk till down. ridicolous creatureattaks a bar full of strange characters.it starts out pretty good whith the introductions of the characters but goes own 
Special Effects are Just Cheezy. I can see that whoever made this, put a lot of time and money into it trying to make this a big successful production, however, 
 Fear as subtle entertainment . PLOT REVEALED An utterly worthless foray into English overbearance and haughtiness, this film marks Hitchcock as a worthy propagandist and architect of fear as 
A dumb lil animal Killed Ivan. What a dumb movie,that stupid little skunk killed Ivan.I said to Johannah Ivan got killed. And she says... No he did nt. But Carlita 
Not as titled. I bought this in the expectation that it would cover the People of the New World as they existed before Columbus. Instead, it was basically a recap 
Poor quality DVD. The movie is fine. The problem is the DVD. Poor color, sound and the images are not clear. It is though someone taped this show with their 
A Lot Like Meister Brau. To Meister Brau s credit, at least it used to be .25 a draw at O Shea s in Las Vegas. When you lost 99 
This is a sorry movie. This movie is not worth buying. It s horrific and full of graphic violence. Stallone shouldn t have made this movie. It stinks  
Seasick? You re Not The Only One!. I heard the terrible reviews for this movie, but I decided to give it a try, mostly because of Sandra Bullock and Jason 
Remake... no more. Film lovers know this movie is no more than the Hollywood version of the awarded Argentinan film Hombre mirando al sudeste Man facing southeast of 1986. The 
Where is Jermaine Jackson s music video?. This DVD is a waste.They should ve included Jermaine Jackson smusic video Closest Thing To Perfect.I read somewhere else online thatJamie Lee Curtis 
Way overpriced.......... A collection of way overpriced RW videos............that you can get in the bargin bins at Walmart for 5 each  
Not That Great. A number of people had told me that this was a very good war movie and one that should be viewed as soon as possible. Honestly, I 
not big on mixing musical with fantasy. I never saw this movie until i was 16. The girl i was dating at the time loved this movie. The rocky horror 
Truly sad. If you are looking for a touching and turbulent portrayal of the madness of artists in love, of a tempestuous relationship between two brilliant poets that destroyed one 
out of date. In it s prime this was probably a great opera and if you are interested in the early culture of our country it is a must see. 
Nice Scenery, but a disappointment. I was expecting a lot more from this film. Besides some spectacular views of the mountain, it left me feeling empty and wanting more. I 
I M QUITE DISSAPOINTED IN THIS MOVIE. A PRINCESS AND 8 SAMURAIS BATTLE THE HIKIMA CLAN. THE MOVIE HAS SOME GOOD SWORDFIGHTS, BUT THE MOVIE S ALSO TOO LONG, TOO 
Corny movie. I admit that I m a die-hard Johnny Depp fan, but this wasn t anywhere near one of his best. He IS adorable in the movie, but the 
Disappointing. I bought this for my 2yr old who has a speech delay. There were only 20 signs and more than a few were common signs that we already knew. 
DISAPPOINTED. This is one of our favorite movies.....but, when we sat down to enjoy it, the last 2 scene segments would not play. Very unsettling  
Junk in a Poolhall. Finally viewed this one after everyone hyped it. It was an okay movie, nothing exciting and certainly not worth the cult status it supposedly has. If 
Ok movie. The movie was ok, but kind of confusing at times and too long. The time travel was interesting, especially when the Bandits ended up on a sinking Titanic 
Absolutely incredible. I ve seen some bad made-for-kids stuff in my life, but this one is one of the all-time worst. There is absolutely nothing here except ugliness and noise. 
Disappointing. Normally I would say it is hard to go wrong watching a movie with either Samuel L. Jackson or Julianne Moore acting in them...I was wrong. Though they have 
Dissapointed. If these walls could talk was dissapointing. It was too disjointed for me to gat any real understanding of the message. I would not suggest any of my peers 
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ. Me and a female friend went and watched this one in the theater. I ... was ... bored ... out ... of ... my ... skull. After about a 
Weird. This has nothing to do with the book or movie...i just found it rather odd that the main character has my exact name. Im the real Jared Price...well not 
A step up but still not very good. The opening scenes were quite good and after ten or fifteen minutes, Flight of Fury seemed quite promising. Unfortunately, it didn t 
For your own safety, make sure you know where the emergency exits are at all times . I did not expect much from this comedy, I just wanted to have 
A Disaster. I m a huge fan of both Warren Oates and Sam Peckinpah, but I can admit that this film was a bust.It totally failed my expectations, based upon 
 boring and perverted . I recently became the unfortunate owner of The League of Gentlemen-The Complete Series .There is not really too much to say about itexcept that it 
DON T BOTHER. I loved What The Bleep? And I specifically wanted to learn more about creating your day .This video teaches NOTHING about how to create your day - 
Shooting for Hip, Hitting Pointless. Oliver Stone proves to be just as reliable as a social critic as he is a historian. PLATOON and BORN ON THE FOURTH OF JULY 
terrible customer service. this is day 10 now and im still waiting for my package!!!!!!amazon seems great but when something goes wrong they run like chickens!However.....LARRY BIRD IS THE MAN 
Quick Callanetics. At first I thought that the dvd I purchased did not have any sound. I had to put it on a certain setting to hear anything, which I 
Forgive the ending and forget the message. Forgive and Forget, directed by Aisling Walsh, is a story about David Steve John Sheperd a plaster mason who is in love with 
Stupid!. This was the dumbest movie I ve seen in a long time. Don t waste your money.  
Pitewww I spit on them too! They deserved it!. A novelist goes on a vacation to write a book,she gets raped by some town hicks..then it s on!I will admit 
Would ve given it nil stars if I could ve... Dated, derivative, self-indulgent & unintelligent. This is truly bottom of the range stuff. The acting, directing, soundtrack and script are 
Unplayable DVD s. ALL of these discs are such poor quality that they continually freeze in any DVD player. No wonder they re so cheap, you get what you pay 
Missing the rest of the films they did. I love Abbott & Costello movies but I was really dissapointed when I saw this set because it was missing the rest 
WHY IS THIS ON DVD instead of GREYSTOKE?. This film was lame, WHY ISN T GREYSTOKE ON DVD? The Greystoke film is far better than Tarzan and the Lost City, 
I too agree with Kenny. This is the most pointless show ever. Seeing baby s fart and dogs biting crotches and people degrading themselves by making themselves look like complete 
Meh ... I ve been there. I gave this 2 stars because I think Dominique Swan is right on - she was the most wonderful Lolita ever - and because 
The Sick, the Sicker, and the Dead. The film opens with three men arriving at a house. They draw their pistols and rush in. Shots are fired, and Tuco escapes. 
Worthless. Movies that show graphic child murder are worthless. I didn t bother finishing this one  
0 STARS: This is pure nonsense. We got Jason in space and we get Pinhead in space. This is pure nonsense. Words of wisdom to the makers of these sequels: 
 Required Viewing Propaganda. I know that I will be hated and labeled by the very people who demand love and respect from everyone else in the world to point 
Incompatability. I purchased the DVD from the U.S. to use in Australia and it is totally useless - no warning was given with regard to the different zones around the 
A poor rehash. I ve seen these scenes in so many different movies that I got bored andturned it off. It was just a poor copy of other good movies. 
This is funny?. Nope, it is not funny. Some people might not consider me qualified to review this, as I did not even finish watching it, but personally, I was 
The power of Amazon. It isn t exactly fair for me to have given this only one star as I haven t purchased this product, nor have I seen it. 
Zzzzzzzzzzzz. Let me just preface my review with the fact that some of my favorite movies are incredibly slow and even boring to my friends. So it isn t the 
Idiotic movie about really stupid people. Maybe the 1995 script was edgy and groundbreaking, but I doubt it. Since Vanilla Ice was in and out of the cultural eye 4 
Really bad Italian cheese. This is the worse cannibal film I have ever seen, the film was just terrible with some laughable and very bad acting and the film was 
A bad movie with some redeaming qualities. Ok so Claud was never a great actor and this was not his best work, Yes the martial arts are weak at best, 
Good info - Bad production. The information on this DVD is good but the actual production of the DVD is rubbish.The sound quality is very average and his voice seems 
0 STARS: THAT WAS SO LAME! LMFAO THAT WAS SO LAME!!. I will not give Candyman 3: Day of the Dead a serious analysis because it is so stupid and 
Heavily edited broadcast tv version. The 1983 thatrical release tells the true but much abridged story of Billy Mills, the Oglala Sioux who came from obscurity to win the 10,000 
not entertaining. First let me say that i am a composer and die hard musician. i just watched this movie to learn what i could about this supposed genius, and 
Lame. If you re into power yoga - that is, challenging flow and poses, this will dissapoint. I have Baron Baptiste and Brian Kest tapes and wanted a change. This 
Not bad, but... this in an uninspired telling of a transparent political fable. Good enough to watch once  
A Dolled-up Abridgement of the Book. I had read--with delight--the book called Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH to my grandsons, so I thought the movie would be a 
ORIGINAL IS BETTER~!. If you want UNCUT ORIGINAL version, ALWAYS look for ORIGINAL LICENSED Production. NOT US Release. Its a foreign film, it should not be US version to begin 
Former Martial Arts Sensei Geting Lazy. The Great One who is also a producer here takes up one of his worst films, namely sleep-inducing `The Foreigner, and he does the 
The ball has been dropped...again. It was an insult the first time around when Criterion didn t release this title in an optional 3D format. I was hopeful when the 
Lightweight. This film has been mentioned in the same breath as so called hood films such as Clockers and Menace 2 Society, I had heard it was set in a 
The Hillside Strangler should strangle everyone associated with this film!. A provocative and surprising thriller. Fangoria Yeah it is surprising, surprising-ly bad. It s also provocative, it provoked me to 
DON T BUY THIS DVD!!!. It s an understatement that many of us feel ripped off by WB s attempt to unfairly empty our wallets. If we refuse to buy 
Extremely disappointing. I love old school horror movies so I m obviously a big fan of Dario Argento. They simply don t make horror movies the way they used to 
Flyboys. What A Stinkbomb! A cross between a video game & high school play, what were they thinking? One blaring fault is that No One Smoked! How can you make 
Didn t Work for Me. I m a huge fan of Peter Sellers in the Pink Panther series. I have and repeatedly watch all 5. Wanting more of the same, 
Man - hate! Woman - love!. Nothing s okay, Westgate Penitentiary inmate Joe Collins Burt Lancaster says, I gotta get out. That s because the sadistic screws are keeping the 
Blood of Beasts. Well, let me first start by saying, if you re a Viking and you re coming to see this movie, stay on your long-ship and wait till 
didn t deliver. This movie is the sequel to caged woman but not as good. For a movie like this you would expect a reasonable amount of nudity etc.You will 
Depressing. Seeing what s become of the rock and roll legends I remember from when we were much younger, I found very depressing. I d rather remember them the way 
tedious and confusing. This movie really made no sense. First off, there is no haunting. Second, there s no witch. Third, if the incidents were caused by a poltergeist, i.e., 
Disappointed. I bought this DVD after watching Jessica Simpson s latest music video These boots are made for walkin . I thought her Reality Tour Live will have some catchy 
I tried, I really tried..... I ve been told by many people that this show was an American Monty Python. While it is slightly better than SNL Bob Odenkirk, the 
Look beneath the surface and you ll find Shyamalan s ego run amuck. This is the kind of film I typically enjoy, even if others consider it average at best. 
NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. This video left much to be desired. The dvd was cheaply made. I urge you NOT to buy this video!! This is 20 thrown out the 
Bad. I ve watched most of Segal s films, and I own several as well. But this film is one of the worst films I ve seen in the last 
Yet Another B-Action Starring Wesley Snipes: Dull and Disappointing. Wesley Snipes plays an undercover CIA agent in Romania. Pitted against this perpetually angry hero whose emotions are delivered with bland 
It didn t Die Hard enough, and the soft porn nude scenes are embarrassing. As bad as this is, and as horrible as Anna is in this junk the man 
Pretty stupid and obnoxious. Almost unbelievably bad, except I saw the remake of Shaft, which should have been a forewarning. This is like a comic book for filmgoers. No, not 
Children of the Corn II ~ Terence Knox. Children of the Corn II~ Terence Knox is a movie that starts out well and then implodes into utter garbage. The special 
Bad, just plain bad. Spoilers ahead:I am not hard to please when it comes to horror movies, and totally enjoy a good B flick. But I have to say that 
sum of all stars? zero!. Maybe no one noticed but towards the end of the movie when the Russian President and Jack Ryan are talking to each other through the 
Eh, Seen Better, Seen Worse. Not a whole heck of a lot happens in the 90 minute film in which a woman wanders through the streets of Paris as she 
an unusual and somewhat disturbing film. This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.Ratcatcher, Lynne Ramsay s first feature length film is a piece of art 
Don t waste your cash. I ve very disappointed with the game since I installed it yesterday. It looks nice but the FPS portion is VERY poorly done. You can 
Stupid, dumb , idiotic and vulgar!. This is the all-time WORST movie I ve ever seen! I can tbelieve how stupid it was! How some people think this is greatfilm 
Asian attempt at Troma type entertainment. I enjoy the genre of over the top gore comedy but this one didn t interest me. The story was very slow paced and 
Not what I expected. In a word this movie was disappointing. It s supposed to be about beautiful Spaniards having sex on a magnificent Mediterranean island. Well there wasn t 
Wow! Quite bad. This is like a crude disney movie with random bits of nudity.Why was this movie made  
Not too bad.However..... Well not to bad a deal.Most of the movies here aren t too bad The Inspector General,A Farewell to Arms,A Star is Born etc; and have basically 
A Disturbance It Was Made. If a suspense filmed was played in the woods, and it didn t actually contain any suspense, would a bear watch it?The previous sentence makes 
Not even worth illegally downloading!!!. Holy moley. This thing sucked rancid twinkies through a hot garden hose. Even if you could get past the editing, there s the lighting.Even if 
DON T BUY THIS DVD!!!. It s an understatement that many of us feel ripped off by WB s attempt to unfairly empty our wallets. If we refuse to buy 
W.T.F?. This movie does not make sense. And it s not weird in the style of David Lynch, it s just complete crap. I thought Willie Wonka and The Chocolate 
A watery, passive, poorly cast, revisionist production. Filming the story of Gloriana is a virtual guarantee of success for a production studio, from Warner Brothers to BBC. The Virgin Queen 
Like, Almost Totally Gross!. Although Valley Girl came out when I was a teenager, it somehow eluded me until now. I bought it because of the favorable reviews, and of 
not big on mixing musical with fantasy. I never saw this movie until i was 16. The girl i was dating at the time loved this movie. The rocky horror 
A few chuckles, but not too good. I found this to be a absurd movie. It just has alot of things in it that are just too far-fetched, and the 
Disappointing. There are two things wrong with this DVD. The first is that this program is a roast of a man who is known for his rants not bantor so 
 Who would want to kill the sweetest woman in the world? . I knew I was in trouble with FOUR BROTHERS when I saw that Josh Howard of SPORTS 
average film. though there are some moments this film is pretty predictable in spots. I just happen to catch it on the other night.there were some laughs here&there  
Pretty much groan inducing.... -Not a great one here, entertaining for all the wrong reasons, mainly because the film is so bad, so often.-It is nice to see Christina Ricci 
Over priced. Way too expensive for a low quality product. The clarity of the picture is poor. There is not enough content to justify the price. I don t recommend 
And you thought reading the book in high school was a killer. Just try sitting through this humdrum, humorless, dramaless lash-up. It is a far, far better thing to rent 
Bad enough to make Dali s Mustache curl!. This has to be the worst artist DVD VHS I ve ever seen, whereas the Franz Kline vhs was choppy,short and lacking 
Dropping the ball. I m not sure who was in charge of putting this dvd set together but I think they definately dropped the ball in the production of this 
Revolting. This movie is very difficult to watch after awhile. Its about a psycho boss but its not funny at all. I didn t laugh through any of the movie. 
A silly police drama. The story is so unrealistic that its off putting. A serial killer is loose. So the police call in a psychologist to examine the suspect. From 
Truth, Justice = deadbeat dad & peeping tom?. There are two main reasons why this Superman film fails to fly inspite of the special effects.What Singer and company have missed 
What a disappointment!. I have to say that of all the GGW videos I own 45-50 , this is the most disappointing since that Snoop Dogg garbage from a couple 
Spike Lee Disjointed: Too Many Ideas in One Film. Whatever the film s real message or satire behind this messy collection of ideas may be, `She Hate Me is definitely 
Melvin should have another serving of paste. Directors, actors, and all others associated with the film industry make a real effort to be cerebral. It s understandable, as it s 
2.5; I can make a joke about the title but nah. It would be so easy to suggest a main title for the review in an obvious word play of 
Rubbish. This is one of the worst films I ever saw. If it has a story line, it seems to be that human beings are always worthless and untrustworthy. It 
Bad.... everything really. I have to admit I could only sit through this movie for about 45 minutes before I had to shut it off. It was that bad.First of 
the impostors. It was terrible! Lili played a good part of course. But the rest was just plain stupid  
I liked Intolerance better... Ugggh! On top of being dated and boring, this movie is so RACIST! Intolerance wasn t so fun either, but I liked it s theme better. 
Very disturbing movie. With out a doubt, this has to be one of the darkest movies ever made. Once you get past the woodland creatures things, that were very well 
Very Disappointing. I am notorious for liking bad natural disaster movies... but this is awful, even for me. The effects were awful the opening sequence is just ridiculous , the 
Only for hardcore Dimebag fans who dont care about quality. I was lucky enough to pay 2.99 for this at my local used CD shoppe. It was worth the 2.99 
Vietnam? I don t think so. Stone attempts to bring authenticity to Platoon by focusing on portraying the American GI in Vietnam as insubordinate, drug-abusing, murdering, etc. while painting the 
No Nuance. This is a production totally without nuance and its owes that to the bellowing of Ian Holm. Holm as Lear bellows at the beginning. he bellows in the 
Great movie but DVD had technical problems. This movie had some strange problems at the menu level and at the end of the playback. Sometimes there was a dark screen 
Not Really An Apt Title. I remember managing to find a drive-in that was showing the first run ECEG; and I remember my girlfriend not saying a word while we 
Rip-Off! Stop Selling!. While the real version of this movie, as shown on Cinemax and as sold in VHS, is about 90 minutes long, this DVD is only 71 minutes 
One of the worst movies I have ever seen. This entire movie could have run in only 20 minutes and you wouldn t miss anything and might even enjoy it. 
A real no-brainer: this movie s pretty bad. I guess you really have to be into B movies in order to appreciate this sort of a production, because I found 
They have certainly got some explaining to do. Parents and children who loved the other Leap Frog DVDs about letters, words and reading will find this one disappointing.Advertised as beginning 
Judge yourself first. The concept of this movie looked interesting but as the story unfolded The Girl in the Cafe turned out to be a left-wing political message. I wonder 
Stooopid movie. I can t help by not like anything about this movie. The actors seem to be as uninterested in making the movie as I was in watching it. 
Very boring with walk-ons by fmaous people. This movie is very mildly amusing for about ten minutes. Yes, it is slightly interesting to see the Cannes environment, but not enough 
SEXUALLY EXPLICIT BUT BLAND. Pushing the envelope for explicit, over the counter home videos, 9 SONGS Tartan is about one year of sex and rock n roll in the life 
Musical disaster.. Like many others I was thrilled when I ordered this DVD and received it.2 all time legendary funksters back together again funkin !The minute I put this DVD 
The original walt disney is always the best. I was diappointed in this european version of pinnochio. It was poorly done; story line and all. I ll stick with an 
So realistic it s uncomfortable. This is the sad story of a divorce and it s aftermath. Jeff Daniels plays another jerk who turns his sons against their mother while 
A bomb. I don t know how anyone in this era can support a film like this. I never saw the original or its sequels, fearing the films would be 
Michael Moore is Dishonest and Misleading. Michael Moore s series is just another attempt to create inflammatory sentiment towards conservatives because of his left-wing liberal beliefs. I do believe that 
To bad... Not my cup a tea. Poor sound and average picture. Just for Excalibur freaks...?!  
Don t Blame the Writer. I actually got to read the original screenplay of THE FLATLINERS just after the deal was made to make the movie. I read it and 
i m sorry, but.... ...i have Denise Austin s Shrink Your Female Fat Zones DVD and I LOVE LOVE it, so I decided to pick this one up. I am 
1 1 2 stars. Most films don t deserve a true one star rating. You have to consider that movies are a result of hard work and at least some 
The Sittaford Mystery. I have been an ardent fan of Agatha Christie and Jane Marple for 40 years or more but if this had been the first Christie movie I 
BAD!. this is NOT a good movie! Bad acting, story, and picture! I was hoping this would be the first anime of the 8man After dvd I had but Alass 
i am pissed... not only because this movie sucks so badly, but because i actually bought the thing. A suggestion: get the ORIGINAL Maximum Overdrive, based off the same Stephen 
Interesting tracks but poor audio quality. The tracks are interesting, however the audio quality is rather poor compared to Tiesto s released CDs . The camera flies around in all 
Returned it to the store!!. This video DVD lacks the content it claims it has. It only covers 5 or so letters, and does not focus on the sounds. It 
A sorry followup to a screen classic. This is a truly unfunny followup to the classic Arthur. Arthur and Linda are married, unfortunately not happily married. They want to adopt 
Ridiculous. Dull, dull, dull.If I could have submitted a review and given ZERO stars I would have.Pointless  
lame and cheesy. I purchased this because I liked Trouble with Angels and Pollyanna, the Chalk Garden and even Parent Trap. I had never heard of this movie and in 
Good supporting cast, lead man is lost. Other reviewers who detail the silly political-correctness and faux-politics are right... This is Clancy-for-dummies. Ford s Jack Ryan was sometimes a step behind, 
Warning: Clip Job - Search out the Original. The other user comments are technically correct. The film is great... in its original version. &quot;Deadly China Hero,&quot; however, is a clipped 
Balance, please!. Books and DVDs on both sides of The Da Vinci Code have presented only representatives that support the viewpoint of the one producing the book or DVD. That 
embarrassing. Seldom has so much talent and MONEY! been wasted on such unentertaining silliness.Robin Williams, Dustin Hoffman, Maggie Smith, Julia Roberts, Bob Hoskins--it is painful to watch them cope with 
HORRIFIC. This is a movie so transparent, so pandering, so homophobic, so simplistic, so cynical it is really only for someone who finds re-runs of The Jerry Springer Show too 
messed with the original VHS release, made it worse. Loren Michels ruins most things he touches. they left out the Hot Tub sketch, where eddie play s as the late, 
Forgettable & disappointing & dumb. Young queer skyrocketing out of the closet develops an infatuation for a stupid loser druggie boy-whore, with predictable and stupid consequences. Both boys receive serious 
Great Viewing!. Even if you are not a big sci-fi fan, you will still enjoy Dark Angel-The Complete First Season. Besides having an impressive plot concept, the first season of 
neither happy nor good, and likely to give kids nightmares. What a disaster. Stay away from this film. I was so disappointed--how could this have won the Academy Award?! The 
Terrible Beyond Imagination. With the phenomenal success of The Poseidon Adventure , the first disaster movie of its kind, the sequel was sure to be a hit. Not so. A 
Bad Language. I like Sam Elliott movies very much. This one was BAD!!! A lot of Bad Language. Every couple of words. It should be rated R. I think instead 
Great in theory....horrible in execution. They had a great idea with this film despite clearly borrowing the concept from Hostel ...a group of stranded tourists in Brazil are drugged and 
Almost, but not quite. As a fan of the Coen brothers I was very disappointed by this film because it was almost good. The snappy and perfectly timed dialogue they 
Good DVD, too bad its made horribly. I wish there was some way to know how many of these DVD s are defected. I had the same problem as the 
Don t buy this one even 1 star is to much. This dvd is only for people who never heard of Rock n Roll. It s a shame that Michael 
Five Years Later, Still Not Happy with Disney s Release Policies. As I write this review, it was 5 years ago this very day that the Walt Disney Co. released 
childish fight. It is a bit strange to watch all this fight against Dan Brown s book. What is for? Millions people who like the Da Vinci Code book usually 
great films, Ruibbish transfer. I saw this dvd and thought it was a bargain .... Was I wrong. It contains 3 great films all spoilt by the worst transfer I 
The Great Disappointment Collection. After waiting so long to see some of these great films in widescreen DVD, it is a major disappointment to see the quality of the transfers 
The original versions are 4x3 letterboxed... The original versions are 4x3 letterboxed...For anyone with an HDTV or widescreen regular TV, these DVDs are a major disappointment. The original versions are 
What a dud... Sorry, I know I am in the minority for this film but it just didn t make me think romantic and I didn t like the story. 
Why do they always have to make a sequel????. You know, I actually enjoyed the first Mummy. It was funny, the idea, not often seen in modern films, was good, 
Worst Lesbian Film of the Decade. Not only was the dialogue of the film trite and the plot much like a pornographic after school special, but the movie unfortunately reinforces 
Of Course It Is Not a Sequel; It s a Remake, and Pretty Bad and Unnecessary One. So Sony did it again. This time it is `Single White Female 2. 
the okay movie. Not the best movie we ve seen but okay. I think that it was cheap made. I must say that this was the most borring movie even 
Collateral. It s amazing just how quickly I decided this movie really sucks. A music video without the music! For the USA Today, MTV, no attention span generation! With exclamation 
Comments about this DVD. Although I truly enjoy Louie Prima s music, this DVD does not due him justice. The sound and picture quality is poor.The performances are old and 
A remake of a classic is no classic. What can I say about this film that is good? The acting is very shallow. The movie was cheesy and very very 
I ll be brutal. This DVD has 6 movies;Vampire SistersNightVampire HunterStrange Things Happen at SundownLifebloodandBarely Legal Lesbian Vampires.Night was okay. It s low budget but done well. It s rather 
Journey Toward Creation. I read all of the reviews presented and purchased the video based on those reviews. Unfortunately, I must say that our family was very disappointed with the 
well made and stylish . . . But for me at least, I found it rather hard to root for Mel Gibson s character, given the fact that he was 
Corny, Predictable, Blah..... Don t bother with this unfunny, predictable, boring, pedestrian, fingerpainted drivel. The piggy stole the show  
NOT a good representation of Homer. I teach The Odyssey, and let me tell you, this movie does NOT reflect the book well, if you re watching it for testing 
Imperfect by a Mile. This is a godawful movie, a waste of several million bucks by Universal and whoever else was responsible. They could have paid my salary for my 
Extremely slow... Utterly horrible movie. I honestly can t believe that Robert Patrick wasted his time on this piece of [junk] movie. Ugh! One of the worst movies I ve 
Jimmie Hendrix deserve so much better than this. I m not much of Hendrix fan but after watching this film last night I think he would of been extremely disappointed. 
Stinks to high heaven !!!!!. This so called director should be sued. As a 30 something who loved the original every friday night from season 1 through 4 before Coy 
Blech...Horrible!. What a disaster! This movie is a complete waste of time from start to finish. The animation is ugly, horrible, and unrealistic and the three stories are bland and 
Skewed Perspectives, great if you are determined to hate Wal-Mart. I watched this movie with no particular bias about Wal-Mart. I understand this movie is made in the same way 
A collosal failure of a flick. Pearl Harbor...December 7th...a date which will live in infamy. This film took on a subject near and dear to the hearts of Americans everywhere, 
why not a contender. The script for this flick is great. So the flick has its moments. It could ve been a real solid film.What went wrong? First, casting. Eugene 
Not worth the money. Im a HUGE anime fan, but i could have done without this one in my collection. Although Full metal panic had its moments of suspense and 
Insufferable. I know, I know - Elaine Stritch is a legend - she makes sure you know it, believe me... Maybe I m the only one in the universe who 
Worst salsa video around - why can t I rate it 0?. I ve been dancing Salsa for more than 2 years and had a look at several videos. This 
Horrible. Hard as it is to do, this film manages to make Jet Li look very, very bad. I kept having Karate Kid flashbacks! The story is the same old, 
GREAT MUSICAL. TODAYS MUSICALS, SOMEHOW, AREN T EQUAL TO THOSE OF YEARS GONE BY. A GOOD STORY TO GO WITH THE MUSIC  
WHAT THE & !!!. Is this supposed to be star wars related all this is a movie were we watch C-3PO suffer R2-D2 bleep like ozzy ozborne it has nothing 
Boring. I saw this DVD and I thought it was boring. I also noticed that there were no black or hispanic suicide girls. There was one black girl and she 
Dumb and not entertainingly dumb either. Ugh! SWAT is a miserable film. I remember when I was a kid and I d play at Cops and Robbers with other kids. 
Planet of the Numb skulls. How could a great director like Tim Burton take a concept that is slam dunk good and change it so much as to kill it 
Campy Horror Film Falls Flat. Even though originally titled, Andy Warhol s Dracula , this film had very little to do with Andy Warhol. Udo Kier plays a count visitng 
Great Classic Needs New Transfer Badly. There is no reason to wait any longer for a better transfer of this classic. There was a Japanese laserdisc release fifteen years ago 
yeah yeah yeah. I lasted 10 minutes. At times, I believe Hunter S. Thompson was able to write. This was not one of those times. His gonzo humor was just 
Ramtha Who???. You know it s interesting, when you open the Ramtha web site of the School of Wisdom , one finds a high school essay in NeoPlatonic Metaphysics and 
A Two-hour Unfunny Comedy. Don t get me wrong. I love Bill Murray and I m so happy to see him get the critical attention he s deserved.But these Wes 
ICE BURG VICTIM OF GLOBAL WARMING:- . THIS FILM HAD POTENTIAL TO DELIVER BUT IT IS NOT WORTH BUYING. RENT OR BUY FOR MY TWO .02 CENTS  
its time to duel yugioh way better then pokemon. ok this show sucks its ben on ever since i was 5 or was it 4 i cant remember but now 
0 STARS: And this movie really, really, really deserves 0 stars!!. An American Werewolf in Paris is quite possibly one of the worst movies I have ever observed. Don t 
Was this movie made for the Lifetime channel?. If Lifetime switched from showing crappy dramas about wronged women to showing crappy horror flicks about wronged women this would one of 
Stupid pack peaple. First of allA. Packs are idiots disguised for money.B. this is no goody, the two movies are bad.The cat says Son of b in this movie.something everyone 
painful. George Clooney and Quentin Tarantino have got to be two of the worst actors of all time. It s sheer agony to watch these nerds pretend to be macho 
It s even worst than the 4th installment..if that s even possible. There s not much to say about Return of the Living Dead 5: Rave to the Grave other 
Avoid this movie-!. This has got to be the worst film version of an Austin story I ve ever seen. The plot is only tenuously connected with the book; as 
Could have been worse, but not much. warning spoilersWhat an awful adaptation. The worst part was the music. Saxophone muzak and synthesizers playing in a story set in the early 
boring and very disturbing. mustic river is the worst eastwood movie ever well the acting is very good over all but the movie is very boring long and very disturbing 
So politically correct it sucks!. I can t believe they named me after that book--it s so sexist! After Amelie, where she was a delight, as well as open-minded, AT 
Buy this if you want to laugh. This is the funniest thing I have ever watched. Clever, articulate, and not just a little vulgar; Kevin Smith makes you feel like 
My 2 1 2 year old and I are very disappointed. He finds the George video boring - this is not a child who watches videos or TV regularly, so 
Print is utter crap. First off...be aware. Even though it isn t stated anywhere explicitly on the page, this item is PAN & SCAN. That s what an aspect ratio 
By far... The worst movie ever made. I actually sat through the whole thing hoping it would get better. The acting was beyond awful, the story was a joke. I 
NO HEAT IN THIS ONE. Hampered by sophomoric special effects, a limp script and an uninspired cast, COMBUSTION is a disappointment. Joe Lando Dr. Quinn stars as a city engineer 
HIghly Akward. To begin, I am relieved that neither Spike nor Joie are in front of the camera like usual. I will give him one star for his creativity. He 
A movie of epic terror... for anyone forced to watch it. Seldom is a film so bad that I waste my time reviewing it, but this action fiasco is simply 
Absolute zero. One of the worst films ever made. Classic stupidity of horror movies. Dead people that have become alive again. I would give it a rating of 0 10. 
Give the film a break - it is what it is... This movie was never intended to be a horror scary movie. The filmmakers CLEARLY meant for it to be 
America s Retardest Home Videos!. Wow this show sucks. Bewtween the god damn overdone unfunny falling down videos hard to think something like that is funny to Bob Faggot Bob 
My First Impression - Waste of money. Would like let you know that my below review is after listening to it only once. So if you have heard real good 
Weak film, weaker print. This is a quite corny adventure film, one of the least significant movies Hitchcock ever made. It deserves the two stars by Maltin. Yes, Charles Laughton 
TRUTH. this film was funded by the centeral intelligence agency in the 1950s and was maipulated to suit the need of a capitalistic propoganda machin  
this movie is cheesy. come on king kong is a guy in a gorilla suit you can tell its fake 1933 king kong is way cooler and more specail effects 
The Police - Everyone Stares: The Police Inside Out. Fantastic!!! As told by one of the finest drummers in the world. A first hand account of the hardships of starting 
really really bad. This movie is so bad. It is just about a annoying valley girl blonde who is rich and has tons of friends and who has no real 
Showgirls - Disc problems. I enjoyed the movie even though I was only able to watch it in segments. The first time I tried to watch it, after about 20 
not very good at all, i don t recommend. i got this because i have recently started a weight loss program and wanted to expand on my fitness DVD library. 
Not worth the time and money... Overall a bad buy! Horrible DVD mastering with menus that never fully load and buttons that don t work. The movie has a couple 
Tedium. Notwithstanding the fact that the acing in the movie is actually quite good, the screenplay is so tedious I actually fell asleep in the middle of the afternoon while 
Fairy tale Mob. I have no idea what these other reviewers saw but it wasn t the same movie I have. This movie in no way represents the life of 
Awful. The depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned. From the moment they reached King Kong s island the movie quickly spiraled to 
Criterion now giving credit to Welles poor old excuses. The Criterion Collection, a continuing series of important classic and contemporary films, is dedicated to gathering the greatest films from around 
 Date Movie Has It All--Oh Yeah, Except For An Actual Movie. This movie is almost too easy a target, and I don t want to spend much time on 
One is too much. Being bored and offended at the same time is hard to manage - but this film manages. It is lacking in story lines and acting and 
not his worst, but pretty close... While I was tempted to give Out for a Kill 1 star, I gave it 2 stars for a couple of reasons. At least 
Chapelle Show minus Chapelle. I gave this DVD a chance being a big fan of not only the show but Dave Chapelle in general. The skits on this disk were 
Gilmore Girls fans beware!. this season gets WAY too soap opera for my family s taste, but maybe thats just us. I just wish they had kept it simpler like 
Deceptive Title. Walk the Walk is not walking at all as much as it is dancing and unless you are able to and like to do dance steps, I strongly 
fun, but absolutely pointless... I was a fan of House the first of the series and so purchased the combo DVD set of House and House 2. I watched both 
stupid. I love Vincent Price and have many of his movies but this one I wish I had not bought. It is really stupid. It was one of his later 
Great to Learn about Yuppies. I should have known this movie would be terrible because it stars Matthew McConaughey. McConaughey plays one thing well - the smarmy yuppie. Having grown 
A not-so-scary, mediocre film!. I was disappointed, after reading several reviews that implied this is a scary movie that has been overlooked by the general public. I m a fan 
Too scary. My daughter is almost 5. The villan in this movie, which looks a lot like the grim reaper, is so scary that my daughter started shaking and them 
Don t buy this version. Buy one of the other versions with special features. This is the older, first-generation DVD with NO features. Nothing. Plus, this is a flipper disc!A 
sticky sweet. Interesting premise, gets bogged down in complete fantasy. Not even believable for what it is. Second half of the movie is out right ludicrous, with stale pollyannish dialogue. 
Great in music... Very poor in perfomances. I don t understand what the people in charge of producing The Wiz as a film, could get by joining the former BIG 
MEXICANS DON T KNOW HOW TO END A FILM. unfortunately this happens time and time again: mexican filmmakers hook you with an interesting premise, but then they don;t know where 
Under the sea. This movie makes for some bizarre early morning viewing.Dean Cain stars as a marshal investigating minsers suicides in the Marianas Trench,mourning his wife s death,and battling baddies 
Where is the button for -0- stars?!. Thinly veiled attempt to push politically correctness down the throats of our children, sacrificing the faith and beliefs of their elders in the 
Still a rookie. Richard Pryor is my all-time favorite stand-up comedian. I consider him the best in the business. But his performance in &quot;Live and Smokin&quot; shows he s still 
If you care about The BOYS get the UK set. It is a shame that American film classics like L and H get more attention and love outside of the 
Chloe in the Afternoon. The lackluster direction of Rohmer doesn t match the intensity of the themes involved. It s like he s trying to imply a movie instead of 
altered. i love this movie, however, for some reason, someone has decided to edit all of the romantic scenes, brief nudity, etc. from the dvd version. if that isn t 
I want a refund!. I wouldn t recommended this workout DVD to anyone! There was way too much chit-chat and it was very difficult to follow the three instructors. I 
Too hard for real beginners. I m sure this is a great tape for yoga enthusiasts, but it s way too hard for real beginners. I do aerobic exercise for 
CHEAP BAD PREQUEL. I only give it 2 stars for the shower scene with the Twins. Really bad acting and plot that makes little sense. Trying to be like the 
Amateurish rubbish. This complete waste of 90 minutes is probably the strongest contender ever for a lone-star movie. With cringingly awful acting, laughable special effects the ridiculous head in a 
Naughty but clever. Yes. Wild things is what I recommend for our jaded eyes. Aren t we sick of all the crowd pleasing PG-13 shows which are neither sexy or 
Far from Eisenstein s finest hour. Alexander Nevsky may be an Eisenstein film, but that doesn t make it any less cheesy. In fact, it makes some of those Italian 
Cartoon film for adults. Contains scenes of male and female nudity, foul language, drug use, sexual situations. Rated R .You may have seen some commercials like this.Like the film, Waking 
you ve got to be kidding me. Sorry but this may be the worst mob film ever. As far as I m concerned the actors did not give the film 
Stay Away from this one. This dvd is absolutely horrible. It just is kind of ridiculous. Do you really want to purchase a movie where Woodrow Call, played by Robert 
Cate, oh my............... To borrow from a previous reviewer: A movie to kill an evening with if you have one that really needs murdering.  
There is only one reason to watch this event... This was probably the worst Royal Rumble in history. It featured three very bad matches, one decent one, a lousy Royal 
Rating is for the studio s botched work. Maybe they think that, by butchering widescreen formats, it will help to fight piracy although I m sure some nerds will like 
Bride of the Wind. A great movie, about a great women, who inspired 4 men into their own greatness  
Clinical. The erotic content was on the level of jerking off into a test tube - never thought I d find the sight of a woman masturbating so uninteresting  
Very Poor Quality DVD. Love the movie, but the quality of the DVD put out by Alpha Video was so bad it was very difficult to watch. The sound was 
Lame with a capital L!. My god. This was the most idiotic horror film since Blair Witch. All the character were utterly retarded. They had plenty of chances to escape 
choose your own adventures. Bizarre atempt at merging the Choose your own adventure style of books with an interactive DVD. The end result is mixed. With four possible endings you 
He doesn t lie to me. Domestic Disturbance is a typical Hollywood film. The story, characters, and even the camerawork all seem prefabricated and recycled. The language that Travolta and 
Great idea, poor implementation. I thought the concept for this dvd was great- choose a different workout every day, really work on toning the parts of the body I wanted 
Don t waste your time. I do not recomend this movie. It is very slow and boring. If you want to see Helen Mirren s best work, rent Calandar Girls. 
A totally boring movie. I terribly disappointed by this movie. It bears some resemblance to The Bone Collector and Silence Of The Lamb, but has none of the suspense, mystery, 
Thaks a lot... I have not seen this movie, but thanks to the review of A viewer from July 2001, I don t have to  
Crocodile 2. I happened to catch this one night on the Sci-Fi channel. I can honestly say that this is the worst movie I ve seen all year. You have 
To be and to have DVD. Unfortunately the DVD I received was a region 1 DVD, and could not be played i Denmark, which I informed you about, and after 
The Princess Trash. When I first saw the film, I liked it. I didn t love it or anything, but I found it vaguely enjoyable. Then I found out there 
WHAT ABOUT THE REAL VICTIMS?!. I HATE HEARING THIS HYPE OVER STANLEY WILLIAMS! THIS MOVIE PROTRAYS HIM AS A CHANGED MAN, BUT THAT IS IMPOSSIBLE. WILLIAMS HAS NEVER ADMITTED WHAT 
sickening. My daughter was shown this movie in her public school classroom several times while she was in grade school. It wasn t until years later that I saw it, 
Not family television... The rest of the season, might be ok to watch as a family, but NOT the pilot. What is the deal with Hollywood ruining a perfectly good 
Had To Return. I was rather disappointed because this DVD would not play on my DVD player. The way it was recorded could not be read. I am searching for 
Same ol s . This movie has its moments. Unlike most action flicks that tend to boast more action than a watered down story. This actually has a story worth 
Major disappointment. Fascinating video but, sadly, TERRIBLE PRODUCTION QUALITY IN MAKING THE DVD. I bought two and both were scratched and damaged and wouldn t play properly. Returned them for 
Fantasy, not to be confused with facts. This telplay is supposedly based on the possibility of an asteroid hitting the earth. That possibility is real, and many people take the 
Too Generic. This would have been a much better film had it been edited to 60 minutes. The first 45 minutes could be cut from the film with no loss 
Seinfeld - behind the scenes. This portrays to be a behind the scenes view of several comedians lives showing the ups and downs of the occupation. I found it to 
Lame talk, the music speaks for itself. This is a very dissapointing DVD. If they allowed you to have songs without commentary interruption it might be ok, or if there 
Playboy trying to break into the White Trash market. I can t see how anyone can actually watch this stuff. Playboy was always a weak rag, and their videos are 
More of the same... Rest Stop is a pretty bad straight to DVD horror flick. It s the same old redneck rampage style serial killer flick. But the plot is 
Pul-eese. Why did they have to make this movie?. I have only one question about this movie. And that is, Why in the world did they change so many things 
Mickey Lemie slips us a Mickey Finn. Somebody put something in my drink, or was it this snooze-fest of a film. This guy directs like a dead-beat trying to avoid 
Bad movie. Interesting concept, bad execution. Not recomended. There are better films out there about vampires. Not a good film  
Faded Glory. Whatever Prince had 15-20 years ago, it s gone. In his earlier work, everything seem to have a reason. In this effort, virtually nothing did. Yes, he did 
They lose their edge in season three. Penn and Teller had two great seasons but it looks like they have run out of ideas. We get an episode about hair. 
don t even bother!. Okay, I was excited to see this movie. I read a few non fiction books on the dot.com bust and thought I knew a thing or 
Inaccuracy not the worst of its sins. Unlike many of the reviewers here, I m not a biblical expert and really don t care if the movie adheres to the 
Really boring. I am very disappointed in Dieux du Stade: Making 2005 Calendar. The filming, photos, and the players for Making 2004 Calendar were so much better. They had lots 
A Silly Sexual Farce. Ok! So it had a Swiss cheese plot. That s not so unusual for a soft core move is it? I ve seen my share of 
Paul Walker finally yields his throne to... ... Tyrese Gibson, for WORST ACTOR EVER. Up to this point, I ve been a huge Paul Walker fan for his comedically bad 
so-so. I never cared much for the soundtrack aside from a few tracks. this Film was wack the Acting,Directing. but the Story Line was cool. in fact if someone knew 
Not as good as expected. I rented this movie tonight, having vaguely remembered the trailer from 2003. The synopsis on the box was intriguing enough, although I realized the potential 
Meh. Just meh. You can find most of these DVDs in one fell swoop on e-bay already if you use the search term DVD lot and you will end up 
Mangleing the good doctor. Not at all a good version of Dr Seuss s beloved classics... while I ve seen the &quot;point the camera at the book&quot; type of production 
All terribly arty. I suppose I should have realised that if I hated L Avventura , I would probably hate this, too. Just wish I d thought of that before 
Same phenomenon in WWII, Fascist Black-Propaganda. Motion picture messages are so smoothly constructed and mass produced today, audiences would hardly bat and eye if they were seeing anti-intellectualism presented to 
 Don t hurt me, please. . I ll give you a brief synopsis of what happens in this movie so that you don t have to bother wasting your 
Short stories. Not at all what I had in mind when I bought it. Afterall it was a collection of short stories. Only one I found interesting  
Let Down!!!!!!!!!!. Not enough T&A for me. Michelle Williams didn t show enough.  
If you value your time... steer clear. This movie suffers from terminal SCS... Shaky Camera Syndrome, the latest thing nowadays to make a movie look cool. Not only does that 
This is a travesty to The Crow!. As many people, I reluctantly picked this up- but did only because of the gorgeous Kirsten Dunst. From the opening scene, I could 
Criterion Collection Stunk!. The above entitled collection was a real disappointment. Not at all what I expected and definitely not worth the money. Quite frankly, I was so disappointed I 
save thyself, do not even rent this joke of a history retelling. I can make fun of this without mercy because everyone involved with the project made a billion dollars. 
spare me............ Michael burned up an the doc blew up in Halloween 2, end of story, end of franchise. Money hungry producers and writers need to get a brain and 
Bad, Worse, Want 2 buy It. This is the worst lesbian movie I have ever seen - way worse than Claire of the Moon, which was pretty bad. I read 
Rip off - Deceptive advertising. The package says that there is the theatrical and the extended version on disc 1. I bought it hoping that I would be able to 
Very dissapointed.... This DVD release is from a lackluster performance by the band in Sydney, Australia, in 1988. To be fair, I don t know if it s the band 
great but broken. The product is a great learning tool for infants. It is also fine entertainment for little ones who cannot keep their eyes off it. The only problem 
Black Hawk Down a.k.a. The Moroccan Sunset. To the east of Mogadishu is the Indian Ocean and to the west is the African continent. In this movie, sunrise and sunset 
heinous. This is the most terrible, emotionally offensive film ever created. After watching this movie, my eyes began to bulge from my head and limbs began to fall off. Watch 
Fresh material, bad encoding. A movie of this nature generally draws extreme reviews, good and bad; personally I don t find it to be particularly bad or good nor can 
just because. i recorded the live aid concert on vhs. & I mean i was up at six am to catch it when it started in australia. inxs was the 
......NOT GOOD ENOUGH!!!..... I did not like hardly a thing about this war picture, Anthony Mann or no Anthony Mann [Director]...Robert Ryan was superb being in command of a motley 
Just Plain Awful. There is only one word that can fit this movie--bad. For lack of nothing better to do and no good movies left at the video store, I 
Your basic waste of time. This might be the perfect flick for a fourteen year-old who aspires to be a mass murderer. There is little to recommend it apart from 
order not received. i ordered THIRD MAN ON THE MOUNTAIN DVD.....before i ordered this DVD.....was sometime in January 2007 and i paid for top speed delivery.....i received the other DVD 
You are all wrong. This movie turned out to be laughable, annoying garbage. Horrible film  
Nice idea but too slow to be enjoyable. I wonder if bad subtitles ruined the film but it was SO PAINFULLY SLOW I found it impossible to sit through. I 
Crapfest. Quite possibly one of the worst movies of all time. Clive Owen is really cool, but not in this movie. Angelina Jolie s polital agenda totally fueled this film. 
Awful comedic western. What an incredible waste of acting talent There Was a Crooked Man turned out to be. Director Joseph Mankiewicz celebrated for classics such as All About Eve 
Be unafraid. I couldn t understand why the characters in this film were so frightened by a bunch of psycho trucks. I mean, the trucks can t put gas into 
YUCK. THE DESCRIPTION OF THIS MOVIE IS VERY INTERESTING....DONT FALL FOR IT. THE ACTIONS DESCRIBED HAPPEN- DONT GET ME WRONG; BUT IN A PLODDING AND TALENTLESS WAY. THE SUBTITLES MOVE 
For cannibal film fans and Franco completists. This is one of those cannibal movies Franco made in the early 1980s, and if you ve seen any of the others, you 
Stargate SG-1 Season 9 DVDs. As a long fan of Stargate SG-1, why wait so long for Season 9 to be released only for short segments to have been removed 
read this before you buy!!!. this movie totally blows. it is a complete waste of time and i am now dumber for having watched it. maximum overdrive is much better. 
Poorly Done. This documentary on the game wasn t well done at all. Most of the macks don t even seem credible. See the lesbian pimp who gets engaged to 
An early controversial Italian work. This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.Fists in the Pocket, released in Italy as I Pugni in tasca , is 
Just plain horrible. I saw this with an open mind, as some modern remakes have been pretty good. This was not one of them. Other than the title and number 
Don t waste your money. This disk is terrible. It is obviously cheaply digitized from a poor master tape. Don t purchase products by Pathfinder Home Entertainment, if this is 
Good book...bad movie. I LOVED the book and made the mistake of buying the movie without watching it first. This movie is boring and did no justice to the book 
NO REMAKE NEEDED!!!!. this is one of those movies that you have to ask, why remake a movie that did it right the first time!!! buy the 1968 version and 
The Eagles have given in to the dark side... I never thought that I d say this about an Eagles song, but &quot;Hole In The World&quot; is an absolutely trite 
Raising more questions than it answers. Am I supposed to believe that this big honking gorilla wants to have sex with something that could easily fit up his rectum? OK, 
Not what I expected. I purchase a lot of educational videos on photography and Photoshop, but this one was not at all what I expected. It has little, if any, 
Nice Cinematography, Shame About The Script. The film looks good. That cannot be denied. It looks stylish and is directed with flair. Unfortunately, the script plays out like it s 
Old Action Heroes don t die, they just fade away. Instructions: rent Steven Seagall s latest action movie knuckle-fest Exit Wounds . Insert in DVD player; watch first 15 minutes 
Doubtful. Blade Runner didn t do much justice for me. There s something missing or wrong with the theatrical and the 1991 DC versions. I will give this movie another 
Black Christmas is just a goofy gory version. When Bob Clark gave us the original back in the 75 and threw a young Margot Kidder in as a boozing sorority 
No Stars from a Cold War Submariner. I watched the film in the theater when it came out, was very disappointed in all the inaccuracies. Trying to entertain educate people 
Betty Buckley scenes not included. I dont know how many people are aware of this but Betty Buckley played the girlfriend of Robert Redford s character. This was during her 
Dark & Low Key. Armistead Maupin s novel, The Night Listener, was a departure from his usual light hearted looks at metrosexuals. The roman-a-clef was based on an episode in 
Not pleased. The Firm Lower body sculpt DVD did not meet my expectations.Not enough info was offered to let you know that you need to purchase additional equipment the Fanny 
Only if you are a beginner. I found this DVD ery unhelpful, I bought for the merengue portion, and I feel like I threw my money away, It s a 
Message received, invitation declined. A run-of-the-mill hired gun oater told from the hired gun s point of view. Yul Brynner stars in INVITATION TO A GUNFIGHTER, a western with a 
Terrible. I used to like this film back in the late 80s but after purchasing it, reading the book and watching it again I realized that there isn t much 
John Wayne, the draft and credibility. There appear in these forums discrepancies re: John Wayne s age. Marion Morrison was born May 26, 1907. He was 34 when Pearl Harbor 
Spooked a 2-year Old. When this DVD was first watched, the adults in our household thought that these Winnie the Pooh stories did a very good job introducing ghosts to 
A Bunch of Intersting characters Does Not Equal a Good Movie. Do not be fooled by this movie. It pretends to be Deep, but it is far from having any 
running out of believable plots. The British television industry has such an appetite for detective stories that the script writers are running out of quality, believable plots. This may not 
I didn t like this one. If you are used to pretty intense workouts i.e. you re a marathon runner or aerobics instructor this one is definately not for you! 
One of the dumbest movies that I ve ever seen. Back in the early 90 s, Jane March made a big splash internationally with her uninhibited performance in the sexually 
Best movie with no conclusion I ve ever seen. OK, I m a SciFi fan. I read the SciFi reviews and thought this was really a movie for me, and 
Ridiculous and lame!. Cursed is the most pathetic werewolf movie I ve seen since An American Werewolf in Paris . The acting is terrible, directing is poor Shame on you 
Fairly Informative but Needlessly Dreary in Tone. I m pleased to know that others find more value in this documentary than I did. As someone who has been fascinated by 
Not good. This was not Miami Vice. It was a cop movie with the same characters as the tv show. I realize they were trying to make an updated version 
THE most BORING movie EVER!!!. This is what happens when you buy movies that Amazon recommends; I consider my EXTREME boredom with this movie my PUNISHMENT for letting them recommend 
Whoops, was I wrong about this set. Well, I wrote the review about this set, and boy was I disappointed when I got it. I see that the company who 
one side only. Those who buy this DVD should be aware that the documentary takes one part only. Armenians lived with the Ottoman for more than 500 years without any 
Drama About Domestic Terrorists. This film starts with an event based on a true crime. A talk radio show host in Denver was killed by an American Nazi. This event 
Dead Wrong. Dance of the Dead is director Tobe Hooper s Poltergeist, Texas Chainsaw Massacre contribution to the uneven first season of Masters of Horror . The series contains 13 
Thomas Hardy? Not even Oliver Hardy!. After two hours of watching it, I still don t know what it was about. Yes, the scenery is fantastic, but a National Geographic 
Trust Me: Traffic Jam is well more worth your money. Dearest and I actually saw this a couple of years ago on TV, where Austin City Limits usually played. Steve 
Very disappointed in Clive Barker. I really like Clive Barker movies, but this one isn t that great. It lacked in many areas and didn t explain much at all 
Snore. Don t let the cover fool you, this film isn t half as fun as you may hope it is. Maybe it s my own fault, but I was 
Apparition Sisterhood and the Fate of the Sparrows in Mungbread. Sharon Stone. Kiss of death. Sloppy kiss of death. Sloppy, halitosis-infested kiss of death. I defy anyone to name a 
Surprisingly slight and insubstantial. The New World is the least of Terrence Malick s limited filmography to date, and could be best described as a monotone poem. It s not 
Great story if only the language was cleaner. YIKES.. Saw this on TV a while back and there was no cussing. Bought the DVD and wow, it was filled with 
brand new factory damages. not a review about the films but of the quality of the so called brand new mint dvds.I recieved this collection along with the other 2 
I would rate this comdy zero stars if I could. I have to say I did not have too much faith to begin with that this was going to be 
Only moderately funny. This DVD has a few good laughs but isn t nearly as good as listening to Drunk in Public.  
Nothing Special. Golf is a slow moving sport and Tin Cup was one slow moving movie. Somehow Kevin Costner s character Roy McAoy just seemed to annoy me. The club 
Wonderful performances, okay first half, rotten second half. WARNING. This review contains mild spoilers for the movie if you don t know the story of Les Mis.If you are going 
stupid. I love Vincent Price and have many of his movies but this one I wish I had not bought. It is really stupid. It was one of his later 
Not for everyone. If your main objective, is the study of human relationships,social rapports between humans, and conquering and seducing otherpeople, this movie is for you.Not an embarrassing movie, at 
 out of my mind for renting this Derk . Mr. Seagal passed his prime 6 movies ago but someone didn t tell him. With the weight gain and the 
Starts well, comes crashing down. In the early going, I thought the choice was between four and five stars. As the movie progressed, my rating dropped to somewhere between three 
No need to Suicide. I get the story line but 5 grown women need to suicide!? The one dare to have a boyfriend and not go home for the night. 
Great show. I ordered the Alvin Ailey DVDs for overseas visitors who had enjoyed the performance in 2005, missed the December 2006 tour  
Too Cheesy. I used this video in the 90s and got rid of it after a while. Now I am back into fitness and got the DVD based on the 
Boring. This video is just boring. The picture is not to good but watchable. I hope this is the only video this guy ever makes. I do have to give 
One of the sickest movies ever. I wish I could give this movie zero stars. It s really amazing how someone can inject raw gore, violence, and sick humour into 
terrible. I got this as a gift and if it wasn t alreay opened, I would have returned it. Theres nothing new or novel about the humor in the series. 
Noam is an hypocrite. Noam hates the western world all the while living in america and enjoying the conforts of western civilization. Maybe he should live in a communist country 
preachy. Spare me another movie about how the big bad Catholic Church makes life dull and arduous until everybody is rescued by a sexually liberated Mary Poppins. The film s 
Too bad to be good. Gyllenhaal and Spader both provide strong performances, but nonetheless the film is slow, tedious, and only occasionally interesting  
Uncle Buck with John Candy. This movie was not entertaining at all, bad script, etc  
Lollilove -- Skip it. I am a big fan of the Office, and of the mockumentaries mentioned, and of just good old regular documentaries, which are often funny unintentionally.I thought 
Is your baby ready for a life of bad eating habits?. This DVD was a total disappointment. First of all, this video was a rip off of Baby Genius series, 
We all know this is a good movie, but.... AVOID AT ALL COSTS! I bought this for a little over 15 at another store and returned it within a week...Horrible 
an affair to remember. i think the newer version the love affair with Warren Beatty Annette Benning better.  
Meek Machine. From the people who brought you 50 First Dates comes this synthetic remake of the 1974 Burt Reynolds-Robert Aldrich crowdpleaser. Instead of a hard-edged prison population, we get 
One sided. I haven t seen a movie so one-sided since the Contender. They didn t even try to make good arguments for the pro-gun side. I hate to use 
Dishonest with its material. A basically dishonest movie, lacking the courage of its convictions. This oscar-winning movie is in favor of illegal abortion, adultery, law breaking, disobedience of authority, yet 
Paul Walker finally yields his throne to... ... Tyrese Gibson, for WORST ACTOR EVER. Up to this point, I ve been a huge Paul Walker fan for his comedically bad 
Awful. Awful. Awful. I don t usually waste my time reviewing bad movies, but I felt it was my duty to warn others about this turd. As the other review 
Cockeyed Perspective Taints Provocative Subject. This unique documentary clearly portrays some of the tragic effects of war on wives of soldiers from both sides of the Vietnam War. Unfortunately the 
Burned Out. It s about time for someone to make a strong pitch to Hollywood for a new version of Fahrenehit 451 . Although I appreciate what Truffault was trying 
Hold the popcorn. We actually paid money to see this movie in a theater. We sat through the entire thing waiting for it to have some socially redeeming value. We 
good performances; not the most interesting stories. Rebecca Miller spins three tales of woman who decide to take their lives into their own hands. In brief vignettes featuring three contemporary 
Worst video game movie. We rented this movie, knowing it wouldn t be an Oscar winner or anything. I ve seen some bad movies based on video games and comic 
Good basis. This film is an integral one in the study of film adaptation of Jane Austen s most popular novel, Pride and Prejudice. It represents the beginning of a 
This Documentary Had Nothing Of Any Use About Marilyn Manson To Offer. This documentary had nothing new or interesting of use even to a newfound Manson fan. Really these guys 
What a crap!. Looks great but don t get trusted, this is the worst killer shark film ever! The shark looks so fake and during all the movie he only 
Dull and boring. This Trick should refund your money... Like most indie gay themed movies, Trick had quite a bit of buzz around it. A terrific movie with Tori Spelling! 
Confusing, slow, and sub par acting. Jesus, I m not sure that they could have picked a worse cast for this terrible movie. The only redeeming thing about it, was 
weak. This movie was a weak effort by Capra, who directed it, and the star, Gary Cooper. It s a good story, just poorly directed Capra can t hit a 
Not for weight loss. This DVD is fine for beginners who would like some stretching, but there is no weight loss aspect to it. I felt deceived by a cheap 
By our standards, truly terrible. By the standards of the 60s, below average. SpoilersWith money boiling a hole in my pocket and in desperate search of some Ancient Rome Greek 
Wait for VH1-Classics. I think that you can fit more than 50 minutes on one DVD these days. They trick you into paying 35 by putting this documentary on 3 
This film does not reach the high standards of the novel. I have loved Hermann Hesse s novel Siddhartha for many years, having first read it in psychology graduate school 
Big name cast adds up to unfocussed dud. The worst movie of this genre. Incredible does describe this movie- incredibly bad! This movie doesn t know what it wants to 
Torture to watch. I hate to trash on an American Classic... but this was truly horrible. I thought my son would like this due to the flying car. It took 
 of the Daleks . This is one of my least favorite Dalek story arcs. The story isn t great, failing to justify the use of the Daleks and their 
Are You Kidding Me?. I saw this movie about two weeks ago and I can t believe how disappointed I am for this. I was expecting fireworks; instead I got 
Deathcab for Ambien....zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. Touring is an emotional rollercoaster ...wow guys, tell me something that Steve Perry didn t cover about twenty years ago when Journey did their own my life 
Do the right thing...avoid this movie. I would not go so far as to say this movie is terrible. I would say it is self-important, immature, obvious, and overwhelmingly one-sided. 
Anti-entertainment. Anybody can shock. I can slit my wrists in the middle of the interstate, or piss on a cross. Shocking, but hardly artistic. I really wish she would stop 
YUCK. Most of the live performances feature no-name and decidedly non-punk acts like Eddie and the Hot Rods and the Adverts. The Gen X footage is not synched with the 
Racist Piece Of S . anyone who buys this probably is wearing a white sheet over there head--- f that piece of trash michael richards -- and by the way 
Making a Poor Film Useful in the Classroom. After reading the novel by Jane Yolen with my 7th grade classes, I was eager to view the film version. I had 
Not One of Wayne s Best. I love the History Channel, have infinite respect for the AVG, love John Wayne films, and lived two years in the part of China 
Taye Diggs in a southern accent doesnt cut it. this movie is a great waste of time. with its annoying litle rich brat kids and one of them kills their 
Very poor DVD of a wonderful movie. This is one of my all-time favorite movies, but I was very disappointed with the DVD version. In the middle of the movie, 
Very good story ruined by low budget and bad directing!. Just read the Description behind the DVD or in amzon.com or yahoo.com! You ll be tantalized to watch this movie 
Knowing all about drugs and feeling superior in our knowledge: is the method educators and entertainers use to keep us off them. A bunch of people lie to and kill 
Not a timeless classic!. Don t get me wrong.I enjoyed watching Robo-Cop.I ve seen it more than once,and if I had nothing better to do on a weekday night with 
Santana playing the blues?? C mon. I have my doubts as to Santana music for quiet a long time- it seems that he loves his place and role as a 
I don t get it. Some guy in NYC gets up on a building and starts shooting people in the ketchup packets. A father kills his family off camera . 
Wreaking Havoc With My Sensibilities. What can I say about the truly inspired film Havoc that hasn t been said before? Barbara Kopple, an Academy Award winning documentarian, taking a 
All lies, an attack on america... For what purpose these lies about the life of this man? Are the liberal film makers racists who don t believe that there is 
Not as good a follow-on. Being a huge fan of Yoga for the Rest of Us, I was looking forward to getting the second DVD, but this second DVD largely 
Aweful. My 20 month old son is speech delayed and I bought this DVD based on all the positive reviews I ve seen. Maybe I m missing something, but I 
ORIGINAL IS BETTER~!. If you want UNCUT ORIGINAL version, ALWAYS look for ORIGINAL LICENSED Production. NOT US Release. Its a foreign film, it should not be US version to begin 
Stupid Movie - waste of time watching. This is one of the worst movies I have ever watched. Actually I turned it off after the first 30 minutes because it 
Good performances, astoundingly bad script. Stellan Skarsgard and Diane Lane, two otherwise talented actors, completely embarass themselves in this absurd, trite and predictable thriller that turns out to be more 
The devil s in the details. Mostly notorious when it was released in 1987 for featuring wholesome sitcom star Lisa Bonet in a sex scene with some nudity and thereby 
Unbelievable crap!. This movie could ve been something, had they gotten some real actors, a script and a director. Well, they didn t, and this movie is an embarassment to 
Decent!. The DVD is a good one....BUT THE FLAMES SHOULD HAVE WON THE CUP IN GAME 6! THE PUCK CROSSED THE LINE AND THEY SHOULD HAVE WON THAT GAME! THE 
SO SAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I LOVE TO DANCE .........SO I WAS EXCITED TO GET THIS!! WHAT A BORING DVD!! DID NOT SWEAT!! HATED HER COMPLICATED MOVES!!!!! SHE IS PRETTY BUT NOT MOTIVATING.......MY 
Another lame Shark Movie. Bad acting and bad effects make this movie awful.This movie was a little intresting,but could have been WAY WAY better.They coppied the same scenes from Shark 
Thanks, Peter, you ve done it again. I saw all LOTR movies in the theater on their opening days. I loved them all! Then bought all the theatrical versions on 
Yawn.....are we having fun yet?. I love Wayne s World. I love Wayne s World 2 more. NOT!!!!! This sequel is nowhere near as much fun as the original. Fun 
dun know. I just bought this for my children... and it is nothing of I expected... it is way much better the baby move by fisher price and cheaper. This 
its ok for a 4 pack. Well,this dvd was ok...tghey could of used better camras for the night scenes this dvd did have the punch of the 360 videos or 
Awful. I was very disappointed in this movie. It had such cool cover art on the DVD that I took a chance and rented it - foolish move. It just 
It was okay. I m a huge fan of Lamb Of God. But I mean this DVD is watch worthy but quality could have been alot better. Take my advise 
Junk, Junk, Junk - And Not in a Good Way . . . At the time that Douglas Sirk s first big American film, SUMMER STORM an adaptation of Chekov 
The Mothman Travesty. Three problems with this film:1. PACING - The film s pacing doesn t vary. It s very boring. As a matter of fact, this wouldn t be 
Flight of Fatty. Now i must say that I m a fat man. I m at least 45 pounds over-weight but i don t make action movies and i don 
A Musical Feast for the Ears. Kottke is always an amazing guitarist to listen to. This video is laid back and comfortable to watch and is a guitar lovers musical 
junk. Boring, moronic and a complete waste of the talents of Jason Isaacs - save your money.  
Seen it all before. These types of movies are becoming quite the trend in Hollywood. Fight Club started it which was an awesome movie . Then the Sixth Sense which 
Walking the Koran. If your christian dont buy this,It has nothing to do with the 5 books of Moses,also no true idea on religion  
City Hall 1996 . Cast: Harold BeckerCast: Al Pacino, John Cusack, Bridgett Fonda, Danny Aiello, Martin Landau, David Paymer, Anthony Franciosa, Richard Schliff, Lindsay Duncan.Running Time: 111 minutesRated R for 
In a word: horrid. It pained me to sit through this movie and I would have turned it off after the first ten minutes if I didn t have to 
Oy Vey. Oh, dear...this movie was an abomination. Why must directors insist on picking up books and deciding not to read them and make a movie out of them instead? 
2.5 stars. This movie was a little to silly for me. he plot made no sense, the dead came to life for no reason and the humor oh jesus was 
Not the greatest for tight and inflexible. To let you know where I am coming from, I am out of shape and fat. I wanted a primer to increase flexibility 
This movie made me hungry for fruit roll-ups. when the gore looks like fruit roll-ups and that liquid candy. Then it really sucks.No this movie is beyond sucks. Fake-butt explosions 
Hollywood hardup for a new story so they ruin an old one. This is just a piece of Hollywood has shown here that they just have no new ideas stories 
read the book. This really isnt a bad movie if you havent read the book, if you have read the book then think of this as another story based on 
Nick Cage in a bad role. Nicky Cage was not very good in this cinematic decomplishment, as he turns in a horrible acting job in this dull and boring movi 
1st film was better. The first film was much better than R.E. Apocalypse; more gore, better acting, better presentation overall, and it was done with a lot less money  
I really wanted to love it, really. This could have been a nice little movie; it almost is. The plot is blissfully uncomplicated, much like a Marx Brother s film, 
Oh dear. We weren t expecting much from this one. My husband remembered it as not being great, but being tolerable. I think he was interested in the weapons in 
If I could I would rate it a 0 star. This is one of the most horrible movies I ve ever seen. The characters, especially the two main actors, have 
Banal, Pathetic, Out of Touch. I have always had a morbid fascination with that segment of the population that believes that the Bible is the only book one has to 
Sooo Outdated!. The sound quality on this video is absolutely horrid! Is sounds like it was recored off of someone s tape recorder in mono. The musical arrangements are very 
THE THIEF OF BAGDAD. This was awful. I m sorry I spent a penny on this.  
Not very good. Whoa! I rented this movie, because I can remember seeing publicity photos and or previews, of the tall actor, with his nose in some sort of bandage. 
Wow!. Wow again....... Now I am really surprised that so many people have given this movie ? such a high rating, I will just respect other people s taste. If 
What is this complete and utter insanity?!?!. What is this complete and utter insanity?!?! This &quot;Set 2&quot; was supposed to include Woody Allen s VERY best &quot;little&quot; film &quot;Broadway Danny 
Prejudice movie!. This movie is NOT good for the kids! It teaches them how to be prejudice and will probably result in them hating cats! Cats are actually really sweet 
Not worth watching. All style and no substance. Even the dance number with John Travolta & Uma Thurman was lackluster. And would Cedric The Entertainer please go away? I ve 
Not that funny. I was expecting a glimpse of some of richard s funniest acts. the DVD does not do that. It merely interviews people who knew him and give 
Terrible. You know what you re getting with a movie like this. Its not going to be Oscar material but you ll have a few scatalogical jokes and see some 
Ana Torroja and Miguel Bose: Girados Live. Very mediocre live concert video, it should be better if the concert was taped live, instead too much editing, which diminished the dvd. 
Origins, the DVD experience. The book version of Origins , which I think Scientific American or maybe The Economist rightfully recommended as THE essential general science book for 2005 is 
Jingo. This flick is like a prequel to Hogan s Heroes. The Allied POWs are plucky, cocky and handsome. The German soldiers who guard them are bumbling oafs. At the 
Terror is a bit of an overstatement... Granted, I love plane crash video because it is my secret creepy obsession, so almost any footage is pretty okay by me, but 
good movie, bad copy!. good movie, bad copy!I ordered it because it was cheap.However, picture quality is POOR; fuzzy, washed-out, blurry.It looks like it s recorded in superlongplay.The shortness of 
Very, Very Blue. Sorry, I m more of an action viewer. It broke my heart to hear the Gettysburg address and not see any of the battle. The series teases 
Way way OVERRATED and SCHLOCKY! Amateurish!. The whole premise and ultimate execution of this tacky and ridiculous fictional story line was an exercise in frustration and dissapointment for this viewer. 
Stick with Willy Wonka. I could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern s classic - while the set design and special FX are state of the art, as usual for 
Disappointing. Don t waste your time or your money on this film. Trust the detailed negative reviews provided on this site. I can only assume the positive comments were written 
Disappointing. This is a really disappointing product for a couple major reasons. First, there s the logistical problems. So much of the footage is poor and so badly-cut together that 
Do you want to dance? with Teresa Mason. This dance video is brief viewing of advanced dancing and did not help with learning how to dance. I would not recomend 
... horrid movie. i can t believe how disappointed i am in this anime. i had heard so much about it and how it is a story that is at 
Not as good as the film. I am a great admirer of David Suchet s Poirot, but I found this production disappointing. Despite being filmes in Egypt with breathtaking scenery, 
A little too scary and aggressive for my kids. Unfortunately, I watched this movie with my kids instead of BEFORE my kids. Had I seen it in advance, I wouldn 
Sad to say, Very Disappointed. I also found this Best of collection to fall very short of the BEST ! There are clearly MANY other episodes they could have, and 
Sesame Street - Happy Healthy Monsters. I am VERY disappointed with this video. I bought it for my 2 year old thinking it would be a great way to exercise 
5 STAR MOVIE UNRATED EDITION DVD IN DEFECTIVE. I love this movie,but I am extremely disappointed with this unrated release. The first problem is that even though you can watch 
Mr. Dickens s Divorce Tells in this Story. A young man desires a pretty young woman, who makes a fool of him. The 1981-version has a better first episode; but 
SLEEPER!. I don t see what people like about this movie. I found itto be very boring. I liked Full Metal Jacket, Pearl Harbor,and Saving Private Ryan, a whole lot 
Melvin should have another serving of paste. Directors, actors, and all others associated with the film industry make a real effort to be cerebral. It s understandable, as it s 
Not worth it!. The Spanish Prisoner had a great storyline but the acting was terrible. Not to mention the lightening in the film made it seem like a Lifetime movie 
Terrible version. The production of the play was terrible. The acting was even worse. I was going to show it to my students, but I can t show them that 
Unknown. Please read my other review on this film distributed by another studio, Anchor Bay Entertainment  
Nothing to write home about. The review on the cover of the DVD reads A snappy, sexy thriller... I must disagree. This was the most unsexy, and unthrilling movie I 
A contrary opinion. Everybody I know loves this film. In today s environment, when WKW is being hailed as the premier director from Asia, and one of the world s 
Same As Last Film !. Was a bit disappointed, I was at least expecting a Raw, unadulterated version of the original film. Since it was a straight to video release. 
Let s be honest ... This is not a good film. I wanted to like it because I love South Park and I think that Trey Parker and Matt Stone 
Lame. Two problems.First problem. Let s say you re the typical kidnapper-rapist-killer. For fun and out of postmodern boredom, you kidnap two girls off the street in New York City. 
Horrible. I wasted a spot in my Netflix queue and my time to watch this. Thank god I never went to the Tempe Improv to seee Artie, he s horribly 
Blame Michael Flatley... ... for giving every dance studio and popular dance genre the hope that they too can be the next Riverdance . The dancers are all talented, if 
Don t go into old farm houses, haven t you ever seen a horror movie?. This movie was pretty bad. I know that it was a B-horror flick, but come 
Boring. I am a junior in high school and for the past three days our history class has watched this film. I respected its point and purpose, but I must 
Very bad movie.... My title is pretty obvious, but this film is garbage. I love dark cinema, but I just hated this tripe. It has an overriding smugness and self 
NOT Stoker s Dracula. I give this movie 1 star because it lies to the viewer. This movie is NOT Bram Stoker s Dracula, but a rip-off of the character 
compared to The Nature of Narrative . You saw nothing in Hiroshima. Nothing is what he said. Hiroshima Mon Amour depicts the reality of the bombing of Hiroshima, which took 
No magic or mystery tour. If you want to see a lot of magic,then don t buy this dvd.There s precious little of it.If you want to see a documentary 
Kindof neat, but lost my attention. Okay. Don t get me wrong. I like imaginitive things. There s nothing wrong with a little fantasy or anything. This DVD set, however, 
He May Be An Officer, He May be A Gentleman--But Sirs, This Is No An Officer And A Gentleman . OK, I had heard Annapolis was a pale imitation of 
Clearly no where near as good as Suspiria !!. Like many of you Argento fans, I had heard a lot about Deep Red and some people even considered it to 
Horrible - Not bellydance!!!!. I was Soooo looking forward to this DVD and I was very, very disappointed. It is just club dancing with belly dancing costumes. Don t waste 
snowboarding mixed with bullets and action dont mix. this movie started out good but then got all mushy with the action and the gunfire. good snowboarding stunts, and the cast 
PEEEEEUUUUUUWWW. AWFUL. JUST AWFUL. UNLESS YOU GRADUATED FROM EVELYN WOODS SPEED READING CLASS- YOURE NOT GOING TO BE ABLE TO KEEP UP WITH THE WRITING AT THE BOTTOM. AND EVEN 
Disappointing. The concept of a movie based on Miami Vice is such a good one, we had high expectations that just weren t met. We could not clearly hear most 
Not very good... ...But it gets one star for the brief moments that Ricky Jay has in the film and another for portions of Alec Baldwin s performance. Overall this 
Yet another gutter scraping lack of quality in lesbian film!. Wake up lesbians: THIS IS NOTHING LIKE Brokeback Mountain!! To begin with, the differences between this and Brokeback Mountain are 
Well, that was dreadful. I only bought this DVD, because I m a rabid Jason Isaacs fan, and I m intent on eventually seeing everything in his IMDB listing, but 
[Two-and-a-half stars out of Four] Another bit down as Dyan Cannon adds little!. Squeeling bleech blonde Lakers fan Cannonneeded the work and Sellers needed a Kin-der Gentler Panther movie to 
WASTE OF TIME. I am a big baseball fan, so I forced myself to sit through the whole thing. This movie was very slow and it completely lost my attention. 
A waste of time. There is nothing about the characters in this movie that makes you like them enough to even care what happens. The outcome is predictable and the 
I think 1 star is to much. If you a going to buy this movie because you saw 2001 best movie ever and want to find out about the story 
Steer clear of this Ed Sullivan Release!!. When they originally aired this Sullivan Christmas Special on network television a few years ago, it was packed with oldie rock n roll 
Could have been a better disk. I like Daniels as a wrestler. He is Mr. TNA however this disk is very lacking. Most of these matches are already on the 
Fock You!. This movie was AWESOME! Ben Stiller is a comic GENIUS, he s the new Jerry Lewis! DeNiro, AWESOME! Hoffman, AWESOME! Streisand, AWESOME and still very sexy for an 
Long, droll, boring and non-sensical. I didn t like this very droll movie. It was unbelievable, and plot less. There was some plot there, but it was messed with by 
MONK IS JUNK!. I really want to give this piece of garbage a Zero. Actually, I only watched part of one episode, I don t know if it s from 
Terrible. Short Cuts is a masterpiece of American film making, and for that one film alone I hold Altman in high regard, but this film was just so atrocious that 
&quot;Golden Coach&quot; ruined by bad mastering at end. The DVD for &quot;The Golden Coach&quot; is for the most part fine, but the final minutes, which are crucial to the full 
purchased. Hi,I have not receive my item yat.Thanks  
I M SORRY... I FIND THIS BADLY WRITTEN. spoilers!. Yes, this is a supernatural psycological thriller... but far from a good one as far as I m concerned.I love these 
I D LEAVE THIS TOWN TOO!. YET ANOTHER INDIE FILM; THIS ONE A COMING OF AGE STORY OF 4 FRIENDS. SHOULD HAVE MADE 1 OR 2 OF THE 4 GUYS 
Mccourts of New York. Very disappointing.Disjointed effort on behalf of a McCourt nephew. Seems more like a school project rather than the touching journal that resulted in Angela s Ashes. 
Why was this movie set in Wisconsin?. I usually like romantic comedies, but this one was for the birds. Maybe the robin, our state bird here in Wisconsin. Then again, 
AS EXPLOSIVE AS THE SNEEZE OF A SQUIRREL. When I was watching this movie, I found myself going through a mental list of what I needed to do the next 
Nothing funny about it. Jack Nicholson is wasted in this movie. He doesn t get to be JACK, he just plays a watered down characature of himself. But the worst 
Shallow instead of probing. I like films that push things to the edge and address taboos, so I was looking forward to this exploration of kink, sadomasochism and Nazism, written 
W.T.F?. This movie does not make sense. And it s not weird in the style of David Lynch, it s just complete crap. I thought Willie Wonka and The Chocolate 
Not for Young Kids. I saw this movie a long time ago and had forgotten all but the basic plot. I recently purchased the DVD thinking it would be a 
YAWN.... This science movie would make anyone go to sleep, I think COSMOS did it better  
Making a Poor Film Useful in the Classroom. After reading the novel by Jane Yolen with my 7th grade classes, I was eager to view the film version. I had 
Meet John Doe. I purchased this DVD a while ago - FYI - A documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie. I went to the 
Unless you really, really, really like the tango, avoid Tango . There s lots of movie within a movie artifice in Tango, resulting in an confusing, botched ending which according 
Don t waste your time. It only requires 2 words to describe the movie. ABSOLUTE CRAP  
Can t stand up to the original. Rob Lowe is mildly okay as Ben Mears, but his performance goes nowhere near David Soul s angst ridden, really convincing portrayal from 
Item not received. I cannot comment since I have not receive my shipment since I purchased it on Oct 31, 2006. Still trying to find out where it went to 
Like Nails On A Chalk Board. This DVD set had a lot of potential, but it falls victim to sloppy DVD production. The show its self is great, but they 
I just didn t get it. This movie seemed to vacillate between funny ha ha office bullsh t and then really freaky stuff that made me cringe and want to 
Saved by the actors. An American Haunting starts out as many standard horror films do - with a teenage girl being chased by an unseen assailant. She is chased into 
one of the worst ever. I had the clever idea to compare this version with the new movie.What a mistake. The original pink panther is an absolute bore. There is 
BEWARE: ALL SHOWS ARE EDITED. ALL THESE SHOWS ARE THE SYNDICATED ONES.THERE ARE AT LEAST 3 MIN CUT FROM EACH SHOW.SONY SUCKS BIG TIME FOR RELEASING EDITED SHOWS. NOT THE 
worst documentation satire ever made. The documentation satire glorifies illegal immigration. Illegal immigrants break the law and should be treated accordingly. I wish there would be a way to get 
Awful. The depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned. From the moment they reached King Kong s island the movie quickly spiraled to 
Rent at best. Do yourself a favor and don t buy this DVD, rent it at most. I love Shadows Fall, I seem them everytime they come to tour, I 
ATTENTION: Friday freaks. If anyone can tell me where i can get the UNCUT versions of these films please email taylor5821@hotmail.comCheersMick  
The Lisbon Suicides. Therese, Lux, Mary, Bonnie and Cecilia make up the five Lisbon girls, ages 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17. Cecilia, the youngest, lives in her sisters shadows 
A huge disappointment for Cube fans. The first was one of the best thrillers ever, with clever suspence, good characters, decent acting and awesome effects.This one is... meh. Why must 
Lean Pickin s. Beautifully photographed but over-produced historical women s picture on an epic scale. Yes, it has its fans but so do those dime-a-dozen bodice-ripper romance novels on supermarket 
Not what I expected. I thought this film would be a great movie for my 7 and 9 year old first year soccer players. Right off the bat it started 
Primer. What looks like a good movie to watch quickly turns into disappointment. Whilst you expect some plot to come together at least on first viewing - it is strung 
NDB got it right. Someone named NDB and I m willing to bet a princely sum of money that he goes by NDBoston in certain other online venues...ahem hit it 
If you need something to put you to sleep... This movie is terribly boring. I fell asleep twice during it. The fight scenes are too short. The CG used in 
Mediocre. Jennifer Garner has a smile that can light up rooms, but not even her charm can save this very mediocre movie: the plot is facile and glib, you can 
the book is a lot better. i had high expectation on the video but it turned out to be quite disappointed and boring, i have to say that the one 
Dreary, terrible. I can t believe people gave this terrible movie 4 or 5 stars. It s one of the worst movies I ve ever seen. The acting is terrible 
the Plan 9 of cannibal films. If you must see a cannibal film stick to Cannibal Holocaust. the grindhouse release is well worth the money. However the grindhouse release of 
Pretentious, clichd, and trite. This film is a complete waste. It s nothing more than monologues strung together played over scenes of minimal animation, that amounts to backgrounds moving. And 
Trite. I agree with other reviewers that all the supposedly deep and thought-provoking issues presented in this film will machines ever think and become self-aware? Will they have emotion? Should 
How dare you cut these, Mr. Judge. Hey, I never expected the music videos. The VHS didn t have em, the recalled 2-disc set didn t have em, and the 
Wonderful film but poor DVD quality. I bought the DVD with this artwork out of a dollar bin and I got what I paid for. The image is fuzzy and 
Great Film What was Columbia Pictures thinking with this Poor DVD Release?!. I still own the original DVD release for this film which sports the great panavision 2.20:1 aspect ratio... 
Disappointing. Even though I love Evelyn Glennie, this disc is a disappoinment. Too little time is spent actually showing her play: these few and far between moments are the best 
A Disaster!. What a HUGE disappointment this release is. I was suspecting that it wouldn t be all that great when I saw that the studio that originally produced this 
Attack of the Killer Rats!. This movie has the feel of a late-night monster fest hosted by Svengoolie or Elvira. I had no idea what this was about when I 
Shark from some other footage Attack. Shark Attack is an interesting tale of deceit and stolen shark footage. The movie features some computer harpooning police men and a crazy fisherman 
Exact Bits Leary Stole From Hicks. Leary is a hack. He wasn t influenced by Bill Hicks, he STOLE material. That makes him a hack. How can you Leary fans 
OK, but not as good as I expected. The main disappointment with this movie was the excessive number of shots of the cars zipping through empty roads as compared to 
really, really bad. worst movie. bad acting, bad sex, bad everything. not worth the cost of the disk. not worth a cent. offended not by nudity, but by bad acting, 
Find something else. I loved this movie when I was a kid. I bought it out of nostalgia, and regretted it. The movie may have been good for its time, 
Sabata Trilogy. I ve been wanting to own this set for some time now and I m sad to say that I was not impressed at all. The DVD quality 
Is this price a joke?. I m a fan of this show. I never missed an ep. This price, however, is so high it s offensive. What in the world 
amer graffitti review. this dvd lasted about 20 minutes and then stopped never mad e it through the whole movie once....  
Pathetic. Stupefying and moronic is the most apt description of this waste of celluloid. Though made during the Cold War, its portrayal of Russian people is unfairly mean-spirited and in 
Terrible !. This film is a huge waste of celluloid. It is horribly disjointed and the acting is awful by everyone throughout. The sets are abysmal meaning it is all 
Interesting but not Accurate. I have a love-hate thing with this movie. When I first saw it I just got scared but in the past few years I have come 
SUCKS. Garbage. They tweaked it in every place that didn t need tweaking. Straker is no longer bald, Matt Burke is no longer caucasion, and now he s gay. The 
Idiocy to fast forward through. This movie is terrible. It is three hours of nonsense. The pacing is so slow that you have to make a lot of use of 
 Who would want to kill the sweetest woman in the world? . I knew I was in trouble with FOUR BROTHERS when I saw that Josh Howard of SPORTS 
excuses, excuses. so I m supposed to believe that the horrible dialogue, bad acting, and ridiculous plotting is on purpose just because Mamet is a respected guy? how about we 
WHY OH GAWD WHY?. Why when there are talented writers out there with original ideas, do people never see their work and continue to produce this kind of crap?Luv Mom 
Orientalism on demand. the movie directors in the ME, particularly Iranians, are responding to demands by the West for certain type of movies. They produce what is demanded from them; 
Pretty to look at but... I was not thrilled with this work. Here s why: The movie jumps about in non-logical fashion that distracts from the flow. It is beautifully 
Weird but washed out. Be warned that the colors in this dvd are exceptionally bright and washed out. The movie itself is great, in an Ed Wood mimics softcore Godard 
Did not play on my Xbox 360 HD player. The menue pops up and then the disc freezes on pressing of any button. Not sure if only my disc is 
Masters of Boredom. This show was supposed to be about letting horror directors compete with each other to see who can come up with the scariest little horror show of 
Never received product. I never received product as they never shipped it. Amazon sent me an email stating that they couldn t complete my order as it was non-deliverable .. 
to the writer of the review entitled an especially prescient film . The many toubled, undemocratic areas of Africa don t have leaders that have sworn to stop at nothing 
Now a longer version of a movie that was too long?. OK, the original is a classic and is what...90...100 minutes long? Jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and 
i m sorry, but.... ...i have Denise Austin s Shrink Your Female Fat Zones DVD and I LOVE LOVE it, so I decided to pick this one up. I am 
Sheer Garbage. I give this movie an A for avoid. Definitely the worst movie I ve ever had the displeasure to watch and yes, I ve seen Angel Eyes so 
DO NOT BUY. This is a ridiculous version of the original. In my haste to actually find a copy of the real Jungle Book I purchased this. Be forewarned...DO NOT 
Stick with import. Why American production make HK movies look so cheap? First of all, they cut off so much scene, second of all ruin it by making look acting 
What was the point?. I remember seeing this film as a kid and thinking to myself, maybe when I m older I ll understand the signifigance of this movie. But 
Well, it did arrive promptly ... ... after that it was a total disappointment. There was little to no useful information & constant repetition of the same interview pieces, historical 
Great Movie, horrible reproduction. There is something wrong with this DVD at chapter 5 where Sonny takes a hit of weed from 2 pimps at first I thought the echos 
A Disappointing Adaptation of a Great Novel!. The Door In The Floor is difficult to like, even, or perhaps especially , if you re a fan of John Irving s 
hmm. This movie is for liberals what the Left Behind book series is for Christian conservatives, it portrays reality how they want to see it. Its like they wanted to 
Give me the real video. If I want a book read to my little guys, I ll do it myself. At least then they get to cuddle on my lap 
Pervert propoganda. So you ve got this photojournalist took a spill at the track and he s just lounging around with not a care in the world and what does 
i tried, but it is not very good. its tough when you watch and work out to a video that has people leading that shouldn t be on film, this 
IT AIN T ROCKY!. Remember Fight Club with Brad Pitt? This is the Japanese version. A little grittier, less witty, and arguably more viceral, it evidently seeks to show what 
One Boxing match too many. Wow....remember how you d watch your favorite sports idol in their prime? Just simply dominating their chosen sport Ali in boxing, Jordan in basketball, Yankees 
Post - war propaganda. This film was probably made not to entertain the audience, but more to show as much as possible the reality of the terrible agresion on Bosnia. 
School of Predictability. Ryan Reynolds plays a smarmy, crowd pleasing new teacher who immediately bonds with all the angelic waifs in this fairytale of a school. He wins them over 
not 141 minutes and where the ----- is the music?????. A huge disappointment. First, there is only a documentary of 50 something minutes... just talk and talk and snapshots of 
Not the best of the poe adaptations. The editorial review goes on about how lavish a production this movie was. It really wasn t. Simply having a few cheap props, 
Great movie, horrible DVD!. Buena Vista the company that releases Disney films on DVD chose to not release anamorphic DVDs when they first came to DVD, so none of these 
bad drama clothed in shabby eroticism. movie about 2 women trying to con a pro at seduction. Mediocre dialogue with same acting and plot. The eroticism is wooden and tepid. 
This is terrible.what happened to REAL Yoga?. Why this woman starts yoga sitting on her legs is beyond me.I did Yoga in my younger years and did it at the 
Staying Lame. A better title for this cheap-budget film is Staying Lame, since it is nothing more than a shell of a plot featuring two well-known actors. When I say 
WOW. I cant beleve I done it again. I spent my money on anothe movie because of the reviews. Well first of I dont know what all these other people 
Unbelievably Bad. The acting and writing is atrocious and I was dumbfounded that some people would rate this movie highly.The little brother s spoken parts are so British it is 
 2 STARS FOR THE DVD AND NOT THE MOVIE... I just purchased the 2 disc, special edition of this movie, and here s my problem s :First off, I 
Is this a parody?. If it is, it s not even funny. Total disgrace to Handel s wonderful work. Peter Sellars thought this piece is just not good enough the 
Nihilism with an elegant hand. Everybody says how great this movie is, and one can see how the acting is first rate. The movie is very slow, but in this 
What a waste of time and money. There s nothing more frustrating than spending your time watching a bad film, a teacher once said to us; and nothing sadder than 
even worse than the 7th heaven remake. this is my vote for 3rd worst movie ever made.its dumb, theres no violence hardly, no blood and i actually got a headache 
Dreadful Film That Gives a New Definition to the Term Family Picture . Director of two `Scooby-Doo films makes another comedy without the eye-popping CGI of the funny talking dog, 
Batman. Very disappointed. The video has a bubbble in the plastic and does not play. I would like to exchange it. It was a Christmas present  
Never available - don t bother. I had the same problem as everyone else in getting any of the Infantastic dvds from Amazon. I waited over two months, kept getting 
The Schoolhouse Still Rocks!. For those of you whose children grew up with Conjunction Junction and other Grammar Rock songs, it is probably time for you to buy this DVD 
Luna Luneta. Sexo, Pudor Lagrimas Sex, Shame and Tears is director Antonio Serrano s Lucia,Lucia attempt at making a hip, sexy, fast paced romantic comedy that unfortunately trips over its 
What an annoying laugh track!!!!!!!!. Two of the greatest funny men in history with some of the most memorable comedy skits ruined by the laugh track!!  
What a waste of time... Recently there has been a surge of interest in &quot;fantasy&quot; type films. With the huge success of &quot;Lord of the Rings,&quot; I belive, people are 
Beating a dead horse. I tried it and I didn t like it.I d almost say read my review of the X-files 9th season and just replace any character names 
Nothing but soft porn. The novel of Wide Sargasso Sea was decent book. A re-writing of Jane Eyre s Bertha. But the film is really hard to tolerate. It starts 
Good ideas gone bad. Very, very bad. What an unfortunate film this is. Not just unfortunate because it s bad which it is , but because it has the potential 
bad screenplay, bad acting, directing, editing, nothing but bad. ridiculous plot, one dimensional cardboard-like acting especially leon lai s rigid dead-like-fish-out-of-water performance , incoherent dialogs, horrible editing and directing, every 
Not a First Choice. I purchased ABC s of Newborn Baby Care and another video called Bringing Baby Home . The ABC s video uses a baby who is not 
Nope. I was not into this movie at all. My mother recommended it to me but it was lame all the way through. A middle-aged man decides he wants to 
Scarring. This movie seems very popular with a lot of fans, but I have something different to say. I ve seen it, once, when I was about 5 1 2. 
Lamont. It s been a while since I saw this movie upon receipt. The fact that I don t remember to much that was interesting is evidence that the plot 
Greedy, greedy Fox..... It is no secret that the first season of the Big Valley was released with all the episodes for a very good price. I guess they must 
Couldn t wait for it to end. I thought for sure I would enjoy this, but I found myself looking at the time and wondering when it would be over. 
ok.. not a great movie... someone made a comment in these reviews about.. Have you ever screwed up unintentionally in a relationship? .. and all i can think is please, 
Waste of Time, Money, DVD Plastic, Waiting In Line, Script. I totally agree with all of the others. This Seagal movie was a total waste of anything consumed to produce 
Wretched!. Like many of the reviewers here, I am an Anne Rice fan. However, I knew that there were going to be liberties taken and was comfortable with them. I 
Leaving Las Vegas. Elezabeth Shue is always good, but Cage was pathatic. Story line droned on and on with a big flop at the end  
A let down for a vampire movie. I am a fan of vampire movies and collect them, from humorous to frightening. This movie was a let down. This was exactly 
Pure dookey. I want my 78 minutes back! Spare yourself - don t buy this cruddy film, and don t waste your time watching it. Think of all the wonderful 
Sex in quarantine. Maybe for some people, to spend 40 days without sex is not big deal, but in Matt Sullivan s case, it could be a total nightmare.After his 
When Sex is All that Matters... THE OH IN OHIO reminds us that late night suggestive sitcoms are still around only now they are becoming full length feature films: 20 
Save your money. No a very good video. Poor quality. Hard to follow. Very much a cheat copy of the movie Gettysburg.  
Seeing Other Movies. Ugh. An unfunny waste of an hour and a half. Even the DVD Menu Screen is painfully annnoying. This film boasts 2 awards on its cover, one 
High Hopes Dashed!. I followed the hype there was and eagerly anticipated the release of this movie. Pre-ordered the DVD when it was announced that this movie was going straight 
spare me............ Michael burned up an the doc blew up in Halloween 2, end of story, end of franchise. Money hungry producers and writers need to get a brain and 
Dissapointed. We had all the Little People VHS and DVDs except this one, so I was excited to finally be bringing it home. My daughter now 26 months has been 
