Don t Waste Money. I am always up for a new genre of film, but the reviews here are misleading. The basic plot of the movie is that life sucks 
Not so good. I m a big fan of Jamie Kennedy s work with The Experiment!! And Brad Gluckman is one of my favourite characters so I went out and 
Rachel is worth it. I was very excited to see this, having seen the original cast lead by Marin Mazzie and Brian Stokes Mitchell on broadway. For some reason the 
Not for weight loss. This DVD is fine for beginners who would like some stretching, but there is no weight loss aspect to it. I felt deceived by a cheap 
The Men who Fought for the Honor of Saving America s Worst Actor. After its disturbing and frighteningly chaotic opening sequence, this film swiftly degenerates into another typically stupid, arrogant 
Can t believe I wasted my time!. This wasn t a very entertaining movie at all. I guess I am one that likes to be happily entertained when I actually 
I wish I could go lower than this. This is horrendous movie. I will never claim it as the movie of my generation. It s one of the many reasons 
What it ain t. Well, it ain t noir! Ellroy should sue for what has been done to his book.What it is: It s incomprehensible, because most of the actors 
Difficult!. Am I the only one who found the basic workout difficult? The pace was too quick for me to get the right technique in the poses and even though 
our daily bear. i gave one star beacuse it is not color this very old movies i want some in color about depression i have the prombleof the derpression of 
Great 80 s time capsule, but a fairly lousy movie. Less Than Zero was hailed all over the place when it was released....hailed by all but the critics. Sure, it 
 Is That All There Is? . I generally admire Jennifer Aniston s work so I picked this up when the video store offered a second rental free with the 
Not for Young Kids. I saw this movie a long time ago and had forgotten all but the basic plot. I recently purchased the DVD thinking it would be a 
time to pull the life support on this trash. i can t believe that they got money to make this movie i use that term loosly . the plot has 
ruined by its own precocity. Set in 1986, Ballad tells the tale of an ailing wealthy counterculture environmentalist Jack and his teenage daughter Rose living on an abandoned commune. Years 
Fine Cast but Movie Struggled. This is a movie about coming to terms with the death of a loved one. Diane Floss gets murdered as she enters adulthood after getting 
disapointed. i was verry disapointed to see this movie because i wanted to see the real movie and not a musical movie.i m still looking for the real real movie 
ONLY FOR LUCY DESI DIEHARDS!. This is a terrible movie. When it came out in 1956 it was a box office bomb even though both stars were at the height 
Terrible Movie - Dont waste your time!. This is the worst movie I have seen all year. It was hard to follow what was happening - you couldn t tell 
TOO HOT IN B&W SHOULD BE IN COLOR. this movie was shot and released in eastmancolo  
Not really bad but could ve been a lot better. The series main flaw is the repetetiveness of the storylines, somehow even though I watched the episodes back-to-back I still 
Awful. I thought this movie was absolutely awful.It is one of the worst movie s I have seen in quite a while.You keep waiting for the movie to get interesting, 
Where is he going with all this?. Noam has been around for quite some time and has a wide audience of follwers. Mr. Chomsky is highly critical of US foreign 
Warners day off. I am a huge fan of the old MGM musicals and have been more that happy with the restoration quality on every DVD transfer issued by Warners 
This goes waaaay too far - unrated version. First of all - even though most of my friends hate them - I must admit that I do enjoy watching some 
This set blowwwwws. This set was produced way too early. Disney made too few of these sets although at the time it was released only 15 percent of Americans had 
not what we expected. Ordered this for my 2 year old. I didn t realize it was only about the number 2. I thought it was learning about numbers, part 
Annoying Mill Creek Logo. The selection of movies in this collection is mediocre at best, but that s more or less expected. What isn t is the Mill Creek logo 
Avoid if you like Vampire Movies, and if you want to see good acting. There are very few movies that I haven t finished watching. This now goes on the 
Not good. This was not Miami Vice. It was a cop movie with the same characters as the tv show. I realize they were trying to make an updated version 
Hendrix?. I really thought this movie sucked, so much so that I couldn t watch the whole thing. I have been a Hendrix fan for a long time, and he 
This movie s horrible. This movie is so bad, Kids should not see it. It s like a kidergarden student wrote this movie! You know what they shouldve put in? 
Shame on Showzen. For an incredibly amazing, hilarious show, it is a shame that something that is normally closed-captioned when aired on television is not really captioned when released to 
AN Awfull Film. I turned it off after 20 minutes  
An ironic anachronism, replete with Hollywood PC shibboleths. You can tell this movie was released in 1998 because you can still see New York s Twin Towers standing, and because 
What the..... Honestly, nothing about this show grabs me. I m surprised this show gets such high Nielsen ratings every week. The writers tend to come up with similar stories 
An arrogant waste of time. I liked Ocean s Eleven but this movie was just ridiculous. Someone seemed to think that if you get enough big celebrities in one place 
Flat acting , no energy. Poor casting, poor acting, unconvincing characters. The leading lady had no energy. There was no excitement, sexual or otherwise. Boring. One of King s worst. 
Interesting Premise Based on Celebrities Secret Fantasy, But Still Needs More Thrills and Actions. `Paparazzi, produced by 20th Century Fox and Mel Gibson s Icon Productions, looks exactly like any 
Say what?. Nicole Kidman gives an absolutely lifeless performance as the interpreter of the title in this curiously flat Sidney Pollack film. THE INTERPRETER is unique as it is the 
Three hours you ll never get back. I can only imagine how painful it must of been to &quot;act&quot; in this film. After the first half hour it was like 
Mediocre comedy. Having seen the movie once I would definitely say that I will never come back to it again. May be I have overgrown this kind of movies. But 
Mud. Slow,dull and done on the cheap ....stick with Zulu and read your history book s ....far more entertaining  
Hallmark does it again....drag out drama. The standard Hallmark background music plays for hours on end. The world seems to be coming to an end due to a super nova. 
Not good... Just rented this dvd and was quite surprised. Normally, I m a big George Clooney and Matt Damon fan. However, in this film, their talents were underutilized and 
THE BALL WAS DROPPED!!!!!. Watch Phantasm 1 2 and 3 and 4 in that order and it s clear how badly the later 2 suck compared to one and 2 
Another teen movie, by adults, that hates kids. Never mind s that it s pretty stupid - John Tucker Must Die, like a lot of movies about high-schoolers, actually hates 
Too Cheesy. I used this video in the 90s and got rid of it after a while. Now I am back into fitness and got the DVD based on the 
unsuccesful attempt at something different. 1 2You at least gotta give `em points for trying.That s about the best that can be said for the people who made Brick, an 
South Park: The Down Years. Definitely rated five stars if your under the age of ten. Adults beware. These guys have run out of ideas since the first season and 
0 STARS: LORD HAVE MERCY!!!. The Church is nonsensical rubbish. I know Dario Argento is weak on plot, but this movie is absurd. It s interesting how Argento does such 
Snore. Don t let the cover fool you, this film isn t half as fun as you may hope it is. Maybe it s my own fault, but I was 
This Star Does Not Shine. So-So story about a man s relationship with a less than pleasant child star and said child star s mother.Like that old Dickie Roberts movie, 
 In Good Company is not good company. In Good Company goes on and on at the end a little bit, and the ending especially is not fulfilling character plot-wise. 
Mediocre DVD Transfer; Average Sci-Fi Movie. For a 2-disc, director s cut, my expectations were perhaps too high for this DVD. Nevertheless, I was appalled at the poor quality of 
Wild Orchaid. This movie was NOT good at all. Other than it has beautiful people with real nice bodies,everything else is a waste of money and time  
Bee boop, boring!- Not for Cardio Lovers. Searching through the Amazon FIRM DVD s, Lo and behold! New ones! I was very excited to get this. Once the DVD arrived, 
Disappointing and Forgettable. I watched Fast Forward, and I will not purchase the dvds. Fast Forward left behind the complex, well-written, and nicely animated TMNT series of 2003 . With 
Sterile, derivative and plastic... ...just like Hollywood and just like the music industry which, I guess, is the point.John Travolta, playing on his character from Get Shorty and, to a 
Simply doesn t stand up to evidence. Friendly fire incidents resulted in over 5300 American deaths during Vietnam, 50 Israeli soldiers were killed in these mistakes during the 6 day 
Power Rangers is better to watch :-|. This movie is so unbelievably horrible, I am pleading for you to rethink watching. I haven t seen something so bad, since, well, 
Lightweight. This film has been mentioned in the same breath as so called hood films such as Clockers and Menace 2 Society, I had heard it was set in a 
A merciful two star rating; Look for future Arena Football Def. Coor. Stan Davis as 1 child actor & funny bit about Cheap Trick. Surprisingly sleaze and Chauvinismby female Director 
The Most Unintentionally Creepy Film EVER!. This has been playing on Here-On-Demand for quite some time now so I decided to watch it. This has got to be the most 
Why was it censored. The American DVD was censored, the way they censored Wild on E!. Maybe the american moral is different from all others. How would americans censored a 
Boring. This is a one-time watch. It is most definately a home movie with very unprofessional editing. I was hoping for at least one or two songs to have a 
Don t Get Me Wrong... I feel I should preface by saying that I love this band to death. However, For Fans Only is pretty shoddy. Every negative comment listed 
Just Awful. This is a dreadfully plotted and dull affair. Avoid. Dull stories. Dull characters. The setting is nice, but that s it. If you like Foyle s War, I 
the most depressing movie ever made. I was 17 when this film came out. My girlfriend and I had just invented sex. We were enthusiastic about our invention. After sitting 
Awful. Can t remember seeing a movie this bad in, well... ever. Tom Cruise s Flannagan can t get a job in the biz world, so starts tending bar at 
not impressed. I do not understand what the hype about this dvd is. I baught it according to [] reviews, but unfortunatly, was very dissapointed. I def felt a burn 
Big Fat Nothing. Take some talented actors and put them in an age old story of smart kids versus dumb adults and you get more of the same. Really, is 
Embarrassing. I didn t even want to see this movie, but my brother read the book and wanted to see it. We were unaware of the fact that this wasn 
See Breaking Da Vinci s Code for the actual facts. Da Vinci Code Decoded is merely an uncritical rehash of the same, supposed, facts that Dan Brown attempts to put 
Fact is stranger than Fiction. I am a fan of historical fiction, and this has to be one of the most historically inaccurate films I have ever seen! What bothers 
Pretty Forgettable. I bought this for the Jeffrey Dahmer and John Wayne Gacy documentaries, like I imagine you might. I m not disappointed really, I don t regret buying it 
Can We Fix It?- No We Can t. This show is extremely stupid, including that blue machine, it is stupid, and if this ever made a movie I would give 
Don t Waste Your Money. This is quite possibly the worst movie I ve ever seen. I really enjoyed Single s Ward and thought I d give this a try. 
Thumbs Down. Regardless of the new extras and restored scenes, this dvd has a terrible video transfer. Horizontal edges have more edge enhancement than even the infamously bad SWEP1 Phantom 
Too much star power for this quiet movie. A quiet deliberate movie ultimately suffers from having too much star power. No matter how scruffy and wain the filmmakers try to 
Very disappointing. I found this DVD to be extremely disappointing, especially when compared to the 2002 FIFA World Cup Highilights DVD by Reedswain and I don t think Reedswain has 
HORRIBLE - MADE MY SON CRY - DON T WASTE YOUR MONEY. Growing up I loved watching Scooby Doo cartoons. The mystery, the scooby snacks and of course, Shaggy & 
Lame. It s been about 7 or so years as far as I can remember since I last saw South Park, and I have to say, I just remember it 
Let Viewers Sleep--Dull Film Without Action. Plot ending analyzed After reading so many positive reviews of this film, I went through an extensive search in an attempt to find this 
You get what you pay for... terrible film-DVD transfers, and yes, you get 50 movies for about 13, but look at the titles carefully. if you feel you can enjoy 
Very Poor Sound. I have the VHS tapes of both of these concerts and the sound from the two DVD discs fell far short of coming anyway near the tape 
one of the worst ever. I had the clever idea to compare this version with the new movie.What a mistake. The original pink panther is an absolute bore. There is 
Yuck; they should have left well enough alone. I was eager to see this movie, having loved the original American Werewolf movie; but was sadly disappointed. I didn t care 
Joan Crawford was ashamed of this film. There are so many good Crawford titles yet to be released on DVD that you have to wonder why they are releasing this 
Typical rom-com for genre bullock affleck fans only. If you ve seen one you ve seen them all. Uptight guy by chance meets quirky girl, she brings him out of 
great video game = bad movie. One of the greatest video game fighters in history, excluding Mortal Kombat, Street Fighter s popularity eventually produced excitment for a feature film, even 
Amatuer Camera Man. Love Michael Buble, but this was more like a home made movie of someone using their camcorder from the audience. Parts of Michael s head was cut 
Poor Release of Movie. I found this movie very poor and totally a waste of my time. It s plot needs to be rewritten and it does not contain a 
not good. If your expecting a documentary with the clarity and production value of End of the Century or Filth and the Fury THIS AIN T IT! Picture taking 40 
Do you wanna know a... Do you wanna know a secret? I promise you that you could live without ever finding out. This movie s only secret is who the 
Bad Quality of DVD. Very disappointed with the DVD quality, it is even worse than any new VHS tapes. Even at the first time I played it, some part was 
Domestic Life Well-Acted, But with Little Insight. Some people praise `We Don t Live Here Any More as one of the realistic portrayals of two married couples, tired of lies, 
jazzman. Jaw dropping BAAAAAAAD. Embarrassing to watch. Can we sayBOMB! ... Not a shred of value or depth. Yuck  
disapointed. i was verry disapointed to see this movie because i wanted to see the real movie and not a musical movie.i m still looking for the real real movie 
A Disgrace to a Great Game and Animated Moive. I thought the animation was terrible. This was nothing like the animation done for the other Street Fighter movies. They were 
stick with the classic the bad seed instead. this must have seemed like a great idea at the time, cast culkin against type as a killer child and show his 
A look into the future that s stuck in the past. Science fiction without innovation imagination or risk. Titan A.E. should have been an epic movie full of thought provoking 
ORIGINAL IS BETTER~!. If you want UNCUT ORIGINAL version, ALWAYS look for ORIGINAL LICENSED Production. NOT US Release. Its a foreign film, it should not be US version to begin 
Nope. I was not into this movie at all. My mother recommended it to me but it was lame all the way through. A middle-aged man decides he wants to 
I liked Intolerance better... Ugggh! On top of being dated and boring, this movie is so RACIST! Intolerance wasn t so fun either, but I liked it s theme better. 
how can animation be STILL?. I wish I had seen the reviews on Amazon before buying this video. There is nothing moving in this video - it is essentially voiceovers 
dismayed with Dr. Suess. This video leaves much to be desired. Especially the scene in &quot;Horton Hatches an Egg&quot; when a fish came out of the water and shot himself 
Not the Best. I prefer the Shrink Your Female Fat Zones DVD with the balance ball. I really don t like the resistance strap with this one and I will 
IT IS AWFUL MOVIE!!!!. this movie suffers from being moronically and mind numbingly pathetic and stupid. Jerry O Connell tv s Sliders, tv s Crossing Jordan , Ryan Reynolds The 
depressing. Firstly, I m a huge fan of Jackie Chan and his work, but I just can t give this movie a good review. It is one of the most 
I wish I could give this 0 stars. This movie was a piece of crap! I ve never seen a more poorly thought out movie. It had NOTHING good in 
I m sorry to write this.... ...because I feel I m being, in some way, sacrilegious but this film was a very poor attempt to portray an extraordinary person, at 
First one=intriguing, second one=biggest mistake ever, third one= redemption. Now the Second one is pretty bad and tries too hard to be as good as the first. It is very 
Where is the old hunter Buldeo?. The best of Rudyard Kipling s Jungle Book stories took place in the man village because that s where Mowgli meets a superstitious old 
Embaressing. While Riot Act 2002 is probably the bands most strongest album yet, the tour that followed definitley was not.Onstage Pearl Jam don t even look like themselves anymore, well 
Good price, but... double sided disc?I don t know... I don t like the idea of those discs.They are bound to have more scratches, fingerprints and so on when you 
An astonishingly conventional film that isn t nearly as subversive as it thinks it is. Let it first be said that everyone who considers themselves a serious student of film 
What a Dog!. Musicals are historically slight in the plot department, and this movie is no exception. Three stars: one fading, one rising and one coasting do not help matters 
 Three different gynecologists have proposed marriage to her! . Overly predictable story about a high school spaz who inherits a billion dollar porn company where apparently all the women 
A disgrace to any integral female. There are two main female characters in the plot: one is a man-eater who will sleep her way to the top although she may 
Trinity is great. This movie isnt worth the time to read this review. It sucks and I m a big Trinity fan. My advice is keep searchin  
Shameful Amityville. Oh what a tangled web we weave... when Amityville fans we try to deceive. There is so little that is appealing about this train wreck of a movie 
Political propaganda is a horror unto itself. I was thoroughly enjoying the Master of Horror stories when I hit this clunker. Some eps were better than others surely but this 
Worst treatment of one of the most under rated TV shows ever. To charge a ridiculously high price for an abridged release of any TV series is a crime. In 
Exploitation Versus Art--Ingmar Bergman s Oscar Winner and Wes Craven s Shocker Tell The Same Tale. There is an interesting comparison to be made between Ingmar Bergman s classic The 
Not Impressed. Sure the acting and the direction are adequate Robson Green is a charismatic screen presence -- certainly a cut above most American TV crime fare. Alas, the story 
Very Disappointing... Hmm...a Call of Cthulhu silent film. Sounds interesting. Sounds like everyone loves it..It just isn t very good. I was more or less in agony watching it and 
Hartnett s accent blows. I like hairdressing.This movie is abour hairdressing. And Professor Snape is fabulous as the Hairdresser. And so is Matt Sullivan, the wise cracking boy who has 
Good but about 10 years too late. I have been a long-time radiohead fan and, like many others, have been waiting patiently for a live DVD. So I was thrilled 
an exercise in film making; not a film; 2 10. Roman Polanski, whom I m none too big a fan, is quoted as saying People like Truffaut, Lelouch and Godard 
Big Time Rip-Off. I don t know why people want to do this to their fans... It s too expensive for what you re getting... a few videos. There s 
Okay, But Could ve Been Better. This movie was kind of disapointing to me. I thought it could ve been a lot funnier than it was. The performance of Britnay 
A slow paced drama!. Despite the some edition problems and the presence of lagoons in the script, the story retains its interest. A disturbed woman in his early twenties, who 
WHAT?!?!?!?. First, in all fairness, I haven t seen this movie. Why? I refuse to watch so called horror films that demonize snakes. Snakes are NOT evil, people, they are 
Torture for historians. A friend had just bought this DVD. I happened to be visiting. He wanted to show me how the special effects had been used in creating the 
Would have been better had they not called it DnD. Basically I m a fan of B-Movie fantasy films as well as a long time DnD player. I can say 
Great Anime, Bad Anime DVDs. Why is good anime often under represented or under understood if that is a word ? Greed. FLCL is a great anime. But it s 
Rudolf, Go Play Your Games. I never liked this story. First of all, I didn t like the island of unwanted toys. I also didn t like the way the 
The Beginning of Disappointment. As a big fan of Ralph, I was looking forward to The End of the Affair. Maybe my expectations were too high, but this movie is 
Not entertaining. Actually not much of anything... This DVD set doesn t look professional. Cheap camera work combined with ok at best music make this DVD a mildly entertaining 40 
The second dvd is much better!. I purchased this dvd because I own the 2nd one and like it so much. Boy, was I disappointed! The abs diet people must 
BAD BACKSTREET BOYS. If you ve ever seen a David DeCouteau movie Brotherood, Leeches, Werewolves of New York you know what to expect: a homoerotic mishmash of ridiculous plotting, hunky 
NO BLOOPERS!!!. I hate to say this about such an amazing show, but unless you can find it for 19.95 or less, do not buy it. This season does not 
King Tut??. I took my grandchildren to see this movie. After the movie we went to have ice cream. My oldest grandbaby who is ten asked me, Was King Tut 
Another cover-up?. The content of the DVD National Geographic - Is It Real? Da Vinci s Code appears to be very badly researched. Assumptions made by National Geographic are presented 
contrived, implausible crime drama. Four Brothers is yet another nail in the coffin of John Singleton s increasingly moribund moviemaking career. The director - who burst upon the scene in 
It s bad in a very bad way. I try very much to be openminded when it comes to horror movies, but this? It s so bad my eyes started 
A disappointment if the little things matter. I bought this season which really should be season 3 of Baywatch episodes because I am a die hard fan of the show. 
Technical problems render this oater virtually unwatchable. This undistinguished oater is made much worse by technical problems. It isn t a bad little western, and the two lead roles are 
Another over rated movie. Please do not compare this with Clock Work Orange. It s shame. This movie is shame on director. Cutting many heads or killing more bodies does 
I wouldn t ever watch this movie again!. When I saw this movie, I knew that all of the truth wouldn t be in the film. I just didn t 
Take Me to your Greenhouse Baby. This film is a bunch of disjointed skits. Thy try too hard to be campy; however with not enough lead and no finish each 
Starts well, goes downhill. Secret Things starts well, but descends into a plot about vindictive females and males, involving too many characters, none of whom are likable. Toward the beginning, 
This dub is sickening, Why did Sonic X have to be ruined in English? Especially Series 2?. If this was dubbed well, I would rate this a 5, I love 
American Pie: The New Lampoon. Is it just me or is American Pie becoming another National Lampoon type thing where they just create a bunch of weak, strait to DVD 
 Who would want to kill the sweetest woman in the world? . I knew I was in trouble with FOUR BROTHERS when I saw that Josh Howard of SPORTS 
A drama? A romantic comedy?. This was a black comedy that unfolded over the first 30 minutes of the film, revealing one surprise relationship after another, until you realize that 
For DVD... THE MOVIE KICK@SS!!!! HOWEVER, DO NOT BUY THIS DVD... STICK WITH PREVIOUS 1 Disc Set DVD... It s exactly same DVD except... Disc 2 contains M:I:III Trailer and 
Amazingly Average Low Budget Feature. Not surprisingly, the AFTER DARK FILMS are weak or average...The hype is silly.If you want a movie too scary or whatever for general audiences may 
Just my 2 cents... I ve loved this film forever. It s a yearly viewing at Halloween for me. My VHS was looking more and more worn out, so a 
Soo primitive. The movie is a about a guy, who does a lot of work and no fun and then feels sorry about that. That s pretty much the whole 
A Misfit Copy. of The Fast & The Furious movie and only 20 of the movie time contains racing, Simply the movie is an advertise for a Misfit car called 
Title misleading. We thought we would hear more of Bill s well known here s your sign routine - what you get in this DVD is some stand up routines 
Mud. Slow,dull and done on the cheap ....stick with Zulu and read your history book s ....far more entertaining  
A sad history. I was kinda disapointed by this film.Hardcore and punk can sometimes represent what is beatiful and what life should be about. But this film is just sad. 
Annoying and obnoxious. This is a ridiculous and pointless film. The terrible dubbing only adds to the displeasure of viewing this film. The story is non-sensical; the shocking parts of 
The book is fascinating; the movie fails it. I m a retired attorney. I enjoy crime novels and the movies that bring them to us visually. However, this movie simply 
No Habeas, not much Corpus, and definitely not Delictus. I hate lawyers.What is a lawyer, anyway? Basically: it s a telemarketer in a decent suit, a guy who would be 
Ryan Gives Standout Portrayal in Noir Misfire. Robert Ryan never delivered a bad performance. His memorable portrayal of a Tokyo crime boss is the best thing in House of Bamboo 
empire of the wolves. So whose brilliant idea was it substitute Jean Reno s trademark french accent with a bloody yank s? What a total let down, the entire appeal 
They have certainly got some explaining to do. Parents and children who loved the other Leap Frog DVDs about letters, words and reading will find this one disappointing.Advertised as beginning 
Sad to say this lowered my opinion of David Cross. Don t get me wrong--like a lot of you looking over this DVD, I like David Cross s stand-up comedy 
 mumbles... mumbles... mumbles... . When I first picked this up back in 2003 when 50 Cent was hot, I was thinking highly. I mean, a full-blown documentary, music videos, 
Very wearying tale of nonstop bloodshed. I m a fan of Miike, but Izo is just too much. There s no plot whatsoever, just a poor unfortunate reincarted samurai wandering 
Predictable But Entertaining. I liked this movie, but I can t for the life of me tell you why. It features Nicolette Sheridan as Donna Randal, a wife and mother, 
ok.. not a great movie... someone made a comment in these reviews about.. Have you ever screwed up unintentionally in a relationship? .. and all i can think is please, 
Terribly Disappointed!!!! Curse Words!!!!. I purchased this movie for my 7 year old twin boys birthday thinking that because it said the rating was PG that it would be fine. 
One of the most overrated films of all time. The best thing about this tiresome mess is the stunning cinematography and Scorsese s knowledge of New York personalities. But the 
iNCREDIBLY STUPID FILM. This film really made me angry and pissed off I bothered watching it. The characters were cardboard and I can t believe Ingrid Bergman starred in this 
 A Promise is a Promise . It Could Happen to You was a bit of a disappointment, considering the makeup of the cast: Nicolas Cage, Bridget Fonda, and Rosie 
Not Even Entertaining. Chris DeBurgh should get a marketing manager or at least someone to keep him from embarrassing himself with a product like this one. Half the time, even 
just ok. the show lost it s zip by season 7. the chemistry wasn t the same. the scripts had gotten watered down&you could sense a show just going through 
Blame Michael Flatley... ... for giving every dance studio and popular dance genre the hope that they too can be the next Riverdance . The dancers are all talented, if 
Worst of the films to die for. The worst of the set GraveDancers there was not one likable character in this one I didn t care about any of them, 
It is worth seeing, but Michael Morre missed the point. He thought the columbine incident was about gun control. It was not. It was about anger and bullying. That is 
Not quite as boring as Second In Command. Again as a Van Damme fan I m disappointed. The Hard Corpse is slightly better than Second In Command but still boring 
THE 4TH DISK NEVER WORKS HAVE REPLACED 3 TIMES. I GIVE UP I LOVE THE DVD BUT CANNOT VIEW AFTER 3 ATTEMPTS THE LAST DISK ..I ALSO HAVE 3 DVDS 
Movies leaves questions. The movie never does explain the bed in the basement? & it does not explain who is seen by Abby sneaking around outside?Movie was going along fine 
Not all that great, but in all fairness.... I did laugh and was mildly entertained and never bored with thisone. The DVD commentary also includes some other storiesthat are also 
A rotten tomato in a golden box. This is a relatively well-made ballet DVD among others. However, the cheesy performance really is not worth such a luxury. Compared to the 
WRONG TITLE. THE ONLY THING I SEE WRONG WITH THIS MOVIE IS THE TITLE BUFFALO SOLDIERS. WHY WOULD THE PRODUCER OF THIS FILM DISHONOR THE AFRICAN-AMERICAN ARMY MEN WHO ORIGINATED 
 R -Rated movie, NOT PG-13!!! Buyer beware!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I ve read the other reviews and I don t know what version they got but the DVD I received has more 
Booooooring. I ve been had is all I can say, after reading other reviews I really thought this would be an interesting, exciting movie. Instead, the story is lame, the 
not as avertised..editted movie. the movie is good except this version has been editted and cut out sceens, very disapointtin  
If Only Life Were That Simple. In GOOD ADVICE, director Steve Rash presents a view of upper class urban life that is supposed to be funny in a slapstick sort 
no fun at all. Loosely connected to the first HM of 81, this sequel has a single tale of lust and immortality in place of the anthology of the older 
Hunting dvd... Not the show. I m sure this is a lovely dvd but it wasnt what i was looking for. There is no other information that informs me what 
Another Chase Film. Company Business, 1991 filmThis film starts with a simple deal. An imprisoned Soviet spy and 2,000,000 will be exchanged for a captured American. The deal will be 
This is supposed to be a comedy, but where s the proof?. This isn t funny. It isn t well directed or scripted. Perhaps it could have been great, if 
Boring and dated. I ve been wanting to watch this film for over 20 years, but sadly, like most other films of the era - The Longest Yard was flat 
One of the worst movies I have ever seen. Saw this on the box last night. I sat through the whole thing just to see if it would improve - 
What was the director thinking?. This movie really sucked. It was very sad. What was the director thinking? Rent it first before you think of buying it. It s not 
Good movie but.... I find this movie to be a really good young people s movie. There is a lot of a somewhat realistic fantasy mood here. Good songs, good 
Dumb Story. This is the worst Asian movie that I have ever seen. The story is dumb and doesn t make any sense, especially the ending. And to top it 
Not worth the money. I just got this in the mail today. I was thrilled and excited to put it in, especially after all the great reviews.One word to sum 
April s wet blanket. I appreciate the effort. I really do. Especially from a woman filmmaker on a tight budget. I applaud the movie for that reason only. 1 star 
Disturbing. I may have once considered this movie to be somehow romantic, like so many other reviewers. But, that would have been during my single days or during the years 
The difference bewteen the two series. Theirs, ours. The original British series The Office: Like watching a clever, intelligent, and hilarious comedian Robin Williams, for instance perform a monologue that 
Well that was tedious. Well folks, looks like we may have the most over praised movie of the current millennium right here. Crash comes close, but that film has a 
Story was good, acting good, singing??? What singing?. Sorry, if one is casting for a MUSICAL movie, one should actually cast actors who can SING, not just actors who have 
Buyer Beware False Advertising. The movie is great the one star is for the dvd.Just want to let everybody know this version doesnot have 2.35:1 aspect ratio, it s the 
waggy mcwaggster. Man! this movie is soooooo boring. I literally slept through this movie. If I die not having watched it again ill be happy. i dont even know what 
2nd rule of fight club dont buy fight club WArning Spoiler . this movie is flat out doa. great filming great acting. BAD Screenplay!during this year that fight club came 
Notice that all the 5-star reviews are people involved with making this trash!. everyone who has rated this film over 1-star is involved in the making of this crappy movie. 
Where s The Action ?. I Bought This Movie On DVD And Now I Wish I Didn t . First Of All Where s The Action And Adventure ? The 
My Own Personal Hell. This is the first time I delved into the HellRaiser series, and I have to admit, I kind of regret it. The film opens with a 
Great Classic Needs New Transfer Badly. There is no reason to wait any longer for a better transfer of this classic. There was a Japanese laserdisc release fifteen years ago 
BOYCOTT THIS GARBAGE! EDITED MUSIC LOW GRADE PICTURE AND SOUND!. This is really irritating! This show at least in the early years is as good as any show ever was! 
Wish this rating system would go all the way down to 0.0.0.0. Nothing much to say exept Worst movie I ve evere seen. I d recommend Cat. 6 Day of 
Better not shown. I imagine this movie might be funny if you re really into dog shows. I m not, so I couldn t tell you. Mediocre at best. This 
Silent but deadly dull. I feel like a bit of a Philistine for not appreciating this silent German comedy more. Despite many interesting visual flairs, such as the inventive set 
Crichton s Japan. This is the Jurassic Park mentality of dealing with xenophobia. You just treat the Japanese or any other foreigner with the same awe and fear that you 
I give it 2 stars for it s unintended comedy. Thank goodness my wife and I rented this movie because it is a one-viewing-only experience. We are introduced to Patrick 
DVD keeps sticking while playing ...will need to return. DVD sticks at time during playing. we played it once and couldnot get thru the movie,,,,need to return. i think that 
Clint s Worst Film - Hands Down!. Throughout his long career, actor-director Clint Eastwood managed to avoid the pitfalls of Bad Cinema. However, there are a few wretched exceptions, such 
Blind buy gone wrong. I bought this without previously knowing anything about it, not knowing it was a sequel. I was taken in by the title, and the blurb. That 
Very weak narrative, but some nice takes. The narrative is very weak up to the point of being embarrassed for those who wrote it.. But--the takes are nice and it 
Would recommend ONLY for someone who has never attempted to play a guitar. I bought this book for my son who has never had a lesson but has been self 
live or memorex?. After listening to The Power of Love, it was clear that Celine was either lip syncing or singing along with a taped version of the song. Any 
all humans must go. this is a horror movie in the sense that it is incredibly grating and all the people in it act like total garbage. I don t 
No Way. Only one because...great actors, totally unbelievably bad plot. I also didn t like the overly synthesized background sounds or the music. Old b w movies have had better 
DVD IS NOT THE ORIGINAL DEMON MOVIE SCENES CUT OUT OF IT. I would have given this movie 5 stars instead of 1.This is without a doubt the scariest movie 
Uneven plot, unlikeable characters and just plain worthless... When I first started watching this movie, I couldn t help but notice that the plot sounded familiar. Well...the plot is not 
I have got two words to descibes what I thought of this... AND THAT IS BORING AND SNOBISH! I watched the first two hours of this and coudn t keep 
And the bolchevik propaganda continues. This documentary is filled with bocheviks lies to reinforce the mantras against the imperial Russia. It was a religion war to destroy christianity and culture 
Same Time Next Year Comments. Not a bad movie...not a great movie. Ellen Brustyn was great  
Don t even steal this movie!!!. This tripe was horrible. The only reason i gave it 1 star is because of the bus wreck that was very gory. Besides that, 
Just plain Bad. The so called acting alone will make you want to toss it out the window. Don t waste your money on this loser  
for die hard fans only. I really love the first Nightmare on Elm street movie. the rest of the series are just absurd and borderline ridiculous. I thought this movie 
Thanks for the nihilism, Eastern Europe!. Nothing more than a retelling of the Merry Melodies classic, The High and the Flighty. In the 1956 toon, Daffy Duck sells torture devices 
wish I could get it to review it. I ordered this DVD the week after Christmas from Amazon and still have not received it yet - just got a email 
Miscast & misdirected to the hilt... Nearly 3 hours of posturing & bad accents except for Jack Thompson - why it is only Brits & Aussies can do justice to 
Hey WB !!! Put out the season box sets already!!!. Warner Bros. has consistantly failed to please fans with their dvd releases of their animated series. They fail to recognize 
Pretentious and Dull. Personally, I found 8 1 2 to be one of the most boring films I ve ever seen. It was a pretentious, self-indulgent trip down the director 
A Horror Film. This is more of a Rorschach Test than a movie. You may takethis film as an 80 s cautionary tale about the dangers of extra-maritalsex, a feminist 
TO MANY THINGS GOING ON AT THE SAME TIME. I FELT THIS MOVIE WAS A WASTE OF TIME AND THE DIRECTOR SHOULD NEVER DIRECT AGAIN!!!! IT TRIED TO PUT EVERYBODY 
Jack Warner Was Right..... During her Warner years, Bette Davis constantly lobbied the studio to let her play Mattie in a film of ETHAN FROME. Jack Warner was sure no 
Unimpressed. I only caught the 2nd half of this movie on tv last night so can t comment on the movie as a whole except to say that I am 
Another Gay HIV Demon Infects Another Innocent Wife YAWN . Intensely homophobic, heterosexist, and hateful, this film represents the twisted fears and logic of the early panic stage of the 
Wish I had known. I wish I had read the reviews before buying this DVD set. I was stunned when I started watching the first disc and the familiar and 
3 terrible movies, 1 low price. These 3 awful soft core erotic thrillers are some of the worst movies ever made.The only reason to watch them is to see a 
Worth Seeing Once Maybe, Then SLAM on the brakes. So I got this movie free with my new PS3 and was thinking sweet, now I dont have to rent or 
Don t let go of your old copy, this is a mixed blessing. 1 star is for the DVD, 5 stars for the movie. I don t need to say 
Not my cup of tea. I rented this movie because I like Luke Wilson and I was in the mood for a romantic comedy, but I was very disappointed. There 
Curious Mix: Some Good Acting & Lousy Script. This movie verged on a 3-star rating just because I really liked 75 of the acting. The script and story have little 
original is better. If you want UNCUT ORIGINAL version, ALWAYS look for ORIGINAL LICENSED Production. NOT US Release. Its a foreign film, it should not be US version to begin 
 I can t see ya, but I know you re here. I can feel it. . The story of Wim Wenders Wings of Desire is told through images and 
too loud. When the background music completely overpowers the dialogue, you may as well turn it off. The background music was piercing and I needed to have the remote in 
If you find another source... If you find another source for this movie, pursue it!I liked the movie very much, and saw it first produced on Showtime Entertainment. This copy 
Boy, do I miss Luke, Han and Leia. Years after its release I find myself writting what I consider a completely biast review for this film being somewhat of a 
The Cruel Sea. This is one of those unfortunate attempts to translate a tremendous book into a two-hour movie. Good try but it didn t work. The Cruel Sea is 
WORST FILM EVER. I have seen many pathetic films in my life. This topped them. Did I rate one star? Sorry- I meant negative 11 stars. It was the absolute 
Disappointing. I m giving this dvd a 1 star not because all three episodes are crappy but because 15 is such a let down. Don t get me wrong, 13 
where did they go?. I came to learn of AFI as many did unfortunately through SING THE SORROW. it was allrite, but i never really got into them untill i 
Disappointed. The cast is great! Not sure how they got the stars to do this movie The story line about an aging Robin Hood and Maid Marian as a nun 
Good Production--ripoff price!. 35 bucks for a 3 hour documentary! Please. Some good stuff though, esp. when the family talks about the insight to some Hendrix lyrics. I never heard 
No spanish subtitles??? We re insulted. We re huge Monk fans, but how could they tear-out the Spanishsubtitles for Season 4? This is an outrage and an insult.We re two 
nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo. this movies horribl;e its so stupid the babies are gross and sooooooooooooooo annoing see spongebob or hey arnold or fairly odd parents skip this  
Possibly the worst movie I ve seen. I purchased this movie without reading the reviews, based only on my fondness for older movies and the other movies I ve seen 
stupid. I love Vincent Price and have many of his movies but this one I wish I had not bought. It is really stupid. It was one of his later 
Spacey must have had a double!. Spacey s character moons the press near the start of the movie. However, the moon was hairless and curvy. In American Beauty, Spacey showed 
Don t let the cover fool you. Ok, I m sure Cal Pozo is a good guy and a great instructor but the cover is WAY TOO MISLEADING!!! Don t 
Worst. Movie. Ever. OK I have seen a lot of bad movies but this one takes the prize for worst movie ever. I am generally a big fan of 80 
Not what I expected. I read the only review for this item and ordered it, expecting to see a fantastic display of sound and some of the interaction of these 
not even good. When I purchased devils rejects this movie came free. I watched it and hated it.Its about a sick individual who is on the internet trying to get 
I wouldn t recommend it to anybody. I like Marlee Matlin and some of the other DVDs in the Baby Einstein series so was looking forward to this one. It 
Brings back memories but ultimately it disappoints..... Yep, like many viewers I watched this when I was too young and was scared for like weeks on end and couldnt get 
Had Higher Expectations... This movie could have been summed up in 30 minutes. I fell asleep several times trying to get through it, good sleep aid, not such a great 
I love David Cross but. this movie was kinda boring. Not enough of Cross standup. Also when there was footage of his stand up, it wasnt that funny  
The Four Feather Bore. Sorry but if this movie gets better with time I wouldn t know. I was too impatient and bored to wait. If a movie doesn t 
Somebody Made My Point. Based on a true story? If this is true then it is more horrible than being a fictional fantasy. Did anyone witness this woman being raped? 
not for most people. I cannot imagine an audience for this movie. It is flat, disjointed, with poor production qualities. It smacks of a film trying to be really artsy, 
Still updated even after all these years!. I have been looking for a copy of this movie for a long time now because I wanted my kids to see it. 
Teen Titans......NOT!!!!!!. I normally don t write reviews on items so trust me if I take the time to write about how absolutely bad this DVD is it means something. 
Poor Quality DVD. The quality of this DVD is very poor. I would not recommend purchasing this item  
a very scary terrorist. The plot revolves around a loanshark and his confederates. The cabby terrorist is really a backdrop to the major scenes but brilliantly done. You actually have 
Good Story Idea. Wooden Acting. Apparently, this is a film that many women, who have read the book, can make enjoyable.Characters, including Anne & the Captain, display wooden acting. Poker-faces. 
The Four Feather Bore. Sorry but if this movie gets better with time I wouldn t know. I was too impatient and bored to wait. If a movie doesn t 
Yaawwwwnnnnnnnn. This movie is offensive and probably would be beyond hurtful to children actually caught up in our foster adoption system. However, the biggest issue this film has is that 
I disagree with J. McCormack...it is horrible. The movie is frustrating and a big disappointment. And, what is the point of everything being so white? Is there some deep meaning 
Great for tango fanatics but maybe not for others. This movie did have some great music and a few very interesting dance scenes, but overall comes across as a slow 
Not that great : . I enjoyed the other Pilates for Dummies workout video, but this one was not that great. First I did not like the instructor. Her voice 
Boring and quite uneven. The three stories are quite uneven, being the Wan Kar Wai s segment the most interesting: well acted, well photographed and with a kind of catchy 
Truly Disappointing. After I read Erik Larson s wonderful book The Devil in the White City I was fascinated by the brief glimpses at Holmes story. But this documentary was 
Quote for Never Die Alone. Theres ups and downs in this movie. To me mostly downs.When I first seen it in theaters i loved it. So when Igot the DVD 
Overwrought. Sorry to be the nay sayer here gang.But, this puppy s going out with the next trash pick-up.First off, can we talk MISCASTING here of Patrizia Ciofi? Like, come 
 Original crew Trek movies started to get silly with this one. I wanted to like Star Trek III, but it was bogged down by a thin plot-line, weak action, 
Average at best, but good role in here by Webb Wilder that his fans... MAY WANT TO PICK UP ON  
This DVD was dark and hard to view. Though I like the stories in this series I was disappointed in the quality of the DVD. The picture was dark and 
Laugh Out Loud Bad!!!!. Take Hammett s The Glass Key and be sure not to credit it , muck it up with pointless violence, mix with stilted, often inane dialogue 
This is innovation? Keith, you need to stop!. This DVD is buttersoft, a joke on the Keith fans once again. Seriously, why would such an amateur effort get Keith s 
TIME BETTER SPENT ON SOMETHING MORE UPLIFTING. INTERMISSION was filmed in Ireland and you have these Irish actors with their heavily-accented English, which is wonderful but hard to understand at 
1 of da best movies i have ever seen. i enjoy this movie very much it is da looked at 2 underrated actors Glynn Turman preach and Lawrence Hilton Jacobas 
Could have been better. Well, i rented this from the video store, and i am awfully glad i used a coupon to do so! this movie could have been so 
Some amusing points. First of all whats with this DVD including #1 and #3. What happened to the second movie. The best part of #3 is that apparently halfway through 
Ugh - its widescreen. The film is great, but I was extremely disappointed because I didn t realize that it is the widescreen version - i.e., it doesn t cover 
UGH, ack, pt-ewy!. Murial Hemingway is the only thing worth 5 minutes of your time on this one  
Too late!!. I totally agree with the previous two reviewers. Unfortunately, I got this DVD before they posted their reviews. I came back here to warn people not to be 
Too bad I ll have to forego........... The many reviews I have read of The Merchant of Venice make me thirst nearly unbearably to purchase this DVD. However, I cannot, 
Not good... Just rented this dvd and was quite surprised. Normally, I m a big George Clooney and Matt Damon fan. However, in this film, their talents were underutilized and 
poor and lazy. With a very good scenario and a fantastic Kris Kristofferson the film is slow, over male attitude, and finally poorly made and boring  
the squatter as hero. In terms of both format and style, Rent - despite its superficially modernist tendencies - has its roots firmly planted in the grand old operatic tradition. 
jamie lee curtis must have been offered a ton of money to come back to the series, at least i hope so. pretending that 3-6 never happened don t we 
Par for the course. A boy has a college interview at a small academy and meets the other guys there. And they talk and talk and talk and talk and 
A vain attempt. Like my title suggests this movie is a vain attempt to take credit from the first movie to sell sub-par music to a new generation of viewers. 
You ll never get this time back, so take my advice and don t do it. Brittany Murphy and Holly Hunter star in this way below mediocre romantic comedy about 
Better Off with Seasons 1-3. Without a doubt the season had some pivotal moments. But too few and far between and without a clear story arc for Sydney. The return 
So Bad. Awful...Truly awful. Joanne Sellar and Daniel Lupi producers of Boogie Nights and Hard Eight should be ashamed of themselves and so should the Weinsteins for producing this piece 
The movie we lesbians love to hate!. OK, OK, we ve all had years to take pot-shots at this semi-stinker of a movie...What I hated: the acting is pretty bad, 
Hellhounds on my Trail: Lost Scent. &quot;Hellhounds on my Trail&quot; is a disappointment. The legendary Robert Johnson, perhaps the greatest blues musician in the history of this country, is unseen 
Legends Of The Dull. More predictable than an old TV Land episode of Bonanza and much less entertaining, this story of an anti-government rancher and his three sons, one the 
Ratner is a lousy film maker.... This man is like Michael Bay. Using high speed action sequences and terrible casting and script writing, the fact that Chris Tucker appears in 
You get what you pay for!. This product was a bad choice for me. It was a poorly done product. It was washed out, the quality, both audio and video 
Confused by this classic . I am convinced you have to be one of three things to enjoy this film: male, born before 1935, or a huge Monroe fan smitten 
Not a First Choice. I purchased ABC s of Newborn Baby Care and another video called Bringing Baby Home . The ABC s video uses a baby who is not 
Horrible. Samuel Jackson, Juliette Binoche...I thought it s gonna be a wonderful movie. To my greatest disappointment this was one of the worst movies I ve ever seen in my 
Amazon are sick for selling this. The fact that Amazon are selling this sick footage...well, let s just say that legal action is pending.  
Give me a real Pilates instructor,please. After working out from another Pilates instructor,I fould this one hard to take.Then I observed that it was her voice,why is she speaking like 
Movie great, DVD substandard. The sound on this DVD is absolutely horrible. The dialogue is at a much lower volume than the music and sound effects, making it impossible to 
Uninteresting one-dimensional characters, interesting art. I have seen several films about Van Gogh, all which were fascinating. In each Van Gogh was a character that was portrayed in a manner 
What a disaster!!!. I thought this movie would be fantastic with its all star cast of superb movie stars like Kevin Kline, Meryl Streep and Lily Tomlin etc.Instead the movie 
Worst. Movie. Ever. OK I have seen a lot of bad movies but this one takes the prize for worst movie ever. I am generally a big fan of 80 
Who wrote this?. Waste of time. I turned it off. The extra features were slightly interesting. The actual film was just a vehicle for the creators to show themselves dancing. 
Like Chewing on A Handful of Sand. Man oh man...I love documentaries and character studies.Crumb, Capturing the Friedmans, The Thin Blue Line etc...But THIS...my god, the mind boggles at the 
Blood is thicker than Water: Gory, Flawed---& Beautiful. Nobody in Hollywood would deny that the movie business is War. And as we all know from General Sherman, War is Hell.First-time 
Pure Hollywood Garbage. Simply BAD!. My husband and I LOVED the original Amityville and were SO disappointed by this remake. With the special effects we have nowadays I thought this 
Racist Jokes Unfunny. Let s face it; some of the jokes are funny. The one about Mike Tyson been like someone else s bulldog let loose in the room was 
Read the book instead. If this movie was ever going to have a chance, it needed to be about 4 or 5 hours long, or never attempted in the first 
This just didn t do it for me. Maybe I loved the original one too much, but this version of the story did not work for me. I especially was 
Total disappointment!!. Blech! I really like all the young actors that were in this movie and expected it to be really funny and cute. WRONG! It was a bizarre combination 
One for the garbage can... If you are a Blackmore fan stay away from this piece of crap because during the guitar solos all you will see is Gillan shaking 
Tim Allen is a talentless moron!. The Santa Clause is just another stupid movie starring that no talent lowlife Tim Allen. Bottom Line: this movie isn t funny, Tim Allen 
Last Van Damme for me. Van Damme will keep making these awful pictures until fans like me quit buying them, I quit.The shame is that his new movies are most 
lots of visual style.......little substance. me and my partner are both real open minded people who enjoy a huge range of films. And we do really like The Thin Red 
Knocking The Rock . This film is about as weak as I remebered it to be when I first saw it 50 years ago. I only took it because it 
They re bound to disappoint, I suppose... With few exceptions, CIGARETTE BURNS I think we may all be coming to realize that this series and its vignettes are by in 
 O Please!!!!!!!. For me this movie is a painfull thing to watch. I wish that I could give this 0 stars. The infamous fake O scene kind of recked 
Buy the other version -- the Tai Seng release. I would like to give this version 5 stars, i love the movie, but this is the Dimension release which only 
dont bother. It is ok if You want to see it, but I wouldnt recomended to buy it, cause I wont see it more then the timne I saw it, 
when a great actor meets a godawful director. ed harris was perfectly cast as artist jackson pollock. sadly, he was also the producer, and hired a horrible director. a director 
Sliding Scales. This is the first movie I have seen whose rating slipped further the longer it played. Eight Women is the story of, well, eight women, who are trapped 
CRAPPYDOOO!!!!!!!. NEVER EVEN SEEN TONY JAA TILL THE END!!!SAVE YOUR MONEY ON THIS FILM.,IT S NOT WORTH IT!!!!!!!!!!!  
Crammed a 1 hour movie into 3 = BORED out of my mind!!!. This movie is quite possibly the biggest waste of Christian Bale and Colin Farrell to date. It 
a sorry movie. I wrote a huge review for this and don t know where it is but let me give you the short version. They don t continue the 
not worth the buy. dont buy it not enough action but rent i  
Do nit buy this item @ marketplacesales-vmh. Buyers beware! this company claims to have DVD s in stock and will hold your money for weeks.Don t you want your DVD 
ripped off. Never received the movie and have not heard a single word from the seller despite my emails  
Not funny. Jamie Foxx is very talented AS AN ACTOR, but he does not even hold a candle to the top comedians.If you watched this and thought it was funny, 
Absolutely Horrible. I watch a lot of stand-up comedy and this by far has to be one of the worst I ve ever seen. The jokes are all old and 
Horrible. This is the worst sequel I have ever had the displeasure of seeing. I knew it wasn t going to be as good as the first one ,but did 
No When the sun goes down . Wouldn t you think with the title of the collection being When the sun goes down that it would actually include the video 
you can record these episodes for free. As already stated Disney did not say that these were not new and we were very disappointed to discover they were ones we 
Dated and Dull. The central idea of this movie is the activities a 1920 s Robin Hood and his band of gangsters. Unfortunately, even the Rat Pack cannot save this 
REINVENTING THE WHEEL. The flight into New York had been a long one; but I was gently revived when Kirsten Dunst met me at the airport. She was to be 
Watch out for cheap copies. I ordered this and got a version from Beverly Wilshire Filmworks, not the version in the Amazon product listing. This is a cotinuing problem if 
Who is the protagonist?. There are a few funny scenes in this film Bobby-Bobby-Bobby-Bobby... ; but they are too few and far between to overcome the chief flaw with the 
I must have received a bootleg version. The additional features on this disk don t work. When trying to access them, your given a totally different thing. I think this 
SENDING IT BACK. I cannot rate this item because it came DEFECTIVE. I have not been able to view it. VERY disappointed by this transaction. I plan to send this 
Did I miss something?. I saw this movie about 20 years ago when it was on Cinemax. I fell asleep while watching it then. I bought the DVD as part 
Dreadful movie from the big hair 80s. A dreadful movie depicting men as macho s# ! and women as tarts. This was made in an era when people wore revolting 
Not what I expected. Sorry but not even my kids wanted to finish seeing this video. They never touch it again  
Disappointed. This movie needs a serious steroid boost on creativity, believability, and budget. AND can we say... just squish the leeches already. Not worth your time  
Hmmmmmmmmm. Ok I gotta start off by saying this is without a doubt one of the WORST movies I have ever seen, if there was a zero on that star 
Even the 1971 Zodiac movie was in the theater longer than this flick... And that s not saying much. Believe it or not, I actually liked this movie. Well, to 
Absolutely waste of money!!. I bought this DVD a while back from Amazon. I was very disappointed with the dvd. It s a joke!,really. He was worse than the beginner 
Butchered for your protection. Trying to make a film concerning Studio 54 for a mainstream audience is a really bad idea. It s just not possible to do it and 
Euuuwww......Creepy!. This movie creeped me out and not in a good way. Johnny Depp is an awesome actor and I usually find him sexy but in THIS stinker I find 
 Mr Funktastic??? . Bulletproof Monk was quite a disappointment, considering the presence of Seann William Scott!A Buddhist monk with amazing martial arts abilities is trying to avoid capture by 
Don t bother. After reading all these 5 star reviews i was confident I had myself some real, sick, perversely arousing to my macabe taste and this over-priced movie was 
Bab really Bad in a bad way!. I had heard alot about this movie when I was a kid. So when I saw it on DVD I though it would 
The DVD I received is messed up!. The soundtrack does not match the film you are seeing, and it is really irritating. It s off by a few seconds. I 
A devoted Murder She Wrote fan but DVD quality is not good. I came here to Amazon recently intending to buy this DVD boxed set as I love Murder She 
 Fear as subtle entertainment . PLOT REVEALED An utterly worthless foray into English overbearance and haughtiness, this film marks Hitchcock as a worthy propagandist and architect of fear as 
OK for its budget. This is a low budget with a script that had great promise. This action-packed military movie stars Wesley Snipes and Emma Samms. Both of these actors 
What is the hype???. This movie was so extremely boaring. I made it to the part where he said, I think I m pregnant, then turned it off. Get this 
Extremely Disappointed!!!!. I fell in love with the Anne of Green Gables movies when I was a little girl because of they were such lovely interpretations of the L.M. Montgomery 
apalling. This is probably the worst film I have ever sat through. Completely unfun and cruel. You a sick person to want to buy this. Watch it once maybe yes. 
Pathetic. I first viewed this as a VHS about three years ago as part of a research project. Not only is the Tai-Chi and Yoga useless, and the girls completely 
Cheap Switcheroo... Originally placed the order for the non-Thinpak release as Amazon had listings for both the original-style 5-discs box set and the new slimline Thinpak.Seems MGM decided not to 
Worst video game movie. We rented this movie, knowing it wouldn t be an Oscar winner or anything. I ve seen some bad movies based on video games and comic 
If you liked the original theatrical release... If you liked the original theatrical release which was the first version of the film that made it to DvD and own it, 
i guess you have to be in the right atmosphere. Well, I recorded this movie last night on Starz and watched it this morning alone husband had gone to work 
Another disappointing Marvel movie. Who s idea was it to put Jessica Alba as Sue Storm? Chris Evans s portrayal of Johnny Storm was somewhat disappointing too, although not as 
Not impressed - A Big Disappointment. This dvd barely worked and didn t do any good. This might be good if your potty training a boy. It is very boy 
2 stars for the movie. 5 stars for the extra features. The extra features on this disk are well worth the price but the movie itself is full of holes. 
I can see why this was rated Youth . You d have to be either a young kid or young teen to enjoy this shallow, pointless trash. The characters are 
he fell off.. pablo francisco is like michael jordan on the wizards. he just isnt as good as he used to be. i hope he proves me wrong in future 
The film deserves NO credit. Disney thinks that people are too stupid to read the great stories that they changed. I am so mad at Disney and their movie Hercules 
A very long political attack ad. I was trying to think of the best short description of what this is. Sure it s a propaganda film but that doesn t 
Wonderful film, terrible DVD. I ll leave comments about the value of this movie which I love to other reviewers. what I want to warn buyers about is the rediculous 
VERY anti-Christian. The movie has many none-too-subtle VERY anti-Christian elements, particularly in the typical Hollywierd portrayal of money grubbing Christian TV Evangelists and Christians themselves as stupid zombies; life as 
Cracked DVD. While the other DVD was fine. THis DVD was probably defective as it cracked as I removed it from it s case  
Naughty but clever. Yes. Wild things is what I recommend for our jaded eyes. Aren t we sick of all the crowd pleasing PG-13 shows which are neither sexy or 
What A Silly Movie!. Why the production team of this movie didn t film in New Orleans is beyond my comprehension. When I first saw this movie, I could see 
Loaded deck shoots blanks. Considering the sensational cast Eli Wallach, Terrence Hill, Bud Spencer, Kevin McCarthy and Brock Peters , the Euro-western era it was made in and the locations 
Disappointing. When Fantasia came out in 1938, it bombed. Many years later, the movie received the acclaim it deserved. Fantasia has enchanted me since I was a child, and I 
Blech...Horrible!. What a disaster! This movie is a complete waste of time from start to finish. The animation is ugly, horrible, and unrealistic and the three stories are bland and 
We all know this is a good movie, but.... AVOID AT ALL COSTS! I bought this for a little over 15 at another store and returned it within a week...Horrible 
For Die Hard fans only?. I was disappointed with this DVD. Other reviewers made it out to be an amazing performance, but I have a feeling they re just sending 
Morvern Callar: Requiem for a Plot. The pretentious film goer has never had a greater ally than Lynne Ramsay s Morvern Callar.What is little more than a bland stew of 
I bought my DVD copy from Amazon. I love Sophia Loren as an actress however this DVD as 3 movies in one package is a very very very poor quality 
I m astounded. at the ratings. This is one of the worst films I have ever seen! Terrible acting, storyline and special effects! I actually threw it out. It makes 
Boy Is This A Stupid Movie. Forty years ago Hogan s Heroes worked because it was pure farce and its German POW camp was acceptable as a setting for a 
The worst movie I ve ever seen. There are cinematic masterpieces, and there are films that really make you feel the producer knows how to use film to its fullest. 
Not in good taste... Although I did buy this to entertain my 2 1 2 year-old daughter, I had to turn the movie off within the first 5 minutes. In 
Sound is So Bad Almost Inaudible!. Ok now I am afraid to try any other Our Gang DVDs! No one mentions how poor the sound is, so that it it 
What a soundtrack. Too bad the movie couldn t keep up. This movie is one of cinema history s seminal examples of a soundtrack carrying a movie to success. Saturday 
sum of all stars? zero!. Maybe no one noticed but towards the end of the movie when the Russian President and Jack Ryan are talking to each other through the 
Slow research film with some good gore scenes... Fans of the Beyond might want to watch this for the Frankenstein-like man living in the basement of a creepy old house 
Adam Sandler pumps out another mediocre movie. The movie the Longest Yard staring Burt Reynolds is an absolute masterpiece, a movie that didn t need any remaking. This movie, the 
disturbing character, but kids love it. My son loves this video, but I find the character Francine a little over the top. She is just plain mean!No adult ever questions 
zzzzzzzz. Hey all ! I highly do not recommend this movie. First I can not understand how this movie shattered the box office? Is this really the best that a 
No OAR = No Sale... A fun movie for sure; but where s the theatrical widescreen edition? Sorry, but I only purchase DVDs displaying the film s ORIGINAL ASPECT RATIO 
A Celebration of Hopelessness. I give this film one star for the acting, which is often very good. However, the plot and message of this film revel in hopelessness, and 
They Were Onto Something... This is definitely one of the strangest superhero movies I ve ever seen. Daryl Damon Wayans and Kevin David Alan Grier are two brothers who grew 
Damaged Package for DVD. DVD came in the mail ripped up. DVD lose inside package  
Beware! Close-out-goods Amazon are DVD Pirates. I just want to let potential marketplace buyers of SALO that the seller: closeoutgoods and other Amazon marketplace sellers are selling pirated bootlegged editions 
Are you serious?. I bought this DVD for my sister who is expecting. I see that this DVD won awards but I don t know how. This video is cheesy 
Avoid this one altogether!!!. Between the amended politically correct ending to this famous tale and the so-very-hokey interaction between Kirstey Alley and Lloyd Bridges, I couldn t wait for this 
The Product has not reached me yet. This is bring to your notice that the product that i have orderd has not reached me yet. I request you to do 
Do yourself a favor, skip this dud. This is one party I m glad I wasn t invited to. Celebrity couple Joe novelist and now director and Sally Therrian actress 
not as avertised..editted movie. the movie is good except this version has been editted and cut out sceens, very disapointtin  
Defective DVD?. I m a fairly dedicated Blur fan, so it seemed that I d enjoy this DVD. The only problem was the sound...which was mostly distorted and sounded like 
Science???. The two principal personalities interviewed in the movie, theologian Jay Richards and astronomer Guillermo Gonzalez, are involved with projects and organizations that are busy rewriting science and history from 
ABOUT AS ENTERTAINING AS WATCHING MICHAEL JACKSON DRY-HUMP HOWDY DOODY. I WOULD LOVE TO SEE THE CAST OF THIS MOVIE DRESSED UP AS HOT DOGS AND THROWN INTO A CAGE 
A Paltry Shadow of the Original. Thanks to falsified dental records supplied by his former neighbor Nicholas Oz Oseransky, retired hitman Jimmy The Tulip Tudeski now spends his days compulsively 
not more then 183 minutes disappointment. Director Michael Bay had some good ideas about blowing stuff up but absolutely no clue as to structuring an interesting, intelligent and engaging story. 
Complete disapointment. This DVD is mainly about the cinematographer s ego, lots of artistic shots of nothing. Having heard and seen Glennie perform, I was hoping for some of that 
Confused. I like Japanese films, and really wanted to like this one. However I must say there are a lot of confusing parts to the plot. Now I have read 
Pure P.O.S. My god this is so bad and could have been good if it had a plot. The bad dude looks like something off H.R. Puff and Stuff and 
1 Good ! 2 Bad !!. Thanx For MUSIC Of James Otto. The Best Part Of The Flic. Watch It People James Is A RISSING STAR. James Otto Has 1 
DO! NOT! WANT!. Flowers in the Attic Jeffrey Bloom, 1987 I wish I could say that Flowers in the Attic is the worst movie I ve seen this year. Unfortunately, 
Ever seen a made at home movie? Nows your chance!. ... Now how do you start a review of this kind of movie. Was it a movie? When all of 
Movie sucks. Movie Boring...Story Drags...barely any action...if story drags should have atleast good story to keep interest but it had nothing...booo  
dirty deeds indeed. watching this film i felt i had seen it before . it follows the same teen movie cleshays that we know so well offering nothing new for 
Waste of talent...waste of time... This movie is a waste of time. I love Rosannebut her comic abilities are ignored and she is miscast in this silly film as it 
Big Mistake! Very disappointed!. I made a big mistake purchasing this DVD! What a waste of my 20.00. It s way too basic and very short. I didn t learn 
Speeding to hell. The story here dosen t matter. The main characters fuse into a missle of meth and insanity towards an explosive ending. Scwartzman escapes his fate temporarily and 
Not too Great. Unfortunately, this was one lackluster flick. The Last Picture Show was great; Texasville just did not get off the ground.Too bad. The cast was capable of something 
AUGH!!!!. So Close, and yet so far. I have been watching Swamp Fox since I was a kid. Unfortunately, one horrible night, I accidently hit the record button when the 
Not the same... When Pokemon first debuted, I thought it would rock, and Misty, Brock, and Ash would stay together as a gang forever, and Ash would love it to 
Needless Gore. This movie was as one of the most disappointing in its genre, far less interesting than Pulp Fiction and even below the level of Reservoir Dogs. It is 
Agatha Christie Fan. While the Margaret Rutherford portrayals as Miss Marple were highlyenjoyable, with welcome splashes of humor, the Geraldine McEwan portrayalsare better compared with those by Joan Hickson. It 
A few slices short of a pie. This one will be brief. The movie is an excuse for young actors to use the F word and demonstrate that cannot act. 
defective merchandise. I received the DVD and it skips, I was very dissatisfied. I would have returned it , but since I have never had a problem before, I had 
Don t Purchase. I think if you are sincerely looking for an experience of the Cross and the Christ of the Cross you should not spend one cent on this 
Bad one for Charlie. Charles Bronson is one of my favorites, but VIOLENT CITY is example of 70 s trash at it s worst.Boring slow pacing and a see-saw action 
worse zombie movie evar!!!. i don t even know where to begin, you would think after 28 days later and the reimaged day of the dead george romero would at 
Purchased for my nephew. I would never have bought this movie for myself - I think the movie is lame. I borrowed it from my nephew to see it and 
Okay, so it s a Sopranos wannabe, but it has its merits. Yes, it s about good fellas. Yes, it s peopled with alumni from the Sopranos weakly cracking wise 
A Horrible Movie. The first X-Men movie was fantastic. The second movie sent chills down my spine and was even better. This third movie was absolute trash and I will 
Needless Gore. This movie was as one of the most disappointing in its genre, far less interesting than Pulp Fiction and even below the level of Reservoir Dogs. It is 
save thyself, do not even rent this joke of a history retelling. I can make fun of this without mercy because everyone involved with the project made a billion dollars. 
I hated this movie. I never read the book, but I hated the movie. The acting was weak, the dialog was elementary and the plot was unremarkable. Let s hope 
ugly american revisited. If cruelty, sadism, and abuse are to your taste, then this is the film for you. It is a full-length feature expanded from the bucolic short film, 
WORTHWHILE. As slasher flicks go, this one wasn t that bad. The only obvious negative is the killer creature. It too closely resembled Swamp Thing and the outfit was too 
No Diamonds....Just Rough. This movie was so horrible I don t know where to start. Maybe I could start with the fact the actors were so horrible it was as 
Go home Smith. This is a terrible missues of one of Asimovs greatest novels. The relevance to the novel is only marginal.Will Smith is as usual doing a terrible job 
A Great Vehicle for Walken, but Script is Too Weak. For those familiar with and sympathetic toward the story of Whitley Strieber, this movie is worth watching once, although you 
I give it zero stars. Complaining, whinning, mumbling, beer drinking, bathtub soaking, unattractive Alison and her overgrown, teenage hairstyled, beer drinking kid of a husband and their apy middle daughter. 
Michael Moore is an idiot. This was a ridiculous documentary. I watched with an open mind, and after it was finished I was so irritated because he showed such a 
Too basic even for a new mom. There are about 18 chapters of information on basic newborn baby care. Each chapter is covered in brief one to three minute sessions 
Aerial Gunner. Typical of the war movies of that age. Very much the Americans are all good clean kids who will overcome injustice. I enjoyed looking at an America that 
Lordy. At its outset the update film version of Golding s classic novel is creepy and cinematically mysterious. We see the commotion as the boys try to make it to 
It s not Grease, it s lard!. Terrible follow up to the first movie. This movie does not hold a candle to the first classic movie staring John Travolta and 
Another Pac DVD?. Another in the endless list of DVD documentaries chronicling the life of late rapper Tupac Shakur. Running at about an hour and featuring interviews with KRS One, 
PC Version: Made for screen shot marketing. Pretty graphics, no art. Looks nice but playability sucks. Terrible keyboard controls, requires multiple clicks from scrolling lists to do simple things like 
BLACK YAWN. Remember when Steven Seagal was a hot property and his action films were decent? Well don t expect that in this wearisome retread. Seagal plays Jonathan Cold thank 
ITS OFFICIAL - BRAD PITT CANNOT ACT. Ive read reviews for this piece of schlock calling it a cult classic isnt that what they always call crappy movies that only 
Horrible Quality sinks DVD Double Feature. What is wrong with Artisan? Finally releasing the final two &quot;Prom Night&quot; films on dvd that were previously issued under the IVE Home Video 
Reiner s bomb. This is supposed to be a black comedy. In fact, it is an ineptly directed, unfunny, obscene mess. It features filthy language, the required men s bathroom 
THANKS.....BUT NO THANKS!!!!. Let me accept the fact that LOTR is my most beloved film and I already own the extended editions of the films in one set! I m 
Great book, disappointing movie. I thoroughly enjoyed reading Running With Scissors and was thrilled to learn that they were going to make a movie of it. Sadly, the movie was 
what s Up, doc. It is not as good as her The Owl & The Pussycat movie. It was more silly than I remembered. But it is nice to see 
ABSTRACT FILM BASED ON REALISTIC PAINTING. I think Grant Wood s painting American Gothic created in 1930 is a great piece of art not only American but in a world 
This movie is a clunker. Wasted talent. None of the characters are believable in the roles they are portraying. Some funny stuff. Craig Ferguson can do better. Charlotte Church should 
Best DVD Ever??? Umm, that would be a NO. I cannot believe someone would come here and say its the best DVD ever and the best thing on tv in 
A travesty of the Middle East. To describe Three Kings as absurdly comic is to describe a war as such. This film is filled with an excess of gratuitous violence 
NEGATIVE... Negative...The 1st season of The Batman was ok, but the second season ruled...third season is mediocre so far. I want the second season. The only worthwhile episode on this 
Midly entertainitng, but a bit off. Parts of this story are entertaining, but parts of it tended to bother me. What really bothered me was that Harriet did some mean 
bad baby, bad!. Okay, it s not high art but this film has something to say all be it in a round about fashion. It does make the viewer wonder 
One Last Dance. I am sorry but I was unable to watch this product as it is not for Australian viewing which I did not realise or understand at the 
Sentimental and fake. Having enjoyed LOST IN TRANSLATION, I thought I might like this one, which seems to have some sort of cult reputation-- why I can t fathom. The 
I want a good copy!. Way Out West is my favorite Stan & Ollie film. It is consistantly clever; the horse on the balcony, the head under the pail, the 
Belongs in a Litter-Box!. When I watched this stinker, I felt like sniffing it and covering it up.This is just another attempt to cash in on nostalgia. Obviously the producers 
Typical Horror Movie. This movie was alittle better then expected but not by much. The movie definently had a good choice for a cast. Each star of the cast did 
Classic film - Horrible DVD!. Raise the Red Lantern is justifiably recognized as one of the great films of the Nineties and one of the most visually striking movies of 
I didn t recieve the original. I bought this because the reviews visible at the time said that this was the original animated version - the one with the sad 
I never want to hear the word MAK..again. if you want to see a movie of equal quality turn on usa or tnt. the plot is about a women nak 
Broken by Sony Copy Protection. The movie itself was pretty good - however, there is a good chance this movie will not play in your DVD player.Sony added a new 
Lousy picture quality. I don t know what the last poster was thinking... This DVD goes to the top of my worst quality list. I wouldn t complain as much 
What?. I can t believe how many great reviews this horrible film got. The acting is laughable as is the writing. There are also many mistakes and inaccuracies! They depict 
These movies have not withstood the test of time. These DVDs are poor quality. Some have dubbed-in dialog, some are kinescopes from the 1950 s, and all are grades below 
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ. Me and a female friend went and watched this one in the theater. I ... was ... bored ... out ... of ... my ... skull. After about a 
WOW. Boy this movie was weird and psycho. I happen to like the weird movies but it was WAY off the psycho side for me. Friends try to cover up 
Silkwood Norma Rae Go to Minnesota. North Country has a few things going for it and plenty against it. The magnificent photography and gritty settings give a rare view to 
I would have picked zero stars but it wasn t an option. First of all, the only reason I started watching this movie was because my roommate got it and 
Too SLOW. Very beginner. Slow as can be. If you are just starting Yoga let this be your instructional DVD.NOT FOR THE EXPERIENCED.  
don t be &quot;con&quot; vinced into watching this. To be honest with you I thought the movie was really bad. the acting was ok but the only good part about 
This is an excuciatingly dull, BAD movie. As a lover of film noir and proud owner of most that are on DVD or VHS, I can say without hesitation that 
Unwatchable and barely listenable. Sorry - there is no forgiving the editing of this DVD. It is in a word infuriating. There is no way to connect with the living, 
 slice of life ?. I ve seen the phrase slice of life used many times to describe this movie, which makes me wonder - whose life is this a 
Knock-off of a knock-off.... Saw the knock-off series Jeremiah when it was the classic Star Trek episode Miri , in which all the adults past puberty were killed by a 
Some movies should not have made it past VHS. I rented this flick cause at the time it had 2 and a half stars. Wow was I horribly mislead. Some 
Don t bother with this dvd. Hands down the worst episode of the Masters Of Horror television show. It s dull, boring, and not scary. It will leave you scratching 
Good for a while, but, geez, then George Peppard shows up!!. The opening 30 minutes of this movie is pretty interesting. It reveals the Nazi struggle to launch the V-1 
HUGE disappointment. I was so excited to buy this video for my 3 year old daughter, as she is absolutely fascinated with My Little Pony toys, books, etc. What I 
The worst film ever... I am a big Steven Seagal Fan, and loved his movies in the 90 s...but I have to say that this film is the worst Film 
Not one of his best. Seagal teams up with a rapper, again. Plays slappy hand paddy cake fighting with some guys. Escapes from prison always fun . Then blows some 
Shallow characters, bizarre story. That s basically my two cents. Shallow characters, bizarre story. I am not the kind of person who usually watches romance films, but I do like 
Not what I expected. It s a narrative. I thought it would be the life of Buddha as portrayed by actors. Kinda dry. The cover art is beautiful tho  
Hold your nose. I thought Colin was sleeping at first. I didn t realize he was acting sensitive . It would be more interesting to watch paint dry, than this 
A Bing Crosby Christmas. I was very dissapointed when I watched A Bing Crosby Christmas. There was very little of his old Christmas shows and a lot of stuff I 
Better see Kill Bill and Storm Rider. Sonny fans, want to see Sonny Chiba, better see Kill Bill I & II Or Storm Rider Or Explosive City.  
bad disc made for unhappy gift. i gave this as a gift, but it turns out that the transporter disc would not read 3 chapters. the transporter 2 disc worked 
One of the worst films ever!!. I bought this DVD hoping that it will be a good one but it turned out to be awful and trashy. There is no 
No English audio track. Beware, that this DVD does not have English audio track despite its Amazon description. This is an outstanding movie, but Amazon has wrong data and issued 
Couldn t be more wrongerererer. As stated in other reviews, this movie is a joke. Granted the cinematography is good, and there s excitement, but if you film a pig 
A boring let down. When J.P. Kevin Bernhardt , a playboy club owner, buys a mysterious-looking puzzle box and mistakes it for a work of art, he has no idea 
I won t buy it... Someone just today told me I should see this film.What a disappointment to see these warnings of poor quality DVDs being produced by Fox Lorber.Oh 
An ironic anachronism, replete with Hollywood PC shibboleths. You can tell this movie was released in 1998 because you can still see New York s Twin Towers standing, and because 
What in Hell?. What in Hell is wrong with the AH sets? Why do we have to buy the same movies that are REPEATED the each box set. It s 
Great Acting but unbelievable story line. This movie has such wonderful reviews from both professional critics and Amazon customers that I was expecting great things. While I agree the acting 
What a Dud!!!!!!!!!!. Just saw this on TV today after seeing in the theater in 1986. It was a dud then and it is a dud now. I took a 
Walt Disney Would Never Have Put His Name on This. The Wild is under the Walt Disney Pictures banner, and even rated G, so I expected it to be a 
The guys can t act. I m not a professional critic or one that watches many movies. I just love 80 s movies and since this movie had good reviews, 
WAY overrated. I ve always been a fan of Roger Moore s James Bond, but what I ve discovered in recent years is that only a couple of his Bond 
Stuck in B Action Fomula: Seagal in Tokyo Still Needs Better Script and Above All Better Actions. So what do you think of this? `Out of Reach Into the Sun 
Watch out! Zombies! Oh wait, they re not zombies anymore. This movie was kinda stupid, the beginning was all thriling and boring, and the characters were really boring, the girl 
I Know Fred twoo. The personality of a Nazi brownshirt was one of a heightened need for acceptance. Fred Leuchter was painted as such by many people, some who knew 
0 STARS - it s like watching a recruitment video for the KKK filled with errors . I counted ~15 factual errors aka lies during Michael Moore s opening speech. 
Brang, Brang...They Shot It Down. Brangelina shooting big guns at each other didn t do it for me, no matter how beautiful they the stars or the guns are. My 
Boot Legged. The movie plays fine but it is obvious that Amazon sent me a bootlegged cd  
no title. What a disappointment! I remember Siskel and Ebert raving over this romantic comedy. Romantic, maybe, but comedy - never. Very predictable plot from beginning to end. And Rosie 
Poor HD-DVD. I own both Blu-ray and HD-DVD movies, and have been consistently dissapointed with all the HD-DVD s. They just don t compare to Blu-ray. The Hulk was not 
Remember when you thought talking genitals were all the rage?. Ultimately nothing more than a snuff film for girls who like to get it on with the same sex via 
Sealab 2021. I was very disapointed with the movie. But the product was in good shap  
Bond with no taste. Misconceived portrayal of James Bond 007 is not true to Ian Fleming s creation and cannot hold a candle to Sean Connery. No knowledge of food 
Based On Conspiracy Theories Rather Than Historical Evidence. In a very convoluted plot, Harvard professor Robert Langdon Tom Hanks and cryptologist Sophie Neveu Audrey Tautou are chased through the streets 
Cost me more than 200 dollars. I am a fairly active woman and a physician. I jog or treadmill daily and have been a yoga fan for years. I tried 
Getting Older Not Better. The Prisoner of AzkabanYoung Harry suffers as an adopted child and family servant. An insulting relative is blown away, and Harry leaves too. A magic bus 
UH...NO!!!. Don t even think about it  
Too Long Unnecessarily. Not very well done and boring to the extreme, overdone on the wolf character, definetly not a kids movie. Way too long and seemed to get stuck 
Why did they bother?. The books are witty and charming. This, in stark contrast, is formulaic schlock. Americans -- and much of the world s consumers -- prefer their entertainment 
The ending of this movie is SO STUPID!. Apparently, the Coast Guard only has one swimmer. When he disobeys orders and gets trapped in a sinking boat, their only choice 
Amazon Extremely Slow To Deliver. Item purchased Jan 30th 2007 and as of March 8th it still has not been shipped  
Deathcab for Ambien....zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. Touring is an emotional rollercoaster ...wow guys, tell me something that Steve Perry didn t cover about twenty years ago when Journey did their own my life 
No, thanks. I will not be buying this version. I have no desire to have a cherished Christmas classic with it s cover despoiled by an obnoxious picture of an 
My 4 yr old thought it was scary.... From a parents view I definetly thought this sequel was violent comparedto the first one. We saw this at the the theater, 
Outland on the cheap. I attempted to watch DARK DESCENT but failed. I saw enough to recognize that this seemed to be a remake of OUTLAND which in turn was 
Poor man s truth serum: caffeine and sugar. There is a pattern in Hollywood when it comes to drama revenge films such as Eye for an Eye. It is an 
Natural Born Killer s Y Tu Mama Tambien except not as 1 2 as good as either . Well I bought the VHS version of this film for three bucks 
Yawn. My main dispute with this Cinderella romance between young sisters and the conveniently available rich bachelor s from far away America -- it s rated R. Why did the 
Two hours of misery among losers. For me, my low rating of this film might be, at least in part, the result of having wrong expectations about it.I had heard 
: Sadly : Disappointed : . I am an Alice fan, so this is far far from my favorite. The first star I gave was simply because I love Kate 
Like to waste your time? Then you ll love this one. I saw this one in the theater after a friend of a friend convinced me to see it with 
this dvd sux big time!!!!!!!!. this dvd is a waste of time. it s just a rip off.i do muso shinden ryu iaido n i have to say the techniques 
I m embarassed. I am embarassed to admit that I saw this video several years ago; I give it 2 stars. I suppose the film quality is excellent, but in 
The Magic isn t There. This is a fantasy film about a family of witches in modern times. The Owens girls are hereditary witches, any man who loves one is 
In the shadows of Prague. This film is a documentary, not a movie. For those of you who admire European films with honest, casual nudity, this film may not be 
Role Model? Far From It. Jessica Simpson is a talentless bimbo. She is more concerned with shopping than she is with being a singer role model - a title that 
only has one hot guy--billy. I just bought this movie recently, and was disappointed with the results. I don t recall the amount of guys there was for the photo 
Only if you absolutely must have both versions in one set. My chief complaint stems from the seamless branching technique used on this DVD set. Instead of providing discreetly separate 
Awful. The depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned. From the moment they reached King Kong s island the movie quickly spiraled to 
Vintage Garbage - Modern Marketing. This DVD set is just plain awful.Obscure, bottom-of-the-sewer episodes replete with authentic 1950s television broadcast quality.Avoid this purchase like the plague  
Another Crime Against Humanity by Eric Shaeffer. Since, it would appear, all of Mr. Shaeffer s friends have weighed in with their positive reviews, it is time for some reality: 
Ugh.... She calls herself a singer ? She was lipsynching the whole way! Why can t she use her skanky abilities in adult performances? Sure, she can move and is 
The DVD Cover Sums It All Up. From what was a landmark study by ethnobiologist Wade Davis into the folk preparations in the creation of zombies and the belief system 
A big letdown. After reading the high praises on the cover of the DVD, I was expecting a good movie. But it s such a letdown. Compared to The Godfather, 
Pretty Bad Movie. Brokedown Palace is bad. How bad is it? It s pretty bad, man.Don t tell me I didn t warn you  
I won t say where the smoke is being blown... This film starts out so promising. It could have been a punchy dramatic piece about the nature of belief, and 
I don t care so much about the foul language. I m a big fan of The Sopranos so obviously the F word doesn t bother me but this entire 
lame soft porn. Teruo Ishii stretches the patience of his viewers again with yet another pinky violence offering, continueing the tradition of bad story line, absolutely lame sword-fighting choreography and 
The Rock and Vaughn stole the show. Thankfully I watched this movie having recorded it on my DVR so I could fast forward through most of the scenes with Uma 
Not a comedy. I found this movie funny in all the wrong places. It seemed so To me this movie was atrocious. It wasn t particularly funny in any spots, 
I didn t like this movie, but you do get to see Purcell s nude butt!. I think this is the worst movie I have ever seen! And confusing too! 
Cynical Dark Comedy: Fall s Way Short Of The Mark!. I really like dark-comedy. I actually prefer it to regular comedy. However, one of the most important things that I 
eastwood great as always, everything else.....eh. Being a big Eastwood fan, I bought this unseen and watched it for the first time last night. Eastwood is great, as always, although 
what a piece of trash. actually paid good money to see this at the local cinema ! went with a good friend who was a real fan of stokers novel, 
PURE CRAP. This is one of the worst horror movie I ever saw. I just hate it.People dont waste your money renting or buying this crap. If you want to 
buy the complete set of the show instead. this is the cut down version of the 3 hour pilot that universel released in theaters after the show went belly up 
defective merchandise. I received the DVD and it skips, I was very dissatisfied. I would have returned it , but since I have never had a problem before, I had 
gay film at its worst. Overrated; slapstick; stupid. This movie gives gay a black eye. Don t waste your time. If you want to watch men dress like women and 
Stupid Ain t Funny. Save your money. This disk is raunchy that s how Ron White is , but it s also not very funny, and it s quite short 
Not worth It. Okay, I normally don t believe in giving bad feedback on an item, but this is one that just isn t worth it. Unless you live in 
This idiot barely walks upright. the only thing you need to know about this DVD is that at the end of it he yells Pray for mother f cking war! 
OK, 5 Stars for the DVDs, 0 Stars for the inserts. Because...we never got the insert. All the B5 DVD sets come with a booklet, so when this one showed 
Problem With These Discs. Is anyone else having issues with these discs? When you first place the discs in the player, it skips over the main menus. Then the menu 
The Trip ...............................................to Hell. I was majorly disappointed in this mega award winning film. I give it a generous 2 stars because the actors were good and portrayed their characters 
Should sink 20,000 Leagues its so bad. This movie is apallingly bad. I found that it has only a casual resemblance to the Jules Verne novel. Aside from the Nautilus 
One of the worst movies ever. The other reviewer must be related to this director.This is ONE of the worst movies I ve seen, though right now I can t 
From the opening credits. featuring cookie-cutter travel log footage of Scandanavian scenery to the very last scene with 30 exhausted extras shouting God Save the King at three better than 
Could you last from dusk to dawn?. I don t know how I managed to see this gory splatterfest TWICE in college.It s a terrible movie next to that other 
should have been better!!!!!. given that the first one was made and broadcast in 1979,this remake should have been better than this. all this one does is to make the 
Not worth the effort. Though not a B movie, this just about scrapes the bottom of the horror barrel. An extremely elementary effort, I found myself endeared to no character, 
okay melodrama....fuller style. Army sergeant, Robert Stack, working undercover, breaks up a syndicate led by expatriate Robert Ryan, in this hard-boiled melodrama set against the urban sprawl of post-war Japan. 
Lecture format; math and physics references for audience. The moonwalk image on the DVD cover is misleading since there is hardly any mention of that experience in this DVD. Also, 
Meet John Doe. I purchased this DVD a while ago - FYI - A documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie. I went to the 
What????. I bought this for my dad s birthday. He is a fisherman. This movie is one of the worst I ve ever seen. Not entertaining, not funny, not interesting, 
Love Samuel L. Jackson but not as Coach Carter. Samuel L. Jackson seemed somewhat tame in this movie, yet still believable as a coach of a high school in a 
Not good... Just rented this dvd and was quite surprised. Normally, I m a big George Clooney and Matt Damon fan. However, in this film, their talents were underutilized and 
S.W.A.T. Aint nothing great about this movie. I think it moved along real slow. Not even that much action. This movie kinda sucked. If you want to save some time, 
A silly mess. Alright, I ll confess to a slight infatuation with Jet Li, but even that did not make this movie more than passable. The plot is all over 
Paycheck: A Forgettable Future. Paycheck is a disappointing and sometimes frustrating film because it clumsily toys with a number of potentially brilliant ideas without really knowing what to do with 
Dumb and not entertainingly dumb either. Ugh! SWAT is a miserable film. I remember when I was a kid and I d play at Cops and Robbers with other kids. 
Molotov cocktail please!. God what a turkey! But it was the 80 s afterall  
ron white? ron pale!. this is the worst performance i ve ever seen. i guess this is a pilot for a tv-show that wasnt picked up. good riddance  
Informative but difficult to watch. I purchased both of Annie Duke s DVDs. The information is valuable but as a No Limit player, I found the discussion of both Limit 
Lots of Promise, Shabby Delivery. I wasn t really expecting much from a budget-label DVD set, but I do pick them up on the cheap when I can find them 
Huh??. This is a rather peculiar film for Seagal, and the first thing that should be pointed out to any Seagal fan contemplating whether or not to give this one 
How good the movie. I seen this movie on saturday the 24 2002. This movie is soo good by the acting. There s pretty alot of action in this flick 
Seagal Saves the Day without Doing Many Actions -- So Boring. When I saw so-so actioner Belly of the Beast, I thought Steven Seagal was well on the way to 
Arguably the worst movie of all time... Camp Stories is a movie that ironically does not have a story, let along stories. David played by Zach Zaylor is forced to 
COMPLETELY UNEEDED CRAPPY GARBAGE!. There was no room for a sequel at the end of the original C.O.T.C. It said the end; so no sequel! not to mention that it 
Have Gun Will Travel - The Complete First Season. Its been over two weeks and I still haven t received this order or an email saying why  
Kate Hudson is the cute all-American girl-next door type. albeit with an attitude. She s stuck in a way too predictible formula comedy. All that is left is the particulars. 
I made it all the way through. Alright, second time I did. But I still enjoyed it. I went into this just hoping bolo would be in a few one-on-one 
Not received twice. I have ordered this DVD twice now and it has not arrived in my house. I am very upset about this as it was important for a 
MOVIE FEEDBACK. I AM PRETTY EASY TO PLEASE WHEN IT COMES TO MOVIES.LOW BUDGET,HIGH BUDGET,DOESN T MATTER.THIS MOVIE IS ACTUALLY THE WORST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN IN MY 45 
no one has mentioned... that this film contains nudity involving little kids!! the boys butt is shown as he gets out of the water.... i was 12 when i first 
a lot of effort, little substance. There s not too much I can offer here, since I found very little to grab my attention throughout this movie. A lot of 
Burr did not answer straight. Unfortunately I had already ordered these DVD s before I logged onto the bar method website, on the site there are news clips posted from 
lite film with some Fun&Hot chicks. the film is pretty lightweight on a whole but it has a nice charm with a well known Hollywood cliche in film making.I applaud 
Ed Edd N Eddy vol 2. I am a huge fan of this series. This for the most part was a collection of the worst of the collection. Wait until 
Wannabe Se7en. Bone CollectorUpon the opening scene of the movie, I was highly upset. It was only after the movie had begun that I realized I didn t buy a 
Too Bad, It sounded promising. I have never played a game that crashed so often. Very frustrating. it was fun until it would crash the first time in a one 
A Musical Museum-Piece. Oscar Ashe and Frederic Norton s musical retelling of Ali Baba and the 40 Thieves, Chu Chin Chow, made into a 1934 British film by Walter Forde, 
2 stars for Jennifer!. Ya know, with Will Ferrell and Jennifer Love Hewitt in this movie, I thought it would be an awesome movie...Well, I can t always be right. 
disc 1 shadow of the wolf has no data on it. I purchased the item listed below as a Christmas present so it was not opened until now. the disc 
leaves you hanging. Sports and movies - should be a PERFECT combination. Especially a story of a true sportsman, a true gentleman of the game, someone who loved to play 
disappointing. i had never known that there was a movie made about the life story of one of my very favourite singers patsy cline.well they needn t have bothered as 
Mostly a Waste of Time. The movie starts off very slowly, gathers a bit of steam, and then takes a plot turn that is totally inconsistent with the personalities of 
Now a longer version of a movie that was too long?. OK, the original is a classic and is what...90...100 minutes long? Jackson stretches it out to 3 hours and 
One of the worst zombie flicks ever. I m addicted to bad movies. Really bad movies. Ones that make you laugh at its pure inadequacy and the ones that are 
Does not live up to billing. I m a filmmaker, university film instructor, and author writer of film topics. I was excited to hear about this DVD because, to quote 
Nice flying sequences - shame about the plot!. If you like watching F-86 Sabres pitching, yawing, rolling, shooting, and crashing then this film might be for you. There is plently 
Burr did not answer straight. Unfortunately I had already ordered these DVD s before I logged onto the bar method website, on the site there are news clips posted from 
Why? What s the point?. There are enough reviews of the main movie story so I don t need to add anything in that regard. But, what on earth does 
Pathetic. Stupefying and moronic is the most apt description of this waste of celluloid. Though made during the Cold War, its portrayal of Russian people is unfairly mean-spirited and in 
Not so good, unfortunately. I was a fan of the campy Batman of the 60 s. I loved Bruce Timm s vision in Batman: The Animated Series ; although the 
Wow, surprise. Im really astounded by how well this movie has been rated. I love Depp and I thought it was terrible. I think he wanted to do something a 
Quite horrible. This is the most horrible documentary I ve ever watched. The narrator s tone is dreadful sounds as if the DVD were made for children and the re-enactments 
Anti - American. While I ve been a big fan of Ghost In The Shell, these stories are the worst yet. I ve watched the first three episodes on Cartoon 
Wait!. By all means, do as others here have suggested. Wait until the Criterion Collection version coming January 10, 2006. For the hard-of-hearing: WAIT FOR THE CRITERION COLLECTION VERSION!Thanks for 
This movie is NOT for kids. This movie was nothing and I repeat nothing to the tv show Scooby Doo from Hanna-Barbera.This scooby Doo movie had alot of cruse humor 
THAT ONE STAR REALLY MEANS NEGATIVE 1. JESUS HELP ME! THIS MOVIE WAS SO CORNY, I SHOULD FIND THE DIRECTOR AND PUT HIM IN JAIL! WHAT MAKES THIS MOVIE SO 
Poor at Best. I have this little very little section in my dvd bookcase that houses bad dvd buys. Currently The Yards and Ghost World are the only two dvds 
what a sad world we live in. They say that art reflects society and it is no wonder that Bush is president and the whole world has gone mad killing 
Such a disgusting anime. When I 1st watched Requiem From The Darkness I had high hopes for an anime show I heard that could actually by scary. To my dissappointment 
superficial historic fiction with great music. This movie has tolerable acting by Harris and Kruger, but why mispronounce Beethoven s name? Van instead of von? At least the German born 
Deplorable... Let me just start off by saying I am a rabid fan of all genres of zombie films, but the 80 s Italian genre is particularly unique to me.I 
Not happy. The Movie is great, but the used DVD is garbage. The DVD skips and stutters. I feel like I got taken to he cleaners  
predictable. This is my number one most overrated movie of all time. We saw it at a pretensious artsy theater, along with an assortment of ex-hippies and wooly haired intellectuals. 
2 3 of a good film. What ever happened to Edward Norton? He used to make great and daring films like Fight Club, Primal Fear, and American History X. I 
Corny. I think this DVD was corny. I ve been getting DVDs and VHS for years, as I would rather exercise at home then spend time getting to a from 
Insert pun with word con here... Con Express has lots of action in it, which is great because this hides the poor writing and uninteresting characters. Unfortunately, the action isn 
 & . unfortunatlly i got a dvd that dosnt work.... he lagnguge is not english and when i tried changing and choosing english lang. it dosnt repond... so am 
Wickedly BAD. A recently widowed mother of two moves with her daughters to a remote mountain home she finds a deed for among her late husband s belongings. The home 
Disappointing Transfer. As it was stated by another reviewer, the Criterion transfer of Les Dames du Bois de Boulogne is quite disappointing. The film seems loose in the gate and 
Stick with Willy Wonka. I could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern s classic - while the set design and special FX are state of the art, as usual for 
Definitive portrayal of generation X for what that s worth . Many reviewers and critics said it best...what do you do when the hero of the film Ethan Hawke is 
The Usual Suspects. opened the sealed DVD case and Get Shorty was inside and not the Usual Suspects. I sent it back requesting a replacement and did not get a 
Not the best in the library... Nothing ground-breaking in this soft-core title from the usually reliable folks at Full Moon. The DVD contains some funny behind the scenes material, but 
never realy takes off. It s not clear to me what some of the other reviewers saw in this movie, or whether we even saw the same movie. A contrived 
I wish I could go lower than this. This is horrendous movie. I will never claim it as the movie of my generation. It s one of the many reasons 
Trash. This movie is typical Hollywood anti-war, anti-military, anti-American trash. The show biz liberals, aided and abetted by their ideological cousins, the left-wing TV news moguls, have always sought to 
stick with batman and superman the animated series. this HAS got to be the worst show ever animated I do not like the way the producers treat superman and batman 
Really dumb Disney flick!. They chosen Robin Williams to be in a Disney movie and this movie turned out to be very corny. Special effects are dull though. If I 
I GIVE IT ONE STAR ONLY BECAUSE RALPH FIENNES IS IN IT. This movie has been terribly hyped-up, for reasons unbeknownst to me, perhaps politically, I presume, in the usual 
Garbage. Chamber was always the worst entry in the Harry Potter series, but this film adaptation manages to take what was already a crappy story and make it even worse. 
no teeth to this one. Maybe I was just expecting something like Jaws but I didn t think this movie that great. I watched it twice now only because I 
Almost. It is usually a bad sign when there is a guide included to explain the movie makers reasons for making the movie and to explain the lesson they want 
It s 10 o clock. Do you know why your children are cackling insanely?. Reefer Madness originally Tell Your Children was created to teach parents that it s never too 
HIghly polished waste of time. Beckham is one of the great soccer players of today and I was really looking forward to his hints on how to do things, especially 
2nd rule of fight club dont buy fight club WArning Spoiler . this movie is flat out doa. great filming great acting. BAD Screenplay!during this year that fight club came 
It s alright. I like that you can customize your workout or use a pre programed one. There is the option of only having music and no talking which is 
tedious in which we serve. Highly recommended,but,to many scenes of men bobbing aroundin a life boat. Little action scenes and those that were seenwere not believable  
Disappointing. Wasted Potential. I love Indy films and try to support them whenever I can. I heard about this film after it showed at an Indy fest in New York. 
What a mess. Disney blew it this time. No real fencing scenes, tried to hard to be funny. Zero humor.As a child I read this Tale with great joy, and 
Sacrilegious, Offensive, And Generally Atrocious!. I only gave this movie one star because it is against Amazon s rules to give it no stars. After hearing that this was a 
John Belushi was great, BUT ..... I can t make myself buy this DVD. I was going to purchase it, but then I read where O.J. Simpson is in one 
You Have To Be Kidding!. How anyone could rate this movie 4-5 stars is beyond belief. This was such a contrived movie that had a simple plot that went nowhere. 
Snooze Alert. Subtitled guy s mom is sick. The guy is also depressed. Meets a ex-hustler on beach. They kiss, fight, make-up, over and over. most of the movie They 
Don t Buy This Read The Manuel Instead. Cheesey video, bad interface, offers little instruction, tests are too easy to be useful. Save the money and go take a driving 
Not the complete The Continental . This is a poorly put together piece that fails to even include the best skits Christopher Walken did on SNL. Where are ALL the 
Misleading. I thought this video was a Cesar Milan Dog Whisperer video. I was linked to it by the Amazon suggestions on the Cesar Milan book page. Very disappointing  
Fatally Flawed. Sure, this movie is a classic. But is it any good? Frankly, I found it to be tedious in the extreme.It s certainly pleasant to look at. The 
BOOORIIIIIING!!!!!. I WANT THE TWO HOURS OF MY LIFE BACK!After all the talk about what a cult classic this film is! What a waste of time! Maybe this movie was 
Why Can t Hollywood leave the book alone??. Despite the fact that this movie is fairly entertaining and far better than previous attempts to capture King Solomon s Mines on 
Roger Ebert loved it... ...should ve been my first clue, any movie he likes I hate. Without doubt easily in the top 5 of the worst movies I ve ever 
Not to be confused with Slacker . Sophomoric hijinx that fail to score many points in the way of comedy. It was a disappointment to see Jason Schwartzman reduced to 
The Usual Suspects. opened the sealed DVD case and Get Shorty was inside and not the Usual Suspects. I sent it back requesting a replacement and did not get a 
Much as I love comedies. Running out of comedies to watch, I finally rented this one. I might as well not have. Martin Lawrence is like Eddy Murphy, only without 
Greed touches everything!. Review? Review?! Quality and really caring about providing a product the customer will actually be happy and proud to own is being replaced with making a fast 
Boring to watch. The actors spend too much time just staring at each other without speaking. The story is too unbelievable too. It was a waste of my money to 
Too kid-friendly. I think the only strong points of The Phantom Menace is Darth Maul and the lightsaber duals, which I thought were well done, and the visual effects and 
this could have been one of the best films of the 80 s. This could have been one of the best films of the 80 s. All of the components 
Soo primitive. The movie is a about a guy, who does a lot of work and no fun and then feels sorry about that. That s pretty much the whole 
Corny, clunky, a deserved turkey of the early 90s. The Rocketeer is the cinematic version of all the faux-Deco buildings that have been erected in recent years around Los Angeles, 
Eh. Not really. Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning Jonathan Liebesman, 2006 In the documentary that serves as one of the DVD extras for Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning, a number 
So Boring, So Dumb. What was the point of this film? There is no lesson learned, no story to tell, no entertainment factor even associated with it. I guess it 
O V E R L O N G. I continue to be astounded at how carelessly Amazon reviewers throw around their 5 star ratings. This movie is overlong and not 
you re better off reading the book. The book is amazing; this movie adaptation is quite poor. Although the actress who plays O is quite beautiful, and there are some 
Girl movie. Girls in this movie are portrayed as underdogs struggling against stupid boy bullies. It s a pretty way to boy-bash and promote sexist stereotypes that girls are good 
head to head. It looks like the marketing boys that control the motogp organization were looking for a way to make some extra money for the coming 2007 season and 
all i can really say is no . Ferrara is obviously a required taste and this film does nothing to prove against that point.not only is he a horrible actor, 
Always Raunchy, Often Disgusting, Rarely Funny. And definitely not worth buying. This movie dishes out nastiness that makes Friday the 13th seem quaint and lovable by comparison. Jay and Silent 
Cruz Vehicle - Little Else. This film is pure formula - predictable and cliche filled - except for the camera loving Penelope Cruz s face it offers little. They put 
Self-Hype. This is a good GUY flic, nothing special, but fun for gamblers and football fans. The whole thing is kind of a self-hype, true story. The gambling predictor as 
Larry Clark craps again. This movie depicts the said goings on of rich kids with too much time on their hand. Once again Larry Clark delivers a film which is 
 Back in therapy . While visiting some family in Utah a few years ago we decided to rent a few movies to pass the unforgivably hot mid-summer weather. We 
Did You Hear the Urban Legend About Those People Who Made a Crappy Movie?. The first movie was fresh and creative. This sucks. It takes the elements of the first 
Why Bother. This DVD Was Both A Waste Of Time only 49 Minutes Long And Money.If You Enjoy Pissing Away Your Cash And Wasting Time Waiting For Something To Be 
A terrible spike lee joint. This is what spike lee created? This movie was horrible...graphic sexual content repetitive vulgar language F words and a terrible storyline too. It should have 
Misfire. I was really expecting to enjoy this movie. Alas, it starts out with what seems like a good premise but before you know it Russel Crowe is doing prat 
Cranky Old Comic Fan From The 70 s. I m going to take the con side of this debate. Having not really read many comics in the past 20 years 
Movie is not animorphic widescreen. First off, I loved the movie after seeing it at the Anime Expo in California. This review is not about the story, I agree with 
The bad editing in the recent U2 dvd s is getting tiresome. I work as an editor on high-end projects mostly commercials and music video s with a couple of 
an all star cast in an empty post Trantino style movie. Andy Garcia Twisted, The Unsaid who has a few good moments in this movie, plays Jimmy The Saint who 
Very Mediocre. I wanted to watch this movie mainly because of Jennifer Ehle. Ms. Ehle played Elizabeth Bennett is the very lovely-made version of Pride and Prejudice. However, I did 
The Death Of Jaws. Who wrote this movie? That is the first thing I had to ask myself after watching this movie a couple of months ago. Oddly enough, this 
Horrible work out. This is the worst work out tape i ve ever purchased...its a waste of money...there is nothing latin about this tape..and her moves are so repetitive...u won 
pointless and trite. Several aspects of the movie go nowhere and it seems odd that they are included at all. The tie-in with Cambodia and the sappy folk music themes 
Tawdry choices for the Brat Pack... I was excited to see this until I found out which movies would be included. Weird Science? Come on. It should have been the 
Amazon will send you the wrong DVD. Not really sure if this is a good workout or not. Be carefull when buying this DVD. I bought this DVD twice from 
Van Damnes worst. Im a big fan of Van Damne,but when i saw this movie i was really disapointed,the setting is dull,the story is dull and the guy he fights 
Brazil Boom Boom. The quality and content was not worth the money spent. A couple of guys with a regular CAMCORDER driving around Rio and shooting video of the local 
Totally Unconscionable. MASH is my all time favourite show. As such, I am one of those that bought each season as it came out. I bought mine at a store 
Forsaking Substance for Entertainment. Equilibrium is a curate s egg - its best parts are not good throughout, and its worst aspects make erratic appearances. The acting is really the 
You Gasp! You Scream! You hit the Chapter Skip Button!. I may not be the quintessential purveyor of Euro-Horror, but I have seen enough to know that I have seen 
Total disappointment!!. Blech! I really like all the young actors that were in this movie and expected it to be really funny and cute. WRONG! It was a bizarre combination 
Really deserves 0 stars, but that s not a choice!. this movie sucks it sucks donkey balls. If you enjoyed this movie you should be shot you should be shot 
These Were Real People, People. I waited over 30 years to see this film, and now that I have -- I m glad I waited that long. Its glaring defects 
really flat. Jodie Foster Is one of the Greatest Actress s Ever period,but this clunky film is so boring&Predictable that it just never gets off the ground&put me to sleep. 
I m rating the actual DVD not the movie. I LOVE this movie I ve seen it probably more than 100 times! So imagine how excited I was to see 
Great DVD. My three year old loves this DVD and has discovered the joys of Goofy, BUT... Why can you just set the DVD to play all? The Mickey collection 
So what?. This may be how Mexico really is, but its not a good movie. After reading all the great reviews I was expecting much more. But like 21 Grams, 
Don t Waste Your Money. There is NOTHING in this DVD that wasn t in the book. In fact, Stan and John basically read the book to you as they 
Yawn.... This movie has too much talking and absolutely zero action, and a misusage of Christina Ricci s talent. The whole movie is Woody Allen making a tribute to himself. 
Land of Oprahisms. Having avoided seeing this film, I found that the mistake of sending my partner to the rental store on his on, brought Tuesday... unbiden into our home.My 
Where is my product ?. Until this date i did not receive this prooduct?What is happening?I alredy wrote to you about this problem an d i am waiting for a 
Be afraid, be very afraid.... I have never written a review before and probably won t again but I was so appalled by this waste of a perfectly good camcorder, 
What happened??. Horrible, boring film from one of my top 10 favorite directors. The only thing worth seeing is the amazing &quot;tiara&quot; of candles that Goya supposedly? uses to paint 
Oversell. Wasn t perticularly thrilled. Was expecting more classical tap dancing. I wish the product details had specified that it was more New age . At least I would have 
Best movie with no conclusion I ve ever seen. OK, I m a SciFi fan. I read the SciFi reviews and thought this was really a movie for me, and 
no draft dodger here!. John Wayne was no draft dodger as one of the previous reviewer moron stated:As Wikipedia states:Wayne was 34 when the U.S. entered the war and was 
Why the fuss?. This film is definitely not a masterpiece. I found it incredibly dry and incomprehensibly over-rated. Yes, the film was bleak but inexplicably bleak. To make matters worse, 
Lame, sanctimonious screed from a perenially overrated hack. I am both a veteran and an indie film-maker though I have not yet worked with a budget like this one had 
Sloppy presentation detracts from classical comedy. The six short subjects on this double dvd set represent, I am led to believe, the total short subject output of the great W.C. 
Dissapointing. The only 2 REAL ultimate fights on this is from Blade, and The legend of Drunken Master. I mean Scarface? Gladiator? SNATCH?! They are good movies, but those scenes 
Is it the hypocrisy that so many could relate to?. Five Osars??? This movie got FIVE Oscars? How sad is that? This is the culture we are exporting. This is 
rent don t buy. I attempted to watch this film a few different times. I could just never quite get to the end. It s not because it s a 
God Awful. I m stunned.Every once and a while a movie comes along that is so deeply in love with itself AND so deeply flawed that you are left sitting 
Worse than Bad. This movie is silly at best, racist at worse. I can t believe Ice Cube actually wrote the script for this mess. My opinion of Ice Cube 
Starts well, comes crashing down. In the early going, I thought the choice was between four and five stars. As the movie progressed, my rating dropped to somewhere between three 
Music Kills It. The picture is perfect. Why can t the Laurel and Hardy series be so good, especially their silents, which look just hideous, even in the Hallmark releases. 
One of the worst movies ever. this movie was horrible I just watched it and it felt like forever. the comedy in the movie sucked there were ONLY 3 scenes 
Hicks Without Hype. Years ago I watched a young comedian I hadn t viewed before on a TV special from the Montreal Comedy Festival.He was a wow, with a devastatingly 
Get the HBO Special Instead!. This DVD is almost the exact same routine that Katt did on his HBO special Pimp Chronicles, Part I. The biggest difference is the overall 
Stick with the original. When Hollywood decided that the classic Christmas cartoon How the Grinch Stole Christmas needed updating, I experienced a quaver of fear. How, I wondered, could anyone 
There is no war on Islam. America are allied with suadi arabia, The most fundementalist and extremist Islam nation in the world. They don t care about Islam Extremists, this 
Waste of time. Hmm. Curious. Unlike most of the positive reviewers here, I was not abused as a child, so perhaps this explains why I thought the movie was an 
Cinema is NOT television. Munch has long been one of my favorite painters, if not my favorite, since I was seventeen years old. I love films Angelopoulos, Tarkovsky, Fellini, Antonioni, 
Very disappointed. I ordered this video with a great deal of excitement beacause it promised a lot and had a lovely woman on the cover. When I played it for 
a sad goodbye to the king of cool . this was steve mcqueen s last film and that is sad as this is not even able to be called an 
Men vs. Woman, again! Boring!. I would definitely say this is Survivors worst season. The problem lies in premise of men vs. woman, which had just been done in Amazon, 
Emphasis On The Stop . Young Nicole has decided to run away from her Texas home with her equally young boyfriend, Jess. Their plan? Drive to Hollywood and seek gainful 
Embarrassing. Why did they even bother transferring this movie to DVD? Seriously? The [...] child of a masterpiece, The Vanishing sports some of the most half-hearted performances and sometimes downright 
Misses the point. While some critics can argue with Dan Brown s research and reasoning on certain historical points, one thing these Da Vinci debunking presentations will never be able 
So disapointed !. Je viens de recevoir le DVD et ma grande surprise, ce n est que le pilote ! Bad information...there s nothing in the purchase of the DVD 
Amazon unbox poor quality. I purchased this movie with Amazon unbox. I downloaded it to my high def series 3 Tivo. It was very disappointing. The picture was little on 
Please tell your children the history is different. I realize historical accuracy was not the intent of the filmmakers here, but as a history teacher, I feel the need to 
Hey, Where is Flower Drum Song? . This collection has a serious handicap in the omission of Flower Drum Song. This gem is not available at all on DVD. What 
Can remakes be unmade?. No-talent actors and director destroying an otherwise heartwarming story. Typical example of comtemporay Hollywood ego s assuming more importance than the story itself.The original plot has 
Too bad to be good. Gyllenhaal and Spader both provide strong performances, but nonetheless the film is slow, tedious, and only occasionally interesting  
Re-packaging the same old product. I liked this workout the first time I bought it as her fatburning workout. The second time I bought it re-packaged I thought it was 
I love the SHOW, the DVD s are another story!. HelloI won t sell you on the show-it s one of my favorites, and you can read other s opinions 
A terrible movie. If this director was trying to see how many ugly stereotypes he could cram into 111 minutes I think he succeeded. If you want to see a 
Not for DVD aficionados. I m rather upset with the technical quality of this DVD. Grindhouse rereleased this disc exactly as it was in 2000, without so much as a 
Lucas Strikes!. NOTE: This review is not about the trilogy which is great . This review is about the many DVD releases.The worst thing that ever happened to George Lucas 
Stick with Willy Wonka. I could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern s classic - while the set design and special FX are state of the art, as usual for 
TEN STEPS BELOW ZERO! A REAL BOMB!. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Julia Roberts and Richard Gere should have given every cent they received 
Waste of time. I got this film because I m from Detroit where this takes place. It s a pretty typical revenge flick. Four brothers want to find their adoptive 
i am the arm- the review for fans of the series. rent it but by all means don t buy it. you won t watch it more than once. this 
yawn.... only for conspiracy-theory types. Not worth it - only for anti-Christians interested in conspiracy theory looniness. Thoroughly one sided, but that would be OK if it weren t riddled 
Gilmore Girls - The Complete Second Season. HAS I COMPLETED THE 1ST SEASON OF GILMORE GIRLS I HAVE ORDER THE 2ND SEASON BUT SO FAR IAM STILL WAIT TO SEE 
Copycat movie of the Australian movie The Adventures Of Pricilla, Queen Of The Desert . This movie is nothing but a copy of the Australian movie The Adventures Of Pricilla, 
DON T BOTHER WATCHING THIS ONE!. This is possibly one of the worst films I have ever seen. The writing and acting, as far as I am concerned, are no 
Another over rated movie. Please do not compare this with Clock Work Orange. It s shame. This movie is shame on director. Cutting many heads or killing more bodies does 
Inbred-video-night special, Look Jim bo, its only 9.99!. Did you notice that most of the people reviewing this and giving it a good review are hicks? Maybe if you live 
Review. Capote , directed by Bennett Miller with a conscious sensation of subtlety and a slow pace, was widely acclaimed by critics after its release in 2005. It is based 
Reflects the attitude in the 1990 s perfectly.... I saw this in a theatre, and I was the only one who wasn t laughing hysterically. There were a few chuckles 
More Pseudo Feminism. Follows Logic only people on Bizarro world would understand. Enough takes the formulaic made-for TV battered woman story and actually makes a big screen movie sillier than 
Candyman 3: The Day of the Dead 1999 . Director: Turi MeyerCast: Tony Todd, Donna D Errico, Alexia Robinson, Jsu Garcia, Mark Adair-Rios, Lupe Ontiveros, Elizabeth Guber, Rena Riffel, Ernie 
Very Poor Presentation. This could have been a very good documentary, but the video editing style made it unwatchable for me. The camera never stays on any subject for more 
cannot view. The encoder system is wrong for our recorder and I do not know what to do. Can you help please  
Only for Foodies. If you ve seen Tortilla Soup, there is no need to watch this movie. This is just the Chinese version of the said movie. The similarities of 
Can you fix me that coffee of yours?. This is definitely the worst movie I have ever seen. The acting by everyone in this movie sucks, and they all looked 
Crappy. There are 4 mostly-static as in &quot;not moving&quot; , distant, poorly lit angles on the women, and unless you are really fascinated by ten minutes of the same boring 
Didn t like the soft pornography in this so called remake. Didn t care for it. Contained soft pornography. The wheelchair bound adolescent kid looking thru a rather obvious hole 
THE MIRACLE OF ... WHAT?. This is my first time in this forumI ve seen the film of the 2nd disc and I found the copy...NOT ONLY BAD BUT UNNOTICEABLEAS 
Nothing to see here....nothing to see here.... This film is a slick, contrived, hollow exercise in style. It is a typical Miramax foreign film. The director has a snazzy, Robert 
not what I was looking for. This movie concentrates on Cobb as a bitter old drunk desperately trying to get his life story told from his point of view. I 
SO SAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I LOVE TO DANCE .........SO I WAS EXCITED TO GET THIS!! WHAT A BORING DVD!! DID NOT SWEAT!! HATED HER COMPLICATED MOVES!!!!! SHE IS PRETTY BUT NOT MOTIVATING.......MY 
1 star is too much - way too much. The release of films such as these by Fox can do nothing but bury L and H. All of their 40s 
Least favorite movie. by this duo. I just didn t like it. All the actors were great. I love Sidney Poitier. But I just couldn t like the movie. I 
A minus B movie. This movie really didn t show me anything exciting in Salsa dance...the only exciting thing was seeing singers performers Willie Colon and Celia Cruz.  
Imagine Justin Timberlake as SHAFT. The Wild Wild West was a five-star TV show. It was so good that you would have thought that the powers that be in Hollywood 
Bogus Reviews. All the five-star reviews for this video come from reviewers who have ONLY reviewed this company s products. These are likely astroturf i.e., phony reviews, so I m 
REALITY OF A BIMBO TOUR. I cannot understand why people would buy anything by this brainless ,talentless bimbo. She cant sing a song without stupid vocal gymnastics,she cant say anything 
It s a PERFECT example of today s horror movies. Which isn t a good thing. If you ve seen any recent horror flicks within the past 10 years Taking 
I was expecting a good story... The premise grabbed me; it is about a gay man sent to the concentration camps during WWII. I was expecting some really good things 
Not for the average dog owner. Sorry - But this video is not for the average dog owner! If you identify with the punk rock scene and are looking for 
not much for laughs and even less for plot. Wedding Crashers is the kinda film alot of people will love because it is stupid but alot of others like myself, 
One of the worst movies ever made. The Hole revolves around four prep school students who spend a weekend in an abandoned bomb shelter. One of the students is traumatized 
Great show, crummy DVD. 15 just doesn t cut it for 2 episodes of this show and ZERO extra features. I m not sure who they are marketing this set 
Orientalism on demand. the movie directors in the ME, particularly Iranians, are responding to demands by the West for certain type of movies. They produce what is demanded from them; 
Not a Sellers market. Peter Sellers is rightly hailed as one of the screen s great comic geniuses. Unfortunately, even a genius falters, and Sellers had more than his share 
Really deserves 0 stars, but that s not a choice!. this movie sucks it sucks donkey balls. If you enjoyed this movie you should be shot you should be shot 
Unremarkable 50 s western. Some nice location shooting is wasted in a standard western. The female characters are particularly irritating and one-dimensional. This is definitely the worst Anthony Mann James 
silly!!!!!! Pointless, most ABSURD thing on TV. This is just angry people venting with vulgarity.This isn t poetry! If this is im the next James Joyce  
US Marhsals. I loved this movie, if only for Tommy Lee Jones and Tom Wood don t know who that is? Don t worry, I m the only one and 
This video is not good and its a waste of money!. Ok, first off, who needs a video to help them skate better. That is the stpidest thing i ever 
Appalling. This is the worst remake i have ever seen hands down. Woefully miscast with none of the creepy atmosphere and classiness of the original, this film belongs in the 
Why do they always have to make a sequel????. You know, I actually enjoyed the first Mummy. It was funny, the idea, not often seen in modern films, was good, 
Is The A teens Music Video Heartbreak Lullaby On The DVD???. I just wanted to find out and please let me know dat is the A Teens music video Heartbreak 
One of the stupidest movies I ve ever seen. Adam Sandler plays a painfully shy man who has extreme fits of violent anger and has to deal with 7 sisters 
Terrible Film. I agree with the problems related to all the technical issues cited by other reviewers, but found the movie problematic at its core. First, military personnel are not 
Could be the dumbest movie ever... This could be the dumbest movie ever made and that s a bold statement to make when one considers that Underworld also exists . 
Was Michael Moore involved in this??. It is a far stretch to call this a documentary . A comedy would be more appropriate. I think there was more scientific fact 
Worst season ever. This season crearly shows that J.J. Abrams is commited to something else Lost? . That zombie thing in the final chapters must be a bad joke. The 
Completey inconsequential!. I LOOOOVE the recent batch of French films that have made it big over here: The Taste of Others, Un Air de Famille and ESPECIALLY The Dinner Game. 
Extremely Disappointing. I love Eddie Murphy, and I loved Dr. Doolittle! The previews of Dr. D II looked so funny, I couldn t wait to see it. Well, I just 
0 stars. This is the biggest pile of stinky cheese from the eighties ever it is just horribledon t waste your time or moneyinstead go to mac D and geta 
Not a family movie. This unfunny sexual romp is badly written. I love Charisma Carpenter, but she and the other actors in this film seem to be struggling through it. 
Van Damme fans only... I struggle with this movie. I m a die-hard fan of Jean-Claude Van Damme, so part of me really likes this movie. But the other part 
Disappointing Spinoff. This movie , which was obviously meant to be a pilot but was aired as a stand-alone feature, lacks nearly everything that made Babylon 5 a great show. 
Sour Note. No wonder they didn t produce any other live action productions of Dr. Seuss books until after his death. This film gave me a headache. The direction and 
Frosty--5 stars, Frosty Returns-0 stars. Frosty is a perfect classic as always. Great story and characters. But, boy Frosty Returns makes this one you should probably skip. First, the story 
Film: 4 stars, DVD: 1. I preface all of my DVD reviews with the following note: There are more than enough film reviews on Amazon.com and, quite frankly, it s 
Sick to the bone!. This is not a review of the Criterion edition. I have seen several of their productions, and they are the best! This is about this movie. 
This movie......stinks. I am really wondering about the people who have reviewed this and gave it such good ratings.Ive been looking at their other reviews trying to understand what it 
Disappointing. It starts out well but half-way through, it loses its direction and suffers an identity crisis. Avoidable  
Assess your own taste before buying. I am one of the many reviewers who purchased this DVD because everyone favorably compared it with Seinfeld, and not being an HBO subscriber 
two stars for the late donald pleasence , but no stars for this hopeless mess that trashes the good name of the halloween . donald pleasence died not long after 
Sorry for the huge and famous cast. This movie comes from John Grisham s novel of the same title. Most of the actions taking place in the novel were also 
 Spoiler Warning . Normally I try to find something good in every movie I see, whether I enjoy it or not. Here s what I came up with for 
Ouch.... rock bottom... Okay, I like Chris Rock... a little... well, maybe not. But reguardless, this movie is horrible. If Bill Muray all of a sudden turned black, and he 
Lousy acting: so-so singing. Bette Midler has oodles of talent,we just don t get much of it here! In this version of Gypsy,Ms. Midler is either doing the show because 
Nickelodeon is still my favorite channel to watch. Where s the old stuff?. I do agree with everyone who gave this one star. I WANT THE OLD NICKELODEON SHOWS ON 
picture good;quality bad. I gave myself a headache trying to watch this d.v.dIt should have been a most enjoyable movie but the quality of the d.v.d was so bad it 
Boring. Its a beautifully rendered world. I saved many screenshots. But the game gets very boring after a few days. This game has everything, horses, individual armors, unique weapons, etc. 
 Shameless insufficient use of Jeremy Brett. I don t usually make a point to watch films this bad predictable plot, laughable dialog, horrible music soundtrack, etc , but when 
Only watch it if you are a Brian Heidik fan!. He is the winnner of the latest Survivor & is in this movie. It is barely watchable, only view it 
 Who would want to kill the sweetest woman in the world? . I knew I was in trouble with FOUR BROTHERS when I saw that Josh Howard of SPORTS 
childish fight. It is a bit strange to watch all this fight against Dan Brown s book. What is for? Millions people who like the Da Vinci Code book usually 
Even more stupid acting and writing.... a second season of even more bad writing, cliches all over the place, Bell can not act, and Silver is a joke of a 
Disjointed Disaster. This movie is a disaster. There is not one single memorable performance by the cast of stars . If you want to see a little boy happily running 
not so speedy. Really, the reason Speed 2: Cruise Control isn t a classic like the first one is because the speed storyline is not a bus, but a BOAT 
BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD. This is a really, really, really, really, bad movie. Don t watch it, don t buy , don t even think about this movie, you may get brain damage. 
Two great scenes... I will give this movie two stars, simply for the two memorable scenes in the movie that make it worth seeing - at least once. The demon 
Punk: Unexplained. When a documentary includes commentary from such key artists as Henry Rollins, Jello Biafra and Tommy Ramone, an interesting and rich story of punk music is to be 
an exercise in film making; not a film; 2 10. Roman Polanski, whom I m none too big a fan, is quoted as saying People like Truffaut, Lelouch and Godard 
Mild Profanity and Non-Family Values. I bought this movie based on the rave customer reviews. This definitely isn t a family-friendly or moral story. The lead actress is from New 
Hindsight is 20 20. Believe it or not, I actually wanted to watch this movie. I ve seen almost everything else Adrian Lyne has done and respect his shallow talent 
really flat. Jodie Foster Is one of the Greatest Actress s Ever period,but this clunky film is so boring&Predictable that it just never gets off the ground&put me to sleep. 
This DvD Should Have a Warning Label. This is a good example that some DvD s should have parental warning labels. This one should read: WARNING! THIS DVD IS NOT 
Subtitles cut off. If you speak french this dvd is probably fine - but for me there are better dvd s that focus on a dancer s life in a 
Only if your a Prince Fan. In the early 1990 s this movie was definitely made for that era. Just look at the clothing and hair. High top fades etc. 
Good Picture Quality But Not Funny. I have to say the quality of the movie as far as picture and sound is just about perfect. I however didnt laugh at 
He s Going Downhill. I ve been a huge fan of Vam Damme since I saw him in No Retreat, No Surrender then even more after I had seen Lionheart. 
Because I can t give it 0 stars. Here s a film where all the actors and actresses know they re funny, but somehow it doesn t traslate into a 
Great DVD of a Poor Movie. CONCERNING THE DVD:Yet another MGM quickie, containing the film in its correct 1.66:1 aspect ratio with some nicely restored video elements. The footage from 
This boom is a total bust. Diane Keaton is a successful management consultant in NYC who inherits a baby from recently deceased relatives. She doesn t want it, doesn t 
Bad beyond belief. This movie is being promoted in its trailer and on its website as having something to do with the BDSM and consensual Master slave relationships practiced by 
This is just weird. Am I the only one here who s weirded out by disney s new in-betweener stories? Also I agree with a reviewer below that this isn 
What a disappointment... In the haphazardly-produced Jesus Is Magic, Sarah Silverman sort of meanders along from one unrelated edgy joke to another, interspersed with painfully boring musical numbers and skits. 
Disappointing. When Fantasia came out in 1938, it bombed. Many years later, the movie received the acclaim it deserved. Fantasia has enchanted me since I was a child, and I 
too much story missing in film. We need the Peter Jackson, of Lord of the Rings Trilogy fame, to do this book justice. The Book MISTS OF AVALON was WONDERFUL 
PLEASE MAKE IT END!!!. There are no words to describe how AWFUL !!! this movie was from beginning to end, but let me try anyway so as to give people 
Pythons can t dance, especially Terry Jones!. In one second season ep Terry Jones what a common last name! does a totally lousy, unfunny job doing a strip tease job. 
Kentucky Fried Movie. I remember this movie back in the 70 s as being much, much funnier. I bought it. I saw it and I will never watch it again. 
 I m the guy in the frozen food section dialling 911. I swear. . Peter Segal s Anger Management is a film with nothing going for it. It is 
What a stinker!!!. I wasn t expecting high art when I bought this movie but I was at least expecting good acting considering the cast. This movie was so bad 
FOCUS, PLEASE!!!. I haven t seen work of this quality since high school AV class. Friends of Ram Dass will skip this embarrassing mess like first period biology. Too bad 
This is really misguided. I have seldom seen such a bad movie with so much talent. David Arquette, Stephen Baldwin, Mickey Rourke, etc. One wonders what they saw in potential 
Gave it a Chance but... I really did give this a chance but I can t say I like the show. It focuses more on the police aspect and less 
 2 STARS FOR THE DVD AND NOT THE MOVIE... I just purchased the 2 disc, special edition of this movie, and here s my problem s :First off, I 
Not as funny as the first film. This film was a little disappointing. There was less humor and more attempts at simple shock value that seemed to mostly entertain the 
Not So Super. In an era of Batman Begins, Sin City, Spiderman, and 300, it s easy to forget that there was a time when a movie based on a 
Very dissapoiting...NOT what I expected. After loving Halloween 2, and it s creepy hospital setting, I was very excited to hear that there were two other hospital-slashers in the early 
BORRRRIINNNNG!!!!. I m sorry but despite some brilliant acting performances from Hopkins and Thompson this has got to be one of the most BORING movies I ve ever tried to 
No Form of Escape. With a pacing that only Tsai Ming-liang could love and deliberate scenery shots that you are forced to enjoy House of Sand steps into the genre 
A Celebration of Hopelessness. I give this film one star for the acting, which is often very good. However, the plot and message of this film revel in hopelessness, and 
Did I miss something here?. I am a great fan of Bernstein s Candide . I saw the 1974 production twice. My wife saw it three times -- she took 
 The Fat Nothing . Horrible movie, only worth watching if you are a Jayne Mansfield or Phyllis Diller fan. Movie looks like it was cheaply filmed and only uses 
A moving picture which does not move. Consider the following facts: the entire plot of Death in Venice can be quickly summarized as follows: Famed German novelist Gustav von Aschenbach 
Game 6: The 500,000 movie - Four strikes, you are out. OUT!. Upon the brief trailers and DVD cover that gave me the visuals of this show, I thought I 
Anyone anything would have been better. Ok- so I can see there are some die-hard Julia Roberts fans out there. Too bad. Just raving about her will never improve her 
SAMUEL JACKSON, A PHARMACOLOGICAL GENIUS. YEAH! SURE!. TALKING ABOUT A MISSCAST. SAMUEL JACKSON CAN PORTRAY A HITMAN, A PIMP OR A THIEF, BUT A PHARMACOLOGICAL GENIUS, YEAH, RIGHT  
Davy Crockett TV vs. Davy Crockett Movies. I was very gung ho when I found out that Disney was finally releasing the Davy Crockett TV show on DVD. I grew 
Read the book. Don t bother wasting your time with this movie, instead read the book. The book was one of the best I have ever read, the movie left 
Plays like a non-union industrial corporate video. There is a wonderful movie made about the life of the Buddha. This is not it. Oddly enough, it is Little Buddha. I 
Pitewww I spit on them too! They deserved it!. A novelist goes on a vacation to write a book,she gets raped by some town hicks..then it s on!I will admit 
Caveat emptor: Buyer beware!!. I bought the Girls of Techno, Orig DVD, and I liked it. Then I went to buy Girls of Techno Rave, adn Girls of Techno Hot 
Typical Wackness. how in the World that Dave Chappelle blew up in the first place is a real mystery?? so now that he choked a 50 Million Dollar pay day 
Meh. The meta-story of this film was potentially interesting, but only before the gathering of the bad actors of the roundtable.One star each for Cross and Black, whose genuine talent 
Doesn t hold a candle to the original. This is a remake of An Affair to Remember with Cary Grant and Deborah and it does not work. Some movies just 
Not as Bad as I Was Hoping For. To be perfectly honest, I bought this movie because I expected it to be horrifically bad. You know, bad acting, bad dialog, 
Disappointed. For such a great actor, I expected to see his best films-not a collection of his so-so films. The movies are good, but it s a huge diappointment to 
biggest disappointment EVER. If you are looking for something shocking, don t bother with this movie.rape scene: why doesn t she run???? why doesn t she fight??? how come there 
Ring Two-Electric Boogaloo. Where do I start? This movie is a follow up to the Ring which was an Americanized adaptation of the Japanese book ringu which was an extremely 
Is the human mind capable of enjoying an unresolved story?. After watching the film, I studied the interview with the director.I can see what he tried to say and what 
Five Star Movie, No Star DVD. This is a review of the 1997 DVD release- thus far, as of September 2006, the only release I know of.Of all of the 
 B Movie; D Transfer to DVD. I bought this because I liked George Montgomery in a western, Cripple Creek, shown on cable TV. According to an online biography, he 
2 Stars For Poor Quality DVD. Great Movie. I have read in another review that the John Wayne Collection edition of this DVD is of poor picture quality. I have 
 & . unfortunatlly i got a dvd that dosnt work.... he lagnguge is not english and when i tried changing and choosing english lang. it dosnt repond... so am 
These DVDS are just the three Urban Legends - Just Put Together. It s just three Urban Legend Movies put together, so it s typicaly the same thing, and the 
Throw out the zanies. The Hidden Fortress is classic Kurosawa, in every way--except for the wild overacting, inane characterizations and lamefooted humor of the peasant pair who form a central 
Not Pleased. I purchased the DVD based on reviews here. I love Bluegrass music, but this movie was terrible. It could have been made as a high scholl project. Consists 
Did not work for me... I wasn t spiritually filled with this film like other Jesus films have done for me.Started out ok but at the end it seemed that 
Stick with Suspiria. I already knew before buying this movie that I wouldnt like it, atleast it comes with Phenomena wich is alot better IMO. Inferno is not one of 
Not an great adaptation. Although the film was entertaining, it was in no way an accurate adaptation of Alvarez s novel. I m very disappointed  
Barbi Doll. I don t really like video collections. Live music is so much more interesting. The only exception I can think of to that rule is the video collection 
Sorry. This movie is so freakin stupid. Yes its funny...but so very dumb. Not good dumb; bad dumb. Terribly, painfully stupid. Funny at times. Best avoided or taken in small 
Utterly predictable. This movie is cliche-ridden from start to finish. A young man from the shipyards gets into Annapolis at the last minute, is miserably ill-prepared, overcomes all obstacles, and 
Going through the motions. Jack is obviously not well. Ginger s kit sounds like an 80 s pop band and Eric should just throw away that awful sounding Strat.Ok we 
Inexplicably bad. What happened??. This movie is bad and it s the kind of bad that makes movie fans ask, What in the world went wrong? You start with a 
Ugly Movie. People who claim they loved this gratuitous violence and debauchery-filled movie need to get a life and learn what a great movie is. There is nothing redeeming or 
A Softcore Porn Children s Film?!. I admit it. I only bought this movie for one reason: the lovely Phoebe Cates is topless in much of the movie. Okay, so 
Poor Little Rich Girl. I remember finding this film fascinating upon its first viewing by me, years ago in New York. I was much younger then, and at that age, 
The Most Biased Movie I ve Watched in Long Long Time. Whatever ills are in the world, it s all the fault of the corporations. That s the basic premise 
Worst game ever!!!!. I wanted to start this off with a do NOT buy this game . It is extremely boring and it looks like someone just designed it on 
Wrong Idea, Man.... needs to be like one joint man, not two. Ey, Chico.Like, Ummm... Cheech & Chong is da bomb, ok, essay.. but like a DVD will hold 4 
I wanted to cry - not good tears. This was a HORRIBLE, annoying, obnoxious movie. I will give Mandy Moore props for being a good actress but, Dianne Keaton s 
What a shame. . . Standard disclaimer: I LOVE Dream Theater.However, this DVD is almost unbearable to watch due to all of the video effects that obscure the live performance. 
Just sickening. Sure all the movies on there are great, and wow what a chance to get them all, but come on, this is absolutely sickening. The ultimate gift for 
Garbage. I cannot believe the black actor in this film is so sterotypical of the ghetto or uneducated image we ve seen in films like baby boy . Almost every 
exit the freeway... This movie was loaned to Me, Thank God I did nt rent it and is the biggest waste of a few hours of My life ever! The 
Draco would not approve of this. I am not someone who hates sequals. I absolutly hate the first Dragonheart it is a masterpiece. Great effects, great story, sad ending. It 
Boring. The music is good, but the movie is just boring. Not much story either  
and the point is???????. I just didn t get it. The movie was painfully boring. The only remotely redeeming aspect was some interesting cinematography.  
Unpleasant Surprise. This guy is normally very funny. I think I laughed maybe 3 times  
Quiller Got Lost on the Way Home. The Quiller Memorandum takes place back during the cold war. It represented a time and place in history that was true at that 
One step above truly hideous. I am a Jane Austen fan. I love Pride and Prejudice and there are three very good to marvelous adaptations of that great novel. However, 
The Sad Truth. It should be noted by any who would be willing to buy a DVD like this that George Alexander has no affiliation with Heiho Niten Ichi Ryu 
NO George........NO!. I rented the original Star Wars first, just to see if it was as bad as everyone says. Good GOD! It s horrible! It looks only slightly better 
Horrible. Unless you like watching a girl clean for two hours... then don t see this movie. Other than the beautiful scenery, nothing was explained, there was hardly any dialogue, 
For Die-Hard Jet Li fans only. AKA Shaolin Temple 3, this movie is a decent display of Jet Li s kung fu prowess. If the version being offered is by 
Guadalcanal Diary. This firm was advertized on Amazon as being in color. A black and white version was delivered to me, even though I had inquired of Amazon if the 
Yawn,. Not being a Christian, I looked upon this documentary to give me some insight into what goes on behind closed doors. But what I received, especially in the first 
Boooooo. I not only say this honestly but literally; my 5 year old child used Nero and made a more interactive DVD  
Gives peplum a bad name. Think of all the stereotypes one could conjure up about these Italian sword-and-sandal pictures, a good primer would be the Saturday Night Live sketch featuring 
Okay. I agree with David Thomson when he says few audiences in the West would be content to view an American epic composed solely of battles and their contexts. Kurosawa 
Deceptive title. Two hours wasted when I could have had a root canal. The title of this movie is a tad deceptive- it and the soundtrack are the only thing 
Don t waste your money. Unless your almost dead this DVD is just too easy and is not really Yoga. I have an old Rodney Yee VHS 20 minute tape 
Pretty crappy movie. This movie felt long. The special effects and filmwork were pretty bad. The acting was even worse. The voice-over actors were bad and the subtitles were generally 
Confused. I was very much disappointed with this album.I really didn t need to hear of all their problems in life.I did not purchase this album to hear them talk 
Great CD, but DVD is mix of bootleg & MTV Jackass. REALLY enjoyed their music, but godalmighty, the DVD stinks on ice. 2 disks - a DVD & a CD. 
Nothing Here for Adults. The best animated comedies are funny on two levels; funny on the surface, for children, and funny at a deeper layer, for adults. Shrek , for 
Good, but overrated. There are better Cary Grant movies out there to watch. This one is just about ok. The movie DVD is released by various companies. I had the 
Great Acting but unbelievable story line. This movie has such wonderful reviews from both professional critics and Amazon customers that I was expecting great things. While I agree the acting 
Weak Action..... As a fan of both Brigette Lin and Yuen Baio I jumped at the chance to buy this film. I eagerly put it in. The beginning was excellent, 
Disappointing - Would Love to See a Good Remake. This movie took most of the great songs from the stage play and dumped them. For a theater lover this is 
very bad and pretentious movie. the screenplay was so bad that almost drove me crazy. like watching a badly directed drama on the stage, that guy kept talking to himself, 
Disappointed. For such a great actor, I expected to see his best films-not a collection of his so-so films. The movies are good, but it s a huge diappointment to 
Clearly no where near as good as Suspiria !!. Like many of you Argento fans, I had heard a lot about Deep Red and some people even considered it to 
A Poor Excuse For A DVD. Don t get me wrong. I LOVE the story. I ve seen it in the cinema in the 80 s and I still love 
planet of the apes bluray. why ? because it has good sound dts hd 5.1 master lossless audio the picture quality will not blow you away it just seams flat 
Too overrated. Now I d actually give this movie 3.5 stars. But since so many people talk about being one of the greatest movies ever made I m giving it 
What was the point?. I remember seeing this film as a kid and thinking to myself, maybe when I m older I ll understand the signifigance of this movie. But 
2 1 2 stars - I m sure it was more exciting in the early 70 s. I guess I missed the point. I can see how this film could 
I won t buy it... Someone just today told me I should see this film.What a disappointment to see these warnings of poor quality DVDs being produced by Fox Lorber.Oh 
Please, save your money!. This could possibly be the cheesiest movie I have ever seen and I have seen a lot of movies! Do not waste your money on this 
Very Poor Quality DVD. Love the movie, but the quality of the DVD put out by Alpha Video was so bad it was very difficult to watch. The sound was 
I knew there had to be something wrong with this DVD!. I received this DVD from my brother who is possibly a bigger Kevin Smith fan than I am. I 
dv that doesnt work. the dvd didn t work and returning it couldn t be more awkward so just cut my losses not happy in the slightes  
Dissapointing. I love movies from the 70 s. The Conversation, All the Presidents Men, The Parralax View to name just a few. I had not seen this movie and looked 
Typical Wackness. how in the World that Dave Chappelle blew up in the first place is a real mystery?? so now that he choked a 50 Million Dollar pay day 
A Horrible Waste of Money. This is the worst exercise DVD I ve ever owned. Not only are the moves incredibly difficult to follow as well as being useless in 
Mick Garris Chocolate left a sour taste in my mouth. John Carpenter, Tobe Hooper, Dario Argento, Joe Dante, Don Coscarelli, Takashi Miike. These are but some of the powerhouse names 
Preview it before you show it. I bought this for my SciFi class. We read Bram Stoker and the reward was supposed to be this film. It was like giving 
Pearl Jams DVD collection all 2 of them are a bore . Pearl Jam are more of a band of the 90s, and really they should of stayed their and 
Slapstick & boring. Too slapstick, silly & boring. I couldn t suffer through the first episode of this one  
I wanted a different ending. When Hollywood finally chooses to make a movie about the struggles, it of course chooses to tell us that even though those nasty Prods have 
IT SUCKS, Part II. Sorry I couldn t come up with a better punchline, but this movie doesn t deserve any original thought or ideas. Maybe its because there aren 
1 Star for the Flick, 5 for the Juggs. This movie was so low brow and low budget it was sad to watch.It was more of a movie about Asia 
Terrible. I was expecting this to be a professional DVD like any normal band would put out, not a collection of bootlegs. Like everyone else, I agree, the DVD is 
Pretty Bad Movie. Brokedown Palace is bad. How bad is it? It s pretty bad, man.Don t tell me I didn t warn you  
Remix should be sold as such. Solar Flow is a fine dvd, but should not be marketed as something separate from Yoga Shakti. There are no new sequences, just remixes 
The Ten Bucks Back Coupon Is Expired! No Longer Being Offered! So It s Not Worth It!. The Mary Tyler Moore Show is a great classic sitcom but why buy 
Perhaps the Most Overrated Film Ever. I ve seen this several times over the years and still can t make sense of why it s such a favorite. The acting 
John Wayne, Walter Brennan, Ward Bond - how can it miss?. But it does. Vera Ralson is part of the problem, she s pretty but bland in the role of 
Tedious, ham-fisted direction, groan-inducing dialog...simply awful. Antzcak s direction is inexplicable and the film is weighed down by a directionless, melodramatic script and technical shortcomings. The ADR dialog overdubbing is 
New directors! Get to know em!. A collection of 3 short Japanese Horror films. Volume 1 DVD of a Region 1, 3-part series from Global Fright Cinema and Kadokawa Pictures.Meinichid. 
Friday the 13th Part VII - The New Blood. Friday the 13th Part VII - The New Blood~ Terry Kiser is a terrible sequell in the seemingly endless friday the 
Let s sing....Getting Better... 1,2,3,...and I admit it s not gettin better, it s not gettin better, all the time it can get more worse! ......if Sir Paul McCartney will 
Kevin Coughlan is spot on!. I d write a review for this sewage, but Kevin did it so perfectly that I d be wasting my time. The only decent one 
One of the worst adaptations ever made. Sure there are other movies that have butchered their source material beyond recognition, but it s not even the butchering that s the 
Unfortunate Edition. This particular DVD edition of Nosferatu is an excellent example of the importance of music in setting a film s mood. I m not sure when this score 
So what?. This may be how Mexico really is, but its not a good movie. After reading all the great reviews I was expecting much more. But like 21 Grams, 
UNLESS YOU WANT BAD SERVICE AND THEN HARRASSMENT, DON T BUY!. I bought a set of GGW videos a few months ago and I COMPLETELY regret it. This is the 
What a rediculous pile of poo. You re kidding, right? The only good film in the trilogy is the origonal. How dare you try to continue the story of something 
Carousel great, DVD skips. Of course Carousel is a classic, and the music endures, however, I was excited to view this DVD of Carousel with my daughter so she could 
all about the benjamins gets all about nothing after awhile. yeah, ok, Ice Cube is a bounty hunter and Mike Epps is a criminal who ends up teaming up with 
Great Acting but unbelievable story line. This movie has such wonderful reviews from both professional critics and Amazon customers that I was expecting great things. While I agree the acting 
Where is the old hunter Buldeo?. The best of Rudyard Kipling s Jungle Book stories took place in the man village because that s where Mowgli meets a superstitious old 
Cold characters and bland plot make for a bad movie. I gave this movie an extra pity star only because I adore Woody Allen s work. Otherwise this movie would 
The Star Wars Trilogy... NOT. These are not the original theatrical realeases. In addition to the changes made in the special edition versions of the films, American Cinematographer noted in 
Fellini s Rome --- A Commercial Collection of Stereotypes. There is a lot of traffic in Rome.Especially on the raccordo annulare , where accidentsare also frequent.The traffic is noisy and 
Jennifer A. is a decent actress - but story line is sad. I would have given this film a slightly higher rating had it been filled with characters I admired 
Fatalism, responsibility, blame others, for one s own life... When I sit down in the theater to watch a film I start with a neutral rating of zero so that 
Silly disappointing kid movie. Colorado s San Juan Mountains from Durango to Silverton to Ouray is myfavorite place to vacation in the USA. So when I saw the preview ofDurango 
All Show and No Go. Lovely expert dance choreography for the viewer to watch, but this video fails as an instructional tool. The styling tips in the introduction, such as 
Flat, Trite and Insipid Noir: Beware if You Like Ms. Garshon. SO, here again! This is just another Columbia Tristar s straght-to-video film, which, if you know what I mean, 
not received. I was charged for this item but never received it. I corrected my address but never got it. My other 2 movies came, though  
Just shooting. Black Hawk Down hasn t got an interesting story on offer. When a bunch of marines is stranded in Mogadishu, Somalia all hell breaks loose as militants start 
Terrible!. I saw the MLP movie and then I got this and was shocked. The witches have the stupidest voices ever! The original voices were SO much better. Even I 
Full Frontal Boring!. All you have to know about Avanti: 1972. This is the old guard from the fifties trying to make a hip comedy about new sexual mores that 
IS THIS EVEN WORTH REVIEWING, OH YEAH, HALLE BERR Y IN IT. There is 1 reason for you. This is a movie about a guy who is a really crazy 
Simply unwatchable... Never could have guesse that this movie would be so bad. COuld not reach the end of it, a very rare occasion!! The dialogues are so ludicrous, characters 
Very Disappointed. As an avid reader of Jane Austen, I was very dissappointed in the acting. This film, however, was extremely accurate in sticking with the book. But, I was 
Like to waste your time? Then you ll love this one. I saw this one in the theater after a friend of a friend convinced me to see it with 
Comic Fluff For The Kiddies. Films based on comic books are a bit of a mixed bag. While never my favorite genre, the stakes have been raised in recent years. 
A B-movie with a little more substance. Michael Moriarity is my hero! He is just one of the coolest actors in my opinion. He has done such great B-movies as 
Wanna Sleep? Watch Robot Monster by Phil Tucker!. My wife complains about falling asleep mid-way throughmy favorite TV Series Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea .Either it was carb 
Sweet nonesense..... Perhaps the most absurd horror film, next to Cabin fever, I have ever had the misfortune of viewing. From a technical point of view this film was terrible 
What a stupid movie. I really thought this was pretty lame movie, and in NO way a comparrison to Reservoir Dogs or Pulp Fiction the way one reviewer described. The 
Hang me from my neck until I m dead... If I ever:a subject myself to this movie ever againorb subject anyone else including animals to this movieForm a mob and 
Melvin should have another serving of paste. Directors, actors, and all others associated with the film industry make a real effort to be cerebral. It s understandable, as it s 
It s alright. I like that you can customize your workout or use a pre programed one. There is the option of only having music and no talking which is 
don t be &quot;con&quot; vinced into watching this. To be honest with you I thought the movie was really bad. the acting was ok but the only good part about 
Shame on the band for putting this out. Undoubtedly the worst Best Of DVD ever made, even if someone gives this DVD as a gift you should punch that person 
For Preverbal Babies?. As a counselor for families with young babies, I have had the opportunity to review a number of language programs both sign and verbal for preverbal babies 
This Collection STUNK!!!. I am more of a big Cow and Chicken fan and was horrified that it came with an episode where something bad happened to Chicken. I am 
The legend reworked... To be fair, the legends of Herakles, as they were originally written, have little to do with this movie, but maybe that s for the best. Having 
The Master of Disguise experience... Can be easily captured without buying the DVD.Firstly, rip up 13.Then, beat yourself over the head with a hammer until your brains are coming out 
Large disappointment. Showgirl is mistakenly taken to Paris to perform for diplomatic relations, accompanied by Bolger. Wanna guess the ending? Everything from the songs to the plot are unconvincing and 
A movie on Castellano, how boring. I love Chazz P. and I can see why he would want to give the other side of the Castellano epic, but man is 
 Is That All There Is? . I generally admire Jennifer Aniston s work so I picked this up when the video store offered a second rental free with the 
What Happened to That Golden Eye?. When Reflections in a Golden Eye was first released theatrically, the film was color tinted or filtered so that virtually everything was a golden 
A slap in the face to any Jules Verne fan!. I have to be honest I only watched the first ten minutes of this hunk of junk. I ussually will 
A Pleasant Scott Western That Could Have Been More. Any Western boasting the likes of Randolph Scott, Ernest Borgnine, and Lee Marvin should be an all-time great, but Stranger Wore 
The cover looks familiar???. Even though the show is on a downfall, hoping to end soon, the cover looks vaguelly familiar. Oh, yes. It looks like Friends. Not only is 
No thank you. I found Yi Yi to be a tedious film, at times the action and characters felt quite contrived and cliched. The subtitles were poorly highlighted and I 
SEASON FOR THE ORIGINAL B&B FANS!!. I m not a mainstream Beavis & Butthead fan...the fans that jumped on the bandwagon when they became popular. I was there from the 
Phewww....Awful!. I see that Freeman & Hackman are executive producers on this stinker.Just reaffirms, I guess, that actors are not the best judges of goodmaterial for themselves. The truth in 
Don t waste your time!. I ordered this dvd on the premise of viewing a great, seriously done, artistic, erotic film based on the reviews it had already. What I 
Buyer Beware - BLU-RAY. This is a BLU-RAY disc - it does NOT say that in the product description! I got taken in not once but twice and now I 
Boring. I find this show very boring. Like another reviewer said, all they do is travel to the recording studio, watch T.V., do laundry and fight over food. You might 
Okay, not a barn burner though. Interesting movie, little short on the story line, some of the actors were not as believable as they could have been the native americans 
DON T BUY THIS VIDEO!!!. Whatever you do, do NOT buy this film. This is not Drunken Master 1 or 2. As a matter of fact Jackie Chan isn t 
Walled up originality. Playing tug-o-war with the good and bad clichs of current film-noirs, Brick both coasts on, and is derailed in its gloriously deft, yet non-atmosphere building visual eye; 
The Previews Looked Amazing. I remember when Brotherhood Of The Wolf was being released and it looked so good and you know why? Because they show you just the fight 
Warning: Avoid at all costs. This movie is horrible. There is not a saving grace about it. Lucio Fulci is the worst of the Italian sub-genre directors and that is 
Mostly a Waste of Time. The movie starts off very slowly, gathers a bit of steam, and then takes a plot turn that is totally inconsistent with the personalities of 
Preaching disguised as a movie. After watching Spirited Away I was excited to watch other movies by the same director. Unfortunately every movie seems to be an excuse to preach 
Not moved. I m going to assume the book I Captured the Castle is better than the movie. The cinematography is excellent, and the acting is decent all around except 
Chinatown DVD. I STILL have not received this DVD. It was ordered on 12 8 06 and was supposed to ship on 12 12 06. I am very upset that 
 I must know everything. I must penetrate the heart of his secret! I must become Caligari! . Robert Wiene s The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari is a celebrated work 
There is NO English audio track. It is entirely in Swedish. This movie is entirely in Swedish with English subtitles. It is incorrectly listed as havng an English audio track. 
Very light. Just not enough meat here to make it worth recommending to others. This DVD attempts to cover far too many topics and doesn t really do any of 
old documentary!. Please think this DVD is recorded in 1986. More worse, this is recorded as a documentary. Sound quality is worst. After I bought this and DVD of &quot;Company&quot; 
Hollywood costume epic, drama over substance. This is another Hollywood costume epic. They spared no expense with the set and costumes, hired talented big name actors Rex Harrison, Liz Taylor 
You Never Know Who They Really Are...But You Do... Clownhouse is mainly associated with a sex scandal involving the director and the youngest boy actor. While hearing of Salva s 
Zurian. Good Grief...I know this is supposed to be a classic and all but is this the best the producers could do? Maybe I m missing the point but I 
Broadway s Lost Treasures. I can t write a review because I had to send both CD s back because they would not play. I just ordered another one yesterday, 
waste of money!. i wonder if those people at SOny took a moment to watch the final product, before they put it out in the market! i am sure they 
A one hour idea stretched to almost three hours. I found this movie to be almost unwatchable. If your idea of a good time is watching Henry Gibson trying to 
The downhill slide begins in earnest. If season four saw Homicide:LOTS lose its footing, season five was the one in which it slipped and began sliding downhill in a hurry. 
Can We Be Proud That We Are American s For Once. The film Why We Fight, I believe is nothing more than another movie that looks to criticize America. I 
Biased propaganda buy. The Armenian Genocide is a biased piece of propaganda, if you want a truly impartial view of the events buy and view The Armenian Revolt by Martin 
Ruined By Implausibility And Lack Of Answers. Unlike most people here, I very much enjoyed Season 3. It had a compelling story line and numerous villains who were played superbly. 
A pale imitation of its predecessors. If you are interested n this type of story, buy To Sir With Love or Boys Town instead. Dangerous Minds is simply boring and 
God Awful. I m stunned.Every once and a while a movie comes along that is so deeply in love with itself AND so deeply flawed that you are left sitting 
Obviously there is an audience for this product.... George A. Romero enters with yet another installment in his banal and grossly visual zombie flicks and hopefully this will be the 
rating of this movie. This movie was not Bill Murray s best. I would not recommend it to anyone  
An Abomination. With great anticipation and relish i awaited this accumulation of the works of probably one of the greatest playwrites of the 20th century. Having seen a short promotional 
Funny Once. I remember these movies as being funny, but the quality of the transfer and the aspect ratio of the DVD s in this set is pretty awful. Hard 
Good Live Footage but Not Much Insight into the Band... Ramones Raw is basically Marky Ramone with a handheld camera annoying Johnny, Joey, Dee Dee and C.J. while on tour. 
The 10 Bucks Back Deal Is Over! It Is Expired!. The Pretender is an awesomely good TV show but why buy this starter set that only has one episodes from 
Awful. The depression era introduction was the best part of this movie as another reviewer mentioned. From the moment they reached King Kong s island the movie quickly spiraled to 
Sorry Tom...... I m giving this movie two stars because of the supporting actors, and, the book from which the movie is taken. I believe those are what the rest 
The Hills have Eyes. I did not even received the DVD and how amI going to review the movie. Please tell me how to......  
Boring, Empty. I rented this movie because Marguerite Moreau looked hot on the box. But she didn t look nearly as good in the movie. Her character was a smoking 
It couldn t be worse. It couldn t be worse. I mean that literally. That s not to say there isn t humor to be found here. In fact, my 
ORIGINAL IS BETTER~!. If you want UNCUT ORIGINAL version, ALWAYS look for ORIGINAL LICENSED Production. NOT US Release. Its a foreign film, it should not be US version to begin 
having seen most shocking horror films. having seen the most shocking of horror films that relish in the grotesque and stay in our minds like a stain on our brain 
It s OK, but..... The problem is they put in a lot of footage that is NOT of the Third Reich; such as, of Japan, England, America, etc. etc....It was 
Becomes Old Very Fast!. The first five minutes of the dvd was interesting; however, after that I found that I was forcing myself to watch it without a great deal 
Insufferable. I know, I know - Elaine Stritch is a legend - she makes sure you know it, believe me... Maybe I m the only one in the universe who 
This movie is truely awful. I m a big fan of the role playing game called Dungeons and Dragons. However, this pile of dung masquerading as a movie bears no 
too loud. When the background music completely overpowers the dialogue, you may as well turn it off. The background music was piercing and I needed to have the remote in 
Wow...shockingly bad movie. I watched this movie and I don t review things very often but felt a need to save others from wasting two hours of their life watching 
An Abomination. With great anticipation and relish i awaited this accumulation of the works of probably one of the greatest playwrites of the 20th century. Having seen a short promotional 
hollow man 2 is indeed that-HOLLOW. there are many reasons to rip apart this movie, there are enough holes that even NEW YORK rats could go through. however, what this 
Diary of Ellen Rimbauer. I read the book before seeing the movie. The book was good. The movie was terrible. I did not like it at all. The movie did 
wrong. Peter Fonda and Kurt Russell surfing a wave down a Los Angeles reservoir is not cool, does not make this movie worth a look, good God, that scene stinks. 
Would not recommend. This movie was awful. I kept watching it because I thought eventually it was going to get better but it never did. The plot: two men abandon 
Tsukamoto can do better. Much better. I like Shinya Tsukamoto. He s a great director TOKYO FIST , a talented actor ICHI THE KILLER and an imaginative writer TETSUO , 
Violent, old-style violent cartoon. I bought this movie for my son s 3rd birthday. How I wish I had watched it first! I gave it one star only because the 
Good start, terrible ending. Risen from the Dead of 1998 Direct to DVD hell the cast of Katie Holmes, Nick Stahl, Steve Railsback, Bruce Greenwood and William Sadler make an 
Not the full film. The dvd is missing one of the best scenes from the video version of the same movie: The scene where the woman is being walled up 
Watch Das Boot instead. I just finished watching Das Boot. To even draw comparisons between these two movies is absolutely ridiculous. Where Das Boot is a gripping human tale of 
Surprisingly bad. I bought this because it is made by Cannon Movie Tales and I love Puss in Boots , which they also made. Because Puss in Boots was so 
Vertically and Creatively Challenged. Chances are, if you re reading this review, you re not expecting Little Man to be anything special. My guess is you re familiar with the 
Dumb movie, horrible 5.1 track. Avoid at all costs. See my IMDb review for more. And I don t give a dang if you say no. It s a movie 
13 reasons to turn it off... 13 - Monk should stick to Monk12 - The ghosts aren t scary11 - Matthew Lillard is annoying10 - The very first scene says 
THE COEN BROTHERS COLLECTION. The DVDs we received were not formatted to Zone 4 Australia se we ve had to return the goods, unfortunately. Therefore, no helpful comments  
Out of Reach... out of ideas... out of patience...outta here... On the trail of stinky excrements such as The Foreigner and Out for a Kill, current reigning straight-to-video monarch Steven 
Jungle Book 2 Did not Have To Be made Limited Issue Is 100 Times Better. Disney keeps goming out with sequels to the best DVD s ever made.The Jungle Book 
Give It Up, Charlie!. Let me first say that I enjoyed the original Death Wish a great deal. While some would castigate its supposed political bent, I think its association 
Walt Must Be Twisting In His Grave!. This movie is very bad, and I mean HORRIBLE. Vin Diesel cannot act! What the heck was he thinking?! Walt Disney must be 
Worst movie EVER!!. I purchased this movie based upon the reviews and recommendations from others on Amazon.com who I assumed had watched it and liked it. Not knowing the titles 
Poser Generation-X. This stuff here is trash, filthy, dirty, & an embarassment to the world. I m so glad that I was taught right about the world & I wouldn 
Hypercube. Cube 2: Hypercube is NOTHING compared to the original Cube . I admit, the idea of parallel universes is intriguing, but, being a sequel of the original Cube movie, 
go to he . In the worlds time of crisis you have to show your true colors!!!!! Go to HELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
My House in Umbria. DVD would not play. DVD stuck and would not go forward  
Wow, really awful. While the ending of this film is a surprise and a little interesting, it is in no way worth sitting through the rest of the movie. Truly 
Don t waste your time purchasing this product. I didn t like this video for several reasons. The rubber band is a waste of time and hurts your hands. I 
Jerry Lewis Worst Movie. I admit I gave up on this movie after about 50 minutes. But up to that point the whole comedy revolved around Dean Martin bullying and 
 You re not a loser, Eddie, you re a winner. Some men never get to feel that way about anything. . Robert Rossen s The Hustler is a film 
2.35 STARS: could have been three stars, but too many flaws. This movie is somewhat difficult to rate in my opinion because there are some good things about Clownhouse and 
Heart not alive on my Xbox360. My HD-DVD also does not work on the 360 add on. I tried the press OK and everything else I could think of. This 
Lovely, haunting story, marred by an unrealistic Jennifer Jones. I remember reading this story in junior high school - it s a wonderful, haunting tale of the love between a 
YAWN... Not what I expected when renting this movie. As others have said Clarissa came off too pure and innocent. Futhermore, I don t understand why such a viriginal woman 
IS THERE A GOOD ACTRESS OUT THERE????. An intelligent script is done in by the overdone histrionics of Miss McEntire who it seems cannot act her way out of a 
I REGRET EVER RENTING THIS STUPID-A BULLSH T. A COP GOES UNDERCOVER AT A LOCAL HIGH SCHOOL TO INVESTIGATE A MURDER AND TO BRING DOWN A VICIOUS GANG OF DRUG 
How Many Times Are They Going to Make This Doggy Movie?. You know, usually I am a big fan of older movies as they were typically made better and had 
A well acted snooze fest with juvenile politics. This is billed as a thriller but there are hardly any thrills. It would have benefitted from some judicious cutting to make 
Not what I expected from other reviews... I don t know alot about old movies, especially not silent film, or anything before the 40 s, so maybe my opinion is 
Hands down the worst of the series that has to do with Michael . Yup, definately the worst Halloween movie. Come on, Michael on a reality show? Ha! What the 
THEY TRIED I GUESS. The saga of the candyman continues in this third installment of the hit series. I can remember the first time I watched the original created by 
Uncle Buck with John Candy. This movie was not entertaining at all, bad script, etc  
Okay. I agree with David Thomson when he says few audiences in the West would be content to view an American epic composed solely of battles and their contexts. Kurosawa 
TorpanInternational. This film is a piece of historical record,but thats as far as it went.Im sad that the screen writer want to concentrate on forification ,as much as did.More explaination 
Very Dissapointing Mr. Lynch. I should ve known this was going to be bad when inside the DVD is an advertisement for David Lynch s own brand of coffee beans. 
Vastly overrated. Having seen some animes and enjoyed them, I was casting around for some good animes to purchase. Stumbling across Ninja Scroll, I saw dozens of people declaring NS 
Wow, surprise. Im really astounded by how well this movie has been rated. I love Depp and I thought it was terrible. I think he wanted to do something a 
Dean Cain vs. Giant Snake = So-So Movie. Another film in the never-ending series of Giant Animated Snake Eats People films that have been plaguing us for almost a decade. 
Well meaning but dated and corny movie. Being a fan of obscure quality African American cinema I figured I would give Five on the Black hand Side a try. After 
another waste of a possible good movie. umm the title says pretty much how i feel about this movie soo much potential but it chokes. they are a few nice 
Disappointed. The language in this movie was very inappropriate for family viewing and I would not recommend it to anyone. I did not watch the entire movie because it never 
if considering this purchase, PLEASE READ!!!!. Interesting premise, great acting from an amazing cast. Maybe not as quite up there with abre les ojos, but still pretty good. Also and 
Definitely teaches the basics. My husand and I purchased this DVD to sharpen our dance skills. It was extremely basic, so if that s what you are looking for then 
Back to the well, and this one was shallow to begin with... I hate to admit I actually own this thing on VHS. And unless my mind is going more 
Disappointing. A really disappointing DVD. I love John Lovitz. Funniest guy they had, but this DVD only has a couple of his best bits. Way too much other garbage mixed 
Disappointing. The famous ballet scene was omitted. They made Margeurite a nun which she never was, and it just doesn t work. Worst of all, they altered the original ending 
Not good... Just rented this dvd and was quite surprised. Normally, I m a big George Clooney and Matt Damon fan. However, in this film, their talents were underutilized and 
Expected so much, got so little...left feeling disappointed. Saw this Movie at the actual Premier in NYC and met Sturla Gunnerson and I told him exactly how I felt. Gerard 
Go-go Gadget Hearthrob....uggh. I grew up watching Inspector Gadget in the 1980 s, and was always fascinated by Penny s computer book. Since I only had to make do with 
To be and to have DVD. Unfortunately the DVD I received was a region 1 DVD, and could not be played i Denmark, which I informed you about, and after 
the squatter as hero. In terms of both format and style - and despite its superficially modernist tendencies - Rent has its roots firmly planted in the grand old operatic 
The Thin Red Line between good and bad acting. I thought I remembered this as being a good movie when I was a kid. Upon seeing this movie again, some 
Terrible. I used to like this film back in the late 80s but after purchasing it, reading the book and watching it again I realized that there isn t much 
the name says it all. this movie is one of the 3 ~worst~ movies I ve ever seen.these 98 minutes seemed more like 6 hours.and for chrissake - he s 
A Great film,BEWARE OF PUBLIC DOMAIN VERSIONS!. &quot;Metropolis&quot;,Fritz Lang s 1927 silent masterpiece,is one of the most important films ever made and also a great one! But over the years,this 
Rapid Fire has no fire to rapidly fire with. Brandon Lee s Legacy Of Rage, The Crow second to last film before his untimely passing. This has Lee going up 
You get what you pay for... terrible film-DVD transfers, and yes, you get 50 movies for about 13, but look at the titles carefully. if you feel you can enjoy 
error. I live in Europe and I didn t think of one thing; my dvd- player has a region- code. So, I can t play the dvd Warlock ! What 
I agree...it s disappointing. This DVD is nothing more than a recycling of 3 previous episodes of the show. For a best of volume, I expected much shorter segments from 
ugh. this was just an excuse to have beautiful naked adolescence running around on a beach in Fiji.Ugh  
Pick up your violin, David.... I liked David Cross more when he was the violinist for King Crimson in the 1970 s. His comedy pales in comparison to his progressive 
Do not rent, and definetively do not buy!!. Probably the worst Disney-release I have ever seen, badly drawn, and no movie at all, it is a collection of three different, 
More Madacy trash... Madacy has done it again...taken what could have been decent DVD s and turned them into trash. The video transfer from film is very poor, but the 
Mr. L Mapes. I was very disappointed in this product, as the recordings were the worst I ve ever seen. I could have done a better job of recording these 
Review of DVD not production. Firstly I have to say that this is not a Mobile Masterpiece production it is a BBC production. The production itself is excellent, my favorite 
Drown, damn you, drown!!. How could Mr. Cameron take a subject like this and a cast and brig out the worst in everybody?The production design and cinematopraphy are sumptuos, but 
FOCUS, PLEASE!!!. I haven t seen work of this quality since high school AV class. Friends of Ram Dass will skip this embarrassing mess like first period biology. Too bad 
How Many Times Are They Going to Make This Doggy Movie?. You know, usually I am a big fan of older movies as they were typically made better and had 
Laughably bad.. Ha ha ha.. I can t stop laughing about how terrible this film and I use the term film very loosely is. What would ever posess such a 
NO ENGLISH SUBTITLES. There are NO English Subtitles as it says there are in the DVD Features. I would think subtitles would be a pretty standard feature in DVD movies 
Doubtful. Blade Runner didn t do much justice for me. There s something missing or wrong with the theatrical and the 1991 DC versions. I will give this movie another 
Mediocre At Best. Broly was one of my least favorite DBZ movies, along with Bojak unbound. One of the reasons I have a problem with a lot of the DBZ 
Garry s friends show real flare. This film has many original themes that are played out in the movies of today. For those that watched Total Eclipse you remember Damsel 
biggest disappointment EVER. If you are looking for something shocking, don t bother with this movie.rape scene: why doesn t she run???? why doesn t she fight??? how come there 
Rent it Before you Buy it. . As with volume 1, it could be a great anime but rent it first. If you can t watch it, it doesn t 
dragging the art of skateboarding back another 30 years. if your a real skateboarder, you ll hate this film.if you don t skateboard you ll probably hate skateboarders after this 
You ve got to be kidding. This movie is basically about 12 yr. old boys crying with each other. When does that ever happen? The dialogue is completely unbelievable considering 
GARBAGE. It looks like this film was shot in someone s basement. Katt didn t sale his jokes. But his uses some of these joke in the Pimp Chronicles and 
Propaganda film. This film is about WW II, and one of the key, islands we took from the Japanese. I find it very, well acted in a hammy, sort of 
did they read the book?. it seems like the actors didn t even read the book before they decided how to play their parts! amanda root is terrible as anne 
Boring. There s nothing clever or subtle about this movie, there s no energy or chemistry, and it ain t even funny. Many movies can get away with formulas and 
Weak film with a spectacularly bad ending. I notice that most of the Amazon reviews of Secret Window have been written by fans of Johnny Depp, and that fact probably 
Dull Graveyard. Charles Band invites you into his Dull Graveyard...This movie starts with a little girl playing with a bunch of dolls. She mistakenly bumps into a table and breaks 
Very funny in the wrong way. I saw this movie in the theatre back in 1983. At the time I thought it was the kitschiest film ever made. The costumes, 
The Wild Side. There are two versions for this film , which is not generally known. Someone selling it should. I was not informed when I bought the G rated 
awful, horrible, ridiculous. i cannot get thru this one. i started fast-forwarding but there didn t appear to have any good spots. when i saw that christian cammpbell was in 
Drab. Autopsy is an ugly and unpleasant giallo from 1975 that I really didn t enjoy. Starring Mimsy Farmer, it tells the story of a spate of deaths that appear 
A bad sequel to Once Upon a Time in China. This film does not come close to the quality of Once Upon a Time in China. First of all, the 
Bad porn. The setting of this film is in the late 70s, just before adult movie theatres were driven out of business by the invention of the VCR and the 
THE MIRACLE OF ... WHAT?. This is my first time in this forumI ve seen the film of the 2nd disc and I found the copy...NOT ONLY BAD BUT UNNOTICEABLEAS 
I thought he already lost the election; why s he still campaining?. Hopelessly misguided. Overwhelmingly biographical. Smartly directed.Al Gore s never ending struggle to prove that mankind is destroying the 
The world s full of lonely people. Patrick Dempsey had an usual niche in the 80s teen comedy, as did the characters he played. He was the lovable loser who 
Disappointing mastering. Due to a technical defect during mastering,this DVD a verbatim transfer of the old RCA Columbia Pictures VHS program clips off the start of the song Maneater .Hold 
Pretty Bad!!. The expectations for this film embraced the word, epic, but all-in-all, this one missed the boat by orders of magnitude. As a film that was likely intended to 
R..... not PG. This movie is rated PG; yet I was not able to show this movie to my kids. I know that the world is full of aggression, however 
Has not aged well. Q Larry Cohen, 1982 I have very fond memories of seeing this as a teen, and rented it for the purpose of giving it another look 
Awful!. What a waste of talent! Watching this anemic compilation of unfunny bits begs the question.....who is at fault? I mean if this show was as bad as is represented 
Disappointing. Weird, whacked out interpretation of Lewis Carroll s Alice in Wonderland that combines live-action with some stop-action animation to create a creeped out dreamscape. White rabbit is a sawdust-stuffed 
Someone should have saved me from buying this... Bought this dvd for only 10 dollars at a not-so-local shopping centre, only because they didn t have this movie to rent 
FOR BEGINNING BEGINNERS ONLY!!!. Well, I guess I should ve read more reviews of this DVD. It is STRICTLY for beginners. I don t sweat and my heart rate barely 
A classic celebration of war. One of the first genres moviemakers turn to, when wanting to stir up a little historical or emotional reflection, is war. Films about war make 
Bad pacing destroys this Spaghetti. There are many interesting aspects to this film, but unfortunately the pacing and anti-climax sink it. The first half hour is sadistic brilliance, including a 
Not a sleeper. I now know why I had not heard much about this movie. Only buy it if you like Broadway musicals because it is not your typical Doris 
awful. The Nine Lives of Fritz the Cats succeeds in being offensive, but that s about all it does. Unlike the South Park movie, which came out in 99 and 
For Verisimilitude or Acting Ability, Look Elsewhere. This is the type of movie that has me shaking my head and wondering why time, effort and money are invested in such 
 Is this funny still? Yet? I honestly can t tell... . Seasons One, Two, Three: Go Man, Go! Season Four: the one to forego.Speaking as a fan who was 
Pretentious, boring, political, un-real. Thirteen year olds can be easily impressed by cheap tricks, heartfelt lyrics, and a lot of pretty lights. So it goes with some reviewers of this 
Terrible. I could not sit through this movie. The acting and screenplay are terrible. This film could be described as a bad made-for-tv movie at best.I ended up fast-forwarding though 
Thin, yes.. Good, no.. Simply not an enjoyable film. Nick Nolte s performance was poor and monotonous, as were most the actors within the film. As a member of the 
too loud. When the background music completely overpowers the dialogue, you may as well turn it off. The background music was piercing and I needed to have the remote in 
Its just ....ok. The first Cruel Intentions was highly underrated. There was a strong chemistry within the cast obviously since Reese & Ryan married! and the characters weren t one 
How are people rating this 5 stars. I should first say that I have not watched the series, but will follow that up by saying that this movie has not 
Mediocrity. Heavyweights was a quite a disappointment, considering the presence of Ben Stiller.The movie sheds light on a popular summer camp for fat children that unexpectedly finds itself under different 
Did I watch the same movie???. Ok.. I read the other reviews for this movie and I am a little confused. Was it the same movie? The martial arts were 
not amazing. don t think to be amazed by this.it is a nice gentle documentary of what air force today is.I don t know what Imax could do on such 
don t bother..the movie is not gripping ni important. I bought this film and was very disappointed don t make the same mistake I did. do not buy it a 
Disappointing British Series. I am a big fan of British mysteries and had reasonably high hopes for this series from the reviews. Alas, I found them much less than I 
more like 2 and a half stars. Before I get started with my review i must say one thing. Im not just a mindless hater, trying to bash a fanatical 
It s OK. The transfer is real real bad, the story is also weird but its o  
MORE MOUNTAIN MADNESS... When I saw this DVD in the video store, I knew that I would rent it, as I have a thing for mountains, despite the feeling it 
A Big Waste Of Time!!!!. I loved the original movie, and I love Johnny Depp so I thought this movie would be awesome.Wrong wrong wrong!! First of all, the child 
curse of the producers missing cut. I ve seen both versions and suggest skipping them both along with Halloween 5 unless you just can t help yourself.Pros for The Curse 
Worst BE we own. My son, husband, and I really do not like this DVD because unlike other Baby Einstein DVDs this DVD is too focused on cheap looking computer 
...you had me at goodbye... ...this movie is at the top of my list...unfortunately, it s the worst movie of all-time list...that s right, ladies and gentlemen, friends and supporters 
Miscast lead in an otherwise enjoyable movie. This otherwise enjoyable futuristic action romp is cursed by the casting of a gratingly over-the-hill Arnold. And since it was released and Arnold 
Best show ever, but DVD has problems!. I bought this the day it came out and watched a couple of episodes without incident and then began watching The Bend In 
Well acted, beautiful imagery, but SLOW, DULL and OBVIOUS. All-star, REALLY HOT, awesome cast; excellent acting, great costuming and beautiful cinematography. A shirtless Jackman scene.However, a convoluted mess of a 
WHERE S THE SHOW???. Ok, this is by far the most pathetic taping of a show although Sweeney Todd comes to a close second . Where is the show?! They 
Not enough variation. Although the video was easy to follow, there was no variation between the segments. The 10 minute segments were basically the same. I was looking for a 
Just Take the Hockey Mask and Run. If you follow my writing, you know that I thought Part 1 and 2 were pretty good; I did NOT like this 3rd 
Really bad!. It s difficult to fathom that anyone would make such a bad movie. I agree that the young lead actor is very cute, but that s the only 
Horrible. This DVD is a horrible example of Latin dancing. The steps are extremely difficult to follow mainly because they are shown at such a slow pace that it makes 
What ... the ... hell?. It s hard to believe I watched the same movie as everyone else here. This movie fails on every level. It isn t a good 
Praying for engine trouble!. Saw this as an inflight movie. Boy, did I pray for engine trouble, so we d have to land and I could get away! Sucks or 
Reincarnation .....doggy style?. A trouble some pooch who has reaccuring dreams of being something else, something far greater.... A man. After a series of silly events he begins to take 
Interesting subject...poor documentary style. Ray Johnson is a virtually unknown figure of the Pop Art scene and his story is filled with interesting figures from New York at the time. 
ORIGINAL IS WAAAY BETTER~!!. If you want UNCUT ORIGINAL version, ALWAYS look for ORIGINAL LICENSED Production. NOT US Release. Its a foreign film, it should not be US version to 
Supercreep. Steve Coogan steals kids toys and soils them with his X Ray eyes. Knowing Me Knowing You is nowhere near as funny as his Alan Partridge sitcom or the 
Should be called a documentary!. I thought this would have more complete songs--like U2 s Rattle and Hum or Styx s Return to Paradise. Instead it is a documentary with 
Too true to Life. I read the book when it was first published and then a friend had a son diagnosed with leukemia and went through the same thing as 
Overplaying the Star Aspect. I used to own the VHS version of this, but threw it away when I realized that it had very few funny sketches on it. I 
So So Film Shows Its Age. First, If you can find this film to rent, do so before buying. It is listed as a French sex farce. It is more 
floozy & boozy jessica gets her golden boy. jessica lange won an oscar for this, proof positive that some years are so bereft of strong performances, they HAVE to give 
Doesn t hold a candle to the original. This is a remake of An Affair to Remember with Cary Grant and Deborah and it does not work. Some movies just 
Bette and Woody?. Bette Midler and Woody Allen together would make one think of a movie that is very funny and pleasing. Instead here we get one that has more 
Just An Okay High Definition Release ... Disc Picture:The stylized VC-1-encoded 1.85:1 HD DVD picture features differing color schemes depending on the location. The entire presentation is void of highly 
Worst teen romance flick I have seen.... Whatever it Takes...This movie was not even worth my time in watching it. I even heard it was so good I bought it 
Cross-color artefacts. This Deluxe Edition DVD has the worst case of cross-color artifact I have seen on any DVD movie so far. It has a Mastered in Hi Definition sigh 
not very interesting. maybe i m just too picky because i m fond of the quality of recent bbc films. i did not think much of this movie pseudo-artsy, in 
Very Poor. This was a very poor document. I had met the swami that takes you all over, and spent some time with him. He is a complete fake with 
Pretty stupid and obnoxious. Almost unbelievably bad, except I saw the remake of Shaft, which should have been a forewarning. This is like a comic book for filmgoers. No, not 
sorry I got it. could have been a truly interesting film, just plain simpleminded and annoying  
Brad was the only hilight. I thought I was going to be watching a very special movie based on all of the hype and reviews. I wasn t looking for 
Bad porn. The setting of this film is in the late 70s, just before adult movie theatres were driven out of business by the invention of the VCR and the 
Modern Film Making at its... Weirdest. Do you not understand modern art? Or does 50 or more of the art in MOMA confuse you? If you answered yes to either 
Disappointing. It could have been a good one. But everything seems to be out of focus. The love story does not work between Redford and Lena Olin, the story is 
Feeble at best. If I had the choice I would rate it 0 stars. The video talks to people like children and treats the viewer as if they ve had 
corny, but still funny!. It almost seemed like the acting got worse after every season. I m really a big fanof what s happening. There is a episode where Raj 
Not exactly the The Texas Chainsaw Massacre . After seeing the overhyped American Gothic , I must say that I came away disappointed. What you have here is a movie 
best movie ever... if you re retarded. The dynamic Root duo deliver yet another yawner in this painful children s comedy. My advice to Root is that he should be 
Absolutely Nauseating!. I don t care what the Hollywood media machine has told the world about this annoying and worthless film. Every character is a cliche. Warren Beatty and Halle 
Well, that was dreadful. I only bought this DVD, because I m a rabid Jason Isaacs fan, and I m intent on eventually seeing everything in his IMDB listing, but 
What a pity!. I hope people don t start to think of this movie as Alien 5. In my mind this is a whole new venture, one that is separate 
Not the Classic John Mantley Story. There s a 1957 film of the same name, by director William Asher and starring Gene Barry: THE 27th DAY. It s based on 
Mortal Kombat: Annihilated. Such a sad sequel to the best video game movie. Mortal Kombat: Anilhilation was anihilated the day it was made. The story was poorly done. I didn 
WHAT WENT WRONG?. What in the world happened with this clunker? You have a script from Oscar winning writer John Patrick Shanley Moonstruck ; a cast any director would die 
Blood is thicker than Water: Gory, Flawed---& Beautiful. Nobody in Hollywood would deny that the movie business is War. And as we all know from General Sherman, War is Hell.First-time 
A merciful two star rating; Look for future Arena Football Def. Coor. Stan Davis as 1 child actor & funny bit about Cheap Trick. Surprisingly sleaze and Chauvinismby female Director 
Biscuit eating fools. The film-makers will walk the plank in shark infested waters for this one.Blackbeards ghost does not wander around a random college campus making smart comments, pulling lame 
Dull and boring. This Trick should refund your money... Like most indie gay themed movies, Trick had quite a bit of buzz around it. A terrific movie with Tori Spelling! 
Not Too Great!. This was a definite let down. It is too bad that Pablo s first DVD since Bits & Pieces cannot nearly hold a candle. Bits & Pieces 
Quite possibly one of the worst movies ever made. The book made a huge impression on me 35 years ago. I fell in love with the story and was envious 
the real Pinero deserved better. First, let me say that Benjamin Bratt was great, despite the fact the script didn t give him much to work with. The rest of 
not worth your time or money. I saw this movie cause I love horror, and I love Halle. But this movie just sucked  
Disappointed. As a fan of Acorn Media and a viewer of anything BBC that I can get my hands on, I have to say that I was disappointed by this 
THIS MOVIE WOULD HAVE BEEN ACTED BETTER IF THEY USED REAL RETARDS!!!!!!!. I can t give it any less than one star but what the heck, The girls were hot 
Disappointing sequel. The first Saw movie was like a breathe of fresh air to the genre. It wasn t a PG-13 rated teen fest or a remake of a classic 
What For Pussycat?. I am a big fan of Woody Allen and I presume that I will eventually get around to seeing all of his movies. Prior to viewing What 
Unrealistic. OK - I can get over the fact that the cat can talk, etc. But the idea that he has a British doppelganger is TOO MUCH! Any true reader 
Major Problem. This movie had a lot of potential. I did not even mind the changes in the movie from the stage production. BUT, any one with any singing experience 
Erotica in The old West. This is the saga of two women, friends, who find themselves sexually frustrated because their husbands are married to their work. Grace Amy Lindsay and 
OVER RATED GARBAGE!. I bought this thinking oh no! Am I going to be able to handle this?I mean this is the movie that is suppose to be worse as 
Greatest American Hero-Season 3. I recently bought season 3 of Greatest American Hero. WHAT S UP THOUGH WITH THE EPISODES BEING OUT OF ORDER? Ralph and Pam are married in 
WOW. Boy this movie was weird and psycho. I happen to like the weird movies but it was WAY off the psycho side for me. Friends try to cover up 
HORRIBLE!. I was forced to watch this movie for college. It was the most vulgar, unnecessary piece of junk I have ever seen. This is a perfect example of the 
Personal Best needs Qualification. I purchased the set hoping to get the some of the best bits most well known sketches of Monty Python and I have been sorely disappointed. 
Worst movie EVER!!. I purchased this movie based upon the reviews and recommendations from others on Amazon.com who I assumed had watched it and liked it. Not knowing the titles 
Kundera was right to object. The movie doesn t at all reflect the original book story in its core concept. If I didn t read the book before I wouldn 
Subpar. One cup of coffee away from a psycho ward or one cigarette puff short of nuclear meltdown, James Woods is always a fascinating study for an audience that thrives 
contrived, implausible crime drama. Four Brothers is yet another nail in the coffin of John Singleton s increasingly moribund moviemaking career. The director - who burst upon the scene in 
Tobe Hooper? Richard Matheson? Masters of Horror? What happened??. One of the most eagerly awaited episodes in Showtime s Masters of Horror series, Dance of the Dead is sadly disappointing. 
Where s the comedy? So slow and boring it puts you to sleep. Synopsis including Ending :Don Ameche Gino , a Chicago shoe shine man, is approached by the mafia 
Fake and Derivative. This review will be simple: Garden State is fake, manipulative and annoying.It tries way too hard, and every idiosyncratic element seems forced and insincere.I hate to offened 
This Lady Snowblood Doesn t Fly. The Princess Blade is a homage to an infinitely better movie, 1973 s Lady Snowblood. It s not like they try to hide that 
Great panoramas. Repugnant story. I do not like movies or stories where people get in trouble by doing things they know they should not do. I like them even less 
I Can t Buy Into It. Amanda Pete is sexy and there was a bit of nudity, but otherwise this film did nothing for me. A bunch of guys who 
Matrix Part Four... Keanu Reeves took this part just after he had done the Matrix movies, and many complained that this movie looked so much like the part he played 
What a bad movie ... I really liked Ashton Kutcher s version, in my opinion, a very good movie but this... It seems like the director didn t understand the 
Disappointing. I ordered this version after reading reviews of it and Badder Santa, thinking maybe I was getting something more than the movie I d already seen and loved. I 
How do you make incest dull ?. For a topic this edgy, this is an incredibly dull film. The actors are good enough, mind you. But they can only do 
Humm Drumm. Not much here. Just same ol practice techniques like sweep picking, patterns, etc. The stuff that s on EVERY guitar video. Buy Rockhouse Videos instead. They show you 
Could have been better. Yup. I like the cartoons and books better than this. sorry  
Is this what Spike Lee did during the Summer of 77?. He was apparently obsessed with penises black and Italian , lesbian sex, and oh, yeah, gay bars.I think there 
disappointing -- especially for the x-men fans!. If you have read and enjoyed any of the X-men, save your , buy the graphic novel of the original dark Phoenix saga, 
Hollywood Apocalypse... Sorta. It s a truism that great novels make lousy movies. For evidence of that fact, you need look no further.As the great Hollywood novel at least there 
CUBY GETS DIRTY. The strange and baffling career of Cuba Gooding takes another dive in this attempt to mirror the success of Denzel s TRAINING DAY. Unfortunately, Cuba s not 
Shamefully Dissappointing DVD. The shows themselves are wonderful, but the people who put together this DVD set should be ashamed of this paltry effort! There are NO cast or staff 
DON T BUY THIS DVD!!!. It s an understatement that many of us feel ripped off by WB s attempt to unfairly empty our wallets. If we refuse to buy 
Good movie. Funny and very inspirational. Good way to encourage young teenagers to build self esteem. If there s a will, there s a way. Anyone can dance  
On the Box. On the rear side of the box it clearly says that this DVD includes Spanish and French language in Mono format. It isn t true, doesn t 
Please, I beg you, stop playing. A very mediocre adaptation of a David Leavitt novel, Food of Love never takes off as a film, despite beautiful location footage. Some of 
Alot of hot people... but the movie it self blew. Yesss.... lots and lots of really hot people.. but the move sucked.  
An American Discgrace in the Discount Video Bin. This film sucked harder than a boatload of whores during shore leave. I originally saw it for free and afterwards, I still 
Nothing but soft porn. The novel of Wide Sargasso Sea was decent book. A re-writing of Jane Eyre s Bertha. But the film is really hard to tolerate. It starts 
NOT THE GREATEST BOX SET!. I m not a big Doris Day fan, but I thought I give the set a shot. Thought Love Me or Leave Me was excellent, 
Trouble staying awake. Can t understand what all the fuss is over this movie. It s cute but so boring. I could hardly stay awake.  
the book is a lot better. i had high expectation on the video but it turned out to be quite disappointed and boring, i have to say that the one 
Disappointed. This documentary is not very in-depth and was not made very well. It seemed to be made in a hurry as there are some obvious mistakes and was not 
Enjoying videos. Not often can we really enjoy a video with grandchildren - or even by ourselves - but this was great with many laughs  
 Based on True Events but still kind of dull... The first ten minutes of this film seemed promising but unfortunately it never quite came together for me. I only 
Back to the well, and this one was shallow to begin with... I hate to admit I actually own this thing on VHS. And unless my mind is going more 
Ugh!. Where to start. It was nice to see Jonathan LaPaglia Frank Parker from 7 Days. Other than that, the movie was horrible. The acting and dialog was very nearly 
The Outbreak snakes?. What do you get when you put nameless terrorists who easily invade top secret military facilities, snakes which coincidentally often look like rope coiled up that are 
NOT WMVHD. Bought this DVD on the basis that it was a High Definition DVD using Microsoft s WMVHD technology i.e like the other IMAX titles such as Amazon, The 
Let s just say you should not watch this instead of reading the book. Shekhar Kapur s vision of A.E.W. Mason s The Four Feathers is well done visually, but 
emotionally and dramatically flat and lifeless; set decoration is the only lively thing on display. Roland Joffe directed two masterpieces: The Killing Fields & The Mission. But those two films, 
Nice to look at is all. Beautiful scenery, nice costumes, great acting, and handsome people, without a good storyline do not a great movie make  
The Character of Martha Dunstock. Rather than give another general review as others have kindly done, my review focuses on one aspect of the film, indeed one character, that of 
booooring!!!!. This is just an art appreciation lecture on disc. I guess art lovers without access to museums or art historians work would need something like this. However, live art 
Opt for Something Better. I think Denise Austin does a decent job in some of her other videos, but this isn t one of them. She lacks any type of 
Ink-a-dink-a-dink!. I have now seen two Judy Garland movies -- The Wizard of Oz and this one. All bets are off about a third.I Could Go On Singing has the 
Nice sets, now where s the story. The production designer of this movie should have been nominated for an Oscar, but his designs were tied to this shaggy dog Alien 
Buyer Beware!!. We got about 5 minutes into the video when my 4 year old started crying, it had frozen, wouldn t work at all. We returned one, got a 
DULL !!!!. MASSACRE IN DINOSAUR VALLEY IS NOT WHAT YOU WOULD THINK. WELL OKAY MAYBE IT S EXACTLY WHAT YOU THINK, HOWEVER ON THE BACK OF THE DVD IT GAVE 
I much preferred Cruel Intentions. Of course, I saw Cruel Intentions first, and it appealed to me more because of Ryan & Reese. No longer Hollywood s Golden Couple, if 
Dust Off Your Bong For This One!. Sit down under a tree, give it a big hug, fire up you bong and go to sleep. That s what I was 
Paaaaaaaa . . . leeeeeeeez. I often wonder if some if not most of the people writing rave reviews, 5 stars, are really paid, biased, professionals pumping up the movie 
pilates intermediate. A great DVD, with an intense 30 min workout. I take this DVD on trips, and with my laptop, I can easily keep up my exercise routine while 
A TRIBUTE. A tribute is defined as a gift or other acknowledgement of gratitude, respect, or admiration. That is what you have here.But, if you want a true picture of 
This just didn t do it for me. Maybe I loved the original one too much, but this version of the story did not work for me. I especially was 
Dumb. Cool band. worst videos ever. ever. makes me like them less. Fearless Freaks is good. This is garbage...  
Too Much Downward Facing Dog. I m sorry, but it seems as if Kristin is stuck on one continuous Downward Facing Dog on this DVD. It seems like there could 
boring and very disturbing. mustic river is the worst eastwood movie ever well the acting is very good over all but the movie is very boring long and very disturbing 
it was ok....but the guys could ve been hotter.. I understand the low budget...stuff like that happens, but the voices didnt match. The mothers voice didnt seem real at all. 
LET ME BORROW YOUR PEN. The frivolous use of writing instruments is the only original idea in this tired kung fooey saga. Although physically imposing, Daniel Bernhardt s acting range 
John Tucker lives???. Okay the person that puts this movie in the same catogory as Bring it on , Clueless , Mean Girls and, especially the superior Heathers .. is 
ZZZZZZZ. Too bad such a great historic moment was trivalized. Choppy. Too long. No substance. Phony. Suggest Clint return to being a mayor. His acting & directing days are over. 
For such a Fun band, this is a BORING DVD. I bought this believing that it was chalked full of full length videos of the sweet performing. Instead we get 
Missing Disc. This product did not include the second disc of the set, instead including a second copy of the third disc. This is quite intolerable  
Lazy Filmmaking. I was quite disappointed with this film. The director used some non-actors to play some of the parts, and it shows. Also, the editing and camera work is 
NOT THAT GREAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I LIKE BUDDY GUY ALOT AND HAVE MOST OF HIS CD S, HOWEVER THIS DVD IS NOT THAT GREAT. I GUESS I WAS EXPECTING IT TO 
Nope. I was not into this movie at all. My mother recommended it to me but it was lame all the way through. A middle-aged man decides he wants to 
Don`t try to use weights Kathy. This was one of the worst tapes I have ever done.This is no quik fix program.I don`t think Kathy Smith is that good of 
The Ultimate 3-D Collection H3D Viewing System. Well....I m not happy with : The DVD s are cool indeed but the so cald H3D Viewing systemi don t like, why 
Very unhappy. I have still not received this product and am being bounced from staff to staff by DHL Global Mail.This is a ridiculous and unacceptable situation.I will never use 
Some Silence Please!. One of the main problems I ve noticed with some films done by folks new to filmaking is a HUGE overreliance on what they perceive as witty 
typical junk from disney for material young girls. terrible and moronic screenplay and dialog, horrible acting, bad directing with formulaic sound track, mimicking every movement of all the characters just 
kitsch is global. A 130-minute barrage of unrelieved bathos and sentimentality, this Swedish import doesn t so much insult your intelligence as complacently assume that you never had any in 
Beware. I made the mistake of not watching this before allowing my 3.5 year old to. I don t consider myself overprotective, but these stories have a kid abusing a 
just not good. this movie sucks. ending is predictable. the line about being as quiet as an ant pissing on cotton was ALMOST good. Reservoir Dogs--now there s a heist 
great idea, bad films. What a great idea for Universal to release some early Cary Grant films, since he was under contract with Paramount and made over 15 pictures for 
I ve seen better. I was somewhat entertained watching this movie, John Travolta made it more interesting that it would have without him. However, it did not really impress me 
just terrible. Honestly, I cannot believe the positive reviews this product has received here! I find I can usually rely on amazon reviews for good information, but this is a 
Big Disappointment!!!!. This video entertains my 21 month old, as do other Pooh videos, but I bought this for educational purposes. I was highly disappointed to see that the A 
Is this horror ??. Well...don t know where to start......bought this one because it has Jeffrey Combs in it, Stuart Gorden is director.....and they did a good job on Re-animator.but 
Awful, just awful. Whatever significance this film has, it derives from the stellar cast. Tyrone Power and Henry Fonda do a credible job portraying Jesse and Frank James despite a 
Horrible sketch comedy....terribly dated, and not very funny... Despite being a comedy show, this turned out to be a rather depressing experience. There were a few amusing bits here and 
Mortal Kombat: Annihilated. Such a sad sequel to the best video game movie. Mortal Kombat: Anilhilation was anihilated the day it was made. The story was poorly done. I didn 
Please, one Jet Li per movie. Spoilers below, but the flick s too stupid for it to matter. Computer technology has greatly aided the filmmaking industry. Twenty years ago, it 
Dull Brass. Interesting only because it was made by Europe s premier exploitation director, Kitty is tedious and has pretensions to being an expose of the Nazis. This film is 
Terrible. Acting plot and everything is so bad that it made me cry... Dragonheart was breathtaking this is......B.S.. worst acting and story i ever saw in a movi  
British Couple in Africa in 1913. A British couple with daughter, start a coffee farm in Kenya Africa in 1913.Haley Mills and family are pleasant. However, the pleasant is undone, 
Batman - The Movie Review. But this for my kids and it was the most boring movie I have ever watched.The shows are more entertaining to watch then the movie 
Slow start, great finish. A beautiful muppet ensamble that just takes to long to get starte  
for die-hard vincent perez fans only... i have to say i was pretty disappointed by this film. afterseeing indochine, queen margot, and le libertin, this vincent perezfilm was a sleeper! 
Nose candy? Want some?. For the first time in reviewing films, I found myself immediately uninterested in this story. I don t know if it was the way that it 
THIS is the review I wish I d read before buying. I looked at the name Groovaloos and I looked at the cover -- and my gut told me not 
who decided to make this train wreck?. I have always hated the coy sex comedies of the early sixties -- men taking advantage of women who had to protect their 
Who writes this stuff?. There is in no way anything in this film that could even remotely be mistaken for hard core content. It was with out a doubt one 
Item did not work. When we tried to play the item on our DVD player the beginning and the end were all garbled and we had to return it. We 
Not for the beginner. I was hoping for a beginning lesson on grooming my dog - just the basics. This is more styling and tips, for those who are already 
Can t rate what I don t have!. I ordered I Love Lucy Seceond Season in August, but as of today HAVE NOT received my merchandise.This item was NOT out 
another waste of a possible good movie. umm the title says pretty much how i feel about this movie soo much potential but it chokes. they are a few nice 
Pretty Bad. Another movie using actresses seemingly straight out of soft porn. It s fun to watch them die onscreen sure, but it s redundant. I m not surprised to 
Hollow. Terrible. One Good Line Quoted Here. The characters are not appealing and the story is not interesting. An effort to watch. Make-up, dyed hair, costumes poorly done. One man 
Houseboat sunk. Houseboat never arrived here. I have been patiently waiting at the dock, but no boat. PLEASE send it at once  
only 2 stars, because.... OK, I have seen this movie a couple of times, and I can only give it 2 stars, because.....IT WILL MELT YOUR EARS WITH TONS OF 
I Love Freddy But this is Not Him. This movie is a decent movie with a lot of gore but the plot is weak and the acting is horrible. Kim 
Annoying Lear. I didn t enjoy the film. I also didn t enjoy the original play by Shakespeare. King Lear is one of my least favorite Shakespeare plays. I don 
Good movie but beware the inferior print. The one-star rating refers to this particular version. The film itself is a pleasant British comedy about a young couple s adventures with 
Out of date. I was unable to complete viewing of this video due mostly to a lack of relevance to modern nightclub dancing. The sytle is far to 80 s-ish 
lousy script with nothing but.....????. either drinking, cursing, and laughing in the pub, or replaying the messy home life style. what is this? you call this one of the year 
Boy Is This A Stupid Movie. Forty years ago Hogan s Heroes worked because it was pure farce and its German POW camp was acceptable as a setting for a 
Shameful schlock!. Fun. Sweet. Nice. These are some of the words others have used to describe this DVD. For my part, I propose grating and schmaltzy. Oh, not to mention 
SEQUEL?. Face it people, this is not T2 or The Godfather Part II, and why is there a sequel to the hitcher anyway? The first The Hitcher was a classic 
Could have been better. Hands of a Murderer was the first Sherlock Holmes adaptation I ever saw though oddly, it was titled Sherlock Holmes and the Prince of Crime . 
TRULY BAD. There s absolutely no way anybody with any love for the movies or Woody Allen could love this really really poor movie. I thought Hollywood Ending was bad 
Bad usage of time!. This video has a long introduction and commercials. Commericials at the beginning and the end. There is a lot of wasted time. I found it an 
Two half naked roman dudes fight over a half naked male brat. Fellini brings light on space instead of space on light.He brings mysticism to the movie not the movie 
A waste of time. Three friends get together for petty burglary jobs. They are pretty inept. One of them, Anthony Owen Wilson , just got out of an mental institution 
I can t believe a reviewer called this HD-DVD awesome . First, it wouldn t play in my Toshiba HD-DVD player it s always been buggy then, after another copy 
Creepy Crawlers= They Nest!. Tracheotomy with a pen! Can a movie go wrong with something like that? The answer is yes. For some reason they changed the title of the 
This is a critique, not a synopsis... VCI s offering of The Chase is, as I understand, a superior transfer of this little known title. They have remastered the copy 
Not up to Par. I couldn t wait to see this movie. Knowing that it was a creation of Rob Zombie s I had the highest of hopes for it. 
HAAAAATED IT!. I hated this movie. Not one character has a redeeming quality. Mom is an aging hippie in denial who smokes pot and boffs rock stars half her age. 
So bad it induced labor. The only good thing about this movie was my wife going into labor 2 hours later. We must have fast forwarded 1 2 the movie, 
An Anachronism. Having watched great movies in the Bible series such as Joseph, David, Abraham, Jacob, Moses and Samson and Delilah and other good ones pertaining to scriptures, I was 
THE MOST HORRIBLE MOVIE, HONESTLY. The point I would like to make is this movie doesn t even deserve that 1 star I was forced to give it...and I shudder 
UGH! NO!. Statutory rape is NOT funny! Neither is bad acting or pretentious scripts! well, okay they are--but unintentionally ..Would have been sexy and funny IF:Oscar was 18.Oscar was not 
The worst werewolf movie ever made. I would ve given this film 0 Stars if it would have let me. I ve seen every werewolf movie from Naschy s Mexican 
Hmmmm.... .....at the beginning of the film the death of some prominent business people made to look accidental gives the viewer the feel that the Berkeley character--young, on the move, 
SAMUEL JACKSON, A PHARMACOLOGICAL GENIUS. YEAH! SURE!. TALKING ABOUT A MISSCAST. SAMUEL JACKSON CAN PORTRAY A HITMAN, A PIMP OR A THIEF, BUT A PHARMACOLOGICAL GENIUS, YEAH, RIGHT  
sum of all stars? zero!. Maybe no one noticed but towards the end of the movie when the Russian President and Jack Ryan are talking to each other through the 
Good try, but didn t do it for me. I do respect what they are trying to do in this movie, but it doesn t come to fruition in my 
A disappointment in a way... For some reason , or at least the way the album was introduced, one may assume that there is a lot here to enjoy. Unfortunately 
Movie is TOP - DVD is a FLOP!. This DVD gets only 2 stars because the 4:3 TV screen format of this DVD production is really ridiculous.But the movie is 
LOL~!. If you want UNCUT ORIGINAL version, ALWAYS look for ORIGINAL LICENSED Production. NOT US Release. Its a foreign film, it should not be US version to begin with~! HELLO!!!?? 
 Who would want to kill the sweetest woman in the world? . I knew I was in trouble with FOUR BROTHERS when I saw that Josh Howard of SPORTS 
Here s the proper credit for Doom. Pathetic. Almost as bad as Bloodrayne. It would seem Andrzej Bartkowiak knew nothing of the game. Altough I did not go into this 
Sarah plain and tall :Winter s End. Very dissapointed in the quality of this VHS tape.This third installment does not measure up to the first two. Production values very poor.It 
Masterpiece? Yeah right!!. I truly am a fan of horror, even Italian horror. Esspecially since i m Italian. I loved Dario Argento s work like Suspiria,Phenomena, Bird with the christal 
bad movie. we saw this movie in Gym class and it is the worest movie any one has ever see  
Very possibly the dumbest movie I have ever seen. I mean this is like Plan 9 stupid! I m baffled to see so many people on here liked it. I 
insulting. There are GOOD B movies and wretched ones...this one is Wretched with a capital W......Almost ANYTHING with Casper in it other than Starship Troopers is usually horrible...this film seemed 
I Want My MTV!. If MTV was smart, and they used to be, along with funny, relevant, and entertaining they even played music videos all the time! It was on 
TMNT. I am very disappointed in TMNT: Fast Forward. The episodes are just boring. It s really a shame cause the 2003 series was such a brilliant series with great 
A Travesty. King Kong is one of my very favorite movies, and I wish I could give this film 0 stars for making a travesty of a classic. They update 
Feast of a Violent and Disturbing Saints. I have seen Feast of All Saints twice and every time it has been harder to watch. I would not recommend this film 
Philadelphia. Denzel Washington is probably my favorite actor. Even in that dog of a movie called THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE, he shone. Tom Hanks? Well, lemme quit hating the guy. This 
Pretty silly 50 s western. You can see why Anthony Mann - originally signed to direct - walked out on this film. The script is pretty silly and the characters 
What a Letdown!. I love Jeff Goldblum, but he didn t carry this film. The film was ruined for me the second Julane Moore yuck! and the ridiculous, lame token 
Horrible DVD transfer. This is the WORST transfer of a movie that is not a tape-to-tape before DVD bootleg that I have ever seen. Many scenes in the daylight show 
How this movie got so many good reviews is beyond me. I like Sissy and Marissa but holy cow, this movie moved at a snails pace. I almost fell asleep 
A pretty face does not a masterpiece make. Being a period movie afficionado, I had great hopes for this movie. However, I regret to say...do not waste your money. Jonathan 
Very biased- A HUGE disappointment. When I purchased this DVD, I was hoping to get the complete picture- an unbiased presentation. From scratch I could sense what was to come. 
Stick with Willy Wonka. I could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern s classic - while the set design and special FX are state of the art, as usual for 
She can t handle the sword. The high points:1 A cute doe-eyed heroine2 Semi-logical plot and love-story sub-plot3 Stylish photography and sets in some scenesLow points:1 Uma with a few 
In Cold Blood. This is a made for TV movie and not the original film. Do not waste your money on this re-make. Buy the original that was released in 
Not Bruce s best movie. I really like Bruce Campbell and his movies like Army of Darkness. But this movie is not in the same league. First of all the 
Brilliant... In a visual perspective, it s provocative, shocking, and highly disturbing to the point of it being too overwhelming for words...but overall, the movie creeped me out  
hysterical mother is vindicated yawn . Jodie Foster is excellent but there is no doubt that the daughter will be found on the plane at the end. The only mystery 
Poor quality. Item arrived in timely manner, but item appeared used, DVD cases were chipped and broken only one DVD had plastic wrapping  
dubbed 2000 series. If you are used to watching BTB of the BBC 1998 series you will be extremely disappointed. Bob and his gang s voice have changed & so 
great if you dig hallmark cards. i loved my so-called life and was expecting something good here, based on all these reviews. but the soap opera advertisements they stuck on 
Do not expect a love story. Warning: It is not worthing If you like love story, forget it. Go for Just a question of love or Latter Days . And 
name of this movie should have been named GEE ZEERA. when i bought movie thought i would see more than one arab biased anti american news media......  
Makes me appreciate Michael more. I like Moore, but don t doubt the bias of his films. Indeed, I have little doubt of some of his hypocrisy, i.e., some have 
I Don t See Why People Like This. I m sorry, but I really don t! It s a style called Celtic Drama, which means it s a combination of 
THE MOST HUMORLESS FLICK I VE EVER SEEN IN MY LIFE!. I caught this movie one night on IFC. I ve heard people mention it in conversations for years and 
Not What I Was Expecting. Ladder 49 was not the type of film I expected-- I was hoping for a good, fast-paced action flick, which I got for about the 
Sad excuse for a movie.... One of those cases where everything goes wrong in the making of a movie: low budget, unispired performances Alexis Denisof is particularly bad here , 
Back to basics. Would the powers that be for heavens sake reissue the Stewart Granger version of King Solomons Mines . He is Alan Quartermain personified and Deborah Kerr is 
I Wouldn t Hold My Breath If I Were You... I seem to remember a goofy date like this on the most recent Yes concert DVD, Songs from Tsongas ...and 
HILARIOUS!!. Regarding the intent of the American Idol competition, Simon Cowell has put it nicely and correctly on numerous occasions. He constantly reminds, This is a singing competition. Not a 
somewhat dissappointed. some of the movies that claim to be in color are black and white. not too many really good movies, but i guess you can t expect much 
Lost. Before I saw this movie I was warned that is was anti-Christian and that the writers of the screenplay didn t have a clue as to what following Christ 
Don t make the descent. Dean Cain stars as the marshall of an underwater mining facility. He arrests some maniac Russian who later gets out of prison and comes back 
Springtime For Hitler. I think I understand what Camp is. The Damned is a film taking upon itself the allegorical rise and fall of Nazi Germany in such an overindulgent 
Check These Artist Instead. KRS ONE, Talib Kweli, 2pac, Mos Def, Obie Trice, Gangstarr, EPMD, Erick Sermon, Eazy E, Eric B. & Rakim, MC Lyte, NWA, Public Enemy, Mobb Deep, 
Even a great cast can t help a bomb. Wow, what a stinker! Kevin Kline, Harvey Keitel and Alan Rickman can t save this movie. Poorly written, poorly directed, and 
Not So Much Fun for Nerds. If you were one of the nerds in high school this movie will doubtless raise not so fond memories. Revenge of the Nerds has 
VERY anti-Christian. The movie has many none-too-subtle VERY anti-Christian elements, particularly in the typical Hollywierd portrayal of money grubbing Christian TV Evangelists and Christians themselves as stupid zombies; life as 
Visual diappointment for a great format. Like several others, I agree that the Cinemascope version was well presented, but what a disappointment as far as the Todd-ao digital transfer! The 
Bad Audio. I was so disappointed with the audio. I am not sure if the accent was such a very thick English accent or the audio was bad, but I 
Not Bad.... First of all I d like to say this is not a great film It is a B movie but it is a very entertaining B movie. It 
No redeeming social value ... I m sorry, I just can t get hot and bothered about Angela s Ashes. No characters with any admirable qualities, endlessly wallowing in their 
Technical problems render this oater virtually unwatchable. This undistinguished oater is made much worse by technical problems. It isn t a bad little western, and the two lead roles are 
Heed The Warnings. One of the reasons I like buying on Amazon is because of these reviews. Usually I can get a feeling about a movie by the reviews it 
terrible!. Still Smokin is too bad for the first half,then it goes [down the drain].It becomes unfunny and uninteresting.The stand up is horrible.If you want Cheech and Chong doing their 
Elizabeth I DVD. While viewing the DVD Elizabeth I, we noticed many imperfections requiring restarts and or interruptions of our viewing. This is the first DVD that we have ever 
What happened?!?!?. This ill-conceived sequel to Stan Winston s impressive original, while certainly not an altogether bad film, will almost certainly disappoint those legions of devoted fans seeking more of 
GET A VOICE BRITNEY. Even With great writers and backup bands, she still can t sing!!  
Not a great movie!. I thought it was pretty bad. Hostel was better than this crap. I mean it was ok in some parts but I didn t expect much. 
Not as I Remember It, Where s Ramis?. I have been a fan of SCTV for a long time. I used to watch it late a night with some other 
A wild, wild gimmick. You want realism of the Old West? Try showing people frequently blowing big wads of snot out their nose and hawking green loogies onto the floor 
DO NOT BUY. This DVD is terrible, repeat clips and bloopers that aren t funny or that last too long. I can t believe I didn t read the reviews 
Not worth it. Boring! All this time is spent during the DVD talking about the John Fisher technique, but not really showing you anything specific. Lots of great video shots 
Not the real thing. If you saw the original Broadway cast of Fosse perform, you would realize how sad this video really is. If you want to see real Fosse 
fake Dog Whisperer - studious ignorance. Cesar Milan, the so-called dog whisperer , bases his training methods on a dog behavior model that is so out of date as to 
Not even worth a rental. Unless your french and speak the language don t bother with ths drawn out boring movie. Many critics have praised this stale and boring excuse 
Started OK, then Collapsed. 21 out of 100. Minotaur initally grabbed my attention. The movie was set in a remote village, and the characters, setting and acting had me hooked. 
Would ve given it nil stars if I could ve... Dated, derivative, self-indulgent & unintelligent. This is truly bottom of the range stuff. The acting, directing, soundtrack and script are 
I was disappointed.... I ve been a fan of Bruce Campbell for a long time, ever since seeing Army of Darkness and Brisco County Jr. actually. In the early nineties 
Dissapointing Movie. A poor documentary. An attempt to make porn acceptable and very unsexy at that. A repulsive movie.Watch instead the recent made for TV series entitled Rome. The series 
Good Foundation. This dvd is very informative and well presented. After looking at it for the first time i could not put down my ephiphone les paul custom  
It s not a good thing. Unveils all the skeletons in Martha Stewart s closet. The acting here is fairly competent, however I don t find Ms. Stewart very interesting 
hahahhahahah... ...hahahahahha, boy what a retarded movie! This is the stupidest thing ever...what s that music? Everytime it go s in-sync with what the actors are doing it s so 
Be Nice To People On Your Way Up. Don t bother. Just don t bother. It s sad to see  
I wish I could go lower than this. This is horrendous movie. I will never claim it as the movie of my generation. It s one of the many reasons 
weak. This movie was a weak effort by Capra, who directed it, and the star, Gary Cooper. It s a good story, just poorly directed Capra can t hit a 
Read the book - it takes less time!. The Unbearable Lightness of Being was considered an unfilmable novel for a good reason: the point of Kundera s writing is not 
Wolf s rain part I and part II. I bought I and II of this released Wolf s Rain because when I first read the reviews one of the reviewers 
This movie fails!. 1,2, and 4 are best leave out 3. Why is the title named Jaws 3-D? Where are the 3-D glasses? I mean the effects are just horrible. 
Meh. Just meh. You can find most of these DVDs in one fell swoop on e-bay already if you use the search term DVD lot and you will end up 
Rent It......Maybe. I watched this because it has Big Gipp from the Goodie Mobb in it. That is the high point, the movie is not very good. If your a 
THE WICKER MAN. Good photography and camera work! Writing was poor and I found the movie to be a great waste of good acting talent from good actors! Although the 
Don t waste your money!. Unfortunately I didn t read the reviews below before I bought this DVD. It s a travesty of the DVD medium. Perhaps Fox Lorber took 
pretty worthless disconnected. Quite disconnected from my point of view. Hard to know what the heck is going on withour reading the VCR jacket and I m not sure it 
Stupid. There was one scary moment in this movie--the quick scene showing the girl in the closet when she dies..now that was creepy. I then awaited more moments like that. 
Stupid... I m going to make this review quick and to the point. I m not going to include any synopsis or anything, I m just gonna say this...This movie 
Buy the Rhino Version. This movie is my favorite movie. Ever. I feel terrible giving it two stars. But it gets 2 stars because I am comparing it to the 
Not impressed. I love Billy Blanks Lower Body and Ultimate Bootcamp dvds. I tried his Ab Bootcamp, thinking it would be great too, but what a letdown. I m not 
Too overrated. Now I d actually give this movie 3.5 stars. But since so many people talk about being one of the greatest movies ever made I m giving it 
preachy - but not in the way you d imagine. I checked this out because I wanted to take a look at what the new Doctor Who people have been 
Criterion now giving credit to Welles poor old excuses. The Criterion Collection, a continuing series of important classic and contemporary films, is dedicated to gathering the greatest films from around 
Just Plain Silly. Ahh, Iron Eagle . A classic of the 1980 s Golan-Globus production mill. With the current spate of historic current military movies, it s sometimes good to 
Snore. Don t let the cover fool you, this film isn t half as fun as you may hope it is. Maybe it s my own fault, but I was 
disgusting, pointless, and stupid!. I rented this movie at blockbuster when I thought it would be good but it sucked. I mean i bought the foreigner and that sucked as 
It s about kids at a musical camp for wannabe performers. These are not your typical teens. They love Broadway musicals and want a life of singing and dancing on 
I didn t like it.. Simply put, I didn t like it. Emma Thompson was too old to play a 19 year old. Not only did the movie leave out 
it was egh. I gave it two stars because while I didn t hate it, it was dull and predictable. I see beter plots on TV s Starsky and Hutch. 
SKIP THIS THIS IS NOT J-HORROR. Oh man, this is really ... !!!I rent this DVD,I REALLY, REALLY glad, I rented it didn t buy this Crap! I thought this 
Kundera was right to object. The movie doesn t at all reflect the original book story in its core concept. If I didn t read the book before I wouldn 
I worked on this dull erotic vampire film -- some inside scoops !. Alyssa Milano s mother who is also her manager has made a crusade of tracking down nudie 
5 stars for the show, 1 star for the DVD production. I am a big fan of the show, and was disappointed that for so long, only a few episodes 
Dreck 2. The Ring Two is a horror film that gets so bogged down in the minutiae of its storytelling that it simply forgets to be scary. Naomi Watts and 
Defective Copy. Swingtime is the one Astaire and Rogers musical which did not transferto DVD. The picture freezes at several points early in the film.I have not had this experience 
A horrid, not horror, film. I found this to be a horrid, not a horror, film. This film is typical of today s horror movies: production values over the top 
Not for younger children. I bought this DVD for my third-grade twins who are having difficulty memorizing math facts, and don t quite understand the relation between these math facts 
CUH-RAP. Some talented DVD editor should take the latest 3 movies, and cut out the dumb scenes about 75 of each movie and put them all together to make one 
How To Make A Goth Sci-Fi Classic A 20-Step Guide . 1. Make sure you set your film in some sort of terrible alternate future where all people are slaves 
There Are Great Japanese Films Out There: This Is Not One Of Them!. I agree with one of the spotlight reviewers that violence is a genre and an art form 
Poorly done mocumentary. 24-Hour Party People is a mocumentary at the lowest rung if Best In Show was not enough that tries at many times to be funny but is 
First movie good, second movie bad. I wish they weren t listed together on Amazon except for the region 2 DVD, but I guess I have to rate them together. 
Censored!. My boyfriend uploaded the cut scenes from the movie. Look up Sunflower clip banned from Disney s Fantasia and you can see the three scenes in full! And if 
This DVD doesn t work and Amazon won t take it back. I bought this DVD along with one other. It has three discs and only after I tried a 
What s All the Fuss About?. The lead actor bore an uncanny resemblance to the real Edward R. Murrow, and there was a lot of realistic smoking for a movie 
Valentine 2001 . Director: Jamie BlanksCast: Denise Richards, David Broeanaz, Marley Shelton, Jessica Capshaw, Jessica Cauffiel, Katherine Heigl, Hedy Burress, Fulvio Cecere.Running Time: 96 minutesRated R for strong horror violence, 
How Does This Happen?. A movie like Monster-in-Law makes me ask: How? Why?How does a studio manage to convince Jane Fonda and Jennifer Lopez to participate in such a horrible 
Four Dances? You get three. This DVD claims to teach you four dances: The waltz, foxtrot, social quickstep, and the tango. What they fail to mention however is that the 
Batman - The Movie Review. But this for my kids and it was the most boring movie I have ever watched.The shows are more entertaining to watch then the movie 
wtf sitll have not received. its been almost 3 months since i ordered this..stilll have not received they emailed and said itd be TWO MONTHS late because they RAN OUT..wtf.update: 
Duck Tape. If you see this movie heading your way, duck for cover. Tape is a film of almost unimaginable cruelty. Three very good actors, Ethan Hawke, Uma Thurman, and 
Live maybe. Nude, no. The title of this film is very deceiving & it s pretty clear that it was designed to lure people in. I actually saw this movie 
Just ONE point of view. This review will probably not be received with equanimity by most americans...The movie by frontline focuses heavily on the fact that China is putting in 
Snow Queen. Bidget Fonda. Upon receipt of this dvd I was disappointed to find that it is unplayable outside of The USA and Canada Furthermore there are no versions obtainable 
Too basic even for a new mom. There are about 18 chapters of information on basic newborn baby care. Each chapter is covered in brief one to three minute sessions 
Henley Fizzles Solo. I love Don Henley but I love him with the Eagles. In this show, once you get past the Nehru jacket, the orange hair &amp; the dark 
Watch your Cornhole, Bud. 12 Poor White, Black, and Hispanic trash teenagers convicted of minor offenses take a trip to the slammer to meet up with some convicts.The convicts goal 
Cute story, but Matt Dillon is all wrong for romantic lead. Matt Dillon was seriously mis-cast in this film. He came across as an unlikable, hopelessly plebian, crotch-scratching &quot;dese, dem, 
Pretentious, boring, political, un-real. Thirteen year olds can be easily impressed by cheap tricks, heartfelt lyrics, and a lot of pretty lights. So it goes with some reviewers of this 
Here we go again, another unneccessary remake. Well, with 2001 s Planet of the Apes, we have yet another totally unneccesary remake. No, not reimagining, a remake.Just another jumbled mess 
at least there were plenty of boobs. this movie was awfull. supertroopers was awsome and beerfest was even better, so i suppose they can be forgiven for this cinematic abortion 
Deceptive cover box: this is a pro-Dan Brown DVD, not an opposing view. Like most people, before I spend money on a DVD, I read all the cover descriptions first.The 
Body by IHOP. Brains by Crayola. Here s the Awful Truth :That you would be willing to let this man, a raving, terminally obese, incoherent highschool dropout, who is to 
This Waiting Waiting Waiting is Tough. At the end of this film Gene Hackman s character, strung out thanks to his surveillance heavy lifestyle, finally snaps and pulls apart his 
some good stuff, but lots of uninspired episodes as well. Though I m still a big South Park fan, I do think that the quality of the show has progressively 
Terrible. Neither my husband or i could get into the movie. I dont think i would ever watch this film again. It was not What it was made out to 
heinous. This is the most terrible, emotionally offensive film ever created. After watching this movie, my eyes began to bulge from my head and limbs began to fall off. Watch 
All the bad things you heard and then some more. There is nothing good I can say about this movie.There is absolutely nothing remotely entertaining about it.If the main-characters didn 
Warning! Don t suffer through this unusually bad chick flick. I saw this movie with my wife two days ago. I am not a chick flick lover but I have 
Liked this one the least...... maybe because I didn t like Porco. Everything was sub-par for me. Animation is definitely not as good as his later movies. Not enough weirdness, 
Was almost decent until..... they introduced the RED TAPE. Uhmmm that made the whole movie null and void for me. After that it just seemed like a very drawn out 
Is this for real?. Has anyone heard of this DVD release?It sounds very intriguing though I doubt its validity. Why does the release date state December 31st 2025???? Does this 
Disappointed. Very disappointed. This DVD is nothing but collection of video of Sadhus. If Origin of Yoga is the subject, Yoga is much older than Buddha and is discussed in 
if u had a zombie living in your closet, it d probably make more sense then this movie. I did watch Resident Evil: Apocalypse back when it was in theaters 
My Least Favorite Star Trek Movie. First, let me give the pluses. This movie was a bridge between the Star Trek casts. It also hit science fiction at its best 
Dang it. So I go to the video store, looking for some Italian gore movies. I come across Torso. I remember hearing about it, so I buy it used the 
Maybe the Goblin King should get out more... If you pan a comedy DVD because you never heard of Paul Rodriguez, Norm Macdonald, or Richard Belzer , well...maybe the problem 
this movie was dumb with a capital D and a capital S. I thought this movie was gonna be awesome when I looked at the cover, but I started watching 
BEWARE OF EXTRA STUFF. I am a fan of WWII movies. I was looking forward to the arrival of this two disk set. The Film is of course magnificent. I 
an disappointed violin lover. I was so excited to receive this DVD. However, after I have viewed it, the only words I can say are extremely disappointed . There are 
Queensryche is washed up!. Although I too am a die hard ryche fan, I missed this DVD in my collection and just picked it up. While not going into the 
Damaged. I hear this is a good movie, but can t play it as the DVD is visibly damaged. So what about Quality control? This disc should never have gotten 
I couldn t have been more disappointed. Spend your money on one of Leary s performances, not this painfully unfunny waste of 90 minutes. If you ve ever watched a 
What a let-down!. I have seen this twice through now & have concluded that the best places to experience Samuel Beckett s quintessential words are on the printed page or 
She can t handle the sword. The high points:1 A cute doe-eyed heroine2 Semi-logical plot and love-story sub-plot3 Stylish photography and sets in some scenesLow points:1 Uma with a few 
SUCKS!. Unless you enjoy movies that are not funny, not scary, and have the worst actors this side of rodeo clowns, DO NOT WATCH this series of horrible flicks. Putrid! 
ugghhh! run away!. OK, Just so all the cards are on the table: I bought this dvd hoping to pick up some interesting moves for my husband. I m not 
ALL THE TRUTH. IN 1998 Clinton said there were weapons of mass destruction.Terrorist are americas greatest threat. Clinton swept the first bombing OF WTC under the rug...The CIA intelligence failed 
Too fast. I have always like Denise Austin, however; this was tape was way too fast for a beginner. I thought it was for beginner and on up. Denise went 
Not what I expected. I am sure some people would find this DVD useful, but it wasn t at all what I expected. This may be attributed to my not 
Not a sleeper. I now know why I had not heard much about this movie. Only buy it if you like Broadway musicals because it is not your typical Doris 
Lemmings, I Think Not!. Why is it that studios think they know what we like, and even if we don t like, they know best and we should follow as 
avoid if you love movies. There s nothing illegal about this offering, since all of the films are in the public domain, but it is VERY sleazy. The publishers have 
spare me............ Michael burned up an the doc blew up in Halloween 2, end of story, end of franchise. Money hungry producers and writers need to get a brain and 
Movie sucks. Movie Boring...Story Drags...barely any action...if story drags should have atleast good story to keep interest but it had nothing...booo  
The Worst Movie ever?. After having seen many Gene Wilder movies as a child and recalling they generally were funny I acquired a few of them recently for my collection. 
Ricky Martin Unplugged. I returned this product to you as it was all in Spainish. It wasn t asvertized as so. All other purchases I ve made from you get 
Not Worth Your Time. The only good thing about this movie is the plot. From there it goes downhill. The script needs to be rewritten to add some sophistication to 
This movie sucked.... I was so disappointed in this film. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because of the heart and soul Terrance Howard put into his 
Did You All Miss the Boat?. After viewing the 7 Faces of Dr. Lao I must agree with the March 10th, 2000 reviewer who states strongly that this is just 
Not surprising that there weren t any more after this one. This time, teen agent Cody Banks Frankie Muniz is on the trail of a former spy instructor who has 
Not what I expected. This movie lacked the luster I expect from Robert Duvall. It was an endless journey into boredom, at least for me  
Eeeeu - Not Miss Marple - go for the old series. It s difficult to understand how Ms. McEwan, who so perfectly personified Lucia in the Mapp & Lucia series, 
Didn t Emanuelle used to involve mostly eroticism?. If you want erotica then this isn t the Emanuelle film for you. Yes, there are a couple of so-so love scenes, 
I m Godzilla and you re Tokyo. That is the only good line in this entire movie, in part because it describes the relationship between the movie and you, the 
garbage. I think producer Mo Ramchandani should be commended for his integrity in honestly reviewing his own film. This is rare in an industry that is proliferated with bald old 
The Borrowers. I really liked this movie. I thought it was very funny. It also had 2 cast members who where later in the 2nd Harry Potter movie. Tom Felton 
0.5 STARS: Gross and terrible. Why would anyone want to watch a movie about rats is beyond me. Rats, rats and more rats is what Graveyard Shift is all about 
Good, but not something to watch mutliple times. The movie is cool because it offers different surfing than normally seen in surf movies, but I buy surf films to watch 
Nick and Jessica were Morons. She sings and acts like a airhead, he acts like the sams sort of idiots who fight in the Professional Wrestkers league...From the moment these 
Ugh...this one is just bad!. Wow, what a disappointment. Great actors with a god-awful script from a fantastic book. I loved the book so much, I just couldn t wait 
5 Stars for the Series 1 Star For the Defective DVD. 1st, let me say that I LOVE LOVE!!!! the JLU seasons...and, I was VERY excited when I found out 
What were they thinking?. Yeah - it s a bummer that they didn t include Hearts of Darkness, but putting Redux and the original together was irresistable although I much 
The Dixie Chicks were right. To paraphrase the maker ...regardless of nationality, religion or race, we can not bury our heads in the sand and ignore the type of gross 
I love Asia Argento...but absolutely HATED this movie. First let me say that this movie DOES, indeed, have subtitles. Unfortunately, this is just one of those annoying DVDs where you 
Did not receive it. The supplier {digital eyes} told it was available any more & they where going to tell Amazon to give me cridit for the above item,but I 
Predictable Thriller without much Suspense. A KILLER WITHIN is an obviously low budget Indie film by director Brad Keller and new writers Chris and William Peirson. The primary problem with 
Avoid this One and save your time and money. Midway was the decisive naval engagement of the Second World War -- decided by a handful of bombs hitting the Japanese 
let s make this short and sweet... This is one of the most boring movies I have ever seen. I knew from the very beginning of the movie that there 
Spinal Tap goes folk... A Mighty Wind seems to be This is Spinal Tap done in a folk medium. Unfortunately, the gags and cliches in this film seem to be 
One of the worst. I m very very sorry to say this, but this is one of the WORST films I had ever seen!! This film s only about 1 
Without Marvin, not worth it... I ve been waiting for this title to become available on dvd because it s been impossible to find on VHS. SAVE YOUR MONEY. They 
Too many cooks stirring the soup. Short Cuts Robert Altman, 1992 There s a chap you may have heard of by the name of Joe Frank. He does wonderful, hysterically 
Not worth watching. All style and no substance. Even the dance number with John Travolta & Uma Thurman was lackluster. And would Cedric The Entertainer please go away? I ve 
Shoot me ... shoot me now. This was arguably the longest 2 hours I have spent in my entire life ... it felt like much more ... I found myself 
BAD Seller. We found out too late that this was a bootlegged copy -- Buyer Beware  
Cate, oh my............... To borrow from a previous reviewer: A movie to kill an evening with if you have one that really needs murdering.  
What was that?. I didn t understand it, don t know what it s about and frankly i don t care. what are people thinking when they make tripe like 
Low ranking but hold on. Gee, it was until I watched this movie when I became able to understand why some reviewers get so angry at some movies or novels. 
WORST FILM EVER. I have seen many pathetic films in my life. This topped them. Did I rate one star? Sorry- I meant negative 11 stars. It was the absolute 
If you like the back of William Hurt s head... The only good thing in this movie was Ms. Howard s performance, she is innocent and believable. I can t 
what am i missing?!. I must be missing something, i bought this movie... when i watched it i fell asleep, its boring as hell trust me im a true horror 
ewhh. This movie was just nasty. A couple of descent parts, but other than that it was just low-class nasty... and I got it for free!!!! It wasn t even 
Mediocre is good?. I was very disappointed after reading all the glowing reviews for this movie and then watching your average bad guys on the run movie. Gee, Billy Bob 
Hard to make it through... I hope I can give a fair rating here, but as one member who loves to watch LDS films of all types, this one is 
Skip this. This show is produced due to the highly successful of swordman II. However, it has a lousy plot. It continued from the 2nd episode saying Brigitte Lin is 
This is just terrible. I cant even watch this movie. I love yu yu hakusho but the bad voice acting kills me. I tried watching this movie I really did...about 
Zzzzzzzzzzzz. Let me just preface my review with the fact that some of my favorite movies are incredibly slow and even boring to my friends. So it isn t the 
Ranks up there with the worst action movies. This movie had some good potental in the opening, after that, it looses all grip on everything, the plot of the movie 
One double cross too many... Mamet does not write reality in my opinion. You hear some of the quotes and you tend to think: Who talks like that? However, it 
Zuh DRAST voo chee. I couldn t get past the first five minutes of this. Pfeiffer s Russian accent was so horrible, and her lines so bad, I decided to 
A B-movie that defines the B-movie world. Please, please, please reconsider purchacing this movie new unless you absloutly must have it in your collection. This thing is absloutly horrid and 
slow, dull, incomprehensible. won t attempt to review the plot. other reviewers seem to understand it and i don t. if you like slow, dull, incomprehensible japanese horror films, this 
Poor. I was not impressed at all with this video. The women who do the various facial exercies do not even smile and scared my son the first few times 
Totally silly. Had a huge crush on Deven when I was little. Silly little movie with very little plot. But Brought back found memories.  
No good!. This DVD-box needs to be re-released. one episode has been cut up - how could this happen  
Painfully Bad. A thin soup of potty humor, fart jokes, and juvenile cheap laughs. You know something is terribly wrong when you are halfway through a comedy and you haven 
What happened to my review?. Amazon, I took the time to write a review for this almost 2 weeks ago and have yet to see it posted. If it will 
the Worst Action movie I ve ever seen. I guess success turned around for Sam Raimi in 2002 & 2004 with the two Spider-Man films, but first he created this 
Angel - Season Two Slim Set . The problem with this DVD is that it does not play in NZ so it is useless, can I send it back  
Garbage Movie.. 0 Stars. 1st. off being a very big Martial Arts fan this movie doesn t even come in the same category as a Martial Arts Movie, the reason 
YAWWWWN!!!. Season 3 explemlifies the worst problems with this series.Enterprise s best attributes are:1 The production2 The acting3 The dialog4 The special effectsBut this series lacks in the three most 
Interesting Script - Poor Acting. Fresh Horses, on paper, would have seemed to have been a perfect hit script. You had Molly Ringwald, with her porcelain skin and delicately curly 
Unsuitable for European DVD players. Unfortunately this MS collection is not compatible with European DVD players. The cover of the DVD actually tells you this as well as that it 
These are the worst ever!. Just show the real machines working, forget all the goofy narration that is annoying to adults and doesn t even hold my son s interest. 
Don t get me started!!. Bro, seriously, how can anyone give this movie higher than one star? The only reason it got one star from me is that i can 
I Love Will.... BUT, do not buy this. I did not take the advise of the other reviews and bought it anyway, thinking they did not understand his comedic genious. 
Boring. Highly acclaimed. That, I knew. I watched the first 30 minutes, which is 1 4 of the movie, before I decided to hang it up. New lady moves into 
Blindsided by the gay Swan Lake . I was shocked to see Tchaikovsky s classic danced exclusively by males. One reviewer felt that the result was a human -- not 
Heavy-handed, Predictable, and Not Funny. I did not much enjoy this film, and I didn t find it very clever or funny.It s true, as other amazon reviewers have noted, 
Because No Stars is not an Option. I ve developed an interest in the movies of Ed Wood of late. They are so poorly done that they tend to be 
 Must-not-see TV . Okay, so my brother got me season one of How I Met Your Mother for Christmas, and swore it was the best comedy on TV. I 
Kind of loses steam very quickly. Even though it s used by a lot of reviewers, I have to use it too. The opening scene has John Travolta staring into 
Awful. I wanted this movie to be good, but boy was I disappointed. I ve seen home movies with more acting, plot and feelings. Parker Posey should be embarrassed that 
Not for Children....Features an Grannie Sex Kitten. This review is for those of you who may be parents, looking for films with clean fun and family values....please look elsewhere, because 
Great movie, Bad DVD!. I had rented this movie on VHS awhile back and thought that even with it s slightly &quot;B rated&quot; style it was a very good movie 
Poor Jayne, What A Waste!. The Las Vegas Hillbillies is a terrible bad movie which stars Jayne Mansfield, Mamie Van Buren and Ferlin Huskey. It appears to be a low 
goth stage performances have rights too. I find it hard to articulate how bad this movie is. Its protagonists are kind of like people from a goth club who never 
Mansfield Park. Anyone basing their understanding of this Austen novel on this movie alone will be misled. Perhaps the director or producer wanted to make the film relevant to today 
Why ?. It s not actualy porn and it s not actualy an entertaining movie. I must have missed the point. No story line, no romance, no reach around. I 
I feel Sorry For Pierce Brosnan. Pierce Brosnan last performance as James Bond will ultimately be described as a joke. This movie is not that bad, but its hard for 
Will Denis Leary ever figure out he can t act... Well the title kind of says it all. Dull,ugly,boring men in a dull,ugly boring movie. Also the most unreallistic sexual 
Muffled vocals ruin an otherwise enjoyable concert. The line up of 60 s and 70 s soulsters is interesting - an eclectic mixture of the well known and the not 
Widescreen Or HD Blueray ?. i have to say i love this movie very well done.but after all these years of it s release why? has it not been put 
A great film given the basest possible DVD treatment from Fox Lorber. Most of those who were lucky enough to see this stunning Srdjan Dragojevic film at select film festivals 
The fruits of Comte. While living in Rio I once asked my Marine Corps buddy Paul Y- why he thought Brazil never could get ahead. He pondered for a moment 
Deeply Embarrassing. My children and I are great fans of the Alice In Wonderland interpretation starring Tina Majorino and so we looked forward to seeing what we thought would be 
Does Amazon evan watch their movies. what the hell is this!!!Don t see this movie at all.I don t know what these people are on ,but don t believe their 
No information, no pictures. The film shows no action, except a disgusting performance of cutting apart a dead body, and you ask yourself, in what relation to the subject of 
Waste Of Talent!. The movie did have some funny parts, but was not up to Mel Brooks standards. Young Frankenstein, it was not. Not a movie for children under 18. 
This Is Not A Good Thai Horror Film: Very Disappointing!. I will be the first to admit that I was expecting this film to be a little better than it 
How can you write a review for something that s not out?. How can you rate something that hasn t been released? Especially since Lionsgate RUINED Season 5 by releasing 
Forget Slither, Seek out Night of the Creeps . Night of the Creeps rules all. Slither is basically a somewhat higher-budgeted rip off. Slugs, zombies, aliens...play by play rip. Night 
Not what it seems. Skateboarding could really do without self conscious myth making like this. One part that really got me mad was the film maker saying These guys were 
Great Information, Poorly Presented. I bought this film after being fascinated with What The Bleep Do We Know.The problem with this one is that Dr. Tiller assumes his audience has 
Alone in the rack... ...is what this movie is because it will forever sit on the DVD rack and never be bought. I had to buy this movie when it 
Ok... The new &quot;Christy&quot; was ok. But the original cast with Kelly Martin and Tyn Daly will alway be Christy and Miss Alice. I just thought that the girl they 
Beware the Fog...literally. The Fog is a fairly typical representative of a John Carpenter movie. It certainly has its moments, yet it leaves the viewer with an unmistakable feeling of 
out with the new and in with the old. man i wish they would make the round house for dvd , now that was the show right there that tought 
GOD . FORGIVE . THEM . FOR . THEIR . COVER . ART. Since this is one of my top four all-time favorite films and I love films passionately, I 
This filmis shot too too dark. I love Ford harrison movies and this is not a bad story but the film is shot in such dark showdy lighthing by the 
hehe .. ooooh. Pinocchio - 24.50101 Dalmatians - 19.99Mulan - 22.49Hercules - 22.49Peter Pan - 29.99Lion King .. not LKII 22.49Lady and the Tramp 24.00Jungle Book - 22.99Little Mermaid - 
No Review. I returned this item because it was the wrong DVD and ordered The Iceman a different DVD  
DVD High Wind in Jamaica. Had to send this back as not compatible with my DVD player.  
Wish I could give this 0 or .5 stars .. horrible job DreamWorks. Actually, I wish Amazon would allow for two ratings ... one for the movie itself, and one 
I Didn t Get It. Some interesting dialogue sprinkled about within a mostly nonsensical, dull, and slow plot. Also, the whole thing is in Swedish with hard to read English 
Good luck being granted a second date if you took her to this on your FIRST date. I gave two stars to this movie for exactly two benefits I gained 
Stick with an Original. Why American production make HK movies look so cheap? First of all, they cut off so much scene, second of all ruin it by making look 
if this one could be a perfect spy, then. every con artist could be a better spy than this perfect spy.a guy came from a con artist parent, at first 
The box set is only a gimmick. Save your money and buy the DVDs individually. Please note: I am giving a 1-star rating to the overall Seinfeld Limited Edition Gift 
Good thriller, lousy DVD. Bravo MGM; you ve managed yet again to screw up a great movie with a terrible DVD. -It s actually an ORION picture, and I d 
just the new metallica. I remember when Metallic a said they would never make a video. Just get Kill em all, Ride the lightning and Master of puppets. This was 
Terrible dvd. DON T BUY... It is terrible as a matter of fact two of the DVD s in the collection are the same..A total let down and I can 
Awful. Don t make the mistake and buy rent this movie based on all the 5-star reviews. This movie is lousy. It is not funny, but stupid. Do you enjoy 
Lots of Negative Energy. Sounds like a man with a chip on his shoulder. A lot of pent up anger. Hardly a spiritual place to be. Jesus was innoncent too, 
Anthropophagus: The Grim Reaper. One has to admire the career of cult director Joe D Amato. He s made everything from action, drama, comedy, westerns, horror and even porn. And 
 So-So, but falls short! . I found this installment on Waverly Hills to be fair but not really that great! The photos of Ghosts , Shadow People , and 
Best seen with low expectations. A strong sense of place was one of the many strengths of Matthieu Kassovitz s under-rated crowd-pleaser The Crimson Rivers, one of the best French 
Dishonest with its material. A basically dishonest movie, lacking the courage of its convictions. This oscar-winning movie is in favor of illegal abortion, adultery, law breaking, disobedience of authority, yet 
Not Worth It!. One has to wonder if she really wasn t mad . . in her unfathomable feeling for her less than stellar husband. He was able to find 
purchased. Hi,I have not receive my item yat.Thanks  
Be Warned!. I m not going to give away any spoilers here, the reviews below will all tell you everything you want to know about plot etc... But they also 
Lo de menos es el disfraz. Por qu se le ocurri a Tim Burton hacer un remake de este clsico? El resultado no puede ser peor...Slo fui a verla porque 
Should have been a rental. I was disappointed after the first 30 minutes and realized this was a bad knock off between The Gospel and The Fighting Temptations . I 
stupid liberal movie. right off the bat, JJ runs into an indian in the middle of nowhere, the indian has is gun JJ doesnt, oh boy the tension fills the 
if this is great, no wonder the french are exterminating themselves. The total absence of normative values makes for tedium, and revulsion, not for greatness.Nor even, for that matter, for 
This movie is why Fairy tales should not be revisited. Fairy tales are written the way that they are written for a reason. And when greedy producers and actors and 
Kicking and Screaming...the whole movie!. Unless you think it s funny to watch a grown man scream at little children for an entire movie, I wouldn t recommend this  
Awful. Don t make the mistake and buy rent this movie based on all the 5-star reviews. This movie is lousy. It is not funny, but stupid. Do you enjoy 
Do Musicians have a conscience....?. Following Live 8 i have to wonder if Live Aid justifies the euphoria that followed it. Most people if honest would say that on the 
This is not what it seems. One reviewer wrote the review about the Super Ants ....this is not that movie.This movie staring Dean Cain bites big time, unless you like 
Good info, bad production!. I had to stop the DVD about 15 min into it.The information seems to be extremely interesting as I have been working on this thought process 
I have not yet received the DVD. I have not yet received the DVD, and I contacted the customer s service last month. They sent me a new shipment, but 
SEX SEX SEX. This lurid, sex-gorged nudy has nothing to do with the Nicolas Cage thriller; instead it s more a soft porn peep show. The characters who are not 
This film is disgusting. If you want to watch a movie where young boys unattractive teenage boys, ladies sit in bath tubs, with no attempt to hide their private parts 
I don t understand all the 5 star reviews. I ll try to keep this review free of plot spoilers.I loved LFN seasons 1, 2, 3. I never watched them 
Liked this one the least...... maybe because I didn t like Porco. Everything was sub-par for me. Animation is definitely not as good as his later movies. Not enough weirdness, 
Confused Identification. Late at night a car goes off the highway and over a cliff. Mrs. Merrick survives, her husband has amnesia. The story begins to tell their history. Their 
A great show destroyed in its U.S. release. I saw this show on the original UK DVD release, where there was NO LAUGH TRACK!!! This show is brilliant, but it 
Quality of transfers is disappointing - trash along with just o.k. transfers - most can be found in better quality elsewhere. 50 westerns, seems like a bargain?! Well... maybe, depending 
Weak - Below Average. I was expecting more and got less. Pretty slow and boring. Not a keeper  
Only watch it if you are a fan of the show. The TV show Are You Being Served? has to be one of my all time favorites, and I believe 
just because. i recorded the live aid concert on vhs. & I mean i was up at six am to catch it when it started in australia. inxs was the 
not even Rammstein could save this movie. The first 3 minutes is all you that you need to see. It shows a spy being chased into a Rammstein concert where 
Soory at best I can only give it a 2 star. Beautiful women, I m sure in my teen yeras and early early twenties this cauld have excited me, But 
Beware, Ono promo video... I love the music on this DVD. It s wonderful to hear many of John s best solo works in 5.1 surround; BUT that s where 
Not recommended by us. Our daughter has weak muscles and I wanted some workout videos we could do as a family to supplement her physical therapy. I saw all the 
Not for Beginners. This stability ball workout is definitely a more advanced routine and is not for beginners. This was the first stability ball DVD that I purchased and became 
I ve seen it all before...... this tour did nothing for me. I won t lie when I say the visuals were appealing to look at, with britney in her 
Masterworks of the German Horror Cinema. The box set made by IMAGE not ELITE does not have all of the technical problems that Paul Kesler wrote of in his review 
fun, but absolutely pointless... I was a fan of House the first of the series and so purchased the combo DVD set of House and House 2. I watched both 
Boring. I bought this movie after reading the rave reviews on this site. I have to say I was highly disappointed. Although the 2 main characters are very likeable and 
Zone. U.S. and Canada only So no need to market it to me in Europe  
hate it. i fell asleep watching it, it s horrible. i do not recommend it, not worth watchin  
Disaster at Sea. It takes better than two hours to find out if the faux legendary pianist 1900 will go down with the Virginian when it is blown up at 
Ignorance is Bliss. It s quite amusing listening to Western audiences view this film as some sort of factual documentary on Iranian culture. A dramatized production, based on a one-sided 
weird translation. as I remember when i watched the original chinese version, although it wasnt any big deal but I did like it as I remember, but this version is 
Horrible..... Almost everything in this movie is a lie.... Although somethings in the movie happened almost all of it didn t happen the way the movie potrays.. This movie should 
The pros- Sam Elliot singing and more extras than I thought. The cons- everything else. What s going on here? All year, I ve seen dozens of family movies, new 
 O Please!!!!!!!. For me this movie is a painfull thing to watch. I wish that I could give this 0 stars. The infamous fake O scene kind of recked 
How could anybody enjoy this?. Problem Child has made my top ten worst movies list. How could anybody enjoy it? Problem Child paved the way for Little Monster movies. In 
Very Bad. The DVD is poorly edited and insulting to anyone keenlyinterested in trad. blues Robert Johnson and modern bluesinterpretors. The viewer is presented with only tiny segments of actual 
No Show. Boring and not much insight. Just a rap film, nothing about the true culture of hip-hop. Some decent preformances, but if you want to really get the real, 
very, very disappointing... and bad. The first film in this trilogy, Koyaanisqatsi, is a classic.The second, Powaqatsi, is not as good but still worth watching.Naqoyaqaatsi, to quote some other reviewers, 
Great movie, but. I second the reviews below. This is a 5-star movie, but the quality of this transfer is horrible. Parts of the movie are very scratchy and full 
Good cast, slow, just overdone on driving the point home. First off, this is a very wordy, wanna be woody allen type film, which means just not funny. In the 
Well, it could have been worse. Really. Bay of Blood Mario Bava, 1971 It amuses me that Mario Bava himself hated this movie. The first thing I thought after it 
It is not special. This product is routine Yoga and is not something unique. It is exactly which you can find in other Yoga classes  
old documentary!. Please think this DVD is recorded in 1986. More worse, this is recorded as a documentary. Sound quality is worst. After I bought this and DVD of &quot;Company&quot; 
Confusing, too many characters, difficult to follow story line. Simply put: the movie is boring. Clich upon clich is confirmed and story lines never come together. It seems as if 
Have your kids watch someone get verbally abused through half the movie. This is a wonderful movie - with much more artistic content than the earlier shorter Christmas story video. 
Promising series, defective dvd, don t take the risk. I managed to watch only one of the 39 shows presented on this series. The second episode began to fall apart 
Blind buy gone wrong. I bought this without previously knowing anything about it, not knowing it was a sequel. I was taken in by the title, and the blurb. That 
Production values?. First let me say that I think some of the information here is both valid and useful, especially to men who ve never thought this stuff through. That 
Pretty horrible. Granted, I saw this movie at about three in the morning at a party, but I think I had enough sense in me to realize how truly horrible 
Beyond horrible. I cannot believe I wasted 90 minutes of my life on this crap. I almost NEVER find movies bad. It s happened very few times in my life, 
Pretty much groan inducing.... -Not a great one here, entertaining for all the wrong reasons, mainly because the film is so bad, so often.-It is nice to see Christina Ricci 
GHOST GAME DVD REVIEW 1 5. This movie actually had potential in the beginning for a mediocre straight-to-DVD horror film. However, too much bad acting was present throughout most of 
Don t buy this movie!!!!!!!!!. This may be the worse movie ever made. The plot is pretty lame and the movie itself is boring. Basically nothing happens during the entire 
Yuck. I love and get John Waters Cry Baby , Hairspray , Serial Mom etc and I love the unique slightly larger than life elevated acting style he demands from 
HAHAHAHAHAH. This movie was extreamly stupid, but very funny. We just laughed though this hole movie. This was pretty much very soft porn. The hole time all the guys did 
Poor Quality. I m not going to waste a bunch of my time or yours giving a personally oppinionated review of the movie plot. It s redundant and unnecessary, and 
Unconvincing. The 3 leading ladies had no chemistry what so ever, even when the 3 dare share a bubble bath. The oldest daughter Tilden was the most hateful and unlikable 
A sad end to what could have been a great franchise. The 1999 film The Mummy TM was one of my favorite action adventure movies in recent years. The characters 
not what i expected. this was a very poorly made documentary. there was barely anything about the band and they kept flashing the same still shots of them over and 
XBox 360 HD-DVD Unfriendly. Only the FBI warning screen plays on my XBox 360 HD-DVD drive and then the machine locks up. Poor encoding again  
Be warned!. I bought this on the basis of the various glowing reviews it received here. This is terrible. The documentary is glib, over-sentimentalised and downright embarrassing a lot of 
Worse than dumb!. These 2 guys playing Harry and Lloyd were so disastrous. They didn t even know how to act corny when they re supposed to.Jim Carrey might be 
sum of all stars? zero!. Maybe no one noticed but towards the end of the movie when the Russian President and Jack Ryan are talking to each other through the 
Love Samuel L. Jackson but not as Coach Carter. Samuel L. Jackson seemed somewhat tame in this movie, yet still believable as a coach of a high school in a 
Great material. Ate-up pricing and marketing. Don t get me wrong, South Park is genius comedy. Sitcoms from the 50 s through the 80 s usually had a moral at 
Painful. From the cover, this movie looked like a fun mixture of Cruel Intentions and Metropolitan. No such luck. I think the biggest problem in this movie was the script-- 
I wish I could give no stars. I have several Kathy Smith videos this is the absolute worse! I agree with some of the other reviewers that Kathy has not 
Only worth the curiosity value. Really not worth the effort to find it, even if George MacDonald Fraser was involved with the screenplay. The producers chose the least best of 
... and the stars aren t for Coogan and Anderson.... One of the types of film I hate the most are precious conceits by film people about themselves at work. 
what was this. it doesnt even deserve any stars from me. the picture quality isnt that great. you would think that a movie like this would go out and try 
Glossy Presentation but a Dull Finish!. I bought this with the intent in mind of seeing step by step house painting instructions. What I received was a DVD with allot 
DVD-production disaster. The story is entertaining enough, but there is not much joy from viewing this DVD. The problem is that the folks producing it apparently were trying to win 
Overrated. There is some good stuff there, however, it is not funny, it is predictable and it is slow  
Poor History and a screenplay over-dramatic. I m glad someone knows enough about English History to recognize the pure fiction of this film. But in addition to points made about 
The ahem ...LESSER Farrelly film. Ok, check it out, there s two Jack Blacks. One is the guy from Tenacious D, you see him all the time. He s funny 
A noodle western with a Last Stand that strains credulity. What a disappointment this film was for me!Let me say first that I have a terrific fondness for good martial 
Something Little Kids Might Enjoy. I couldn t get into this movie. It was boring, too long, and I couldn t wait for it to be over with. George was 
What the hell?. How are we supposed to feel at the end of this movie? Good, that the Nigerian patients survived? I don t think so. The most important aspect 
More Shafting of Loyal Fans. Let the movie companies know you are sick of this scam of continually releasing multiple editions. The best way is to hit them where it 
Exit....Stage Left - Supremely Dissappointing. I guess I should have read the reviews first, and rented this from netflix....instead of getting excited over the DVDs and buying it!!!!!!!No one wants 
Do not buy. This is her pre-Skyscraper direct-to-video attempt at becoming a Hollywood film star. Acting and writing are poor. Lighting, sound, editing are professionally done  
Disappointment eith a great subject. I purchased this DVD with the thought of replacing my VHS versions of same. I expected Joe Garagiola & Vin Scully narrating the 1986 World 
Let s be honest. This is a so-so sci-fi pic from the late 60s -- nothing more, nothing less. To claim otherwise you d have to be either deluded, or 
The Firm. Great movie but CD not perfoming in the last few scenes. It gets stuck or restarts itself. Very frustrating and more frustrating to have to return new CD 
Not for Beginners!!!!. Very disappointing. Leisa Hart goes much too fast for anyone to catch on to her moves. The dance moves she does are much to fast to learn 
Complete and utter mess. Its not the idea that Jesus was a man of color, there are clear indications that he might have been. Its the ridiculous notions and creative 
Look Grandpa, It s a Mainstream B Movie...... This movie is almost like Evil Dead meets Ever After and Van Helsing, while Sleep Hollow provides the backdrop. This movie is 
Jerry Maguire. The movie is great, but the DVD leaves a lot to be desired. I have to use captioning for the hearing impaired and I am not of Latino 
Only mildly interesting, and no classic . I saw this at the library and brought it home, thinking it might be interesting to watch. I very rarely watch films made 
Hollywood missed the point. Hollywood took this incredible novel of courage and cunning and turned it into a war epic filled with famous stars who appear for a minute or 
1 DVD is not enough!. Im a huge Stone Cold fan and I have got to say that I am horribly dissapointed. This disc does not contain any of the 
Item not yet received. How can I rate it when I havent received it yet?Thank  
Just Say No. This movie is no Heathers. It s not even Mean Girls. As hard as it tried to be witty, shocking, dark, and satirical, it just made me 
 There s one problem with that. You can t kill Ruechang... but I can . In an imaginary world, a princess is on the run from the evil General 
Depressing with no point. This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen. It s basically a movie about 3 kids who grew up together only one was 
Meet John Doe. I purchased this DVD a while ago - FYI - A documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie. I went to the 
Boring. I watched this movie with my fiancee last night, and it was disappointing. We started watching the clock after about twenty minutes, asking Is this over yet? The actors 
Speeding to hell. The story here dosen t matter. The main characters fuse into a missle of meth and insanity towards an explosive ending. Scwartzman escapes his fate temporarily and 
Kind of strange. This was our first Bob DVD and maybe I just chose wrong. My son waited for the theme song the whole time and it never played. Maybe 
Well done movie... ... But is is not the truth. Since the wall fell, we have learned that old joe was right. Hey, I bet in a few years Clooney 
Sad, very sad. I, like the others, bought this DVD thinking it was a legit CD I ve seen the word unathorized used on videos before and thought it was 
Very boring with walk-ons by fmaous people. This movie is very mildly amusing for about ten minutes. Yes, it is slightly interesting to see the Cannes environment, but not enough 
The WORSTof the WORST DVDs!!!!!!!. I am really a Christina fan but I have no choice on this one other than saying the truth. This is the WORST DVD I 
2 out of 10. The Pick-up Artist is a dangerously bad film. There is absolutely no chemistry between Robert Downey and Molly Ringwald. Molly Ringwald may have been of the 
Sci-Fi Trash. Well, I can t say that the storyline of the Dr. Moreau flicks is bad, it s an interesting blend of scientific and horrific. The 70 s version 
Gina just doesn t understand!!. Gina is just like the protesters--she just doesn t get it! The liberal way of doing ANYthing is throw more of our tax money at 
I have waited years for this. Finally it s here!!. The show is great, probably in the top 5 of all time best cop shows. The quality of the picture 
not worth the buy. So I recently purchased this movie, and it was really bad. Like I mean really terrible. I m so mad at myself for buying this movie. 
Pretentious, boring, political, un-real. Thirteen year olds can be easily impressed by cheap tricks, heartfelt lyrics, and a lot of pretty lights. So it goes with some reviewers of this 
If you like the back of William Hurt s head... The only good thing in this movie was Ms. Howard s performance, she is innocent and believable. I can t 
How Bad is Bad??? Pretty Bad. Without question, a truly awful movie. Not sure what Daryl Hannah was doing is this picture. Maybe it was part of her community service 
Worst movie ever made. Without a doubt, this is the worst movie ever made, in any genre, in any decade, by any movie making company since the begining of motion 
don t expect much. I bought this DVD ...and could tell from the packaging it was nothing spectacular. I was right. If you re looking for a better rendition of 
Annoying Lear. I didn t enjoy the film. I also didn t enjoy the original play by Shakespeare. King Lear is one of my least favorite Shakespeare plays. I don 
Moon River....this movie is all wet!. Overacted. Boring. Horrible movie. The only likable character was Cat.  
Dreadful. Save your money or give it to charity. This is one of the worst films for a long time. The characters are one-dimensional, you don t care who they 
a terrible screenplay with a bunch of bad castings. tasteless and bore-to-death screenplay with poor castings. a & e did another lousy job just like what showtime always did. i 
One star idea from Universal.... I guess with all the news recently that Universal wants to buy Dreamworks, their DVD marketing has started to go down the toilet, as two 
Back to the future... of impossible romance?. If you loved the Back to the Future trilogy and, generally speaking, time traveling extravaganzas on the silver screen... simply forget about buying 
Disappointed. This set was supposed to have the Christopher Reeve Superman 1-4 movies, but #3 was missing and instead, there were 2 #2s. It was especially bad because the movies 
Relieved I m Not The Only One Who Feels This Way. After seeing the real show in L.A., my girlfriend and I were really looking forward to the DVD. And 
AN INSULT TO ALL BLACK MEN ON ITS FACE - PERFECTLY VILE DVD. To answer another customer, YES UNFORTUNATELY I DID ACTUALLY SEE THE ENTIRE MOVIE FROM HIIDIOUS BEGINNING TO 
WORST MOVIE of all time. This film is terrible. It is so bad I threw the disk to the garbage. It was not even good enough to be kept on 
 Where s the brains? !!!!!!! imgaine this said by the wendy s old lady. . Yeah, that s how I felt when I noticed the lack of gore and 
Are You Being Disappointed?. Don t get me wrong, I LOVE Are You Being Served? I have most of the episodes memorized but this is a total rip off. The 
It was great and awful at the same time. Blue Lagoon was a commercial success but due to the terrible acting and the cheesy storyline, the movie did very bad 
Plot Twists A Little Too Twisted. First of all I cannot stand Jennifer Aniston in any way,shape or form! But wanting to watch something in this day of retread movie 
give me a break... im sure ill here alot from this review but everyone giving this movie 5 stars i dont see how or why.have you people just been introduced 
Lousy. I was not satisfied with this movie. I did not expect it to be similar to the first version of The Butterfly Effect. However, what I did expect was 
R..... not PG. This movie is rated PG; yet I was not able to show this movie to my kids. I know that the world is full of aggression, however 
A Typical Male Movie: Cars, Girls, And No Sense. I mean, nothing made sense in this movie and it literally made my head spin. Nothing but fast cars, severly underweight 
The original versions are 4x3 letterboxed... The original versions are 4x3 letterboxed...For anyone with an HDTV or widescreen regular TV, these DVDs are a major disappointment. The original versions are 
So so movie with inadequate storyline. Look people! The damn movie s about a guy getting demoted from doorman to sinkroom attendant. So what!?! This isn t Metropolis or Gone 
Save your money!. Awful!Doesn t even rise to the level of good camp or kitsch  
Lacking of the facts. Don t let a propoganda wheel fool you of the truth1. The Miami Herald gained access to all Florida ballots and did their own recount, at 
I expected more!. I was really excited to receive the Leisa Hart abs workout from amazon after reading all of the excellent reviews.To my disappointment this ab workout turned out 
Where is the Disco song I LOVE THE NIGHTLIFE ??????. Not The Original Film. Doesn t have the original disco scene with I like the night life song. THEY COMPLETELY 
Nothing of substance. I found this movie almost painful to sit through almost from the very beginning. The acting was amateurish and the dialog was stilted and unnatural. I have 
banality by any other name. Jeez, maybe I am getting old, but I really found absolutely nothing about this film to be interesting or original in the slightest.A brilliant scientist. 
Hmm... The old DVD from 1997 looks better than the new HD version. I ve compared the two, and the first DVD had good color saturation, dark blacks and looked 
Not impressed. I love Billy Blanks Lower Body and Ultimate Bootcamp dvds. I tried his Ab Bootcamp, thinking it would be great too, but what a letdown. I m not 
Welles has lost it. Orson Welles was a master of film. But not this film. While I appreciate the message he is trying to convey, his cleverness is off the 
Buy only if you are a jazz guitarist. The tiltle threw me off since i did not know who Danny Gatton was.I was expecting to learn some amazing rhythm patterns 
If you saw the trailer you saw the movie. From the glowing reviews here, I guess I am in the minority. Essentially this was a 10 minute Ben Stiller schtick 
Heartburn is the least of the ills caused by this movie. A slow, loggy movie about a philandering husband everyone was guessing this was Watergate reporter Carl Bernstein in the 
disappointing. i had never known that there was a movie made about the life story of one of my very favourite singers patsy cline.well they needn t have bothered as 
watch out!. be careful with this video if you have any neck, back or shoulder problems  
Sadly,. The lack of Liam neeson and raimi s directing is what ruined this movie for me. While Mr. Vasloo is superb in his taking on the burden of the 
Scooby-DUD!. Loud, obnoxious and generally unfunny live-action adaption of the Hanna-Barbera cartoon.After watching this film I realized that the legendary 80 s mega-flop Howard the Duck was almost twenty years 
Please don t waste your money on this!. I have to get this off my chest. I can t go on hating the fact that I bought this tape and 
Horrid Movie. I saw all the revies for this movie and was expecting a dark enjoyable tale about a libtertine. I was strongly mistaken. Johnny Depp is a great actor 
Who can take this seriously?. What a world we live in where propaganda is no longer used to support governnments but corporations. After 30 minutes of this tripe I felt 
Nice Lip Syncing. There are no real performances here. Pretty ladies standing there not actually singing. Kinda boring. Music is fine if you like Celtic Yanni, but there s no 
Central Role Badly Miscast. A Perfect Spy is a complex novel, very difficult to film because it is essentially a psychological exploration rather than any sort of conventional narrative, much 
WEAK. If you want to waste two hours of your life watching a movie about the most implausible hooker in the universe, you are in luck. Jane Fonda plays a 
bad demon, bad!!. This is camp and camp... and more camp.... but Bruce wouldn t touch it. Bad acting, racial stereotypes, and more bad acting. On the up side the 
Fictionally Tragic. All of us have a dark side. Unfortunately AUTO FOCUS focuses on this small subset of actor Bob Crane s life and expands it out of proportion. In 
Disappointing Second Set. With the exception of disc# 6 this collection was very disappointing. It was obvious that the show lost its charm after season #3 and was well on 
Modern Film Making at its... Weirdest. Do you not understand modern art? Or does 50 or more of the art in MOMA confuse you? If you answered yes to either 
Very Poor Quality DVD. Love the movie, but the quality of the DVD put out by Alpha Video was so bad it was very difficult to watch. The sound was 
Drivel. I don t like to brag, but I d like to think that I m a pretty good judge of movies and whether they re good or not. I 
Barely Average... Mysterious Island was a quite a disappointment, considering the presence of Patrick Stewart and the fact that it is based on a classic by Jules Vern.The movie brings 
Not the greatest movie in world history, but . . . I would have to disagree with the statement that Scary Movie 3 was the best movie ever made. The 
UNWATCHABLE !. Save your money. I gave up halfway through and shredded the DVD. Amanda Peet was great in Saving Silverman , but she should be mortified by this movie. 
The Horror! The Horror!. Well, I had to succumb. I was attracted to this alleged film by it s notoriety as possibly the worst film ever made and a few 
Full screen = no sale. I wont buy this title until they release the original WIDESCREEN version  
MGM blew it. I think the publication of this VERSION of Valdez Is Coming is a travesty.The version published by MGM is NOT the original version. It is MISSING over 
Good Story, B Movie. The story is set in late 1943 but is unbelievable due to bad costumes and worse acting. A decent plot exploring the relationship between man and 
Barberella Psychadela It s Not. The opening strip scene is reminiscent of Barbarella - too bad those aren t Basinger s legs though. Nerdy scientist falls for galactic beauty as 
Feel Like I was Taken. This wasn t worth the money I paid for the deluxe.Lots of it was nonsense...If I could sent it back I would of.... I would 
Ultimate Boredom. After watching the 1 Ultimate Avengers I was expecting a another action packed romp through the park, but I realized this was truly anti-climatic. The HULK make the 
Not that great. I don t think these dvd s are that great. I m not sure if I just don t like Mari Winsor, or if I don t 
Don t Get Me Wrong... I feel I should preface by saying that I love this band to death. However, For Fans Only is pretty shoddy. Every negative comment listed 
I m the only one who didn t care for it. Gene Kelly was very good in it, and it did have one very good musical number with Kelly, that 
not as good as the book. do not see beefcake, the book was better  
Boring. There s nothing clever or subtle about this movie, there s no energy or chemistry, and it ain t even funny. Many movies can get away with formulas and 
Oh, God, This Was Bad. This film was INCREDIBLY bad, easily the worst I ever tried to sit through. The editorial review said that it s hard to imagine a 
Disappointing technical release. The studio should have invested more in the film to dvd transfer, the colors are a real disaster especially in The Gang s All here .I whish 
Pieces Of a Puzzle. Ju-On the grudge is about a horrific murder that develops an un-rested spirit which rages in a small suburban house in Japan. The movie constructs itself 
Original Cinderella. A bit disappointed - I had never seen this version before, having grown up watching the 60 s version in color which I love, and even though Julie 
Disappointed. I bought this DVD after watching Jessica Simpson s latest music video These boots are made for walkin . I thought her Reality Tour Live will have some catchy 
Only one reason to watch this film... ...and it s staring at you on the video cover. It s more proof of Jodie Foster s brilliance that she manages to 
good music, too hard to follow for beginners... I will admit that Paula is inspirational BUT she doesn t give you enough time to learn the move before putting you 
One of the worst films ever!!. I bought this DVD hoping that it will be a good one but it turned out to be awful and trashy. There is no 
Revolting. This movie is very difficult to watch after awhile. Its about a psycho boss but its not funny at all. I didn t laugh through any of the movie. 
technical problems. I ve loved this movie ever since I saw it on CBS years ago so I was really excited to own it on DVD. Unfortunately the experience was 
times like this amazon needs a no star option. I myself am a huge Buffy Angel fan, I had read the reviews here and I thought it was worth a 
hollow and meaningless graphic junk, deserve NO STAR!!. this is a ridiculous and clueless graphical junk! terrible! after watching it going mindlessly nowhere for 20 minutes, all of us, parents 
The ugly side of ugly lives. Hank Chinaski can t hold a job, can t hold a woman, can t control his alcoholism, and can t make a decent friend 
Not worth the time. As a fan of both golf and films based in biography, I expected to thoroughly enjoy this film. Unfortuneately, it was, on the whole, a let 
big letdown. I read the book and loved it so I rented the movie hoping it would come pretty close. Didn t happen.If you haven t read the book you 
Not what I expected. I am sure some people would find this DVD useful, but it wasn t at all what I expected. This may be attributed to my not 
The Mothman Travesty. Three problems with this film:1. PACING - The film s pacing doesn t vary. It s very boring. As a matter of fact, this wouldn t be 
anyone who watches this is an idiot. I weep for our nation. Anyone who watches this should be ashamed of themself. You are directly at fault for the decline of 
Wouldn t even play. I love the series and would love to see these episodes again. Unfortunately the DVD wouldn t even play. I tried it in three different players 
A Middling Collection Of Will s SNL Career. After pretty much laughing my ... off while watching The Best Of Will Ferrell , I expected to do the same with 
Hey Yo I dont like this. Its probably alright if you like stuff like this but I dont  
Bor-r-r-r-ring!. Personally, I can t see this movie for dust. In fact, I find it extremely annoying. The only video worse than this one is Monty Python and the Holy 
Don t Fall for this one. Teenagers plan a mock crime for kicks on the same day criminals knock off a bank for real and their paths cross. I can 
Lost Souls. THE RULES OF ATTRACTION Lost SoulsAmos Lassen and Cinema PrideThe Rules of Attraction is a twisted story about sex, drugs, and college life. Three students at Camden College 
Viacom s poor atempt of cashing in... The title says it all. Reguardless of why Dave left, these episodes -- if you even want to call them that, should have 
Bad movie. This has to be Dolph s suckiest movie. I m a huge fan, and I own a ton of his movies and watch a bunch more on a 
Not that good...to put it lightly. Some eroticism, more of a soft-core porn movie but unlike most of those there is the plot. The problem is perhaps that some of 
The Worst Sequel I have seen to date. This movie has horrible acting, and a storyline that is so farfetched its in outerspace. This is definetly not a movie for 
WHY??. Why? This is a total waste of time and money on Disney s part. They just don t have that magic that they had in the 90 s. I 
Not as Advertised. I bought this DVD for my collection. I do not buy full screen format DVDs. Amazon described the DVD as Anamorphic, Closed-captioned, Color, Dolby, Full Screen, Widescreen, 
Horrible sketch comedy....terribly dated, and not very funny... Despite being a comedy show, this turned out to be a rather depressing experience. There were a few amusing bits here and 
--Ridiculous portrayal of President Teddy Roosevelt--. I had looked forward to seeing THE ROUGH RIDERS, but my expectation for a good film was not met by this movie.The film does 
Where s the music???. Muse is obviously one of the top bands musically in this day and age. Creative music and lyrics will always make them an amazing listening experience.1st 
A 10 INSULT TO THE BACKWOODS HORROR GENRE !. I m a big fan of low budget straight to dvd horror but this one just didn t do it for 
An easy film to sum up... Just repeat the following several times.1 Draggy plot2 Uninspired acting, especially Allen, who almost sinks it3 unimaginative story, direction, etc Then get a Hitchcock 
Blind Faith. Disappointing, to say the least.Poor sound qualityl 2 channel stereol I mean c mon; no surround soundThis is 2006!They could have mastered the picture quality, as well  
I Call Shenanigans!. Shame on you Disney, for trying to bleed me of my hard-eard money.I call Shenanigan  
Iconic film-depressing, grim view of life. Nicholsan s performance is without a doubt superior, but the material is second-rate. Why anyone would want to make a movie like this, much 
Dung and a drag. OK, first things first true believers - The Curmudgeon is NOT a D&D fan. I ve nothing against it or anything I don t think it 
Long and Boring. Long on loathing. Boring, I fear. This trip was at somewhere I ve never been, and I don t want to go there. A place beyond the 
Stop the world I want to get off. Five of six episodes of 1955 mini-series Orson Welles created for British television.The first episode takes place in St. Germain des Pres 
Mediocre DVD Transfer; Average Sci-Fi Movie. For a 2-disc, director s cut, my expectations were perhaps too high for this DVD. Nevertheless, I was appalled at the poor quality of 
Not as good as one would think. I tend to be a little picky about which movies I watch, especially for those rare theaters visits, but to some degree for 
Down right weird!. I saw Dead Ringers in the movies. The theater was filled with mostly couples. When it was over, as we walked out, laughter began to spread as 
Not a movie. Buyers should be aware that this is not actually a movie , but a narrated reenactment. It made me feel I was back in grade school. Still, 
omg................... i love jane austen and i really enjoy period pieces. but the main character was the WORST actress i have ever seen in my life. she was boring, weird, 
How to make a good story boring. Watching this movie, I am struck by how effectively they can take one of the most interesting and exciting stories possible, and make 
It s a Dog... ARF! ARF! ARF!. Watching Toys was like watching Teletubbies dumbed down for an audience of subhumans.Six Million Jews died in concentration camps during World War II. 
Spacey moons the camera, then the movie gets mooned. starts off as Spacey s moons the cameras and people and then goes on with a boring pace and the worst 
The Itsy Bitsy Problem. By the time you see the ending, you ll already be wishing that you hadn t watched this movie  
No need to Suicide. I get the story line but 5 grown women need to suicide!? The one dare to have a boyfriend and not go home for the night. 
Scarlett. Margarett Mitchell must be rolling in her grave. She wrote a masterpiece in the 1930 s, then Alexandra Ripley bought the rights to her book by conning Margaret Mitchell 
Down By Law DVD Dissapointment. The movie itself is just as good i remembered it. But the Criterion Collection DVD package, however, is so totally not worth the 40 plus 
Lousy follow-up. This is pitiful. How do you maximize profit? Easy, minimize quality on every level and capitalize on the brand name. In other words, raise expectations through the roof 
Awful!. Saw Hart s War the other night and couldn t really believe anyone would invest money and time in a film as awful as this one. This film bombed 
Turn off your brain and enjoy. Despite my one-star rating, this is an acceptable time-killer: good-natured, forgettable and not real bright. Poor Hilary Swank - from that movie where she 
There is nothing wrong with your television set.... The two-star review is for the transfer. While the movie itself is pretty good, the transfer for this DVD is awful. It 
insufficient, boring, and eventually annoying. I can do all the exercises here, with sufficient rests between them, plus a warm up and warm down, in 15 minutes. So what s 
Unbelievebly predictable and bad . This is the most boring, vapid, cliched movie in the world. Here s the plot if you haven t guessed : Soccer team of lovable 
Cliched story, inferior animation. We re deep into the formula now with computer animated films -- and Over The Hedge is one of the most tired of the bunch. Can 
Horrible Compilation. Atrocious Compilation - it s of some of the worst films the Coens did excluding The Big Lebowksi and does not include their most famous films. What were 
Dreadful. I recall this movie fondly--Unfortunately, the DVD quality is so poor, this cannot be watched. Pity Amazon does not allow negative stars the their ratings. Don t waste your 
Too Slow. I was very disappointed in this movie. I thought it was slow moving and found myself contunually calling up the display to see how much longer it lasted. 
Only a few more laughs. By the time I came to this movie, I had already gotten there first three. Up in Smoke was fantastic, Next Movie was great, Nice 
Primer. What looks like a good movie to watch quickly turns into disappointment. Whilst you expect some plot to come together at least on first viewing - it is strung 
Pointless and Mostly Unfunny Sequel from Martin Lawrence. Malcolm aka Big Momma comes back after the original became a big hit about 6 years ago. Martin Lawrence again wears a 
ugh. This is an extremely dry anime. The manga version by Masamune Shirow is filled with bits of humor. Not so for the anime. The character Batou was especially funny 
Frankly my dear... ...I was bored. This despite some top-notch performances especially Sean Bean ; costumes, settings. The actress playing Clarissa merely came off as a self-rightous little prig. You 
A goody-goody propaganda video. This is a goody-goody Ronald Reagan propaganda style film. By that I mean that it tries to portray the US as the good guys being hit 
Fair... This is a nice item to add to a collection of D&D trinkets, but in NO WAY is good. It is lacking in story and acting. A lot of 
Unknown Quantity. unable to view because of incompatible format as you warned me! However, my ancestor James McLintock of Barnsley, Yorkshire, England sent John Wayne an eiderdown quilt for making 
warning. Not in a long time have i had such a dislike for a movie as i do with Freeway. I am a fan of dark comedies so i thought 
Not worth the money-time. I thought with both Luke and Owen in the same movie it should be fairly entertaining. But I kept waiting for it to get good, kept 
Entertaining because its so bad. This would have to rank as one of the worst movies of all time. Overlong, boring, dreadful acting, embarrassing screenplay. By the time you get 
Monkey Business. A dissapointment. Sadly, neither of these actresses were wearing masks in this film.What in the hell happened to Kelli McGillis? Don t expect to see anyone even closely 
No Show. This item was never received. Amazon s tracking system claims that it was shipped on January 20 by Canada Post.  
What is the point of this film?. ...I mean,other than making a profit for the studio which,I understand,did not happen yet ...Whoever wrote the script for this doofus movie ought 
Not my cup of tea. I bought this DVD based on reviews here on Amazon. I won t fault others for thier position, it s just a matter of personal 
Waste of time and money. I have to wonder if the reviewers that gave this DVD a good rating saw the same one I did. The animation is cheesy, the 
stitch or pokemon?. if your and adult and love the first moviedo not get this one it is stitch the movie,a movie to start the TV show.check the rating lilo 
Of Spiders and Exotic Dancers. Please understand that I am a die-hard cheesy movie buff. Pause with me while I attempt to explain this movie. Around 1960, a European filmmaker 
Too fast, bad transitions. I bought this DVD despite the mixed reviews and have to report that I was disappointed with the purchase. I have another Pilates tape not DVD 
What were they thinking???. I loved this movie the first time I saw it, when it was called THE WRATH OF KHAN! This movie is a complete and utter rip-off 
Crass does not automatically equal funny. I was very unimpressed with this movie. Borat suffers from the same delusion as Sarah Silverman in thinking that crass or politically incorrect AUTOMATICALLY 
What happened... ... to the outtakes when they roll the credits? This DVD is crap!! I got this for 5 at Target and, man, what a mistake... The English dub 
GARBAGE. This movie was really a waste of money. the writing the directin are all very bad. it is also very low budget which i thought would increase the realness 
Corny, Predictable, Blah..... Don t bother with this unfunny, predictable, boring, pedestrian, fingerpainted drivel. The piggy stole the show  
I wish I could have rated it 0 star. I decided to buy this movie after reading many excellent reviews of it. I watched it with my girlfriend. Bad idea... 
Given a choice between the dentist and the Deep Blue Sea, take the least painful option - get a cavity filled. Caution: This review contains a couple spoilers!First off, I 
What?. I was under the impression that this was the entire series. I finally, after many issues, got my set and unwrapped it, and my heart sank audibly when I 
Should have been called Star Trek: Retconiverse . I tried to give ENTERPRISE a chance. I was excited to see how the Federation and Starfleet first developed and what happened 
Jesus, what a steaming pile of crap!. Julia Roberts plays Ed Harris young new wife. Susan Sarandon plays Harris ex-wife. Ex-wife does not like new wife. New wife does not 
Yawn. Too bad there is no such thing as a zero star. This video is such a bored-fest. I was actually given this video for free by a friend of 
Terrible, fake, sleazy, cheap disappointment. I must admit that when I heard this movie was in the works, I was giddy with excitment. When I heard that Stallone was writing 
Nice Imagery and sound but... Unfortunately I have not been able to experience what most of the reviewer of this product experienced. After couple weeks of researching for ways of 
Don t waste your time or money. After an interesting setup, this movie goes downhill very quickly, with ridiculous coincidences, far fetched plot developments, some over the top acting and 
Hurt My Back. This DVD really hurt my back. I did the easier of the Yin workouts and my back hurt for two days. I would highly recommendBaron Baptise, Kathy 
UnType-Cast. DiScala was emotionally type-cast, and physically mis-cast, to play an allegedly desirable woman. She would, however, be perfectly cast as a fat-assed, shallow, narcissist. Oh, that s right, she 
The makings of a television movie. I had great expectations for this movie, as it included one of the greatest actors of all time, Walter Matthau, as well as, what 
Taking Lives 2004 . Director: D.J. CarusoCast: Angelina Jolie, Ethan Hawke, Kiefer Sutherland, Gena Rowlands, Oliver Martinez, Tcheky Karyo, Jean-Hughes Anglade, Paul Dano.Running Time: 109 minutesRated R for violence, gore, 
Traumatically bad. This movie starts off with the death of Emily s Dakota Fanning mother. Wanting to get away from it all, she and her father De Niro , move 
This movie has no substance. I have to say... all the CGI movies I have watched have all been top-notch as far as story goes. I m talking about Toy 
NOT JUST BAD BAD FOR YOU! So Sugary sweet it makes you sick to your stomach. On the surface Maid In Manhattan it seems like a light romantic comedy with 
Wait until November. On November 28 two better versions of this collection will be released. The first is entitled The Christopher Reeve Superman Collection . This release is listed on 
False advertising!. As amazing as it would have been to finally watch the famed MURDER SHE WROTE MAGNUM P.I. crossover as it originally aired -- and, as the packaging would 
Not as good as I remember. When I was 18 watching topless woman was all I needed to Like a sex comedy.Now 30 years later this movie didn t hold 
Not a sequel just another werewolf movie. For those that waited all these years for a sequel to the classic American Werewolf in London, the wait is not over.American adventurers 
Out For A Crap. Steven Seagal drops yet another classic on the film world with Out For A Kill .Seagal stars as an overweight but super-sexy professor named Robert Burns. 
Garbage. This shows what hype all this has become. SCRATCHING is beautiful but this movie sucks. It is a live performance w nothing new. No tricks, jazzy is using a 
Could have been better. Gay guy tells straight guy that gay guys can get any girl. Straight guy tests this out and supposedly, fiasco occurs. Well there was a fiasco: 
The book is fascinating; the movie fails it. I m a retired attorney. I enjoy crime novels and the movies that bring them to us visually. However, this movie simply 
Waste Of Time. Ring Two wasn t scary at all and though I was sad when the cute guy got killed there was really nothing to really comment about except 
Wonderful film but poor DVD quality. I bought the DVD with this artwork out of a dollar bin and I got what I paid for. The image is fuzzy and 
Mediocre is good?. I was very disappointed after reading all the glowing reviews for this movie and then watching your average bad guys on the run movie. Gee, Billy Bob 
2 stars for cameos. A dull dull movie that perpetuates stereotypes of latinos in the US and abroad. I was very bored with this movie and found the plot to 
NY City Ballet 2 - thumbs down. I am an adult ballet student. I ve been dancing for 4 years and wanted to be able to workout at home when 
Its good but... I was so excited to see this movie. when i saw in theaters i immediatly though well it was good atthe beggining which is true. the entire 
This just didn t do it for me. Maybe I loved the original one too much, but this version of the story did not work for me. I especially was 
poses, not pratice. I read all these great reviews and must admit I was REALLY disappointed. I thought it would be a yoga dvd I could do with my child 
incorrect region code. Bad News ! The DVD what I purchased from you, I cannot see, you send a copy with an Incorrect Region Code which in South Africa I 
maybe a good film but not a true story - warning, spoilers!. There are so many reviews saying this is a true story I have to point out that while 
pass this one completely. What is the point of making a Tracy and Hepburn collection without including guess who is coming to dinner? . This collection has only 1 ownable 
Oh no...it finally happened. Leslie Nielsen in a bad parody!. I am a big Leslie Nielsen fan. I first saw him in the Naked Gun series, which I thought was 
the name says it all. this movie is one of the 3 ~worst~ movies I ve ever seen.these 98 minutes seemed more like 6 hours.and for chrissake - he s 
Frosty Returns?. This is the worst cartoon I have ever seen. The original frosty is really good. I will never watch Frosty Returns more than the once I have seen 
Juvenile. Dialog was unoriginal and juvenile. Plot looked like many others blood and gore movies. I hated this movie  
Watch out for hybrid combo discs!. I just purchased the Toshiba HD-A2 HD-DVD player and I love it. I was unpleasantly surprised when the HD side of the disc would 
a slam banging Van Damme..no wait...this aint good at all. one of the worst Van Damme movies of all time, this one and Derailed and Replicant and Knock Off, come 
really disappointed. I thought the screenplay was really thick. The lines were unnatural, and too philosophical.  
Don t Waste Your Time. I have to agree with the some of the other reviewers of this movie, that it is a real stinker. And Wood Harris is not 
Mediocre Retread. I saw this with a group of Strangers with Candy fans, and everybody was pretty disappointed. Each scene of the series was overflowing with humorous touches - the 
Pretty Lame. I rented this movie on VHS because that was teh only formate they had. I think its pretty FReaking Lame. The Sport Sequeces are cool, but aside from 
keep away. This was purhcased by accident. But still one of the crapiest movies I ever seen. Story wise, well it s bad to see what situation young girls could 
Bastardization of A Good, Classic Tale. This movie was horrible!!! I watched it with my twin 6-year-olds and we were all equally bored and disappointed with this video! It was 
Tedious and Long. Contrary to the adorers of this film, I find Kings and Queens to be tedious and long. There are a few redeeming moments in the movie, but 
TRUTH BE TOLD = # & & !@# & . AS A CINEMA TV MAJOR I MAY BE LITTLE ROUGH SO PLEASE EXCUSE MEBUT I AM 70 S - 80 
Spaced Out Reviewers. I usually trust Amazon reviewers on movie reviews, but this time ....NO WAY! This silly, totally predictable film left us playing with the cat for our evening 
MERYL S BIGGEST BOMB. I rate this and Impromptu and also maybe The Piano as films that are so impressed with themselves and their supposed pedigree they don t have 
Why pay more for less?. I m puzzled as to why anyone should pay 59.39 for these three DVDs that currently retail on Amazon for 11.24 Signs , 14.99 Unbreakable 
made me ashamed to have served. This is the first time that I ve ever felt so compelled to write a review for a movie I thought was horrible. But 
Too true to Life. I read the book when it was first published and then a friend had a son diagnosed with leukemia and went through the same thing as 
Painfully stupid. Ring of Darkness David DeCoteau, 2004 Former porn director David DeCoteau, whose most notable mainstream flicks have been the Puppet Master franchise he directed 3, 4, and 5, 
Don t go West, young man. Mae West became a sex symbol not because of the way she looked but because of the way she spoke. Her unique delivery coupled 
Not bad...once. When I watched this movie, I have to say, I thought it was pretty pointless. Napolean Dynamite is, too, but it s funny. This isn t quite up 
Misses the Point. I found it very annoying that the makers of this version felt the need to have everyone keep teaching little lessons and reciting little morals to Alice. 
The Stepford Wives Lay an Egg. A few days ago I was delighted to learn The Stepford Wives would be shown on cable TV, but I soon realized I was 
Reporting from Location. In 2005, we took a weekend trip from Baton Rouge, LA to Natchitoches, LA, where fifteen years earlier the filming of Steel Magnolias in 1989 remains about 
Horrid experience, and way too long. While I ve seen worse films, few films that I have ever seen combine action, comedy, and dialog as sloppy as this overlong, over-loud, 
Bland, predictable and cliche... There are certainly some memorable scenes in this film, but as a whole it just didn t quite work for me.Vlastimil Brodsky is indeed a talented 
Minor, atypical Eastwood. A major dud at the box-office when released in 1989, &quot;Pink Cadillac&quot; was perhaps the first serious sign that Clint Eastwood s career was in need of 
Good intentions but... A prestigious scientist Scharwzenegger is embraced by artificial insemination testing by himself a new pharmacological device.In spite of the existence of several funny humor blows, it predominates 
docu-commentary: all the pros for wal-mart, none of the cons. This film pulls together all of the arguments in favor of wal-mart. There is also a very interesting conclusion on 
OK But not for beginners. I suppose this workout is okay for someone already in fairly good shape, but for anyone overweight most of the exercises are almost impossible to 
Born To Lose. Does Deniro even appear in this movie? Talk about false advertising.  
Very disappointed. I had high hopes for this DVD as I m looking for good insightful information re 9 11, especially in relation to the collapse of Building 7. I 
Awful. BOO has to be the worst horror movie I have seen in a long time. Poorly conceived, badly acted and, boy, is the acting BAD , atrociously written, sloppily 
Racist Movie - Worst Black Stereotyping I Have Ever Seen. This movie was pretty awful. Since I am ranking it with 1 star, then according to another reviewer I must 
Not what I remembered. I remember LOVING this movie and all of its silliness. I recently made it a nostalgia purchase and realized-it isn t that great. but my 6 
No Point & Very Blank. As I recall, 1967 was not the most prolific year for movies and Point Blank,in my opinion, would be one of the worst films I 
Gore s Campaign DVD For the Presidency. Pseudo-science from the inventor of the Internet, the inspiration of Love Story, the guy on the cover of Rolling Stone and the winner 
Awful script,bad acting!. Well,I m afraid there s almost nothing positive to say about this movie.The plot is ridiculous,the directing is terrible,most of the acting is unbearable and the music 
Not enough Monkey Business!. Everybody say CONGO is a film about scientists find killer gorillas in th rain forest. This is true, but before we get to the psycho monkeys, 
Mistitled, but a good movie. This movie added a world war, changed the continent the story took place on, and then brought the dead back to life. To me, once 
DON T BUY THIS!. The film makers of this piece of garbage misrepresented themselves as a film crew for the BBC. Everyone interviewed in it were lied to and edited 
Horrid. I once saw this movie seven years ago and really liked it. Hey, I was young and naive. I recently rented this movie to see it again. I was 
Who s History?. Neither side in the 1812-1815 war emerged victorious, although you might think one side did from watching this documentary. The US came close to defeat several times 
But, Mom, I am asking For It. It is movies like this that make me wonder if the writers directors producers of these Lifetime movies think about what they are 
The cell phone is the main character. The most interesting part of this action movie is the centrality of the cell phone. The movie is a Nokia product placement, highlighting 
Worst. Movie. Ever. OK I have seen a lot of bad movies but this one takes the prize for worst movie ever. I am generally a big fan of 80 
The Return...of BOOORING!!!!. How can so many people rate this as a good movie?!?!?It was downright horrible. It took over thirty minutes for any action to take place, if you 
My first review was too harsh 2.5 stars . When I first wrote a review for this movie I will confess that I was angry that it did not have 
I saw this with a Holocaust survivor. We enjoyed the early parts of the film because of the humor, but my friend, a survivor of Auschwitz Birkenau and a forced 
I GIVE IT ONE STAR ONLY BECAUSE RALPH FIENNES IS IN IT. This movie has been terribly hyped-up, for reasons unbeknownst to me, perhaps politically, I presume, in the usual 
A rotten musical. This film represents the low point in the splashy Grable musicals released by Twentieth Century Fox during the war. The story script is really appalling and Bruce 
Lucas Strikes!. NOTE: This review is not about the trilogy which is great . This review is about the many DVD releases.The worst thing that ever happened to George Lucas 
1st Star Wars related thing I didn t realy care for. This was really bad. I had to force myself to finish the first feature film. I now realize why 
No Rhythm Whatsoever. This film is an absolute piece of garbage, but according to the Academy, this was the finest film of 1951. I would rather watch Strangers on a 
Getting Older Not Better. The Prisoner of AzkabanYoung Harry suffers as an adopted child and family servant. An insulting relative is blown away, and Harry leaves too. A magic bus 
Don t waste your time. What conceivable reason could there be for making this movie? We all basically know the story and we all know that the true story behind 
Looking forward to the Final Credits. The production and performances in Final Stab are good. What brings the movie down is the characters. Within the first 10 minutes of meeting 
The second worst dinosaur movie. First off, special effects mean nothing compared to actual quality. But at least this is better than the abomination that was JAWS.The only dinosaur movie 
Pretty Revealing. This DVD exposes the Ultimate Warrior as 25 postitive and 75 negative.I do believe that Jim Hellwig does suffer from narcissm in relation to his ongoing identity crisis. 
Anderson begins to lose his grip. The first few times I saw this film, I thought it was great. The use of music, the color, the sets, I thought they 
Great Family Show But Poor Transfer Quality & No Extras.. Now don t get the wrong impression of my rating because this is an excellent family show and it gets 
Costumes were good. Jennifer Jason...Can someone PUHLeeze tell me why she ALWAYS plays the same role! ANd why all of her characters have seriously bad elocution!The so called ~Bostonish...or upper 
Visual Inverse Proportions. I was thrilled to see a style of dance that I don t have access to made available to me via DVD and went ahead and gave 
poor mr. king,will they ever get one of his short stories right??. so bad that i will just say this,read the book night shift and find out what this movie 
Take out your hunting knife and gut the book. Never have I seen a movie violate a book so badly. John Grisham s Runaway Jury is a moral microcosm of 
Just not gripping. Admittedly the film is clever and the acting is good and it has it s moments of entertainment, BUT overall it s long and pretty boring. It 
Universal is asleep at the wheel. Not what C.B. deserves.... OK. So Universal, with an impressive library of Paramount movies from the 30s and 40s, and a less-impressive but still 
Say no to dubs. Even though fans of HK cinema have as a whole come a long way since HK films were generally only seen in the states on Saturday 
The entire Escaflowne universe in a can... First off, I am a fan of the original series - Escaflowne. It s by far up there in the top 5 of 
Decent but lacks a sense of wonder. Whenever you think of Disney films, you typically think of cutesy, happy-go-lucky 80 minute comedy musicals with pop culture jokes to appeal to 
Even for a Kid s Movie, This Film is Lame. Ouch! We can add another batch of compost to the trash heap that is Macaulay Culkin s career. While he 
Just not the same Hound Dog . I have the original Fox and The Hound and have watched it many times.This new sequel does not tug at the heart like 
Shame on You, Amazon. Okay, I bought this because I read the specifications on the product page and saw that it featured a Japanese language track. Finally! I thought, I 
Makes Michael Moore look like a moderate. This is a classic example of what liberals resort to ever since becoming unable to win at the ballot box.  
EH... AS FAR AS HORROR MOVIES GO, NO BIG DEAL... ... there s a strong made-for-TV vibe about this movie... nuff said  
Caves, what caves?. This is the most misleadlingly is that a word? titled movie I have ever seen. Amazing caves? What caves? The first 15 minutes of this reletively short 
I m scarred. The carebears big wish movie was horrible. THey never should have used CGI to make what use to be a wonderful show. I m scarred i m 
Not so HD. The movie is simply a classic, and a must for any Sci-fi fan.The HD quality was less then good though. I probably did something wrong, but I 
Weak and Unfunny Romantic Comedy Starring Gallo and Cox. A little-seen film starring Vincent Gallo and Courteney Cox, directed by Justin McCarthy brother of actor Andrew of Less Than Zero 
There s Got to Be a Morning After....Please. The most surprising aspect of this 2006 thrill ride of a movie is that at ninety minutes, it is almost a half-hour 
One Star For Violence--Five Stars For Heroism. I enjoyed viewing this film and seeing the good guy win. But, there must be a better way to resolve conflicts, a better 
Fine film ruined by voice-overs on this DVD. A solid documentary with interesting new footage and invaluable testimony from participants in the battle and related events is ruined by loud 
Package Deal 2!!!. WARNING!!! I do love the show and its well worth buying, but be sure you are buying this at the right price! It seems that Amazon has 
Very old techniques. Unfortunately Mr. Gould is teaching tennis methods on this DVD that have been completely debunked over the past 5 years. All the top tennis academies now teach 
SAME OLD TRANSFER. This DVD has new packaging but uses the same old non-anamorphic transfer and Dolby Digital Surround sound as the old version. MGM needs to release an anamorphic 
One of the weaker seasons of Buffy. I find Season 6 to be a somewhat tough one to get through, though I will grant that for many people, it is 
Grating!. I must repeat what some of the reviewers have said about this film. It is most unfortunate that a talented director Jules Dassin, Hollywood black list runaway, director of 
How Many Times Can This Story Be Filmed?. YOU, ME AND DUPREE is a formula film, a template designed for teenage guys who feel the need for potty mouth, noisy, 
What s up Charlie Brown?. This was a wishy washy attempt at the truth. The facts are there in parts and pieces, but it was not really put together well. 
Love Half Baked; Hated This DVD. If you already own Half Baked, don t waste your money on the Fully Baked Edition DVD, because the extras are a huge waste 
lost opportunity. I would love to have seen this subject handled by a more insightful and skilled filmmaker. It s regrettable that this tedious mess will be part of Ram 
Bad DVD release. The series is brilliant. This DVD release is not. Both the original and the replacement that amazon sent me were defective. Scenes would skip, certain episodes would 
I didn t like it.. Simply put, I didn t like it. Emma Thompson was too old to play a 19 year old. Not only did the movie leave out 
Couldn t have destroyed the story worse... I suppose if you never read the book, you might think this movie is good... maybe even charming. But having gone into the 
Fantasy, not to be confused with facts. This telplay is supposedly based on the possibility of an asteroid hitting the earth. That possibility is real, and many people take the 
I never received the video!. I read the statement: Will send in two to three business days. It s been almost one month. I never received the video. I m 
REINVENTING THE WHEEL. The flight into New York had been a long one; but I was gently revived when Kirsten Dunst met me at the airport. She was to be 
Worst Case of Sequel Gone Bad, I ve Ever Seen. I recently rented both of these movies at the same time. Big mistake. Obviously, the sequel was never meant to 
He was fired from GM for calling off and showing up late. what a joke...people believe the stupidest things...do some research and you will see that this is a joke. 
ONE FOR THE DOGS. This direct to video release is another one of those rich people who die and leave their fortunes to the family pet and one of the 
VERY disappointing. I love Sesame Street and I love watching it with my 16 month old daughter. However, I found this video to be a major let down. The people 
this one deserves a big fat zero. this has got to be one of the WORST, most unrealistic movies to date. i never have high expectations for lesbian flicks--rarely are 
Simplistic. This is a poor performance, poorly written and produced for a youthful audience. It is not adult fare  
Entertaining but not authoritative. The two stars are for the entertainment value of this series. There s no doubt that Penn and Teller can put on a show. However, this 
Avoid like the plaugue. During the late 1980 s and 1990 s,The Looney Tunes stayed a float thanks to the brillant writing and direction of Terry Lennon and Greg Ford.That 
SPARE ME THIS CRAPPY GARBEAGE!. I repeat, the original had no room for a sequel. What a waste of film and talent. This stuff is worthless. Enough said  
All censored. I have some Surrender Cinema stuff and they are really good softcore. But, this DVD is not. It s completely censored, if you buy it, you re gonna 
not for the easily offended, the squeamish or horse lovers. This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film. Matresse or Mistress in my opinion, is one 
help. I was trying to watch it, but can not open de DVD because it is the wrong country code????  
Strawberry Shortcake. I was very dissappointed with this movie. The animation was stone-age and it had characters in it that have not been introduced to this new generation of Strawberry 
Could have been much better. I enjoyed the Open Water , but this sequel fell flat. It s really a shame, because the film makers had all the right elements 
Femme Fatales or Very Lame?. Terrible direction, terrible writing, it almost feels like the director didn t know what he was working with. Although this movie wanted to be in 
 Art from another pretentious Yale grad with no connection to reality... This review is for Cremaster 4 & 5, although I can t imagine that 3 would be any 
Pointless remake!. New Rule For Hollywood= If you can t do something new with it, quit remaking older movies. Without Gregory Peck and Lee Remick this loses most of the 
Lousy follow-up. This is pitiful. How do you maximize profit? Easy, minimize quality on every level and capitalize on the brand name. In other words, raise expectations through the roof 
Another MIRAMAX Hack Job ! Don t Say You Weren t Warned . [[IMPORTANT NOTE!: Amazon has regretably been combining ALL of the reviews of the two different films mentioned 
Am I missing something?. I can t believe how many people think this movie is a masterpiece. I had such high expectations of it and was extremely disappointed. When the 
awful. worst opening sequence of a movie ever conceived..you kill off a female character in the first 10 minutes...and she didn t even do anything to deserve it?! The only 
Tasteless humor. If you rather bypass lackluster comedies along the line of Adam Sandler s Water Boy and Chris Farley s Almost Heroes, then do not waste your time watching 
A TRUE LOSS OF FAITH. Faith Hathaway had just graduated High School and was one week away from going into the army. She was full of hope and life. Robert 
Total nonsense. The spy who loved me is the oddest of Ian Fleming s Bond novels. It is basically the slightly risqu for the time story of the sexual awakening 
Pointless film!. When you decide to adapt a classic film you should take warning several aspects: Has the story aged? How has the suspense s concept altered for the new 
War and Boredom. King Vidor s rather contrived adaptation of Tolstoy s epic riddled with miscast actors, a boring script, and a hurried screenplay. In short, another one of those 
Missing scenes. The DVD is missing some of the scenes that are in the TV version. There are no deleted scenes either. Where did the scenes go and why? I 
News flash: families are messed up. Who cares?My wife and I sat through disk one, and were done with the series. We just didn t care. The only thing that 
Both sci-fi groups might have a meeting of the minds here!. Back in the late 60 s there were two camps of thought in regards to two shows: those that 
Origins, the DVD experience. The book version of Origins , which I think Scientific American or maybe The Economist rightfully recommended as THE essential general science book for 2005 is 
Seems like a forgettable made for TV movie. This is not a horror movie, more like a police drama with some graphic images. The police receive an email invitation to 
bummer. How can I review the movie Second Chorus when I have never received it  
Fact is stranger than Fiction. I am a fan of historical fiction, and this has to be one of the most historically inaccurate films I have ever seen! What bothers 
Texasville vs The Last Picture Show. What excites one about Texasville is that it has been made by essentially the same team as made The Last Picture Show. The surprise 
love lost in space. always loved lost in space now i can watch it anytime i want t  
since when did wesley and woody become lovers?. take 2 ugly men and toss in an overhyped horrible singer actress and youve got another razzie.minus j-lo and this might have 
Add one star if you haven t seen ROCK Around the Clock . Twist Around the Clock 1961 was hurriedly made to capitalize on the new dance craze, the Twist. 
Pure utter crap. Blue Underground have done it again. They ve dredged up old bootleg footage and are selling this as an x-rated version. Quality is junk. I will never 
Not remotely as good as the book!. I might have enjoyed this movie more if they hadn t gutted the book, which was a pretty good read. The best character 
Craven Hits Rock Bottom. There certain names in the film industry that just get hyped beyond reason, and sometimes I just don t understand why. Wes Craven is probably the 
Boothill Disappointment. Buyer beware. The Boothill DVD in this collection was cracked! So I guess we ll go with...the product quality stinks  
One of the worst films of all time. This film has some of the worst acting ever filmed by a major studio with a major star like William Holden. He 
Yawn!. The obvious attitude of the producers of this mess was clearly one of superiority. I mean, &quot;After all, we re shooting in IMAX 3D instead of the nefarious over 
waggy mcwaggster. Man! this movie is soooooo boring. I literally slept through this movie. If I die not having watched it again ill be happy. i dont even know what 
Very Poor Quality DVD. Love the movie, but the quality of the DVD put out by Alpha Video was so bad it was very difficult to watch. The sound was 
not quite as enthralling as I had hoped... Granted, I should have seen this coming, having read Louisa May Alcott s predictable preteen novel before buying the film version. I 
Sub-par issue of Excellent series. The Decalogue is one of several excellent TV series by European directors that puts US TV to shame. Like Bergman s Scenes from a Marriage 
Only one star because I can t give it none. Michael Moore Hates America. This is evident in all of his movies and also proven when he goes oversees to 
Oh my, what an inexcusable fiasco from universal!. When I received this for Christmas the year of its release, I was unaware of the framing issues. I had to ship 
very sloppy disc here,mine was just bad. i took a chance on this because i love wagon train and hoped for a better transfer than the ones i had.well that 
A Fraud. I totally agree with the below-named commentor. I have all the seasons, except the latest ones that have not come out yet, and I feel that I was 
Awful Awful Awful. This is probably the worst war related movie I ve ever seen. I am particularly incensed by several actors who are featured as being in the film 
Fabricating History. Few leftist icons are looked upon more favorably than professor and activist Howard Zinn. Like many radical ideologues, he is the darling of students, the professorate, and the 
Wretched!. Like many of the reviewers here, I am an Anne Rice fan. However, I knew that there were going to be liberties taken and was comfortable with them. I 
Fatally Flawed. Sure, this movie is a classic. But is it any good? Frankly, I found it to be tedious in the extreme.It s certainly pleasant to look at. The 
No Habeas, not much Corpus, and definitely not Delictus. I hate lawyers.What is a lawyer, anyway? Basically: it s a telemarketer in a decent suit, a guy who would be 
couldn t finish watching it. this book is really cool, but this movie was just awful. The animation is like all blue all the time, and the acting is really 
Good production, but absolutely pointless. I should say first that this should be a good movie, at least on paper. John Hurt and Richard Burton turn in solid performances, and 
Good product but not worth the cost - FRAUD. Pros:- Very informative- Cool graphics- Educational and non-violent- Suitable for kids of all agesCons:- They are charging 15 bucks for something 
Strange Movie. This film was fairly interesting in parts, but the plot didn t make any sense. Brenda Marshall plays an interesting person- a woman scientist- which was rare in 
Good for beginners only. I go to abs classes frequently and wanted to get this DVD to help mix up my routine and give me something to do if I 
Not for the beginner. I rented this DVD because of the glowing reviews here and because I wanted a better understanding of the origin of the modern problems in the 
This sucks on ice!!!!!!!. This is the worst shark film i ve ever seen. All of the shark attacks in the movie are done with shark fodage. And all of 
Really a flat note with me - all but totally unfunny and amateurish. I had several friends INSIST that I rent this film. I m glad I did instead of 
Brigham Young. I was disappointed with the way the movie portrayed Brigham Young as being unsure about whether he was the Prophet or not. From what I know about the 
Highly Disappointed. I have yet to actually watch more than the first 10 mins. The quality is so bad I refused to go any further. For the life of me 
Poor value, not much additional material. This movie is not all that it is hyped up to be. The story-telling of the movie is poor, and the characters are not 
Bad misfire. I ve never read the Balzac novel this movie is based upon, but if Balzac wrote a coherent story, it didn t make it to the screen this 
Horrible Dancing and horrible work out!. This video is all hype and delivers nothing. I love dancing. Dancing in this video is horrible. For the latin section, there was hardly 
TACKY SEX DRAMA... Nicolas Cage was either broke or whatever when he made this New Orleans filmed trash. There s no other excuse. He plays a tortured artist flinging with 
jazzman. A very deplorable, highly offensive, insensitive, profane,and depressing piece of garbage. The dialogue is jaw-dropping embarrassing and so horrible, you want to coveryour ears. Also, very pretentious and unrealistic. 
Negative 20 stars. CRAP.That s all I can say for this annoying movie, Amanda Bynes is a pain in the a once again.If I had a wider range of ratings, 
Best watched at 8x Fast Forward!. OK, so I m a Zhang Ziyi fan. Not a huge fan, but enough that, one day, out of sheer boredom, I decided to 
Eat Drink Man Woman. This is an excellent story well told in script and action. However, it is quite different from the version I saw on a big theater screen. 
Not Much Plot & Poor Editing - Avoid. Avoid this one. The bad reviews are not kidding. The plot is almost non-existent. The action scenes are not enough to make 
2.5 stars: only the effects save this bloated money machine. I actually think Cameron is a good technical filmmaker, but this is my choice for most overrated movie in history. 
a comedy routine !. unwatchable !!!!!--over rated poet-- singers who sing off key---- aggrandizing this mediocrity is ludicrous---  
garbology. Main Line, Main Line.... those Main Liners.... You like to look at those Main Liners, don t you Ginger... I mean Kitty? You the suffragette who just got offa 
Poor quality, somewhat entertaining. The special effects are very poor. The mixing of horror with humor and a teenage type script just doesn t do it for me. Not recommended 
Too Slow Paced. I bought several of Vicki Regon s tapes. She seems to be a very fun teacher and very good dancer. But the instructions are too slow-paced. There 
frustrating!!!. I m mad to have paid for this DVD! Mr. Pozo only teaches and demonstrates the man s part for most steps, which is frustrating since the woman s 
Another Nicolas Roeg Train Wreck!. There must be some movie buffs out there who like this film for whatever reason, like it enough that this movie has been classified as 
How can anyone LIKE this pile o shart??? IT SUCKS!!!!!. Definatly one of the worst movies ever. The dialog is so boring I had an A.D.D. attack trying to watch 
 Last trip to Troy . Epic adventure flicks come in two varieties -- there s the Ben-Hur Lord of the Rings type, and then there s the Alexander type. 
gentle ways to train your dog. I was pleased at the methods used to train your dogs from puppy to mature dogs. IT covers several different styles of training, clicker 
Boring!. Why would Whoopi Goldberg be starring in such a stupid movie, and why would Alexa Vega starring in this movie. I can t believe this movie was ever made 
One of the worst moderately high budget movies ever. I am not in the habit of giving bad reviews, but this one deserves it. Watching the movie made me wonder 
Ain t nothing like the real thing baby... Good performance by Aykroyd still doesn t save a weak plot that tends to drift, the big screen version just doesn t 
A CARBON COPY OF I KNOW WHAT YOU DID... Boring and like most every other new horror movie. Lame mask,I think the awful movie Cut used this mask also,who cares 
Completely Fails To Live Up To It s Reputation !. I have put this film off for years for no particular reason,just didn t get around to watching it until 
5 stars for Frampton and his band on this night - Zero stars for this DVD version. A great, fun performance by Frampton and his backing trio is marred by 
Medicore at best. I really felt like I had to give some real insight to the people who are wondering whether they should watch this or not.You people writing the 
Which version is reviewed?. There appear to be at least 3 different versions of this DVD for sale on Amazon, each with a different price. Some reviews say the video 
Pathetic Gangster Style Movie. I ve read a lot of reviews for this movie stating that it is an excellent film and some even call it one of the best 
HOW I WISH I HADN T SEEN THIS!. A WOMAN SCREAMING AS SHE S BEING BRUTALLY RAPED WITH A LIVE CHICKEN BY A MANSONESQUE LUNATIC. HOW CAN ANYONE USE THE 
The Unfunny Woody Allen. This is a truly pathetic excuse for a movie. The dialogue is rambling and often incoherent Keaton looks high much of the time and moves a 
TERRIBLE DISAPPOINTMENT. I viewed this movie when I was young when it first came out and was overjoyed to see it was available on DVD. I received it today and 
Fluffy, contrived crud. I m not sure which is worse- the concept of the bar Coyote Ugly. or the movie about it. I suppose both. A lot is made about 
not worth your time or money. I saw this movie cause I love horror, and I love Halle. But this movie just sucked  
I Call Shenanigans!. Shame on you Disney, for trying to bleed me of my hard-eard money.I call Shenanigan  
If you like the back of William Hurt s head... The only good thing in this movie was Ms. Howard s performance, she is innocent and believable. I can t 
Good Movie - Horrible Recording. Artisan has released a horrible recording of a very good, sophisticated comedy that questions the values of marriage. The DVD I got from the start 
The cell phone is the main character. The most interesting part of this action movie is the centrality of the cell phone. The movie is a Nokia product placement, highlighting 
The Nadir of Many A Career. Movie: 1 2 DVD Quality: DVD Extras: Don t be fooled by the pedigrees of the distinguished cast and crew members; In Dreams is 
Leave on the &quot;Shelf Fighter&quot;. As far as Ice T vehicles go this one is pretty good. Ice T gives a totally believable performance as a former rap artist desperately 
The cave in. What a disaster. Don t waste your time with this one. Nothing grabs you in the beginning, the plot if any is poor, and yes there are 
Outrageous; Beyond the common Limits of Human Intelligence. Blood Dolls is a confounding freakfest about which little of worth can be said... It begins with a quite literal indictment of 
Lucas Strikes!. NOTE: This review is not about the trilogy which is great . This review is about the many DVD releases.The worst thing that ever happened to George Lucas 
Sooooo Bad. I took my 14 yr old grandson to see this and not only did I think this movie was bad, so did he. I think it should get 
WELL INTENTIONED, PERHAPS -- BUT SIGNIFICANTLY FLAWED. There are some good things about this film -- it gives audiences an idea of how insidious the Nazi propaganda machine was, for 
Master and Commander. CThe biggest problem with this movie is Crowe he cannot act! The story is a little far fetched and not believable  
pretty cheesy. Big fan of Nas, but this moive s a bit over the top and have some good messages that suffer because of it. Visually flashy, vacant plot, and 
not for three year olds. This is a great movie with a mistaken rating. If your three year old is enjoying this movie, please re-think what you show your children. 
Thanks for the nihilism, Eastern Europe!. Nothing more than a retelling of the Merry Melodies classic, The High and the Flighty. In the 1956 toon, Daffy Duck sells torture devices 
Knee-slapping funny! Top knotch comedy!!!. Robin Hood and his merry gang of revelers frollick happily through the forest on an unforgettable tale of love, betrayal, and just plain, old-fashioned fun 
Dismayingly bad. It s not just that If lucy Fell is a bad film. 90 of what comes out of Hollywood is uninspired, formulaic dross just like it, and usually 
A DISGRACE ..DO NOT WATCH THIS!!!!. ALL THIS TYPE OF MISINFORMATION DOES IS FURTHER EMBOLDEN THE ENEMY ...THEY ARE LAUGHING AT US ..WE ALLOW THIS TYPE OF RUBBISH TO GET 
Visually appealing but little else. Visually appealing but without much of a plot or acting talent. Not nearly as good as Valerie and Her Week of Wonders  
AN UNBEARABLE ENDING !. The ending to a horror movie can make or break it & just like I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER URBAN LEGENDS & many more 
I can t say! My order was defective in dvd s. I received this 3 cd set and didn t open it right away, busy with other things before I 
SLOW. I think this is the slowest movie I ve ever seen. The characters aren t that believable and the characterizations are lean. It was boring  
Things I learned from watching this movie. I learned quite a few interesting things about life from this movie. This movie seemed to have quite a lot of plot holes. 
Jason Takes Your Money. As a general rule, any film with a large number of Roman numerals behind it is going to suck, and the eighth outing of the F-13 
A Poor Example Of High Definition.... Disc Picture:As intended by the filmmakers, the stylized VC-1-encoded 1.85:1 HD DVD picture features differing color schemes depending on the location. The entire presentation 
Miserable acting, horrible script, inane directing. What a mind-numbingly inept end chapter to a series that began with the greatest horror-comedy of all time, The Re-Animator. Continuing in his deluded 
Poor quality garbage. Let s make this quick -Several of these shorts are sourced from other vendor s dvds, specifically the One Week short, which only comes from one source. 
Surprisingly bad. I bought this because it is made by Cannon Movie Tales and I love Puss in Boots , which they also made. Because Puss in Boots was so 
Worst movie I have seen in a long time. There are dozens of clever, offbeat films worth watching, but this isn t one of them. Makes Pootie Tang look like 
Where s Richard Pryor when we need him?. eddie murphy is a comical guy, but is he really the right guy to play in something as stupid as this? Of 
Don t buy this compilation...... These 3 movies are indeed landmark movies in Chinese Cinema and definetly for Jet li and Movie Kung fu.However, I watched 10 minutes of te 
Another Mess. This is not a review of this item, but the whole series. Not only are the films in this bundle not all musicals, this bundle is sent intstead 
Turgid. Boring, plastic acting. Considering some of the actors involved, I really would have expected better. It must have been an easy pay day.. It s fairly obvious reading the 
very bad and poor. Sorry but i totaly disagree with all these positive reviews.I m a fan of war classic films but this one is a mess.Nothing is moving,action is 
Paris When It Fizzles. In 1964 when this movie came out in the theaters the reviews it got were not good. I was 14 at the time and remember my 
Shatner s Ego Ruins the Show. The show is awkwardly charming at times, but William Shatner s greedy need to be a superhero with all the lines and all the 
Offset dialog screens. Story and picture quality aside, it is very annoying that the film seems to have been transferred off center. From the opening titles to the dialog boxes, 
IF you paid a buck for this, then you paid 99c too much. Absolutely do not buy this video.1 The fights are not fights. they are boring and tiresome staged 
disapointed. Found this presentation very poor. After reading many of his books prior to seeing him deliver this speech, I was a greatly disappointed. It was a mumbled fumbled repetitive 
A Real Drag. I saw this movie years ago, but didn t remember much about it, except some of the songs, and the basic story. I also saw Nights of 
Meet John Doe. I purchased this DVD a while ago - FYI - A documentary of the anaconda was in the case and not the movie. I went to the 
Based on a true story. I was surprised at the ending of this film that I didn t see the above caption at the beginning of the film. This movie 
NL BOMB !!!!!. I just purchased this film and viewed it. It is the BIGGEST WASTE OF MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Buyer beware !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I Love National Lampoon, but this was not a hit. 
0.5 STARS: Final Joke is more like it unfortunately. This movie should not be named Final Terror , but should be named Final Joke instead because it sucks so bad. 
Read The Book. My first viewing of Fahrenheit 451 since its initial release in 1966 was last night via DVD. Any casual film fan who watches will fall to sleep 
poor adaption of excellent British product. Compared to the British series of the same title this is a very bad rip off. The acting is of poor quality as well 
A young Vanity - nude - weird movie. This is a very bizarre movie. Some Ape creature becomes friends with Vanity on an island where only she and her lover 
Dissapointed. If these walls could talk was dissapointing. It was too disjointed for me to gat any real understanding of the message. I would not suggest any of my peers 
The Chopped it up. We saw the movie in the theatre and loved it. The DVD we just purchased was horrible. They chopped out so much of the movie it 
Unadvisable. I thought I was going to see something of Roy Orbinson. It was only in the title of the name. I could not watch it when it became vulgar 
Don t waste ur money. Buying this would not make sense if you A. Bought Batman The Animated Series: Volume One or B. Batman TAS The Legend Begins. If you 
1.75 STARS: It s hard to give this movie any credit. After watching Anthropophagus- The Grim Reaper , I came away with mixed feelings. On the one hand, Anthropohagus had 
Avoid. DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE. Sounds good on paper but throughout the whole film, NOTHING HAPPENS. Unfortunately, I kept waiting for the payoff. Believe me, there isn t one 
All lies, an attack on america... For what purpose these lies about the life of this man? Are the liberal film makers racists who don t believe that there is 
Gag me with a spoon!!!. I found this film to be a total waste of otherwise good talent. It should be rated X. I didn t know Johnny could stoop 
Utterly Bizarre. When Alejandro Jodorowsky s debut Fando y Lis was originally released back in 1967, a full-scale riot broke out in the audience, the director barely escaped the theater 
It really sucked. Horror movies are a dime a dozen now, and nothing really speical about them anymore. Sad to say, considering its probably my faviorte genere. This movie was 
The American President. Great movie, excellent acting! Annette Benning is priceless as the love interest in this film about a widower in the White House. He seeks a relationaship with 
the unspeakable. Utterly predictable plot and indulgently plodding direction sink this movie. I happened to watch it soon after seeing MYSTERIOUS SKIN, which features the same issue, same state Dorothy 
Makes Plan 9 From Outer Space seem like Shakespeare. What a great cast! I mean looking at this line up you just have to watch this movie, right? After it 
Represents an ad nauseam theme of post-60s Hollywood. Like so many Hollywood movies -- especially anything made after the late 60s, when America s teen-agers and collegiate students started taking 
Can i not give a no star??. BAD, BAD, BAD.... Does not deserve the one star i gave it. poor acting, cheesy lines and a dismal plot. Infact I found 
Poor movie. Well as if this movie wasn t yet another lame attempt at portraying Jesus wasn t bad enough the acting and production is one of the worst ever. 
Edited to Death. I remember seeing this movie when it first came out; I was intrigued to find it on DVD. However the DVD edition has been edited so harshly 
Nope-Nada ... won t play on mine, either. The first HD disk that I can t watch. I can t even get to the Image Entertainment website, today, to see 
In a word: horrid. It pained me to sit through this movie and I would have turned it off after the first ten minutes if I didn t have to 
1 Star because it SUCKS!!. Why would you get this haphazard DVD with only six cartoons cut and censored, while you can get the 32 cartoon, uncut, uncensored, AND Bonus 
Waste of time. I got this film because I m from Detroit where this takes place. It s a pretty typical revenge flick. Four brothers want to find their adoptive 
Couldn t be much worse... Oh no it s a soft porn! Nothing worse than a creature of nature movie gone wrong...Actually I rented the damn thing because I thought 
Hilarious! Oh...it s not a comedy???. There is so much wrong with this movie that I don t know where to begin, so let s start with the obvious; why 
Beware 25 years old does not mean it is tame for kids. I purchased this movie as it was labeled an epic film and someone even compared it to the 
a no-talent director & no-talent stars make a mockery of johnny cash. i had given this a second star, but then i thought to myself: why? this movie is abominable. 
Historically---but not comically---significant Chaplin. This 1914 film is considered the first feature-lenth comedy ever made and, as such, is worth viewing just for that. The film on its merits, however, 
a crappy movie from a crappy time. GA. how can anyone stand this drivel? worst movie i ever watched repeatedly. worse than watching walk tall 8 times in a row. 
fake Dog Whisperer - studious ignorance. Cesar Milan, the so-called dog whisperer , bases his training methods on a dog behavior model that is so out of date as to 
Great Acting Ruined By Politics. Stellar performances by all actors and actresses involved in this movie are ruined by the sheer ignorance of the topic. Not one single fact about 
Very Poor Quality DVD. Love the movie, but the quality of the DVD put out by Alpha Video was so bad it was very difficult to watch. The sound was 
Poorest Ashley Judd movie ever... I am a huge Ashley Judd fan, but this movie was the most disappointing movie I have watched in ages! I would not recommend this 
Emerald33. If I had seen this in the movies, I would have walked out and asked for a refund. It was indescribably terrible. I returned this DVD because I really, 
Poor delivery from Allen and his cast. Match Point may offer a change of locale and style for Woody Allen but it does nothing to redress the continuing decline of 
Gilbert Gottfried: Dirty Jokes. Absolutely filthy. The title indicates jokes but there is nothing in here that resembles a joke. It is a continual litany of filthy statements. I am 
Different yet Hollywood ruined it. I am kind of in the middle of the other reviewers. It DID have a different and unpredictable story line. i took it that he 
Rent this movie before you buy it. I know that everyone wants to hear how great a movie is. Well, I can t say The Thin Red Line is a 
Seasons are on DVD. I didn t buy this pilot episode, but wasn t this the first episode in Season 1? I ve been reading the reviews of certain items 
tisk tisk tisk. I am truly shocked that there are people out there that thought this movie good, and for saying it could be a reality? I mean the plot 
Same as the HBO special. It is minus a few changes the same as his other one  
Robbed my time. Burglar is your typical D movie. It has more bads than goods. Actually, it has a ton of bads. When I sat down to watch this film, 
Super Troupers review. Too much conversation mixed in with tunes .A concert DVD should be music performed on stage with conversations at the end as an extr  
ughhh!!! shave them pits Kate. they be stinkin !!!. movie was fairly boring.Beckinsale is also pretty dumb.What kinda actress doesn t shave her armpits when she knows she has to 
Looks Like he Didn t Make It. I have say that I am pretty disapointed in the over all production of the DVD. It would never stand up against the 
A Must-See for Miike Fans . . . Others Should Proceed with Caution . . . I am a big fan of Miike s work. Happiness of the Katakuris is 
Best show ever, but DVD has problems!. I bought this the day it came out and watched a couple of episodes without incident and then began watching The Bend In 
Doris Day and Danny Thomas and music. Doris Day works for a sheet music company where singers look for new music and where songs are published. Danny Thomas is a 
Creationism masquerading as science. How is it that an abundant and continually-growing body of testible and reproducible evidence what we call real science that continues to indicate conceptual errors to 
1 of the 8 films to die for...out of boredom!. I generally steer clear of low-budget horror in that those films, while trying to be cutting edge, usually smack of 
Spaced Out Reviewers. I usually trust Amazon reviewers on movie reviews, but this time ....NO WAY! This silly, totally predictable film left us playing with the cat for our evening 
Movies like this make you ask, WAS THIS SEQUEL REALLY NECCESSARY. The original Jungle Book was inventive, whitty, uplifting and charming. The characters had depth and a beauty that in 
HAS SOME DECENT ACTING, BUT... A REGGAE MUSICIAN BEGINS TO DEAL DRUGS FOR A DRUG KINGPIN SO HE COULD GET THE MONEY FOR STUDIO TIME. HAS A DECENT PLOT, BUT 
One of the worst films ever made?. What alternate universe did the makers of this film come from? It doesn t even deliver on the ick factor like Ilsa She 
only one dvd?. For something that spanned so many years to sum it up in 90 minutes is just rediculous. There wasn t enough commentary by enough wrestlers and there 
Like All Gossip: A Lot of Talk About Nothing!. A very boring and stupid film about college freshmen with a kindergarten maturity level. The movie is horribly slow to get 
Where is the salsa?!?!?. So I bought this movie because some of the reviews said that the acting was terrible but the dancing was amazing.Well, anyone who thinks that the 
Not Even Worth Finishing. Saw the previews of the first movie, but I wasn t expecting too much from that. I tried to finish both the first and the second, 
Good Movie Collection, but... Don t buy this set! My comments have nothing to do with the movies. I love all of the Bond movies, but this set is an 
 Be TWICE as afraid ...but for the right reasons. Ok... I get where the other review authors are coming from here, giving this DVD, particularly Troll 2 five stars 
same old story, borring, poor acting. this is a sad waist of money, move has the same old high school story line and could have been a good move, but 
Not really. VP1 was an astonishingly good representation of the impact of the 1960 s on the next decade...it had a great car and a good cast; great soundtrack and 
I hated this movie. Yes hated. I m at a disavantage having not read the book, but I have to say this movie was not what I expected at all. 
Good idea...poor acting. As much as I would like to recommend this movie, I have to admit it is not one of the best movies of Jesus life. It does 
Cheap Sopranos rip off falls way short. I like gangster movies and am from Philly so I gave this movie a chance. What a mistake. The creators painstakingly tried to 
glittering, empty mess. It s 1984, 10 years since glam rock star Brian Slade Jonathan Rhys Meyers staged his own death and effectively disappeared from the public eye. To mark 
 2 STARS FOR THE DVD AND NOT THE MOVIE... I just purchased the 2 disc, special edition of this movie, and here s my problem s :First off, I 
No sir, Idont like it. It goes way too fast i do like the abs workout section but the aerobic section isnt good. I will never buy firm tapes agai 
Drink lots of coffee before watching this. I am a student of third reich history and when I heard of the release of this film I managed to see it 
this DVD stinks....extremely poor resolution ...remaster soon?. Hi folks,Don t get your pants in a bunch at the low review...its NOT for the movie..its for the appallingly bad DVD. Grainy 
A Genuine Disaster Movie. From the producer who gave you The Towering Inferno comes this hilarious killer-bee invasion with a Hollywood Squares cast including Fred MacMurray in his final screen 
THIS MOVIE WOULD HAVE BEEN ACTED BETTER IF THEY USED REAL RETARDS!!!!!!!. I can t give it any less than one star but what the heck, The girls were hot 
What the hell is this movie about?. So ummm...is this about werewolves? Native American shape shifters? Or a pack of ordinary wolves on the loose in NYC?Damned if I know 
Not the best. I got this movie because James Darren was in it. He was good as was France Nguyen. They play the only likeable characters in the main cast 
Bob goes Greenpeace. Bob the Builder used to be this innocent kids show where our Bob Villa-esque hero fixed roofs and built barns for his neighbors, but in this new 
Rip-off!. As a Ghost Hunters fan I loved the First Season Dvd. This Best of Ghost Hunters Dvd was just recycling previous inconclusive for the most part! shows - certainly 
starship troopers 2 its not pretty, what a waste. troopers 1 is oktroopers 2 is not.do not buy troopers 2 rent it.what a muppet i am for buying this rubbish,must 
I really love Kubrick...I really do... I have seen almost all of Kubrick s films and I have to say that my favorite would have to be either 2001: A 
Too kid-friendly. I think the only strong points of The Phantom Menace is Darth Maul and the lightsaber duals, which I thought were well done, and the visual effects and 
I wish I could have seen it!. I was unable to view my DVD of Ballet Russes since the message on the screen said - not available in this area 
DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE if you like Anne of Green Gables. I made the mistake of watching it after seeing how many stars 4 it received from other viewers. 
Amazon Missed the Mark. Normally the prices on here are competative but I agree they re off base hereDeep Disciunt DVD is over 100.00 less for this set and free 
Kundera was right to object. The movie doesn t at all reflect the original book story in its core concept. If I didn t read the book before I wouldn 
even king can t turn his great short story into a good movie. mr. king can blame no one but himself for this lifeless take on his great short story, 
Loved Steve John Shepherd. Hated everything else. It s a boring, irritating, slow piece that isn t nearly as clever or fun as it seems.I loved the lead acting, body 
Repeat: this is NOT Ruby Cairo!. Deception is the edited version of Ruby Cairo, which is not a great movie but which is better than this one. It isn t 
But Why is it Called Belly?. The American Dream is an appealing myth, no doubt. The idea that anybody can come from anywhere and strike it rich in America sounds 
Try not to compare it to the book.... Jonathan Safran Foer s book is a truly literary work and this movie is not a book. And, as many have already 
Come in, Ladder 49 - your time is up. Hey, you know something? You know those guys that jump into burning buildings and rescue people? Do you know they happen 
good idea blown away. This was a clever idea for a movie: the trail of lives touched by a wedding dress. Unfortunately, in the screenwriter s apparent desire to put 
Total TRASH! Don t even think about wasting your money!!. The 1st movie : Fist of Fear, Touch of Death is so bad I didn t even watch the next 
Cliche ridden, predictable, mainstream mellowdrama. From the moment that we are introduced to the main characters in Annapolis, it becomes apparent who is going to do what and what is 
My Expert Completely Disagrees With This Person!!!!. After taking my dog to a true dog behaviorist, he told me thatCesar s style is something I should not adopt. His one 
I can t believe what they re saying... I didn t think this movie was even worth commenting on, but after reading all the people that have been praising it, 
A courageous man,but a dull depiction of his acts. I am extremely interested in heroic tales of the Holocaust Era.Though this film is good from the informational aspect, it is 
. This is worse than my eighth birthday party. Some kid brought his pet Teradactyl and let go of the leed. Also, the hired band The Caz Dolowicz Experience didn 
Beware! Close-out-goods Amazon are DVD Pirates. I just want to let potential marketplace buyers of SALO that the seller: closeoutgoods and other Amazon marketplace sellers are selling pirated bootlegged editions 
No wonder so many red staters despise Hollywood. If you like hateful, dehumanizing, ill-conceived, pointless dialogue, this is the movie for you.Can t believe it part of the Criterion Collection. 
I wish I could go lower than this. This is horrendous movie. I will never claim it as the movie of my generation. It s one of the many reasons 
Depressing. The good thing about this movie is that it didn t last more than it did. Not that it s bad, no, it s a fine depressing movie. It 
0 STARS: Sorry excuse for a vampire movie. When I first saw Bordello Blood , I was so disappointed in Dennis Miller...he is a good actor in certain situations, but 
Should not have had the same title as original. When I heard that Timecop had a sequl coming out I couldnt wait to see it. Then I found out it 
Not a great DVD at all. The languages and images don t connect. We were given this as a gift because of the linguistic value, but instead the entire dvd 
LOVE the Cosby show, HATE this set. All the episodes are hacked to bits. It s not worth the money. I hope they release Season 1 episodes uncut. It seems 
Michael Flately is not Irish step dance. As an Irish step dancer who is always trying to set the record straight about what exactly we do, this movie is really 
Disappointed. This film tells the story of a great battle where a group of village of Thai villages held off a major army from Burma history. The story itself, I 
Not an Alternative 60 Minutes. I bought this expecting news stories on par with the books--with the occasional interview as in the books .It s not. It is a farce, 
Highly Disappointed. I have yet to actually watch more than the first 10 mins. The quality is so bad I refused to go any further. For the life of me 
Lowenstinks. This film was dreadful. Streisand is absolutely unlikeable. To enjoy this film, you would need to buy into the romance between Streisand and Nolte and I just can t 
It [wasn t good]. It [wasn t good]. It s about a man walking on a roof fell off a roof. this man ate a piece of pie in a 
The movie is good but the dvd sucks. This is a good movie, but the DVD works like a cheap bootleg. My DVD player was fresh out the box and 
HORRIBLE!. i went to see this movie when it first came out, and i nearly fell asleep watching it. THIS MOVIE IS NOT WORTH WATCHING. it s so fake, & 
Spins its wheels real hard, but doesn t make much progress. I had my doubts about this film when it came out and now that I ve finally seen it 
ORIGINAL IS BETTER~!. If you want UNCUT ORIGINAL version, ALWAYS look for ORIGINAL LICENSED Production. NOT US Release. Its a foreign film, it should not be US version to begin 
Turn off your brain and enjoy. Despite my one-star rating, this is an acceptable time-killer: good-natured, forgettable and not real bright. Poor Hilary Swank - from that movie where she 
If I want to see a boring and pointless dream sequence I ll rewatch Dallas. Roger Ebert, a review I greatly respect and normally agree with, raved about this flick. 
Anti-Southern Propaganda. This movies rates right up there with Schindler s List . . . in terms of unapologetic propaganda. Fortunately, Ted Turner showed some remorse for this hatchet job 
Hips, tighs and Abs. It is ok I think but too many tools are needed to do it properly. I travel a lot and can t take things with me 
West Wing 2nd Season. The series is very good however not all of the disks played well on the dvd player. Am not sure what the problem is, but it 
Excellent show on lousy disks. I read other reviews about the poor disk quality but thought I d get luckly, which I didn t. The very first episode skipped and 
ONE OF THE WORST I EVERY PUCHASED. VERY DULL MOVIE! UNINTERESTING CHARACTERS IN A PLOTLESS MUCK OF INCIPIDPOLITICAL PROPAGANDISTIC DRIVEL. SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!  
Bad. But good. Cube Zero Ernie Barbarash, 2004 NOTE: this review contains a really, really major spoiler. If you re planning on watching the movie, be warned.Cube Zero is a 
Fuzzy filming. Not sure why the disk was so low quality. The picture was fuzzy and sometimes pixelated. I cleaned my dvd player and tried it again. still the same 
Rear-View Mirror Propaganda Piece. I ll cut to the meta-chase since plot and story have already been well outlined in previous reviews...The basic message of this film seems to be 
Another one of those silly 80 s movies. The jokes are pretty much what you would expect and there are a lot of slap-stick sight gags. I normally wouldn t 
good movie, bad copy!. good movie, bad copy!I ordered it because it was cheap.However, picture quality is POOR; fuzzy, washed-out, blurry.It looks like it s recorded in superlongplay.The shortness of 
Why do people like this version?. I think this is an awful corruption of Bronte s book. Little Cathy curtseys to Heathcliff and says I am your slave although the 
Are you people crazy?!?!?. This DVD sux!! Compared to what else is out there that is...nothing RHCP really sux!! It is further compounded by the simple fact that the VHS 
Don t Even Woof At This Dog!. This is the kind of film that gives soft porn a bad name. A juvenile plot , poor dialog, and wooden acting - 
Horrible sequel to PD1. This movie was so disappointing. It was completely different from the first movie AND all the books. Where in the world was Michael  
Boring. Highly acclaimed. That, I knew. I watched the first 30 minutes, which is 1 4 of the movie, before I decided to hang it up. New lady moves into 
Boring. Boring. Boring. This is the fourth Friday 13:th movie. The first was rather lame, borrowing the style of music and some of the story from Psycho. The last 5 
plot holes. The first half hour of this 90 minute movie is actually quite good. In fact, it is enthralling and has an interesting twist in that we don t 
Better Off Never Made. I found much of the humour in this movie to be downright silly and stupid. In no way does this movie compare to others in the 
sandy. scaredy pantsI was a teenage garysquidward the unfriendly ghostimitation krabswelcome to the chum bucketfrankendoodlethe secret boxband geeksmy pretty seahorseidiot bo  
I want my 10.00 and 45 minutes back!. Went to see this movie at the IMAX in San Antonio this weekend. I have to say I actually laughed most of 
John Tucker lives???. Okay the person that puts this movie in the same catogory as Bring it on , Clueless , Mean Girls and, especially the superior Heathers .. is 
Disappointed. I purchased this DVD mainly for the Hip Hop sections. I was very disappointed to find out there is no Hip Hop dancing on this DVD. Madonna Grimes is 
Never Give a Sucker an Even Break. I chose this Fields title for this review because Amazon seems to be employing it as a business practice. I dearly love the 
Overt Child Exploitation That Never Redeems Itself Satisfyingly. A well-acted, well-portrayed, sickening, overt example of an adult whose sole desire for a child is based on getting that child to 
Bad First Disc AsWell. Just like the reviewer before me, the 1st disc of The Batman The Complete Third Season would not play. At first I thought the problem was 
no title. What a disappointment! I remember Siskel and Ebert raving over this romantic comedy. Romantic, maybe, but comedy - never. Very predictable plot from beginning to end. And Rosie 
Disney is a joke. Disney is a joke and this movie is a joke. I wish I could give it zero stars. Why does Disney keep instisting on taking these 
Funny But Sadly Lacking. After Matt Dillon s phenomenal performance in CRASH, most will probably rush to pick up a copy of FACTOTUM to see if Dillon is for real 
An unrealistic and horrible influence on today s children. Having a curiosity in the entertainment that kids and teens are being given today, I happened to watch this film on 
Warner Brothers was up in arms over this movie..... It might not have been that widely reported in the press but when Disney was releasing this movie, Warner Brothers and 
Bad spot on dvd. We rec d the Splash dvd and were quite a way into viewing it when it just went digital garbage -- all our other dvd s 
Stan and John Create Surface Tension. This dvd first caught my eye with high expectations and a low price. The price turned out to be too much. Stan Lee and 
Description VERY Misleading. This is NOT a story about Black River Falls, as the description indicates. It is a film about stories from around Wisconsin as reported in a paper 
Overdue For An Ending. It always amazes me that how some quality television series gets cancelled halfway through the first season while some mediocre show seems to go on forever.That 
Not the Worst Movie Ever Made. First of all, this is NOT the worst movie ever made, nor even the worst movie ever made that was given a budget and 
P.U.!!!!. Edward Burns is a talented actor, but as a writer director he seems to specialize in myopic boorish male chick flicks McFlicks? .Halfway through this film I thought , 
Rent It First!!. A dismal disappointment. I think you should rent it and find out for yourself before you actually own a copy. When I see the high ratings, I 
Americo-trash. This is the dumbest, most predictable, horrible waste of time i ve ever ever seen. This movie tried very very hard to be funny and simply wasn t. It 
Lame and corny. When I was a kid, this was one of my favorite movies. Now that twenty years have passed, all I can say is that it is so 
Shooting for Hip, Hitting Pointless. Oliver Stone proves to be just as reliable as a social critic as he is a historian. PLATOON and BORN ON THE FOURTH OF JULY 
The legend reworked... To be fair, the legends of Herakles, as they were originally written, have little to do with this movie, but maybe that s for the best. Having 
2 out of 10. Volunteers is a film I wished that I never saw. It is so bad that I was miserable after finishing it. Was it supposed to be 
Horrible DVD. There is not one reason to purchase this DVD. Neither kids or adults will enjoy it. I was hoping for something along the lines of America s Funniest 
Really awful movie about wealthy cheating old gay men. Really awful movie about wealthy cheating old gay men and the boys they seduce. This movie was disgusting. A 40 year 
SCARY MOVIE 4. ALL I CAN SAY IS THIS....STUPID, STUPID, STUPID....THEY TOOK WHAT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A GOOD MOVIE AND RUINED IT WITH THE STUPIDEST OF THINGS....LIKE THE GIANT 
Amateur Effort By A Budding Genius. A good dozen years before his spectacular films of the late 70 s and mid 80 s Allen got his name on the directorial 
Not a sequel just another werewolf movie. For those that waited all these years for a sequel to the classic American Werewolf in London, the wait is not over.American adventurers 
Does not live up to the hype. It is not good as a mainstream movie , it does not have a good plot , some scenes are not relevant .Even 
2 Whole Stars...I Must Be In A Generous Mood. Like the title says, I m being mad generous by giving this movie two stars...it really deserves none. Subspecies is an 
Missing minutes?!. I would like to say thankyou for the first two seasons - all original episodes! I will not be buying this third season until all the episodes are 
For Sale: 1.00 plus shipping. Alright, so maybe a dollar is a little steep for this, so just send shipping costs and you can have it.I couldn t even watch 
Ju Dou: Razor D. E. lo-fi remix. Ju Dou is a great movie, I d only previously seen it on VHS borrowed from the public library and was so looking 
Has it s strengths but... My major gripe about this film comes down to the issue of easily exploitable weaknesses on the part of the vampires. These extremely frail villains 
An insult to marines. As soon as this movie started and I saw WWE on my TV screen I said This is gonna suck. And it didn t disappoint. This 
This video makes me NOT want to visit Big Sur. I wasted my money on this?The video quality was horrible; no doubt filmed with someone s personal video camera. It 
soundtrack ruined it. Oh man, this movie was so hard for me to stay interested in. The story had potential to make a adequate drama thriller, if only it had 
child didn t like. My daughters ages 4 and 9 own this dvd and don t like it. They also own the billy blanks tae bo for kids and love 
Are You Serious?. I watched this movie with my 7 year old daughter, and regretted it about 10 minutes in. After reading Queen Bees & Wannabees, I can t help 
Find Better Ways to Spend Your Time. Just horrible. Not worth more than a curious peek...then turn it off  
Rose is a good actress but this movie was not for her. I bought the movie on accout Rose was on the cover. I got home and watched and in 
Please tell your children the history is different. I realize historical accuracy was not the intent of the filmmakers here, but as a history teacher, I feel the need to 
NO STAR NEEDED. ONLY REASON I M RATING THIS IS BECAUSE IT HAS TO HAVE A RATING,ONLY REASON.....ALL I WILL TELL YOU W O GOING INTO DETAIL ABOUT THIS DVD... 
Awful !. I cant even give this a NO rating ! This movie if you want to call it that was just awful I mean awful ! And stupid ! 
Awful. I thought this movie was absolutely awful.It is one of the worst movie s I have seen in quite a while.You keep waiting for the movie to get interesting, 
Getting pretty dull. This is the dullest of the CotC films so far, but it s too late for me to turn back now. Much like the last 2 ones, 
Too Much Too Little. I did not like this DVD at all. It requires too many props such as bricks, belts, towels, blankets, chairs, etc... Each pose takes too long 
This is a Complete and Utter Rip off. I bought Mexico City: An Ancient Mystery of Passion , another travel guide DVD by Acacian Tales. If you want to watch 
Devilishly addictive, but not much payoff. This program is evil. It is easy to get sucked into watching Gantz, because of the unique and inexplicable situation that the main characters, 
Zzzzzzzzzz....... A pretentious bore of a movie. Some hot babes with unspoken lesbian tendencies in a repressive Victorian era boarding school spout romantic poetry, go on a picnic, venture up 
FAILED ATTEMPT AT A GOOD MOVIE. I bought this movie because I love to see an old tale tespun and retold. If it is done well there is nothing better 
DON T WASTE YOUR MONEY!. The movie on the second disc is billed as the original theatrical release. This is only partly true. It was shown in 1977, but this 
Dopey 50 s sit com. This has not aged well. The scripts are silly, the acting is of the chewing up the scenery variety. Gale Storm no longer seems cute; 
Hollywood s Ragpickin Band. I was disappointed by this film. Tyrone Power, who is apparently devoid of musical talent, portrays a bandleader. Alice Faye, who can t carry a tune, 
Beyond bad. The fourth entry into the Howling series finds that after three films the series had already outstayed it s welcome. The story is similar to that of the 
Disappointing, Half-baked Film. This smarmy Kevin Costner vehicle is a trite half-baked movie. I found this movie nearly unwatchable. If you re looking for outstanding movies with a baseball theme 
Role Model? Far From It. Jessica Simpson is a talentless bimbo. She is more concerned with shopping than she is with being a singer role model - a title that 
How are people rating this 5 stars. I should first say that I have not watched the series, but will follow that up by saying that this movie has not 
Are you people serious? I think you need to see it again now that you re older. For some reason I do remember seeing this film as a kid, and 
help. I was trying to watch it, but can not open de DVD because it is the wrong country code????  
Terrible!. I have never not been able to sit through a rated G movie. However, my sister and I rented this thinking it would be a funny show, and it 
Bee boop, boring!- Not for Cardio Lovers. Searching through the Amazon FIRM DVD s, Lo and behold! New ones! I was very excited to get this. Once the DVD arrived, 
A Parent s Review for Ultimate Avengers 2. I am a cartoon, and a comic fan. I have been for years. I think it is great that marvel has finally 
clint runs afowl of the cold war again. maybe it s because he is such a stright shooter pun ment or something but clint doesn t do cold war thrillers 
It s hard to buy into this one. We all knew form the previews of this movie that Tom Cruse is a hit man and Jamie Foxx is a cab 
Not a Remake, More Like a Sequel. When I heard they re-made the classic 74 version I was real pumped to get to see a new take on it. That 
No closed-caption, no subtitles, bad audio. The reason for the low rating is the lack of any subtitles on the boxset and Amazon s mistake in the product description. Folks, 
I was Mislead or it was my mistake. I was looking for the Jungle Book 1 by Walt disney s production. As I have Jungle book 2 in my collection, 
Don t buy this DVD!!!. This DVD is horrible, wasted my time and money, I didn t enjoy watching it. It was worse than pulling teeth. The movies from this 
Horrible DVD transfer. This is the WORST transfer of a movie that is not a tape-to-tape before DVD bootleg that I have ever seen. Many scenes in the daylight show 
what rubbish. want to watch a sexy comedy about young teenage boys fantasising over their older female housekeeper? then don t bother watching this, it s cute and stuff, with 
plot holes. The first half hour of this 90 minute movie is actually quite good. In fact, it is enthralling and has an interesting twist in that we don t 
Not What I Expected. I have the DVD of this program and it s quite good. I thought the CD would be the same workout so I could do it 
GREEN DEATH ?. GREEN NAZI ZOMBIES COMING FROM THE BOTTOM OF A SWIMMING POOL TO FEED ON THE LIVING? AUGHH!!! BAD ACTING, BAD DIRECTION, TERRIBLE GORE, TOO LONG FLASHBACK HORRABLE 
boring 2 pack set. viewed it 1st was disappointed knodded my head in disbelief while watching,waiting,hoping!!!,the second time i tried to keep awake but could not keep my eyes open 
The worst film adaptation ever?. I absolutely abhor this film. Want to know why? Because it labled Valley of the Dolls and everything Jacqueline Susann ever wrote into great campy 
Prepare to have your IQ painfully sucked out of your brain. How can a movie get this many elements wrong? Diane Keaton overacts to a painful degree we ve seen 
total garbage. Some movies are not be remade. This remake does not have the creepy settings or lighting of the original. The cast stinks. Why did they change the story? 
And now you see how our state was suckered into the oil biz. I came upon this film while browsing my university library. My curiosity was picqued, since my home 
last reviewer was right, I didn t like it because I need more fight scenes. that s not all, the story is really, really bad in this one. My god, 
a weird japanese black white film on cheap meth. what s the point of making this movie? the pain of the japanese youth lost in the crazy, totally pointless tokyo 
Was this movie made for the Lifetime channel?. If Lifetime switched from showing crappy dramas about wronged women to showing crappy horror flicks about wronged women this would one of 
Boring, boring, boring!. I work out 5 days a week so I would consider myself advanced. This workout is definitely too easy for someone who is advanced. There were a 
Ah..... huh??. What the ----. A tale of revenge ? Why does everyone in their review say that? B c it s written on the box cover?? This is an 
Pitewww I spit on them too! They deserved it!. A novelist goes on a vacation to write a book,she gets raped by some town hicks..then it s on!I will admit 
Hate it!. To violent for anyone! This movie is horrible. The cast is good, but the plot stinks! Its just this family who have super powers. Then this kid wanted 
ok, for the money. The movie has too many cameo s or how ever it is spelled, I dont like this Freddy or the second Movie the rest our good 
disgusting!. the viuals were good, the actors were bad and the story line just blows  
Unwatchably dull. I couldn t finish this movie, it was so boring. I guess if you are a Sean Bean fan, you must like this film. I m glad those 
If you expect it to be as good as Merlin, think again... I came across this movie on T.V. and was so excited that there was a sequel to Merlin, 
Almost. It is usually a bad sign when there is a guide included to explain the movie makers reasons for making the movie and to explain the lesson they want 
turn it off. if pac was still here now he would never ride with ja nah nah nah nah nah na  
Insipid and poorly done Street Fighter film with no heart or soul. Hey here s an example of a movie so poorly written, so poorly concived it makes that Jean-Claude 
Bow wow. I can t understand the good reviews given by others to this movie. Frankly, I thought it was a dog.Not to say that it had no redeeming features 
If I could give it zero stars I would!. I do yoga and have done some Pilates. I ve actually got a pretty decent core, but the advanced moves on 
Elton disappoints. The sound and video quality are excellent. The show is spectacular. Elton sounds terrible. I ve never seen Elton live, I m a casual fan that has enjoyed 
Not so great. Having taken Pilates classed at my local gym, this DVD is way too basic and too short. Don t waste your money  
Gay Men With Mullets and Celtic Accents. Alexander is portrayed as a neurotic and tortured individual who is shoved into power and conquest by his mother and turned into a 
Philadelphia. Denzel Washington is probably my favorite actor. Even in that dog of a movie called THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE, he shone. Tom Hanks? Well, lemme quit hating the guy. This 
Nowhere near as good as the book. I would like to reiterate a few points that I ve seen in other reviews but I don t think were stressed enough. 
Annoys even Theron fans. A beautiful young woman suspects that her astronaut husband might have been radically altered by an in flight astronaut. His partner has a suicidal freak-out, and 
Read the book. For the times this movie was made, the acting is good. I would love to see this same story done in more modern times where I believe 
Disgusting Mahabharata. I read on internet about this western version of Mahabharata and was curious to watch how Peter Brook captured it with his western mindset. After watching the movie 
Tootsie. To begin with the movie Tootsie is classified as a genre of romance and comic.This movie is produced in New York. The protagonist is Michael Dorsey and he is 
Not my Favorite... but take a look anyway. This out of all the many versions of Jane Eyre has to be my least favorite...Granted Samantha Morton has a very adorable 
african-american experience. not a good script kind of slow, a regular movie if You are into history In America, but If You dont live there, or got any interest in 
Not his best. The movie to me was very horrible,first of all the sound effects in this movie were very cheap. The movie wasnt one of his best. The other 
So, where s the extras?. Nothing. Not even a trailer. What a wasted opportunity for a commentary by West who does do them -- he did one for When A 
no title. What a disappointment! I remember Siskel and Ebert raving over this romantic comedy. Romantic, maybe, but comedy - never. Very predictable plot from beginning to end. And Rosie 
Worthless. Not sure why this has got such a high rating as it is a complete waste of time. While Saw had a unique story, this remains in the brain 
not my cup of tea but ok. d item was not fo me but d bits and pieces ive seen of d show r really gud and if ur n 
tisk tisk tisk. I am truly shocked that there are people out there that thought this movie good, and for saying it could be a reality? I mean the plot 
Wow! Bondage people are as dull boring as us normal people. It seems that all there is to the bondage scene is people going to special clubs with silly customs 
I HAVE NOW SEEN THE STUPIDEST MOVIE EVER MADE!. The cast of Boogie Nights does the most depressing movie since the Passion Of The Christ. If you don t feel 
Poor Picture Quality. I don t feel Red Sonja is any better or worse plot wise than Conan The Destroyer. However I found the picture quality to be one of 
Avoid. DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE. Sounds good on paper but throughout the whole film, NOTHING HAPPENS. Unfortunately, I kept waiting for the payoff. Believe me, there isn t one 
One of the most homoerotic films I have ever seen!. Leeches is a terrible movie. Dude, I have never seen anything so gay in my whole life except the director 
Absolutely no value - Animal Cruelty at its worst. Putting aside the entire subject of the atrocity, this movie is absolutely horrendous just for the infamous cat scene. I strongly 
One of the worst movies I have ever seen. This entire movie could have run in only 20 minutes and you wouldn t miss anything and might even enjoy it. 
Very overrated, narcissitic, and self indulgent.... I was immensely disappointed by this film. The avant-garde style of the film has been done better by other filmmakers specifically Derek Jarman, Kenneth 
Deep Deceptions. Deep Deceptions Was Not what it was advertised to be. In the advertisement it was to explain about how The Divinci Code just scratched the surface. The dvd 
There is NO unedited version available . . . The original, full-length version of this classic is not available anywhere, for any cost. If you watched this on HBO growing 
ok but not scary. this movie is not scary at all want to get freaked out watch boogeyman very scary  
Waste of Time. If you re a trusting sort, read the title of this review and stop--don t spend another moment thinking about this film. But if you must know 
 YAWN . This is the most boring movie I ve ever seen. Each scene is so slow. The storyline is cliche and predictible. I knew exactly what would happen 
Disgusting and pointless. Listen, Bunuel. What are we going to do? The witch has quit. Says: too much nudity. Who does she think she is - Mother Theresa? I am 
mind numbingly boring repetition. After seeing the first series, I thought hoped that intelligence had started to find it s way back to humor. With the second series, I see 
Can we ever have enough Michael McDonald?. I gotta tell you something. I m really excited about it. Uh, for the first time, today, I woke up, I came to 
Desperate Acts. I won t give a long drawn out account on why this movie was bad for me, but one thing sticks out in my mind. The characters tried 
Ghetto Monkey, Modification Morons with Mufflers. I would rate this piece of film trash a 0 , but unfortunately, that is not an available option. This stupid movie did not 
Why did I bother?. I kind of wanted to see this movie when it originally came out in theaters, but I never got around to it...I m glad I didn 
This film was not faithful to the adaptation of the novel. There s lots of passion in Wide Sargasso Sea THE BOOK, but it s mostly emotional. It s an 
MONK IS JUNK!. I really want to give this piece of garbage a Zero. Actually, I only watched part of one episode, I don t know if it s from 
HAHAHAHAHAH. This movie was extreamly stupid, but very funny. We just laughed though this hole movie. This was pretty much very soft porn. The hole time all the guys did 
Zombie Cows. Ummm... yeah this movie sucked. I mean come on, zombie cows? This movie had really bad special effects, even worse acting, and most of all it was just 
FAILS TO TOP NIELSEN RATINGS. Leslie Nielsen stars in SPY HARD. What kind of a title is THAT  
A lot of wasted potential...... too bad.... This movie started off about as refreshing as you could get. Sure, there were Lifetime channel moments and such but for a horror 
Extend THIS. Editors have their jobs for a reason: Cutting the crap and getting to the point. Extended scenes were cut because they have no effect upon the film and 
Overwritten debut effort for the talented Zach Braff. Zach Braff of Scrubs fame wrote, directed and starred in Garden State. The flick has a lot of good ideas, but at 
I hate framing movies. After reading the storyline of this movie, it seems like a framing movie, so I didn t even bother to watch it because framing movies piss 
unable to view. I am very disappointed with your service.I am unable to view this dvd as it is not compatible with the australian system.I informed your company by email 
Disappointing follow up to What the bleep....:. I love this topic as discovered in What the Bleep. However this book as a follow up is a disappointment. It is basically 
I don t love your work. Oh joy. Another movie about how tough it is to be famous, rich and liked.Actor director Adam Goldberg s I Love Your Work attempts 
This item borders on false advertising. I did a search for Cesar Milan known on TV as the Dog Whisperer and a number of items came up including this one. 
An astonishingly conventional film that isn t nearly as subversive as it thinks it is. Let it first be said that everyone who considers themselves a serious student of film 
The Brat Pack and those enormous granny panties. This was the movie that gave us The Brat Pack, a staple of a certain 80s cultural set. The term Brat Pack 
Swept From the Sea. I hated, hated, hated, hated this movie. It didn t make sense to me. To depresssing  
Nice Movie, But A Huge Disappointment. This follow up to the brilliant 1983 classic &quot;A Christmas Story&quot; is a pretty disappointing affair. The movie does not hold the same magical 
A TRUE LOSS OF FAITH. Faith Hathaway had just graduated High School and was one week away from going into the army. She was full of hope and life. Robert 
The thousand injuries of Fortunado. First, this piece of trash is based on The Journey To The West about as much as Raiders of the Lost Ark is based on 
two movies dont work for some unknown reason. All these movies are good classics, but the problem is that Universal Studios dvd transfer is horrible. two of the movies in 
You re kidding, right?. Essential Classics - Family Films? Wizard of Oz, NO argument there. But The Goonies ? What reviewer thought that was a family classic? It s good 
Funky 60s Look, Some Interesting Scenes, Not Much Else. Gotta love the flashback to the sixties that is reflected in every scene of this movie of course, it was just 
trying. trying is the best word to describe this movie.it tried my patience. the opening scene was several minutes of nothing and i had to hold myself back from turning 
Great on the movie part. Terrible on the scholarly remarks parts. This movie would get 5 stars if it were not carressing with one hand - portrayingthe Gospel of John 
bummer. How can I review the movie Second Chorus when I have never received it  
Too many changes. I loved Gilad from watching him on ESPN and LOVE the beach scenes. However, I felt like he went too fast; I was playing catch-up because he 
If you care about The BOYS get the UK set. It is a shame that American film classics like L and H get more attention and love outside of the 
great movie..hddvd worthless. Goodfellas is a classic cult movie and there is no doubt about it.But sorry when it comes to talk about High definition the rating goes to 2 
Wasted Potential. This movie could have been so much more than it is. It offers up more wasted potential than an American Idol audition.First, there s the angle of the 
Horrible. Absolutely unwatchable. Cliche-ridden. So silly it s very nearly offensive. It s like watching one long music video by a B-level rapper - full of dumb, beautiful women, buff, 
Too Bad the sound track was Improved . This was and is a great,great, movie the way it was originally conceived! Then, DVDs came along with better visuals and the 
Certainly not stronger than Steele. I Netflixed this and was surprised at the results. Cybil Sheppard was likable, but Bruce Willis, the one for whom I thought I d like 
So what?. This may be how Mexico really is, but its not a good movie. After reading all the great reviews I was expecting much more. But like 21 Grams, 
Great movie, horrible DVD!. Buena Vista the company that releases Disney films on DVD chose to not release anamorphic DVDs when they first came to DVD, so none of these 
Appauling. Wrong version, was searching for an older version where the little mermaid dies. This is not that version!!!!Shame on Amazo  
Sexually Chaotic and Dysfunctional. The reason I was drawn to watching this so-called French art film is the participation of Isabelle Hupert whom I enjoyed from I Heart Huckabees. Watching 
Sorry. This movie is so freakin stupid. Yes its funny...but so very dumb. Not good dumb; bad dumb. Terribly, painfully stupid. Funny at times. Best avoided or taken in small 
A BOMB of a flick except for a few good gore effects. This sequel to a horror classic started out ok, but by the middle, none of it mattered anymore, 
Isaac is a midget. LOL. Where to begin, I have no clue. A talentless pool of unknown actors assemble together and do their best to act their way to an 
Horrible adaption of Macbeth . This has got to be one of the most horrible Macbeth adaptions I ve ever seen. First of all, there are no real sets. Most 
Great swordfights, lousy movie. I bought this movie on the basis of the many excellent reviews, but as I was disappointed on so many levels, I can t help wondering 
Could have been better. The best acting job in the whole movie, was Dean Cain himself. The telling of his back story could have been more detailed. It tended to 
Boooooring. If you saw the trailer like I did, you expect someting else, the guy who did it should get an award just for that, the movie itself is just 
Care bears movie II: New Generation. There was a flaw on the DVD. It would get to a point and stop. It was a gift and 30 days would have 
Good movies - Bad copies. These are ten classic film noirs. Unfortunately the video and audio quality of these DVDs is very poor. Get these films in other releases  
Exploitive? How about BORING?!!. Why do people even bother making women-in-prison films when they don t understand what their audience is looking for? I mean, nobody REALLY wants to see 
I know it is a VERY BAD MOVIE. Before clicking the link on this page for this film I knew that someone would say VERY BAD MOVIE, OR VERY BAD 
Exciting concept, dud follow-thru. The concept was a dream for monster fans -- combine Werewolves, Frankenstein Shuler Hensley , Jeckel Hyde, and Dracula, with Bram Stoker s vampire-chaser Van Helsing, 
Enjoyable At Some Parts But Just Plain Stupid In Others. What i mean by the title of my review is yes this movie is going to be funny its Monty 
Far and Away. Very disappointed because I can t watch it on my DVD player. I would have asked for a refund and returned it but don t know how 
Ewwww that smell... this stinks...Buy Flying Daggers, [just plain] HERO, or buy Fong Sai Yuk at an online retailer..  
The king of sleeze-Jing Wong forgets that he had Jet Li starring in this movie. Jing Wong truly sinks to a new low with this movie. Jet has one oustanding 
The hard truth about Season 3. Like many folks who were born too late to catch televison s greatest shows when they first aired, but old enough to remember the 
Jimmy Neutron Buy Doofus!. The tv series is better!I don t know why kids think this movie is cool. This isn t a family film, because only kids would be 
You Should Refuse To Watch. I was channel surfing one night and I landed on 50 Cent: Refuse To Die. At first, I thought it was an authorized production but 
What?! Not Anamorphic?!. I was ready to order this great movie based on that it s supoosed to be a Collectors Edition ; fortunately I happened to catch the comment 
Garland original screenplays = good. Adapted Garland novels = ... The Tesseract Oxide Pang, 2003 I hereby forgive Danny Boyle for taking Alex Garland s amazing novel The Beach and 
Not a good deal. This DVD is poor, and below the expectations of any wrestling fan mainly for Jeff s fans, the matches never end somebody always screwed him during 
I never received the video!. I read the statement: Will send in two to three business days. It s been almost one month. I never received the video. I m 
My Own Personal Hell. This is the first time I delved into the HellRaiser series, and I have to admit, I kind of regret it. The film opens with a 
Outdated. I m sure this was a fun video in its time, but the moves are just too 80 s  
Kill Me Now. Great casting, but poor choice of a stage script to translate to film. It s so aggravating. I want to chew my own leg off half way 
Somewhat Overdone Version Here. It s not as bad as the version done by Johnny Depp and Christina Ricci, but close enough. I did find it intriguing as it started 
Feeble Homage. The Little Rascals collection is a set of 5 DVDs with a few shorts on each DVD, the fifth disk with an extra from the 50s and a 
Disappointing. I hate to be one of the only people to leave a bad review, but this video just isn t up to the same standards as other Sesame Street 
Would be GREAT! If it was a 25 minute film. This movie started off with premise. Although I hate the actors in it, I wanted to give it a chance. 
Cheesy Sci-Fi flick only has some good things to offer, but its really silly... Josh Charles S.W.A.T., Tv s Sports Night finds out that he is the bearer of a 
Not Appropriate for Children!. I agree with Jane! I bought this video for my four year old son because he s a Spider-man fanatic. Little did I know that this 
Sofia Milos is all the money!. The Order sheds light on a religious sect dating back to the Crusades. Having survived throughout the centuries, it aims at fulfilling a prophecy, 
corny&ok. I saw this movie over the weekend&thought it was corny&Predictable but it passed the time so no harm no foul.iy had a few laughs but that was about it 
Disappointing! So 80 s!!. I bought this dvd after seeing a recommendation by a celeb in a fitness magazine. Bad idea. I have several fitness dvd s from various outlets 
You Had To Be There. Made for a pittance, initially released in just two theaters, ultimately grossing over ten million dollars, Sweet Sweetback s Baadasssss Song became the progenitor of 
Not good quality. The movie is a good one but the quality of the dvd is bad! The sound is very low, picture is jumpy I m not sure how 
Thoroughly predictable thriller . The only thing that kept this from being ABSOLUTELY predictable was that a dead bad guy did NOT spring back to life. I found myself saying 
A Letdown from National Lampoon. This could have been a good movie. The premise was ripe for exploitation and nobody exploits the stupidity of people in general and young people 
For kids only. The movie is very loosely based upon a book by Mary Norton about the Clock family, small people about six inches tall who live underneath the floorboards 
Big disappointment... Okay, first things first: The Magificent 7 or Seven Samurai, this movie is most definitely NOT.It is more like The Storm Riders meets Conan meets Mad Max. The 
Crapper. Ticker ...oh where to begin?Usually I write pretty in-depth reviews about Lord Steven s films but with Ticker I m not even going to bother. Here s the only 
PIECE OF CRAP!. Dragonheart did not need a sequel. The story was told. It is over. The first movie peaked therfore, end of franchise. This has bad acting, terrible C.G.I., 
A Sizeable Disappointment. Like most people who made the effort to see this movie, I read Tim Sandlin s book and thoroughly enjoyed it.Unfortunately for this movie, Sandlin is a 
started out great, then went bad. I watched this movie with great anticipation. It is very well acted and starts out great. It s the story of a young Spanish 
Great Language Features. Band Camp was funny, but not as good as the first two American Pie movies. It was, however, on par with the third movie in the series. 
NOTHING BUT THE BREAST. SKYSCRAPER is in one word, awful. Anna Nicole Smith wouldn t know how to act, and once you ve seen her watermelons once, they re not 
For The Hardcore 50 Cent Fans Only 2 Stars . I don t consider myself a hardocre 50 Cent fan, but I went out and bought this after getting a 
Some advance warning, please?. I had no idea what to expect from this, and am still not sure how this pair of sketch comedy shorts featuring Jim Norton, Lewis Black, 
Nobody want s to be this Mama s boys Valentine. Your typical, average, unoriginal masked man killing off people that he doesn t like. Not only that, People that don 
Terrible-don t waste your money. This supposed language lab is VERY poorly designed. The dvd consists of images of items with a nursery rhyme or poem being recited in another 
Prisoners of the Mountains. I thought this movie was decent but nothing spectacular. It kept me awake but just on the verge. The few comical scenes helped to keep me 
Dumbest movie ever. The entire premise of the movie is not merely ludicrous or far-fetched, it is actually completely false. The concept of double jeopardy has nothing at all to 
Note to Tyrone Power fans:. While the movie is interesting, if you are a Tyrone Power or Vincent Price fan - They are barely in it.  
Compared to the real story?. You only need to read the book by Whitley Strieber to know how truly disappointing this movie is.  
UNWATCHABLE !. Save your money. I gave up halfway through and shredded the DVD. Amanda Peet was great in Saving Silverman , but she should be mortified by this movie. 
For die hard Kutcher fans only. The movie starts off very slowly, with childhood episodes from Ashton Kutcher s character. It s at least 1 2 an hour before we 
Half of Dickens. I would love to be able to comment on Parts 1, 2 and 3 of Martin Chuzzlewitt, with the brilliant Paul Schofield, but on the single disc 
Worst Semi-Musical EVER!. There were two things that I really hated about this movie: the music and the forest. I m not sure where they shot this movie, but the 
Fantastic PQ, awful movie. Reference picture quality on HD-DVD. Basically unwatchable though. I would not recommend the blind buy on this one.  
Shallow affirmation of female stereotypes. My roommate got me to watch a bunch of this. I figured maybe since I m a girl and girls like Sex in the City, 
The guys can t act. I m not a professional critic or one that watches many movies. I just love 80 s movies and since this movie had good reviews, 
okay melodrama....fuller style. Army sergeant, Robert Stack, working undercover, breaks up a syndicate led by expatriate Robert Ryan, in this hard-boiled melodrama set against the urban sprawl of post-war Japan. 
Waste of money. If you like reality TV or soap operas, this DVD is right up your alley. Jamie is indeed informative and amusing during his cooking shows. I guess 
Dissapointing. I ordered this CD because I thought I might learn some sexy dance moves from it. Bad idea. I didn t see any interesting choreographies or moves. And a 
At least it s over. . . It should be noted that the Amazon description for this product is WRONG. It does NOT contain both English and Japanese audio tracks. 
Tokyo Razz. With the possible exception of The Possession of Joel Delaney, easily MacLaine s most bizarre film. Here she s cast as a Hollywood slapstick queen who s so 
THE GAMES AFOOT. To GHOST GAME s credit, I didn t cut it off; it entertained me enough to make me stay with it. BUT..what a lame movie. A plot 
mediocre piece of realist propaganda. A mediocre piece of realist propaganda, now elevated to the ranks of film greats because of its conformity to certain techniques of the era, this 
Awful!. Sometimes brainless action movies can be at least entertaining, but this movie does not deliver. I couldn t even finish watching it on cable. Really idiotic! And this from 
This movie sucks. I was watching Cinemax one night, bored out of my mind and unable to sleep, when this movie came on. The acting made me laugh. The premise 
One of the most moronic films I ve ever suffered through. I was forced to endure this film when it first appeared in theatres Dude, you ve gotta see it, 
Having seen every one of these i can tell you, DO NOT BUY THIS!!. After Dark s Horrorfest as they titled it was only a horror fest because almost every 
not much for laughs and even less for plot. Wedding Crashers is the kinda film alot of people will love because it is stupid but alot of others like myself, 
Ridiculous. Dull, dull, dull.If I could have submitted a review and given ZERO stars I would have.Pointless  
Totally uninspired, with needlessly shocking scenes. Unlike some other reviewers, I thought the acting was alright, but only just. The story is so full of unlikeable characters, however, that I 
A Leaden Affair. Histoire de Marie et Julien is the most solemn movie I have seen in years. It comes complete with heavy-handed symbolism, characters who are wallowing in existential 
Sorry for the huge and famous cast. This movie comes from John Grisham s novel of the same title. Most of the actions taking place in the novel were also 
Gag me with a spoon!!!. I found this film to be a total waste of otherwise good talent. It should be rated X. I didn t know Johnny could stoop 
A TOTAL DISGRACE TO THE EC COMICS LEGENDS!. William Gaines must be rolling around in his grave. Shame, shame...AVOID THIS  
Come on, These are SUPPOSED to be for Kids !. This film is not fit for children under the age of 16 and it is a pathetic, crying shame. It 
Poorly Written Script with Three Good Leading Ladies. Though too fluffy and light-weight, Chasing Papi is not as awful as some opinions might suggest. Produced by none other than 20th 
Only three episodes?. I love the shows, but a favorites DVD with only three episodes? I couldn t believe it. The three shows would get 5 stars, but the great 
boring and outdated. Cinematography is good. Actors are good. But script is boring and outdated. You can barely reach the end of the movie. Don t see it after lunch 
Overall this game SUCKS!. This game is not what it has been hyped up to be. I can t even bother to make it through the first level I found 
Hotel Exotica For Her. When Ellen Evans directed this movie she managed to get sex scenes with energy, passion, sensuality, and creativity. Fans of softcore know how rare these things 
Mildly Entertaining. This is another Family friendly movie, that my 3 littlest ones just didn t take to. About have way through, 2 of the 3 were asking to put 
A Film for Sandler Fans; Others, Steer Clear. You have to understand: I am not an Adam Sandler fan. I didn t like him on Saturday Night Live. I don 
What s This Movie Trying to Say?. How come the arch-villain and the damsel-in-distress are the only Asian speaking roles in this otherwise virtually all-white film? With so few prominent 
hysterical mother is vindicated yawn . Jodie Foster is excellent but there is no doubt that the daughter will be found on the plane at the end. The only mystery 
Waste of money. This DVD was a waste of money and a waste of time. It s unauthorized by MUSE, so therefore there were no interviews, no live footage, and 
The whole planet lurves this show but I don t get it. 23 for the Chinese version and the English subtitles are mad. The English subtitles available on American cable 
SADLY ONE OF THE WORST FILMS MADE!!!!!!!. GREAT CAST HORRIBLE SCRIPT LAUGHABLE PERFORMACES A WASTE OF TIME , MONEY & FILM THEY PUT SOO MUCH MAKEUP ON THE VERY BEAUTIFUL 
Well, if you are a true Beatle fan.... I have been a Beatles fan since 1964, and I have distinct memories of the band s influence on my young life. 
I REMEMBER SEEING AND LIKING THIS MOVIE 30 YEARS AGO. So, I bought it, viewed it and realized that it was THE VILLAIN I saw liked. This movie isthe personification 
See this movie at lest once. ...to see just how bad it is. Unlike it s predecessor Heavy Metal 2k has one single 90 minute story arch talking place in 
I hate This Movie it makes me wanna like Part 1!. SUMMARY: Film Students are making a movie called Urban Legends, and when they start working, they all start getting 
American version ok, da original chinese version much better. This movie was ok, but da dubbing ..., and thanx alot to Dimension Home Video they re did da sound effects 
not very good. the big brother documentry part was great the janis live stuff is very poor quality sound and picture buyer beware  
Not for this family. Guess I m in the minority about this, but this PLAY NOT a MOVIE left me thinking that I wasted my money. I enjoyed Madea, she 
Also Bad TandA. If you re looking for sexy scenes, and why else would you watch these movies, don t waste your time  
MORTAL KOMBAT. I DID NOT RECEIVE THIS MOVIE AND I WAS CHARGE FOR ITI WOULD LOOK TO RECEIVE THE DVDTHANK YOUCAN SOMEONE EMAIL ME WITH THIS INFOrossannemccullough@hotmail.comor call me at 
really really bad. This movie is so bad. It is just about a annoying valley girl blonde who is rich and has tons of friends and who has no real 
Why oh why?. Let me start by saying the first movie of the series was absolutely fantastic. Regardless of the fact that it didn t stick with a few key 
not worth the buy. dont buy it not enough action but rent i  
it s okay. i bought this thinking that this would be fun and a decent workout, i tried it a few times but just couldnt get in to it. it 
WORST VIDEO EVER. I watched the movie DRIVING MRS DASIE with my mother and it had cooler cars than the ones in this movie. It looked like the drivers stole 
The Dreamers. Despite the mixed reviews the critics and other viewers may have given this movie, this is really pretty sick stuff, with little or no redeeming social context. Objectively, 
THESE TWO FILMS DESERVE EACH OTHER... I confess to being a big fan of the Coen brothers, which is why I was surprised at my response to Intolerable Cruelty . 
CAN T FIND A GOOD SLEEPING PILL? THAN BUY THIS MOVIE!. Yes, I must admit that I was fooled by the One of the most notorious, most debated, most banned 
relentlessly stupid and sadistic. thankfully this is a very short movie. still, it s a waste of whatever part of your life it takes to watch it. it almost made 
What a rediculous pile of poo. You re kidding, right? The only good film in the trilogy is the origonal. How dare you try to continue the story of something 
Time to Change the Litter Box. In the 80 s, after Cats became the phenomenon it became, commercials for newly-opened Broadway musicals would often feature an audience member enthusiastically exclaiming 
Interesting but not instructional. I m a huge CL fan, and got interested in playing piano in part, because of the great music CL plays.But while the DVD is interesting, 
Maybe I just have no sense of humor. Well, the good part is you gotta love Anna Faris. She plays the ditz with such sincerity...Great. But this movie...not funny. Oh 
choose this dvd if you want to be discouraged and feel crappy about yourself. I can t believe that other reviewers are calling the moves in this video easy to 
Sorry, Spy Hard is a waste of time. I love Leslie Nielsen, but this movie is not funny. His better movies are Wrongfully Accused and the Naked Gun movies  
Had Promise, but Failed to Deliver. I have to agree with the other reviewers. Legend of the Rangers looked promising but ultimately didn t deliver. The sets and effects are 
Elizabeth Hurley topless is all this movie has going for it. The only reason why I think this movie continues to actually exist is the fact that the luscious & 
a boring waste of time. there are a bunch of these movies and if you get one the Amazon program will state that customers who bought this movie also bought 
Read the book instead. Just a note to those who were uncomfortable watching this film with their children; movies have ratings for a reason. This movie is rated PG-13, which 
contrived, implausible crime drama. Four Brothers is yet another nail in the coffin of John Singleton s increasingly moribund moviemaking career. The director - who burst upon the scene in 
A Charming bit of Camp for a Rainy Afternoon. As a fan of Mme. Austen, Thomas Hardy, D.H. Lawrence and other sundry novelists of manner, I freely admit to a 
Poor quality, somewhat entertaining. The special effects are very poor. The mixing of horror with humor and a teenage type script just doesn t do it for me. Not recommended 
TYPICAL ACTION FILM; 1.5 STARS. AN AIR FORCE PILOT [ICE-T] FAKES HIS OWN DEATH ONLY TO RESURFACE AS THE PARTNER OF A DEADLY LATIN AMERICAN ARMS DEALER [ANDREW DIVOFF]. WHEN 
Here s A Puzzler: Who s The Most Loathsome Cast Member?. I am being generous in giving this film two stars. I saw a trailer for it, and while it 
Beware........................................... Worst movie ever the creture on the front cover is not even in the movie you do not see the monster which is a beast until the last 15 
The DVD extras are better than the movie itself. In the DVD extras there are several featurettes about the making of this film. One of the most telling is the 
Yeah Right. Ok, so I am not a big vampire movie fan, so maybe that had something to do with the fact that I thought this movie sucked. But I 
IT IS HARD TO GET MUCH LAMER THAN - The Stan Tookie Williams Story. This movie is the BIG LIE logic attempting to prove itself again. Most despotic criminals use 
Retarded. Robin Williams is Jack, whose physical development happens four times faster than normal. There are real ageing diseases but I gather none of them remotely resemble this fairy tale. 
Pro Immigrant and One Sided. This movie makes an attempt at showing a the plight of illegal immigrants but when you watch it you are only shown a glimpse of 
There is only one reason to watch this event... This was probably the worst Royal Rumble in history. It featured three very bad matches, one decent one, a lousy Royal 
Probably the worst Travolta movie ever made. What was he thinking? was all I could think while watching this ... This is, without a doubt, John Travolta s worst movie 
Another pointless Disney midquel. All of Disneys direct to video follow ups are really starting to get tiresome. They are fast cheap ways to profit off the original and have 
The Only Movie I Ever Fell Asleep At. When The original The Grudge Came out. It was a shocking very scary experience at the theater. I was jumping in my 
Now I know why I didn t watch this when it came out in theaters 20 years ago. 1987. One of the worst years for movies. There were a string 
What has happened to the once great Seagal..... The movie begins with a short opening pre-credits action set piece which had nothing to do with the actual film in any 
Victory at Sea. The History channel should be ashamed of this effort. I have seen the PBS broadcasts and indeed the original broadcasts on NBC in the 50 s All 
Beware........................................... Worst movie ever the creture on the front cover is not even in the movie you do not see the monster which is a beast until the last 15 
Just Say No. This movie is no Heathers. It s not even Mean Girls. As hard as it tried to be witty, shocking, dark, and satirical, it just made me 
The Dead Zone TV Pilot . While I loved the DVD, it s not worth the money if you are planning on buying the complete first season. I bought the 
Dean Cain completely ruins this movie. Some scientists in an underground lab are experimenting with DNA and create a dragon which gets loose and stalks them around the facility. The 
HOLLOW INDEED. Waiting six years to do a sequel to the more engrossing original, this followup doesn t really seem necessary. Confusing plot developments, standard effects and mediocre acting combine 
Horrid... This is going to sound like an exaggeration...but this is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.I will admit that I didn t have high hopes for 
Good Movie Deserves Better DVD Treatment... Widescreen Extras . I wholeheartedly agree with the others who stated that this DVD is less than adequate treatment for this good, fun film. 
ok, i ll admit it -- it WAS fun watching charlton heston drown ... the least of the big 3 of disaster movies the others being poseidon adventure and towering 
Did we see the same movie??. Okay, the script is not the most imaginative I ve ever seen, but I like the actors especially Ben s best man so I 
Not what I had In Mind........... Let s get one thing straight. I loved bionicle legos and when i first heard of this movie, i was hyped up to buy 
Dreadful!!!!!!. This DVD is dated, and lacks the eroticism and or nudity you would expect in a women prison movie. I bought the Unrated version, but I wonder what that 
Boring and Easy. I was disappointed with this DVD considering the title and how good Jeri Love looks. It would be good for beginners to weightlifting, but as an experienced 
Worst film i have EVER seen in my whole life. January Man is a film is a must see if you need to to update your film evaluation measurement scale. 
boring. didn t get into it; nothing engaging here; movie didn t make me interested at all; characters boring; turned it off after 30 minute  
Slick--not much else. Think of this as the touring company of the original production, and they just happened to have a camera on-hand. Elizabeth Taylor catches some of the outlines 
I really, really dislike this DVD. well I guess I m the odd one out as I really, really dislike this DVD. I love aerobics. in my search to find 
Rather buy beer. I should have noted the previous review, which stated that you should not waste your money  
Boring and quite uneven. The three stories are quite uneven, being the Wan Kar Wai s segment the most interesting: well acted, well photographed and with a kind of catchy 
Repeat & Rerun - Boring!. This was a total waste of money. The Aloha set was great, but this one was a major disappointment. One entire DVD was nothing but 
Van Helsing against the Cartoon People. Somehow they managed to get beautiful fresh-faced Kate Beckinsdale and lather enough make-up on her to make her a candidate for Madame Tussaud s 
I saw this with a Holocaust survivor. We enjoyed the early parts of the film because of the humor, but my friend, a survivor of Auschwitz Birkenau and a forced 
The Brat Pack and those enormous granny panties. This was the movie that gave us The Brat Pack, a staple of a certain 80s cultural set. The term Brat Pack 
The Aweful. The only reaosn this show gets more than one star is because at the very least you can see that money is spent on it. the presentation is 
Why do scholars have to be so boring??. I acquired this video to interest my students in Dickens as I was about to assign reading. BIG MISTAKE. This video, while 
It is really Yoga?. People will say it is. The only similarity I see is the end corpse pose. For the physical part, I would say it is quite primitive 
there is something wrong with you if you enjoy this!. This is a horrible movie with no redeeming value. I realize that such a knock will actually drive people to 
What were they thinking?. What the heck were they thinking when they made this movie? Were they trying to make a horror movie, a comedy movie, or an action movie? 
Certainly not stronger than Steele. I Netflixed this and was surprised at the results. Cybil Sheppard was likable, but Bruce Willis, the one for whom I thought I d like 
Northanger Abbey video review. This is one of the weirdest video adapatations of a novel I ve ever seen. The novel was an early work by Jane Austen published posthumously 
Yuck; they should have left well enough alone. I was eager to see this movie, having loved the original American Werewolf movie; but was sadly disappointed. I didn t care 
Not really a sequel, and simple answer, ask for her news first., BAD MOVIE. I was semi-excited to see this coming out today, now, I don t know what to 
Bronson is suave, but what happened to J. Lee?. Not a great film by any means, but mildly diverting. However, all credibility is lost in one key scene.J. Lee Thompson, 
Great Content but Lousy Packaging. I learn much more from watching the two great masters in TV than reading their cook books. I was really looking forward to receive these 
A weird movie. This film is one of the worst I have seen. I really don t know what other films Sean Reid has produced but this one was kind 
The Duke saves it. I found the film was poorly directed and photographed. It didnt have a good flow to it. The Duke saves an otherwise poor movie  
Amateurish. Even though Amanda is quite attractive, the camera work is bad, the lack of professionalism throughout make this naked yoga DVD a bitter disappointment. There are few close-ups and 
Shuttle Discovery s Historic Mission Blu-ray . Being a new Blu-ray owner I was anxious to acquire some high resolution material. This was one of three discs in my first 
I.C.U. I had never heard of this movie until yesterday when I bought the VHS version of this movie for a very good price. Not normally a fan of cop 
Rent this movie before you buy it. I know that everyone wants to hear how great a movie is. Well, I can t say The Thin Red Line is a 
I wish I could go lower than this. This is horrendous movie. I will never claim it as the movie of my generation. It s one of the many reasons 
NiteinCO. Every Lakers fan I ve ever met lives in the past sadly now. To them, the clock stopped when Kareem and Magic hung up the shoes [and we know 
Try Lock Down. American Me in review:Lousy, predictable story. There are two MAYBE three characters in this movie that have some depth but most are generic sterotypes, but since the 
Japanese Goosebumps!. This film is 7.50 at walmart! The Japanese Goosebumps! Twilight Zone wannabes! Yeah, it s good. Good to laugh at! The Sacrafice should have been packaged alone for 
A disservice to her voice!. Norah Jones has the most profound voice in music I will NOT call it Jazz after hearing this DVD since Joe Cocker just saw his 
Capital BORING... What were those people who gave this 5 stars watching? If you want to see two people jabbering for 80 minutes this is it. This was adapted from 
moronic. the script is garbage...as if they made it up as they were going along the amount of production goofs prove it .....even a golf ball knows you can stop 
Yet another ripped-off collector. I have to agree with the previous reviewer; those of us who faithfully bought every season of MASH up to now 300 are getting abused by 
Not for DVD aficionados. I m rather upset with the technical quality of this DVD. Grindhouse rereleased this disc exactly as it was in 2000, without so much as a 
Sorry for the huge and famous cast. This movie comes from John Grisham s novel of the same title. Most of the actions taking place in the novel were also 
Psuedo Anime,. Okay this is starting to piss me off, why the heck are there so many anime imitations coming out? Its so freakin annoying!!!!!! The people who made this 
CAN T FIND A GOOD SLEEPING PILL? THAN BUY THIS MOVIE!. Yes, I must admit that I was fooled by the One of the most notorious, most debated, most banned 
Alas, another remake. Making this a musical with Bing Crosby isn t a bad idea. Making it advertize the Jazz Fest and him doing Jazz is. I ve never cared 
Supernova in the classroom. Does anyone know if there is a real PG-13 version of this film? I ve been told it came out as a PG-13 and then was 
Steven Seagal, if you surf Amazon, please listen to us!. Back in the 1990 s, Steven Segal and Jean-Claude Van Damme were the stars going head to head at the 
Watch out!!! This DVD edited. Many scenes missing. Even though The Human Tornado is undoubtedly Rudy Ray Moore s Citizen Kain, this DVD is completely butchered. Xenon s DVD is 
Worst movie I ve ever seen. I would have given this film 0 stars if possible. This film was long, boring, and painful to watch. If you like Jane Austen 
In a word: horrid. It pained me to sit through this movie and I would have turned it off after the first ten minutes if I didn t have to 
2 stars because its got that new slang garbage in it. i aint been much for these animated movies, especially that mickey mouse character. i bought this cd for my 
Low budget--so what?. The movie Dead Life by director William Victor Shotten is a throwback to the great movies of old such as Night of the Living Dead--or at least 
Much Ado about nothing. I personally started liking Tim Robbins from Shawshank Redemption & Sean Penn from Dead Man Walking and I believe these were the movies these guys should 
If I could give it a negative 5, I would... This movie was just about the worst movie I ever saw... so utterly and painfully pointless, and not the slightest 
Just Say No. I am writing this over a year after actually seeing CUBE 2: HYPERCUBE, because it was the first time I could stomach to remember it. I am 
Should be called Nothing Here . It is quite possible for this film to wash over you and leave absolutely no trace of passing.There are about three or four lines 
Hilary, Hilary, when will you learn, acting just isn t your thing... I always end up watching these types of movies on TV, years after their release. And usually I 
save yourself the trouble.. as someone said in an earlier review, the movie is split up into two parts. the first part, training camp, was good. i enjoyed the movie 
trying. trying is the best word to describe this movie.it tried my patience. the opening scene was several minutes of nothing and i had to hold myself back from turning 
NO!!. The horrible effects make it unwatchabe!! When the killer rats attack their victims its laughable how anyone would allow these effects to fly.. I mean this CGI goes down 
read the book. This really isnt a bad movie if you havent read the book, if you have read the book then think of this as another story based on 
Pretty much groan inducing.... -Not a great one here, entertaining for all the wrong reasons, mainly because the film is so bad, so often.-It is nice to see Christina Ricci 
Not as funny or creative or whimsical as the first two!. This Rugrats movie is the worst of the three. Obviously, it was made for promotion and cash more than 
Complete butchering of a good story. I had never seen Queen of the Damned until last night, when I had just finished Anne Rice s novel Queen of the Damned. 
The Postman is a very seriously boring movie. The Postman is a very seriously boring movie with terrible story line. One of the most conspicuous flops of its decade and 
Not Good!. I bought this DVD becuase I really wanted to learn the dance moves in You Got Served and was extremely disappointed. The only routines they teach you are 
Boring. Now when I say boring I don t mean it isn t realistic I have no doubt that women do talk this much about sex when there alone but 
Why?. Why on earth did they release a miniseries on DVD that was already on the Season 1 box set?While a great little show, it seems odd that they would 
The second dvd is much better!. I purchased this dvd because I own the 2nd one and like it so much. Boy, was I disappointed! The abs diet people must 
HO HO Now I Know!. Well it looks like my question regarding why these two Classic Cartoon Favorites DVD s are being released in September has been answered! Anywhey being 
Nothing But Noise - Big Disappointment. I thought maybe it was just old age creeping up on me. The Jimi Hendrix that I remember from my youth sounded a whole 
Great game, not for amateurs. My son gave me this game for Christmas and unlike the prior version, I cannot come close to surviving even a few minutes at any 
DISAPPOINTMENT OF A LIFE-TIME............... and i guess along, i knew it would be!!! dark shadows 1966-71 is the only dark shadows. period.!!! THERE IS NO.. nor...EVER CAN BE a revival 
Another one of those silly 80 s movies. The jokes are pretty much what you would expect and there are a lot of slap-stick sight gags. I normally wouldn t 
Worse than trash. If this is from Sony Pictures, I have to question the quality of every other Sony product. This is the worst picture ever made, period. I ll 
Cannable: The Musical. It has been over a month and I have YET to receive my movie!!!!!!!!!!!  
Don t Waste Your Money. I don t usually write reviews, but I feel so strongly that this one is awful, that I feel obligated to warn future buyers to 
Wait for the new Hitchcock releases. These DVDs are &quot;Laserlight&quot; releases which mean that they have very poor quality picture and sound.Wait for the new Hitchcock Box sets which have 
Campy, weird and boring....but starring Jayne. When I bought this movie I thought God: all the reviews are talking about a boring and absolutely unbearable movie Yet I bought it 
Today Seagal Gets 2 Stars...Barely!. This is the second direct-to-video Seagal film that I have watched in a week. As I did with Out for a Kill, I ve given 
Skip It Lives Again, and go straight for Island of the Alive. It s ALive 3: Island of the Alive is down right hilarious. Nothing is better than watching mutant 
And the jungle reeked for days... Tanya can t act her way out of a - well, anything, but she can get out of any clothing whatever, and the gratuitous 
Don t buy this 1-Disc release. I bought the Japanese 2-Disc edition from Amazon s Japanese site. The only thing that is in Japanese only are the kiddy games everthing 
Speeding to hell. The story here dosen t matter. The main characters fuse into a missle of meth and insanity towards an explosive ending. Scwartzman escapes his fate temporarily and 
If you like this garbage you belong on death row. Actually to call this crap music is an insult to every musician. All this is are a bunch of uneducated 
Like a car crash.... You want to turn away but you just can t stop watching! Like other reviewers suggest, maybe I need to read the book. The film on 
Quiet possibly the worst movie ever. Not even Jennifer Garner in tight clothes could make this movie worth a second watch or first watch come to think of it. AVOID 
whhhaaattt. How is this Scream 4 if Wes Craven is consisdering making a 4th installment to the trilogy? lol...and with original cast members lol.... i dont see this movie as 
Great acting wasted on a poor script... I ve dared to challenge my cinema-going art student friends and uni-mates, amid heated discussions about David Lynch, Akira Kurosawa and such, by 
the fun is stealthiest of all... They call it brainless fun, but it s not even fun. Yes, Stealth is that not-rare-enough bad movie that s actually so bad, it 
DULL AMATEUR WORTHLESS UNARTISTIC HOME MOVIES. The entire collection looks like somebody had nothing else to do so they got high and made some films for a joke. This is 
disservice to great director. This is a full screen, heavily cut version of the original Quiemada movie by Pontecorvo. Would you read an edition of Moby Dick or The Red 
Flat and mostly overacted. I had higher expectations when I purchased this DVD.I was not disappointed technically but I was EXTREMELY disappointed with the acting as a whole and with 
This movie isn t that great. I was an extra in this movie, and I was really excited to see it in the theatre. But I was really disappointed. I 
This Film is a Disaster. Tom Berenger must have been desperate for work when he signed up for this embarrassment of a film. It has the feel and tone of 
The WORST movie I have EVER seen! A Stupid, Pointless Bore That Put Me to SLEEP!!. I saw this AWFUL excuse for a movie in the theater in the Spring 
Diabolical. What a terrible DVD. I m no pessimist, this was recorded horribly. Either Shannon Hoon s voice is awful or the recording was. I suspect it was the latter. 
Misleading. This film is really about brainwashing viewers into feeling sorry for illegal aliens. Not only did these filmmakers capitalize on a small town called Farmingville, they re also promoting 
For Girlie men. I was a bit disappointed in this tape. The workouts are too easy. I had masteredAbs of Steel I and was looking for Abs of Steel 2. 
One of the few cumbia style salsa instructionals BUT the quality is poor. OK. I give these videos credit because nobody else is releasing Cumbia Style salsa instructional DVDs. Cumbia 
Clunky remake of a classic. For those who don t believe in vampires, all one needs to do is look at the movie Cat People. At one time, this had 
Poor Release of Movie. I found this movie very poor and totally a waste of my time. It s plot needs to be rewritten and it does not contain a 
No classics, but not the worst movies ever made. BLOOD OF THE DRAGON-this is the only movie I thought was actually worth seeing on this DVD. The movie is made 
Imploding magic. Ursula Le Guin s Earthsea books are full of magic, mystery, philosophy and intensely powerful storytelling.But you wouldn t know it by this lackluster adaptation. Instead, Earthsea aspires 
Confusing story line, but what I understood was okay. The problem here is the script, or perhaps the directing or the editing. Wherever the blame lies, the story of the 
Great Movie! Terrible transfer... I was really excited to get one of my favorite movies on Blu-ray, but unfortunately, the transfer is awful. I really couldn t tell a difference 
boo. not very good not worth getting it is not good pokefan is wrong and im right not the same as original boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo 
Not what I expected.. Oh Leo.. why would you take this role?? I guess I can justify it since it was his early days. I rented this movie on whim. 
tedious... If you are a casual Cheap Trick fan, don t buy this DVD. The sound quality is poor and the performances are uninspired. Even the great Bun E Carlos 
Jesus, what a steaming pile of crap!. Julia Roberts plays Ed Harris young new wife. Susan Sarandon plays Harris ex-wife. Ex-wife does not like new wife. New wife does not 
FFC Belittles His Own Classic By Altering The Score... Not only does the new music change the mood and quality of critical scenes, it s tantamount to watching old Batman 
Attempting to tribute, copy, and mix many American movies. This movie was obviously made by Japanese fans of several American films. It then tried to mix them all together in 
oh God, why?!!!!. I remember this movie being really, really fun and great when I was 9. My wife wanted this for our video collection and I hate myself for 
Shoddy Ultimate Collectors Edition , get the standard edition. If I m not mistaken, the ONLY difference between the standard 50th anniversary edition and the Ultimate Collector s Edition is1 
The Horror! The Horror!. Well, I had to succumb. I was attracted to this alleged film by it s notoriety as possibly the worst film ever made and a few 
I love Asia Argento...but absolutely HATED this movie. First let me say that this movie DOES, indeed, have subtitles. Unfortunately, this is just one of those annoying DVDs where you 
Not as good as the original!!. Once again, Hollywood runs out of ideas and remakes a movie that doesn t need to be remade. Even with more colorful characters, there 
What s most tragic about this film . . . . . . . . . is that it s actually being discussed. I m pretty down about the fact 
Not What I Thought. I bought this movie, not from amazon, but I got it, watched it and then sold it. I was hoping for something really cool, but instead 
 Not what I would like in a video for Christmas . Extremely dry to watch not really humorus unless you are into very dry humor and I do not 
Blank pages. Morvern Callar was a film destined to cause some trouble, for a number of reasons. Of them:#1- A movie adaptation that plays loose and fast and false with 
Gave it 45 minutes and turned it off!. This movie was so boring and stupid, I turned it off after about 45 minutes. Maybe I had a poor copy, but 
One Star just to be kind. Actually not going to be kind........... What a load of RUBBISH  
Too Self-Aware and Self-Indulgent To Be Real Fun. What can you say about Dead & Breakfast ? I picked this up at the store not knowing much about it other 
Disturbing. This is an intriguing movie that compels the viewer to search for the film s deeping meaning. I am sure that I missed much of that meaning. However, one 
Sweet Dreams Movie. I purchased this movie for my kid sisters and I was extremely disappointed in it. The characters in the movie weren t like the characters in the 
What a Waste!. I bought this collection hoping it would be good...it s the same old junk they ve been playing on CMT. Reba s music videos are OKAY, nothing 
JohnyGluebag. this review is NOT for the superbit version The 2 star rating is not for the movie, but the fact that the description on this site says its widescreen; 
parochial and myopic. One of the most monumental events in the history of American sports, the 2001 World Series is perhaps more worthy than any other sports topic of a 
Denise Richards Strikes out. A bad movie. Not even if Denise had been nude, it still would have been bad  
disappointing. i had never known that there was a movie made about the life story of one of my very favourite singers patsy cline.well they needn t have bothered as 
The Tyler Pery Collection. I ordered these, and several other movies from the Tyler Perry Collection, only to find that they were not actual movies but on-stage plays. I returned 
Disappointing Second Set. With the exception of disc# 6 this collection was very disappointing. It was obvious that the show lost its charm after season #3 and was well on 
Selma Blair gets some interracial lovin . That s the only good thing about this movie. Well, also her dialogue during the aforementioned scene is great. Otherwise this is just 
What a snooze fest. Legally Blonde 2 - Red, White & Blonde is a very disapponting sequel to the blockbuster hit 2001, Legally Blonde. I love the original so much 
They made Punk look BORING.... This volume is so hit or miss it s just insane. I thoroughly enjoyed the coverage on early rock n roll, but after those first 
Read the book. Don t bother wasting your time with this movie, instead read the book. The book was one of the best I have ever read, the movie left 
I M SORRY... I FIND THIS BADLY WRITTEN. spoilers!. Yes, this is a supernatural psycological thriller... but far from a good one as far as I m concerned.I love these 
Blood and Black Lace disc won t play on some players. WARNING! The Blood and Black Lace disc has a known problem with not being able to play in a 
I hate framing movies. After reading the storyline of this movie, it seems like a framing movie, so I didn t even bother to watch it because framing movies piss 
This is one messed up HD-DVD. I could not get this disc to work right on either of my HD-DVD players. It won t allow access to menues and it 
I kept watching: I didnt know they could make movies this bad. This film is so awful it will keep you watching just to see if it can get any 
He s no Robert Redford. After reading the novel The Great Gatsby for school I went out and rented the 1974 version of the movie. I absolutely adored it. It 
Problem with the XBox360. This is the second HD DVD that I ve had issues with the XBox360 player, the other being Children of Men. Ironically, both are dual format. 
Just Plain Stupid -- Actually Zeo stars. Why was this ever made? Just to make fans of the original mad? Rod Serling is rolling over in his grave. When I 
Long and Bleak. As indignity upon indignity is heaped on our protagonist, one gets a distinct whiff of self-loathing if not actual homophobia in this depiction of a young gay 
This Waiting Waiting Waiting is Tough. At the end of this film Gene Hackman s character, strung out thanks to his surveillance heavy lifestyle, finally snaps and pulls apart his 
Baseball lovers only. If you don t enjoy baseball at all, then you won t enjoy this movie  
all the clever British humor can t save this one... If this movie were set in the US, I would ve given it 1 star but the British accent, humor, 
Honorably Courageous. Has everything: a remarkable true story of a determined hero and the love of family in making his accomplishment even more special. It makes you want to applaud 
letdown. I was very disappointed with this dvd. The last reviewer was spot on in their review. If you just want to see and hear some of these celebs talking, 
boring and not a good work out. This was way too slow and not challenging. I would recommend it for elderly people, or people new to working out in general, 
Depressing. The good thing about this movie is that it didn t last more than it did. Not that it s bad, no, it s a fine depressing movie. It 
Very basic. Not a bad video, but extremely easy. I am not in great shape and it doesn t really challenge me. But if you are really just starting to 
The Aweful. The only reaosn this show gets more than one star is because at the very least you can see that money is spent on it. the presentation is 
not my cup of tea but ok. d item was not fo me but d bits and pieces ive seen of d show r really gud and if ur n 
For this very reason, one star. I copied and pasted the bottom of this from another reviewer here. I have not seen this DVD, but thanks to this person for 
This was RIDICULOUS. Someone please slap me because I BOUGHT this movie at my local grocery store thinking that it was going to be a documentary or something. In reality, 
The Brat Pack Comes of Age. St. Elmo s Fire is one of those movies that could have been better, should have been better and yet, it just wasn t.It 
Don t bother. Sorry I can t recommend this one. I bought it USED thankfully based on all the nice good reviews here. I don t think we watched the 
Lousy. Did Nicholson read the script before signing for this movie? Was he broke that he had to act? Has he reached senility to accept to play in such a 
Profoundly unfunny and completely unwatchable film. Completey and utterly unfunny performances by Oldman and Roth. Stoppard may be a brilliant playwright but a filmmaker he is not, having botched a 
so bad it scared me out of eating. i watched troll 2 on showtime beyond showtime s horror sci-fi movie channel and like the movie itself is SO bad it 
Predictable and Uneven. I m not going to write too much. If you need to hear more just check other reviews down here.From all the 3 episodes only the first 
Not what I expected. This was one of the first things I ordered through Amazon, and I guess being new I was naive. I was expecting the Disney version and 
..not the same as earlier edition, sigh!. I recently purchased a copy of this edition, having loaned a niece with children my copy from a couple of years ago which 
It s Just Alright. This movie was alright, but not something I d like to watch again. Once is enough. I never knew Sheila E. had starred in Krush Groove 
Totally unrealistic and annoying. The main character came across as gay to me too. This movie is in no way realistic. The other reviewer is right about everything. It s 
dirty work blows. i love norm macdonald and this is the dumbest movie of all tim  
Can t stand being negative..but here goes. Okay. The premise of this movie had wings.I mean here we have a crazed asylum patient trapped in a spooky hospital for eternity 
Go with the editor s review!!. After reading the editor s review I was ready to dismiss this movie even as a huge Buffy Angel Bones fan. Then I read 
Its just ....ok. The first Cruel Intentions was highly underrated. There was a strong chemistry within the cast obviously since Reese & Ryan married! and the characters weren t one 
redford gandolfini cannot save terrible script. Redford is a 3 star general sentenced to 10 years, for what we later learn is sending men to die in a mission contradicting 
Not so fair and completely unbalanced - see my media scorecard. Pundits would have you believe that Fox news and Rupert Murdoch are the antithesis of quality journalism. They even 
Boring travesty of Le Carre s work. I love Le Carre and was looking forward to this film. But what a mess! The plot is a mishmash -- after about 
Absolute garbage. O.K. who s brainstorm was this? They need two behind the ear. How can you take the phenomenal, real life story of Charlie Luciano s rise to power 
SUCKED!. This shouldn t even be considered a baseball movie! That is like calling M. Night Shamalan s &quot;Signs&quot; a baseball movie because the one guy played baseball. Not worth 
The worst of the worst. As a Will Ferrell fan I will go easy. This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Had I seen this in 
I wanted to like it, but couldn t. I often like concert videos, and I usually like Irish music. But this one was a bit dull and, more importantly, the 
DO NOT BUY THIS!. Please do not support this release of Cassavetes films by Criterion Collection. Purchasing this DVD set constitutes a denigration of real criticism and suppresses the appreciation 
Awful!. Bring back Roy Marsden! This guy was terrible. What a shame to ruin a good story with a very bad actor  
Disappointing. There are way too few scenes and many are sequenced and repeated. Not worth the money  
Disturbing. I may have once considered this movie to be somehow romantic, like so many other reviewers. But, that would have been during my single days or during the years 
A complete waste of time. I rented City of the Walking Dead expecting it to be similar to Lucio Fulci s masterpiece Zombie. I was horribly disappointed to find City 
Liz is right - it s trash. All her life, Elizabeth Taylor has referred to this movie as trash. She s not being modest. She s being honest. This movie 
We Don t Care. I was optimistic for Greg Kinnear once. He was very funny ragging on Soap Soup. He usually plays the nice-guy second banana in film or a 
ugh, what drivel. I m a big Mann fan, and i even enjoy his not very good non noir or western films, thunder bay for instance. a great director, but 
 Every time a guy gets married, he gets divorced from his friends. . In the Edward Burns film The Groomsmen 5 males--friends since childhood--prepare for a wedding due to 
Want to waste 2 hours of your life - ignore this review !!. If you have bothered to read all the other reviews here, i think you will get the 
NOT SO NUTTY PROFESSOR. Yes, Eddie Murphy is amazingly chameleonic in this reworking of Jerry Lewis classic 1963 comedy. Unfortunately, Eddie s not totally funny in this crass update. If 
Just Another Heist Movie. &quot;Heist&quot; is, well, an heist movie like so many others. This one goes completely by the book and is uninspired at all levels. Gene Hackman gives 
Because I can t give it 0 stars. Here s a film where all the actors and actresses know they re funny, but somehow it doesn t traslate into a 
Not all that good. Not a huge fan of James Cagney or gangster movies, and nothing about White Heat has changed that opinion. Lame plot, corny dialogue, and just plain 
I hated this movie. I never read the book, but I hated the movie. The acting was weak, the dialog was elementary and the plot was unremarkable. Let s hope 
Ju Dou: Razor D. E. lo-fi remix. Ju Dou is a great movie, I d only previously seen it on VHS borrowed from the public library and was so looking 
Disappointed. I bought this video as something to throw in with my regular routine so I wouldn t get stuck in a plateau from not enough variation. Unfortunately, the routines 
DULL IMITATION. Helen Mirren imitated Queen Elizabeth rather than BEING her. This was a dull, boring movie, which gave us very little insight into the character of this woman. I 
can t tell much about the movie because the transfer is the pits. from what little i could make out,this may have been good. i can t say because this 
This is a poor remake. It really looks like it was done on a shoe string budget. The football scenes are lame. Sean s Maher s Brian Piccolo was not 
a comedy routine !. unwatchable !!!!!--over rated poet-- singers who sing off key---- aggrandizing this mediocrity is ludicrous---  
Rent It......Maybe. I watched this because it has Big Gipp from the Goodie Mobb in it. That is the high point, the movie is not very good. If your a 
Silly, Just Silly. There is only one word to describe this flick - SILLY. Good for 10 year olds and younger. Story weak. Acting mediocre. The action sequences look very 
0 STARS: In all honesty, this is a pretty sorry movie. Sadly, I ve seen worse. The Butcher is a low-budget slasher flick along the same lines as Wrong Turn 
poor quality. very poor audio quality. i still enjoy dan zanes songs on disney channel but this dvd is a different story. never played it again ever since it arrived 
Nothing but wasted time. I m of the opinion that King s books rarely translate well into movies, and this is no exception. Some of King s work is fantastic, 
Unnecessarily Epic... After 40 minutes of objective viewing, and shot after superfluous shot, I sat through another 30 minutes in pain. I ve come to the fairly well informed conclusion 
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ. Me and a female friend went and watched this one in the theater. I ... was ... bored ... out ... of ... my ... skull. After about a 
I love most of Bob Odenkirk s work... I think I ve seen almost everything Bob s been involved with and this just didn t do it for me. If 
Couldn t get into it.... I own a ton of workout dvd s and thought I might try this one due to the ten minute interval toning sections. I like 
Fluff for bubbleheads. Another lopez vehicle in other words people who think Jlo is the bomb will watch it no matter how many other fine movies are out there.It s 
This movie makes a 70 s geology documentary look good. Geez, with all the remakes of old horror flicks these days, I m losing faith in horror films altogether. This 
BALKAN BULLCRAP. Let s be up straight and honest. There is nothing really to recommend or like about this movie. Shot on a shoestring budget way back in 1994, BALKAN 
Stick with Willy Wonka. I could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern s classic - while the set design and special FX are state of the art, as usual for 
Horrible Audio, No Teaching. These other reviewers are kidding you.There are significant problems with this dvd.1. The audio on this dvd is horrible. It sounds like they are talking and 
Defective Recording. This recording is simply DEFECTIVE.It opens with a disclamer about the quality of the recording, and boy, they are not kidding!This is not a simple case of VHS 
just ok. Tyrese&Meagan Goode are the only performances in this film that work. but the film on a whole is real generic. it wants to be a modern day Bonnie&Clyde 
The enjoyableness level of Dr. Drake... This is just stupid.Now the first one I ll give 2 stars because it s so bad,it s good.But this is beyond that level.This 
Stateside is an absolute mess. It s a disjointed mish-mash. Oh boy. Where to start? First of all, I was mistaken to believe this was a romantic comedy. Stateside is 
A horrible ending to a horrible trilogy. I ve always loved the original trilogy, but these prequals are just awful. This episode 3 was probably the most dissapointing. I had 
Ridiculous!. Didn t like it; unbelievably a waste of time and talent  
Disturbing...Neurotic...A waste of good time. This film is deeply disturbing. Besides being utterly revolting, this film also leaves the viewer contemplating suicide after being submitted to such utter depravity and 
I haven t recieved this item yet. I ordered this item several months ago and its yet to arrive  
CRAP!. Don t waste a single penny on this movie! It was total crap!No plot what so every and the main character was horrible! My eyes are still burning from 
Bad Bad Bad. Bad Bad Bad WORST VILLAN WORST PLOT WORST ACTORS WORST SONG NOTHING WAS GOOD ABOUT IT!!!  
What a stupid movie. I really thought this was pretty lame movie, and in NO way a comparrison to Reservoir Dogs or Pulp Fiction the way one reviewer described. The 
Stick with Willy Wonka. I could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern s classic - while the set design and special FX are state of the art, as usual for 
Please enter a title for your review. This is as bad as Out Cold. I think most viewers, even if they just want dumb fun, will find this movie insulting 
This IS NOT a horror film, in fact it s not much at all. There is nothing frightening about weird noises, angry phone calls and a DJ who won t 
A very long political attack ad. I was trying to think of the best short description of what this is. Sure it s a propaganda film but that doesn t 
A slow drama, not for guys or die-hard horror fans. Ok, so I m a half hour into the movie, and I m falling asleep here on my couch. I 
Boring porno. I give it 3 stars for porn and -2 stars for a movie, therefore, collectively; you have your single star. By all means, I suggest you get yourself 
Do yourself a favor and read the book. A bad movie based on the best basketball book of all time. The basketball scenes are not realistic or interesting, I just 
AN INSULT TO ALL BLACK MEN ON ITS FACE - PERFECTLY VILE DVD. To answer another customer, YES UNFORTUNATELY I DID ACTUALLY SEE THE ENTIRE MOVIE FROM HIIDIOUS BEGINNING TO 
a fan of the first. this is by far the worst moive I ve seen. I LOVE the first secret garden. No one can do a sequel to a moive 
Movie is TOP - DVD is a FLOP!. This DVD gets only 2 stars because the 4:3 TV screen format of this DVD production is really ridiculous.But the movie is 
Much more bad than good. I ordered this DVD on the basis of some of the reviews - it was a big mistake. While Terry Dunn is very relaxing to 
Amazing Reviews!. I am amazed by all the 5 star reviews, how surreal! No really. I agree with the 1 star posts. The surreal life on MTV is a bit 
Not worth the price. I study Amazons in both the ancient world and in modern incarnations of the legends. You have to watch this movie without expectation of historical anything 
Poor Casting, Predictable Story. Firstly I must say how much I dislike Jennifer Lopez so attempting to watch this movie has been a struggle since it was first released however 
A Little Disappointing. Fat Girl is a daring and explicit film that tries to explore the confusion, anxiety, violence of teenage sexuality. It stars two sisters who are trying to 
Carp almost gets it back, yet loses it again. Pro-Life, a near hour-film for the Masters of Horror series on Showtime, is about a siege by three anti-abortionist boys and 
I have autism and this movie is so UNREAL IT STINKS!. If you are a die hard Bruce Willis fan this movie is for you. Bruce never fails at being 
Definitive portrayal of generation X for what that s worth . Many reviewers and critics said it best...what do you do when the hero of the film Ethan Hawke is 
NO STARS movie!. A director who has no idea how to film dance sequences? An important song transmuted into God knows what? Mis-casting galore? A female star without one iota 
Not worth seeing. George Segal is a good actor, but he is out of his element in this type of movie. He is much better in light-hearted movies like Fun 
Rent if you want to see, not a collectors item. These plays were okay, I m glad I rented them before buying them. The props and things were very nice, 
It killed an evening that needed to die, anyway. Thank God I borrowed this one from the library! Every time I saw a spinning propeller I thought of what my 
I love most of Bob Odenkirk s work... I think I ve seen almost everything Bob s been involved with and this just didn t do it for me. If 
Meh. The meta-story of this film was potentially interesting, but only before the gathering of the bad actors of the roundtable.One star each for Cross and Black, whose genuine talent 
Lies!. It is obvious that this movie is full of lies. Although I have not actually seen it, I know this to be true because I have seen many discussions 
BUY SOMETHING ELSE!. This movie was a major disappointment. The plot is awful. The dialogue stinks. The camera-work is amateurish, even by b-movie sleaze standards. It s poorly lit. The 
I like Lenny Bruce just fine, but... I always thought of Dustin Hoffman as Tootsie, which I haven t seen, and the movie producer from WAG THE DOG, which I 
not worth the time!!!!. this movie is such a bore that i sold it 2 hours after i watched it. not even lori singer was able to help this sad 
GARBAGE DISC WON T PLAY ON MY PS3 BLU-RAY PLAYER. If you intend to play this disc on a PS3 DO NOT PURCHASE IT. It doesn t work on the 
did they read the book??. while not one of his best novels, tommyknockers was much better than this waste of time! jimmy smits does his best,but the underwritten screenplay does 
It works, if you like formulaic garbage. On Demand , the service offered by many cable and satellite providers, is proving its worth. It s getting me to watch movies 
Average Jackie Film at Best. I say this because Jackie doesn t usually do wired Kung-Fu and this movie utilized that. It also utilized the sped up frame rate to 
Disappointed. I would love to review this Lions Gate DVD, but I can t catch one word in ten. It is NOT, as advertised, closed-captioned, and the characters speech is 
To basic. i bought this ballet 101 and 201. it is very ,very basic. i learned most of this stuff in 2 classes. i am glad i didnt buy this 
This is not what it seems. One reviewer wrote the review about the Super Ants ....this is not that movie.This movie staring Dean Cain bites big time, unless you like 
Think James Bond mixed in with a little Hentai. I really had big expectations going into this series. Reading the other reviews on here I thought that I was in 
Nice Cinematography, Shame About The Script. The film looks good. That cannot be denied. It looks stylish and is directed with flair. Unfortunately, the script plays out like it s 
WELL INTENTIONED, PERHAPS -- BUT SIGNIFICANTLY FLAWED. There are some good things about this film -- it gives audiences an idea of how insidious the Nazi propaganda machine was, for 
This just didn t do it for me. Maybe I loved the original one too much, but this version of the story did not work for me. I especially was 
Who wrote this?. Waste of time. I turned it off. The extra features were slightly interesting. The actual film was just a vehicle for the creators to show themselves dancing. 
I bought this DVD in september, 2006. But I have never received it. I bought this DVD in september, 2006. But I have never received it  
Poorly Made, Average Music, Some Above Average Actors.. Here is a list of the music that was used for the film in order of its use:Picture Perfect - PollynLinctus - 
Shame... I can not imagine anyone, who likes Traffic as much as I do, enjoying this crap. Don t expect to see these outstanding musicians doing their magic for more 
A Charming And Quirky Romantic Comedy-- Apartment 12 Delivers Everything Except Charm, Romance And Comedy. I have always admired Mark Ruffalo s indie sensibilities. He has had some high profile 
Save your time and money. This is another of the endless type of Hollywood movie that is lame, puerile, and stupid. I won t go into detail with examples of 
Someone please rip my eyes out... What if I had made a horror movie in high school? It would have gone something like this..My best friend Tara, an aspiring thespian 
Lust in aisle seven. If Jennifer Aniston s Friend Rachel Greene ever had a weird dream I could imagine it to be just like this minimum-waged, sex- changed variation of 
Poor Release of Movie. I found this movie very poor and totally a waste of my time. It s plot needs to be rewritten and it does not contain a 
DEAR MORONS AT PARAMOUNT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. My question for the Morons at Paramount is why do possibly glue the sticker seals the container with such strong stuff that you cannot avoid ruining 
Sooooo Bad. I took my 14 yr old grandson to see this and not only did I think this movie was bad, so did he. I think it should get 
Depends on what you want. If you want to see Mr. Milan demonstrate his personal rapport with animals, this DVD will fill the bill. However, if you are seeking advice 
URBAN CRAP. 99 mins of suck..good thing i don t have a life..some nudity eva mendes fun bags? definitely would have raised this movie another star..couldn t wait to look 
Good special effects, trite story line, mediochre acting. I haven t seen a Superman movie since the first Christopher Reeve flic back in the 80s, so I m probably behind 
Blade Trilogy Ending Deserves Better Than This !!. This movie smacks of sub-par quality. Unlike its two predecessors which are far superior, Blade III is plagued with a poor script, 
Soundtrack intolerable. I found the singing in the soundtrack so utterly intolerable that I had to quit watching this after about 20 of the video. The movie seemed like it 
A two hour music video for Que Sera Sera . I haven t seen the original Man , so I can only judge this movie on its own merits and 
A has-been. The reviewers here are rating the performer, not the show. Stritch looks haggard, sings horribly, and most of her stories are only interesting to her. A dreadful performance 
Not as bad as its reputation. A Night in Heaven opened in 1983 to terrible reviews and even worse box office. It was a mainstay on ten worst lists everywhere. 
Logo Imprint Compromises Presentation. I was thrilled when I first read that MLB Productions was finally issuing a DVD version of highlights of the Baltimore Orioles three World Series victories. 
I don t know how to explain this much suck.... This is just pathetic...Uwe Boll makes a better zombie film...really...They need to let this franchise die or find Russo & 
The dreams of youth are the regrets of maturity. In school you are sometimes asked to summarize extremely lengthy books into one or two sentences to evaluate your knowledge on 
Terrible. We struggled through this - luckily we didn t pay to see it. My stepdaughter owns it, and lent it to me. A waste of time  
Unbelievable rubbish pitched at 13 year olds. A number of talented actors walk through this sham, half awake. Motor cars, and tiny minds, poorly scripted, rubbish for the brain dead. 
Don t believe the hype. This effort shows it s age. In addition, there is a uncomfortable tone in the narration that smacks of a reliance on a pseudo-scientific method 
GREAT MOVIE!...but... I am writing neither to critique the movie nor to eplore the quality of the video or audio. I would simply like to warn potential buyers of the 
The ahem ...LESSER Farrelly film. Ok, check it out, there s two Jack Blacks. One is the guy from Tenacious D, you see him all the time. He s funny 
You ll Never Get Rich. This is not one of Fred s better efforts, the dancing is so so and Rita Hayworth is among his poorest dance partners. Lacks the 
I wanted to love this . . . This dark mystery wrapped around a school-days farce could have been a really great movie in somebody else s hands, but this 
Not Good. This is obviously an unauthorised film. A couple of English people with a handycam with nothing new to say  
Ive seen better ghosts movies then this. This film is just like the The Sixth Sense film. Both films have the same borring plot.THE BORRING PLOT.In the two movies they 
Why waste the cash. This is a poor excuse of a movie. The actors are less than right for these rolls. I will be selling this movie used if anyone 
It s no warning, it s Predictable!. When I saw the movie, it was so predictable. Halfway into it, the broadcasts were so lame as well as the so-called live-footage. 
The Passion of Ayn Rand s Haters. I was skeptical from the beginning about this movie seeing as how it was based on the ridiculous book by Barbara Branden and 
Branagh s Frankenstein. Having taught the book for some years and having admired Branagh s talents as well, I was excited to see what he did with the book. His 
not a good image. based on the novel with the same title by jean de berg. i am sorry: everything is unconvincing, the setting in paris, the actors except perhaps 
We all hated this film. I bought this DVD because a friend said it was one of the funniest films he had ever seen. We re still friends, but I 
Easy Come Easy Go should be for boats fans. If you got Elvis Presley and Dodie Marshall and put them in the same film you will have Easy Come Easy 
