Depth... One well fusioned album with a lot of depth! Mira Niar did know L. Subramaniam would give a strong backbone to her movie - no doubt about that! Like 
Another great Slater Film. Having seen parts of this film over a span of the last decade or so, without fully seeing all of it, I noticed this DVD on 
Would recommend to fans of independent film. Not a big fancy film, but very good for a small independent film. The cast as a whole gave a great performance; Jon 
The Folksmen Rule!!!. When Chevy Chase came back from Hollywood to host SNL in its second season, the other SNLers were mad at him. He was the only SNL player 
The Antidote to the American Myth. The is one of the best movies I have seen in years. It has been described as a movie about a dysfunctional family, but 
Arkin IS Clouseau. This is one of the better Inspector Clouseau movies. It is not as ridiculously silly as some of the others. Arkin gives a very credible and amicable 
 The Honor of God and The King . What a treat for moviegoers to see this magnificent film on the big screen again after 43 years. Originally released in 
Ladies Night. I cannot imagine a better Aida than this Met production performance from 1991. The sets and costumes spectacularly reflect the grandeur of Ancient Eqypt, and James Levine is 
FAMILY ENTERTAINMENT. NOW THIS IS A GREAT FAMILY MOVIE. NO NEED TO WORRY ABOUT ANYTHING YOUR CHILD SHOULDN T SEE. SIMPLY GREAT MUSIC AND ACTING. A MUST HAVE  
BATTLESTAR GALLACTICA WAS AHEAD OF ITS TIME!. This is the ten dollar offering of the pilot movie that started the epic series Battlestar Gallactica yes it is true that some 
Criterion presents a great package of a great film. Yes, this edition of Bicyle Thieves costs more than hot contemporary releases, but it is well worth it. You get a 
Good Wayne and Holden film. Decent Civil War film of supposedly true event. Wayne and Holden s characters well drawn. Wayne the troop leader and Holden, his regimental surgeon, clash 
A diamond in the rough. Spoilers ahead! Ashes and Diamonds begins on the day when World War II ended for Poland. A day which brought with it celebration but also 
A pirate you can t help but love. This movie entertained me as a child and still does today. Suzanne Pleshette & Dean Jones are great, but the constant scene 
Original, funny, and at times scary, a new take on horror. I was pleasently surprised by this movie when I saw it on the bigscreen, and now I m happy 
Not just the cookie. The first 15 min of this movie was stragely frighting beyound beleief. Because it is not a horror flick at this point, then it heads into 
The ties that bind--and break. Roger Michell s The Mother ranks with Cries and Whispers and Long Day s Journey Into Night as one of the most unpleasant, profoundly disturbing 
it came from outer space. I like the story line of this movie, but most of all I remember watching it when I was a kid of seven. It was 
Dying Young Moves Us with its Precious Life & Love Conquer All Meaning. I find it refreshing whenever Hollywood puts out atouching love story which involves real life situations.Beautiful performances 
A Murder Wrapped In A Social Message. It Still Holds Up. Perhaps the first of the social injustice movies Hollywood began turning out in the late Forties, Crossfire is one 
a great read for critical thinkers of the Christian faith. this book is a great tool for critical thinkers of the Christian faith. Ravi Zacharias delivers a compelling although often 
Nostalgic : . When an individual buys a movie, it is in order to watch it several times unless one is a reseller . So, to buy a comedy to 
One of My Favorite Disney Channel Original Movies. This movie was very good! The actors played their parts well, and the story is entertaining from beginning to end. It almost 
Give The Devil His Due!. A witch betrays her cult, & is sentenced to wear the Mask of Satan, a spiked facial enclosure bearing the image of The Prince of 
Murky atmospheric Western saga. Robert Altman s McCabe and Mrs. Miller is a gloomy, subdued tale of the Old West filmed with magnificent cinematography in the Pacific Northwest.Warren Beatty playing 
Jason , mother is talking to you. This is my 2nd favorite movie of all time next to from dusk till dawn . I dont know why but the cop 
A film you have to fully understand evolution to fully get. Having read tons of books and articles on the subject of evolution I understand this film very much. I 
Psychological Thriller. This movie did a good job of presenting the trials and tribulations of acceptance. I honestly felt bad for the badguys at some points in the movie. The 
Very Funny. I saw this on tv and loved it, so i had to buy it  
best Jackie Chan movie ever. Amazing. I have seen this movie at least a dozen times and it is still amazing. There is so much action, so much choreography that 
Wonderful Film. If you like Robert Altman or Van Gogh, see this movie; if you like Robert Altman AND Van Gogh, buy this movie  
ONE OF CHRIS FUNNIEST MOVIES!!. Besides FRIDAY and RUSH HOUR, this has got to be ONE of Chris best performances on film or DVD.I bought this movie a long time 
Joe Spinell will give you nightmares, Highly Realistic and scary. Maniac is one of those movies that make me want to take a bath after I watch it because I 
A denture-rattling live performance. This is Faith No More at their absolute best. A smashing live performance that runs thru their pre-1991 hits, culminating with a mind-blowing cover of Black 
...When I was very small... This episode of Star Trek, The Man Trap is my earliest memory of what would become a lifelong enjoyment of the franchise. Truthfully, The Man 
God said to Abraham Kill me a son . The wind is in the thorn tree.Yep, there is nothing exceptional to this Rambo formula remake. They use all the same 
Love of Love at First Bite. I have likes this movie for years. When I saw that I could purchase it, I was delighted. It is a very hard movie 
Unique and Enthralling. From the start, I blatantly refuse to compare this film to Huston s Moulin Rouge - these are two distinctly seperate works, and though their subject might 
Five stars for 1988, No, thanks to 2005. Here s my favorite Peckinpah. I m throwing my two-bits to the 1988 version, which is slower, more elegaic, quietly building power. 
A Classic 80 s Movie. Nicholas Cage and Deborah Foreman star in this great movie from the 80 s about a girl from the Valley and a guy from Hollywood. 
A classic that ranks among the greatest of black comedies. It is easy to understand why they changed everything but the bare premise of this movie for the 1984 remake. 
One of the greatest episodes. This was one of Stargate SG-1 s funniest episode ever. You get to finally see The FURLINGS for the first time, too bad it took 
 Sometimes its not enough merely to teach. One has to punish, as well. . Few films come along that I watch and say Yeah, that s exactly right. That 
A Case Involving an Intriguing Lady!!. This movie is based on the story The Disappearance of Lady Frances Carfax 1911 written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 1859 to 1930 .Sherlock 
I love this movie. This movie came out when I was twelve and I have been in love with it ever since. It brought me, a rural farm kid, the 
First and Best Doper Flick!. Very enjoyable to those with a Stoney point of view...and even sober folks such as my pop can enjoy this one....There is no mind blowing 
A missing baby new-year... and no Santa?. This is a must for anyone having young children. Children of all ages should enjoy this cartoon for the Christmas season. Children always 
A classic. This is a horror sci-fi masterpiece just watch it...This film reminded me of videodrome and the fly and a little bit of eraserhead it might not be up 
Brian Regan. First heard his stand-up on CD when I worked at Borders a few years back. Sometimes he gets a bit carried away a lotta comics tend to, though 
Great acting and deep emotions make this a must see!. This film is very moving. It will remind any viewer not to take their loved ones for granted. The film 
Excellent movie!. One of Jane Austen s best. The actors could not be any more perfect. Who can resist a young Laurence Olivier, and the beautiful Greer Garson  
Witty, funny movie gets the special treatment. It takes a loan shark leading the way to make Hollywood honest. Get Shorty returns in a new 2 disc Collector s Edition 
Best Special Effects Ive Seen In A While. I Will Give The Film 5 Stars For The Awesome Special Effects Story Line And Fight Scenes...If Your Into Really Good Special 
another good nicholson film. this is the story of two navy lifers who are given an assignment of transporting an 18-year old,for a petty theft,to prison.one of the lifers feels 
Interesting Film. I found this film very interesting and thought provoking. It is the perfect movie to watch on a dark raining night. Scary and it reminded me of a 
I loved it. What a great movie. good time you have watchign this one.Its a one of a kind movie.if your a star wars or star gate fan like my 
Unique Time-traveling Tale from Germany. People like me who lived through the fall of the Berlin Wall 1989 but were a little too young at the time to be paying 
dumb humor. if your into dumb humor...or watching artie lang trying to act in a PG 13 arena....this is a good bu  
The Rainmaker. It s a good story- it keeps the pace moving, and inserts nice little scenes of humor.And the best part? It s so close to the actual book. 
Love italian. I just love this movie from the Scenery to the story. Real poetry  
Doctor Who and the first Download. Doctor who materialised without his Tardis on this, my first timelord download in the amazon unbox, which is much larger on the inside than 
Space Adventure. Great movie, good actor s within, a real fun one for us who like the space type movies, worth to be added to your collection  
Una pachanga musical!. Si usted es aficionado a la cultura chicana, la msica swing de los aos cuarenta, o de los artistas Edward James Olmos o Lalo Guerrero, esta es 
Halloween fans love them all!. Sure it is no where near being as good as the original, but as a fan of the Halloween s I love them all including 
wanda s opinion. This is one of the greatest movies I have watched. I know I have probably watched the movie twenty times in the past. It has heart and 
When The Truth Hurts. What happens when little Max Reede Justin Cooper blows out the candles on his birthday cake and wishes his Dad couldn t lie anymore? Fletcher Jim 
I enjoyed the season premeir emensely. I enjoyed this series premier tremendously and am looking forward to watching the rest of the series. Enterprise started before I had my PVR 
AWESOME FEEL GOOD MOVIE!. THIS MOVIE IS AWESOME! I WISH MORE PEOPLE HAD A CHANCE TO SEE THIS IN THE THEATERS! I LOVED IT SO MUCH AFTER SEEING IT OVER 
Bloody amazing. When you consider the physical condition Olivier was in, his performance is pretty damn good. The supporting cast are mostly excellent, with Diana Rigg a standout as a 
Great Movie. This movie is top-notch hilarity, this is a must-own for Sandler fans or slapstick comedy fans. This movie is a classic in many ways and has a lot 
Rare Laserdiscs-dvds Movies Collector. Wild Style s one of my greatest movies ,I Own the dvd And you Should too...you wont regret addin it to your Collection :  
Used to teach. I used this movie as part of my Hispanic Heritage Month october lesson in the classroom. We did a study of Jaime Escalante and Salvador Dali. The 
Can I Have A Turn On Top?. Paraphrasing, this is what our hero asked the Devil, and what the Devil asked God, and what got him into this mess. Too 
The Batman Superman movie is really good!. The Batman Superman movie is really good! Batman Bruce Wane comes to Metropolis to make a business deal with Lex Luthor. Bruce Wayne 
A lot of fun!!!. I m a big fan at the serie and I enjoyed it agai  
 When The @& Did We Get Ice Cream?! . The Ringer is the kind of movie where, upon a quick glance, most people would assume is made strictly to 
Beautifully photographed-gets medieval on your ss. I tend to agree with the high praise here, but I have a few thoughts to add. First off, every shot is beautifully photographed 
AN ACE TO YOUR FACE. Lionel Barrymore shines in his interpretation of Stephen Ashe, a brilliant but alcoholic lawyer who succeeds in defending dashing gangster Ace Wilfong 30 year-old Gable 
Great. This is a very fun show and i enjoy watching it. i bought all the episodes available and they all worked great! its good to pay less to view 
This is the lesson that should be learned by everyone!. I think mankind needs to learn to stop taking the lives of everyone and everything for granted. Would it be 
I d throw the drowning man a life preserver.... Just finished watching this DVD. I m still trying to figure out what I saw.... I guess I ll have to 
One of the Top Three Movies of the 90 s. It s hard to describe what a great movie this was because there s so much that s great about 
HG WELLS. This is an amazing service! For only 2 bucks i can watch what i like for the moment. In this case it was HG WELLS. Great biography  
Love the new download!. I wanted it for my collection, however you can sift through all the youtube stuff and end up with the same video for free if you 
Classic James Cagney Performance In One Of The Landmark Gangster Films Of the Depression Era. Few performers have become so identified with one particular type of role as James Cagney 
Absolutely wonderful. especially for the hopeless romantics. James Caviezel shines as a man obsessed for revenege. The character arch of Danets youthful and unspoiled trust in people and friends to 
Madchester Madness. One of the best casts in a long long time, great british comedians such as steve coogan, peter kay, rob brydon, simon pegg. A very funny movies, based 
Passive-aggressive behavior & effects, fabulously acted. Books on passive-aggressive behavior often refer the reader to the 1944 movie Gaslight, where passive-aggressive behavior and its effects are splendidly acted by a 
 Sandy, do you wanna get laid? . Carnal Knowledge 1971 directed by Mike Nichols with Jack Nicholson, Art Garfunkel, Candice Bergen, Ann-Margret in an Oscar nominated performance as a 
Both movies worth the individual price. First of all, Sherlock Jr. is a classic. Even if you ve never heard of it, you know of it. It s the famous 
Kinda Cute, But. . . . . . The traveling plot seemed like a take-off of Trains, Planes, and Automobiles - traveling from NY to Savannah vs traveling from Chicago 
Great Service. We thought the tape was in excellent condition and the delivery service was very efficient  
If you build it, SHE will come!. First of all, I really need to ask, WHAT ON EARTH WAS SO BAD ABOUT THIS MOVIE?!?!? This was quite simply the Moulin 
Love the new download!. I wanted it for my collection, however you can sift through all the youtube stuff and end up with the same video for free if you 
Better than a cup of coffee!. I really enjoyed this video. I am very sluggish in the mornings and don t really have the time for a full workout because 
it was good..but not Jet s best.. it was an ight movie..had lots of action, pretty gory compared to other Jet li movies.. the movie has a cheesy plot..but the 
Lit my candle. Not following the recent Broadway scene very much, I wasn t really aware of what a sensation Rent was several years ago when it debuted. I became 
a great pegan to the original nosferatu and a very original take at the same time. the whole movie can be summed up in two words klaus kinski!! his take 
FANTASTIC. Me and my godchild love it. I remember reading Babar as a child and now I love watching the movie as an adult. There is the most wonderful fun 
Best of the BEST IS TOP NOTCH !. I will make it Short! Because I know people don t like long Reviews.This was one the best karate movie of all 
LOVE IT...I never tire of Xanadu. Xanadu I Love this movie, not only is Michael Beck beyond hot but Olivia Newton John is a delight to watch and hear as 
in a class by herself. when it comes to Action Films,Sex Appeal&amp;Drama Pam Grier gives it all.these films represent A WOMAN AHEAD OF HER TIME.WOnder WOman,Charlie s Angels Combined ain 
Poker Players Only?. There seems to be mixed reviews about this movie. One either likes it or has very little if any response. I m a poker player and I 
SWEET REVENGE. EVIL DEAD s director Sam Raimi, Tim Burton fave composer Danny Elfman and Oscar winner Frances McDormand contribute to elevate this comic book style vendetta drama. Liam Neeson 
Beautiful Film. Most likely this review will not be very helpful to anyone, but I wanted to comment on how beautifully done this film is. I am a long time 
Kiss Me Kate 1953. When two squabbling ex-marrieds are cast as squabbling Renanaissance romantics in a musical The Taming Of the Sherew 1952 , life imitates art , art imitates 
manical suspense that only CAINE can provide!. in this low budget thriller starring michael caine as an ad exec who s worked worked all his life to please everyone around 
It knocked me out of my chair. Being that this film was a parody of The Most Dangerous Game 1996 [says, TLA Video] and John Woo s yes, him Hard 
Profound Beautiful but little known film-Ellen Burstyn at her best. This is one of the most spiritual and beautiful films ever made, and it is by far the best work 
You gotta shop at Huckabees!. Crude language, Wild philosophy taken to an extreme. The attitudes and language are what makes this movie rated R. Even though it may seem like 
Not My Favorite Madonna, But Worth It. Dont get me wrong I love Madonna. She beautiful, provocative, talented, and all those things. But this is my least favorite concert, the 
A very human story of love and parenthood. Ok, I ll start off by saying that I m straight, and have loved this movie since the 80 s. It s 
The best romantic comedy drama of the 90 s!. People may say that My Best Friends Wedding was the best romantic comedy of the 90 s, but I have to 
Informative. Nice little video for my Zen during my long wait at the doctor s office. Confucius overcame many difficulties  
makes my buns hurt. i had this on VHS and enjoyed it very much. The dance routine can be tricky at first, but it gives your brain something to think 
Fab, mostly. Universal released the title in summer 2003 and returns with a collector s edition at the same price. The main upgrades are Dolby 5.1 audio and an audio 
Nostalgic : . When an individual buys a movie, it is in order to watch it several times unless one is a reseller . So, to buy a comedy to 
Pure Awesome. This movie was awesome on every level. It had a great cast, great story, and great effects. The transfer and sound on this dvd is top notch as 
Not for everybody. This movie certainly is different. I must say right off the bat thought it is not for everybody. It is the story of a woman who after 
The Way things should be. Anne of Green Gables shows how a combination of love, honesty, hard work, tolerance and integrity is the perfect mix for bringing out the best 
Possible #1 comedy. I believe this is easily in the top 5 comedies of all time. The lines are classic and Farley is hilarious. This is the kind of DVD 
The best historical war drama from the Far East. I have seen many historical war dramas from Far East mainly China s and most of them are not only historically 
Serious Science Fiction Shocker. Tuesday is Soylent Green Day.That ominous statement is delivered in the film as a kind of TV advertisement, an informational message aimed at the desperate denizens 
OH MY SWEET GOODNESS - AN IRRESISTIBLY IRRESISTIBLE COMEDY. Green Card is a MUST MUST MUST. One man is foreign and wants a green card to get into the United 
My man Dr Smith is a riot in this episode. Dr Smith and the Robot go hog wild, switching personalities and swapping insults. This is a great episode  
If Only.... Sometimes you watch a film and it inhabits you.... it gets under your skin. Ballad of a Soldier is such a film. And sometimes a work of art 
Awesome Episode!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Scooby Doo rocks! This was an awesome episode, and an awesome way to download some of the earlier episodes of Scooby. Fun stuff, and an inexpensive download  
One of the BEST movies EVER; a cult classic. I consider the plot, the actors, the acting, the special effects and believability to be all top-notch grade A1 quality. I 
Another good CSI:NY. Though CSI:NY is most least favorite of the three CSIs, they still manage to make a good one sometimes. This is one of those good ones  
Great Episode. This is the first episode where we really see the heart of Tony in his dealings with a teenager struggling with the horrible death of his father. A 
no title. Another movie with sniffling and Kleenex. Tom Hanks, as I foresaw in Big , is absolutely superb. Another comic, like Robin Williams and Bill Murray, with marvelous depths. 
COOL FLICK. This rocks!!! Well acted, Good Sound Track and the one thing I also love is it has that 80 s feel even though it came out in the 
Most Notorious Record Label Ever. If you re a fan of Tupac, Dr. Dre, Snoop Doggy Dogg, etc., you should watch this documentary on tha record label that made them 
BRAVO!. Pretty Village, Pretty Flame provides a rare glimpse and an objective account of the war in Bosnia-Herzegovina in the 1990 s. The movie tackles the brutality and complexity of 
The last picture show review. A fine picture about life in a small Texas town. Easily a classic if they would give the added footage back to the directo  
Its more than a sci-fi comedy !. Gremlins 2 should definately be considered a superior sequel. Everything about this movie is top notch and for B-flicks that usually is not 
Awesome!. I can watch this movie over and over....But who couldn t with Christian Bale in it!The gun battles and fight scenes are great.It is a must have  
A great addition to the farm. I bought this toy for my son to go w his Animal Sounds Farm. It s a great addition for the farm. He loves 
2274 my phat white uggly old 36 year sandled man foot!. I was an innocent babe of 6 when this movie came out and only just discovered it, ironically when 
A classic offbeat western. This is one of my all time favorite western movies. I recommend it to Paul Newman fans and western fans. Notable for first appearance of Victoria 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
Incredibly Moving. I originally saw this IMAX movie in Hawaii, at the Polynesian Cultural Center 3 years ago...and bought the soundtrack, always hoping to get the DVD. Much to my 
Uncle Buck Rocks!. Uncle Buck is absolutely hilarious, and no better actor then John Candy to play this role! Uncle Buck is a Slobby, Unorganized, Middle-Aged Man, and is asked 
Laugh out loud funny. I ve seen Stephen Lynch live, in this Comedy Central special, and heard his audio cds. Live is by far the best experience but this video 
upwardly mobile. I m no longer in the target audience for this movie. I realize that. I checked out this DVD not as a lame attempt to convince myself that 
Another kids movie being underrated by the adults. Wow some people take children s movies too seriously. I own Harriet the spy and i still love it the same since 
JASON & THE ARGONAUTS. Very good fantasy movie. Excellent special effects.VERNON KESTLE  
Great for all fitness levels. I am 50 and have done some form of exercise since I was 25 years old. For about a three or four year period I 
 If they want a witch, I ll give em a witch. . This movie touched me in so many ways. To see the talented Sigourney Weaver play the part 
I Want to hold the baby!. I love this DVD it is so funny you get to see thumbsons watching the movie s . I love thumbtanic that is a 
The art of gore. I ve seen a lot of really bloody, disgusting, sleazy, icky, and all-round untidy films in my day, and they ve worked and failed on every 
There are no other cases. This is the case!. That was Paul Newman s response to Jack Warden, as Warden massages Mr. Newman s back and tries to assuage him 
Buuuuuuuddddddy. Before yesterday I had seen just about every Pauly Shore movie but this one. This has to be one of Pauly Shores best works. Yea he s cheesy looking 
 Alright ladies....lets play the name game . Reform School girls is an over the top woman in prison cult classic that is FUN FUN FUN to watch. I watched 
In the true spirit of Len Deighton. thoroughly enjoyable. Caine is the aged Palmer in the spirit of Len Deighton s working class spy. Cliche, yes! but who would want 
What happened to this edition?. What happened to the Backbeat Special Edition? Did it ever come out? I had preordered it from Amazon but it never shipped -- it went 
How True It Is. I saw this film in New York City where else and will buy the DVD since this is one superb film. I doubt if anyone can 
I wish we could give 6 stars - &quot;a really big shoe&quot;. I taped these performances on my old monaural reel-to-reel back in 1964. The recorder and tapes are long 
If this one doesn t touch you... You re pure ice. The film, while admittedly not ringing true in spots via dialogue or circumstance, is nonetheless engaging, touching, and emotionally 
Makes me laugh when I see the box!. I will make this short. Aykroyd, Candy two men who are hilarious together is of course hilarious. The story is about a 
Great. Given as a xmas present. My daughter was very happy. Thanks for the speedy delivery  
One of the best 1980 s B movies!. Private school for Girls is a really Cheesy B movie from the 1980 s starring Pheobe Cates who starred in such greats 
Animagic Holiday fun from Rankin Bass. Another stop-motion Animagic hit from the holiday entertainers, of Rankin Bass Studios, the kings of holiday TV specials. This 1 hour show was released 
Judith Brown & Pam Grier!. What a combo. Ladies in Prison movies is the best idea next to breast implants, and we all know Pammy don t need those. Nudity, 
Like others wrote... ...This is THE best hip-hop with break dancing as a main point. Krush Groove is THE best for just the music side movie ever! REAL rappers, REAL 
this is a good movie. A guy name Tobie who is from China he is fighting a bunch of chinese guys but they don t want to kill him cause 
A great gift for a little boy!. My 4-year old son loves watching this movie with his Dad. This movie is heaven for boys of all ages. Space ships and 
I AM TOTALLY A GROUPIE OF THIS MOVIE. I ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS MOVIE. I STUMBLED UPON IT LATE ON HBO ONE NIGHT AND HAD TO HAVE IT. IF YOU ARE 
Awfully Funny. After accusing each other of infidelity, Jerry and Lucy impulsively decide to divorce. They have to wait until the divorce is final, but in the meantime each begins 
Groundbreaking Achievement. Franco Zefferelli s Jesus of Nazareth has many boasting rights. Authenticity and loftiness are presented at the right moments; the acting is good throughout; and the stirring crowd 
One of the most powerful documentaries ever made. To start off, the criticism that this film is too one-sided or has an agenda , demonstrates a lack of understanding of 
It was Jessica all along!. Hey guys! We are not plugging this movie well enough. If my wife didn t give me this for a birthday or something and I 
Just as great as the TV episodes. The great thing about this movie version is that all the original voices of Clifford John Ritter , Emily Elizabeth, Cleo, and T-Bone 
Bitterly funny indy film about love and lust. This is a terrific little overlooked film, worth watching with your mate especially if you re having problems! Themes of jealousy and 
One of sandra s best films. 16th april 2004. Ben affleck is one of my best actors, and so is sandra bullock. I really enjoyed this film,it was kind of 
Great on Many Levels. This is one of the great Westerns: strong cast in every role, straighforward plot, glorious locale, and lots of hard riding and fast shooting. For fun, 
Pretty good despite cheesy title. It s 1961; the USSR has finally finished its nuclear powered submarine and is ready to deploy it off the East coast of the United 
Classic James Cagney Performance In One Of The Landmark Gangster Films Of the Depression Era. Few performers have become so identified with one particular type of role as James Cagney 
Prisoner of the Mountains. The movie brought the Chechan Conflict into perspective for me. Two Russian soldiers, a seasoned fighter Sasha and a new trainee Vanya, are captured by a 
Enjoyable Movie. Very cute movie with a good story line and moral.My kids have watched this many, many times.Has catchy songs for the kids to sing along with.I have recommended 
Plot twists I didn t see coming. Morgan Freeman as Alex Cross...Doesn t get much better than that. Monica Potter ...well, look up cute in the dictionary..Her picture is there. 
Wow!!!. Possibly the most powerful documentary ever! Never could I imagine in the U.S.A., the most developed country in the world, i d see people working or living in the 
Brian Regan. First heard his stand-up on CD when I worked at Borders a few years back. Sometimes he gets a bit carried away a lotta comics tend to, though 
A fast-paced, different type of thriller. 15 Minutes is worth the money. It probably will not be the number one DVD in your collection, but you re sure to go 
A movie. The movie was very good from start to finish. The acting was great, and the movie was full of suspense. Don t let the cheap price fool you. 
Scorsese Over All!. I didn t think much of the Woody Allen segment although he s one of my favorite filmmakers and I hated the Coppola piece but I m 
A raw look at the fab 5 . Before The Beatles changed the world of music, they were a scruffy rock n roll five piece. Lennon and McCartney were already 
Drop in on a dying culture. If you are interested in Gypsy music and dance this is an incredible look at the culture, sans boring narration blah blah. Because Mr. 
An Antti Keisala Comment: A Nine-Film Retrospective About Love - Resnais. With WKW s In The Mood For Love I anticipated this comment a little.I am like any other and 
Riveting and disturbing. Hearing the -- and I cannot think of a more appropriate word for it -- bigoted assertions of the deaf-community individuals regarding cochlear implants for their children, 
 Intriguing . This was a great movie. Kept me in suspense. Buy it.  
Great Place to Learn about the Older Jazz. This series is fantastic. Many reviewers have criticized it as being dogmatic in its pandering to earlier styles of jazz while panning 
Great classic for a great price. With a cable modem, took about 1 hour and 15 minutes to download Unbox, install the program and download the episode. It s a 
Charming classic... I remember this movie from my childhood. I remember seeing in theaters when it was first released back in 1977 and I remember it being a huge hit. 
The story of king david. I didn t hear much about this movie, but just recently I saw this movie on cinamax to see pretty much see propably DMX s 
Good Movie if not compared to book. If you are a fan of the book Girl you will probably not enjoy this movie. The movie leaves out much of the 
One of the best movies ever made, one of the best DVDs ever made. Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid is one of the best films ever made and Fox 
I ve got a Jones for Love Jones. This is one of my absolute favorites and if you have never seen you must. A beautiful love story that shows you 
Doris Does It Again. Without the charm of Day,this film would fall flat,however it is not the case with this musical.Doris plays showgirl Ethel Dynamite Jackson,who is mistakenly offered the 
A DVD of Memories. This item is another hurricane replacement item. Lord of the Dance is the single greatest live dance performance ever caught on disk. It graps you and 
WHOA!! NOW AVAILABLE IN THE USA!!!. Heads up to all John Wayne John Ford fans!!3 GODFATHERS is now available on DVD exclusively in Target Stores not available online - just 
Bring tissues!. You ll need them, because you re going to laugh as hard as you cry. I loved the books as a girl, and I adore this movie, and 
just a minor correction. Mrs. Kennedy was not trying to help the Secret Service Agent when she crawled out onto the trunk. She was trying to recover part of her 
Great opening sequence with Drew Barrymore. I ll keep this review short. Scream is probably one of the best teen slasher films to come from the 90 s forget Urban 
God s tender mercies. Excellent film. Wonderful acting. Outstanding script about grace and redemption. One of my all time favorites  
Pink not Blue. One of the better old comedies that Cary Grant is true blue even if his sub isn t  
Set it Off. I have never seen such powerful female characters before, each one had their own dynamic personality and tragic reason for entering a life of crime by robbing 
4-star hotel. Basically a filmed play - but so what? It is a production. So was Driving Miss Daisy a play with just three actors.The essence to the play is 
Labyrinth - fantasy and fun. The Labyrinth is a delightful movie of fantasy and fun for all ages to enjoy. This has always been one of my favorite films, and 
Golden Oldie. In the days of the Arcades there was a good movie that came out and funny enough had a great Arcade game called Krull. Now mind you, I 
Epic Korean Drama. Koreans honor their greatest military hero in this epic drama which takes place in the late 1500s. The career and tactics of this Admiral are still studied 
Movie & book a great mix. This was a book club selection and I had a hard time with the language while just reading, so I got this movie and 
A missing baby new-year... and no Santa?. This is a must for anyone having young children. Children of all ages should enjoy this cartoon for the Christmas season. Children always 
Absolutely riveting!. No this isn t Courtney of Friends, but once you get past that - this is MUST WATCH TV! While the show has content that can be shocking, 
Beautiful Funny Movie...Great Grusin Score!. After revisiting this Beatty masterpiece, I agree with everything in the other reviews. This is in my top 10 movies and definately number 1 or 
A Great Ballet In A Brilliant New Light. Hold on to your lids, kids, a traditional Swan Lake this is not. Matthew Bourne, probably Britain s greatest younger choreographer, has 
Daniel Deronda discovers his Destiny. Daniel Deronda is a fascinating character study as it relates to a man faced with two seemingly impossible challenges. He must realize his true calling 
It s a Dancehall Thing!. My husband and I have watched this movie at least 20 times. My husband liked it so much that he can even recite some parts 
Gold Mirror Vision-the ark. Gold Mirror Vision is the lost ark of the covenant Indy. I know your reading this as it is being written by the hand of God. 
The first in a series of six to date Pink Panther movies, that inspired a very funny cartoon!. Pete Sellers first role as Chief InspectorClouseau. He drives women and his 
An uncomplicated, straight-ahead B&W action film. A classic, old-fashioned adventure flick, featuring Ronald Coleman as a dashing young Englishman on vacation in a nameless Central European backwater. When an attempted 
Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST!. The Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST drama I have seen ever. Korean, American, doesn t matter! This is better than anything 
Great film, not so great picture quality. This is my favourite Godard film, deserving 5 stars for sure, but the picture quality on this version isn t that great - 
LADYHAWKE and TIMELINE both produced and directed by Richard Donner. Novel by Crichton...All equal WINNER!. Director Richard Donner LADYHAWKE, SUPERMAN, LETHAL WEAPON I, II, III, IV, etc. leads an ensemble 
very touching documentary. we really enjoyed every minute of this wonderful documentary. i can highly recommend it  
CLASSIC COMEDY IS STILL GREAT. I love this film! The cast s comic timing is so good, you ll be doubled over laughing! The DVD could use an upgrade though. 
This DVD release fills me with inertia! . Bedazzled is my personal favorite film, and although it is not always laugh-out-loud funny, it consistently surprises the viewer with its wit 
Van Damme still has it. This film, though not a hit, proved to people that Van Damme was back in shape and could still the Van Damme thing, which is 
Awesome. You know, I wanted to see this because it was nominated for best picture but in a weird way my expectations were not that high. I anticipated a somewhat 
You Yanks can t do this stuff!. Mind, I could nt get it on DVD or VHS back in so-called enlightened Europe! I had to go to America to buy 
Murder mystery musical. 8 women is a good musical murder mystery with humor, light heartedness and mystery. It combines a bunch of the best French actrices, and an enjoyable plot. 
Worth a roll of the dice. The varied reactions to this movie by other reviewers are interesting, but nonetheless surprise me. De gustibus and all that, I suppose.Released in 1987 
Un box Revisited. This Amazon unbox is not fully developed or has a lot of bugs in it. They should pull it until they get the bugs ironed out. Could 
Extraordinary. A little known documentary that is both entertaining and informative. Touching first hand accounts and rare footage that give an extraordinary look at both Mr. Welles and the Brazilian 
Saturday Night Cleaver... In 1974, a 12 year old girl is killed during a game of hide and seek. Six years later, someone has decided to avenge her death by 
really good. worth the money but dont think it is a feel good happy movieits about LIFE  
A Movie So Bad It s Good. This movie breaks some story rules, including introduction insertion of random new characters towards the end. Still, funny enoughfor a movie that seems 
A man. Goes to a place and he becomes the undead. Great horror movie  
The Unbearable Lightness of Being dvd. Heya - very speedy delivery thanks!The dvd works fine in a portable dvd player - but for some reason, disc 1 wont play in 
My man Dr Smith is a riot in this episode. Dr Smith and the Robot go hog wild, switching personalities and swapping insults. This is a great episode  
Lesser-known but top-notch video celebrating an obscure day. I cannot remember ever seeing this Peanuts video as a kid, but since my son is now thoroughly enjoying his discovery of 
One of the best. Having seen a great deal from the BBC made available on video, this is one of the best! The stories of three British families and their 
I love it... I am one of the few people I know who loves this movie. I think it is sweet, and weird, and funny. It does, however, require a 
His best flick. I ve never been a big Van Damme fan but I have to admit this movie is fun. It s another retelling of Kurasawa s classic Yojimbo 
Perfect late night movie. Basically this is a perfect zombie movie. It has everything you could want in one and MORE. I think the director really hit the mark on 
Very Original. Greek mythology was something I ve never paid much attention to. Having said that, I knew nothing about the legend of Orpheus and Eurydice. It wasn t until 
Great Film! Cooper, Stanwyck & the Professors... I paid with a gift card once and now I am Gift Card Recipient...sheesh.Anyway... Great film.Very excited to see it will be released 
What a movie. More hong kong action from the greats. You really should see this movie if you re into hong kong action. The shoot outs are great, and the 
HOW TOO FUNNY. I loved this movie!! I have a son currently serving our country in Afghanistan and I guess it just brought some fun into a very unfunny experience. 
DVD Please. I currently own this VHS version. But I would buy the DVD in a heartbeat if it were available. And of course wide screen please. With commentary if 
Taut film noir crime drama. Dana Andrews stars as hard boiled, belligerent detective Mark Dixon in the Otto Preminger produced and directed Where the Sidewalk Ends . Gene Tierney playing 
best kids action movie ever!. This has got to be the best kids action movie ever! I rented this moviefor a week and watched it 5 times and loved it. 
You wet socks, why are you crying? you should pull yourselves up.. It is one of the best movies I have ever watched. Amazingly funny sometimes,sometimes deeply heart breaking, just 
rich, beautiful movie with great performances. this is one of those rare movies that lives right at the edge of pretension and overambition but 100 nails it.where to start? the 
Most Underrated Christmas Movie. Whether it was because of a low budget or lack of major Hollywood star power, the writing and acting in this movie is phenominal and really 
No one s been able to live in it. It doesn t want people. One of the supposed reasons why ghosts remain in this world is that they were murdered, 
Possibly Renoir s finest film. La Bete Humaine is my favorite Renoir and one which tends to divide many of his critics and admirers. For me it s an exhilarating 
Great History. In the days before the batmobile, when Wayne Manor was a large suburban neighborhood home...Can it get better than that  
The best American movie on Interracial Romance period. After writing my review on Something New, people are going to assume I hate IR unions when that simply is not the 
A return to greatness for the world s best Rock Band. I never stopped being a U2 fan. However, I did not like the direction that band was going during 
As good as going to an AA meeting. This movie so reminded me of how messy things get when there are booze and pills. Among other things it perfectly captured 
Good choice for light entertainment. The musical was a virtual voyage back to my childhood when I saw it for the first time. My husband is no square and he 
Ingmar Bergman s Magic Flute... Magic, indeed!. This is another DVD I ve been looking for. There are many versions of Mozart s Magic Flute and this is the one 
Very Funny. I saw this on tv and loved it, so i had to buy it  
I enjoyed the season premeir emensely. I enjoyed this series premier tremendously and am looking forward to watching the rest of the series. Enterprise started before I had my PVR 
Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST!. The Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST drama I have seen ever. Korean, American, doesn t matter! This is better than anything 
Great Ski movie for the Ski Enthusiast!. I have seen this movie before.but unlike in the past,I didnt have to sit thru endless commercials..The DVD format is much better!And it 
Little Man Grows Large. Best movie I ve seen in years. Typecast dwarf emerges as big complex character as he moves from big city to small town and we find 
HG WELLS. This is an amazing service! For only 2 bucks i can watch what i like for the moment. In this case it was HG WELLS. Great biography  
Awesome 70 s Sci Fi. This is one of the best sci fi films from the 70 s--not to be missed  
You should know what you re getting into. By reading the movies discription you should somewhat know what you are getting into. It is hard to find this movie listed 
Choked- Up. Most reviews miss what was for me, as a child, the most inspiring portion of the film. I would choke -up at the final scene, when the crew 
The film is great - too bad they don t send new ones when you ask. This is a classic comedy and a must for those who are intersted in 
Great classic for a great price. With a cable modem, took about 1 hour and 15 minutes to download Unbox, install the program and download the episode. It s a 
Food for brain... do you have large appetite? . I think this ultimate movie is definitely for collection. Instead of renting it again and again to unlock the mysteries just 
Scooby Doo is awesome!. It was fun to watch the first episode of Scooby Doo High Rise Hair Raiser on my computer as a download with my kids. We go 
Great Buy!. It was a great buy! Got the movie in great time, and there wasn t a thing wrong with it! = Thanks  
It s all in the hands. Fine horror gem starring Peter Lorre doing what he does best: scaring the daylights out of viewers by going over the deep end into 
He s broken our window!!. The thing I like about Jeremy Brett s series of Sherlock Holmes adventures is not only his brilliant performance as Baker Street s famous &quot;unofficial&quot; 
Not just a cartoon!. This is a brilliant film! This is the first of what I like to refer to as The Disney Modern Classics along with Beauty & the 
Classic Romance. It is a real pleasure to see the widescreen format rather than the usually shown pan & scan.  
Heads-Up for Adoptive Families. I didn t know what this movie was about until we sat down to watch it with our 3-year-old son, who was adopted from Russia. I 
Best Picture? Absolutely!. This film represents the end of a time when witty dialogand insightful writing had a chance to make it to the bigscreen. Even though there s an 
Finally a cartoon that teens and adults can just enjoy. This is one of the best idea s in movie history and what s good about it is they got 
The best historical war drama from the Far East. I have seen many historical war dramas from Far East mainly China s and most of them are not only historically 
When Comes The End Of This Movie?. This is a very tedious movie about a female rancher played by Jane Fonda who is trying to eek out a living. At 
A pure Western with a great score... Gunfight at the O.K. Corral derives from one of the most celebrated shoot-outs in Western history in Tombstone, Arizona, on October 26, 1881... 
Nostalgic Simple Love Story. This movie is great - full of surprises and delightful scenes between a young British women and the rough jungle man she falls in love with. 
The Grey Zone. This is a film for those who seek reality without discounting the blackest realities imaginable. Based on a true story, this film takes you inside Aushwitz and 
Director s extra s alone make this DVD worthwhile. My wife is a fan of Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams and asked me to purchase the DVD. In addition to 
Superb. Backbeat is an excellent portrayal of the Hamburg phase of the early Beatles, and succeeds on every level. Although purportedly intended primarily to tell the story of fifth Beatle 
ZIGAZIGA-AH. This movie changed my life. The Spice Girls, as we all know have made huge strides in the feminist movement. And this movie just goes to show how when 
The Ten Commandments:. Decalogue 1987 directed by Krzysztof Kieslowski, heartbreaking, thoughtful, dark films - well written, masterfully directed - with great attention to the smallest details, and wonderfully acted.Decalogue 1 
hans christian andersen. Was a christmas present for my neice she loves the old Danny Kaye movies so it was the perfect addition for her collection  
I don t own many movies, but this is a must-have!. My husband and I do not own many movies, but this is one we bought right away. It is 
Love Triangle Thriller. Tangled is a smart and edgy thriller with a talented young cast.A college student, David Shawn Hatosy ,wakes in a hospital bed to tries to recall the 
Glad Disney Took A Chance. I m not in the habit of reviewing movies, but I m making an exception for this one because my kids love this movie, and 
Informative. This was my first download and it was free . The download performed well. The Mystery of Edgar Allan Poe was informative. It ran up to 50 minutes. This 
This film begs a question... With all of usual aforementioned accolades here, I saw the film as part of the university film series. As a deaf individual from Germany, I 
Real people. Human drama and feelings, disregard for stereotypes, great photography, action with reaction and great lesson in self acceptance is but a few of the elements that makes this 
Hepburn Thriller. This is a classic that is as great today as it was the day it was released 40 yrs. ago. They don t make them like this anymore 
Nice soap opera. I liked the mini series. Acting is good. Scenery lovely. Costuming is superb. Gives the viewer a real feel for the place and time.Unfortunately there are some 
a lyric tale of two exiles. Music is the center of Thewlis world and it is the center of the movie. You ll appreciate your sound system during this film 
THE BEGINING OF ONE OF THE MOST BEAUTIFULL CONTEMPORARY STORIES. Before the Beatles, Before Lennon-Mcartney there was Lennon-Stucliffe two working class boys from Liverpool that loved each other like brothers 
 Fall in behind the Major . You can read all about the behind things that went on during the making of this movie, so lets talk about the movie 
Facing the inevitable. When a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight, it concentrates his mind wonderfully - Samuel JohnsonMichael Keaton gives an effective and heart-felt performance 
WONDERFUL!!!. This is a great movie!!!! I loved the music, dancing, and the intense chemistry between the actors. I especially enjoyed the handsome, sexy Chayanne!!! He s an excellent singer, 
This is the best TV show I have ever watched!. This show has something for everyone. Characters you will fall in love with by the end of the pilot, gunfights, 
wonderful family program. Christy is one of my favorite tv series of all time. It is second only to Life Goes On. Kellie Martin shines as always. This particular episode 
The time comes for some to fade!. The elusive behavior of those golden years better known as the sweet bird of youth is depicted with a reality sense and certain 
Easy Come, Easy Go. simply marvelous to see him, the history very funny, but sincerly marvelous to see hi  
Martial Arts Filmography. This is an excellent video for collectors and enthusiasts. Those who plan to learn martial arts, should look elsewhere though.---http: www.geocities.com bjjamaltaOfficial Web Site of the Bushido 
 Everyone was burnt by the sun of the Bolshevik Revolution . Clearly one of the most visually stunning, intelligent, sophisticated films about life in Russia during the Stalinist years, 
Informative. This was my first download and it was free . The download performed well. The Mystery of Edgar Allan Poe was informative. It ran up to 50 minutes. This 
One wof the best horror MOVIES of ALL-TIME. OKAY let me start,the opening scene is a classic we all know it the killer asks Drew Berrymore What s your favorite 
Love Atlantis. I think this was a great spin off from stargate sg-1 which was starting to get stale even though I love watching it still.Love being able to download 
Informative. Nice little video for my Zen during my long wait at the doctor s office. Confucius overcame many difficulties  
Great Episode. This is the first episode where we really see the heart of Tony in his dealings with a teenager struggling with the horrible death of his father. A 
Not your run-of-the-mill film: eccentric, with a great cast of wacko characters. Dinklage is spectacular in this film. It s a pity that the roles in Hollywood for small people 
AWESOME!!!. this movie is one of the best i ve seen in years... if you re tired of the typical hollywood action films and prefer pure psychological suspense and highly 
Sergeant York is among my top 10 favourite movies!. This movie is among the top 10 of my favourite movies of all time!It not only honours the life and achievments 
One of the great performances in the best film about monastic life ever made. Audrey, without Givenchy, and only a portion of her face visible, few lines and much conflict 
a must see classic movie. This movie is great in several ways - all Audrey hepburn fans would love it. She shows that her talent is more than just a 
Oh Yes. The Killer is rightly considered one of the greatest action movies ever. Personally, my vote for greatest action movie would have to go to Aliens , but The 
Sibling Rivalry... Duane Bradley Kevin Van Hentenryck checks into the hotel Broslin in NYC w his incredibly deformed, psychic, and psychotic brother, Belial. Together, they plan on hunting down and 
Great classic for a great price. With a cable modem, took about 1 hour and 15 minutes to download Unbox, install the program and download the episode. It s a 
A Great Christmas Story. My daughter read this story in 2nd grade and now as a young working professional enjoyed it all over again. There is a lesson to be 
The best historical war drama from the Far East. I have seen many historical war dramas from Far East mainly China s and most of them are not only historically 
The fall & rise of Darth Vader. I love this film - it s my favorite next to Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back! I have to admit that I 
 You re just like them! . With a cast as strong as this one theres no wonder the film was a hit...I found myself wondering how they got all 
A Feast for the Eyes. The mid-1980s was a banner time for E.M. Forster fans. Two of his novels, A Passage to India and this, A Room with a View 
Un box Revisited. This Amazon unbox is not fully developed or has a lot of bugs in it. They should pull it until they get the bugs ironed out. Could 
Twisted Love Story. This movie is definitely a different kind of love story. It really surprised me the first time I saw it. It s a very honest movie that 
The perils of disconnection. Suicide Club is truly a Japanese statement. I enjoy Japanese films for the interesting glimpse into a psyche strongly influenced by a world of forced detachment 
Yellowbeard an under-rated film. Yellowbeard is a pirate film with a monty python feel. Good film  
The GREATEST documentary EVER!!!. I ve been a fan of Death Row Records since 1992, when they dropped the LEGENDARY album The Chronic by Dr.Dre, and later Snoop s LEGENDARY 
Mr. Incredible. Great movie!Delivery of the order came in good time.This 2-Disc Collector s Edition comes with some interesting extras.I found the offtakes blubbers to be in bad taste, but 
Warm and fuzzy. This one has one of those touching endings where you get to see that even Booth has a heart...well, more so than we already know. The ending 
Into The woods - DVD. The Quality of the DVD was excellent. Even th DVD Case was in excellent condition  
 Even the creator takes sides . This is the creation of the poem to engrave drama in the hearts of man, which culminates in the 18 day war between 
South Pacific is Terrific. I was most pleased with the new upgraded, remastered quality of this classic musical. The color and content were beautiful and clear. The extras were every 
Mark the Shark. Great insights; worth the time and money; wateched it many times and always see something ne  
Perfect love makes perfection in all. I find it odd that when reviewing the reviews of this film that people seem to either give it perfect or abysmal scores. The 
Another classic to love. I remember seeing this film when I was 12 or so with my Mom. It left an impression and I knew I would have to add 
Jason and the Argonauts. I loved it as a kid and I still love it as and adult. The special by effects by Ray Harryhausen are still excellent after all 
Obsessive obsession. To love that deeply that you constantly obsess about every aspect of your lover s life is maddening, literally. This couple appears to have a bond way beyond 
Worth every penny. This is a very enjoyable documentary. Ordinarily, I don t watch movies a second time. But this one is so good, I purchased it. This film follows 
Season 2. Stargate Atlantis is great. I like the idea of downloading the episodes, but put in all the seasons. Why leave out season 2?  
Great Movie about Dysfunctional Family at Christmas. What can you say about the ultimate dysfunctional family. King Henry keeps his wife locked in a castle miles away and only lets 
My Kind Of Movie!. I would like to say, I like this movie! I have always been the All-American type guy who likes the excitement of a good revenge film. 
Superior drama that shows how it s done. One of the best things about this film is found in the details. When Judd Hirsch, as the patriarch of a family 
Hellraiser 2: Hellbound. It was better then the first. It shows clips from the first to remind you, or if you never saw the first tell you what was important. 
The Cutting Edge - Gold Medal Edition. The fil is good and interesting, you can enjoy and pass the tim  
Good movie. This is a good movie that starts out as an adventure and slowly changes into a morality movie. I like it and think its setting is contemporary and 
Mr Chang and his Shangri-La. When I heard this film LOST HORIZON 1937 , was being painstakingly restored and with much more footage found in the vaults, after seeing some 
Sit down evil dead & dead alive!. Based on a story by H.P. Lovecraft, this campy send-up follows an egotistical medical student Jeffrey Combs who develops a serum that revives 
Hilarious Entertainment. My sister and I were flipping the channels late one dateless night in high school when we stopped on HBO and this movie was on. We laughed so 
GREAT MOVIE!!!. Overall the DVD was excellent and very much appropriate for young children. However, after a couple of months it had fallen to the back of his preference list. 
A funny dark comedy. This is funny. Martin Lawrence is hilarious. I loved when his car windows were broken in front of the police station. How funny  
Careful, no subs or close captioned!. Contrary to what the box and description here says this disc has NO subtitles or closed captions or whatever. The R2 neither.So again, don 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
Great !!. This is a Great way to enjoy this very rare japanese TV Shows. This is my first download and the Quality is very Good and I talking about 
When, Oh When?. When can we look for this movie on DVD in widescreen format withgood stereo sound? This is one of the few Elvis movies thathas not made it 
great dance movie. This is a nice movie. Not an Oscar winner, but very pleasant and no sex a virtue shortcoming depending on your point of view . I purchased 
I love the movie. The Spice Girls are the best!and if you are a Spice Fan than this is the movie for you.I love i  
Better than Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. Cinderella is the film that saved the Walt Disney Company.I don t want to tell the story because everyone knows the story 
What a Character!. Robert Evans has had a more interesting life than any character in his movies, and that is no small feat considering Evans is the man who produced 
Mock On!. More than 20 years old now and a little dated, Spinal Tap is still loads of fun with the mockumentary gang including Christopher Guest and Michael McKean who 
How Far We ve Come. When I watched this classic documentary, I couldn t help but think that if we ever had to get back to the level of living 
An excellent, original movie. The Bride Wore Black is not your typical French film. It keeps your attention throughout the whole film. I have never come across something quite like 
If you love trashy, cheapie horror oldies...... ....and you know who you are...... this one s for you!This is, hands down, one of the best of the stupid, tacky, impossibly 
A riveting cross-country ride with a serial killer. I don t know what it is I love most about Kalifornia. Perhaps that it s about a serial killer, or the 
Good old child hood memories FINALLYY!!!! ON DVD!!!!!!!!!!. When I was six I loved this film I used to watch it all the time when I was younger now I 
 Eddie Cruises . Dear Amazon,I was happy to receive a copy of Eddie and the Cruisers. It s a film I first saw 20 years ago or so and 
net to you. an anime must have. an introduction to an incredible movie series. It started the ghost in the shell stand alone complex.  
Old fashioned search for love story... If you re looking for exciting chase scenes, gratutious nudity, explicit sex scenes, and formulaic mega-spectacle, then this one is not for you. But, 
Love Atlantis. I think this was a great spin off from stargate sg-1 which was starting to get stale even though I love watching it still.Love being able to download 
Love the new download!. I wanted it for my collection, however you can sift through all the youtube stuff and end up with the same video for free if you 
HG WELLS. This is an amazing service! For only 2 bucks i can watch what i like for the moment. In this case it was HG WELLS. Great biography  
The best psycho-thriller since the Usual Suspects. A supurb roster of actors, headed by Tim Roth, bring to life this horrifying glimpse into the human mind and the psychoses of 
Master OF The rare LASERDISCs Movies. I have THREE FUGITIVES on LASERDISC And I bought The dvd too, A MUST SEE For Martin Short s Fans :  
Interesting Movie, but.... This is another american remake of the original Danish movie, starring Stellan Skarsgard, which is more interesting than this remake. I always wonder why, when Hollywood does 
See it to believe it. Celebi, the legendary pokemon, is considered the gaurdian of the forests. One day 40 years before Ash and his friends were born, a hunter nearly 
I enjoyed the season premeir emensely. I enjoyed this series premier tremendously and am looking forward to watching the rest of the series. Enterprise started before I had my PVR 
Un box Revisited. This Amazon unbox is not fully developed or has a lot of bugs in it. They should pull it until they get the bugs ironed out. Could 
Surprisingly very good. Sean Penn keeps popping up everywhere I turn. He s like an infectious disease that won t stop. He wasn t in his place in The Interpreter, 
Great quality. There is a good reason you d want to buy this from Amazon. The quality. Sure, you can watch it for free on CBS, but the quality isn 
Worth Every Minute. If you don t like to watch foreign films because of the subtitles, then you re depriving yourself of great tales such as this one. Every minute 
Decidely Nasty Insects with Funny Shoes... A nasty disease is ravaging the children of Manhattan. The only way to combat it anyone can think of it is to eradicate the 
The sun has been rising from the east since the beginning of time. There are very nice allegories in this movie. Daniel, as the physicist that he is, lacking essential 
Scooby Doo is awesome!. It was fun to watch the first episode of Scooby Doo High Rise Hair Raiser on my computer as a download with my kids. We go 
90 minute thrill ride. I am laughing at those 2 star reviews saying how AVP is destroying the Alien and Predator legacy because of its nonexistent plot. All I am 
Steve is the Best. Steve Martin is simply the funniest guy in show business. A great remake of a classic. No one can play characters the way Steve can and 
The History a Cult is Trying to Hide. I can see how current members of the Prem Rawat Maharaji cult wouldn t like this video, mostly because it shows a 
The last but not the least. Un Flic is the latest film of Jean-Pierre Melville, the famous French director of the 50s and 60s. It s the last but not 
Never Grow Up. What a good movie. After having to call it quits due to a shoulder injury, Coach Jim Morris took another approach to baseball, coaching. After taking over 
CONVICTS. THERE WAS VERY GOOD ACTING BY ALL THE STARS IN IT. THE STORY WAS A LITTLE SLOW. I LOVE ROBERT DUVALL IN ANY MOVIE THOUGH.  
If only there were more episodes. Firefly is a fantastic series. My wife and I watched the DVD set from and found ourselves rationing the episodes towards the end, because 
Wonderful!. When I saw the plot description, I wasn t sure I wanted to see this movie, but the reviews convinced me to give it a try. Am I glad 
Stompin good time. This group of folks can get music out of seemingly impossible objects including cutting vegetables as well as a deck of cards. A truly unique form of 
Women of the Covered Typewriter. Ginger won the Oscar for playing this part despite some stiff competition. She s decidedly out of character as a white-collar girl with an old 
It s more than a movie about jazz. Round Midnight is the most delicate, sensitive and deep movie I ve ever watched.It s a movie that goes much beyond jazz 
Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST!. The Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST drama I have seen ever. Korean, American, doesn t matter! This is better than anything 
Not quite purrfect, but close. This is one of those movies that you think to yourself - This wacked out stuff could entirely happen. Because honestly, this wacked out stuff 
From the director of PRISON ON FIRE 1 & 2. I wrote off Jean-Claude years ago as a has been, but after seeing his impressive performance in IN HELL I 
The Search For Shangri-La. This is an excellent documentary of Shangri-La and its elusive transcendental nature  
Good Stuff. Good movie, a mix of fun and lust. If you like classic naked girls this DVD is one of the ones you must have  
Cute, fun, Hilariously crazy!. This movie, I have seen back when it came out, and I loved it! I watched in alomost everyday, and vnever got tired of it! I 
Cutting Edge. Definately one of the best skating love stories ever. It s humerous and both actors play their parts so well  
Best Thing on Film Ever. This is one of the very few movies that both my wife and I love and have watched several times and never get sick of 
Great movie!. We certainly enjoyed this movie in the wonderful series of the Pokemon adventures. Must see  
Ridiculous! Completely Ridiculous!. OK, this film bombed at the theaters and I am guessing it was panned by the critics. HOWEVER, it has some of the funniest lines and scenes 
Still a Worthy Effort. Having always loved films from the 30 s, I ve recently re-discovered the delightful Norma Shearer. I find her to be quite a good actress, and 
I capture the castle. I loved it! Even though the book is much better than the movie, I still liked it. The scenery is gorgeous, the people are beautiful and 
an ironic delight of a movie. I first saw the movie when I was 17 years old and was smitten immediately by its dark, perverse humor, and especially the performance 
film noir classic. this movie is a must see for anyone who loves film noir of the 40 s. it s a story told in flashbacks, with twists and turns, 
Un box Revisited. This Amazon unbox is not fully developed or has a lot of bugs in it. They should pull it until they get the bugs ironed out. Could 
Only one question. My only question is - When can I buy season 2? This is the perfect medium to continue the most enjoyed show that TV execs killed this 
top drama series. Savour the wonderful premiere series of UPSTAIRS DOWNSTAIRS in this great DVD box set.The saga of the Bellamy family and their lively, loyal servants at 165 Eaton 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
Lorax - Fond Memories, Pontoffel - Wow.. We rented The Lorax because I realized I hadn t seen it since 1978 on a reel-to-reel tape in my elementary school library 
American freedom, democracy and equality. yes, you can see the principles of the merciful religion of christ, expounded by priests, politicians and generals, the innocence, courage and heroism of the 
How Could You Not Have seen this?. A Must for any Intelligent Person, Family or Library. Remember Innocence? The Fantasy Sequence is very Period the 50s , but worth every 
No harm, no foul. At first glance this would appear to be a VERY serious movie. The opening 1 2 hour or so reminded me of the movie BODY SHOTS, 
Doctor Who and the first Download. Doctor who materialised without his Tardis on this, my first timelord download in the amazon unbox, which is much larger on the inside than 
Great action pack movie. The movie has a good story to it & it s action pack from begining to end. I like all the people that play in it. 
The Very Best!!!. There s so much to preview in this show, that to share it all would take a couple of pages. However, the highlights are the music, the 
One of the best documentaries ever made!. I saw this documentary in the 90 s and it opened my eyes. Every human being on this earth should see this documentary 
colour. Inferno is a kind of eye candy. The colour create a special tone for this imagination story  
Pokemon will last forever. The movie is the next segment in the Pokemon movies which supplies everything on hopes and dreams of a pokemon warrior named Ash Ketchim and his 
Adorable!. Monkey Business is one of the cutest movies I have ever seen and it s just so funny to see Cary Grant and Ginger Rogers take the youth serum 
HG WELLS. This is an amazing service! For only 2 bucks i can watch what i like for the moment. In this case it was HG WELLS. Great biography  
Charlotte s Web. I ve purchased this book for my daughter who is almost 9 years old, I end up reading it before her. This book is great for growing 
No holds barred, irreverent, NOT for the easily offended. This has got to be the funniest, most warped show on cable today. It s the ultimate show about nothing - 
The Mighty mighty. I purchased this movie again because I lost my first copy. I used it as a follow up to the reading of the book by the same 
Funny,Funny,Funny. Even though this is about 4 years old, it is extremely halarious. I ve been waiting to see a good stand up comedy. The first 15 min is just 
Nice date night movie!. Add one part love story and one part baseball sports flick and you have a great date night movie! This is a wonderful movie to watch. 
Epic Korean Drama. Koreans honor their greatest military hero in this epic drama which takes place in the late 1500s. The career and tactics of this Admiral are still studied 
Excellent movie!!!. Great reminder of the time, very funny, great music,great actors, just worth it in every way  
Perfect love makes perfection in all. I find it odd that when reviewing the reviews of this film that people seem to either give it perfect or abysmal scores. The 
Talk about Christmas spirit... I really love Bones. It has everything: suspense, drama, humor, pretty people, fun storylines. I have yet to miss an episode, and even into Season 2 
THE best martial arts movie EVER !!!. What else could you expect from the belgian s... buy hey, jean-claude, at the premiere of cyborg you let me and my cousin 
Carl Sagan inspired many with his series Cosmos... It was a great experience for me to see the &quot;man behind Cosmos&quot;, a series that years ago changed my life  
Ain t spandex great?. This is an HBO remake of the original 50 s 50 footer. Naturally there had to be some adjustments for the new era. However it still 
Great Sci Fi. if you like sci fi, and enjoy a large scale presentation on a big home system , this movie is haunting, sad and powerful. i do not 
 Who Do You Say That I Am . The Greatest Story Ever Told had the very real potential of being one of the biggest disasters in motion picture history. 
Freaky Show. This movie is about a boy who gets badly insulted at a school dance in Junior High he ended up getting beaten up by a bunch of macho 
Blue Collar Comedy Tour Rides Again. Very funny but some of the Jokes are the same. Bill is alsome and does not repeat his jokes  
spectacular!. Though this movie is an edited version of the book, it captures the very essence of what Charlotte Bronte wrote in her classic epic drama. The moodiness and Movie 
very good. i was very pleased with this purchase .it came quickly and perfect shap  
All About Eve. This classic is one of the best movies ever. Bette Davis as the aging not so gracefully star with the wicked tongue. Thelma Ritter doing what she 
Funny,Funny,Funny. Even though this is about 4 years old, it is extremely halarious. I ve been waiting to see a good stand up comedy. The first 15 min is just 
Great ocean shots in the Bahamas. I grabbed this flick from the shelf on a very wet and miserable day at my local Target.... craving the Summer sun and needing 
excellent movie. this is a great movie, acting may be a little light, but the action and story make up for it  
Gripping and Intensive. Yes, it is a documentary and, yes, it is a monologue. Yes, he discusses the sex trade in Cambodia which is extemely explicit. But this is about 
To Gillian on her 37th Birthday. An easy to watch drama with some comedy that is sweet but thankfully not the over the top sweet these kinds of movies often 
Informative. This was my first download and it was free . The download performed well. The Mystery of Edgar Allan Poe was informative. It ran up to 50 minutes. This 
The Music Man. Robert Preston s version of The Music Man is the ONLY version - Matthew Broderick is NOT the Music Man!  
a great film. This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.The Shop On Main Street, known as Obchod na korze in what used to be Czechoslovakia, 
Brilliant. I am eleven and me and my younger four year old sister both think that the lizzie mcguire movie is one of the best films we have seen.Towards the 
A great piece of eye candy. I really loved this film. I m a sucker for B-style sci-fi films and am a regular with SciFi Channel flicks like this. Plus, 
Scary &amp; Funny In A Dark Way !. The acting performance by Jennifer Tilly was as bizarre and scary as it was funny in a dark way . Her schizophrenic 
An inspirational view of a dark topic. This book was a refreshing antidote to modern day bias. During a time when ideology and mechanics take precedence over truth and objectivity, 
don t look back - 1965. If you are a Dylan fan and don t own this, then run out and buy or order now. This is not to be 
Friendship, Fishing, and Fatherly Bonds. Captains Courageous begins with Harvey Freddie Bartholomew , a spoiled rich kid who uses bribes and cheats his way to getting what he wants. When 
Apocalypse Revealed. Folks, The Apocalypse is a retelling of the book of Revelation as received by the Apostle John, produced by Italian Radio TV. It is a very Catholic movie, 
BEST MOVIE OF THE 90 S. I SAW THIS MOVIE WHEN I WAS 16, AND I LOVED IT SINCE, BECAUSE IT REALLY DOES SCARE YOU AND THE FACT THAT IT 
Beware missing lobby cards. When Fox upgraded from Studio Classics to Cinema Classics brand, they upgraded the price too. What you get are a larger booklet insert, four lobby cards 
Better than it has every right to be. It s not a great movie, but it s a lot of fun. This is one of those movies that just catches 
The US government should be ashamed of lying to the world for more than 40 years. This movie describes the assassination of president J.F. Kennedy in Dallas, Nov 22 1963.The 
Fabulous show!. This was a great show. I can t say anything better than the other reviewers, so I ll just say that this tape is a low-cost alternative to 
Must be a Fellini Fan. You must be a true F. Fellini fan to enjoy this one. It is not as abstract as his other works, but a good documentary 
Flawless!. Delightful! Hilarious!How often do we get to see a perfect performance? We re closing in on a century of movies and, as we can see, it s pretty rare. 
 You Quacked At Your Teacher ~ Ducks Fly Together! . The Mighty Ducks released in 92 is probably the only film that can boast that its theatrical success launched 
Great. This is a very fun show and i enjoy watching it. i bought all the episodes available and they all worked great! its good to pay less to view 
this is an excellent workout. it was my first firm workout, and has been my springboard and the one i come back to since i bought it in 1997. Tracie 
 When s the future? . Spike Lee has said, in hindsight, that he d lost his abilities as a filmmaker between Do The Right Thing and Malcolm X. If 
Two & a Half Rooms Worth Seeing. Only the last two skits are worth seeing. The first one is nice because it has some nice ahem visuales but has a 
Sophisticated Comedy. The combination of Grant and Kerr is wonderful on the screen. I loved the mix of British humor and civility. Adding the dash of American brashness in Robert 
the postman. this was a very good movie. it had alot of action, a love story content and it had a bit of humor to it! i enjoyed it very 
State and Main, , The Old Water Mill or Without Title. This gem of a movie was probably not a blockbuster when released. The storyline is thin and almost non-existent, 
UNDERRATED LATE 80 S GEM ! Ya look n fa goosebumps?Watch this flick!. John Hough s AMERICAN GOTHIC is a brilliant little creep-fest & one of my childhood favorites. To 
Wonderful,Dedicating Movie!!!!!. Although I m labeled horror buff , I just had to write a review of this film depicting the life of famed Dr. Dian Fossey. Heads up to 
A Surprisingly Very Good Remake: American Style!. I have seen, La Femme Nikita, and it is a very good film. However, Point Of No Return, is also a very good 
Another good CSI:NY. Though CSI:NY is most least favorite of the three CSIs, they still manage to make a good one sometimes. This is one of those good ones  
 Can a still, mute image catch that forever? . Stephen Poliakoff s made-for-British television film Shooting the Past focuses on the fate of a remarkable photograph collection housed in 
Orwell was a futurist. I loved the book in an oddly fascinating way, and the same with the film. Although the film is not a blow by blow account from 
Really good truckin movie. Maximum Overdrive is not the greatest horror film to the average movie critic. But if u r like me u will enjoy this. I love it 
MASTER & COMMANDER Of The Silent Era. Having recently seen and thoroughly enjoyed MASTER & COMMANDER: THE FAR SIDE OF THE WORLD with Russell Crowe and its incredible depiction of 
FINNALY, AFTER 15 YEARS, I HAVE FOUND IT, WEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!. I LOVE THIS MOVIE, I GREW UP WITH THE CHUCK JONES KIPLING SERIES AND I LOVE IT BETTER THAN DISNY WHICH 
Offbeat 80s movie that still has charm. Vibes only lasted a few weeks at the box office before Critics tore it to shreds. No one at the time thought a 
 Brandy! Throw more brandy! . This movie is great if you want to spend your time being entertained, not dissecting the problems of the world, trying to follow multiple 
Amazing, Hilarious, Troubling, & Frightening. Some of the other reviews have said that the film is not editted properly and too slow . I m not a film-maker and cannot 
Excellent Family movie ~ Great gift idea !. I love this movie. It is a must see and a must have for any family movie collection. Love it so much 
Nostalgic : . When an individual buys a movie, it is in order to watch it several times unless one is a reseller . So, to buy a comedy to 
Propaganda, but very well done. Dziga Vertov s film is an amazing and quite daring foray into the realm of experimental cinema I say this with some reservations -- see 
Epic Korean Drama. Koreans honor their greatest military hero in this epic drama which takes place in the late 1500s. The career and tactics of this Admiral are still studied 
Rob Reiner s Best. The Princess Bride is 1 hour and 38 minutes of excellent entertainment. It is based on the book of the same name, which is worth checking 
Should We Mess With Movies?. Ever since the colorizing debate of a generation ago, this question has been asked over and over again.And we ve finally settled it, I hope. 
Undefeated. A Good movie;A John Wayne movie with a very nice cast, the usual Harry Carye Jr.Ben Johnson,John Agar,Paul Fix and many other great people. Especially from the time it 
Comment on movie: Empire of the Sun . I think we already did this... This is a classic historically-based movie. Educational in that I and probably many others did nt 
Treasurehouse. A haunting film, superbly directed, edited and acted, a source for cinema techniques we take for granted today, in short everything that the remake was not. For the film 
one of the best asian family film i have seen. Flawless and Beautifully Rieveting The Joy Luck Club has to be the best movie I have ever seen, and probably 
harold squared. The insatiable Bud Cort steals the show, but is only rivaled by the complex and theoretical plot. One can spend a few hours contemplating the exact allegorical comparisons 
Beethoven First As A Man, Later As A Legend. Daunting task it must have been to portray Ludwig van Beethoven, probably humanity s most talented individual from any field of 
Ellen Degeneres makes this movie!. I m so happy to see Ellen in a movie. All in all, the movie is full of romance and laughter. The all around cast 
Outstanding!. Blending music with ski snowboard video and travel this is a must see. If you dont want to go to a mountain afterwards then you have no soul. My 
[billionaire] Oprah Winfrey s favorite money guru - nuff said!. i ve given MANY of these away because...i have lived the life of an artist [translated: not made much money, 
Life Changing Experience!. The 1991 series of Dark Shadows that aired on NBC was a saving grace for me! As a 7 year old girl I stayed up late every 
Passport to laughter. This blissful flim is set im Miramont Place, Pimlico a district of South London . When an unexploded bomb left over from WW2 goes off, local shopkeeper 
 Unforgetable . Actually this film really deserves 10 stars! I first saw this movie on pay per view somewhere in the later part of the 90 s and you 
Fort Apache -- It exceeds The Searchers . This is the gem of the Wayne Ford Calvary trilogy, and I am delighted it s finally coming to DVD.But a question: 
BLUE GENE. Gene Hackman s electrifying performance dominates this adaptation of John Grisham s best selling novel. Hackman portrays Sam Cayhall, a man who s been on death row for 
Excellent! Simply Excellent. This episode embodies why I love this series. The bad guy is bad - and makes appearances throughout the series.And now, this episode offers some more understanding 
Truffaut s mad composition. This film is based on the life of Adele Hugo, from her diary, part of which was discovered in a historical Library Pierpont Morgan Library in 
Wonderful Movie!!!. This movie is one of my personal favorites. It shows how European immigrants in the early 20th century voluntarily became a part of our country culture, and how 
WONDERFUL!!!. This is probably Jackie Chan s best movie. It has it all; action, comic relief, and a great story line. Highly recommended to all fans of Jackie  
Wonderful love story. I thoroughly enjoyed Fire. I found it to be a lovely story of love and desire. Both actresses did a fine job in their roles. You will 
TO THINE OWN SELF BE TRUE... This is the film adaptation of a best selling novel of the same name by Lauren Weisberg. My daughter, who loved the book, was 
Absolutely wonderful. especially for the hopeless romantics. James Caviezel shines as a man obsessed for revenege. The character arch of Danets youthful and unspoiled trust in people and friends to 
Thank God for Richard Egan. Richard Egan makes this film watchable AND enjoyable. It is an interesting portrayal of this biblical story, and as he always did, Egan shines above 
Scotty Doesn t Know!. I LOVE this movie! I first saw it on HBO in a hotel room in Florida during a high school trip, and at that time I 
For dance lovers. Good movie to show people the difference between ballroom dance and fun dance. Best dance movie I ever seen  
Great show, Bad DVD. I loved the Davy Crockett Televised Series as a kid but these left a bit to be desired. The picture sometimes goes to a sepia tone 
Jon rules. Jon Bon Jovi proves he is multi talented. We know or you should know he s a fantastic singer and he demonstrates a pretty good acting ability in 
Simon and Garfunkel Old Friends. This concert is their best one on dvd in my opinion. The quality of sound and picture is good along with the fact that they 
Magnificent film!. This is fantastic! Great music, Great story, Awesome photography! I promise you will love this film  
Supercop 1992 . This film really should be called POlice Story 3: Supercop but anyway in this film Jackie s sidekick is Michelle Yoeh James Bond s sidekick in Tomorrow 
Who Knew A Honeymoon On 4 Wheels Could Be So Funny!!. The Long Long Trailer is the second Lucy movie I saw and it s probably my favorite one. With 
Even if you re not a fan of Westerns... ... you may want to give this one a go. I m amazed to realize that it s 37 years old; 
Not the best national lampoon s movie, funny moments, extreem exageration of dorm life. Taken at face value, Dorm Daze is an Exagerated view of dorm life for college kids, 
The Scariest Movie about Giant Bugs Ever. This is an excellent monster movie, pure and simple. It is not really campy or funny, but it manages to do something that 
the best movie ever. if you have not seen this movie you dont know what your missing. this is the best movie i have seen in years  
thinking man s or woman s erotica, and a solid noir. a sharp starring-role debut by susie porter and an unusual cinematic return by witness kelly mcgillis in this, certainly 
Still much to learn from this film..... It s been some time since this film first appeared at Sundance at the end of the 90 s but it does not 
A good movie. I enjoyed Running on Empty really because of River Phoenix. He is such an incredible actor and he really shows his acting skills in this movie. I 
Penelope Ann Miller and hormones. A ship that was supposed to transport some crates from South America to a museum seems to have a crew that lost their heads. The 
 Here s yum...here s the other yum...and here s yum-yum! . Ball Of Fire is one my favorite screwball romantic comedies. It was made towards the end of a 
New Holiday Kids Classic!. What a great movie -- moving, funny, and thoroughly entertaining. The kids come across and real, the acting is great particularly John Corbett and Stacy Edwards 
80 s Classic. The Breakfast Club, one of the best movies out there. Timless no matter what s your age or what year you were born in your sure to 
Romance and intrigue amid squalor and poverty. Guy Hamilton is an opportunistic Australian journalist looking to make his name in Indonesia so that he can go on to bigger and 
The best historical war drama from the Far East. I have seen many historical war dramas from Far East mainly China s and most of them are not only historically 
Epic Korean Drama. Koreans honor their greatest military hero in this epic drama which takes place in the late 1500s. The career and tactics of this Admiral are still studied 
What I learned after viewing Monte Walsh. Spoilers What I learned after viewing Monte WalshI believe that the movie, Monte Walsh tells me to strive for my desires and dreams 
Trapped in the cube. Cube is a cult hit. That basically means that it s good or innovative, but not many people know about it.Vincenzo Natali also creator of Cypher 
A story of a father and his daughter. This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.Late Spring, released in Japan as Banshun is about a widowed 
A Perfect Foil to The Devil wears Prada . I have loved this movie since I was a kid. It is a cute 60 s romantic comedy with fashion and 
Grim WW1 based anti-war flick. Errol Flynn, Basil Rathbone and David Niven star in the sobering 1938 film The Dawn Patrol which undoubtedly served as the model for the WW2 
Talk about Christmas spirit... I really love Bones. It has everything: suspense, drama, humor, pretty people, fun storylines. I have yet to miss an episode, and even into Season 2 
An emotional powerhouse. This film is a truly epic experience, the type of film that one doesn t see too much of anymore these days. Based on an autobiographical novel 
PLEASE BRING THIS SERIES OUT ON DVD!. Fabulous show. Amazes me the number of stupid TV series that are being pumped out in droves yet an intelligent, witty, entertaining, upstanding 
Fully entertaining..!. This is a great movie, there is nothing you can not like in this movie.Bruce willis as well as the rest of the cast did a good job 
Loved this movie!. I can honestly say, right off the bat, this is the only movie I ve ever seen that s so creepy, I have trouble watching it again...very 
Fabulous Bizet movie in english!. Wonderful way to hear Bizet s music and see the USA in the 40 s. And the actors are surperb  
Quite possibly the most emotionally profound film ever made. I won t go into plot sypnosis, as it s been detailed in previous reviews of the film; instead, I d 
It s Shania! - She Rocks From Start To Finish - Incredible. This video features her TV specials Winter Break & Come On Over. She is the only female artist 
Theme Song Information. The original theme song for this movie is Time and Tide it was written and performed by Paul Williams and is available on one of his CD 
Funny,Funny,Funny. Even though this is about 4 years old, it is extremely halarious. I ve been waiting to see a good stand up comedy. The first 15 min is just 
Slap-stick fun comedy. Absolute fun classic with classy slap-stick fun. Never a dull moment in this film. Really funny fun. They don t make them like this anymore. Fun for 
Much Ado About The Loves Of Our Past. Some people do make much ado about nothing, but maybe that s something. Maybe that s one thing more than nothing.Beatrice is 
Don Coscarelli, please make more films!!. Being a fan of the Phantasm films I was interested when I saw this reviewed in EMPIRE way back on its US Theatrical release 
Rambo Revisited. I don t mind that the idea of this movie was pretty much taken from Rambo, however, it would have been nice if the idea was improved upon. 
Tragedy and Compassion with a Wonderfully Comic Edge. There are a great many gay themed films available today, but when Longtime Companion was released, it was but one of a 
Ping Pong Match!. Phil Hartman is one of SNL s best, and this DVD does a fair job of capturing his talent, but, like most of these recent SNL DVD 
EXCELLENT MOVIE. Not a big box office success this is really a very good movie. Great performances from Michelle Pfeiffer, Colin Firth, Jessica Lange and Jason Robards.  
Something fresh and new for today s kids!. My children are pretty jaded when it comes to movies. They ve been raised on big-budget, high-tech, computer generated films like Shrek 
My man Dr Smith is a riot in this episode. Dr Smith and the Robot go hog wild, switching personalities and swapping insults. This is a great episode  
The Epitome of a Great Film. Walkabout is a film directed by Nicolas Roeg The Man Who Fell to Earth , and is frequently considered one of the greatest films 
S F CLASSIC. ANDROMEDA STRAIN WAS A GRATE MOVIE IF YOU LIKE THE OLDER SCIFI MOVIES. IF YOU HAVE NOT SEEN IT YET I WOULD RECOMEND YOU SEE IT. IT 
The Definitive Kieslowski. For most viewers, Three Colours was the entry point into Kieslowski s approach to cinema. A flair for ambiguity, challenges to morals, and intimate camera work were 
Excellent Romantic Comedy. This laid back romantic comedy from 1978 is a real treat, particularly because of the performances. Walter Matthau and Glenda Jackson were so wonderfully combustible in the 
gang tapes. i think this is the best movie i have seen in a while. if you arelooking for something new to watch this is the movie for you. i 
Strong story with memorable performances... Complex study of the dynamic effects of various family pressures that affect the characters...Sean Connery is excellent as the charismatic type who is irreverent, with 
Good Actors, Good Pilot. The Show s Pilot originally aired back in 1996 showing promise. For anyone that had a remote interest in Horror Scifi shows this show had them 
Arthur 10th anniversary show. This two parter commemorates the 10th anniversary of the Arthur show on PBS. It s nice, they could have gone cheesy and just recycled old footage 
Very Hilarious. Truely speaking, this is a very hilarious episode. Must see for every one  
The Magnificent Seven. This is the 7 from the TV series. Great movie - great western! The guys that play the 7 could not have been better protrayed by someone 
Preferred the Rummer Godden documentary in this DVD!. I watched everything on this DVD, and I am giving it a 5-star rating not for the film but rather for the 
 A Five-Star Double-Rated Astro-Navigatrix . The 1960 s were an era of terrifically beautiful actresses, ranging from Ursula Andress to the starlets of Hammer Film Productions. Among the highest 
Irresistable blend of attitude and style and content. The premise of the story is funny-- a village full of women factory workers who live crammed together in dorms needs men 
Definetely eirie!. The film keeps you at the edge of your seat. If you ve never seen it, you ll like it. Just the thought of an intelligent Alien life 
A Dysfunctional Woody Allen Prior to Therapy. I think Woody Allen is the best director currently in the business and I believe his serious-themed movies are the reason. He excells 
Solid entertainment. I am glad Best of the Best released on DVD. Even though it is only the 3rd and 4th of the series. The third one is about Tommy 
Dolores Claiborne. My Dvd came brand new and wrapped in plastic, it takes alittle longer but was worth the wai  
A Magical Film About Friendship In A Terrible Time. Louis Malle, one of the best directors to ever create film, gained his reputation through a series of semi-autobiographical films, films 
I know I shouldn t like this ... but I do. Yes, the movie is juvenile. Yes, the movie has some gross out moments. Yes, the plot is basic.But it 
Awesome. This film captures the art of courage and self esteem and that we all have a purpose in life despite the we way we were born. Herw we have 
Love my DVD. I am very happy with my DVD, it was in great condition, thank yo  
Old Movies. I have wanted this movie for a long time. It is one of my favorates. Also found the price not to bad  
Ghost Busters With A Kick. If You Love Any Kind Of Ghost Movies This Should Be A Definite Buy! This Movie Is Funny And Creepy At All The Right Moments 
Informative. Nice little video for my Zen during my long wait at the doctor s office. Confucius overcame many difficulties  
JFK: The Case for Conspiracy. This is the most definative presentation of all the Kennedy Assasination materials availble for review. By far the most factual. When all eyewitnesses are interviewed 
fabulous childhood memories brought back to me. Even though this cinderella does not have the modern day movie magic , in fact, the sets are pretty corny ...That does not 
Better Then I though It Was Going To Be. I really didn t think that Raquel Welch could hold her own in a western picture. However, as in the past 
Love and Dominance. Takuya loves Satsuki and Satsuki loves Takuya-at least until she finds out that that what Takuya really loves is being dominated and abused by her. Moonlight whispers 
Nausiating. I have never seen anything like what is contained in this documentary. I am forever changed. I bought the DVD to be enlightened about whatever it was the film 
One more time -- the greatest of all movies. It is impossible to overpraise this film on any dimension of quality. Visually, it is so rich that I have found 
Forgotten 80 s ... Hiding Out has been hiding out from the funny 80 s teen flicks. It has been lost in between the Brat Pack and John Hughes finest, 
Harry Block Lives in a Fellini Movie. An homage to Fellini with dream sequences in which Harry Block s fictional characters from his short stories interwine with his real-life characters, 
A great film about Van Gogh. Lust for Life based on Irving Stone s novel about Vincent Van Gogh 1853-1890 was filmed in 1956 and directed by Vincente Minnelli. Kirk 
An underrated gem. This underrated, highly entertaining satire boasts memorable performances, clever camera angles and a spirited production design. Look for a red-headed, scene-stealing Douglas Spain Walkout, Band of Brothers, 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
It is all a lie. Although it might seem like an odd starting point, the first time I heard of Kurosawa s Rashomon was when I read Iris Chang s 
Nice and awesome. I absolutely love Atlantis. From Ronon Dex, to Sheppard, and to all the faces. I d cry if Atlantis was cancelled. Seriously though, Steve should have never 
A Christmas Classic. For every season, there is a classic movie. In our house, A Christmas Story tops the list when Christmas rolls around. Without a doubt this movie is 
Gary Cooper s God & Country. This is one of the best American films ever. It stands out as a monument to America s greatest era. It has the most 
Reply to writer from San Marco, CA. Arsenal s home jersey s are red, but their away jersey s are yellow. Travelling fans will often wear their home jersey s 
Mis-matched friendship. Enough people have generally explained the plot, so I will not. Suffice it to say this is Mischa s best movie, and perhaps the best of any actors 
A Decent Film In Storytelling: Worth A Look!. To Live, does not hold the same appeal for me as it once did in the past. However, I do recommend viewers 
Kiefer Sutherland Keeps Control of &quot;Ground Control&quot;. I m not a ground controller, so I won t even try to analyze the technical aspects of this movie. I fully admit 
Curleycue 82 has it down!. I agree with you Curleycue 82. I couldn t wait to write a review to these people  
A must if you enjoyed Hartman s comedy. After all, this is very simple: you should have this if Phil Hartman made you laugh.Yes, some reviewers are correct, this DVD 
Enjoyable and fun!. I was skeptical when I first heard they were making a Freddy vs Jason movie. The chances of getting it totally wrong seemed quite high. After viewing 
The Day the Earth Stood Still. This is the original classic movie that everyone should see. The props and the technology of film making has advanced but the differences in 
An important story. This film opens and closes with footage from a Czech news program in 1998, talking about Righteous Gentile Nicholas Winton, who saved 669 children from the Nazis 
Magnificent. Truly an enjoyable sports movie! Redford is genuine in his portrayal of Roy Hobbs. This movie makes you wish it was based on a true story. It also causes 
the eiger sanction. I like this Eastwood movie; I always found myself watching it when it came on TV so I bought it  
I ENJOYED IT FOR WHAT IT WAS! ENTERTAINMENT --. Yup! just bought it for a chance to see some other Kiefer Sutherland movie. He does hold the movie together.And I 
The First Suitcase Bomb In Film. Wow, what a movie! This 1955 Robert Aldrich film is way ahead of its time. Not only in terms of subject matter, but stylistically. 
Love Story Secondary. This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It is certainly a love story, but for me this is only important in that love 
Nice and awesome. I absolutely love Atlantis. From Ronon Dex, to Sheppard, and to all the faces. I d cry if Atlantis was cancelled. Seriously though, Steve should have never 
The lesbian classic that raised the bar!. This is the definitive lesbian love story that launched the genre in a new direction. Out of the dirty bars and masculine flannel 
sweet story. my neighbor totoro is another film from the same guy who made howl s moving castle. it has the same kind of story and if you like how 
This animated series led to so much, the novels, movies and three other series. As a fan of the original Star Trek series, I was overjoyed when the animated series 
A powerful and moving story. I initially wanted to see this movie because I am a huge Oliver Martinez fan and I wanted to see more of his work. The 
Movie releasing in March 2007. Private school despite its weak story line is still one of my favorite 80 s movies. FYI - It is due to release on DVD 
Great Great Great !. This is mostly a showcase of Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan,Samo Hung and other greats.The fight are some the greatest ever made for the silver screen.If one 
re: best Batman animated crossover. I always loved cross-overs, especially in animation. The first teamup between Batman and Superman was as expected: filled with tension both over Lois Lane, and 
Good disaster movie. What I thought would be a another B movie turned out to be a good action flick. Good actors Annabella Sciorra, Michael Biehn and quite a few 
LOVE THE WORKOUT. THIS IS THE BEST WORKOUT I VE BEEN ABLE TO GET ON VIDEO! I VE HAD THIS VIDEO FOR A OVER A YEAR NOW AND I ALWAYS 
The STRONG should PROTECT the WEAK--or slaying the judicial bureaucratic Goliaths!. Paul Newman is great as a despairing, alcoholic David , once second in his law class, once part of 
Odd Story, Both Visually & Audibly Entertaining. Here s an extremely stylish, different film panned by almost all the professional critics which means here s another example of why they 
Nail on the Head. I first saw this in the theatre because I like Dennis Quaid and Scarlett Johansson. I had never really seen Topher Grace outside of That 70 
 Cube has a classicly well put together screenplay held back by poor acting. After reading the very positive reveiws of this late 90 s thriller I decided that it 
A Most Beautiful Film. This is a visually lovely, well acted, heartwarming, whimsical movie. We all loved it- my husband and I, my teenage daughter and our six year old 
Very Hilarious. Truely speaking, this is a very hilarious episode. Must see for every one  
Mongolians?. Ever wonder where the idea of the magic carpet ride comes from? Well look no further than Raoul Walsh and Douglas Fairbanks s The Thief of Bagdad. An amalgamation 
Another good CSI:NY. Though CSI:NY is most least favorite of the three CSIs, they still manage to make a good one sometimes. This is one of those good ones  
I enjoyed the season premeir emensely. I enjoyed this series premier tremendously and am looking forward to watching the rest of the series. Enterprise started before I had my PVR 
Very Depressing Tale. The title of this movie holds no secrets. The Virgin suicides may have its up and downs throughout the movie but the whole time the viewer is 
My boys picked this out and we all loved it. Ok , so this isn t the best movie ever made , it s still one slam bang adventure movie 
The Cutting Edge is a Cut Above. A working class Olympic hockey star is looking to turn pro when he gets a body slam that costs him peripheral vision and 
Better than another dumb reality show any day. I loved this show, everyones already mentioned the storyline, characters, etc. PLEASE, PLEASE put this on DVD. We NEED more shows like 
DeVito & Miller? - Yup, and now on DVD. This DVD is of pretty good quality, not remastered , but normal DVD quality, and it is in widescreen format, the 
 I forgot to tell you...if you catch any squirrels, give them to me. . Written by Joseph Minion After Hours, Vampire s Kiss and directed by Barry Shils Wigstock: 
My favorite B movie. Do not buy this movie if you are into crazy well done effects, good acting, or being affraid. This movie is absolutely hilarious! I have seen 
Angie toting a machine-gun. This can t get any better... Glorious trash-fest with Angie Dickinson reprising her role of hard-boiled gun-toting Wilma McClatchie, featuring Danielle Brisebois and Julie McCullough as 
Am I my Brothers Keeper?. I am a resident of Central New York and this story was very well known to everybody in these parts.If your reading this you probally 
Hepburn s Best. Others have reviewed this film extensively in this forum. Simply put, this was Audrey Hepburn s best performance, and should have brought her a second Oscar win 
Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST!. The Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST drama I have seen ever. Korean, American, doesn t matter! This is better than anything 
Fun for Everyone. This movie is pure fun. My whole family loved it. It s corny and the acting leaves you feeling like it s amatuer hour, but its fun 
It s funny, campy & interesting on several levels!. People are missing the comedy intended and not in their reviews. The script reportedly went through 3 writers and they shot 
A MUST SEE!!. This movie touches on many emotions. Great cast. I have watched it at least 50 times and never get tired of it  
Long waited DVD. Well, this is one of the long-waited DVDs from Pink Floyd.The video and sound are great. The extras are not so special but for the PF fan 
JAG: Lets have it all. I have been a fan since the pilot episode. I enjoy the well thought out plots and find Harm and co-stars to be delightful to 
Zola s tale of passionate doom done brilliantly by Renoir. A passionate story of illicit love that can only end tragically - and it does. Jean Gabin is a train 
A Classic. I never grew tired of this movie when it was released..... And i m still loving it. A great feel good movi  
Video in time for Valentine s. Since I ordered the video on February 13th - I was so impressed by how fast it arrived at my house!! Less than 24 
WOOOOOOOOOOOOW. I LOVE IT SOOOOO MUCH IT S THE BIG NEW THING ... CAN T WAIT 4 THE NEXT EPISODE..  
Jane as she should be portrayed. This is, in my opinion, the best Jane Eyre of them all. The characters look the part, and the film is beautifully shot and 
I Don t Agree With The New Yorker Review At All. This is a modern Greek trajedy. I m not a big film fan but this film reminds me why 
I love this movie!. Yeah it s low budget and yeah it doesn t have quite the novelty factor of the original since this is a sequel BUT taken on 
Great movie to satisfy all tastes. In Forbidden Games a capricious little girl named Paulette gets her parents killed, then meets Michel Dolle, a boy not much older than herself 
good parady. the best part of the film is when the charachter from Scream is in his costume getting high.for more stuff from the Wayans Brothers, check out In Living 
2274 my phat white uggly old 36 year sandled man foot!. I was an innocent babe of 6 when this movie came out and only just discovered it, ironically when 
Great money.... woops I mean it s Very funny. There are so many movies like Hot Shots, but this DVD is well worth the price. I would suggest everyone getting 
spike lee is the only person who could have made this movie. he s so earnest and unthreatening and funny. there will never be another movie like this. it is 
No s Amours. A Very good first class film,& very fast delivery service highly recommende  
Shining, Brilliant, Hysterical. I had heard of this movie years ago and thought the premise sounded funny, but never made any effort to see it. I happened to notice it 
Ozu, Most Japanese of the Japanese directors. Ozu has been called the most Japanese of all Japanese directors, and for good reason, he is. Ohayo Good Morning is Ozu at 
One of the Best Movies I ve Seen In a Long Time. Many reviewers on this site have said that they would want to see a film that focuses on 
Glamour s Underbelly Revealed. Boogie Nights does for the disco seventies and the porn industry what Nashville did to country music. It shows the underside of the glamour presented. The 
one of the best hockey movies ever. I love hockey and I loved hockey before I saw this movie. this movie did help bring a lot of people my age 
One of Ben Stiller s funniest films!. 12 year old Gerry Garner joins a group of heavy kids that are sent to their favorite fat camp for the summer, Camp 
Love the new download!. I wanted it for my collection, however you can sift through all the youtube stuff and end up with the same video for free if you 
Forget the Bible,. Seven Samurai is really the greatest story ever told! I won t go into why here because there are plenty of reviewers both here and elsewhere on 
Informative. Nice little video for my Zen during my long wait at the doctor s office. Confucius overcame many difficulties  
Boys Town. I have seen this movie in the past on TV and am familiar with the story line. I have also been to Visit Boys Town Since I have 
Better than I had expected!. Okay, I decided on this movie after a bit of apprehension. I mean, the only reasons I even considered watching it was because: 1. Jason 
Recommend this seller. DVD was in good condition. Shipping was prompt. I recommend this seller.  
Awesome abs!!. This video offers a great ab workout. I ve already worn out two videos and I am now on my third tape. I ve used this video for 
Better than 34th Street. I love this movie. Every year there is a 24-hour marathon on the television of this film and my family and I watch it at least 
Excellent drama with suprise ending. James Woods was great as a burned out I ll give this job one more try kind of character who risks his life to discover 
Very Good. As expected, this Yuen Woo Ping film is very good. Nice fight choreography and even includes a cameo by Simon Yuen. The hero is the same hero from 
Great movie. I actually just saw this movie recently, and I have to say it s definitely my favorite Christian Slater flick. The dialogue in this movie is incredible and 
&quot;In dreams I walk with you&quot;... Somehow I feel that if this film had been even stranger, it may have been more critically popular. Had it not bothered with as 
wanda s opinion. This is one of the greatest movies I have watched. I know I have probably watched the movie twenty times in the past. It has heart and 
Oh My Looorrrrdddd!! Bring out the tissues @}->---. What a beautiful and heartbreaking movie. When I first saw this at the theaters, I swear I wasn t only crying - 
Challenging Workout and Fun!. I ve had this tape for 10 years. I came online to get it in a DVD format before I destroy the tape that I ve 
Anti-John Wayne. This is one of those groundbreaking films that that put the whammy on a genre; in this case, the Western can never come back. Oaters traditionally are the 
A MASTERPIECE. This movie is truely one of the crowning achievements of the 90 s. Pauly Shore should have won the oscar. I wish there were more movies like this 
Wild. This is the best movie to watch with a teenager to bring your family together. Laugh, cry & laugh some more! Get it  
Witty, fun, real and relevant. We have a small group of women meeting once a week and reading this book. I love the way Liz starts each chapter by retelling 
It is all a lie. Although it might seem like an odd starting point, the first time I heard of Kurosawa s Rashomon was when I read Iris Chang s 
Great opener to a great series. I especially like the Maverick episodes that emphasize humor, and this one has many clever scenes. The highlight for me was seeing Bret sway 
Draws deeply from the well of man s most instinctual fears. Truth be told, I should probably give this film only four stars because it does take a while to 
The thief of Monte Carlo. A wonderful film by Hitchcock,King Of Mysteries.It ll forever be a classic.It draws through a virgin land of a French maritime in the 50 s.Apart 
The Hunger ~ Catherine Deneuve. I have been looking for this vampire movie for awhile. I love this movie and am glad I found it  
A Great Old Film. This is a funny movie. I saw the play recently and it was fun to see the original version. Highly recommended for anyone who remembers vaudeville 
Genius. Putting it simply, this film is the work of a genius. As a Tom Stoppard fanatic, I adored it from the moment I read the play, which was even 
Brings Old West Back to Life. Mario Van Peebles Posse brought a new perspective about the west. This was the first western in many years to feature a predominately African-American 
A memory of 30 years comes to life. I first saw this film when I was thirteen - perhaps even younger, as I recall seeing it in black and white. 
Fabulous as always. This is a great show along with the sound of her italian tour, and all of drowned world minus the sexual perversion. Her sound is rich on 
Toya s Review. This is my all time favorite movie. J Reed..damn I could not play his part. An undercover cop playing a drug dealer to bring down a huge 
Enough Ws . J Lo was real and intense in this movie. I ve been there, done part of that, and felt it was great to see the ending. Really 
Rest in Peace. This film is a stunning tribute to the memory of all the victims of this tragedy,and to all the heros who contributed to our triumph of the 
Passion of Mind entertwined with Passionate Bodies. The film is well titled and is full of intrigue and mis-direction, yet it always returns to its central theme of over arching 
Soylent Green - Pure Fantasy or Potential Reality. My watching this film resulted from a conversation with a friend beginning with politics and spiraling down to the future of our 
Great Movie. I have read Well s book and seen the older movie. That said, I love this movie. Guy Pearce is very convincing in his role.We see a man 
Best Movie for Children and Adults to enjoy together. My granddaughter absolutely loves this movie and she s only one year old. Not to mention that my husband and I 
Jane Eyre. I have this original version of Jane Eyre with Orson Welles. I fell in love with it as a young girl watching it on TV. It is truly 
The best movie of the 90 s. Word s can hardly desribe the genius film. It is without a doubt the peak of mystery, romance, action and pure cinematic brilliance!The 
This model is not soft!!!!. I took a lot of time researching work out videos. I had read an article about Cindy Crawford having her baby completely natuarl with a 
A Different Travolta movie. This is a little different that what some may expect from Travolta. Enough action and twists to keep it interesting.  
GREAT HORROR FLICK!!!!!!!. April Fool s Day is a great horror flick from the decade that bought us wild hair thats right the 80 s!!!!!!! The movie is about a 
It was really funny. It was really funny when Snoopy was putting up the vine and the vine was fighting a little bit with Snoopy. The story was about Sally 
It just doesn t get any better than this-. This has been one of my favorite movies for a long time. Recently I was happy to see it on DVD 
kipling gets a classic treatment. i had never seen this movie, and i dont know why! freddie bartholomew top-billed as a teen! is an obnoxious rich kid who falls overboard 
Great flick for Bollywood enthusiasts. I ve seen many bollywood films and for that reason I was intrigued by the controversy sparked by the entire Deepa Mehta trilogy Fire, Earth, 
Who Looks Good in a Film about POW Camps?. After looking at some of the reviews, I ll admit I m a bit confused. I think this was made AFTER 
Great Holiday Story. Sequals are rarely successful, but this film proves the exception. It is at least as good and in some ways better than the original &quot;Prancer&quot;. It is 
A plea from the great unwashed. I endorse the comments of the previous reviewer and support his plea for a re-release of Big Black s Pig Pile. When Pig Pile 
Spy Kids 3. The kids really loved this. We liked it too. Exciting. Nice to choose 3-D version or standard version  
Baby, I Don t Care. Great, iconic Noir with laconic Mitchum as the smitten schmuck who falls for the wrong femme fatale dame and follows her to the end. The 
A great leadership movie. As an Active Duty Air Force Officer, this has to be by far the best leadership movie ever for newly commissioned Officers and NCO s.  
The Dark Knight, As Campy As Ever!. The film adaptation of the hit ABC series of the 1960 s has it all. Action, danger, romance, and comedy! Adam West and 
 Domestic Disturbance is entertaining with its high-tension suspense and great action. Domestic Disturbance is a thriller about a divorced couple and their child. Frank John Travolta has to deal 
the best of those english working class films of the era. this one was a shocker to me, especially after my usual ranting against the english movies of this period, 
The best historical war drama from the Far East. I have seen many historical war dramas from Far East mainly China s and most of them are not only historically 
Those Magnificant Men and Their Flying Machines. This was sent in great shape. It also is a great older movie about the first flying machines to be in that era. 
Everytime I watch i cry!. Being first generation in an Asian American family, my sisters and i can really relate to this movie. We watch it about once a year 
One of the best comedies ever. Great cast help make this one of the funniest movies ever  
Un box Revisited. This Amazon unbox is not fully developed or has a lot of bugs in it. They should pull it until they get the bugs ironed out. Could 
memories. Still a great movie. The special features with Paula Prentis commentary was great  
Absolutely Brilliant. Though the movie staring Peter Sellers was a spoof of all James Bond movies, This was Hollywoods first ever attempt at bringing James Bond to persona... My British 
Still holds up great. I saw this back when it was released in the 70 s. I liked it thn and I like it now. It is a poignant story 
Blood Curling. WELL, I saw this movie the first time when I was but a boy, maybe ten or twelve years old, and it frightened me to death, though there 
A Powerful and Romantic Love Story. This is a charming flick about two teenage boys who discover their love for one another after harrowing circumstances land them in the same 
Great Book. The Sum of All Fears is about soldiers in war. The book talks about the fear men have when they are in war. We never think about the 
Poignant film about an intricate brother-sister relationship. This has become one of my favorite movies because of its realistic and honest portrayal of family life. In fact, it masterfully describes 
Those were the Years... To say this is a great film is probably an overstatement, but it certainly is a great idea for a film. Gibson looks good, Weaver looks 
Great movie!. This is a wonderful and accurate account of the mad Queen of Castille, Juana, sister of Henry VIII s first wife Catherine of Aragon. This is a great 
Brudal and a bit shocking. DMX stars as the drug dealer King David, who pops up in the streets again after a long absence. Rolling into the frame in a 
Great Episode. This is the first episode where we really see the heart of Tony in his dealings with a teenager struggling with the horrible death of his father. A 
Paddy, by George. We need to bring Paddy Chayefsky back to life, but it ll never happen if he ends up in this place. The novelist, playwright, and screenwriter penned 
Great if you teach US History. Best overall look at the 1920 s for students and the people interested in the 20 s. Music is right with the times and 
About bloody time!!!. Praise the lord. Beckett on DVD. This was and is a supreme movie. Two dynamos of the English stage screen at the peak of their abilities. I 
Truly a gift for your DVD collection. The Gift is a riveting, very well-acted movie about a woman named Annie Blanchett who still has not yet gotten over the death 
Totally psychotic. Totally psychotic Wedding Dress designer kills his models to find himself , but his horrible wife has her own willpower to wield. Bava s direction parallels the edge 
John Grisham s novel brought to live by a stellar cast and preformances. THis is one of my favorite movies. Besides containing a stellar cast Matthew McConaughey, Sandra Bullock, Sammuel 
Her Naked Ankles. In one of his essays The German philosopher critic Walter Benjamin compared film with theater stating that the lens of the camera replaces the audience as the 
Funny Sellers Farce. After the Fox succeeds on so many levels. It is equal bits caper film, slapstick, and filmmaking satire. It also allows Peter Sellers fertile comic mind to 
Best Legal Drama Out There. My wife had been fed up with all of the legal dramas I was maknig her watch. Being a third year law student she always 
 I m in love with you... . `In America is a truly touching and beautiful film, elevated by strong performances by everyone involved. The film centers on a poor 
Creative, surreal n crazy. I enjoyed the film, it was uncanny, bizarre, and colorful. wow. It was a nice family movie  
Moving and Beautiful. Excellent cinematography, superb acting, and a story that is engrossing, believable, and touching. Incredibly moving- I laughed and cried... bittersweet and honest. A must-see. One of my 
The best one!!!. My kids are really crazy about these 3 films,but they think that this one is really the best one  
Don t analyze, just watch. Do not try to apply western thinking to Asian movies! They are not done with the same intent or even at times for the same 
Another good CSI:NY. Though CSI:NY is most least favorite of the three CSIs, they still manage to make a good one sometimes. This is one of those good ones  
One of the greatest episodes. This was one of Stargate SG-1 s funniest episode ever. You get to finally see The FURLINGS for the first time, too bad it took 
LADYHAWKE and TIMELINE both produced and directed by Richard Donner. Novel by Crichton...All equal WINNER!. Director Richard Donner LADYHAWKE, SUPERMAN, LETHAL WEAPON I, II, III, IV, etc. leads an ensemble 
one of the best. This episode is a classic, and is one of the best in the series. It explores time travel and alternate time lines, and it s storytelling 
Unforgettable and wonderful. I have loved this movie ever since I saw it on television and watch it whenever it is on it s been some time now and I 
Corny, corny, corny, great film. We dust this off every year during Super Bowl Week. An excellent choice for the Chick Flick section of your collection. And as any husband 
Wall Street wackiness. The 1980s were a time of unparalleled corporate greed, or so the media told us then and now. You had a bunch of workaholic young executives known 
Blackmail, death, and sex invade a family. This fine film has many stories - one might be the story of individualism versus society where the former is represented by two 
Pretty darn good for a sequal !!!!. Hey, for the third installment of the Pink Panther franchise. It s not that bad. The acting was excellent as ususal. The plot 
Funny, slightly surreal comedy on the merger of East and West Germany. If you don t mind reading subtitles or, of course, you understand German this movie is great. Some 
Branded. If you enjoy good OL westerns this is one of the most entertaining. Good story, one of Alan Lad s best westerns  
Ronny Yu s masterpiesce. Now as long as you know hong kong films, you know that they are like all low budget and therefore are really hit and miss. This 
The McCourts. If you are a fan of the McCourt literary legacy, then you will definately want to add this to your collection. It is an informative, thoughtful, and touching 
I Adore This Movie!. I watch this about once a year and never get tired of it. Hepburn and Tracy are great together as usual. The company setting is appealing, 
Mysterious magic or just a trick. I have to say I was really skeptical about liking this movie because I thought the movie was about magic. This movie is more 
wonderful. received better off dead right on time. quick and will consider buying from in the future. thank  
What a Great Screenwriting Coach!. This wonderful little book is for you, the student of screenwriting. How do I know? I had the good fortune of being in Dr. Claudia 
great movie for the family. I love this movie! it is incredibly good. It is definitely sad to see this young girl struggle so much. It really makes you thankful 
The era is securded. This was the first movie to be shot of the six films. Since this movie has barely any violence in it and only occasional very mild 
DVD - U2 Elevation tour - 2001. This is a great DVD. We really enjoy U2 and have found this to be one of their better DVDs. I think you 
A Very Powerful Treatment of Popularity viz a viz Discipline in the Military. In an interview Sir Alec Guinness was asked how difficult it was for him to portray an 
Baseball: Metaphor for life. This movie wasn t really at all about baseball, but about the metaphor for life baseball is. Overall if you are looking for a film that 
Cult Classic Movie. This movie is wrong on so many levels, which is why I love it. It s not so much dark comedy as much as it s just 
Great fun and kind of scarey. I really enjoyed this movie. Great music, good effects for the time the movie was made and unexpectedly funny.Enjoy  
Fans of Woody Allen will like it. This was a pretty good Woody Allen film packed with well known celebrities. Woody Allen is playing a novelist named Harry who written 
Fandango. I have loved watching this movie through out the years on TV when offered. The original Road Trip . Kevin Costner s best movie in my opinion  
It s a cool HighSchool comedy movie. I really enjoyed this movie, All the action passes always checking the clock, shows as the desperation is taking a young person who 
Walt Disney s Best Movie. Disney made its mark as a major studio in 1937 with its first full-length feature film, Snow White and the Seven Dwarves. Ironically, given this 
Innovative, easy to follow, and gets excellent results. Richard A. Wolters was a longtime friend who died in 1993. Dick was founder of the North American Hunting Retriever Association NAHRA 
Magnificent transfer by Criterion. I am not going to write about the merits of Ran, i.e., it is a given that it is perhaps Kurosawa s finest work. If you 
Firefly is worthy of your download!. The cancellation of this short lived but highly acclaimed series is perhaps the biggest mistake made by a network. Ever.Fox executives broadcast the series 
As great as the Babe was. It is the best film about baseball I have ever seen, based on the real story of one of the most important icons of 
Wonderful. The Bicycle Thief Vittorio de Sica, 1948 One of the things I adore about Italian filmmakers is that they know how to end their movies. Whether it s completely 
cant believe its on dvd. this is so weird i never thought they would put this on dvd i had the old v.h.s. copy i loaned it to some one 
Lovely Movie. This sweet romantic movie is a favorite of many and perhaps Woody Allen s best film. Mia Farrow is perfect as sweet Cecilia who really deserves a handsome 
What makes a classic a classic.... What makes this movie a kung-fu classic? Quite simply, the influence that it had on the genre and all the movies that followed it. 
Teusdays with Mauri. Terriffic Movie just shows how some people make the most of thier lives and tackle the cruelest of diseases with dignity and an inspirational inner stregnt  
This tape is the best!. I have found this tape to be outstanding for starting to stretch after not working out for a very long time! It s the perfect 
I Loved It. I love this movie. It is not in English, but the story is easy to understand, and has an ending you will always remember.A great popcorn evening 
Indiana Jones and the Temple of ICK!. The &quot;Indiana Jones&quot; trilogy will endure for a long time--everyone adores cliffhangers and romance, and these three films have plenty of both. Of 
Gets better everytime I watch. I just love this movie, but it may not be for all, since it is a very specific type of humor. Don t expect Best 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
DO NOT MISS THIS!. This is one of the sexiest movies of all time! Pre-dating the Italian Neo-Realist wave of film-making by just a couple of years, its influence can 
I enjoyed the season premeir emensely. I enjoyed this series premier tremendously and am looking forward to watching the rest of the series. Enterprise started before I had my PVR 
And the Band Played On. I received this product on time and in perfect shape. I enjoy the high quality of Amazon s site  
Epic Korean Drama. Koreans honor their greatest military hero in this epic drama which takes place in the late 1500s. The career and tactics of this Admiral are still studied 
Fascinating. My husband and I watched this, and we both give it 5 stars. It s fascinating, sad, and really thought provoking.  
Aw-Shucks Sweet and Funny Stuff. Official Meg Ryan Movie Disclaimer: If you love Meg Ryan when she s playing the quintessentially Meg Ryan character -- slightly ditzy, girl next door, 
The Prelude to the 2005 Butterfly Affect. This is not for the underaged due to the same sex scenes in the beginning scenes, otherwise it is an excellent drama. It 
I Believed All OF It. Movies, plays, and books are all subjective endeavors. The idea is to suspend your disbelief while reading or watching the piece. In the case of 
You will either love it or Hate it. People who watch this movie either love it or hate it.  
HG WELLS. This is an amazing service! For only 2 bucks i can watch what i like for the moment. In this case it was HG WELLS. Great biography  
A lot of fun!!!. I m a big fan at the serie and I enjoyed it agai  
Vanishing Point great action Movie. This is one my favorite movies. I had it on VHS now on DVD. Non stop action start to finish,with a message  
A Valuable Message. I liked this movie very much. It was entertaining, funny, charming, but I especially liked the twist toward the end. I felt it put out a message 
Hot Chick. A Great Funny Movie is a great movie.One of the best part is when the little brother walking to the car in his sister s high shoes.  
Jungle Holocaust AKA Cannibal Holocaust: The Beginning. A film by Ruggero Deodato Cannibal Holocaust . A plane crashes in the jungle. One of the survivors named Robert Harper Massimo Foschi 
Mom s Not Too Old nor Dead, and Not About to Pack It In. With the death of her infirmed husband, May, an older woman faces a future in an 
My Favorite Episode. I don t have television, haven t for 11 years. When I learned CBS was allowing free viewing over the internet I checked it out and started 
Western. My second favourite John Wayne Movie, the first being She Wore A Yellow Ribbon . A great cast and very entertaining as the westerns from this era are far 
Darkest Comedy. The cast, the pacing, the violence, the one liners, this movie kills. If you don t like it, you re a prude or have no sense of humor. 
Shangri-la. Everyone dreams of a world with no wars and peace with everyone. This film, a great story about finding, losing and finally finding again such a place, is such 
The Bishop s Wife. Cary Grant is charming, as always. A good message filled story and tradition to watch during the holidays  
 Triumph of the Will for the 1970 s. My review s title is not to imply Barbet Schroeder is a manipulative filmmaker like Leni Riefinstahl, nor to say the 
The most Sensuous Tarzan. As a longtime Tarzan aficionado I ve read all the books ,I just had to write a review for this Tarzan film, because I love it! 
Looker. This is an excellent thriller for the time period in which it was created  
Classic in its own right. I dont know what its like to have gone to school in the 1980 s or have gone to school in the United States but 
Romance. Good movie. Rather racy in light of the rating. I thought it probably would have been an X. Interesting plot and I especially liked the ending  
 I don t know!!! . I love this stand-up. I saw this for the very first time about 3 or 4 yrs ago and I still laugh as hard 
Great Legal Thriller!. This movie is by far among the greatest legal thrillers I ve seen, not only because the writing and directing are superb, but James Woods acting performance 
Very good movie about medical students. Very well taken movie that depicts the sacrifices and passion required for medical profession. Background score goes very well with the movie  
GREAT. I found the information awesome. I found myself wanting to watch it over and over again. It is packed full of information, watching situations as they naturally present themselves 
ONEGIN. I highly recommend this DVD for its superior acting - all hands, as well as for the spectacular photography, scenery and overall quality of presentation. A real keeper  
Who is Sutter Cane?. A prophet? A devil? An oracle? A preacher? Whoever he is, he outsells every other author with his Lovecraftian style horror books, and now he s 
A Crusade of Good Taste. The Holy Grail of Science Fiction. Brilliantly scripted and marvelously acted Sci-Fi movie based on the all-time favorite PC-game. The intense combination of an intergalactic 
Great CLASSIC film. This film tugged at ALL of my emotions....I was angry, dissapointed, and sad. This is a must see for everyone of any age. Its one of my 
Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST!. The Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST drama I have seen ever. Korean, American, doesn t matter! This is better than anything 
bad movie, but............................................ Well this is a very difficult movie to judge. I would highly recommend it to any man who wants about 5-8 amazingly sexy scenes. Seriously, if you 
Prom Night. I enjoyed the movie very much. I m a collector of old B rated movies as well of the 1950 s. Hope to see more of the same 
Pate bros 2nd joint rolled with creeper. The cool thing about watching movies constantly is that you see so many bad ones that occasionally a movie as slick as this 
IVAN THE WONDERFUL I. Despite having been produced over 60 years ago, IVAN THE TERRIBLE remains one of the most bizarre and compelling movies ever made. It is filmed in 
I just met a wonderful new man. He s fictional; but you can t have everything. Woody Allen s The Purple Rose Of Cairo ranks among his better films. The 
You could hear a pin drop. The divergence of opinion among the reviewers regarding this film interests me - and reflects the changes the media itself has undergone, inspiring me 
A great film but a slightly disappointing DVD from Criterion. Le Samourai, Jean-Pierre Melville s riff on This Gun For Hire, is another of Criterion s slightly disappointing recent discs. 
Modest But Ingratiating Allen Effort Features an Effectively Blowsy Farrow. Mia Farrow is the big surprise in this minor-league Woody Allen comedy from 1984. Before he started deifying Hannah and 
AN EXOTIC VEHICLE FOR GARBO. Mata Hari Garbo is a German spy posing as a dancer in Paris. She is sent by Andriani Lewis Stone to get Russian messages about 
wayne and ford in fine form and william holden along for the ride. i love john wayne and i love this movie. william holden costars but make no mistake this 
Loves Long Journey. This DVD is excellent for all ages to watch. It is a heart warming story that everyone should watch. The books that these DVD are based on 
I enjoyed the season premeir emensely. I enjoyed this series premier tremendously and am looking forward to watching the rest of the series. Enterprise started before I had my PVR 
Heartwarming Romantic-Moving On Comedy. A lovely and wonderful film. It s a comedy that s light and will make you smile, but it does speak of very true to life 
11 10. How to be a part of real Rock History without being a musician, singer, producer or someone in the music business? Answer: Make a movie as this one. 
Tchaikovsky and Riding Crops. I m not usually a ballet person. I haven t seen anything since The Nutcracker when I was six. But this was absolutely brilliant. The concept 
Rooster Cogburn. This is a funny and touching movie with spectacular scenery. Katherine Hepburn is at her best as an independent single woman living in the old west who encounters 
Nice and awesome. I absolutely love Atlantis. From Ronon Dex, to Sheppard, and to all the faces. I d cry if Atlantis was cancelled. Seriously though, Steve should have never 
The most original screenplay since Brazil...which was. ...the most original screenplay since Citizen Kane.At least that s my take.How do I describe this movie? I can t. It s bizarre 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
sleeper. This is an Australian western written by Nick Cave and as such, is predictably bleak and revisionist, with a decidedly skeptical view toward authority and the brutal efforts required 
Mike And Worm bet it all. Rounder is not your typical card playing movie. It s about the angles. Being able to play cards blind. Being able to know your 
Bergmanite. I saw this on Turner Classic Movies and this along with the Seventh Seal made me a Bergman fan for life. It s a film about an old mans 
a classic!. This film is what many of today s filmsshould be. Great acting, directingand story make this film one you canwatch over and over  
My Favorite Episode. I don t have television, haven t for 11 years. When I learned CBS was allowing free viewing over the internet I checked it out and started 
A fun movie. I saw this movie years ago and always remebered it. As a fan of Errol Flynn and other great swashbucklers , I totally appreciated the tounge-in-cheek storyline. 
 What are you nuts or something!? Maybe. . Woodrow comes from a small close-knit town in California. His grandfather owned the land the town was built on and his 
Lawn Dogs. Prejudice, hypocrisy and rationalising of immoral and violent behaviour are not merely American vices, but common symptoms of all of us living in so-called western civilization.This film bitingly 
A MUST SEE FILM!!!!!!!!!. For fans of The Once Great Deathrow Records this is a Must see Film that adds alot of insight to the Back-story of The Late 80 
 I m never more witty than when I ve had a little nip. . I did some checking and I discovered this film, The Spiral Staircase, originally released in 
The Torch song singer. I found the movie to be wonderful, funny and true to life. The service from Amazon.com to be prompt, efficient, dependable, the delivery was on time 
Splendid. This is a wonderful production, a sweeping saga indeed of the rise and fall of a noble family..Everything about this series is lavish, well acted with a stella cast..The 
Mansfield Park. What can I say. This is another great Jane Austin story and if you love Jane Austin, you tend to love all of her stories - AND I 
TMNT II - Secret of the Ooze DVD . I ve loved the Ninja Turtles since I was old enough to watch TV, so I automatically love anything to do 
follow that dream. one of elvis s best movies i purchased it for my sister and she hasn t stopped thanking me yet it s hers favorite  
Love the new download!. I wanted it for my collection, however you can sift through all the youtube stuff and end up with the same video for free if you 
Well acted with a cool monster. When the First Man Into Space gets a cosmic dusting it does some strange things to his mind and body. Pretty good monster and 
Brian Regan. First heard his stand-up on CD when I worked at Borders a few years back. Sometimes he gets a bit carried away a lotta comics tend to, though 
I suppose it should be possible to find a film as beautiful. It s funny that a critic from the new york times could know so little about film. I 
A Western Classic. I remember this movie, when it came to the theaters. I was just a kid at that time, when Roy Rogers, Gene Autry & all of the 
It s Jimmy Carr - Need more be said?!?. Thanks for keeping a Brit sane in a country full of My wife says... jokes.Your wife is fat and ugly and 
A beach culture classic. I was a surf grommet growing up in the mid 1970 s. This flick touched on Vietnam in ways that I could begin to understand. When 
a blast from the past. This movie is one of my favorite movies. I have fond memories of my brother and I watching this movie over and over, and every 
The First Widow. Guarding Tess is a pretty good comedy drama that becomes a fair suspense drama by the end. Nicolas Cage Matchstick Men plays a Secret Service agent in 
Damn good. Well if you like the theremin, this is an absolute must have. This movie is so entertaining and tells you so much, all you wanna know. It s 
Worthy. Its hard to know if you would understand what actually happned at Isandlewana if all you hadto go on was this film - but all the elements are there 
Irresistible. Agatha Christie s 1937 murder mystery adapts well to film and television format. It offers the obvious travelogue element, provides opportunities for the music and clothing fashions of the 
THE BEST VIDEO IN DENISE AUSTIN S HIT THE SPOTS SERIES. I own all the videos in the Hit The Spot Series, but I think Arms &amp; Bust is the 
 Looks like its going to be one of those days Jerry . Three O clock High is one of the best 80 s teen films there was. Unfortunately, it 
Love Atlantis. I think this was a great spin off from stargate sg-1 which was starting to get stale even though I love watching it still.Love being able to download 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
Stayin Alive. The triumph of Director Zhang Yimou s epic film is how deeply he makes us care about ordinary people buffeted by history and struggling to surmount their own 
Right on Top of that Rose. This movie is awesome! My sister and I used to watch this all the time back in the day so I ordered one for 
Nice and awesome. I absolutely love Atlantis. From Ronon Dex, to Sheppard, and to all the faces. I d cry if Atlantis was cancelled. Seriously though, Steve should have never 
amazing. I M THE BIGGEST FAN OF THIS MOVIE IN THE WHOLE WORLD ,THERE S NOTHING LIKE THIS FILM,GREAT ACTORS,I LOVE THE MANIAC PERFORMED BY FREDDIE JONES AND THE EXPLOSIVES 
Twisted Love Story. This movie is definitely a different kind of love story. It really surprised me the first time I saw it. It s a very honest movie that 
I Guess There s Something Wrong With Me. I guess there must be something profoundly wrong with me, because I rather liked Maniac . Sure, I ll concede that its 
This Robin Hood is unforgetable. For years I ve enjoyed watching this movie. I recently joined the Disney Movie Club and picked this movie up for my 3 year old 
Somewhere In Time. If you haven t seen this you should. Great movie. Never get tired of seeing it. I think any age could watch this  
MRSWLJ FACTS ABOUT BULLS T. WHAT MOST PEOPLE FAIL TO REALIZE IS THAT MOST LIFE STORY MOVIES ARE NOT MADE FOR THE PURPOSE OF GLORIFICATION TO THE VIEWER, BUT TO 
Very Hilarious. Truely speaking, this is a very hilarious episode. Must see for every one  
Watching Paint Dry. Can watching paint dry be riveting, interesting, and compelling? Can looking at a beautiful woman who is naked for almost three of four hours long movie be 
Dein Perry s Tap Dogs ; Good show, mates!. Winner of 11 International Awards including the Obie Award, Tap Dogs is like nothing you ve ever seen. A must see 
BRILLIANT !. Although his catalog is small Michele Soavi is a brilliant film maker & Cemetery Man is not only one of the very best zombie films ever made but 
Another great Cheech & Chong film. Not as good as the first one, but still pretty funny. As far as I can tell, there s not a whole lot of 
Mambo Italiano. Nobody can send up the immigrant Italian experience like an immigrant Italian. They spoof themselves so well because they tell the truth, and the rest of us are 
GREAT SUSPENSE!. I saw this movie on Lifetime TV and I would have never guessed that the ending would have been so unexpected. I can t wait for this movie 
GREAT SURF FILM-BUT PLEASE DON T EDIT!. I won t beat a dead horse. Well, maybe I will. Please re-release this film in WIDESCREEN FORMAT, anything less is defeating the 
A MUST SEE. This is the episode that introduced &quot;Speak&quot;, the Tick s furry sidekick. This is also the episode that sent tens of thousands of high school students running 
Reality with Star Power. This movie will make you laugh and cry with a who s who of hollywood. The music alone will move you to the kleenex box. If 
Christmas present. I ordered this DVD & several others as presents. They all arrived in good shape & on time for Christmas morning  
This movie is ridiculous!. Funny... crazy... you might want to be sure to watch it first before you buy it... its terrible B movie material but so bad it s 
Still fantastic. Haven,t seen this movie for years,but it,s still the cult classic I remember, with great performances from all. Still one of my all time favourite films  
4.5 Stars Good movie for a sequel, not quite up to the first. This movie opens with a bang, and doesn t let up. It s just not quite as 
My Favorite Version. I absolutely love this version of Emma; I enjoyed Kate Beckinsale and Mark Strong as Emma and Mr. Knightly. The scenery, performances, screenplay, and attention to detail 
Pete & Kate. Stellar performances by O Toole and Hepburn. King Henry #2 and his fair Lady, Eleanor full of intrigue and princely plots. Love me, hate me, leave me 
 They Can t Take That Away From Me . The beloved Shall We Dance was the only Fred and Ginger film with songs from George and Ira Gershwin, and 
One of the Most Underappreciated Movies of the 90s. One of the most underappreciated movies of the 90s, Mumford is written & directed by Lawrence Kasdan and is both really 
ever seen a window kill a person?. this is a very weird little video nasty thats a sequal to suspiria it has beautiful colors but its a little random its 
Incredible symbiose between music and images. A regard on our crazy lifestyle that will surely make you think and reflect. If you have the chance to watch this powerful film 
Downloading is easy. CSI is great and Downloading was very easy. This is my fourth video, and I ve only had problems with one, and Amazon quickly walked me through 
Too Gorgeous 4 words. 1st of all if you are a Prince fan, then it is ofcourse the norm, that you have some favortism directed to the film. That would 
Best of Guest. Of Christopher Guest s mockumentaries, Best in Show is definitely the best. The characters and story gel in a perfect comic concoction. Best in Show is very 
Great acting by Hollywood s most underated actress... I saw this movie without really knowing what it was about and was completely suprised by how good it is. Diane Lane, 
Hot view of the fall of imperialism. Gibson and Weaver star in theis steamy view of the fall of imperialism in Indonesia. They start living the expat life in Jakarta, 
Extra! Extra! Read all about it! Bond Bond ! James Bond. Everythig you wanted to know about the James Bond phenominon but were too shy to ask. Then this Bud 
Great Service. We thought the tape was in excellent condition and the delivery service was very efficient  
Perfect!!!. The best dvd that I ever saw!!! Perfect to make a party and play this dvd and everyone is gonna like your party  
Fast shipping. The shipping was fast and I got it within a few days of purchase. Thanks for having such a great movie in stock  
Not bad for action!. I liked this movie a little bit cause White Men Can t Jump stars Wesley Snipes and Woody Harrelson kick some butt in this story of 
Not for the easily offended. I find most stoner movies to be too juvenile to bother with. This is not a typical stoner movie, though, because the leads are not 
Excellent. Again, this product was really new like you always say it and there was no defect whatsoever.Also, the picture quality was clear as well as the sound and I 
Family Dissolution, Lust for Power, Madness ... The story line is superb ... the scenery is stunning and gorgeous, vast mountains and green valleys, walled castles and fortresses. Hidetora, the 
Westerns. Classic Duke!! One of the best, great cast, Opening scene remindes me of his early movie Red River  
Only one question. My only question is - When can I buy season 2? This is the perfect medium to continue the most enjoyed show that TV execs killed this 
Thoroughly Entertaining. This is a really good movie with an excellent excellent screenplay. The movie begins with the birth of punk, when a small roomful of people were fortunate enough 
A Grand Slam!. Tom Berenger, Corbin Bernsen, Charlie Sheen, and Wesley Snipes star in this fun film about the woeful Cleveland Indians baseball team and how a group of misfits 
At the show. I was pleased with the DVD, but disappointed that there were no behind-the or deleted scenes included in the special features. It is still one of my 
Family Dissolution, Lust for Power, Madness ... The story line is superb ... the scenery is stunning and gorgeous, vast mountains and green valleys, walled castles and fortresses. Hidetora, the 
Excalibur. This is the best rendition of Excaliber that was ever made. I ve watched several and this is the one I prefer above all others. It s a great 
Technically a B movie but has the heart of an A!. This has been one of my favorite movies for as long as I can remember. Even when I was 
Controversial classic that s more than historically interesting. Melville Farr Dirk Bogarde , a married and highly respected barrister on the verge of making QC, becomes embroiled in a homosexual 
SPOON!. The Tick kicks ass. This is one of the best episodes. It s a must have  
catch a rising star!!!. You should see this because it has an eary appearance by America yes, peo-ple, that is HER real name Ferarra!!! WHo, you ask?? Oh casually only 
A Christmas Must. This movie is now included in my collection of must see at Christmas time DVD s together with the likes of The Vicar of Dilby and Lampoons 
improved Lolita, incomplete Psyche, seven stages of an affair. An alliance of convenience between a rich man and a needy young girl is explored through all its phases and taken 
Brilliant. Virtually unnoticed by critics and the public, you ve probably never heard of this one, but it s one of the best teenage coming of age movies. Not a 
pirates. This is a great movie. It has everything I like, adventure, sword fights, romance. It also has Tyrone Power, Maureen O Hara and George Sanders  
One of the best musicals ever made. I have watched at least 7 times. Great film to watch with your childre  
If you want to have a great time then see this Film!!!. This is the standard for all other Musketeers films. Save your time as they are generally not worth 
Rocket Gibraltar. It is a great movie I dont have to write much just buy it, it is the type of movie that you smile and cry at the same 
My all time favorite comedy. This movie has it all -- wonderful humor, social commentary, and noone can beat the comedic skills of the incredible cast. Please check out the 
Old message that still applies. Great movie with young actors that are still out there making movies. This coming of age movie is clean and yet very real now as 
Another great Slater Film. Having seen parts of this film over a span of the last decade or so, without fully seeing all of it, I noticed this DVD on 
Talk about Christmas spirit... I really love Bones. It has everything: suspense, drama, humor, pretty people, fun storylines. I have yet to miss an episode, and even into Season 2 
Not as good as the book. If you enjoyed reading the book as much as I did you might be disappointed with the film. The film cut good character development 
I can t believe the studio execs cut this show. This show is an amazing concept with superb execution for a TV drama. It s the kind of show that 
The ultimate Wow movie. This movie is a non-stop adventure in how did he do that and can he top this . While movies like Crouching Tiger and Heroe were 
Vietnam without the cynical viewpoint. The main thing that sticks with me after watching this excellent depiction of the early days of the Vietnam War is towards the end of 
I loved this video!. This is an amazingly soothing, relaxing routine that leaves you feeling mellow and at the same time is good for you. As on her other videos, 
The King s Whore - Was She Worth It??? . I think not!!! Ultimately, she cost him everything imaginable. True, he was obsessed with her and tried to manipulate her 
Bob Dylan vs. Donovan. This DVD was a fascinating view into the life of the greatest song and dance man of all time. The music video of Subterranean Homesick Blues 
This Has Been...a Love Story. I finally made my first purchase from Amazon s Unbox Video Downloads just to try the service and am happy to report a solid customer 
Old plot but overall great!. Sure it s the same old plot you see in every ski movie, some rich developers trying to take away the ski resort from the 
Way to Go Amazon! Very cool. Just got done watching the show and it was awesome. Of course I had to download the tool, how else do you get started? 
One Of The Best Sitcoms On TV. &quot;All In The Family&quot; Is 1 Of The Best Sitcoms Ever. On This Cassatte It Has Lional From The Spinoff &quot;The Jeffersons&quot;. Archie 
unflinchingly realistic look at Latina gang life in Echo Park. When I first saw this film, some five years ago, it truly knocked the breath out of me. For the 
A Masterpiece. This by far is Pauly Shore s best work yet. I mean who thinks of this stuff a hippie marries someone who is related to farmers and I 
I wish I was in Dixie... This is one of the best movie about the civil war I ve ever seen. It is the most instructive, realistic, with very good 
Generally Speaking. One of the better performances I ve seen from Travola. With that said I liked the story line and the plots twists and turns. I would have liked 
great movie. i havent seen this film in a while but its a damn good film and mesage behind it.. alot of people didnt know and still dont know how 
Spectacular. This is one of the finest productions I have ever seen..Too bad more aren t being produced  
Shattering. This film is slick and shattering with an underbelly of sobbering disatisfaction. Christie is pognient. Harvey is cool with cracks of vulnerability that informs the emptiness of his life. 
Reassuring. This is the least preachy bible study I ve ever read.Kushner divides his chapters by themes and suggests, but does not demand, a theological answer which supports his thesis: 
Hard Candy... After chatting online for 3 weeks, Jeff Kohlver, a 32 year old photographer, and Hayley Stark, a 14 year old honors student, finally meet in real life at 
The Thing from Another World. This is the original. The remake is The Thing. Both movies are great. I suggest that you own both of them and compare  
A real thriller!. I love this movie, and it is the type of film that was made a long time ago that is just creepy enough to be fun rather 
Dark Love Story. This film should be up there on your need to watch list. It s a brilliantly casted and wonderfully scripted story of blind love. When Luis Bandaras 
Cute! Funny! Fashionable!. GREAT movie - one of my favorites. GREAT cast, wonderful costumes, romantic dialogue, and a funny plot line. Is definitely light hearted and classic British comedy. Also 
Compellingly masterful rendering of A Day or two in the Life. Read Alex Grayson s articulate and thoughtful review Jan. 3, 2007 which nails it.Apparently Chelsea Walls is not for 
The Most fun you can have in a film. This is a great film, and they really dont make them like this anymore. It s funny, has some good action 
Awesome!. Avatar is so awesome! I saw one episode by chance and was determined to watch them all. It s got an excellent story line, great characters and awesome animation. 
I hate Football....I love this movie!!. Not to bemoan the people of small town america but i m glad I had the good fortune to grow up in a big 
Great potrayal of the infamous rogue trader. This movie captures well the story of the rogue trader.Ewen MacGregor does a superb job, and manages to create some real tension. You 
Other People s Money. Very good copy of the original movie. The movie itself is a classic situational comedy about our comtemporary business world. Danny Devito brings his classic irreverant 
I enjoyed this movie...... I cannot believe all of the negative reviewers. Obviously you have never had an adult party where people behave like teenagers after being delt alcohol mixed 
TEEN WITCH. I LOVED THIS MOVIE WHEN I WAS A TEENAGER AND I STILL LOVE IT TODAY! I LOVE THE MUSIC...IT WILL HAVE YOU SINGING THEM TOO! IT S A 
Kiss Me Kate 1953. When two squabbling ex-marrieds are cast as squabbling Renanaissance romantics in a musical The Taming Of the Sherew 1952 , life imitates art , art imitates 
Lotte Berk Kicks Butt. I m in my mid-30 s and this is the first exercise video I ever bought because the model doing the backbend on the cover caught 
Endearing Sequel. This is an impressive sequel and a very good looking follow-up to ANNE OF THE GREEN GABLES. It is great to see Megan Follows as Anne Shirley once 
Epic sci-fi from a bygone era. Logan s Run is great nostalgic 1970s science fiction. The 70s was a great era for sci-fi, where the future was viewed with optimism, 
Grandfater for slasher flicks. I LOVE this movie. This movie is an blue print for all the revenge horror movies we have now. Its a slasher movie with real characters. 
Hilarious childhood movies reveal a genius in the making. I ve never laughed and or smiled so much in my life. My face literally hurt after watching this movie. The 
tORTILLA SOUP. LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!! THAT S WHY I BOUGHT IT. AND I LOVE MY CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM AMAZON.THANKS GUYS AND GALSSUE SWEENE  
Pop Culture bliss. Before Anime was a household word, kids were tuning in to see the ultimate mecha, Voltron:Defender of the Universe every afternoon. A sort of Holy Grail of 
Fantastic Family Film!. A family oriented film that is humorous, fun, exciting and very entertaining! After seeing this movie for the first time, I had to own it! It is 
My maximum 1 to 10, a true 37. I love stories, good stories and sincere love for historical or historical fiction. Its the story thing... So Dangerous Beauty has it 
 When The @& Did We Get Ice Cream?! . The Ringer is the kind of movie where, upon a quick glance, most people would assume is made strictly to 
Excellent Period Drama. The house of Eliott is an excellent British series about two sisters suddenly left penniless in postwar England. To make ends meet they take in sewing, and 
A little morbid, but... I don t like sad movies, but I have to say that this movie is really good. The characters have depth and the storyline is intriguing 
Loneliness can be very dangerous. Nobody knows what to make of May Angela Bettis . Born with a lazy eye, for which she wore a patch while growing up, she 
Movie from R. Massey s book. The movie is Robert Massey s book come to life. Wonderful movie  
Doctor Who and the first Download. Doctor who materialised without his Tardis on this, my first timelord download in the amazon unbox, which is much larger on the inside than 
Not as gory as one may think... I ll try not to add comments that others have already made.One thing I ll say is that it is not the horror 
...When I was very small... This episode of Star Trek, The Man Trap is my earliest memory of what would become a lifelong enjoyment of the franchise. Truthfully, The Man 
A fascinating slice of Pennsylvanian coal mining history. The more historically accurate the film, the more it tends to drag. The Molly Maguires certainly passes this test! Still, it presents 
Robert Altman, fresh off his hit Mash made this great. film. Terrific use of lighting and camera work. If you like HBO s Deadwood series you ll see where they 
A very good movie... with only one small problem, the guy playing Frankenstein looks almost exacrly like Michael Palin from Monty Python, making it a bit hard to take serious; 
The Gnome Mobile. This was purchased as a gift for my mother. She had an old copy on VHS that had started to corrode. Now she can watch it as 
A great leadership movie. As an Active Duty Air Force Officer, this has to be by far the best leadership movie ever for newly commissioned Officers and NCO s.  
Always a classic. As a teacher of Romeo and Juliet, this version stays pretty close to the original. There are some parts that are left out, but most students do 
Cat lovers delight!. I have loved this movie since I was a little girl. It wonderfully captures the loving bond between a cat and it s owner  
SUPERB NOIR -- INVOLVING, COMPLEX MORAL DRAMA. Otto Preminger s WHERE THER SIDEWALK ENDS 1950 is another color noir, this one s about a troubled, brutal cop already on probation 
Hot show. I loved this concert! I always liked the routine she did for Bye Bye Baby. Very clever. She had a very tight band on this tour, including Omar 
Perfect!!!. The best dvd that I ever saw!!! Perfect to make a party and play this dvd and everyone is gonna like your party  
Hilarious. I love this movie. I laughed through the whole movie. If you haven t watched this movie, then I suggest that you do. However, DO NOT LET YOUR KIDS 
Simply Beautiful. BUY this DVD today. Be sure to purchase the boxset as it is the only way to get the RICHARD PRYOR SPECIAL? and Mudbone bonus footage. This groundbreaking 
Acting Saves the Day. The movie doesn t really go anywhere but that s ok. Sort of a bittersweet examination of the difference between talent and morality. Just because you 
Mark the Shark. Great insights; worth the time and money; wateched it many times and always see something ne  
A sleeper with some big-name actors and a plot about confronting one s own demons. I am slightly confused about why this movie is called Badge on Amazon and The 
Great Baseball Story. I have the second part of this movie Major League Part II and knew that I had to get the first part to add to my DVD 
Cats A to Z, come play with me!. The Cat returns! This hilarious sequel is great! The reason why I gave this review its title is because the Cat in 
Heartwarming John Wayne John Ford Classic! Now on DVD!. All the positive comments you read here about this film are true.This classic western stars John Wayne, Pedro Armendariz and Harry 
True Gonzo Classic. THIS COMMENT MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS! Anyone who saw this growing up has a soft spot in their hearts for it; I ve encountered enough people over the 
The General s Daughter. A taut, well made thriller with a lot of nuance and details that make seeing it a second or third time equally enjoyable. Strong acting keeps 
A good buy. I bought this for my husband and had never watched it before. Its a good movie with a good plot. It keeps you intrested and has some 
FUNNY MEMORIES. I first saw this movie with my husband when we were only dating as teens. We really enjoyed it then and I have been looking for it since. 
Strangers on a Train. I m not a real Hitchcock fan, but this movie by far is my favorite of anything he s done. The story line, suspense and drama 
Master Harold and the Boys. If you need convincing that Matthew Broderick is a fine actor, this is the film you must see  
Funny movie. This is one of my favorite movies. I ve watched it for years on cable and finally decided to buy the dvd. It stars the great John Candy 
One of the best films of the Hollywood Renaissance. Terrence Malick has acquired a tremendous cult following as an auteur, but this, his first film, is the only truly successful 
If Only.... Sometimes you watch a film and it inhabits you.... it gets under your skin. Ballad of a Soldier is such a film. And sometimes a work of art 
SOUTH PACIFIC, redux. This movie is an excellent rendition of the original Broadway production by Rodgers and Hammerstein that opened in April 1949 and ran for 5 years.Mitzi Gaynor and 
Words can t express the pleasure. I have enjoyed this film many times and am gratified to see that Warner Home Video finally sees fit to release it on DVD. 
A Simple Plan 1998 . Director: Sam RaimiCast: Bill Paxton, Billy Bob Thornton, Bridget Fonda, Brent Briscoe, Jack Walsh, Chelcie Ross, Becky Ann Baker, Gary Cole, Bob Davis.Running Time: 121 
Cold war based British espionage drama. Micheal Caine plays Frank Jones a decorated ex-British Navy veteran and now businessman. His beloved son Bob played by Nigel Havers is a Russian 
Individual and society a la Kurosawa. I agree with all the other reviews which have discussed Ikiru in terms of its message for the individual: live your life with meaning 
No Other Even Comes Close. This is my absolute favorite Biblical Epic.I will concede to only one flaw and that is Jeffrey Hunter having blue eyes! I wish he had 
Beauty, and other charms of waking life. The beauty in Henry and June is full-throttle. There s the bike race through a sunlit forest; there s a colorful bohemian festival 
GENIUS. Whether people like him or not, there s no doubting that this man is a musical genius! He started his career as a rock star aiming his music towards 
A Possible Future???. This is a rather scary look at what could be a possible future if things continue the way they are heading. Our food supplies becoming more depleted 
 A Circus of the Mind . Young Casey Nathan Forrest Winters has an acute case of coulrophobia fear of clowns , so when his two older brothers suggest a 
Talk about Christmas spirit... I really love Bones. It has everything: suspense, drama, humor, pretty people, fun storylines. I have yet to miss an episode, and even into Season 2 
NEARLY DARK. This is one of my all-time faves.I own it already but need another copy in case something should happen to mine.I first saw this movie years ago;and had 
a should-be-better western fell flat by a deteriorated screenplay. it was when the mass hanging scene was stupidly inserted two , not just one, long church hymns, with a cardboard-like 
A MUST SEE!!. I have long owned the three-tape vhs version of this title. In the days before David Shephard, et al. put out all those magnificent restorations and before 
Great Rainy Day Fun !. This is the kind of movie that you can pop in on a lazy, rainy day when you need to be lifted up a little. 
The most surrealist film of John Huston!. Once upon a time in Texas a roguish Judge :Roy Bean magnificent acted by Paul Newman . And also a weird preacher : 
Anatomy of a Hate Crime - Long Before the Term Was Coined. Movie: DVD Transfer: Extras: 1 2Director Edward Dmytryk s stark, hard-hitting examination of a hate crime was way 
Great thing. Recommend for all who is the fan of Transformers. Great thing. Recommend for all who is the fan of Transformer  
HG WELLS. This is an amazing service! For only 2 bucks i can watch what i like for the moment. In this case it was HG WELLS. Great biography  
John Ford s take on Africa is good enough. It seems like this film has either been poorly edited or shot in quite a hurry, because the story plot is 
competition. this is a good cartoon for competition with rocket robin hood hope they come to quick agreable turms ... msp... didnt see the black wolf or fox??  
Essential, Quintessential, Profound, and Disturbing. The greatest movie that many Americans have never heard of, Naked won best director and actor at Cannes in 1993. The action revolves around Johnny, 
Darren McGavin s and Pete Billingsley s! best. A fine film that recaptures that period well!. You ll shoot your eye out. How manytimes did Ralphie hear that? Well worththe 
Real Future for Humans?. Even though this movie is classified as a fictional comedy, and is quite outrageous, I can visulize that current events taking place in our time could 
competition. this is a good cartoon for competition with rocket robin hood hope they come to quick agreable turms ... msp... didnt see the black wolf or fox??  
Rollicking Western. A routine but enjoyable western yarn that was pretty violent for its time the fight between George Peppard and Slim Pickens in particular .Dean Martin goes against type 
classic Christmas movie. This is the Christmas movie I saw when I was a child and spent years trying to find again. It has great actors and is very entertaining 
awesome. This is the greatest movie that i have ever seen. It is funny and the cast does some sweet moves. I personally like the king of the mountain part. 
Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST!. The Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST drama I have seen ever. Korean, American, doesn t matter! This is better than anything 
Truly breathtaking!. In a nutshell -- this version of Hamlet left me speachless; Branagh s interpretation is magnificent!! Not to be missed! I highly recommend!!  
Hilarious!. Martin Lawrence is one crazy man. Anything he is or will be in is worth watching  
The Earth Stood Still This Movie Moves On. After so many years this movie couldn t have been written better today than it was back then. A great theme ahead 
The 2nd best cannibal film. This is the second best most disturbing film next to Cannibal Holocaust which will always be the champion. But thats not taking anything away from 
Pickpocket Brilliantly Dissects the Human Psyche in the Shadow of Morality... Robert Bresson s genius rests in his awareness that actions often reflect on reality, as the action is something 
STILL GOOD ENTERTAINMENT --. I thoroughly enjoyed the animals and would have liked more info given about them.The movie is pure entertainment with wonderful color [except coloring the tiger black] 
A Poignant Masterpiece. There are very few films that have literally brought tears to my eyes. They must be films of uncompromising emotional power. Films like Magnolia, The Passion of 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
World s Finest Heroes... In 1997, after producing at least 3 seasons of Batman: The Animated Series and one season of Superman: The Animated Series , the creative minds behind 
for John and Olivia. Ok I agree with other viewers this move is not the best in world. I also feel it is not the worst either. I will never 
Those were the Years... To say this is a great film is probably an overstatement, but it certainly is a great idea for a film. Gibson looks good, Weaver looks 
Outstanding Movie. This movie has everything you need in a great Who done it. I will watch this over and over.  
Journey to hell with your inner demons. In a rare case of art imitating life, Woody Allen gives us his comedy Deconstructing Harry, where we meet Harry Block, a neurotic 
I LOVE this movie!!. This is one of my favorite LOVE movies. I just left another review for another movie and decided I needed to leave one for my FAVORITE 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
christy. I have 1-11 of the Christy videos..#1-3 in spanish...I love them and would like to know how many are in spanish and how many videos are there total? Does 
Spy Kids 3. The kids really loved this. We liked it too. Exciting. Nice to choose 3-D version or standard version  
I like this movie. When I was looking at this movie from the gay and lesbian list of films on border I didn t really think I would like it 
It almost goes the whole way to perfect... This movie was really on track to be an earth shattering experience for us sci-fi geeks. Here s why: creeped out techno 
Bleak, powerful, honest. Given the recent spate of chest-thumping, rough-but-noble-soldier films, complete with overblown stirring scores & slo-mo hero shots about WWII, it s refreshing to return to a truly 
Exceptional WWII Spy Movie. Rather astonishingly, 5 Fingers is based on a true story of WWII espionage in Turkey. In the British consulate in Ankara, an enigmatic spy is selling 
Laugh out loud funny. I ve seen Stephen Lynch live, in this Comedy Central special, and heard his audio cds. Live is by far the best experience but this video 
It s Jimmy Carr - Need more be said?!?. Thanks for keeping a Brit sane in a country full of My wife says... jokes.Your wife is fat and ugly and 
teen wich is probably the best movie i have ever seen. i was so happy when i watdched this classicc of my childhood and found that it had aged so 
Beautiful people don t always do beautiful things. The people are beautiful, especially the female leads. Their childhood years were acted by two lovely, coltish teenagers who only hint at 
My Favorite Episode. I don t have television, haven t for 11 years. When I learned CBS was allowing free viewing over the internet I checked it out and started 
Carmen Jones. I was so impressed as a teenager when I first saw this movie that since then the opera Carmen has been my very favourite music. The story is 
Trapped in the cube. Cube is a cult hit. That basically means that it s good or innovative, but not many people know about it.Vincenzo Natali also creator of Cypher 
Long waited release. I have seen this movie on VHS back on 80-es and it just stucked in my heart. I am really glad for this DVD 2 disc release 
A blast from start to finish - plus a message. Maybe I just don t get it. But I ve loved this film ever since I first saw it in 
Ghosts! Witches! Pirates! All around Halloween fun!. Disney comedy staple Dean Jones stars as Steve Walker, the well-grounded and highly principled new track coach for little Godolphin college, located all 
Cyrano And Depardieu, With Panache. In a Parisian theater, where Cyrano has just run off a portly, mannered spouter of bad verse, a man makes the error of noticing Cyrano 
Classic Cosby. This is just classic Cosby stand-up. I think he has done better stuff, but this is a good DVD  
A classic. This is a horror sci-fi masterpiece just watch it...This film reminded me of videodrome and the fly and a little bit of eraserhead it might not be up 
the boy. i want to see adams butt  
.. Your about to become history!! State of the art!!!! . This movie was damn funny!! Excellent spoof on the arms race, with a hint of truth on Christianity...genious!! Guaranteed 
Tuesdays with Morrie. It took me all of 4 hours to read this book. It was insightful and entertaining. It was also sad. I cried so hard at the end 
Cute...and truthful about the ups and downs of friendship. When the Party s Over is a movie that one in bad situations can releate to. Bullock gives one of her 
Comes a Horseman. COMES A HORSEMAN is a romance wrapped in a western. The local cattle baron Jason Robards wants to drive out rancher Jane Fonda, who has hired on 
I LOVE this movie!!. This is one of my top ten favorite movies of all time. It s funny and beautiful, with a perfect cast. The music and the scenery 
original nestor claymation cartoon. this dvd has the original version of nestor the long eared chrismas donkey. was the only show on the dvd i watched. was great  
ONE OF THE BEST HALLOWEEN TOONS EVER!. Until this was recently released on DVD as part of the Garfield Holiday Celebrations, the only way to see this was if you 
An unusual sci-fi allegory. This film is best interpreted in a symbolic and allegorical way. The plot is too implausible and riddled with inconsistencies to be taken literally. Instead, what 
Blackmail, death, and sex invade a family. This fine film has many stories - one might be the story of individualism versus society where the former is represented by two 
Swiss Family Robinson CD. It was great fun. It helps to read the book first so that one can imagine before Disney presents their version  
Humor In the Middle of War. This is one movie experience that you shouldn t miss! Get a dose of Robin Williams outstanding comic yet brilliant acting for this Barry 
Unique Time-traveling Tale from Germany. People like me who lived through the fall of the Berlin Wall 1989 but were a little too young at the time to be paying 
Perfect...Until The Sickness Begins. The Secret Lives of Dentists is an interesting, low-key, and mature film about the life of a dentist. It s odd and that oddness makes it 
Atomic Cafe. A great documentary with a dark, ironic, humorous side of American culture as shaped by the Cold War paricularly 1950s and 1960s . I use parts of this 
Fascinating ground-level view of Japan... For the record, I thought Lost in Translation was an extremely OK film, in every way tasteful, thoughtful and, hey, there s Bill Murray and 
A Great Balanced Dramatic Comedy about Real Addiction. As an addiction counselor, who happens to be an addict and alcoholic in recovery, I found the film to a great depiction 
Great show, works now!. Avatar is one of my favorite shows. I am so thrilled that it is on Amazon. At first, the episode I downloaded didn t work, but 
On the set of Hard Justice. I played one of the many prisoners in this film. The special effects and the stunts were great, as well as working with the 
Talk about Christmas spirit... I really love Bones. It has everything: suspense, drama, humor, pretty people, fun storylines. I have yet to miss an episode, and even into Season 2 
Good bye -- illusions. I became interested in this movie after reading the book Ishmael by Daniel Quinn and learning from a friend that this movie was based on the 
Maybe I m biased but... this just could not fail with me. I love Oscar Wilde and this story. I love Rupert Everett and Colin Firth. Put them all in 
Cinderella Rocks. We ve seen several versions of Cinderella now and like this one the best. When my kids were smaller they liked the Disney version with the little mice 
how to hunt a mammoth. The devil s backbone is a horror movie like you ve never seen before - a good and intelligent one.. It really is not a 
The Glory of the Beatniks. This movie is a fast ride and a lot of fun. It is the furthest thing from a slow-moving documentary. The technical style and flair 
A high water mark for journalism and film. One of the productions of which he is the most proud, Robert Redford s ALL THE PRESIDENT S MEN should be required 
The 80 s Are Back!!!!. I thought it was a pretty funny movie. It defintely brought me a flashback from the 80 s. I loved it then and I still 
Rikki-Tikki-Tavi and Kotick too!!!. Many people remember the mongoose that saved the garden from the wicked cobras, but some forget the equally charming white seal that saved his kind from 
Anti-fascist moral disguised as a movie. Hume Croyin is the sadistic prison captain aiming for the warden s position, while Burt Lancaster is the prisoner trying to break a bunch 
Bellum Omni Vorat. War devours everything is the general theme of this more recent adaptation of Erich Maria Remarque s famous novel. Directed by Delbert Mann, the film satisfies on 
Informative. This was my first download and it was free . The download performed well. The Mystery of Edgar Allan Poe was informative. It ran up to 50 minutes. This 
Stand and Deliver. This video provides an honest report on the trials of high school students as well as the ability to overcome racial profiling. A great resource for teachers 
All Aboard!. There is nothing better than Tom Hanks in an animated movie. Children are facinated when it comes to trains, Christmas and Santa Claus. This inspirational movie will leave 
Music Man DVD. Until recently, this wasn t one of my favorites - don t know why! My husband bought it for me when we found out my daughter s 
Smart, funny, scary show. Veronica Mars is my favorite show currently on television. Although the show has been focusing more on Veronica s romantic relationship than in the past, the 
Easy 1st time trainer. We raise Chesapeake Bay Retrievers, and have used this video &amp; the corresponding book before the video was available for each of our dogs. It is 
Pretty Realistic. I went through the dot com boom and this was totally realistic. It chronicles a real world view of what was going on behind the companies insid ethe 
One remarkable film!. After watching this last night it s a shame that not more people have seen this movie, judging by the amount of reviews and ratings. Now that 
Death is not necessarily the end of life... This was on SKY movies only the other day, I had seen it when it first came out in the early 1980s 
great movie. This is great movie. It can be watched over and over again. You can allow your children grandchildren to watch also  
GOOD FOR THE SOUL. I LOVED THIS MOVIE. I SAW IT WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT AND IT WAS SUCH A GOOD FEELING MOVIE. I NEVER FORGOT IT AND I 
Mesmerising. A wonderful and warm hearted story about a neglected boy coming of age in 1960 s Paris.Pierre Boulanger plays Moises, a teenaged Jewish boy who was abandoned by his 
Excellent, and well worth it in the Directors cut. I saw this originally in the VHS theatrical release, mid 1990s. This Directors cut is streets ahead of the original theatrical 
movie fan. This film is great fun and Natalie never looked more lovlier but I ll purchase it when it is released on DVD  
Very good and filled with lots of facts. This is a good movie with a lot of facts. It is up to date with the early 90 s crashes  
Good couples movie. This is a very good movie for a couple to watch. Heart touching  
Terry Gilliam s fumble. This documentary follows Terry Gilliam s failed attempt to make a film based on Cervantes novel Don Quixote. The film follows the rising wave of disasters 
A modern day film noir... This is an interesting film, with a lot of very artistic shots. For instance one scene a killer falls down dead, and lands face to 
Indiana in India. The scene opens in Shanghai, where incredibly sexy Wilhelmina Willie Scott Kate Kapshaw leads a stunning cabaret dance, only to be stolen by Indiana Jones Harrison Ford 
An Old Favorite. It s a shame they havent brought this out on DVD yet, its an old pastime thing i remember watching as a kid. Aint seen it in 
The story of a film genius. I saw this on PBS Great Performances. This documentary is about film genius Akira Kurosawa. The documentary charts Akira Kurosawa s early life in 
Mi Vida Loca. Great movie, definately original and something many Chicanos living is SoCal can relate to or be familiar with  
Tunes of Glory- Criterion Collection DVD. Unquestionably the best movie Alex Guinness ever made.This high-definition transfer could not have been better.Guinness fans shouldn t miss this one  
Very good movie. The first time I watched In Good Company I said to myself, eh not good, not bad, just pretty average. A couple reviews reflect that. But ever 
 The sky is blue wherever you go. . It s summertime in Hamburg, and while it s a time for most people to go away on holiday, Daniel Moritz 
Torn. I like the actors they got for this movie and i think the acting done in it is well done...however if you are a Mark Wahlberg fan as i 
I love this movie. This is a really great movie. I have been waiting forever for it to come out on DVD. Devito is really good in this role. I 
An immeasurably uplifting story !. I ve always been inclined to see motivational movies -- Patch Adams, The Big fish, Good Will Hunting, etc, but this just went over my 
Download worked for me, but would like Linux support. The download process worked as advertised. I have a 3 megabit s DSL connection, but the download still took more than 
This Has Been...a Love Story. I finally made my first purchase from Amazon s Unbox Video Downloads just to try the service and am happy to report a solid customer 
Great. I ve seen this movie many times, and I was looking for it everywhere, I finally found it on [...]! For anyone who had any rebelian in their teenage 
I Like This Better Than Ian Holm s Lear Because . . . John Hurt s portrayal of the Fool is SPLENDID. So many productions of Lear get this crucial 
some people actually LIKE these movies!!!!!. ok first if you want a movie to pass the time AND not be bored with it watch spy kids 1,2,3 because i LOVE 
a very nice film from Taiwan. This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.Yi Yi literally translates as One One and in Chinese writing appears as 
The Best Version - please make the dvd. This is the best version of this story. It is well directed and acted by the talented cast. The collection of pirates 
 Nothin s Gonna Happen To Me..... . I love Sean Penn as an actor. He s so versatile and can play just about any part. I had never even 
Worth a roll of the dice. The varied reactions to this movie by other reviewers are interesting, but nonetheless surprise me. De gustibus and all that, I suppose.Released in 1987 
A True Christmas Lesson at its Best. Unlike Mr. Baker from Santa Clarita, California who rated this item 2, I think this film deserves much more than that and Jake 
One of the Best Political Movies Ever. Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman deliver Oscar worthy performances,while Jason Robards won an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in this moviewhich is in 
Sarah, Plain and Tall. The worst thing about Anna s older brother Caleb is that Mama died the day after Caleb was born. So when Papa puts an add in 
One of the Greatest Films of All Time. Vittorio De Sica s highly acclaimed film Bicycle Thieves called for years, in America, The Bicycle Thief is now presented in a 
SCHOOL OF ROCK with Jack Black!!!. Jack Black deserves more than an Academy Award for his Spectacular and Explosive Performance inSCHOOL OF ROCK!!! A Must . . . for anyone 
One of the funniest movies EVER!. If you have ever been involved in any sort of community or college theater, you have GOT to see this film. There is great 
Dvd. Hey I m a huge FNM fan, I haven t seen this video yet because I m waiting for it to come out on dvd. Does anyone know about 
Very Hilarious. Truely speaking, this is a very hilarious episode. Must see for every one  
Explosive movie, Special Features are a Dud!!. I am partial to this movie and that is why I m giving it five stars. If you like Darby O Gill and 
I ws never this emotional... I loved the movie not only because Julia was present but because of the way she ended up falling for the ill guy. Not everybody 
One of my favorites!. I love this movie and I m so glad it s coming to DVD!! This movie is absolutely a must-see for anyone who ever wondered what 
Here doggie doggie. I enjoyed Bad Moon simply because it was one of those horror flicks that was not afraid to show the monster for any length of time. Even 
Excellent Film. This film is really intriging. For someone who doesn t consider herself a drama fan, this film [...] me in and kept me hooked. The story of this 
Good if you are familiar with the music. This film is very good if you are into Factory as a whole. If you are watching it just for one band, 
This movie is for everyone, not just children. It s a story about not being afraid. I think my parents got it for me because I have a chronic lung 
Five tin stars for a great movie. Ignore all the hokum about this movie being an allegory against McCarthyism - it s much broader than that. It s about integrity, 
Lawrence Tierney Rules!!!. Yes, this film feels like a diatribe. It s probably less factual than the film version of John Dillinger s exploits that director John Milius made in 
Cast as history s ultimate femme fatale, Liz Taylor certainly appeared to be reinforcing life... Taylor stole the spotlight from Cleopatra; she was grander in her own person than she 
lost in space. you can tell the age of the person writing a review for this movie for sure -I m 45 so I love itI also love science and 
A classic from the firm. I love this workout. Some of the other reviewers have mentioned that this is a little less intense than some of the other firms. That 
shocking and unforgettable. admittedly i rented this out because of Goran Visnjic being in it..but that wasnt the main reason.As the opening scene unfolded i could see that this wasnt 
Conventional but still slyly subversive. I caught this movie on television after having avoided it in the theater, fearing it would be a conventional, mainstream comedy. It hooked me immediately 
Great classic for a great price. With a cable modem, took about 1 hour and 15 minutes to download Unbox, install the program and download the episode. It s a 
Shamefully Overlooked Southern Gothic Murder Mystery Has Atmosphere, Genuine Thrills and the Superb Blanchett. This is surely one of the most seriously underrated mystery thrillers around, which is a shame 
Epic Korean Drama. Koreans honor their greatest military hero in this epic drama which takes place in the late 1500s. The career and tactics of this Admiral are still studied 
Next to listening to his recordings, this is a fine tribute to a great jazz musician. I am not usually a big fan of bio-pics about genius musicians because it 
 Shall We Dance? . When I m fairly certain that the world just may not be unfolding as it should, the temperature is near 100, and the U. S. 
Just what I need... I have never been big on self-help books; many of them are too stuffy, or technical, or don t really relate to what I m going 
Heavyweights. I love this movie! I could not find it in any store, and Amazon.com had it! MY movie came very quickly and in great condition  
Best Christmas Movie EVER. I really can t say anything new that hasn t been said about this great movie, except read Jean Shepherd s novels...you will get a whole 
Where s the party at?. If all you have ever seen of Mark Dacascos is his villanous role in CRADLE 2 THE GRAVE, then DRIVE is as good a place 
Fools rush in. DVD newcomer Fort Apache 1948 looks great, with minimal wear on its crisp black-and-white images from original nitrate elements and bugle-brisk audio. The film, ironically, finds Henry 
Star Trek At Its Best. Shore Leave is one of the best episodesof the classic series. It uses all thesci fi props but also has a great story,if you don 
the choices we have to make will always haunt us. a brilliant character study of an upper middle class jewish german family who escape to kenya in the days before 
gripping and highly benedictive of my CHAIN SAW MAN series of books. THE TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE-LEATHERFACE is a fabulous film, which I have owned on VHS for well over 10 
A Misunderstood Masterpiece. Not that many movies have been more loved or hated in the history of motion pictures. Considered a lesser effort and a misfire in David Lean s 
THANK YOU FOR THE TRIBUTE TO FLEISHER SUPERMAN CARTOONS. The Superman serials from Columbia had cartoons in tribute to the Fleisher cartoons of a few year before. It was very 
Great DVD, Music, Artist and Story. Cuban Music. !!!Nothing better. Buy this DVD because it is a great beautiful story.Because it brings to the front the great talent and warmth 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
One of my favorites of all caper movies. Based on the book and directed by Michael Crichton, this enjoyable caper movie from 1979 brings together a fantastic cast in an 
Angela Bassett Halle Berry. Halle Berry is very attractive and I am sure that the roll she played in Monster s Ball was difficult but Angela Bassett deserved the monumental 
V For Vendetta. Great flick with plenty of special effects and great audio and it even has the semblance of a plot. Politicians, watch out  
As True Now As Then. Back in my Army days When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth it was a common belief among many, if not most, of us laboring for the 
The night of the fricken Twisters. The movie is awesome. I really enjoyed the ending where the family is in there 1980 dodge minivan and they are driving 200mph and 
Informative. Nice little video for my Zen during my long wait at the doctor s office. Confucius overcame many difficulties  
family great. From Soup to Nuts is a great watch. The entire family, especially the 11 year old, absolutely loved it. My husband is a huge Laurel and Hardy fan 
Kind of surreal... Over the course of 90 minutes, we see Uganda s army run a faux invasion of the &quot;Golan Heights&quot;, Amin Dada lecture physicians about drunkeness and a 
Mein Gott!. I love this movie, okay. It has to be the most vulgar movie I have ever watched in my entire life, but I love this movie. I kept 
He s just a boy who can t say no. Shampoo is probably the most sophisticated sex comedy ever made in this country. It s a very clear-eyed and very 
A Valuable Message. I liked this movie very much. It was entertaining, funny, charming, but I especially liked the twist toward the end. I felt it put out a message 
Great Program for Kids. My kids & I absolutely LOVE this program. The kids on this program are having fun, because it is a fun workout, and my kids & 
Finally, a great DVD film transfer of this classic!. This DVD put out by NoShame Films is the best quality DVD of this film ever put out!The picture and sound 
My Favorite Episode. I don t have television, haven t for 11 years. When I learned CBS was allowing free viewing over the internet I checked it out and started 
salsa-riffic!. i just rented this movie without hearing anything about it. i am a lover of foreign flicks to begin with especially anything the bbc films produce. this film combines 
Well Done Movie with Some Language Mix-Ups. Successful in describing what Cuba is all about, this film is also about life. It made me think that, not only in this 
Honest opinion of Ryan s Daughter. Superb video and audio quality on the DVD and simply a great movie!  
very funny and entertaining. I love this movie. I am a great fan of both Doris Day and James Garner- legends of hollywood.  
Ooh, so hot but you re breakin my heart!. Twelfth Night may be one of Shakespeare s lesser known plays but this production really hit it with my entire family 
Sergeant York CD. So glad that this wonderful and inspiring movie finally made it to CD format. Wonderful quality. This is my husband s all-time favorite movie and it is 
Absolutely riveting!. No this isn t Courtney of Friends, but once you get past that - this is MUST WATCH TV! While the show has content that can be shocking, 
Simply Inspirational. This book is so easy to read it is as if you are having a conversation with a close friend. I was so inspired by this book, I 
She s old... so old... she creaks... and pops.... An average MST 3K, hillarious in some parts, a little dull in others, but the good parts are worth the 4 
Fox has not taste. Once again, Fox has cancelled a brilliant show. While it is occasionally a bit off-color, the dialogue is brilliant, but apparently people couldn t follow the 
Magnificent. `The Greatest Story Ever Told is magnificent. It has a classic sweep and splendor that lives up to its title. While there are some questional interpretations, and some scenes 
God said to Abraham Kill me a son . The wind is in the thorn tree.Yep, there is nothing exceptional to this Rambo formula remake. They use all the same 
Very Good British Crime Drama!. Essex Boys is a very good British gangster flick. The main character Jason Locke Sean Bean has just been released from prison. After a very 
My favorite movie. Sometimes you just want a movie that is predictable, but that you can watch over and over again  
return to lonesome dove. the movie was very clear and the colors very bright. we were very pleased with our purchase and will continue to order from amazon,the shippment was 
Great Music! Great Step Routine!. I love the step workout. If I only have 10 minutes to work out, I ll stretch first, then start wherever I last left the 
Brilliant but unwatchable. I saw this at what I believe was it s European premiere in Edinburgh. It was like watching a beautifully choreographed car crash - sublime yet horrifying. 
A WONDERFUL VEHICLE FOR ERROL FLYNN. The performances of Flynn and Rathbone shine in this fine remake of the 193O original - which conveniently used much of the same aerial 
Think you used enough dynamite there, Butch?. First off, let me state up front that I have been remiss in my reviewing duties. It s just that I haven t 
State and Main, , The Old Water Mill or Without Title. This gem of a movie was probably not a blockbuster when released. The storyline is thin and almost non-existent, 
Dickens. This is a must for Dickens fans. Great story about estate and probate litigation gone crazy  
An intense look at the psychological aftermath of war. This is a great movie. The time: immediately following the Second World War. The place: Scotland, specifically the Scotts Highland Regiment. 
Great movie, but poor transfer. This is my favorite version of the book. The romance between Jane Seymour s Ethne and Beau Bridge s Harry is the key to the 
Fantastic horror cult fave!. Three lovely ladies who have been friends since College decide to take a vacation together camping as later it becomes a nightmare when two hillbilly cretins 
Neuremburg Trial of Infany. I found this to be well done, close to factual. It would have been better if they had spent more time on the war crimes prisoners 
As Good as an Oscar Nominee Gets. All right, this is five stars by the special standards of Hollywood. One could project other expectations. However, I was both shaken and 
Be afraid, be very afraid... Seth Brundle Goldblum is a scientist who might just have invented the world s first teleporter. The only bug pun intended is the fact that 
Hilarious Comedy. This is a stunning comedy starring Jim Carrey who plays a lawyer, who is incapable of telling the truth or keeping his promises is this really a surprise!!! 
Lange did deserve the award!. Jessica Lange plays a stressed out &quot;crazy&quot; military housewife who moves with her husband tommy lee jones and kids from hawaii to alabama. She gets 
Underrated, Entertaining. This is a fine movie that was unfairly panned by critics. There IS some clumsiness to it--the use of flashbacks towards the end doesn t work. They seem 
Epic Korean Drama. Koreans honor their greatest military hero in this epic drama which takes place in the late 1500s. The career and tactics of this Admiral are still studied 
Surprisingly good. I thought that Supernatural would just be another Sci-Fi thriller, but then I started watching it and was surprised to discover that there is real plot line and 
Top 5 of the funniest movies I have seen. This is a truly funny movie. The main character is so out of her element that it is totally belivable how 
JET LI- MY FAVOURITE MOVIE YET!. Of all the movies I have seen Jet Li in this one is my favourite.Dont get me wrong I have enjoyed Jets movies a 
a dvd of clips from skits. very funny and if you think it is a movie it is not it is parts from monty python stuff. FUNNY MOMENTS!!!watch monty python 
I enjoyed the season premeir emensely. I enjoyed this series premier tremendously and am looking forward to watching the rest of the series. Enterprise started before I had my PVR 
My Favorite show. Boys town and sequael Men in Boys Town are the by far my most favorite films. I watch them on an old VHS copied from TV in 
luminousity on film. I will go out on a limb here and declare this movie the most heartbreakingly beautiful film I ever saw. I went to see it when it 
It just........sparkles!!!. The architecture, fashion, interior design of post-war America is all right here in 50s NYC. You just can t beat it!! Yeah, it s corny in more places 
Excellent read!!!. I loved this book! It is a very simple story on the surface, but how the entire story is an allegory is fascinating. I think that people can 
An Emotional Journey. I have no words to describe how this movie touched me. One girl s faith, passion for truth and justice, determination to follow a calling, and great 
Very Depressing Tale. The title of this movie holds no secrets. The Virgin suicides may have its up and downs throughout the movie but the whole time the viewer is 
The Cutting Edge is a Cut Above. A working class Olympic hockey star is looking to turn pro when he gets a body slam that costs him peripheral vision and 
Great movie. My son who turned nine was just thrilled with the concept of being called to active service from a video game. Being a gamer himself I m sure 
ONE OF THE GREATEST MINISERIES THE 80-IS HAVE TO OFFER. Herman Wouk s book `Winds of war became a bestseller upon its publication, just like its sequel `War and Remembrance 
The Great Race. Classis style humour of the 1960 s with classic actors playing consistent character roles. One of my favorite early comedy movies. Push the button Max will always 
Monster talks up Values! Monster plays Accordion!. Lots of folks have said that Barbet Schroeder s cinematic masterpiece and ballsy documentary General Idi Amin Dada: A Self-Portrait is chilling and 
Red hot romance!. Here is a tale about two young teenagers who are stranded on an island somewhere and eventually fall in love. The stars,Brooke Shields and Christopher Atkins were 
In Orange VCD. First off, I m giving this 5 stars because this concert is superb if purchased in the correct format.But the point of my review is to comment 
A high water mark for journalism and film. One of the productions of which he is the most proud, Robert Redford s ALL THE PRESIDENT S MEN should be required 
What s so racist about this movie?. I don t see anything racist about this movie. The two main characters are nowhere near stereotypical asians sure, Harold and Kumar are 
Why won t you go out with me?. Robert downey plays a smooth talikng problem solver who tries to pick up a good-two-shoes teacher who is also a really good 
See the Exodus in this film?. I saw the Exodus in this film. Like the Hebrews, they left the land and wandered to the place in Fivers mind where they 
classic. If you are into Hip Hop and don t own this then you should! It s a capture of the early eighties scene on the edge of going worldwide..the 
I had forgotten how charming this movie is. This is from a time when Europe loved us, in a way. The premise of the plot, was thatall a little country 
A charming, clever British comedy. Charles Laughton is typically wonderful in his broadly-played role as England s King, Henry the Eigth, who infamously married six different queens, divorcing or executing 
Serious Science Fiction Shocker. Tuesday is Soylent Green Day.That ominous statement is delivered in the film as a kind of TV advertisement, an informational message aimed at the desperate denizens 
One of Akira Kurosawa s finest !. This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.Ran is a loose adaptation of Shakespeare s King Lear and remains 
I attended Mission . I attended Morehouse College all-boys HBCU in 2004-2005, took classes at Spelman all-girls HBCU , and I saw the same issues 16 years after School Daze 
A Dose Of The AIDS Plague. This was a wonderful movie about a group of very good friends. The acting is realistic for the movies sake. It will definately pull 
Great production values, good story. By far the best of the Scarlet Pimpernel films. Wonderful costumes and sets, but what really sets it apart is the way that Anthony Andrews 
GREAT. OK now first for the people who said women should find this movie offensive. I AM a woman and I am a mother. Now let me say as a 
I figured it out...... I think this girl is really on drugs. Not sleeping right, Not eating, paranoid, Seeing Shadow People, Always itching her nose, and itching her arm. She 
A tale of media. On the lines of Wag the Dog, but nowhere near as powerfully satiric dark, is 15 Minutes. The basic undercurrent of the movie is the theme 
Technically a B movie but has the heart of an A!. This has been one of my favorite movies for as long as I can remember. Even when I was 
An under appreciated classic. This is without doubt one of the finest Christmas flicks ever made. Cary Grant just does Cary Grant sooooo Well. I highly recommend this movie once 
Great Movie. I saw this movie eons ago as a child and never forgot it. I only remembered bits and pieces of the film. I searched Amazon.com for months to 
ONE OF THE BEST SUBMARINE TRUE-STORIES FEATURES RUSSIAN HEROES. IN A NUTSHELL: UNDERRATED - UNDERVALUED - UNDEREXPOSED -Excellent submarine thriller with the added attraction of having been based on a 
...When I was very small... This episode of Star Trek, The Man Trap is my earliest memory of what would become a lifelong enjoyment of the franchise. Truthfully, The Man 
Sir Gielgud steals the show. As others have noted, Arthur is a delightful comedy taken from the 1930s screwball My Man Godfrey genre. It is an effectively told, outlandish story 
still makes me laugh. I ve always fondly remembered this movie. Bette Midler and Danny De Vito have perfect comic timing. :-D  
 Dr. Katz Revisited. Upon hearing a synopsis of this movie, I was immediately reminded of a favorite episode of Dr. Katz bring back Dr. Katz! , and on that 
razor sharp like cactus. this is one of the best western i have seen.where alan ladd s performance is powerful, razor sharp with a whip lashing command in his voice. 
Way to Go Amazon! Very cool. Just got done watching the show and it was awesome. Of course I had to download the tool, how else do you get started? 
Awesome!. Barbra Streisand has always been controvertial. I admire how she has spotted some of the untouchable topics in American movies. Full of criticism and courage, the plot is well-thought 
Funny,Funny,Funny. Even though this is about 4 years old, it is extremely halarious. I ve been waiting to see a good stand up comedy. The first 15 min is just 
The blueprint for all the slasher movies to come that s right even HALLOWEEN . This is one of those gem that sliped under the waves in 1974 that is 
Stolen Dignity. In Italy s classic movie, `The Bicycle Thief, sociology and story come together as one for post World War II Italians. Convincing and with heart, we experience the 
Everyone can be a 13 year old boy. There aren t enough movies like this these days. Family oriented centered actually , adventure with edutainmental attributes.Great cast, great score, great 
Unforgettable. This has always been one of my alltime cinema favorites and I was happy to see it available on DVD. The story, the script, the direction, and the acting 
Finally a good title goes out of print from Criterion. I have recently purchased this recently out of print title from the Criterion Collection and I must say I was 
I Want Those Arms is just fantstic!!!. I bought this tape because on most other exercise tapes they don t focus enough on arms, so this is the perfect tape 
Leaves this and goes to....Burning Down da House ?. This movie is very nice and right....I mean enjoyable.I just can t understand how Steve Martin lowered his standards in the 
laughoutloud. Nostalgia for my childhood recently caused me to buy and watch the Cheech and Chong movies with the exception of The Coriscan Brothers . Aside from realizing I shouldn 
Informative. This was my first download and it was free . The download performed well. The Mystery of Edgar Allan Poe was informative. It ran up to 50 minutes. This 
The Road. I love this film. Everyone must see it, at least once. Just as everyone should taste ice cream or smell a bouquet of fresh lilies-of-the-valley, or fall in 
Audacious in subject matter as well as style... Alain Resnais does not neglect the blast of Hiroshima by wrapping it with a simple love-affair...His film is puzzling, but, at the 
DO buy this movie!. Don t Drink the Water is hysterical! I am a huge Woody Allen Fan and have seen nearly all of his movies. There are some movies 
a classic. I ve watched this movie for the seventh time recently and still can t get enough. I bought the DVD knowing that I ll want to watch it 
A Boy and His Mom, based on Super-toys Last All Summer Long . Steven Spielberg is the best movie director ever, if not the greatest human being on our Earth... 
The best known Soviet film about WWII. This review id for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film.Ballad of a Soldier, released with the Russian language title of Ballada 
Your Mission if You choose to Accept It. Tom Cruise s third and his last Mission is an action thriller that works on so many levels. It works since J.J. 
Absolutely a 5 STAR movie..!!!. This is one of Hollywood s Classics..!! Stars Gary Cooper as Prof. Bertram Potts and Barbara Stanwyck as Sugarpuss O Shea. The plot revolves around 
A Great Homage To The Golden Age. This movie is fantastic!! It pays homage to the great monster movies of the Golden Age. All the horror films of today have 
Interpreter. I just purchased this dvd and watched it last night. I also watched Murder on a Sunday Afternoon, a couple pf weeks ago. They are both pretty much the 
Chorus Line CD. Many years ago we took my grand Daughter to see chorus Line on stage; I tryed for years to find this CD to give to my now 
His favorite wife is in the honeymoon suite down the hall. A befuddled Nick Arden Cary Grant can t seem to decide between his bride Gail Gail Patrick and his 
Superb Bardem Galvanizes Painterly Look at Reinaldo Arenas. Spanish-born actor Javier Bardem gives a staggering performance as Cuban poet Reinaldo Arenas, which is lucky since he is in almost every 
Grand Movie. Set during Napoleon s rule this movie will thrill you with the twists and turns when it comes to one thing called: Revenge. You ll learn how an 
Has a charming attraction with a meaningful message. A woman is frustrated with many important aspects of her life. Her own father and her husband don t care for her 
The Sentinel is Still Worth Watching. Spoiler Alert: It is rather hard to review this film without giving away some key components. I don t normally include so-call spoilers in 
dvd. Second posting received very shortly after first went missing! Very assuring that Amazon attended to  
We all travel that road!. This review may contain spoilers! This film is incredibly moving,disturbing and heart-breaking. The pathos may be matched by a small handful of films, but I 
Best school drama of all time. This is about an actual event carried in the L.A.Times 20 years ago. It s about a tough-as-nails high school math teacher, Jaime Escalante, 
Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST!. The Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST drama I have seen ever. Korean, American, doesn t matter! This is better than anything 
The Molly Maguires. This is not a factual account of the Molly Maguires struggle in the anthracite coal region of Pennsylvania between 1860-1880, but it is interesting and emotes an 
Where Did this wonderful movie come from?. I watched this movie yesterday for the first time and I was completely blown away by the magnitude of Michael Keaton s performance. 
The best historical war drama from the Far East. I have seen many historical war dramas from Far East mainly China s and most of them are not only historically 
Nice soap opera. I liked the mini series. Acting is good. Scenery lovely. Costuming is superb. Gives the viewer a real feel for the place and time.Unfortunately there are some 
Actors Upstaged By Some Beautiful HOT Cars!!!. I sometimes wonder about the mentality of geek scriptwriters in Hollywood. It seems like one of these nerds thought Let s make a 
Very Bad Things. You have to be in the right mood for this one, Good Movie if you are  
A Fun and by no means Unfortunate Adaptation. A delightful little movie based on a series of delightful little children s stories with, maybe, a bit more bite than the 
Just plain funny. You must suspend normal belief when you watch this....like I do when I watch a musical performance....in a musical you must stop and go with the flow 
To be forced to look at something this repulsive, and still wanting to go along... There are few pictures which can makes us experience the feelings and emotions of a 
 COME TO THE ASYLUM..... . I just finished watching Amicus Productions Asylum and was thoroughly entertained throughout! This collection of macabre tales is imaginative, intelligent and contain some genuine 
Clever comment on Reaganism set in a galaxy of post-transformational liberalism. Just kidding, I don t know what I m talking about. You should see this movie if you like:1 
personalizing war. Sydney Schanberg received the Pulitzer Prize in 1976 for his reporting as the NY Times correspondent in Cambodia 1972-1975 . This story dramatizes his relationship with his Cambodian 
Boatload of fun! recommended . What more could you ask for in a movie? Are you delighted by Cary Grant s charm or Sophia Loren s beauty? Do you want 
Good choice. My son is 8 years old and he loves this game. He is a bionicle fanatic!  
Meet Me in St Louie. I saw this movie when I whas young. It brought back memories. Good one to  
National Treasure. This is a very enteraining movie and really enjoyed all of the intrigue that it had and the good ending  
FAVORITE EPISODE. IT WAS ONE OF MY FAVORITE EPISODES A WAY TO GET BUFFY AND ANGEL TOGETHER WITHOUT CHANGING THE STORYLINE. AND THE CHARACTERS WHERE ABLE TO EXPRESS HOW THEY 
The Dark Side. This is one of Allen s darker films and immediately any Allen fan can tell because of how raw it is... Allen s films are usually devoid 
That s what you get for being a fan!. I own the first two volumes of the Lost Treasures series and am waiting for the third to arrive on my 
All the Right Company. Dennis Quaid ranks high in our family video night; both the Parent Trap and the Rookie are among our young children s favorites. For my wife 
Fascinating film. Great film about human relationships -- culture, tradition and self-determination. No where near as controversial as one might guess from the bruhaha  
The Brilliant wonder of Catherine Keener Shines in this pick. This is the film that introduced me to the wonderment of Catherine Keener, Liv Schreiber and Anne Heche. Plus it 
Great Stuff. Wow, this movie was fun. I never saw it before and, because I ve been on a big Hammer and Amicus kick lately, took a chance on it. 
A great movie, a visual FEAST!. I own Kama Sutra- it s one of my favorites in my movie collection. I too, thoroughly enjoyed this movie and agree with many 
Needs Avatar the last airbender. Okay you guys have amazing, cool, and sweet videos on Amazon. My favorite though is Avatar and I have bought every single episode you have 
Painted a picture for me... Having Asperger s Syndrome, I was having trouble picturing what is in the book, so when I watched the movie I finally had an idea 
Yellowbeard. Not really for younger kids, but what a hoot, all star cast from monty pythons flying circus. Have to watch more than once to catch all of the little 
Bring In On - All Or Nothing Full Screen . Received in Factory Sealed Unopened Condition and in time for Christmas. Thanks  
Sergeant York DVD. My all time favorite movie. I had about wore out the VHS tape of Sergeant York which I have had for several years and had hoped a 
I remember ma ma. This movie is one of the most educational films for kids of today to watch.It shows kids how they should look up to their elders and 
Surprisingly good. I thought that Supernatural would just be another Sci-Fi thriller, but then I started watching it and was surprised to discover that there is real plot line and 
Breezy Tracy-Hepburn Workplace Comedy Benefits Mainly from Their Teamwork. If you replace the constant use of the term automation with outsourcing , this 1957 workplace-driven comedy would be quite a 
On the Town. This exhilarating musical comedy, featuring respectively the fancy footwork and infectious crooning of GIs Kelly and Sinatra, perfectly captures the optimistic spirit that held sway in the 
A horror movie that strives for something more. Freaks is surprisingly still intriguing and unique 75 years after it s original release. The story is interesting and the acting fairly 
A woman against the magistrate s authority. It seems that many people think that a woman is totally sujectunder male-dominant society. Under Confucious order, Koreawas male dominant society and woman 
Good HD film!. I got this to see what a WMVHD film looks like on an HDTV and it looks great. It s not very long but the footage of 
An excellent movie. Jack Lemon gives a memorable, great performance. This movie also shows how the disease of alcoholism takes over and affects not only the drinker but his family 
Awesome. A must have for anime comedy fans. Being a big fan of anime comedy the intelligent, yet lame humor I was eager to see El Hazard The magnificent world 
Four Rooms DVD. This movie is a classic, especially for those who love Tim Roth  
 Dog Soldiers . I surprisingly enjoyed this movie. It is a little choppy and hard to understand what is going on at first, but it is well worth the 
Very Enjoyable. I really enjoyed this film and I know nothing about soccer. I liked the acting and as a teacher I found the relationshop between CF and his students 
Jesus of Nazereth - DVD. Excellent movie on the life of Christ. Well done, and mostly holds true to the gospel accounts. Recommended for anyone interested in Christianity, or even 
Love the new download!. I wanted it for my collection, however you can sift through all the youtube stuff and end up with the same video for free if you 
Laugh out loud funny. I ve seen Stephen Lynch live, in this Comedy Central special, and heard his audio cds. Live is by far the best experience but this video 
Middle class, middle aged Baby Boomers, was this you?. This movie probably falls flat for anyone not of the characters ages...at the time of this movie early 80 s , 
Submarine Creature Comes After Belle!. Creature from the Black Lagoon 1954 is an extraordinary class B film!I ve seen it when it was first released to theaters in Argentina Yes 
Taking Care of Business. Taking Care of Business is one of the FUNNIEST movies that I have seen. IT S MY ALL-TIME FAVORITE  
A Really Cool Movie That Fans Will Enjoy. This movie has always ranked high as one of my personal favorites in the series. The 3D scenes may look cheesy without 
good movie. Action packed thriller of an undercover cop. LL Cool J along with fellow rappers Ice-T and Ice-Cube have crossed over into the world of acting. LL plays a 
Me and Mrs. Jones. This is a very good movie to watch and especially if you are familiar with European customs. Robson Green is one of my favorite British actors 
Great Robert Patrick flick!. Wow, I was taken back by this movie. I have never heard of it before, and I m a big fan of Robert Patrick. I had 
If not Altman s greatest film, certainly one of his top five.... This, along with Nashville, are my favorite Altman films. This is one of the most beautiful, haunting, sad, 
The book is better. Yes, the scenery is wonderful, but the book is paced better. And, having grown up on a farm, how the heck did they think anyone would 
5 Stars Remastered Little Mermaid is Spectacular Five Stars. My wife and I just watched this disney movie with our 8 year old son.The colors are exquisite, deeply saturated, clear 
solid acting and excellent story. I really liked this film. It s not a groundbreaking movie in any way, though. It s about a bunch of underdog kids who aren 
Good Movie. If you like fantasy movies with a good bit a drama added in, then you ll like this one. I really liked it. I d watch it two 
Most Interesting Pre Code Examination Of Marital Infidelity With An Oscar Winning Norma Shearer. These early thirties films labelled as Pre Code , are always most interesting to watch from 
Step aside Bond, Diabolik is here!. I will keep this short and sweet. Underground lairs, 60 s sports cars, beautiful women, exotic locals, hippies smoking pot at an orgy and 
So entertaining! Way to go! VERY LIGHT HEARTED FUN!. You d want to live in the 1980 s with a film like this. A Bit of rock n roll, love, 
Worth Watching For Cast Alone. I am a hugh fan of Robert Newton, made famous as Long John Silver in Disney s Treasure Island. Seeing him in his younger days 
In the mouth of awesomeness!. This film just rocks, probably the best film in Neill s carrear asside from Event Horizon . Master of horror John Carpenter Halloween, The Thing 
A Classic of European Films. French director Louis Malle made in this one, in my opinion, his greatest work.Briefly -and mainly- this is the story of two kids in a 
long lost cinderella. i have waited for fourty years to see this movie ,i enjoyed it as a child and now my seven year old daugther can enjoy it with 
Enjoyable, sexy and dark!. Mitchum stars in a noir film that specifically suits his reticent, subversive style. Out of the Past is true to the noir genre. The plot--an unusually 
Warm and fuzzy. This one has one of those touching endings where you get to see that even Booth has a heart...well, more so than we already know. The ending 
Becket - A classic. Finally,this DVD movie is on Pre-Order.A much awaited release,long due ..now little less than 3months away.Grab your copy now  
Assassination buffs this is a must. You may not agree with all the wild conspiracy ideas, and you may believe in the lone assassin like myself. However, I really think 
Another great Slater Film. Having seen parts of this film over a span of the last decade or so, without fully seeing all of it, I noticed this DVD on 
Great Show. Bones is one of my favorite TV series. This one episode I missed so I had to get it to keep on track. Great show even if you 
A Favorite. The actors and the story, of course, are so engaging. It s an uplifting story for anyone with a romantic soul. Another winning UK production!  
Absolutely hilarious, but you ll either love it or hate it. When I first saw this movie on the shelf at the local video store, I had quite a bit 
Fox has not taste. Once again, Fox has cancelled a brilliant show. While it is occasionally a bit off-color, the dialogue is brilliant, but apparently people couldn t follow the 
Nice date night movie!. Add one part love story and one part baseball sports flick and you have a great date night movie! This is a wonderful movie to watch. 
Fantastic Character Study. You do not have to be Catholic to appreciate the towering schievement that The Nun s Story is. This is an example of what Hollywood used to 
Classic Propoganda Film. October is a re-telling of the events of the Russian revolution. However, it was commissioned as a propoganda piece so that the only character that stands out 
return to Easter Beagle. Go back in time to when you were younger and watched Snoopy on television. It s just that great to see the Charlie Brown gang waiting 
Nice and awesome. I absolutely love Atlantis. From Ronon Dex, to Sheppard, and to all the faces. I d cry if Atlantis was cancelled. Seriously though, Steve should have never 
A Subtle yet Powerful Western. Michael Winner s CHATO S LAND may seem a bit below standard from other films that he directed but the strength in this film comes 
The best movie ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I love this movie!!! it is the best movie ever!!!!!!!!! it has so many things that poor hispanics and go through. Its kind of sterotypical but 
Kind, Friendly and Enjoyable. Sure this movie has some bad acting and low budget animation, but I don t care about that. The plot was very good, it was touching, 
Russian Revolution. As a girl from Russia i want to tell - this is a very good movie about turning point of my Fatherland s histor  
One Of The Great American Novels. This edition of LITTLE WOMEN is great! First of all, there s the wonderful story of the March family in the years during and 
movie. It was a very unusual movie. I was a bit confused about their relationship, but I was entertained enough to watch the whole thing  
Kind, Friendly and Enjoyable. Sure this movie has some bad acting and low budget animation, but I don t care about that. The plot was very good, it was touching, 
The Crow Of Diamonds?. Another Bert I. Gordon masterpiece, The Beginning of the End features a wooden Peter Graves waxing philosophic about the effects of radiation on locusts not grasshoppers 
FORT APACHE-THE GREATEST WESTERN EVER!!. I have another review of this GREAT John Ford classic under the John Wayne-John Ford Collection ,which includes eight 8 classic Wayne-Ford motion Pictures that 
Star Trek At Its Best. Shore Leave is one of the best episodesof the classic series. It uses all thesci fi props but also has a great story,if you don 
 WE WILL BLACKEN YOUR SKIES AND BURN YOUR CITIES TO THE GROUND AND WIPE YOUR DIRTY LITTLE EMPIRE OFF THE FACE OF THE EARTH . This is an inspiring 
It s Jimmy Carr - Need more be said?!?. Thanks for keeping a Brit sane in a country full of My wife says... jokes.Your wife is fat and ugly and 
You don t like movies if you don t like this. After watching this movie one Friday night I immediately watched it again. Did I just see that was my 
A Great Update. This classic looks great in the new format, happy to have it back in our librar  
 Songcatcher Captures the Heart. Songcatcher , starring a wonderful ensemble cast including, Janet McTeer, Aidan Quinn and Emmy Rossum, in what I believe is her debut performance, is a 
is that all i can give it-5 stars?. Samantha Morton is so good in this you ll cry.you ll laugh too so how can you beat that?Sean Penn gives a 
Fast Foward - Fun Movie. This is a great movie. Some make fun of the cheesy story line but by the end of the movie you will be singing all 
awesome movie!. This movie is a wonderful follow up to the first...Anne has the same charming spirit and the cast is just as wonderful as they were the first time. 
My man Dr Smith is a riot in this episode. Dr Smith and the Robot go hog wild, switching personalities and swapping insults. This is a great episode  
A brilliant film!. This film tells a powerful story, a Crime and Punishment -esque recovery of the soul, except without the ending that Dostoevsky had in his novel. After Neel 
Very good movie!. It s very cool in my honest opinion and very good action and special effects! And the very hot Mario Van Peebles makes it AWESOME!!  
 Is this the Austrailian Sound?! I want the Austrailian sound! . First of all,I highly recommend the review below, by the guy named Sideburns. I think he captures the 
I want the music!. well ,I like the movie very much ,it makes me feel excited when I watch the movie,also i like the original soundtrack of if,but fortunetely i 
Election. Election sounds like a good movie and I am looking forward to seeing it.Rated R for strong sexualtly,sex-related dialague and language and a scene of drug use.Canada:14A.Warning:Not for children 
Funniest couple. This comedy is a classic. It is not only the plot which is based on a play by Neil Simon but the cast makes this film a comedy 
i so loved this movie so much!. This movie is so comforting to me.Its sweet, funny and def. gives you a message.No matter how green the grass may seem A 
 Wizards is truly magical!. If you like swords-and-sorcery films, this one is for you. Throw in just a little bit of technology, and you have the makings of a 
Scared me away from the bathtub when I was 15!. THis was the first scary movie I ever saw in the cinema, and it made a strong impression on me. 
Breathtaking video!!. Discover what wildlife enthusiasts have clamored for! The pioneering wildlife acheivements of Walt Disney s filmmakers, brought to video by popular demand. The award winning TRUE-LIFE ADVENTURES series 
Wow!. In Hell is one of the best JCVD movies from his recent direct to video offerings. In the film, he plays Kyle LeBlanc, a French-American man living and working 
Excellent, Great Tom Hanks Performance. I really don t understand people saying that Tom Hanks s performance was was not good or that he overplayed the part. I think his 
Eddie and the Cruisers. The movies were purchased for my wife - she has enjoyed both Eddie and the Cruisers and Eddie Lives very much -- she would highly recomend 
Jon Cryer...hot at any age. This movie was cute back in the 80 s and it still is today. Jon Cryer is wonderfully charming and Annabeth Gish is one lucky 
Everyone is human. This episode is a bit different than the others I have seen, although I have not yet seen all of season 2 yet. Without giving anything away, 
 It s a sin to be ashamed of what you are - and it s a sin to lie about who you are. . Made in 1959, Douglas Sirk 
Food for Thought. A previous reviewer noted that the film was basically a platform to expound on George Bernard Shaw s views on munitions, war and other issues of the 
Great quality. There is a good reason you d want to buy this from Amazon. The quality. Sure, you can watch it for free on CBS, but the quality isn 
Submarine Creature Comes After Belle!. Creature from the Black Lagoon 1954 is an extraordinary class B film!I ve seen it when it was first released to theaters in Argentina Yes 
All it takes is just a little heart and courage on your part ... Well, this was a random purchase on my part, so I thought I was prepared for 
One of Dudley Moore s best. This movie is so fitting of Moore [He plays an orchestra conductor.] since he was an accomplished musician himself. It s roll-on-the-floor humour when 
Video in time for Valentine s. Since I ordered the video on February 13th - I was so impressed by how fast it arrived at my house!! Less than 24 
Mother s Day All Time Favorite Horror!. I First Saw this Movie When I Was About 9 Or 10 Years Old Back In 1984 Or 1985 At My Mom And 
More intense than the first one. Abs of Steel 2 uses most of the same exercises from Abs of Steel 1, but increases the reps, speed, and duration of them. 
An animated treasure!!!!!!!!. What can I say...I laughed, I cried...and that is saying a lot given the fact that I almost never cry; especially not over a movie. I can 
Sleeper movie will wake you into shuddering dread. 15 Minutes is a horrifying and gritty peek into the injustice of the American legal system and also the news media. Wow, 
I Liked Drunks But I LOVED! CLEAN AND SOBER!. I gave a DVD called Drunks Three stars and it earned each of them. I just finished watching Clean and Sober 
van damme at his best. love this movie jean claude van damme at his best great fun for all action fans do not miss this one  
Powerful and Moving!!!. This is a fine film that stresses the importance of culture and family while never losing its entertainment value. Following the same Mexican-American family from one generation 
Not your average night of theatre. Samuel Beckett s, soon to be classic, drama about two men, Vlad and Estro, transcends stage-play drama. Beckett s relatively short story is a 
Silly title--great film. Andula Hana Brejchova is a young factory worker who lives in a dorm with other young women in the dreary town of Zruc during Communist rule in 
My favorite version of Alice... . I saw this several times as a kid and it always stuck in my head. It s a beautiful English production that has a 
Kiss Today Goodbye. This is a 1985 release, and stars Michael Douglas as a Broadway director casting dancers for a large production. I enjoyed the movie, yet completely agree with 
Great classic for a great price. With a cable modem, took about 1 hour and 15 minutes to download Unbox, install the program and download the episode. It s a 
One of the BEST episodes!. I urge everyone out there to download this episode! This one totally rocks! Shep, a Wraith and Kolya all in one episode! Any episode with 
My All Time Fave!. As I put Tombstone in my list of top 5 favorite movies, it wound up at the top of the list. I m typically not one 
beautiful, cannibal masterpeice. although ruggero deodatos cannibal hollocaust is probably the gratest cannibal film ever made, i must say that his earlier film, jungle hollocaust is much more enjoyable. the 
Long Tall Dexter. Dexter Gordon is Dale Turner, an ex-patriot jazz musician living in Paris and playing nightly at the Blue Note. His character is based loosely on Lester Young 
I served in Bosnia with SFOR. I served in the US Army with SFOR. I think this is an excellent and well done film. It is perhaps the most accurate 
Great Movie!!. The acting, writing, and complete look of the film are completely fantastic. Everything is fantastic, but Jim Carrey steals the scenes, in a very good way. Every time 
John freaking Candy. He is the man... If you don t like John Candy, then you can get he f ck out. He make a big ss pancake then flips 
Daniel Deronda: A Prince among Men. Wow....If the ratings could go higher than 5 stars, I d sure give it at least a 7!. The actor who plays Daniel Deronda 
REQUIRED VIEWING. . . All bow down to the producers at Criterion, who have done an outstanding job of bringing to DVD one of the best Rock films ever made, 
The Critics Didn t Get It. So Who Listens to Critics?. The Frisco Kid, directed by Robert Aldrich, is the quirky inventive saga of a young Polish rabbi who is 
Total Enchantment Roadshow Version . Over the decades, I ve seen this film many, many times -- on TV, on VHS, on laserdisc. Each time I saw it, I wanted 
Very compelling film. When I first saw this movie I really didn t know what to think. Its portrayal of nuclear disaster aboard a ship is sometimes a little too 
historical soap opera. I found this by accident but decided to watch it because it sounded good and i am always looking for something to watch. it is a great 
Unique plot. This a film where two men meet on the train and one suggests that they exchange murders. As I do not want to spoil it for those who 
Great classic for a great price. With a cable modem, took about 1 hour and 15 minutes to download Unbox, install the program and download the episode. It s a 
Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST!. The Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST drama I have seen ever. Korean, American, doesn t matter! This is better than anything 
No Viva When You Leave Las Vegas. Leaving Las Vegas was released in 1995, which was many moons ago. I can recall seeing the 10:00pm showing with two of my 
The Best of The Mann Stewart Westerns. James Stewart was a different man after he returned from World War II. Although still capable of playing the lovable, folksy character he 
True love. There are many nice scenes an dialoques in An affair to remember. The screenplay renders perfectly the true love.The story is very romantic.Nicky and Terry met on a 
Another good CSI:NY. Though CSI:NY is most least favorite of the three CSIs, they still manage to make a good one sometimes. This is one of those good ones  
Magnificent Action and Thrills. If they are bringing THE HIGH AND THE MIGHTY to DVD finally, then maybe it s time to unravel the complications surrounding this film and feature 
no title. This movie hurt me so bad I almost walked out; came home and cried on my bed as my husband was folding laundry, a vivid memory I retain 
Camille Claudel the movie. Great Artsy passionate story of the lady behind Rodin, an equally good sculptor, who positively influenced the art and productiviity of one of the world s 
Brilliant Theatre. Having seen this production both live and on TV it was a must to purchase the DVD. There are some critical points but, in the main, the dramatic 
EXCELLENT. I think that the movie was great. Its like one of my favorites now. Sharon Stone is my favorite actress....and i think that she was great in the movie 
The beginning of Documentary Film, One of The Greatest Films. Most of what I could say has already been said. It is an important historical document of a vanished way 
shocking and unforgettable. admittedly i rented this out because of Goran Visnjic being in it..but that wasnt the main reason.As the opening scene unfolded i could see that this wasnt 
A great adaptation. This was a great adaptation to the classic tale of Jane Eyre. The actors were brilliantly well put together and you could feel their emotions towards each 
When the past becomes the future... A unique library of old and modern photographs are put under threat when the building they are housed in is suddenly sold. The new 
Active Stretch. Physical fitness is not just for the &quot;young and beautiful&quot; as Ann Smith ably demonstrates to her video audience. She performs each of the seven stretches with enviable 
Very compelling film. When I first saw this movie I really didn t know what to think. Its portrayal of nuclear disaster aboard a ship is sometimes a little too 
A Cute story... This movie has some ladies in it that I reallylike...Alexis Bledel and America Ferrara,so I decided to give it a try. The storylineis about a pair of 
I figured it out...... I think this girl is really on drugs. Not sleeping right, Not eating, paranoid, Seeing Shadow People, Always itching her nose, and itching her arm. She 
Great movie dedicated to the moving image. Unlike many other movies focused on linear narratives Man with a Movie Camera is a movie truly dedicated to its medium. This movie 
What is true friendship?. I absolutely loved this movie. It truly proves that true friends stick together. I would have loved to have a shack clubhouse like the one in 
Get out of your Ghetto. Breathtaking. Get past your own discomfort with relating to racial sterotypes and realize that this film is genius. A love story at heart, and perhaps 
The Use of Violence As A Solution To All Problems. Klaatu: This comes from our own planet, but if you threaten to extend your violence, this Earth of yours will 
Great popcorn muncher. This film is in no way a classic, BUT, and thats a BIG BUT...this film is very entertaining and has great replay value. Washington is a superb 
Most Gangster movies are over rated. White heat is a good movie at any time of the day.It isn t a bluff gangster film, it s the real deal.James Cagney 
Violent and rough. I saw this one when it came out. I remember at the time that it savaged by the critics as too violent. I saw it again recently 
Compelling Sci-Fi Thriller. This film s tagline heralds Julie Christie Carries the Demon Seed-Fear For Her . This kind of marketing does the film a disservice because it makes it 
Very moving and thankfully Somewhat Dated. This film is a wonder for many reasons: beautiful performances, sharp writing and directing, and SAD. When I first saw this - the sobbing 
Knoxville is really Funny!. I have to say alot of Johnny s stuff I don t like at all but this is a good show. My husband made me watch 
A Good Film About the Porn Industry of the 70s and 80s. Mark Wahlberg and Burt Reynolds star in this film centering on the heyday of the porn industry in 
DVD. Clear vivid picture with great sound. Bought in brand new condition and I was completely satisfied  
Big Bird At His Best. I first saw this movie as a very young toddler, and it soon became a favorite. Coming from a Chinese household, it was comforting and 
 Ambition makes the man... . In this 1957 film directed by Akira Kurosawa, Lord Washizu Toshiro Mifune and Lord Miki Akira Kubo encounter a spirit in a maze-like forest 
Chaplin at Work. I remember sitting in front of my television, rapturously watching the documentary Hollywood created by Kevin Brownlow and David Gill in 1980. Each of the 13 segments 
A CLASSIC PIECE OF HOKINESS. I like everything Batman, except for the sequels that followed the 1989 movie, and this is one of the best incarnations. Though it looks cheesy 
Good kid movie. My son loves these Hot Wheels movies -- he s 7. I think this first one started off with a good story and has plenty of action. 
this DVD is soo cool i show all my friends. this DVD is just rediculous. i show all my friends, and they re just speechless. this DVD is good for 
Kiss Today Goodbye. This is a 1985 release, and stars Michael Douglas as a Broadway director casting dancers for a large production. I enjoyed the movie, yet completely agree with 
new legend of shaolin. offers enough novel action and cute humor to satisfy. For us guys, the female thief is cute, sexy, funny. Standout scene for me is when Jet, 
1980 s Classic. This movie is all about character development of people who are all drastically different. This is a comming of age film for the 1980 s. The acting 
great show. this was a great show that was another one of the victims of FOX it got moved around, aired eps in the wrong order, etc . It should 
Awesome Movie. I m a huge horror movie fan. I m more of a slasher movie kind of guy, and normally stay away from the zombie kind of movies, as 
Best Men!. This is a wonderful movie that shows the acting skills of a great number of people. The plot leaves you on the edge of your seat and contains 
Turning your back on a people, be they Jews, Czechs as Britain & France did , or any people, only delays evil turning on you. Throughout time, whenever tyrants arose 
Never gets old... My 3 1 2 year old little girl saw the Charlie Brown Christmas on TV this year and loved it so much that I had to order 
Excellent True Story Of A Russian Serial Killer. This film is highly recommended. This film is based on the true story of Andrei Chikatilo Jeffrey DeMunn , who was the 
NOT as good as the opera. on stage. But a very good and faithful rendition. With exception of being mooned it was up to par. The music was great and 
Women willing to carry things over the edge.... Well, if you need a mega dose of sex and violence to get the attention brought to an important issue - then 
Excellent. Again, this product was really new like you always say it and there was no defect whatsoever.Also, the picture quality was clear as well as the sound and I 
Down and Out in Beverly Hills. This movie has timeless humor and is lots of fun. It s widescreen so you don t get a chopped up picture. If they 
Watch it! Love it!. This is one of my all-time favorite movies.Read the book if you want the backstory since the screenplay starts at the half point. It s entertaining 
A must read. This is the most influential book I have ever read and touched me in a way no other book has. Literally, it changed my life and the 
SQUIRE SHAW -- THE ULTIMATE ACTOR. Sadly, Robert Shaw will be remembered by most as the character Quint in the movie Jaws. But he was SO much more -- even 
Kinda Cute, But. . . . . . The traveling plot seemed like a take-off of Trains, Planes, and Automobiles - traveling from NY to Savannah vs traveling from Chicago 
Lighten Up. This movie is hilarious. It is also what you expect. It is not an Oscar winning epic nor it is designed to be. Don t bash it for 
Critics just make me laugh. Preachy ? Self-Important ???? Good grief... Some people just feel the need to throw insults at anything. This movie was a rock solid story of 
The Original. Long before Jim Carey starred in the remake, George Segal and Jane Fonda played the roles. Dick and Jane have an ideal life until Dick loses his job. 
A Crusade of Good Taste. The Holy Grail of Science Fiction. Brilliantly scripted and marvelously acted Sci-Fi movie based on the all-time favorite PC-game. The intense combination of an intergalactic 
Still great after all these years... Bob Woodward, one of the real-life heroes in the movie, is still making news while reporting news at The Washington Post. That s amazing. 
A Beautiful Film. Stealing Beauty is a beautiful film, with beautiful people and beautiful, lush settings. The film is directed by Bernardo Bertolucci, the Italian director behind films like Last 
Very Funny but not an academy award winner. This is one of those side-splitting movies that really doesn t get much credit becuase it s not taken seriously. It s 
Downloading is easy. CSI is great and Downloading was very easy. This is my fourth video, and I ve only had problems with one, and Amazon quickly walked me through 
THE FIRST FLY. 1958 s The Fly is the original story of the 1986 version, the version that most of the people know. Not as flashy as the 1986 David 
Subtle comedic role really allows Candy to shine. After all this time I m glad to finally have this wonderful movie on DVD; it was certainly worth the long wait!John 
A forgotten and overlooked dramatic gem. I picked up A Prayer for the Dying on a whime one day. I have always liked Mickey Rourke and I think he is 
The Burmese Harp. I don t usually make a lot of blind buy especially concerning Criterion discs. All I can say is The Burmese Harp is a damn good film 
VERY GOOD SUPERNATURAL DETECTIVE STORY!. Clive Barkers Lord of Illusions, is a very good, and very suspenseful supernatural horror film. The story begins with a private detective based in New 
Speeding Hot. Great kids movie. Full of action and interesting colorful cars. Has drama, and creative thinking. Mom checked, kid approved  
Queen Latifah Shows That She s Worthy Of The Title Queen,. Once Again, Queen Latifah is so extrodinary in this movie I really enjoyed watching this DVD when I first 
 Here s rule number one - you better not squirt. . Skipped Parts takes place in 1963. It is narrated by Sam Bug Hall , a seventh-grader, and aspiring 
HG WELLS. This is an amazing service! For only 2 bucks i can watch what i like for the moment. In this case it was HG WELLS. Great biography  
Great movie. This is a great movie. I think Al Pacino and Robin Williams definitely clicked in this movie. The plot was excellent and Pacino shows why he is one 
Marvin and Lancaster RULE!!!. I will say right off the bat this is one of the best westerns I have ever seen. It is the story of four mercenaries who 
Doctor Who and the first Download. Doctor who materialised without his Tardis on this, my first timelord download in the amazon unbox, which is much larger on the inside than 
Informative. Nice little video for my Zen during my long wait at the doctor s office. Confucius overcame many difficulties  
A lovely movie. One of my favorite movies of all time. Jessica Lange and Ed Harris both turn in heartbreaking performances, producing an achingly tender and moving portrayal of a 
HG WELLS. This is an amazing service! For only 2 bucks i can watch what i like for the moment. In this case it was HG WELLS. Great biography  
LOVE THIS SHOW. I never was very interested in the daytime soap opera Dark Shadows of the 60 s, with Johnathan Frid as Barnabas; However when they aired the new 
A Subtle yet Powerful Western. Michael Winner s CHATO S LAND may seem a bit below standard from other films that he directed but the strength in this film comes 
One of the funniest series of the early 90s. For me, &quot;Get a Life&quot; provided plenty of laughs in its spoofs of what often manages to pass as television comedy, 
Roots of the Wu Tang. This movie narrowed down for me where the WU got some of their material from. This movie shows the master of the Kung FU Gordon 
One of the best. I love this movie. It has music, drama, love stories, action. And the circus behind the scenes  
Very Funny. I saw this on tv and loved it, so i had to buy it  
Exactly what we needed. This was just what we needed. My grandson was studying the book at school and the movie brought it all together for him. It made it 
Freakin Awesome!!!. Man this movie is one of the best movies ever made. I am so glad that Disney made it. It always makes me feel better and plus it 
Shadows. Released originally in 1957, newly restored this year, Louis Malle s Pretty Baby gorgeous Elevator to the Gallows Ascenseur pour l Echafaud is ultimately more flash than substance: many 
winona ryder s best film to date..... a film about teens plagued with mean spiritedness and revenge on their minds ends up being one of the best films of the 
Definitive Version of the Classic!. This version is, of all the filmed productions, the very best one of this classic story. It goes way beyond chapter 17 in Emily Bronte 
5 Stars is not enough. The true-life tale of Christy Browne, the Irish playwrite and artist portrayed by the impeccable Daniel Day-Lewis. Day-Lewis portrayal of the artist afflicted with Cerebal-palsy 
Am I my Brothers Keeper?. I am a resident of Central New York and this story was very well known to everybody in these parts.If your reading this you probally 
A girlhood classic. I was just browsing through the customer reviews on Amazon and came across Caddie Woodlawn. I loved this book as a girl, and admired Caddie s spunk, 
A triumphant comeback for Kurosawa. The mortally wounded Lord Shingen Tatsuya Nakadai , engaged in strife with two opposing warlords for control of feudal Japan, commands that his death be 
From excellent to so-so to pretty bad. This is a trio of short films, each about 40 minutes in length, by three top directors Martin Scorese, Francis Ford Coppola, and 
Masterful fusion of visual and auditory art. Call it a statement. An analysis. Fine Art. A masterful fusion of visual and auditory art, i.e. Philip Glass at his best. Koyaanisqatsi 
Beautifully filmed noir piece. I really like this film. First of all it is absolutely beautiful to look at. Tahoe and water water everywhere - all sumptuously photographed.The story is 
I can t believe I m saying this!. I usually don t like these sophomoric movies that have thin plots and not much substance American Pie, Scary Movie, Van Wilder, 
Extraordinary reel life. As a journalist familiar with Yugoslavia and the tragedies of its breakway states, I was prepared to dislike this movie about foreign journalists working during the siege 
A brief comment. The Incredibles is a fully-fleshed out and developed computer animated story that isn t just another summer kiddie flick. The Incredibles family members aren t cookie-cutter cartoon 
The key IS the key. This is a very special film. It stars Whoopi Goldberg, an interesting character, a real liberal in real life, but in reel life you just 
Warm and fuzzy. This one has one of those touching endings where you get to see that even Booth has a heart...well, more so than we already know. The ending 
disturbingly super!. this movie far exceeds its later edition. this edition is disturbing, but excellent. the violence, the gore, everything is heart-pounding  
Grand Fenwick Takes Center-stage in the World Again!. In 1959, a hilarious Cold War-inspired film entitled The Mouse that Roared was produced about a fictional tiny country named The Duchy 
fantastic soundtrack, too. love this film. as i have reached the ripe old age of thirtysomething no, don t get me started, I hated that show but cannot resist the 
Its almost Christmas & time for a cowboy movie. It s a good one too. It s a remake & better than it s predecessor from 1936, which looks old 
:0 . one word INTERESTING and for the ending VERY INTERESTING...I was a bit iffy about this movie before i watch it but it was actually a good movie..  
6th SC. Great visual of the battle where my great grandfather fought with the 6th SC. Entertaining and educational  
Stargate Ultimate Edition. At first, thought it was dull, but after watching the movie, i like it, never thought it would be the start of great series  
Season 2. Stargate Atlantis is great. I like the idea of downloading the episodes, but put in all the seasons. Why leave out season 2?  
Great seventies film . . . one nagging issue though. A very enjoyable experience about voyeurism and who s watching the watchers ... Jerry? [sorry for the Seinfeld reference] . 
What an experience!. This film is just beyond incredible, a riveting emotional epic picture, one of those films whose long length just flies by like that, so good you don 
Ill fated torrid love affair. Drifter Frank Chambers played by John Garfield is hired to work at a California roadside diner by owner Nick Smith played by a plain looking 
accurate and fun. Comically captures the 80s zeitgeist while exposing the logistics of MBO s LBO s better than most business school texts. Highly recommended.  
Very good light comedy. This comedy features Cary Grant and Tony Curtis aboard a WW2 submarine that wasn t really seaworthy, but her perpetually optimistic Captain - Cary Grant - 
winona ryder s best film to date..... a film about teens plagued with mean spiritedness and revenge on their minds ends up being one of the best films of the 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
Using Eastern Philosophy to justify the Slacker lifestyle. Donal Logue Sean Finnerty of Grounded For Life plays a heavyweight ladies man who is well read in the classics particularly eastern 
 By preaching destabilization, they encourage subversive ideas. . The film The Official Story wraps the politics of government-supported torture and the slaughter of thousands of Argentinians around the awakening 
Heartbreaking and Inspiring. It s hard to believe 20 years have passed since My Life As A Dog hit the international circuit and captured the hearts of audiences worldwide. Here 
greythorne. great movie about radio stations how they should be, christian slater was a great actor in movie. ...  
Another good CSI:NY. Though CSI:NY is most least favorite of the three CSIs, they still manage to make a good one sometimes. This is one of those good ones  
Michael. A great movie, good actors and actresses. Good clean fun and a wonderful feeling good all over movie. A plus for your movie colection and your music collection  
Stephen King done right. Based on a short story by horror maestro Stephen King, the Night Flier is a prime example of a Stephen King TV movie done right. Genre 
Great thing. Recommend for all who is the fan of Transformers. Great thing. Recommend for all who is the fan of Transformer  
Great Christmas Family Film!!!. Absolutely fabulous family film with a heartwarming story and suprisingly good acting. Leslie Nielson was wonderful as Santa. My family loved this great Christmas movie  
required but oh so enjoyable. I was required to watch and write about this. At first, i thought booring. WRONG. It captivates the audience and presents history in a fascinating 
Good if you don t mind minor edits. Finally got around to watching this last night. In this review I m not going to bother to review the movie itself. 
Good. I saw this in an extension film class at UCI, and James Gray talked to the class after it was shown. This being a dark movie, it was slightly 
Oscar nominated screen play, should have won. I give the film four stars only because of the very soft picture. Otherwise, it would earn a resounding five stars. I have 
A love story that makes you think. The last scene when He says don t worry and She says so your the Quarter back is great, they say do I 
my brother s favorite movie. My brother, Henry, always said this was his favorite movie. He loved film noir... although I didn t know what that was at the time 
A Movie Filled with Universal Truths. Even with a small budget, Spike Lee can still get a lot done and still find great actors. Spike Lee s School Daze is 
wow. i loved this movie it is great funny the animation war great great for every on  
Harlem a jungle inside a city!. Harlem is the sinister landscape where every man has to survive according his basic insticts. There s no time for redemption, there s no 
Brilliant!. I loved this movie. Never played the game but the movie is great. Aside from the fact it doesn t rate like Star Wars etc. It s good in 
Holy Nostalgia!. I had the pleasure of watching this movie -- and the accompanying TV series -- in two different, but equally enjoyable, phases: First, as a 4th grader when 
Totally entertaining, mind-expanding scifi spectacle. &quot;Galaxy Being&quot; is the superb, seminal episode of the original Outer Limits, and it still packs quite a unique wallop today--indeed all the more so 
A Haunting Masterpiece. A truly dark,mezmorising & compelling film,Overflowing with atmosphere,sprinkled with humor & layered with thought provoking content. Ingmar Bergman s The Seventh Seal 1958 is the definition of 
The Undefeated. I enjoyed this movie, a great group of actor s. A little taste of history, and beautiful country scenes through out. It takes you there  
Revenge of the Anti-Sith. The spiritual opposite of Star Wars III - Revenge of the Sith. Transcends sci-fi genre with a focused look at the essence of warriorhood, and what 
Haunting...Tragic...Intense. I remember seeing this film years ago on , I think , Masterpiece Theatre and wondering at Ralph Fienne s hypnotic, erotic, passionate portrayal of the tortured, manipulative, vindictive 
MOST EXCELLENT MOVIE EVER. This item is a MUST have for all transformer fans out there !! Not only will you get a EXCELLENT 3D poster 2 DVDs on Transfomers 
Beautiful Film. Most likely this review will not be very helpful to anyone, but I wanted to comment on how beautifully done this film is. I am a long time 
DVD Instinct. Absolutely great! I have it on video and replaced the video with DVD.Anthony Hopkins and Cuba Gooding, Jr. are definately two of my most favorite actors.Dee MoffatPort Angeles, 
This deserves to be enshrined among the classics!. This was a story which I had read as a child, and, unfortunately, forgotten about. Someone recently mentioned it, and I could 
MY LEFT FOOT - A Must See for All. There are so many wonderful reviews already written here. I will only say that if you happen to be a person 
The beginning of Feature Documentary Filmmakin. This is a glimpse into an amazing way of life which, for the most part, no longer exists. The Filmmaker was an explorer before 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
Getting with the Jungle Rhythm. Hi everyone! I hope everyone is doing well! I LOVED this movie and there are several reasons why. Before I go into them, let me 
 Into the Night . I owned this film on VHS for years, and when it mysteriously disappeared I ordered it on DVD. It s a sort of cult film 
Mock On!. More than 20 years old now and a little dated, Spinal Tap is still loads of fun with the mockumentary gang including Christopher Guest and Michael McKean who 
It can happen!. Probably one of Steve McQueens greatest movies. Only this one can happen  
Teenager vs Goblin King. A young girl is tired of her stepmother and her new baby half-brother. But when she makes a comment that she wants the Goblin King to 
Wonderful movie for children and adults. Regardless to what rubbish is usually written about this movie, it is aimed at the younger audience and I can say with much assurance 
The Ageless Summer. It was a fantastic movie when it was first released and it is still just as good. Great photography, good narrative. Makes me long for the summer 
BIG LOW-BROW LAUGHS!. This movie is hilarious. Danny Devito is a thug with Hollywood dreams, and his mob-ties make them all come true. Just imagine the endless possabilities! Absolutely stupid-funny! 
Perfect prelude to the Terminator series!!!!. I would recommend anyone getting into the Terminator series should see this movie first. Colossus - The Forbin Project demonstrates how computers and machines 
A must for any Manson fan. This video features all of the Marilyn Manson music videos from Portrait Of An American Family to Mechanical Animals. Plus some extra concert footage. 
A Welcome DVD. I ve been looking forward to the DVD version of this film for ages. It s funny, and goes against form in showing the heartless capitalist as 
Who didnt get choked up?. When powder shows a father and son how to put away their differences, remember how much they really loved each other and helped them come 
Classic 80 s movie - I LOVE it :- . I still love this movie. I don t watch it all the time, but occasionally I love to take a 
Reality with humor. I love love this movie. The thought of pulling a huge trailer like this on a narrow mountain road with a car is as white knuckle as 
Top ten comedies. Housesitter has been a favorite of mine for years! It s hilarious how Goldie Hawn keeps digging a hole for herself, deeper and deeper, and she still 
Compulsively Watchable...If you have the stomach for it. This movie is chockfull. Among my favorites parts are a very visual description of Sepsis, and a painting on the wall of 
Visually Stunning. I m a non-skier, and I found the photography beautiful. The skier in the family loved seeing the different mountains around the world and loved the element of 
My Neighbor Totoro- More of a dear friend. This is an excellent movie for all ages! Get it now.Experience the magic. Wonderful story, acting, and attitude sets this movie from 
Classic. This is a classic for any hardcore skier or random Gen Xer. I remember my friend RENTED A VCR so we could watch it. Many, many classic lines in 
 Andersonville Will Keep You Glued To The screen!. Andersonville is an intense drama about a Civil War prison camp for captured Union soldiers. The camp is a huge stockade, 
Dated? Sure. Boring? No way!. I watched this with my 6 year old daughter last night. She was into it with her short attention span for the whole film. One 
Explains a Great Deal. I read Uncle Tom s Cabin a few years ago, and was genuinely touched. I saw immediately why it became one of the most influential books 
Khartoum in Cinerama. 1966 s Khartoum is an all star Cinerama achievement, based on the true story of the British Sudan set during the early to mid-1880 s. Beautifully and 
FAVORITE EPISODE. IT WAS ONE OF MY FAVORITE EPISODES A WAY TO GET BUFFY AND ANGEL TOGETHER WITHOUT CHANGING THE STORYLINE. AND THE CHARACTERS WHERE ABLE TO EXPRESS HOW THEY 
Classically Chilling. This isn t Breakfast at Tiffany s. Neither is it Nightmare on Elm St. But Wait Until Dark, starring Audrey Hepburn, is truly chilling. Hepburn plays a blind 
 Reciprocity Mr. Hutchins.. Is the Key to Every Relationship .. Anytime I think of this movie, I think of this brutally truthful line.. James Cromwell s Captain Dudley Smith 
Both Gritty and Delicate. It s easy to dismiss the residents of the seedier addresses of our culture. But the Blue Iguana makes us look behind the pasties, not to 
 Goodness has so little fictional value . I love films which unfold complexities slowly, that use color with deep intention, and don t rely on words to say everything 
Great personal training in a video!. Very easy to follow. Slow, precise movements. Go through all the weight lifting exercises and repitions with Cory Everson. I feel fantastic after the 
MOSTLY A GREAT ARTIST. It s a common fact that great artists often make poor human beings, unable to connect with real life in a decent way.It was certainly the 
IT S MY FAVORITE MOVIE. This movie is my all time favorite movie. The cast is awesome, you really feel the pain and anguish in Amalia played by Lee Grant 
Great Flick but.... I loved this movie when it was shown on AMC one time, so I finally ordered this movie and found it not to be closed-captioned. Great flick 
The Best Baseball Movie...Ever... I would agree that the baseball skills of the actors is somewhat deficient but, really only a trained eye could detect the. This a truly a 
Great Product. The product was received in great condition and timely delivered by the seller. I would buy agai  
The best historical war drama from the Far East. I have seen many historical war dramas from Far East mainly China s and most of them are not only historically 
It was great. I think that Club Paradise is a witty movie and well acted. Robin Williams and Peter O Toole are halarious and are anchored by Jimmy Cliff. I 
Perfect on time delivery. Collected my items from the hotel a day before schedule! Good job!  
better than the original. Kickboxer 2 followed up the first successful Kickboxer, but minus Van Damme. David Sloan played by Sasha Mitchell is now the focus, the apparent 3rd brother 
Another Truffaut classic. This review is for the Criterion Collection DVD edition of the film. Shoot the Piano Player known in France as Tirez sur le pianiste is one of 
Claudine- NYC... The 1970s... Somewhat light-hearted drama about a struggling, inner-city, single mother who meets a charming sanitation worker & the many bumps they hit in the road to further 
Really, my all-time favorite. My husbands laughs when I say a movie is my favorite I have many favorites , but this one really is. I also love to read 
 It s silly, but I love you. I wanted to see you, to see if I d want to see you. ,. I finally did it. I finished watching 
We Want MORE Montez. This DVD is absolutely gorgeous. The technicolor is so vivid and beautiful-like an early Disney film. I have watched my new copy already three times- it 
Marvin and Bronson at their best. This film is a masterpiece for action and adventure.Great scenery and an ending where all the good guys win,BRILLIANT  
1st is the best. toy story is the best cg movie ever i love pixar i hope toy storey 3 is as good as the first  
Truly a classic. This is what Science Fiction is supposed to be, Thought Provoking.Excellent imagery. Superb plot. Well developed. Wonderful ending.  
OPM- Used in my Business Management classes... There is no nudity in this movie but there are some vaguely sexual discussions. Even some adults might miss the true points being 
It has become a cult classic. The misfits of Hollywood and the critics panned Kevin Costner s Waterworld ; however, it has become a cult classic, and it will continue 
Clever comment on Reaganism set in a galaxy of post-transformational liberalism. Just kidding, I don t know what I m talking about. You should see this movie if you like:1 
I can t help it, I love this movie. The 80 s spawned one high school teen movie after another, and John Hughes was the king of that genre. But 
Toys. Robin Williams is as funny as he can be. A very delightful movie to be watched by all  
Very Interesting. `Audition isn t your typical horror movie, but like Japanese fashion, the movie gives a lot of detail and may be confusing to some people who aren t 
A Woman of Her Word. While this film did not hit me as hard emotionally as THE ENGLISH PATIENT, it sure gave me plenty to think about.The cast and direction 
A charming, unconventional comedy. You probably won t see a film made in the U.S. in which a father and daughter are vying for the affections of the same man! 
Pixar creates a classic. Truly a family movie that we enjoy today as much as we did when it was first released. The only thing I think they should have 
my god yo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. man this film was off the chain son......very violent though...wow!!!!!....no other words to sa  
I m Glad That They Have Finally Put This Movie On DVD!. Only The Lonely is a good romantic comedy type movie that has a great cast that includes, John 
Americana on the Plains. High-energy encapsulation of the American spirit in this tough-tender production. Done lean and hard-scrabble, as opposed to the lush and green Hollywood version. Curley really is 
Its Name Is Quetzalcoatl, but Just Call It Q. No matter how preposterous or cliche a film s bare premise may sound, if Larry Cohen s name is attached to 
Much cooler than I expected. This is a surprisingly good show. It manages to have a little violence, sex, and language but not enough to be too offensive to watch 
Magnificent in every way. This is the first Lear I ever saw and so it will always be dear to me as it touched me so deeply way back when 
Tim Roth is Gifted. I was inspired to write because I like this actor SO much. The movie s script may seem improbable jail dentist having affair with inmate but 
Best concert I ve ever seen. And I ve seen over 100, by almost as many different artists.Paul Simon s free concert in Central Park in the summer of 1991 
Bob Fosse. Bob Fosse was probably one of the greatest directors of USA and Dustin Hoffman is one of the best actors of USA. What happens when you put them 
When a woman s fed up. I hadn t seen this movie in 10 years until this past weekend when it resurfaced on TV -- whew!!! what a welcomed blast 
Still love it!. Great movie, great delivery time, still entertaining! Not as scary as when I was in elementary. Very happy  
Funny Film. I bought this movie w o seeing it first, which I never do. I was glad I did it, though. My money was not wasted.Colin Firth plays John 
Best version ever. Probably the most romantic tragic movie I ve ever watched. Leaves the Laurence Olivier et.al. version for dead. That movie finished half way through the book . 
My comedy collection. One of my very fav. movies!! Love it as much now as when I first saw it way back in 70 s!!  
i never get tired of this one.... i saw OFM when it first came out, over ten years back. it was on cable the other day. it still keeps me 
I Definitely Have to Watch It Again. If you ve heard of L Avventura than you ve probably heard people say that this film is about nothing. This is true...Nothing 
One of Drew s best films!. This film is totally under-rated. It is suspensful and keeps you guessing. If you like mystery this is pretty good and Drew did a 
White Christmas, DVD. This is a wonderful story. Too bad writers can t create this type of heart warming story. Excellent cast, and well written script  
Keep coming back to this one!. I was 16 in 1986 when I was first introduced to Callanetics. Over the last 20 years I have done my share of Tae 
With a Frenchman in New York. This movie never fails to humor me. I lost my original video so I finally decided to get this dvd.These two strangers Andie MacDowell 
Un-predictable. I found this movie unpredictable, even after reading the plot on the back of the box. The acting is good and believable. Some of the scenes are designed to 
 It s like a G-Dog on a Fly Tip. . Take a out of work journalist, Charlie Sheen, a hustler of the streets, Chris Tucker, and 15 million dollars 
Excellent Film. Hilarious movie!! Dustin Hoffman and Jason Schwartzman were incredibly funny. If you re a fan of existentialism it s a great movie, but if you re not it 
A Great Classic. This was the first animation that I have ever seen and I was amazed at the quality and how real all of the characters looked on Toy 
One last Fandango!. Everytime I hear the word fandango this movie comes to mind. While its not my norm of entertainment I just cant forget the unforgetable Skydive scene, being 
Best Movie Ever !!!!. Vampire Journals is one of my all time favorites. Anything from full moon pictures is good. The movie is very original, I love the scenery, the 
Great show for kids. We watched this movie and The Mighty Ducks this weekend and both have similar story themes about the under-dogs and both are great movies for kids. 
An unusual sci-fi allegory. This film is best interpreted in a symbolic and allegorical way. The plot is too implausible and riddled with inconsistencies to be taken literally. Instead, what 
Hrm . . . Well, it is always a mistake to read the book before seeing the movie. That said, I liked the movie OK taken by itself, but compared 
Cinderella DVD. I ve been looking for this video in stores for a long time and never found it. I watched this every year on TV as a child - 
Great Show. Bones is one of my favorite TV series. This one episode I missed so I had to get it to keep on track. Great show even if you 
Review of Stand and Deliver. I received the DVD in a timely manner. The quality of the DVD was good. I have had good service from Amazon. Overall, it was 
Survivors unite against Freddy Krueger. New director for this third episode. The modern world is growing and we are starting to have the information highway coming into the picture. The 
German with English subtitles version is better!. Of the two versions I saw, I preferred the German version with English subtitles. Garbo s performance as well as that of the 
first class. I saw this movie on VHS at the end of the 80s and always wanted to have it on a good quality. I searched for it on the 
Love this movie. Just really love the story; great acting; wonderful drama, scenery and of course music...this movie is in my top 5 alltime list..  
A Wonderful Criterion Issue. I am biased on this film - one of my favorites, right up there with the best of Hitchcock - so I will only say for 
A MOVIE WITH A BIG HEART. doug [nicolas cage] is an fbi agent assigned to guard tess [shirley mclaine] a widowed, former first lady. he is a rules and regulations 
Informative. This was my first download and it was free . The download performed well. The Mystery of Edgar Allan Poe was informative. It ran up to 50 minutes. This 
Almost perfect. Don t read this if you haven t seen the movie!It took me more than a dozen views to start figuring out how everything was connected. What s 
This is the only comedy I like. This is a really film you don t have to worry about the acting or the story, just have a fun time watching 
Loyalty Worthy of a Queen. A very pleasant surprise, Guarding Tess, brings to the screen the story of a secret service agent guarding the widow of a former president and 
John Grisham s The Rainmaker . I loved this movie. Matt Damon, Clare Danes, Danny DeVito and especially Teresa Wright, give great performances  
For Parents of Teens. Today s teens live in a different world from their parents, more so than ever before. It s hard to teach your teens how to grow 
Nastalgia. My goodess! I cannot believe that so many others had only slight memories of the details of the film and yet it had such an impact and never left 
best series out there. best series out there on any sci-fi show, makes you think and imagine the worlds out there in the universe. this is a good after thought 
star is born. DVD very good, service very good.However would like to see DVD, CD & book purchases combined for shipping allowance. Probably would order more  
John Wayne and Rock Hudson together for the first only time. I have fond memories of this 1969 film because of the way that I first happened to see it. 
Guest Does It Again!. Best in Show is another of the very funny improvisational dialog movies that Christopher Guest has directed. The situations are scripted by Christopher Guest and Eugene 
A minor classic. 1984 s Crimes of Passion at first seems like some trashy, 80s hip tale about a woman s double life as a stylish hooker, but what we 
An eclectic, evocative and wholly outstanding collection. Composed by renowned South Indian recording artist L. Subramaniam, the &quot;Salaam Bombay!&quot; soundtrack features an invigorating blend of jazz and traditional Indian styles 
Wait until dark - superb. Want a good movie - a good old movie that you can curl up with? I m trying to show my kids the Good Old 
A Bit of Amusement. This is a very 60 s style comedy. It purports to be risqu, and I suppose it was by the standards of that day, but it 
A True Gem. This film is a masterpeice of Spanish Literature made into film. With classic themes of Love, honor, family and pride this film is one everyone can relate 
Great Episode. This is the first episode where we really see the heart of Tony in his dealings with a teenager struggling with the horrible death of his father. A 
Out of the box,, unusual movie. This movie defies normal conventions and much of the storytelling is done visually. The plot is easy to follow but the real meat of 
Mouchette. The greatest fil of one of the very greatest directors!Thanks a lot  
One more time -- the greatest of all movies. It is impossible to overpraise this film on any dimension of quality. Visually, it is so rich that I have found 
A must rent. Hands down the best Sci-fi Horror series on tv today. I am completly addicted  
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
it came from outer space. I like the story line of this movie, but most of all I remember watching it when I was a kid of seven. It was 
Excellent! Simply Excellent. This episode embodies why I love this series. The bad guy is bad - and makes appearances throughout the series.And now, this episode offers some more understanding 
Cute show. Great shows about Binky taking up cycling and learning to challenge himself. There s a cycling champion, Vance Legstrong, who inspires him to succeed wonder who that character 
Great story and Julia is at her best!. This is a great story which has been wrapped in an entertaining sub-story and well acted by all. This is Julia s 
Emotionally Moving. This movie seems to come right from the heart of Angelina. Showing the plight of the parts of the world that many turn their heads to is enlightening. 
all about eve. received the movie within a few days and the quality is excellent  
GREAT MOVIE !!!. My only regret is that the producers of this DVD did not made any extra features! I would really liked to see some behind the scene features 
These guys are talented. I have to say that I picked this one episode out of the many as an example of the talent of these two gentleman. If you 
Must buy for X fans. I viewed this years ago, and purchased on a whim. It is a must buy for any X or punk fan  
An Osmond s fan delight. This movie was a must see for me when I was a teen. The antics of Donny and Marie are as wholesome and funny today 
A classic and a great vehicle for Ingrid Bergman. Set in the 1870s when the lighting in English households was powered by gas--hence the title--this psychological mystery worked as a 
The Shooter. Dolph decided he wanted to make the transistion from action hero to well respected movie star, so he dedicated himself to acting on broadway in an attempt to 
My Favorite Episode. I don t have television, haven t for 11 years. When I learned CBS was allowing free viewing over the internet I checked it out and started 
DVD in January 2006. This great film will finally be available on DVD on January 31st, 2006.  
Are you gaslighting me? recommended . When Roz asks: Are you gaslighting me? in a first-season FRASIER episode, movie buffs instantly recall the tortured Paula Ingrid Bergman in GASLIGHT -- 
HYPE!. After watching HYPE for the first time last year, I was left in awe at the beautifully created masterpiece that I had witnessed. It came as a shock to 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
A real treat of a movie, and an important one, as well. The Firemen s Ball is one of a handful of Czech films that defined the &quot;New Wave&quot; era, 
Paradise Lost. Everyone should see this movie. Also, everyone should buy it so they can show it to their friends, so the word can keep spreading, and hopefully and finally, 
Great cast, but writing sometimes falls through the cracks. The casting here was excellent - Ben Stiller, Elle Macpherson, Sarah Jessica Parker were all great. In fact, I am convinced 
I got what I ordered. Flesh Gordon is a funny and slightly naughty take-off on the old Flash Gordon serials. I ordered the DVD. It arrived quickly.Amazon did its job 
The gypsy journey. Fascinating, educating, beautifully done. Congratulations to the film maker and the sound maker. A story in music louder than words  
Hello Vietnam,and greetings!. Hello Vietnam,and greetings! ,says Bruno Kirby as Lt. Steven Hauk in one scene of this film. It was this scene where he filled in for radio personality 
Wonderful and romantic Disney animation. I watched Disney s animated THE LITTLE MERMAID 1989 in one nasty, angry mood. Within twenty minutes, I was feeling happy, caught in the spell 
 I am fire, he is water! How can we ever meet? . For all its low reputation, Samuel Bronston s much-mocked King of Kings is easily the best and 
Needs Avatar the last airbender. Okay you guys have amazing, cool, and sweet videos on Amazon. My favorite though is Avatar and I have bought every single episode you have 
How to be yourself in spite of ignorance of others. What a delightful movie full of nuance and beautiful about a boy who loves wearing dresses and a family trying 
Passable. This film is really only good for two things.1. Chris O Donnell appears without his shirt on for one scene2. Faye Dunaway plays a crazy drunk ultimate camp!  
Still entertaining after 35 years. Just as entertaining as it was 35 years ago. John Adams opening line: one useless man is a disgrace, two are a law firm, and 
Absorbing drama. A complex drama in two movements: this was a worth adaptation of Anita Shreve bestseller artistically directed for Kathryn Bigelow whose style camera work reminds us to the 
An absolute MUST-SEE set of episodes!. I thought all three episodes were really great. They all possess the elements that make watching these volumes an absolute priority. The videos bring 
Topper s RETURNED!. And he s got a carload of women! Actually, not a carload ,just two... One of whom happens to be a ghost! She drags topper to an 
Crisp and punchy tabloid cinema. G -men is in some measure a calculated response by Warner Brothers to the new production code in Hollywood and the increasingly strident noises from 
We need more Tilghman movies. Amazingly, 3 of the 8 reviewers myself included are related to Tilghman....which says more about Hollywood than the descendants of this great man. There is 
Only interested in the performances. I bought this because I wanted to watch the performances. The rest was just gossip. I was not disappointed in the performances. They are great. 
Classic Movie, Recieved in a Timely Fashion. It was exactly what I wanted, and it arrived quickly  
Van Helsing.... What an interesting monster movie! You get vampires, werewolves, Frankenstein, and Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde all rolled into one. This movie takes advantage of the current state 
Ripe for the picking. A bit campy in spots, a bit ahead of its time in others, Westworld looms as a potential goldmine for trilogy-happy Hollywood. Introduce an all-star cast 
clever one of a kind reincarnation thriller. reincarnation, amnesia and a fascination with scissors combine to make this a little known classic. superb acting from british comedian emma thompson and 
A White Cat?!. After viewing Wag the Dog I can say that I did in fact enjoy watching it, but I m not wholly sure why. Well lets start with 
Ginger Takes Center Stage DVD Review . In this eighth installment of Fred & Ginger films, Ginger displays her talents not only as a dancer but also as an actress 
Cool Walk. I won t go into the details other reviewers shared, but the sound of Lee Marvin s shoes touching the asphalt in the beginning of the movie is 
The theme of Transcendence is important--not the factual debates about Rubin Carter . . I was very touched by this movie. It was not the actual story plot, or it 
A terrific B film noir. No one smokes in it and there is very little rain on the night streets, but a 1941 Fox release called I WAKE UP SCREAMING 
Good for a little-wacked Monster movie. Notice to parents, there is some verbal material unsuited for little ones, adult nature. A woman grows to 50-ft placing an extra strain on 
Xanadu DVD. The DVD was received in a very secured package. Delivery was prompt and on time. Watching this movie provided a welcomed environment  
Mock On!. More than 20 years old now and a little dated, Spinal Tap is still loads of fun with the mockumentary gang including Christopher Guest and Michael McKean who 
The best movie of all time!. This movie has it all, especially for baby boomers of the early 1970 s. Blethyn, as a betrayed widow is priceless and Nigel Ferguson 
Sergeant York is among my top 10 favourite movies!. This movie is among the top 10 of my favourite movies of all time!It not only honours the life and achievments 
Groundbreaking Ark of a classic!. It was the summer of 1981 I wasn t even born yet and a movie that would give Harrison Ford s career a much-needed bolster 
Like Oh My God! This movie is totally Bitchin !. The Popular `80s teen film Valley Girl based on Frank Zappa s Novelty Song of the same title, popularized the 
Don t watch with your parents. Great acting. Don t the let the simple title fool you.  
Good fun for all the family. I got his movie for my two little nieces because I knew they would love it and they did, and so did I! This 
A Movie So Bad It s Good. This movie breaks some story rules, including introduction insertion of random new characters towards the end. Still, funny enoughfor a movie that seems 
The Intersection Of Film, Fact, And Genius - Unforgettable. At its core, this is a film about what happens when a person defies the system, any system. It is the 
Enjoyable. I bought two sci-fi movies at the same time...this one and Velocity Trap. I have to say, I enjoyed Crossworlds far more than the other.  
LOTS OF FUN!. This movie is great. Vanessa Williams is not only beautiful, but you would think she has been competing in professional Latin dancing for real-she is very talented. 
Why isn t this movie on DVD?. It s been a long time since i ve seen this movie, but it was cute and funny as well as fantastical. I 
Come on....it wasn t that bad. The movie wasn t as horrible as some make it out to be. It surely wasn t the worst vampire movie ever . Jon 
The Big One: Michael Moore s Crusade against Corporate America. G D bless you Michael Moore for your crusades not only in the books you have written but also for 
Streisand proved she s not Nuts. She s shrewd!. Nuts was a hit off-Broadway play. Claudia Draper Barbra Streisand is a high priced call girl who has killed one of 
Profoundly disturbing... One of the most truly despairing documentaries ever filmed, this film chronicles the cruel exploitation and empty lives of Eastern European teenage hustlers. The boys are allowed to 
The Magnificent Buster. There s nothing I can add to what has already been said about these films themselves, and how beautifully they showcase the genius of Buster Keaton--his brilliance 
Makes you smile. This is just a wonderful, romantic, funny movie, which I finally just watched. This movie seems as timely today as it must have been when it was 
tombstone. I love this epic western. The acting from all the cast is enormous and I would invite any western lover to purchase and enjoy  
Real Movie-Hits home. The story of a young white lawyer who goes to play ball in Chicago s inner city Cabrini Green. With a lively cast of characters who play 
One of Milos Forman s Best. Don t get me wrong. I love AMADEUS and CUCKOO s NEST etc. But this was just such a quietly funny and enjoyable film, 
2 stars for narrator, 5 stars for story. If you are looking for an audio version on tape, this is a fine option for this wonderful book. As you can 
Strange, but true. This film had a powerful effect on me. 95 of the people I know don t read books. I met a millionaire not long ago, who boasted 
One of MGM s Best. Howard Keel, Kathryn Grayson, Ann Miller, Tommy Roll, Bob Fosse, Carol Haney, Keenan Wynn, James Whitmore, and music by Cole Porter. nuff said.Brush up your 
Informative. This was my first download and it was free . The download performed well. The Mystery of Edgar Allan Poe was informative. It ran up to 50 minutes. This 
Scary and Wonderful. I had waited thirty years to get Let s Scare Jessica To Death, and now I have it on DVD thanks to this great seller. Fast delivery, 
Perfect love makes perfection in all. I find it odd that when reviewing the reviews of this film that people seem to either give it perfect or abysmal scores. The 
The best old movie I ve seen. I recently read The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged for the first time and found this version of The Fountainhead to be the best 
Epic Korean Drama. Koreans honor their greatest military hero in this epic drama which takes place in the late 1500s. The career and tactics of this Admiral are still studied 
Can I give this 6 stars?. &quot;Clambake&quot; is by far the greatest piece of cinema seen this side of Memphis. I love Elvis! While the costumes are a tad sketchy 
nominado al premio nobel de la paz. basada en una historia real, nos pone pensar si realmente es la pena de muerte un metodo de justicia. Tookie nominado al premio 
It s not that they re stupid, they just don t know anything. Stand and deliver is one of my favorite movies. It s the story of a man who 
Nostalgic recollections. This movie was a staple at Christmas -- clean, funny, terrifically entertaining, familiar faces, well known actors. Script was written by a friend of mine and I missed 
A Masterpiece... I taped this off the air when it was first broadcast, then bought the LD s when they came out. Seeing that a DVD release is not likely, 
If you LIKE humor, you ought to purchase this tape. Chris Elliott s comedy tends to polarize viewers -- you either think it s the funniest thing you ve ever 
Poem as Film, Film as Poem. I think if Charles Bukowski, Dylan Thomas, and Fellini collaborated on a piece of writing, it s possible they would have come up with 
Interesting Sleeper. The Big Town doesn t break any cinematic ground but it s more than worth your while. How can you go wrong with a film that sports two 
Sad Next-to-Last McQueen Film. Tom Horn is a difficult film to watch at times knowing what we now know of the painful debilitating illness that star Steve McQueen suffered in 
Interesting movie from the H.G. Wells classic. some cool effects. Again, picking this up as a free rental, I had little expectations, but its not bad. Alexander Hartegen is a 
The Duke and the Rock Finally Together!. If you re a fan of either one of these late cinematic giants, you won t be disappointed by viewing this flick. Both 
Better than I had expected - a couple of good hours of impossible adventure. Disaster flicks were in their heyday during the 1970s. Before the days of computerized visual effects, 
QUESTION. I am a very good flyer cheerleader and I was amazed at all of the illegal stunts in this movie. It was still really good though.QUESTION:WHEN CRENSHAW HEIGHTS GETS 
Laugh out loud funny. I ve seen Stephen Lynch live, in this Comedy Central special, and heard his audio cds. Live is by far the best experience but this video 
The Hot Chick. This is one of Rob Schneider s best movies.Schneider plays as a middle-aged hobo thatswitches bodies with a popular mean high-school girl.Rachel McAdams has to find the 
Daughter likes it and so do we!. My 4 year old daughter likes her DVD. Dad bought it for her because he remembered it from his childhood. He was disapointed 
Finally!!!. OMG!!! Finally The New Kids get the DVD treatment. I ve been waiting for this to come out forever it seems like. All I have to say is if 
Overhyped, but good. The Seventh Seal Ingmar Bergman, 1957 So I ve finally seen The Seventh Seal, Ingmar Bergman s most famous film and, perhaps, one of the most famous 
A White Cat?!. After viewing Wag the Dog I can say that I did in fact enjoy watching it, but I m not wholly sure why. Well lets start with 
What price are we willing to pay for. As I write this review,I am two days removed from hearing of the tragic and senseless suicide of an acquaintance who had 
Great classic for a great price. With a cable modem, took about 1 hour and 15 minutes to download Unbox, install the program and download the episode. It s a 
Cajun Spice. This colorful and fast moving film from director Jim McBride about an only slightly corrupt cop in the Big Easy and the pretty Assistant District Attorney sent to 
What fun!. Elf is one of our favorite family Christmas movies. We purchased this particular edition for the karaoke, coloring pages, games, and activities that were offered. I really didn 
I Love this movie!. This movie has great actors, a great screenplay, and a great director. I can t fully write how good this film is and why it s 
Dreamlike. Alice starts harmlessly enough as we meet her, a dissatisfied NY housewife married to a wealthy banker. The fun starts when she goes to a Chinese doctor played by 
 What s so memorable about a clown stealing a million dollars? . If you need a laugh or if you need a stupid idea that may land you in 
Rodgers & Hammerstein s Cinderella Dvd. I was very well pleased in receiving my purchase of a dvd movie, Rodgers & Hammerstein s Cinderella . For many years I have 
I thought RUN LOLA RUN would never have any competition. Boy! Was I wrong?. Spun is an absolute pleasure to watch. It doesn t wait around to get noticed, instead 
All-star-fun. This is one of the best crazy comedies of the 80s.... Surprises stand in line and the entire cast is at its peek. Anita Morris, Bette Midler, Helen Slater, 
Life is its own reward. I read the book many years before seeing the movie. Both are testimonies of the mystery of the human spirit, the wonder and love of 
Excellent idea for the show. This is certainly one of the best Atlantis shows to date. Another one was Common Ground.  
Creepy chiller. Young Cameron possesses some crafty telekinetic powers and inadvertantly unleashes a nasty Mayan demon...A great horror film done in a sitcomish tvmovieoftheweekish style with a healthy heaping of 
It s a Mad Mad Mad Mad DVD. It s a Mad Mad Mad Mad World is one of the all time classic comedies. It may lose something in translation 
Another Wayne Ford Compilation. Many people know about John Wayne and John Ford s cavalry trilogy, three of the greatest westerns ever made, but another pairing between the two is 
Argghhhhh. What a wonderful twist on the classic Treasure Island. Silver is a cyborg and young Jim is a typical teen looking to find his place. Morph is a wonderful 
Beautiful, and Bold!. Beautiful, beautiful! Who doesn t want to dance majestically like this beautiful lady? She is captivating from beginning to end.Learn the beautiful Gypsy tango! Hips, swaying, skirt 
Tiki Fan Loves Blue Hawaii & Mai Tai s. The spirit of Tiki is alive & well in Blue Hawaii with Elvis, his BEST film! Everything seems to work in 
Mmm, mmm Good!. This erotic drama is a keeper. It definitely appeals to the senses. Hot steaming chinese baths, firecrackers. Passion, passion, passion all around. You will love it. Never 
Circus Side-show. This is done in good taste, and is a very enjoyable movie--well acted--well played--with added mystery effective in drawing you into the story to see someone get what 
Very original comedy. This movie was well thought out and is not one of those movies wear an actor uses a catch-phrase that he did in 10 other movies.However, the 
my daughter likes. I bought this and the Care Bears Movie 2: A New Generation for my 6 year old for her birthday and she loves to watch both movies 
Where are the other Moto films?. This is a good entry in the Mr. Moto canon, which comprises 8 films made between 1937-39. It is not my favorite, however--Mr. Moto 
Great for 3 year olds. My three year old loved being able to see the characters from Peter and the Wolf - it really solidified the story for him. I 
Liar Liar. This movie is great. Whoever have not seen it, should definately check it out. The funniest movie, I have seen in years.  
catch me if you can and live to tell about it. There are two movies that come to mind, when I speak of this one, Lonely are the Brave and 
ROCK hard candy !. A very different type of movie. Minimum props. and cost in production but thrilling from almost start to end. A few good twists and acting, well 
My Favorite Episode. I don t have television, haven t for 11 years. When I learned CBS was allowing free viewing over the internet I checked it out and started 
Good but not the best. One of better movies from Jacq Clusoe series, although not the best. There are some dull moments but also plenty of laughs supported by Peter 
The 3rd Best C&C Film. Hey Julio you forgot one Holmes.....what about the forgotten and seldom seen Things Are Tough All Over all of C&C movies are fun except the 
One of the best and most underrated rock n roll dvds!. I have seen so many rock magazines out there with its best rock movies list or reviews and for 
Chato s Land DVD. Excellent film if you think the indians were grossly mistreated by us, and I do. Here they got some much deserved revenge, and justice  
FOXFIRE - HEDDY BURRESS SHINES. Foxfire is a good story, wonderfully acted about a group of girls who reject being pushed around by the men in their life: one a 
Stupendously awful. Cyborg is perhaps one of the worst movies I ve ever seen. The acting is bad even for a Van Damme film, the sets are terribly forced and 
future filmmakers beware. Terry Gilliam is undoubtedly one of the greatest and most visionistic fimmakers of all-time.With that said it breaks my heart seeing this documentary but am glad i 
One Magic Christmas Review. One of the must see Christmas movies. A family oriented movie that will rekindle the Christmas spirit in everyone. We have this on VCR tape and 
A journey into a dark and complex mind. I really hope this film gets released on DVD sometime soon as it is truly a rare and extraordinary find, a brilliant 
Im Might Not Be A Surfer... I Might Not Be A Surfer But I Really Like This Movie. I Thought It Was Gona Be One Of The Worst Things I 
It almost goes the whole way to perfect... This movie was really on track to be an earth shattering experience for us sci-fi geeks. Here s why: creeped out techno 
best series out there. best series out there on any sci-fi show, makes you think and imagine the worlds out there in the universe. this is a good after thought 
The Secret of Roan Inish. To any and all ages, this may very well be my all time favorite movie. So beautiful, so touching, what a great myth to put 
Holy Nostalgia!. I had the pleasure of watching this movie -- and the accompanying TV series -- in two different, but equally enjoyable, phases: First, as a 4th grader when 
one of the best. This episode is a classic, and is one of the best in the series. It explores time travel and alternate time lines, and it s storytelling 
All Dogs Go to heaven. Don Bluth s 1989 film, All Dogs Go to Heaven is a smart movie in it s own way. I agree with some out there 
harry and the hendersons. this is a really great clasic i have found it on dvd. i just cant get enough on this movie i think ive worn out mv 
It s Jimmy Carr - Need more be said?!?. Thanks for keeping a Brit sane in a country full of My wife says... jokes.Your wife is fat and ugly and 
A powerful and moving story. I initially wanted to see this movie because I am a huge Oliver Martinez fan and I wanted to see more of his work. The 
Fanatastic Micheal & Odeds characters were intense. Watched the whole seaon one. It was really good now i m just upset that season two downloads aren t available. what s 
HG WELLS. This is an amazing service! For only 2 bucks i can watch what i like for the moment. In this case it was HG WELLS. Great biography  
Another widescreen review. PICTURE QUALITY = 4-SOUND QUALITY = 5 The overall picture quality is pleasant and satisfying. Color is nice but pxilazation is very present in the begining of 
Great!!. This has been one of my favorite musicals and is great for those more mature musical fans  
I am not a romance fan... I am not a romance fan... but this movie still remains in my top 50 list. And, I must admit, I cry at the 
best of the best 3 and 4. wow 2 great movies on one disk. they just dont make movies like these anymore  
Great Show. Bones is one of my favorite TV series. This one episode I missed so I had to get it to keep on track. Great show even if you 
Wow...just wow . There s not enough good I can say about this film. It is fascinating on so many levels.Filmmaker Andrew Jarecki s original idea -- to film New 
A charming, clever British comedy. Charles Laughton is typically wonderful in his broadly-played role as England s King, Henry the Eigth, who infamously married six different queens, divorcing or executing 
One Of Truffaut s Best. Near the beginning of this film a character says real estate is the place to make money, not the movie business, but he continues to 
An incisive portrait of british establishment. The loneliness of the long-distance runner is a honest expresionist portrait of british working class. Director Tony Richardson developed a short-story by Alan Sillitoe,who 
Great Film. My favorite Hepburn-Tracy film. Not only the acting, but the rhythm and pace of the film and the actors. I ve seen it many times. The story line 
One of the best teen dramas of all time. This is a classical anti enstablishment movie with teens bringing down the man. It is a classic Christian Slater movie. Love 
Well worth the . I love this video and my three-year-old daughter loves it too. She asks me to play it literally everyday and does the entire thing from beginning 
Uncompromisingly Brutal, Pessimistic, and Affecting. Brute Force is one of the most violent film noirs of the classic era, as well as one of the most pessimistic -and this is 
A classic!. This movie is a great accompaniment to PBS s recent documentary Watergate Plus: 30 Years later. We watched them back to back as PBS aired them this way 
Doctor Who and the first Download. Doctor who materialised without his Tardis on this, my first timelord download in the amazon unbox, which is much larger on the inside than 
The Fab 4 Conquer America!. These shows are excellent capsules of the early 60 s, featuring not just The Beatles, but Davy Jones part of the Oliver! cast , Frank 
If you are a pilot or controller this is the funniest movie. I am an air traffic controller and this movie is a comedy to me. It is so far 
I see that I Heart the Huckabees is meant for a selective audience. This movie is obviously not for everyone. It s not a comedy that you just put in 
HG WELLS. This is an amazing service! For only 2 bucks i can watch what i like for the moment. In this case it was HG WELLS. Great biography  
 This ain t New York, This the Bronx . Man, I don t see how can anyone say anything negative about this classic movie. Like another guy said earlier, 
one of the best. This episode is a classic, and is one of the best in the series. It explores time travel and alternate time lines, and it s storytelling 
EXCELLENT MOVIE. Not a big box office success this is really a very good movie. Great performances from Michelle Pfeiffer, Colin Firth, Jessica Lange and Jason Robards.  
Landmark caper movie. The granddaddy of all crime caper movies, it s about four crooks who break into a jewelery store and rob the safe, only to get gunned down 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
A masterpiece of subtlety. Diary of a Country Priest is not a film about christianity - though in many ways it is about faith. I see it as more of 
disgusting and brilliant!. it was hard for me to beleive that bad taste was directed by peter jackson, the director of the amazing lord of the rings trilogy. bad taste 
Beautiful Musical Score. A very touching film and the Musical score sets it off just right  
For gangster film aficionados. The film Dillinger charts the rise and fall of notorious gangster John Dillinger. The story presented distills his elaborate career, but some of the salient details 
This one gets alot of hate... but I thought it was good for a sequel.I m surprised people actually expect much from them.If you go in with an open mind 
Exciting Movie, Lots of Action and Beautiful S.E. I really enjoyed the watching the movie for it s scene with the Dragon and I thought the movie was interesting the 
All I can say is Wow !!!. I work at a video store , and I would see people rent this movie once in a while . Finally , I 
A Textbook Example of Reactive Attachment Disorder. Watch this movie if you want insight into how childhood sexual abuse, neglect and trauma horribly affects children s emotional development and ability 
Innocence revealed, though it s a struggle all the way. Cary Grant, convicted of arson murder at a factory, escapes from death row and holes up at the house of 
A Great Film. It all started with John Malkovich. Me seeing the movie I mean, not the film itself. I was scanning through Malkovich s filmography and saw this film 
DUTCH. Every time I was flipping the channels and Dutch was on I would end up staying on the channel and watching it. I hated Married with Children so I 
The Creature Will Neve Die!. This movie is one of the best creature features made in the Drive In 1950s. The print on the DVD is excellent as is the 
A True Classic. I remember overhearing a conversation that included my father and other men around his age talking about the movies they loved as young people. All of them 
A Near Perfect Movie. In America is a near perfect movie dealing w grief and learning to live again after tragedy. It is also about hope.The characters are engaging and 
Lycanthropy; Landis Style!. The Werewolf sub-genre is one that has suffered over the years from poverty row production values and destructive self mockery. Like the Zombie, the Werewolf is the 
COMPLEX. TANGLED IS ACTUALLY A REALLY GOOD MOVIE. YOU HAVE TO PAY ATTENTION OR YOU LL GET LOST IN THE PLOT BUT OTHER THAN THAT IT WAS A GREAT MOVIE 
beat street !!!!. Honestly beat street is the best breakin video out there period.This like the orgin of hip hop music,dancing and grafitti to this day.The storyline is alright not 
Funny,Funny,Funny. Even though this is about 4 years old, it is extremely halarious. I ve been waiting to see a good stand up comedy. The first 15 min is just 
Touching, funny, and thought provoking. The Ringer succeeds in moving well though being laugh out loud funny, touching, and thought provoking. Viewers who look for The Ringer to be simple 
Acting masterclass served on a silver tray. There are no axe murderers lurking in the closet, but Joseph Losey s decadent class-struggle allegory The Servant matches Polanski s Repulsion as 
Rodgers & Hammerstein s Cinderella Dvd. I was very well pleased in receiving my purchase of a dvd movie, Rodgers & Hammerstein s Cinderella . For many years I have 
Great show!. Desert Island Dish is a cute show about working together and nutrition but The Secret About Secrets steals the stage in this pair. It s a hillarious episode 
Great movie!. I ve never been to New Orleans, so I can t vouch for the accuracy of the film in that regard. Nevertheless, I love the whole atmosphere of 
Genius. Putting it simply, this film is the work of a genius. As a Tom Stoppard fanatic, I adored it from the moment I read the play, which was even 
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN MISTER RIGHT APPEARS TO TWO SISTERS AS THE PERFECT MAN?. FIRST OFF: The Man in the Moon , is a great film! With Robert Mulligan, the director 
A Christmas Classic. I am so happy that I found this Christmas Classic, The Year Without A Santa Claus on DVD! It brings back so many wonderful childhood Christmas memories! 
Odd film that is hard to stop watching. This seems more an experience than a film. I felt more of a voyeur peering into someone s private life than watching 
It s Jimmy Carr - Need more be said?!?. Thanks for keeping a Brit sane in a country full of My wife says... jokes.Your wife is fat and ugly and 
Sometimes it s good to be bad!. Boy, I sure do love this movie! That s quite a statement as I generally don t care a whole lot for westerns. 
A wonderfull heartbreaking and joyfull film. I was told to watch this film after I told someone I loved Memoris of a Geisha and I really liked this one. Told 
A real tear-jerker. This movie was so very well done, and so very sad. It will reach-around from behind you and pleasure you in a way you didn t expect, 
Grrrrr..... I liked this movie, and recommend that you rent it or buy it. Thank you  
Beauty and the Beast - The TV Series. I don t understand why this series has never been released on DVD. Although I could never understand why it went off 
Loved it. If you like Chinese movies, if you like simple down to earth stories, you ll love this. And the actors are not really actors. They re people from 
Jet Li s great. I really enjoyed Jet Li s performance in this movie. It s always refreshing to see unadulterated martial art. There were a few slow moments, but 
Great. I haven t heard the original cast recording so I can t compare this to it but, I think this is a very good movie musical. Madonna and Antonio 
Alien Nation sent promptly in great condition. Alien Nation was sent promptly. It is in excellent condition. Great service  
So Adorable. I had completely forgotten that this movie existed! I loved it as a small child. My mother let me watch it over and over when I was little 
The Best of the Bounties. Even though it tends to drag and the abuse gets a bit repetitive, this is by far the best adaptation of the famous British Navy 
Magnificent!!!. My brother, my husband, a co-worker of my husband and myself, think this movie is a superb piece of art. Chiristian Bale Batman begins is the main actor. At 
An older book that is still enjoyable. I came across Caddie Woodlawn as I was making my way through all the old Newbery books. I was pleasantly surprised at the 
Camille Claudel. First saw this film in 1989 when it came out. Purchased this copy after the Detroit Institute of Arts Claudel Rodin exhibit. Beautifully filmed. Poignant portrayal of Auguste 
The Other Side of Midnight. In my opinion, one of Sidney Sheldon s very best stories, excellent movie, need to pay close attention to some events in movie i.e. dinner 
cuba is the best. just as good as i remembered! I have spent 10yrs trying to find this film as i first saw it on sky tv. Everytime i described 
...When I was very small... This episode of Star Trek, The Man Trap is my earliest memory of what would become a lifelong enjoyment of the franchise. Truthfully, The Man 
You feel like you re there!. Great music. Makes you want to get up and dance - or sing - or both. Filming in a New York winter helps to 
Worth Watching Again And Again. This movie, the story of a teacher from an upscale area who is mistakenly assigned to a poverty-stricken school, is heartwarming and very funny. The 
Down from the mountain concert. I heard a song from this show on the radio about 6 months before The Oh brother where art thou film was released on DVD. 
Hepburn s Best. Others have reviewed this film extensively in this forum. Simply put, this was Audrey Hepburn s best performance, and should have brought her a second Oscar win 
Classic Movie!. Nick Meyer did a great job at his first directorial debut for the Star Trek franchise. I liked the much more navy~ish feel and the more military style 
Brilliant acting by Roth and Ormond. I stumbled upon this video very late one night about two weeks ago, quite by accident. I was drawn in immediately and held absolutely 
Ryans Daughter DVD. Delivery time has improved from USA to Australia & all went well  
No fool like an old fool. Carole Bouquet is the thinner Conchita who is somewhat severe. Angela Molina is the one who dances and seems more natural.Jean-Claude Carriere wrote the 
Hepburn, O Toole and Givenchy, what more do you need?. William Wyler s How to Steal a Million is the very best Stanley Donen picture that Stanley Donen didn t 
Note to 50s Sci-Fi Fan. The Band is awesome. No doubt about it, but that s just it. They were a BAND. Robbie Robertson spelling correct somehow fooled the other 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
Mother s Day All Time Favorite Horror!. I First Saw this Movie When I Was About 9 Or 10 Years Old Back In 1984 Or 1985 At My Mom And 
Enjoyable!. I like to watch Cary Grant movies and The Talk Of The Town may not be his best movie but it is good and enjoyable! Cary Grant is very 
good family movie. awesome to watch with all age groups - funny with enough to keep parents laughing and enjoying as well as small children to teenagers  
An Underrated Film. This is one of the most underrated war or anti-war films of all time. The story is a familiar one: a group of American and German soldiers 
Great action-fantasy. This film was definitely not nominated for any academy awards but it sure is a lot of fun to watch. Well filmed and well acted and really well 
Wonderful video!. This is the first thing that I ever bought of the Spice Girls. I wanted to know more about them & their music before I got too invested. 
The up-side of our country:. Regardless of how disenchanted one might become with its politics, its politicians, or its policies, a film like this restores one s faith in what 
This sequel is better than the first!. This movie covers a crime most people know nothing about. Indentity fraud. At least they don t know about it until it s 
Best In Show is Best in Comedy. This movie is a scream! I laughed until I thought I was going to die. Comedy doesn t get any better than this. 
Regression Therapy Gone Bad... 1980 s Altered States is a very solid science fiction thriller featuring an excellent cast, intriguing special effects, and an implausible but fascinating premise: that man 
Great Pirate Movie. This one came first --before the adventures shown on the big screen today. You will like this one just as much if you don t mind the 
John Lennon in His Own Words. Imagine is a feature length documentary about John Lennon s life, centred around the Imagine recording sessions, but also featuring footage from the Beatle 
Mickey Rourke is awesome in A prayer for the dying . Loved this movie, and thoroughly enjoyed Mickey Rourke s wonderful performance. It was my only chance to hear him 
GOT MILK....??. Dario Argento fans have nothing to fear,Anchor Bay has done justice to this film.The video transfer from Anchor Bay is simply amazing and the digital 2.0 sound is 
an intense and colourful ritual. Anyone with an interest in underground film or occultism, especially Thelema, should check this film out. Of Course as a &quot;Crowleyite&quot; Ken s film is 
the real west. It is movie about the strength of friendship and how three men carry out a promise to a dying friend.How men will fight to the end for 
A Christmas Classic. For every season, there is a classic movie. In our house, A Christmas Story tops the list when Christmas rolls around. Without a doubt this movie is 
The Modern Animal Farm. George Orwell s Animal Farm has been looked upon as one of the best novels in the 20th century. Through talking animals, the storyline cleverly introduces 
Needs Avatar the last airbender. Okay you guys have amazing, cool, and sweet videos on Amazon. My favorite though is Avatar and I have bought every single episode you have 
I just want to tell everyone... When this movie came out and I saw it at the movietheater---You know the scene in the car where Tine finally gets enough and 
A kinetic ride!. Shoot the piano player reveals the enormous amount of expressive burden and creative energy respect to well know establsihed and fixed classic references.When you think in New 
Not great Hitchcock, but a Hitchcock after all!. We are taken by Alfred Hitchcock to the French Riviera where a series of robberies are occurring, and women screaming that their 
Excellent, a must see. I am an 18 year old white male from a high-class family.. I loved this movie.. The performance of Omar and ll cool j is just 
Send In The Clowns!. Plot: Three brothers -- Casey Nathan Forrest Winters , Geoffrey Brian McHugh , and Randy Sam Rockwell -- are left on their own when their parents 
Take your time and keep doing it!. I did callanetics at a gym about 6 years ago, and I remember dropping 1 dress size after only one month. Then life 
A. Reader. Flipping through cable stations late one night, I came across a bearded Alan Bates intellectually and poetically analogizing a fig to the female part before a party of 
What I wanted. I got the movie I wanted. I saw it one summer many years ago and was never able to find it. It was never played on tv 
this film kicked ass. western fans, you ll love this film. the other reviews where they re saying this film is dull just didn t watch it right. the gun 
As wringy as a bar and twiste as strong!!!. Major, Major Norton! Where s thatDavy Crockett DVD I told you to find?Listen up causeGeneral Jackson wants you to goacross the 
a fasinating 1960 movie. a beautiful movie shot before the jesus statue was built on the top of that mountain. death followed the heroine all around...such a sad but very 
amazing movie. We watched this movie in my Modern Latin America class. It moved me to tears. What happened in Argentina in that period, la guerra sucia and los desaparecidos 
Roller coaster pal to psycho killer. Even though this film might be categorized as a guilty pleasure, it still contains excellent early performances by Mark Wahlberg, Reese Witherspoon and a 
Eddie and the Cruisers. The movies were purchased for my wife - she has enjoyed both Eddie and the Cruisers and Eddie Lives very much -- she would highly recomend 
Excellent, but sad movie. Just forget about what critics say about this movie. I just watched it for the first time the other day and I thought it was really 
Childish sometimes. But still very good.I bought this DVD just some days ago and it amazed me.Christina gives an entertaining show where she both sings and dances, and doesn t 
One of the FIRM s best. I ve tried most of the firm workouts and find this one to be oen of, if not, the best. It s upbeat and 
Movies. My husband liked this movie so much he said he had to have it if ever came out on DVD. He likes Sidney Poltler. Good additon to collectio  
GREAT MOVIE. I had seen this movie a couple of years ago and I have always wanted to see it since. I bought it finally and I d have to 
The river. This is a masterpiece by Jean Renoir. The river is the life itself with its contradictions. It deals with life and death, the problems of being a teenager 
Nag, Nag, Nag. This isn t one of the Dirty Harry series but it might as well be. Clint Eastwood plays a tough Phoenix cop who s been around a 
Tom Drake Alfred Sinclair &quot;Buddy&quot; Alderice was fantastic!. I watched this film at least 17 times, it was a wonderful film. My all time favourite. Buddy was aboslutely adorable, proving 
Excellent Audio Commentary by Stephen Prince. I knew that Akira Kurosawa s Kagemusha 1980 had some basis in history, but I didn t know how much until I listened to 
 There you go with that wishin stuff again. I wish you was a wishing well, so that I could tie a bucket to ya and sink ya. . Everyone 
One of the few artsy films I enjoy. Like most artsy films, The Piano is a visual experience. And, because it s an artsy film, it will be hard for 
We gonna have ourselves a car chase today. I guess that is the point of this movie, but there is a little more to it. Kowalski played by Barry Newman 
A great film. I m going to be brief here. This is just a darn good movie. It has sort of a Wes Anderson feel to it, but no voice 
In your face and gripping. Just a great movie. A breath of fresh air, because unlike most of the films about girls, boys or men are the center of everything 
I enjoyed the season premeir emensely. I enjoyed this series premier tremendously and am looking forward to watching the rest of the series. Enterprise started before I had my PVR 
Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST!. The Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST drama I have seen ever. Korean, American, doesn t matter! This is better than anything 
This show is the funniest thing on TV right now. I ve never watched any shows regularly on FX until this year, when I happened to catch a double episode 
Much Better Than I Expected. I avoided this movie when it was released because I couldn t imagine that a film based on the marital breakup of Nora Ephron and 
Excellent Rabbit Fantasy!. I Love this story for my Boys. It is now a story I put on for my Grandson. It keeps their attention and there is always something 
Almodovar the God!. No transvestites? No Transvestites? That s just sublime especially for an Almodovar film. Still there will always be this innovative edge that eeks strange. Psychic male nurses, 
Another fine effort by Criterion. Once again, Criterion does a classic movie justice. The digital transfer is 100x better than previous versions available on dvd and the extras are strong, 
A fast-paced, different type of thriller. 15 Minutes is worth the money. It probably will not be the number one DVD in your collection, but you re sure to go 
Excellent movie. This is probably one of the best horror movies of it s time. It is still scary today. It s not bloody, it doesn t need to be 
excellent film!. this movie is a romantic tale of a young man who wants to be the best salsa dancer in the world pretty much. it s kind of cheesy 
Awesome Movie- I highly recommend. This movie was really great. I could not take my eyes off of the television. I usually fall asleep during movies but, not this one!This 
One of the greatest films of all time. Despite what some people might think, Boyz N The Hood is in no way a film that glorifies a gangsta lifestyle. It 
Great for all dog lovers!. I was so pleasantly surprised by this movie. I ll admit, though, that I had low expectations because most kids movies are ridiculous. I hadn 
Realistic Look At 50 s Naval Aviation. This is one of the best movies ever made about the U.S. Navy. If nothing else, the detailed scenes of a straight-deck carrier 
Great, Great, Great, Great, Great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I Loved This Movie. It Made Me Cry And I Am A Grown Man. Michael Keaton Is Great In This Movie. You Need To Get 
Time Cannot Erode. An assault for certain, and all the more nefarious due to its artistic merit. Before going any further, to address this edition specifically, I have to say 
Great movie, but transfer is not the best. I love this movie and could watch it many times. It includes the best part of an earlier Harold Lloyd movie, the 
Probably the closest to perfection possible. I recently watched this film again, as I do periodically, and thought I d comment. Several reviewers have pointed out that although the film 
The Original What about Bob . The insanity in this movie reminded me very much of the What about Bob obsessive desire to manipulate the will of another human being 
Story of Flint presaged what has happened since. Michael Moore s first major film was one of his best in my opinion for two reasons. First off, since he did 
A true Disney Masterpiece. This was the first Disney movie I watched as a child.I would still watch it today. Disney successfully humanizes the movie to children by using friendly 
a review of a review. This is simply in response to the latest review made by a viewer about this film. I, quite simply, feel that the review has a 
Reese Witherspoon s Oscar came a deacde late. Better than both Seven and Natural Born Killers , director Matthew Bright s Freeway is a looseleaf modern view of Red Riding 
a simple masterpiece. For a plot synopsis please read the Amazon review. I wish to talk about the reasons why you will love this film.As a longtime fan of both 
THE BEST. YOU KNOW THE STORY. PROBABLY THE BEST AND MOST TIMELESS CHRISTMAS MOVIE EVER. ALL THE CHARACTERS ARE GEMS, ESPECIALLY DARRIN McGAVIN AS THE OLD MAN . ONE OF 
Excellent, realistic, intense slice of an addicts life and how he gets clean despite himself. Michael Keaton is perfect in this role. No one else could have played that part. 
Absolutely riveting!. No this isn t Courtney of Friends, but once you get past that - this is MUST WATCH TV! While the show has content that can be shocking, 
Romaticaly Gothic. I have been a fan of vamp movies for a long time, books, movies, at any other type of media. This movie was a very romantic type of 
fabulous. Another amazing read by duras...I have yet to read another writer that comes close to duras where words and meaning are concerned...Highly recommended if you re a Duras fan 
Kama Sutra. Wow, everything you wanted to know but were afraid to ask. Mature audiences only please  
COULDN T TAKE MY EYES OFF OF RITA HAYWORTH!!!. The story line is good, the acting by all parties is excellent--But what really drew me to this movie was the 
Beverly Hills Cop II. Axel Foley Eddie Murphy is back in the hit sequel, Beverly Hills Cop 2. Many times sequels to original blockbuster films are sucky. There even more 
The true story of an outstanding soldier... Audie Murphy s screen autobiography is a much better film than it has any right to be... The Army provides a Depression-era kid 
Flight of the Intruder.......Book.and DVD. I rcvd the book,and I liked it,I also ordered a DVD which I never rcvd,and have had no luck finding it with your tracking program,and 
Great. This is a very fun show and i enjoy watching it. i bought all the episodes available and they all worked great! its good to pay less to view 
 Civilization is like a thin layer of ice upon a deep ocean of chaos and darkness. Werner Herzog,. This comment may contain spoilers Aguirre, The Wrath of God is 
Mogambo. Frankly, I have not watched this DVD version yet as I have it on Laser Disc  
Greate Movie!. I always loved these movies love jasonget it you won t be dissapointed  
Excellent Movie 4 Traders. Ok 4 Others. To fully apreciate this movie you have to be a trader, a trader who has experienced loses. Many of the emotions that Nick 
Outstanding!. This was a wonderful movie when I was younger and first saw it! I am so glad to have watched it again and still feel the same  
Rebel Without a Cause. Rebel Without a Cause, the film that made James Dean a star and a film that still seems relevant today. If you ignore the style and 
Still As Good As I Remember. Back in 1988 when I was in college we all sat in dining hall one night and sang the School House Rock songs to 
The best historical war drama from the Far East. I have seen many historical war dramas from Far East mainly China s and most of them are not only historically 
Epic Korean Drama. Koreans honor their greatest military hero in this epic drama which takes place in the late 1500s. The career and tactics of this Admiral are still studied 
Great Movie. Great Disc. This is one of Hitchcock s best movies, which means it s one of the best movies period. The two different versions of the film aren 
I never get tired of watching it. This movie will grow on you if you like the sweet romantic comedy.The cast is great. Ed Walters Tim Robbins the Garage Mechanic 
What fun...with my own reservations... I have to admit that a few things about this film disappointed me. The acting was better than expected, and the script was somewhat literate. 
first class. I saw this movie on VHS at the end of the 80s and always wanted to have it on a good quality. I searched for it on the 
Scary Potrayal. A very scary potrayal when ignorant people are given even a little bit of power. A white woman accuses a black man of raping her an all hell 
SO TOUCHING!. I have to confess that I went to tears watching thIS movie, and usually I don t get emotional easily. It s so touching, a PhD professor of 
Underrated gem with a bonus... This film is light and fun, well acted and knows what it is. A film that doesn t take itself seriously yet does present a 
Dustin collection. What a classic!! Good sound and picture, and if you want to see Jon and Dustin starting out, get this dvd!!  
The Phantom of the Opera is there, inside my mind... I like a lot The Phantom of the Opera - what a fun, grand movie - it s got all 
cold truth. This is the West as I imagine it actually was, rough, unrefined, and brutal. Similar in tone to DAYS OF HEAVEN, another bit of American history, THE CLAIM 
Great News!. While Paramount Home Video has successfully marketed DVD packages of I Love Lucy, Warner Bros. Home Video is now getting into the act with a package that includes 
Joe Pendelton says, Evelyn Keyes GOOD... Rita Johnson BAD!. January 1, 2007 A WONDERFUL, WONDERFUL MOTION PICTURE...Very happy to see that this terrific film will finally be struck to DVD.But 
An Uplifting Album. Another one of Commissioned s masterpieces. My husband and I love this CD, and are usually fighting over who gets to listen to it. My husband s 
Awesome Episode!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Scooby Doo rocks! This was an awesome episode, and an awesome way to download some of the earlier episodes of Scooby. Fun stuff, and an inexpensive download  
Definitely the best of the Mann Westerns. Yea, it s great that most of the other ones are out on DVD, but this really is the best of the Mann 
Fabulous. I am a big Micky Rourke fan any way. This movie just does something for me. It isn t for everyone. If sexual content movies bother you, this movie 
 Talk to Her with truly speak to you... Pedro Almodovar has again given us a beautifully haunting film, a film that causes us to truly think about our lives 
Teacher s Review. By far, this version of Julius Caesar is the best. Marlon Brando is outstanding in his portrayal of Marc Antony note his Dogs of war speech as 
My Favorite Episode. I don t have television, haven t for 11 years. When I learned CBS was allowing free viewing over the internet I checked it out and started 
Ill fated torrid love affair. Drifter Frank Chambers played by John Garfield is hired to work at a California roadside diner by owner Nick Smith played by a plain looking 
My Favourite Movie. This is the most hilarious movie,with John CAndy stuck inside a terrible soap opera!!HE can control events and turn himself into a hero by using his magic 
Stand and Deliver. Superbly directed by Menndez for PBS s American Playhouse, Stand and Deliver is a cut above most motivational storytelling, because it bypasses sentimentality in favor of a 
Great quality. There is a good reason you d want to buy this from Amazon. The quality. Sure, you can watch it for free on CBS, but the quality isn 
As Good As It Gets. Usually sequels are not as good as the original films they follow...one need only think of,say Jaws to get this point..But with The Two Jakes 
One of the Greatest Sci-Fi Films of the Past Decade!!. This movie, Equilibrium directed by Kirt Wimmer Ultraviolet is one of the most overlooked and forgoten gems of cinema in 
Sam Elliot was. born to be a cowboy! Lots of action, lots of bad guys getting their due and at least one lady being rescued!  
Really, my all-time favorite. My husbands laughs when I say a movie is my favorite I have many favorites , but this one really is. I also love to read 
Great DVD. A real classic in the comedy genre. I continue to quote lines from the movie. I came for your daughter, Chuck . Kids, you know I love em 
Just as great as the TV episodes. The great thing about this movie version is that all the original voices of Clifford John Ritter , Emily Elizabeth, Cleo, and T-Bone 
Star Trek At Its Best. Shore Leave is one of the best episodesof the classic series. It uses all thesci fi props but also has a great story,if you don 
Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST!. The Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST drama I have seen ever. Korean, American, doesn t matter! This is better than anything 
Ab Original. This really fine film deals with itself on its own terms and does not try to answer all of its own questions. For example -- the death and 
Clever comment on Reaganism set in a galaxy of post-transformational liberalism. Just kidding, I don t know what I m talking about. You should see this movie if you like:1 
Amazing Plot, Superb Script, And Sublime Acting From A Brilliant Cast. I saw The Great Santini in the theatre in 1979 when it was first released. I always thought that 
Laugh out loud funny. I ve seen Stephen Lynch live, in this Comedy Central special, and heard his audio cds. Live is by far the best experience but this video 
A beautiful movie. Tortilla Soup is an amazing movie filled with not only hilarious scenes, but brilliant acting and real and down to earth characters. Hector Elizondo gives a brilliant 
One of the BEST episodes!. I urge everyone out there to download this episode! This one totally rocks! Shep, a Wraith and Kolya all in one episode! Any episode with 
Richard Pryor - Master Storyteller. You know it kind of bothers me when folks label others. Especially when the label minimizes a person s worth. Ask just about anyone to 
mystery murder. the movie should be remaded, in color. The movie had a excellent review do to acting of Ms. Stanwyck  
Great show, works now!. Avatar is one of my favorite shows. I am so thrilled that it is on Amazon. At first, the episode I downloaded didn t work, but 
Joan Shines in Spruced-Up Classic. Crawford fans already know that while this movie was a famous flop for Joan, it contains one of her most interesting performances. Now they can 
Good as gold. How to steal a million was a light-hearted farce starring too skilled performers in their own right. Audrey Hepburn is delightful as the sweetheart bedazzled by Peter 
Great movie. I had to watch this in a college course i was taking. I enjoyed the movie. My Family Mi Familia describes the tale of three generations of an 
Funny,Funny,Funny. Even though this is about 4 years old, it is extremely halarious. I ve been waiting to see a good stand up comedy. The first 15 min is just 
Powerful movie. Frances is a powerful movie that tells the story of a very gifted, beautiful and smart actress falling apart as she struggles to fit into the Hollywood mold 
It s Jimmy Carr - Need more be said?!?. Thanks for keeping a Brit sane in a country full of My wife says... jokes.Your wife is fat and ugly and 
Offscreen Drama. Frances Farmer was a 1930s actress who starred in movies such as Come and Get It . But she was known more for what happened in her real 
HG WELLS. This is an amazing service! For only 2 bucks i can watch what i like for the moment. In this case it was HG WELLS. Great biography  
The best historical war drama from the Far East. I have seen many historical war dramas from Far East mainly China s and most of them are not only historically 
TV s Best Miniseries. The title just represents my opinion, but this is without a doubt, one of the best if not the best of the TV mini-series. This was 
An Insanely Funny Comedy for those with the RIght Background. This is a work of genius. It is creative, original, funny and well done. That being said, it is probably 
The best baseball movie ever made. ... and perhaps the best movie, period, is &quot;Pastime,&quot; a perfect blend of character study and morality play, both a slice-of-life and larger-than-life view 
Very Good. I found this video very enjoyable. I had seen most of these cartoons before on t.v., but only the butchered versions that the censors felt were appropriate for 
Epic Korean Drama. Koreans honor their greatest military hero in this epic drama which takes place in the late 1500s. The career and tactics of this Admiral are still studied 
Prepare to laugh yourself silly. One of the greatest funny man teams of all time: Jack Lemmon and Tony Curtis. They work so well together! I only wish they had 
Sparkle Review. I have loved this movie ever since I was a little girl. The DVD is awsome. It has been re-mastered beautifully  
Rich in metaphor, hard to categorize. Like del Toro s Pan s Labyrinth which has made huge waves in the non-Hollywood world, The Devil s Backbone is not easily categorised. 
A memory of 30 years comes to life. I first saw this film when I was thirteen - perhaps even younger, as I recall seeing it in black and white. 
SAD CHAPTER IN AMERICAN HISTORY. Based on actual events, Rosewood relates the events that led to as many as 150 African Americans being murdered and burned out of their homes 
Disturbing and Real. This movie will stay with you for a long while, whether you want to remember the images or not. It tells the story of the underbelly of 
Classic James Cagney Performance In One Of The Landmark Gangster Films Of the Depression Era. Few performers have become so identified with one particular type of role as James Cagney 
Original Angelina. I am really glad that I got the unrated version of this movie. It was worth the extra cost. I would put this at the top of my 
Surprisingly moving and rich. This fine film really snuck up on me emotionally, but the superb performances of Jennifer Lopez Sharon and Jim Caviezel Catch are rich, nuanced, and ultimately 
King of the Wild Frontier. Walt Disney made five television shows about Davy Crockett with Fess Parker in the title role and Buddy Ebsen as his sidekick George Russel. You 
very good c d. good quick service,and good price.jim  
Great quality. There is a good reason you d want to buy this from Amazon. The quality. Sure, you can watch it for free on CBS, but the quality isn 
ONE OF BAKSHI S BETTER ONES. In anticipation of the upcoming DVD release of Bakshi s Wizards, I ordered several of his other films on DVD. Of the ones I 
Classic. A must have for anyone who likes love stories. A true classic and should be in everyones collection  
FAVORITE EPISODE. IT WAS ONE OF MY FAVORITE EPISODES A WAY TO GET BUFFY AND ANGEL TOGETHER WITHOUT CHANGING THE STORYLINE. AND THE CHARACTERS WHERE ABLE TO EXPRESS HOW THEY 
The Indisputable Kurosawa Masterwork Given Worthy Criterion Treatment. Leave it to the Criterion Collection to give Akira Kurosawa s seminal 1950 masterpiece its due with this superb 2002 DVD package. 
Happy To Watch. This movie is a classic - a young er Nicholas Cage is fun to watch, as is the entire cast! One of my favorites to watch over 
groundbreaking. I believe this is known as the first official known documentary film. Like all good documentaries, it was able to make me, the viewer, relate to the subject. I 
How Far We ve Come. When I watched this classic documentary, I couldn t help but think that if we ever had to get back to the level of living 
Mel Ferrer directs this movie!. We are in presence of a film that at least, it dared to challenge the delicate issue; civilization against enrooted ancestral beliefs, whose fate has 
Under the Full Cherry Moon. I think you have to see this movie a second time to fully appreciate it. There is alot of subtlties that I didn t pick 
Great Show. Bones is one of my favorite TV series. This one episode I missed so I had to get it to keep on track. Great show even if you 
War Pigs. This film should be seen and discussed in classrooms and small gatherings across the country.KMoor  
There has to be more on the way. I need to see more Voltron. They need to come out with a box set or something. This was a great video 
Dark and Light. This drama is filled with possitive messages but has a darkness to it that will make you angry, in a productive way  
Many writers are dead before we know how great they are. Director Julian Schnabel, an artist himself, has centered his two best-known films on fine, misunderstood artists. Basquiat with Jeffrey 
Audie Murphy. I think our most decorated war hero was type cast in action films,namely low budget westerns. He may have been a better actor than that, if given the 
Powder. I loved this quirky movie. I am glad to have it on dvd.  
A Wild & Creepy Sleeper !. Stuart Gordons DAGON is a unique horror gem that belongs in every true horror fans collection! While not as well known as Re-Animator this 
AWESOME SERIES! MUST HAVE!. Everyone seriously needs to sit down and watch this series. It is full of action and surprises! The stories are phenomenal and I am totally hooked! 
An Intruiging Plot, With A good Message. Insomnia is quite simply about a web of lies, and the consequnces they can produce. It is very well acted on both Pacino 
Classic musical given the star treatment. Some of the re-writes for this movie are a bit hard to take. While the new opening is a little hard to take, it 
Small, precise movements target the glute area. The Lotte Berk Method is a form of exercise developed by Russian dancer Lotte Berk and brought to America by Lydia Bach. Drawing 
Funny,Funny,Funny. Even though this is about 4 years old, it is extremely halarious. I ve been waiting to see a good stand up comedy. The first 15 min is just 
Not one false note in any of these films.... The Decalogue is indeed as collosal and as moving as people have said. Each film is inspired by one of the 
A Time to Think. Grisham once said he wrote his other books, e.g., The Firm, et al., so he could afford to write important books, like this one, upon which 
If you loved the movie, you will love this. I really enjoyed most of the cd. I would have liked some other songs to replace 2 of the remixes of 
Another incredible Richard Widmark performance. I am SUCH a big fan of Richard Widmark, he s my favorite actor, and SO underappreciated Well,at least in my opinion I m thrilled 
SPOON!. The Tick kicks ass. This is one of the best episodes. It s a must have  
beat street !!!!. Honestly beat street is the best breakin video out there period.This like the orgin of hip hop music,dancing and grafitti to this day.The storyline is alright not 
Memories Are Made Of This!. What do the following have in common?A boy named Ralphie and the phrase You ll poke your eye out !A Red Ryder BB Gun and 
who s having a baby?. BIG fan of 80 s... music and culture, and most of all The Movies. she s having a baby is not just a teen movie 
Worked Wonderfully. Download takes awhile, but the picture quality was great, even full screen. It played all the way through. And, to boot, it s an excellent show  
Warm and fuzzy. This one has one of those touching endings where you get to see that even Booth has a heart...well, more so than we already know. The ending 
A ton of cheese... What I loved about this movie and the TV show was that Adam West, Burt Ward, and the rest of the cast played it completely straight. 
My Favorite Episode. I don t have television, haven t for 11 years. When I learned CBS was allowing free viewing over the internet I checked it out and started 
Another Poignant View of the Holocaust from Prague. Writer Jir Hubac and Director Matej Minac have created a fine and very different approach to the Holocaust stories of WW II 
How Far We ve Come. When I watched this classic documentary, I couldn t help but think that if we ever had to get back to the level of living 
To The Top Of The World!!!. Great movie, loads of fun. A must have for anyone collecting movies. Enjoy a cup of JO while you take a train trip to 
The best historical war drama from the Far East. I have seen many historical war dramas from Far East mainly China s and most of them are not only historically 
one of the best. This episode is a classic, and is one of the best in the series. It explores time travel and alternate time lines, and it s storytelling 
Joan Shines in Spruced-Up Classic. Crawford fans already know that while this movie was a famous flop for Joan, it contains one of her most interesting performances. Now they can 
losing control. One of Kira Reed s best. In case you don t know, Kira Reed, a former playmate who besides being beautiful, is a very good actress. The movie 
Crazy cool. The actress Jeanne Moreau, now almost 80, pauses from talking about her film career, as if something urgent has occurred to her. She looks dead at you, the 
A good, smart, funny movie. As soon as I walked out of the theater I declared that I had to own a copy of this movie. I had to wait 
Great companion DVD to the Rankin-Bass collection. We bought this DVD and the Rankin-Bass collection and they get played continually the last two Christmases.Nice DVD, nothing fancy in the packaging. 
Informative. Nice little video for my Zen during my long wait at the doctor s office. Confucius overcame many difficulties  
SIMPLY BEAUTIFUL... I never heard of this film until I saw it on somebody s amazon list. I read many reviews and decided to give it a try. Wow, what 
Review of 5 Day Abs. 5 Daily, short abdominal routines was a great idea from the FIRM! This one is comprised of segemtns from five of the original, total body 
Good movie as always, where the subtitles?. This movie is still as good today as it has always been. I had the original on VHS, but decided to get the 
wholesome entertainment. this film is just long enough to enjoy a small part of beethovens life. however humorous, it is seriously sad when beethoven expresses his pain from the loss 
funnier than a breakaway chastity belt. This film should be seen in its uncut and unrated video version; the theatrical release was butchered by moralists and punishment freaks when it 
Butch and Sundance Ride into Film History. Butch and Sundance is an amazing wonderful film: in this ultimate collectors edition it sparkles like a beautiful jewel. The package is complete 
My Favorite Episode. I don t have television, haven t for 11 years. When I learned CBS was allowing free viewing over the internet I checked it out and started 
Gritty and Utterly Realistic Fights. The Hunted is a fantastically gritty, pulse-pounding chase film with refreshing realism, and is a fine return to form for the occasionally brilliant Friedkin, who 
My favorite. This was my favorite episode as a kid. I was so happy to see I could download it to watch with my kids  
Barbarella is the unchallenged Queen of the Galaxy. After watching Jane Fonda as Barbarella I have nothing negative to say about her  
Incredibly funny. Certainly one of the funniest films ever. Great acting and directing. Especially suitable for dog owners, but not limited to them.  
If you love wild westerns.... you ll love this movie. I love watching movies about Billy The Kid, Jesse James, Butch Cassidy, and more. I m tired of movies about 
My favorite Hartley Film. If you like Trust and Simple Men then you ll love this film. Personally I love all of Hartley s works, but to me these three 
Perfect film for the entire family. One of the first signs of civilization in the old west was the arrival of the Fred Harvey restaurant. This is the Hollywood version 
So Beautiful... So German. This film is touching and poetic, beautiful and desolate. It is truley of the post-war zietgiest, interspersed footage of the clean up of Berlin and multiple 
There is an Easter Beagle!. The 1970s were the artistic prime for the Peanuts specials, and It s the Easter Beagle, Charlie Brown is no exception. The voices, animation, and 
Everyone must watch this !. Now this is a film for the whole family, and I don t mean that as a bad thing. This is a great film. Full 
Two thumbs up. In my opinion this movie is exactly what you would expect it to be. Sure it is vulgar, sure there are a lot of explicits throughout the 
Classic 70s thriller, one of the decade s best. This movie is yet another of the untold examples for why I d like to pound the heads of the movie 
Great Cult Classic. The first time I saw this film was back in high school, over 20 years ago. At that time we thought that this was the craziest movie 
Great Performance. I m not a big Judy Holliday fan. She seems to have played the ditzy but smart squeaky-voice role over and over. This said, Born Yesterday is easily 
Fine film! too bad about all the Nazis in it... . As another reviewer rightly pointed out, this film is one of the most influential films in cinema history. A 
Deserves far more than 5 stars!!. I ve been looking for a DVD like this one for years! I ve been dancing Middle Eastern for years, but have always been 
Awesome movie!. This movie has affectionately received the title of The Lysol Movie in my house, because it has eliminated 99.9 of unnecessary garbage movies are filled with today. The 
Hey look! A war movie I like!. Like many of the other reviewers, I went into the movie thinking it would be about the horrors of war. But it was 
Re-animate me. I m another one of those reviewers who saw this hilarious film in the 80s and fell in love with it. This DVD with it s many bonuses 
mean machine. My son, being a hugh soccer fan liked it a lot. I liked the longest yard story line  
Oh Yeah!!. Opera aka Terror At The Opera was the first Argento movie I ever saw. It was fantastic! Great storyline, great gore, great Argento style. This movie flowed, music 
Green Equals Money!. Green infernos wage when you mess with knock off artists. Van Damme plays the Most Legitimate Businessman in this comical farce. His partner is played by Rob 
Very, very good comedy. As other reviewers have said, Leonard Maltin is absolutely wrong about this film. The comedy is very tight and well timed. The dialogue is the wittiest 
I enjoyed the season premeir emensely. I enjoyed this series premier tremendously and am looking forward to watching the rest of the series. Enterprise started before I had my PVR 
Cajun Spice. This colorful and fast moving film from director Jim McBride about an only slightly corrupt cop in the Big Easy and the pretty Assistant District Attorney sent to 
Thanks, Mom from Janet. This movie, if nothing else, defines my childhood. Appearing on The Children s Hour with Ed Herlihy every Saturday, amid early morning rehearsals, and all that, 
One of Argento s best. Great kills, inventive and stylish sets, lighting, and camera work...what more can you ask for. This is pure Argentoright here. I personally enjoy the ending 
What movie did the other reviewers watch?. Luchino Visconti is a master of the epic, however, his epic style always takes place within a family and always leads downward towards 
Better of many older submarine thrillers. I was really impressed by this film and I must congratulate Hollywood for presenting the Soviet war machine in such a realistic way. The 
HORROR,TWISTED,. This movie is not for the weak or for kids. this movie is 200 HORROR.  
What about your wife?. A young Czech man named Milos Hrma begins work in a train station in Nazi occupied Czechoslovakia. His father retired from the same job and is 
Certain times I like it, others I don t. How do you separate a socially important film from a great film? Sure this film tackled the AIDS homosexuality issue head-on 
the champ in czechoslovakia. this is a charming comedy set against the backdrop of the velvet revolution, wherein a middle-aged musician reduced to playing for funerals marries a russian immigrant 
This gave me nightmare s!. Honestly as an adult I should know better,that its all Hollywood,but seriously I didnt sleep for 2 days after watching this. I ll never look 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
Transformation of a life -a masterpiece. In short, this movie shows how a man who s succesful and rich but lives in a permanent lie suddenly cracks up -in a 
Lots of funny moments make a great movie. Bill Murray proves that he can direct as well, and a first rate supporting cast including TV s Monk Tony Shalhoub and 
Brilliant and Profound Film. This French film with subtitles of a play of the 19th century is excellent. It s hard to describe other than it s about love, integrity, 
Very True to Life. Great movie all around. Lucas is a little guy with heart. Maggie Green was very pretty and kind. I relly liked how Cappie Sheen stukck up 
??????. How can anyone bash this serial?. It was made in 1949. All batfans across the world can thank this type of thing for making the franchise what it is 
A Fine Tune Indeed !!. A great opportunity to see two of the worlds finest Actors toe to toe in this gritty drama about the Army in post war 1945 
Shirley Valentine. I was very pleased with this motion picture. The casting and script were well developed and the performance exquisite. I found Pauling Collins to be a very credible 
best horror movie i ve seen in a LONG time. Freddy Krueger Robert Englund is been dead for years in the Real World and the Dream World. Since Freddy is 
A true Disney Classic. I have seen this movie many, many times and It still hasn t gotten old. I would love to see this one on a two disc 
Sophia Loren is the best. I think this movie is one the best movies that were ever made. I really loved it especially the third part. Sophia was really gorgeous, 
Love it!. I did this video faithfully for 4 weeks, until my pregnant belly wouldn t let me do push-ups anymore, but my arms improved so much it really was 
Duh? Communism. Did any of you people know that animal farm can be read on 2 fronts? It is not only about animals. It is also a mock of the 
a classic story that s worth your attention. As much as I adored the original version of this film with Albert Finney and Aileen Quinn, I am not the type 
Somber, Subdued And Well-Done Serial Killer Movie. Here s an oddity: a modern-day film about a serial killer that has no fight scenes, nobody seen dying, no car chases and 
You bring me peace in a time of war... Okay, Philadelphia what can be said about it ?When i first seen it... I was moved and it made me think-- 
True love. There are many nice scenes an dialoques in An affair to remember. The screenplay renders perfectly the true love.The story is very romantic.Nicky and Terry met on a 
FAVORITE EPISODE. IT WAS ONE OF MY FAVORITE EPISODES A WAY TO GET BUFFY AND ANGEL TOGETHER WITHOUT CHANGING THE STORYLINE. AND THE CHARACTERS WHERE ABLE TO EXPRESS HOW THEY 
Great Series Entry. Friday the 13th Part 2 is definitely a worthy sequel and a very good debut of the modern monster Jason Voorhees. Even though Jason has yet to 
See How Good A Movie Can Be?. Since the storylines of this fourteen-year-old film must surely be well-known, let me say that The Piano, one of my favorite movies, is 
Love the new download!. I wanted it for my collection, however you can sift through all the youtube stuff and end up with the same video for free if you 
One of my 10 favorite films. There were 96 reviews of Aguirre at the time I wrote this one. Here is mine. Werner Herzog presents a minimalist and completely awe 
Love and Romance. This film is a must for a collector. Brilliant acting by all and the music theme is wonderful. I would recommend this as a chic s flick 
When films knew how to be cool. This film is a cat s cradle of relationships in which some strings touch and others don t. Jeanne Moreau s Florence is 
Newman in a great role. Paul Newman plays a Boston lawyer on the skids with alcohol who takes on a negligence case against two prominent doctors and a hospital run 
A good Idea how Heaven looks Like !. But i don t beleave in re-encarnation..  
Way to Go Amazon! Very cool. Just got done watching the show and it was awesome. Of course I had to download the tool, how else do you get started? 
FBI misses chance. Hey it s really sweet where the fbi girl gets her chance to do that thing with the black guy but come on, really, if the sexes 
The Total Remake of The Private War of Major Benson . Dear Reader,It is true I was in training to be a film-maker of some portent...Yes, I was properly versed 
A Lost Gem from Carpenter. John Carpenter s In the Mouth of Madness is one of his older films and many people have never heard of it. Too bad, really, 
test of time. This movie is still quite fresh and very tense. Stands tall among the current slasher trend  
Tender Mercies. Excellent movie, Mr. Duvall did his own singing in the film an love the song Over you that was played in it.  
The best movie in the world. This was the best movie I have ever seen. But I hated the end, it depressed me for days, because I wanted them to 
My Favorite Episode. I don t have television, haven t for 11 years. When I learned CBS was allowing free viewing over the internet I checked it out and started 
When the past becomes the future... A unique library of old and modern photographs are put under threat when the building they are housed in is suddenly sold. The new 
i so loved this movie so much!. This movie is so comforting to me.Its sweet, funny and def. gives you a message.No matter how green the grass may seem A 
Good Spy Story. If you have ever worked for a government bureaucracy and you keep up with history and current evets, this movie will bear out greater believeability than the 
Informative. Nice little video for my Zen during my long wait at the doctor s office. Confucius overcame many difficulties  
Dated? Sure. Boring? No way!. I watched this with my 6 year old daughter last night. She was into it with her short attention span for the whole film. One 
EARLY KUROSAWA: FORETELLS HIS CINEMATIC TALENT. This early Akira Kurosawa film is outstanding. What captivated me about this early Kurosawa film was the way in which he allows us to 
End of Evangelion is a must... You can do without Death & Rebirth if you own the series. The End of Evangelion is the ending the series, in many ways, 
The Frontier Mentality. I saw this movie last year and came away wondering what all of the praise was for. I enjoyed a lot of it but I kept asking 
Hilarious Cary Grant. This is one of Cary Grant s most hilarious films - and certainly a classic.He is a riot here trying to hold his unstable family together. Arsenic 
I dust my lemon lies with powder pink and sweet. This is an awesome video.If you like The Cure, you will love this video. It is full of classic Cure 
This is one of the saddest, most painful films I ve ever seen. I thought I had it bad on the set of my little student film in college.Whew!Watching this 
Harvey=Hilarious. James Stewart in a roll that is anything but Vertigo. Here Mr. Stewart plays Elwood P. Dowd a likeable fellow who s only problem is his friend Harvey, a 
An entertaining ride. A road movie for the fairer sex, Boys on the Side is helped immeasurably by the performances of Mary-Louise Parker, Drew Barrymore, and Whoopi Goldberg. The latter 
Informative. Nice little video for my Zen during my long wait at the doctor s office. Confucius overcame many difficulties  
Where The Boys Are 1960 . Sister #2: I was about eight years old when the entire family went to see Where the Boys Are. It was so much fun 
Better than 34th Street. I love this movie. Every year there is a 24-hour marathon on the television of this film and my family and I watch it at least 
Classically Funny!. You will love this film. It is like a real life spy V spy! Good movie for a good price  
Missed out in Washington. I missed the last few episodes of this series as I had to travel out of state. Now I have to buy the series to find 
Needs Avatar the last airbender. Okay you guys have amazing, cool, and sweet videos on Amazon. My favorite though is Avatar and I have bought every single episode you have 
Ginger Takes Center Stage DVD Review . In this eighth installment of Fred & Ginger films, Ginger displays her talents not only as a dancer but also as an actress 
Gimmie Shelter - The Stones in their Golden Era. A fantastic behind-the-scenes rockumentary of the Rolling Stones during their peak in the early 70 s. Very highly recommended for any 
Kind of BLUE...Kind of Great...CLASSIC. Dexter Gordon s virtuoso performance as archetypal saxman Dale Turner is a wonder to hear and see.The blood is on the tracks and reeds in 
Didn t know what to expect - very impressed... V for Vendetta was already out on DVD before I finally saw it. My college roommates told me that it was 
 the King of Serials on DVD...VCI Entertainment ~ Jack Armstrong 1947 . VCI Entertainment and Columbia Pictures present Jack Armstrong the All-American Boy 1947 Dolby digitally remastered , adapted 
HG WELLS. This is an amazing service! For only 2 bucks i can watch what i like for the moment. In this case it was HG WELLS. Great biography  
A STRANGE AND QUIRKY DARK COMEDY. First of all, Motorama is not for everyone. Most people view the film negatively. And that s all right, because the film isn t 
Simon and Garfunkel-Central Park. Abeautiful concert in the heart of Manhattan, N.Y. I know beacause I was there. I was employed in New York during the 70 s and 80 
Fragments of a life without story or plot . I m not sure that what is most unique and remarkable about Bresson is his spiritual style, as it is often 
Mr. Zacharias clearly shows the problems of post-modernism. In this book, Ravi Zacharias clearly unfolds the problems post-modernism has with the concept of evil. In an age of increased intellectualism 
YES IT S LONG. But it is very scary! Watch it alone in the dark!!  
Best Disaster FIlm Ever?. The newly released double disc edition of The Towering Inferno , with its enhanced picture and sound, not to mention the additional poignancy of its parallels 
Spicy and fun yet dramtic, too; compelling performances!. This darkly comic yet compelling BDSM-light relationship is blessed with great performances by Maggie Gyllenhaal and James Spader. The script is well-written; 
The Woody Allen Collection - 8 pack. Great collection of early Woody Allen titles. Nicely presented in slip cover box. Great value for money. Can t wait to get started 
A VERY CLEVER AND DARK THRILLER. There have many excellent reviews of this movie, therefore, I would only be going over what so many have already written about this wonderful 
Horizon. This has always been for me the definitive Zenda film. With a great cast of actors, great adventure story and an ill fated romance. What more could one ask 
Downloading is easy. CSI is great and Downloading was very easy. This is my fourth video, and I ve only had problems with one, and Amazon quickly walked me through 
That justice that should be for all !. This film is a true story. It is important for you to know that because some of the facts and reactions seem 
Dreams or nightmares? Madness or sanity?. Let s Scare Jessica to Death is a bona fide cult horror gem -- not a lot of people have seen it, it s 
Just amazing. What to say...it is just amazing...I just can t stop watching this opera once a time. The opera and actors are sublime, you are like surrounded in this 
beautifully done, but doesn t go deep enough. Purely on artistic merit I would award this film an 11 on a scale of ten. Most documentaries dream of achieving this 
Panoramic. Lots of beautiful scenery provides a brilliant backdrop for this hillarious comedy. Chan and Wilson are at their best in this movie and it s hard to imagine a 
Great. This is a very fun show and i enjoy watching it. i bought all the episodes available and they all worked great! its good to pay less to view 
excellent and prompt service. dvd was in perfect condition and even got here before i was expecting it! i will definitely be making more purchases from book maven! thank  
Not Your Typical Movie, and I Mean That in a Good Way. This movie first came out when I was about 11 years old. I remember going into the cinema 
One of Allen s masterpieces. A comedy with a bitter sweet edge, The Purple Rose of Cario has a fairly simple premise. Cecilia Mia Farrow struggles to make ends meet 
Sweet cartoon. Admittedly, this show isn t for everyone. It can be silly sometimes. Still, it has the potential to be very funny, clever, and sweet  
A great series... ...far more complex and feministic than the girls and flapper fashions , would have you believe. Needs to be seen in it s entirity and revived for 
the book is better. The movie is still good. Pretty hard to take a well written book by the likes of John Grisham and bring it all onto the screen. 
For Keeps. This is really one of my favorite Molly Ringwald movies...of course all of them great...this one stands out a lil more ...Its a more serious role of something 
hbo does it again. this was originally aired on hbo and it is just as great as it was then.It is entertaining, smart and educational. This, just like most hbo 
Watch this movie!. I have watched this movie more than just a few time. There is just something about this movie that I like. First of all, I am fascinated 
Still great after all these years... Bob Woodward, one of the real-life heroes in the movie, is still making news while reporting news at The Washington Post. That s amazing. 
I enjoyed the season premeir emensely. I enjoyed this series premier tremendously and am looking forward to watching the rest of the series. Enterprise started before I had my PVR 
Made me snort Mr. Pibbs!!!. Dan Wild Man Cockblockenship made me snort the soda, to be precise. Well, he didn t REALLY make me. He dared me.If it did it, 
An adult film in more ways than one. This is an excellent film about realistic adult relationships and the compromises we have to make to make relationships work. When the 
Mountains eh?. The storyline of the movie is a simple one: two soldiers are captured by people who live in the mountains. The leader of the people of the mountains 
Great quality. There is a good reason you d want to buy this from Amazon. The quality. Sure, you can watch it for free on CBS, but the quality isn 
Maybe the most honest film on addiction ever made!!. I have heard it said many times that no addiction starts out as a physical dependancy; addiction really begins as a 
A classic. In this film the story is told with the vigour and intensity it deserves. The actors performances are outstanding, so that you see and hear something new every 
Move Over Darling. This movie is a light comedy where you can just relax and watch - not to mention have a good laugh  
A Great Mountain Man Movie. Jeremiah Johnson is perhaps the best of the mountain man movies of the 1970 s and remains a highly enjoyable movie. The grandeur of the 
Visual Brain Cartridge. The best visual experience available...and the sound may still be the best part. I ve watched this over 20 times and still find elements new to me. 
Outstanding flick. Motivating too. Brings back the days of going through USMCRD h ll, which was also some of the best days of my life now that I look back. 
Beautifully sad, with echoes of Europa Europa. Greetings, comrades!I have rented this video several times from my public library, and have always enjoyed it. It reminds me of the similarly-themed 
A most delighful movie for Everyone. I possibly watched hundreds of movies, and this one is surely one of the most delighful movies I have ever seen. I watched it 
Way to Go Amazon! Very cool. Just got done watching the show and it was awesome. Of course I had to download the tool, how else do you get started? 
Great. This is a very fun show and i enjoy watching it. i bought all the episodes available and they all worked great! its good to pay less to view 
One of the best documentaries out there. This is a movie that most people can connect with. We all have known a stevie in our lives. You know the angry 
Viva Reform School Girls. I saw this movie back in the 80s,when i was a mere 20 years.Now at 40 and a 15 year old girl later.I picked a copy 
My man Dr Smith is a riot in this episode. Dr Smith and the Robot go hog wild, switching personalities and swapping insults. This is a great episode  
Totally psychotic. Totally psychotic Wedding Dress designer kills his models to find himself , but his horrible wife has her own willpower to wield. Bava s direction parallels the edge 
death: upclose & personal. Wonderful movie - shows death & dying from a personal, up-close perspective. See how oblivious the medical establishment can be!  
Surprisingly moving and rich. This fine film really snuck up on me emotionally, but the superb performances of Jennifer Lopez Sharon and Jim Caviezel Catch are rich, nuanced, and ultimately 
GENIUS. Whether people like him or not, there s no doubting that this man is a musical genius! He started his career as a rock star aiming his music towards 
B-movie Splendor. I would have to say this was a brilliant movie. I was highly entertained from this Mr.Corman and Hill flick. Beautiful women getting roughed up, from the somewhat 
Firefly is worthy of your download!. The cancellation of this short lived but highly acclaimed series is perhaps the biggest mistake made by a network. Ever.Fox executives broadcast the series 
Great DVD. A Christmas classic must-have! I have always seen this movie on regular TV, so to see it on DVD with the original language was fabulous  
Engrossing from the first 30 seconds. Clooney is a marvel. This story was so captivating that I sat on the edge of my seat straining to hear all the dialogue. 
The very best of it s so bad, it s good . Yes, you can come home. When Patty Duke belts out her first song you just know this is 
Highly Suspenseful!. Audrey Hepburn does a fantastic job of portraying a young blind girl caught in a very desperate situation. Great seeing her in a role that is not just 
Not a dull moment in this movie !. I am so glad that Leonard Malton s poor review didn t keep me from purchasing this movie. I loved it. It 
Very good movie. The first time I watched In Good Company I said to myself, eh not good, not bad, just pretty average. A couple reviews reflect that. But ever 
My Favorite Disney Movie. Spoiler Warning - this review might reveal surprises in the movie First off for a frame of reference, I m a 30-year old male and a 
brilliant! - so good you should NOT buy this DVD!. This is a brilliant film by a master filmmaker storyteller. Dark, moody, exciting and FAST! , THX-1138 is an amazing 
Enter the Creepshow!!!!! Tickets Please!!!!!. It is perhaps best to initially take a glance at the comic books that inspired this collection of creepy tales, pulps published throughout the 1940s 
Un box Revisited. This Amazon unbox is not fully developed or has a lot of bugs in it. They should pull it until they get the bugs ironed out. Could 
The white is not only a color; it an anima state!. Kieslowski was the superb artifice of this curious Trilogy; White, Blue and Red deals with a delicate, mature and 
Sentimental favorite. When my daughter was born, a relative and I wound up reminiscing about this album and how much we both loved it growing up. Next thing I knew, 
Glad to find it!!!. I saw this movie a long time ago and couldn t find it anywhere. I was very excited when I finally found it--and for a great 
hilarious and touching very much so. great from start to endglad I got thishas been viewed 8 times on my dvd playeram glad I saw thishilarious and very touching moving 
The perils of disconnection. Suicide Club is truly a Japanese statement. I enjoy Japanese films for the interesting glimpse into a psyche strongly influenced by a world of forced detachment 
very compelling movie. saw this film recently all the way through&the thing that grabs you is the natural way the film is presented in 1970 without compromise or hestiation.strogn writing&acting 
Open a Book and Open a Mind. With enchanting rhyme and whimsical illustrations, Dr. Suess delivers a children s book with lots to consider. The butter side up Yooks and 
There ve always been people from good and bad families. They haven t made any films like this in decades, anywhere in the world. From a time when the word 
Logan s Run. I have always loved this movie but it was very hard to find. It is such a relief to have a place to find rare movies in 
cat s eye. Very good!Very happy to find it in DVD since I could not get it in VHS Tape,which is better at the en  
great update from a classic prison flick. This film, was actually a remake of the film Caged starring Eleanor Parker and Agnes Moorehead, made in the 50 s. This film 
Baseball fans will enjoy this one. The Curse of the Grebes is sort of a tribute to the Red Sox return to World Series glory with cameos by Damon, Timlin 
movie purchase. thanks for the movie, i appreciate it. the delivery was decent, no complaints  
good movie. I watched this movie not knowing all that much about about the whole Mothman phenomenon, so fortunately wasn t in a position to have my expectations dashed. I 
Great movie, but this DVD needs to be dressed up a bit more. First of all, I m reviewing the DVD product and not the movie.This is one of those 
enticing sexy dip into film noir waters. The Lady from Shanghi s reputation is secure as a classic of film noir but then this genre is notoriously disrespected probably because 
The best of all movies about Jesus so far. This was an experience rather than just a great movie for me....I have very often wished I were There at that 
PEANUTS FOREVER. This is so fantastic words really can t describe,I have to sayafter buying this from AMAZON I had to buy another,than another.Now I am waiting for Paramount to 
Bad Movies Don t Get Any Better Than This!. Phil Tucker s magnum opus, Robot Monster , ranks among the best bad movies ever made.The plot is incoherent, the acting 
u ll never look at your teacher the same way again.... i m still in high school nn all i can say is- this movie definitely made me think twice 
 I need to be a hero. . As this wonderful movie opens, we enter the world of Eve s Bayou, the Louisiana home of ten-year old Eve Jurnee Smollett 
Not a classic, but I like this movie. I happen to like all of the main actors in this film: Ally Sheedy, Phoebe Cates, Virginia Madsen and Treet Williams. If 
TMNT II - Secret of the Ooze DVD . I ve loved the Ninja Turtles since I was old enough to watch TV, so I automatically love anything to do 
Saving Grace is worth saving. This is a delightful film. A very funny British comedy. Craig Ferguson, who wrote the script and co-stars, is one very creative guy. If you 
Fascinating. Discovered this gem courtesy of a science museum. We watch this as a family. Beautiful cinematography! I get a kick out of the subtitles being used for information on 
A Classic From the 1940s. This movie is an excellent buy for those who enjoy classics of the 1930s - 40s. I especially enjoyed Richard Widmark s performance in his 
It s no Forrest Gump but just as realistic. Hey - if your not too caught up in the original Dumb & Dumber andthe We can t laugh unless we 
Superb Movie. I bought this DVD for research purposes. I will be performing in Promises, Promises the musical based on The Apartment . I am so glad I bought this 
worth watching again and again. Rose Red is one of those movies that stays with you long after it s over. Don t let the length of the movie almost 
Brilliant satire. Proof once again that the Brits make the best films. This film would never be made in America. Its blend of social satire, comedy, political comment, and underlying 
Zombos Closet Review. Tobe Hooper, who recently did the unsettling Dance of the Dead episode for Masters of Horror on Showtime, as well as the family classic, Texas Chain Saw 
Exceptionally well made. This movie requires patience. There is no gripping storyline that edges you out of your seat. There are no profound messages weaved into the dialogues.But once you 
Did I Ever Tell You How Lucky You Are. This was, by far, my favorite book growing up. I loved trying to figure out how to say the strange words 
Despite the inclusion of Tom Green... It was pretty damn funny!This movie was recommended by my good friend, Bobby Asslong. In most cases his recommendations are a bunch of [...], 
Refined but difficult. Rating and reviewing movies like these are often difficult for the average critic. On one hand, they re done absolutely brilliantly done in ways that take one 
OH YEA!. OH YEA, WATCH THIS MOVIE!I can describe this movie with just 2 words:FUN-NY!!!!  
Beastmaster special edition . This is a must for purchasing dvds! This is one movie that should be on dvd and still in the market! This special edition different from 
This movie Just demonstaits Tim roths amazing abilitys. This was a great movie. Not only was it full of history and twists. I watched Hoodlem a day before and to 
Absorbing . . . Biopics, as a rule, so oversimplify and sentimentalize their subjects that it s rare to find one that presents a plausible picture of a life actually 
Girls Just Wanna Have ADVENTURE!. Breaking the mold of typical chick flicks, The Descent features a group of young women who seek their good times in the most unlikely of 
By far Michael Apted s masterpiece!. Above the incandescent and vivid performance of Sigourney Weaver, the primatologist, whose overwhelming devotion to the once nearly extinct mountain gorillas of Central Africa 
One of the better Stephen King adaptions. This is somewhat of an important horror film, atleast for me, that has been forgotten or maligned over time. When it came out, 
Worth Waiting For. I had heard of The Shop on Main Street years ago but never had the chance to see it until tonight. I even bought and read the 
This video is just terrific!!!. This stretching video is amazing. It has helped me so much. I do it several times a week and I am so much more flexible 
Inspiring, Compelling, and Highly Watchable Military Drama. This one s been sitting in my collection for a while and I finally popped it in and watched it. I m glad 
Gripping Family Drama. Gino Monetti Edward G. Robinson is the toast of his enclave in Depression era New York. He runs a loan company that doles out cash to customers 
Subversive comedy that probably won t appeal to the hoi polloi. So what s wrong with this movie? Why are all of these people on Amazon say it s boring 
ha ha ha great movie!!! ha ha ha!!!. greatly funny!!!a must get!!!hillarious!!!wow and a ha ha!!!i recomend this movie to all who love rock and to all who love comedy...and 
The Doublest Crosser of Them All. This spellbinding 1946 B&W flick, set in California, pits sultry Lana Turner against John Garfield in a neverending love-hate relationship, which ironically parallels the 
 Heathcliff, do come to me. . To me, Heathcliff is one of the most complex and compelling characters ever written and I had once thought that any actor would 
 Random events and dreams become one woman s key... This movie is so much more than what seems to be on the surface.What appears to be a senseless act 
The Lost World the best since the original. This is the best movie based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle s book The Lost World. I ve seen all the other 
Love Atlantis. I think this was a great spin off from stargate sg-1 which was starting to get stale even though I love watching it still.Love being able to download 
Underrated romantic comedy. Prince s 1986 romantic comedy Under the Cherry Moon finally received the DVD treatment it deserved in the Summer of 2004. When the film was released, it 
Baseball fans will enjoy this one. The Curse of the Grebes is sort of a tribute to the Red Sox return to World Series glory with cameos by Damon, Timlin 
The Hunger ~ Catherine Deneuve. I have been looking for this vampire movie for awhile. I love this movie and am glad I found it  
Highly amusing nautical comedy. I had been told that this screwball naval comedy included every submarine film cliche known to man, and noted that it had not been a particularly 
Differences between R rated and rated version. Regarding the above title, there was very little difference between the 2 versions on this edition of the Dvd. There seems little point 
How fun was the 70 s?. Fun movie, some of the bits run a little long, but overall entertaining.  
An Outstanding Movie. This 1993 movie, based on Michael Shaara s book The Killer Angels, is over four hours long, but it uses that time well to document this critical 
What Your DVD Library Is Missing!. Enter the world of a talented poker player who puts his life savings on the line and makes a run at becoming a pro. 
Nice condtion. I got the DVD on time and it looks as good as described  
HG WELLS. This is an amazing service! For only 2 bucks i can watch what i like for the moment. In this case it was HG WELLS. Great biography  
Season 2. Stargate Atlantis is great. I like the idea of downloading the episodes, but put in all the seasons. Why leave out season 2?  
Un box Revisited. This Amazon unbox is not fully developed or has a lot of bugs in it. They should pull it until they get the bugs ironed out. Could 
It s really a cute movie!. The other evening my husband was watching this movie on television while I was reading a book. He kept getting tickled and every time 
The greatest film on earth about circus. If you are over 50, you will remember the circus of your childhood: clows, animals, trapeze. Cirque du Soleil is polically correct and 
This is the one!. My favorite Peckinpah film. Yeah, you heard me right. This is the one where we can clearly perceive Sam flying of the deep end, and yet 
great narrative. What is remarkable is what a cohesive story this truly comprehensive bio of THB makes. As all documentarians do, Burns clearly had to help along trace out the 
We Were Soldiers. This is an excellent movie if you like war flicks. It made me angry being from the Vietnam generation also. It shows how pointless war is and 
See Bruce Willis Naked!!. Two lovers. One killer. Five suspects. Bruce Willis is a troubled psychiatrist who quits after a patient commits suicide. But when a colleague is murdered, Willis 
Sweet cartoon. Admittedly, this show isn t for everyone. It can be silly sometimes. Still, it has the potential to be very funny, clever, and sweet  
If you loved the movie, you will love this. I really enjoyed most of the cd. I would have liked some other songs to replace 2 of the remixes of 
heart wrenching & heart touching. this is an absolute masterpiece. this film will definitely become permanently etched in your mind after viewing it. it will touch your heart and break 
A Chorus Line. This was a great movie for me because my daughter did this dance routine in a school production 15 years ago and we both wanted to see 
So Scary. Haha, now, all the other reviews say this movie is cheesey, now, maybe its cause i get scared really easily, but this movie just had something about it 
Archangel John. A fantasy in grunge. Travolta is good, Hurt is good, they are all good, and the end product is fun to watch. Not challenging or intellectual but able 
Chaplin has NOT dated!. I couldn t disagree more with the reviewer who bashes Charlie for being dated. Humour doesn t date only the context that surrounds it. This DVD 
A thriller with character and originality. Billy Bob co-wrote and stars in this tightly woven, deeply textured, well-written off-beat thriller about a couple of drug dealers heading from CA to 
Best of the series anyway. Let s go easy and be fair: Caged Heat deserved its rank as the best of the women-in-prison series that marked the glory days of 
Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST!. The Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST drama I have seen ever. Korean, American, doesn t matter! This is better than anything 
Cary Grant Step-Up. More than any other this was the film that made Cary Grant a certifiable star and vindicated his decision to free-lance in Hollywood rather than sign a 
Leonard Maltlin is out to lunch. This one is fun. Yes you should enjoy martial arts. But basically its fun. Especially Rhee s fight at the arena  
Good film, bad DVD. This moody drama piece is for the most part very good. Mickey Rourke is excellent in the title role; a disfigured criminal who gets a shot 
Better than expected from the reviews. I thought the acting in this movie was very well done. The people in the movie seemed very real, not the over done, I 
This Has Been...a Love Story. I finally made my first purchase from Amazon s Unbox Video Downloads just to try the service and am happy to report a solid customer 
After the Fox. I am a huge Peter Sellers fan, and this stands out in some ways as one of his greatest performances. Who else could, as an Englishman, play 
Add-on to review below. Just a note--I can t find as anyone s caught this. The soundtrack for this film is by Benjamin Frankel, a serious British composer whose symphonies 
Did they get revenge on the wrong guy?. Maybe I have this wrong... I ll have to review the footage... but in the final scene at the night club did 
Great for Women s Bible Study. Great study with great discussion opportunities with other women from diverse backgrounds  
A Christmas Must. This movie is now included in my collection of must see at Christmas time DVD s together with the likes of The Vicar of Dilby and Lampoons 
 Live dangerously till the end . A movie more famous for style than substance, though it set the movie world on its head. A third-rate hood in Paris Jean-Paul 
I ve actually never seen the first one............ This movie was pretty good! I m sure the first one was better cuz the first one always is in movies. I 
First Rate!. Where the Sidewalk Ends is a winning film noir detective story. Dana Andrews plays a troubled cop with a reputation for abusing suspects. In fact, he is whacked 
At Last!!. At last this amazing movie will be available on DVD. I thought it wasn t going to happen and I had almost worn out my VHS copy, so 
Hot Wheels - World Race. Great. My two boys one aged 6 and one aged 4 think Hot Wheels acceleracers are the best. We have cars, Tracks, Hyperpods and DVD 
JIMMY DEAN. There are no words to describe this film but that it is Timeless. I first saw this film on AMC classics,or Turner classics back in the 90 s 
DVD is on the Way!!!. Good news Mike Leigh fans, this movie is now scheduled to be released on DVD on September 6, 2005 according to Amazon!!The movie is an 
Boring Plot but Great Characters. I must admitt that this movie is hard to rate. I love the evil witch Belladonna who appears in this movie and I like that 
Dated But Hasn t Lost Its Touch. This is no reflection on the quality of the film, but Sleep With Me loses its edge after ten years. It s full 
This movie is very nice. Thanks to the Tivo 15 off trial, I was able to easily pick a movie while I was away from home and watch it on 
Pink Floyd - Pulse. THIS IS THE BEST OF PINK FLOYD, I JUST KEEP WATCHING IT OVER AND OVER. GREAT DVD  
A few holes in the story, but other than that......... This is by no means a bad film. It s a good look at life for Black southerners in the 
You must see this movie-Deneuve beckons!. They re reshowing this downtown in the West Village, Manhattan, as I write this review.Luckily for us, we can see C. Deneuve in all 
this movie is a classic. i saw this movie for the first time when i was 14 back in 1988and i have loved it ever sense. it s about a 
Alice and Another Woman . These are my favorites Woody Allen s movies.They are so human... with a touch of humor, I just love themWoody knows women as no other 
Visually stunning, beautifully acted. I will admit I am a huge fan of Altman, but I love this film on its own. Visually it is stunning: the photograhy and lighting 
Love and Marriage , Conscience and Intolerance. As far as films go...almost the best movie I have ever seen...well, I am 18, but I suspect it doesn t get any 
The Ghost of Sarah Collins appears... Ghosts dominate this episode of the 1991 series. The ghost of Sarah Collins, Barnabas s little sister, appears to Victoria Winters. The evil spirit 
Very Funny. I saw this on tv and loved it, so i had to buy it  
Peter Sellers is once again excellent. With every new Pink Panther Movie, Peter Sellers performance continues to grow and mature. I ve seen this move at least 7-8 times so 
Very Funny. I saw this on tv and loved it, so i had to buy it  
No one does physical comedy better than Keaton. No one. These were two of the most amazing and creative films I have seen in months. Buster Keaton wrote, directed, acted, 
Love It!. I think I ve watched this movie at least 50 times since getting it! Fun movie! A classic! Cary Grant and Irene Dunne make a great team  
A Classic... I LOVED this movie when it first came out! And come on...what kid didn t make tomatoe and mayo sandwhichs for the next month after watching it? It 
Bite me!. Yes, it s over-the-top! Yes, it s gorey and heretical but this only adds to the movie s drawing power. Both Hugh Grant and Amanda Donohoe are absolutely 
Still scary.... after all these years. No other attempt has been made to date to rework redo this story. I believe with today s special effects, it could be even 
Swashbuckling!. Mutiny on the Bounty is the fictionalized tale of an actual event whose repercussions are felt to this day. Captain Bligh is charged with sailing the Bounty to Tahiti 
A forgotten and overlooked dramatic gem. I picked up A Prayer for the Dying on a whime one day. I have always liked Mickey Rourke and I think he is 
Corny movie but a classic of sorts. Jewish boy rabbi Gene Wilder who can t make it in Poland home gets sent to San Francisco where the new Jewish congregation 
My favorite Van Damme movie. Anyone who gave this movie a 1 star rating needs to go find a really high cliff to go jump off of. This is actually 
Lack of love demonstration. This is a great film with a great cast and very well directed. The core of the story is the lack of love demonstration by the 
the storey is far fetched enough to hold your interest. No, Ben Hur this isn t... but for the length of the movie, you are entertained by situational comedy and 
Buy This Movie!. The best Annie movie ever! Alicia Morton Shines as Annie! It tells the real story, based on the book by Thomas Meehan. This Annie is the one 
The Life of Birds DVD. It is the best nature documentary I have ever seen. I have never before witnessed such amazing animal behavior and I was raised on public 
My favorite. This was my favorite episode as a kid. I was so happy to see I could download it to watch with my kids  
Entertaining Horror Anthology. This is one of a series of horror anthology movies released by Amicus Studios in the early 70 s. i.e. Tales From the Crypt , The House 
WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE ?. This is the best Van Damme film ever minus the Van Damme as the leader of a group of street children ... too 
A must for Cary Grant Fans. This is a great comedy and a must for Grant Fans. Cary Grant as the commander of a very peculiar submarine sailing thru the 
Fever Pitch. This movie is pretty good if you like British films which I do. Colin Firth does a great job at playing the crazed Arsenal football fan, and I 
Throne of Blood.... I was enormously fascinated by the film The Throne of Blood we just watched as part of our pre-AP English course in Nagoya International School, Japan. The 
Nice Story Even For Non-Jazz Fans. This is jazz-fan s delight: tons of jazz, featuring tenor saxophone with some bebop thrown in. Most of the music is nice mellow stuff 
A New Meaning to Coming Out!. This French film is one of the funniest movies ever, with great writing and a cast of huge talents.It all begins in a condom 
A Schoolhouse Rock Testimonial. When I was in third grade I never could get my times tables down pat- the sevens and twelves proved especially tricky. So my mom checked 
Great movie, good dubbing job, totally worth it. Movie: I finally got around watching one of Asian cinema s finest classics, Ringo Lam s City on Fire. I must say 
Great Sci-fi flick!. In the future, there is a special adult themepark called Delos which has three different area adventure worlds which are Medieval World , West World , and 
best horror movie i ve seen in a LONG time. Freddy Krueger Robert Englund is been dead for years in the Real World and the Dream World. Since Freddy is 
highly recommended. This movie has everything we expect in a Jackie Chan flick, including plenty of bad guys for Jackie to fight some are clearly great martial artists themselves, not 
Defines black humor. This is a witty, morbidly funny movie. It s weak in spots, andthe occult &quot;magician&quot; comments in Michael Caine s voice-over narration is perhaps a little misplaced. 
Mouse that Roared DVD. It s still one of the funniest movies ever made; I can t believe it s still topical after all these years but politics never changes 
Combat War Movie. It was interesting seeing Henry Fonda in Immortal Sergeant. He was young when he played the part of this combat soldier in this movie. I know years 
MGM IS ! YEARS BEHIND. Why does it take MGM so long to put its movies on DVD? The last release of this movie is 1995! Get with the new 
Oldies but goodies!!. Absolutely loved it !! I love any movie with Judy Garland in it  
Absolutely Hysterical Yet Refreshing and Sweet. This is a fall-off- the-couch funny film, and one you might as well buy, because you are going to watch it again and again 
Slapstick wisdom. After finally catching Mon Oncle long on my list of movies I m supposed to see , it s clear to me that there s no one who 
...When I was very small... This episode of Star Trek, The Man Trap is my earliest memory of what would become a lifelong enjoyment of the franchise. Truthfully, The Man 
God help me... I WORK WITH PEOPLE JUST LIKE THIS!!. This movie is just plain hilarious. If you have ever known people who fancy themselves members of the creative elite 
Very Touching Movie about Tolerance. This movie should be used in schools to teach about tolerance. I don t understand why it is R-Rated. As far as I know, it 
Real people. Human drama and feelings, disregard for stereotypes, great photography, action with reaction and great lesson in self acceptance is but a few of the elements that makes this 
very beautiful movie. Was very moved by this movie. Amazing actors and beautiful script. Simply marvellous. You wont regret seeing this awesome movie  
Great concert film. Be sure to catch the Alternate views on Disk 2. The view from the control booth with the director losing his mind, in a good way, is 
A Very Sweet British Film. I loved this movie right from the start. Craig Ferguson and Brenda Blethyn are wonderful together, and some of the scenes of little old ladies 
Love Atlantis. I think this was a great spin off from stargate sg-1 which was starting to get stale even though I love watching it still.Love being able to download 
The Search For Shangri-La. This is an excellent documentary of Shangri-La and its elusive transcendental nature  
A Black Comedy Of Espionage And Exquisite Manners; One Of James Mason s Best Films. Picture the results of the Normandy invasion if the Germans had known in advance that 
i love it but i can see why others would hate it. this movie s really good, it s arty, scary, gothic, and to top it off bauhaus is in 
return to Easter Beagle. Go back in time to when you were younger and watched Snoopy on television. It s just that great to see the Charlie Brown gang waiting 
or is it Rosenstern and Guildencrantz?. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie, and it would be an excellent addition to any library where one would find other film adaptations of Shakespeares 
OUTSTANDING IN EVERY ASPECT. This first disc on all editions of this movie on DVD includes a making-of featurette that should more than please the casual fan of the film. 
Fabulous. This film illistrates the human desire for freedom. A man Nivola has fallen in a hole and he needs cash fast. His girfriend Witherspoon goes to the extremes to 
A Tearjerker Plus Much More!. I would give Sarah Plain and Tall 5 stars! It is funny, and it has drama, and a little action, too. It would be good 
WOW!!!. This is a must see by everyone!! This movie had me from the first minute until the very end! Believe me that is unusual!! Forget the actors -- just 
COMPLETELY MIND BLOWING!. I am currently a medical student, hoping to have a future career working specifically with HIV AIDS patients. When I ordered this movie, I was expecting any 
A brilliant film!. This film tells a powerful story, a Crime and Punishment -esque recovery of the soul, except without the ending that Dostoevsky had in his novel. After Neel 
The Bunker. Anthony Hopkins is a fine actor who puts in another good performance. The movie itself is what it is a 1980 s TV drama about insane people in 
Stolen Dignity. In Italy s classic movie, `The Bicycle Thief, sociology and story come together as one for post World War II Italians. Convincing and with heart, we experience the 
Awesome Pirate Movie. Great performances highlight this exciting tongue-in-cheek adventure!Robert Shaw and James Earl Jones are wonderful, as is a fine supporting cast of character actors.Of special note is the 
Received the DVD on time and new as specified. Received the DVD on time and new as specified. Thank yo  
Thoughtful 70 s Sci Fi. Logan s Run belongs to a class of old school science fiction films which were popular in the early and mid-1970 s, prior to the 
Two great actors in a great movie. Boys Town stars two of the greatest actors of the golden era of Hollywood, Mickey Rooney and Spencer Tracy, and their parts in 
Generational Gap meets Frankie. A long-time personal favorite that slipped into the 80 s under the radar, My Bodyguard on recent viewing gains inpact with each viewing. Relatively unknowns Chris 
Most Underrated Christmas Movie. Whether it was because of a low budget or lack of major Hollywood star power, the writing and acting in this movie is phenominal and really 
This movie helped change my life - hope, and a vision for recovery. I knew I had a problem. I finally watched this movie. I had heard about this movie 
Is he nuts or?. Brenna plays a grandfather that is accused of not having all his marbles.HIs g-kids try to help him out. A great Disney presentation. Superb movie worth 
Great Children s Book. It s a lovely story about Horton the elephant who saves a tiny planet that lives in a speck of dust. Very cute story.  
Timeless Classic. All the great reviews written previously say it all - Anne of Green Gables the movie is a timeless classic of the classic novel. I ve been watching 
My Favorite Episode. I don t have television, haven t for 11 years. When I learned CBS was allowing free viewing over the internet I checked it out and started 
The Bishop s Wife. It is a delightful movie. It is one of the few movies that has harmless entertainment. The performances are exceptional. A wholesome family movie  
Worth Waiting For. I had heard of The Shop on Main Street years ago but never had the chance to see it until tonight. I even bought and read the 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
Down from the Mountain. This is an excellent film showcasing the history and stars of todays bluegrass music. My entire family enjoys watching this concert documentary over and over again 
Decent teen flick!. Brittany is a senior in Pacific Vista High school, and she has high hopes for the oncoming year as captain of the cheerleading team. But all that 
Another good CSI:NY. Though CSI:NY is most least favorite of the three CSIs, they still manage to make a good one sometimes. This is one of those good ones  
Noir with Cowboy Boots. Western noir, and it s pretty good. Angular, shadowy black and white photography by James Wong Howe , the story told in flashbacks and flashbacks within 
Smart Thriller. This movie is well worth your money and time. The leads, Redford and Dunnaway, have excellent chemistry. The script is taut and well written. The tension will keep 
Logan s Run. I have always loved this movie but it was very hard to find. It is such a relief to have a place to find rare movies in 
Another great Western from TNT and Tom Selleck. This is the second of three outstanding Westerns that Tom Selleck filmed for TNT between 1997 and 2003. Selleck revisited his early 
Everyone is human. This episode is a bit different than the others I have seen, although I have not yet seen all of season 2 yet. Without giving anything away, 
Good cast Great film. This is one of the better films of this genre. Picture quality and sound are excellent  
A Beautiful Stone. Merideth is meeting the in-laws...Her boyfriend Everitt is taking her home for Christmas. This ll be fun, right? Not exactly, well, not for her. Merideth is uptight 
City of Lost Children. Though canny at times, this movie is an excellent example of french cinematography in the fantasy sci-fi realm. The story has twists and turns with unforgetable 
A movie for those lazy nights cuddled together with a loved one... I.Q. is a pleasant romantic comedy with a twist - the uncle of the young woman the story 
Original, funny, and at times scary, a new take on horror. I was pleasently surprised by this movie when I saw it on the bigscreen, and now I m happy 
In depth look. I m no fan of football, but I like Go Tigers! It s a look at football in small town America. It s both nice and scary 
Greatest injustice since Sacco and Vanzetti. The question at hand in the film Paradise Lost is not as much did these three teenagers commit this heinous act, but rather was 
Mysterious, deviant kinf of...but a MUST see!. This is the only chance you can see Catherine Deneuve breast! What more can I say?Also Guillaume Depardieu is such a dude! He 
Death Penalty. This film affirmed my postition on the death penalty. It is unequaly applied. People without money are often convicted wrongly. Read the book by Sr. Prejean. pax, robbi 
One Of The Best Sitcoms On TV. &quot;All In The Family&quot; Is 1 Of The Best Sitcoms Ever. On This Cassatte It Has Lional From The Spinoff &quot;The Jeffersons&quot;. Archie 
Wo can resist a movie with Bette?. I love this movie. It is such great escapism!They all play good roles and although not the most refined screenplay ever written, it 
Simply an enjoyable show. This isn t the type of movie that will make you reflect and question your life s ambitions, it s designed to make you laugh. I 
...When I was very small... This episode of Star Trek, The Man Trap is my earliest memory of what would become a lifelong enjoyment of the franchise. Truthfully, The Man 
Aerial Gunner. Although dated by today s standards Holy Christopher! , the movie gives an accurate account of aerial gunnery training in WWII. For the first hour of the 90 
Elisabeth Filarski.. MY Soul Survivor. elisabeth filarski kicked ass!.. oh, who evers bought it.. has it got alot of elisabeth? anyway.. i hope it works on australian dvds.. or else 
Horrific And Awesome Action Movie With Heart And Rage. Years before moviemakers really starting getting comic book adaptations right with films like Spider-Man and Batman Begins came Darkman , a 
funny movie. Pretty funny movie. It was odd to see Adam West not in his Batman role.  
The spoiled princess s of Manhattan. Uptown Girls starring Brittany Murphy and Dakota Fanning is quite delightful about a rich girl Murphy who loses her inheritance and must become one 
i keep telling people to see this film. I keep telling folks to watch this film. Their eyes roll. They get this, Isn t he pitiful? look on their faces. 
Incredibly sexy movie with AAAAAWESOME 80s soundtrack!. This is one my absolutely favorite 80s movies. If you love 80s music, then this is for you - one of the best 
Great, African Martial Arts, Great. Before I give my review, I would just like to inform people that Capoeria is African, not Brazilian. The slaves started this art back in 
Another adventure with Cleo,T-Bone, and Clifford. This a great movie for all ages.I am 9 years old and I love this movie.In this movie,their is a group called Larry s 
Great yoga!. I would recommend the Crunch-Fat Burning Yoga DVD for anyone - whether it s your first yoga attempt or you are at a higher level of yoga. It 
Shattering. This film is slick and shattering with an underbelly of sobbering disatisfaction. Christie is pognient. Harvey is cool with cracks of vulnerability that informs the emptiness of his life. 
So far so good. I ordered this about 2-3 weeks before Christmas. The delivery of this item was very prompt which I was impressed with. The packaging was really good, 
God bless Miramax for finally bringing this out!. Charming, poignant, breath-taking, quick. Beautifully spoken, with excellent costuming  
 I got everything by talking fast in a world that goes for talking. And ended up with exactly nothing. . Fallen Angel is the second film that director Otto 
Camille Claudel the movie. Great Artsy passionate story of the lady behind Rodin, an equally good sculptor, who positively influenced the art and productiviity of one of the world s 
SATISFYING NOIR MELODRAMA.... Dopwn-on-his-luck drifter Dana Andrews falls hard for sexy small town diner waitress Linda Darnell. Hard enough to marry and fleece local rich spinster Alice Faye. But as 
easily, one of the best performances,best films,don t resist. it s been a long time, since i ve bothered to write a review, seems these days, movies are all so, 
Great Nostalgia Trip!!. I was 7 when I watched these shows. Great memories. And Soupy Sales is an added bonus!! Just amazing how things have changed...Not sure if this set 
...When I was very small... This episode of Star Trek, The Man Trap is my earliest memory of what would become a lifelong enjoyment of the franchise. Truthfully, The Man 
Made us ALL laugh. Wonderful vehicle enjoyed by everyone in our household. Allowed my boys to see that even with ineptness and bungling, the underdog can win, and you don 
A beautiful film that pulls at the heart strings!. I m an avid reader, always have been, but I ve felt kind of burned out of reading as of late, 
Science Gone Awry Creates Horror on VHS. This film is a good example of the classic science fiction theme of the 1950s. Man through his science takes experimentation of his 
Very Inspirational. I loved the portrayal of a tough honest lawman who also showed a deep understanding of human nature. He was also a very warm family man. The way 
Visitatori. There are four kinds of sci-fi: 1 People go to the stars Star Trek etc 2 Aliens come to earth V etc 3 Aliens interact with other aliens Dune 
Movies. My husband liked this movie so much he said he had to have it if ever came out on DVD. He likes Sidney Poltler. Good additon to collectio  
Usher rocks!!!. Vincent Price at his best!!! I was amazed at his interpretation of Usher. It was very much like the hyper sensitive fellow of Poe s tale!!! The ending 
Star Trek At Its Best. Shore Leave is one of the best episodesof the classic series. It uses all thesci fi props but also has a great story,if you don 
Slow Paced Slice of 1970s Americana. The Ice Storm is a startling look at 1973 America and how lost so many people parents, children, neighbors, etc. became during this transitional 
I Thought You Were Dead. Snake Plissken rules in this John Carpenter Kurt Russel.Escape from New York has great action and subtle jokes.John Carpenter fans like I should see it. 
One I want to own and watch over and over.... It would never win an Oscar. Who cares?? A fun, spooky movie, kind of campy and fun. A great rainy-night 
BY THE LIGHT OF THE SILVERY MOON. THIS IS PURE CLEAN FUN, IT IS CUTE AND DORIS DAY AND GORDON MACRAE MAKE A CUTE PAIR. IT IS A GREAT FAMILY 
Van Damme still has it. This film, though not a hit, proved to people that Van Damme was back in shape and could still the Van Damme thing, which is 
Movie review for Sherlock, Jr. Sherlock, Jr. is fabulously inventive and exellently crafted. Considering when it was made, middle 1920 s, it has marvelous special effects. I found it immensely 
You Will Love This Movie. The summer I killed my father, I was 10 years old... With those opening words, the film sets its mood from the very first second 
Very good drama of the Gulf War. This British made-for-TV movie tells the story of an 8-man SAS unit inserted deep behind enemy lines during the first gulf war and 
If this affected you, DO SOMETHING!!. Seriously guys... if this film says ANYTHING to you, then it is your DUTY to do something... these young men were WRONGFULLY imprisoned.... Im 
If you have to listen to folk music, let it be this. I m delighted to see there aren t a string of 1 star reviews from people who don 
Hiding Out Is Delightful Despite Lack Of Praise. I can t say enough about this movie. It s clearly, one of the most underated movies of the 80 s. And 
Megalodon. I believe that MEGALODON is actually as close to real as any movie I ve seen about this prehistoric shark. Only Spielberg could do it better  
Informative. Nice little video for my Zen during my long wait at the doctor s office. Confucius overcame many difficulties  
Great classic for a great price. With a cable modem, took about 1 hour and 15 minutes to download Unbox, install the program and download the episode. It s a 
Excellent!. This film has fascinated me since I was a small child, and stil does without fail. The music is wonderful also. Everyone who wants or needs something to boost 
Beam me back down, Kara. It s good down here too. [:- . Kara, the Alien, still looks GOOD! As do ALL the ladies in FEMALIEN 2... The search for 
Watch it now!!! : . To be perfectly honest, the only reason I watched this movie was for Dean Cain, but I was delightfully surprised at how amazing it was!!! 
the best. I am very glad with my purchase. Fast delivery and very security package.Nanc  
It is worth watching the second time... This film is soothing in its beauty, its irony, its eternal understanding and acceptance of human behaviour in all its forms... I have 
Careful, no subs or close captioned!. Contrary to what the box and description here says this disc has NO subtitles or closed captions or whatever. The R2 neither.So again, don 
Kickboxer Goes On Without Van Damme For The Better. Kickboxer 2 The Road Back Deals With David Sloan. The brother of Kurt &amp; Eric Sloan David is running his brothers 
Last Stand at Saber River. The movie was excellent and is typical of a Tom Selleck Western. It s to bad he is type-cast as Magnum PI, because he is 
This show is the funniest thing on TV right now. I ve never watched any shows regularly on FX until this year, when I happened to catch a double episode 
One of the top ten films ever made. This movie tugs at your heart strings in a completely honest way. The movie does not patronise or make pathetic the boy 
...When I was very small... This episode of Star Trek, The Man Trap is my earliest memory of what would become a lifelong enjoyment of the franchise. Truthfully, The Man 
The Sacketts a family western. Tom Selleck and Sam Elliott in the same movie, both great actors and they were superb in this movie, if you like westerns this is 
Adorable and Fun. This is such an adorable and fun piece of literature. Austen s language is filled with eloquent and ironic humor following the life of Emma Woodhouse and 
Terrific for any school art department to show!. I m an art teacher at a middle school. I show &quot;Michelangelo&quot; every year to my 7th graders as they study the 
Gary Cooper: The symbol of integrity!,. For many, Gary Cooper was the Westerner par excellence--cool, taciturn, courageous and just; skilled with a gun but slow to use it; gentlemanly, generous 
Awesome. I really like the pokemon movies and I was not dissapointed with this one. I have watched it about 7 times over the past several years. Team Rocket never 
doppelganger. its really a very nice movie and i want a sneak preview of i  
Chinese extras menu?!?!?!?. Hey, the extras disc has menus in Chinese..they still work, and you can view all the stuff, but you have to guess at what each menu option 
Way to Go Amazon! Very cool. Just got done watching the show and it was awesome. Of course I had to download the tool, how else do you get started? 
A simple plan, a twisted movie. Two brothers and a friend stumble across a crashed airplane full of cash 4.4 million dollars, to be precise in the snowy woods. Our 
Funny,Funny,Funny. Even though this is about 4 years old, it is extremely halarious. I ve been waiting to see a good stand up comedy. The first 15 min is just 
This is their best picture together. With Fred and Ginger joined by George and Ira... This is their best picture together.We begin in Paris, where Fred is Petrov the Russian 
John Candy s first starring Hollywood role is a very good one. On TV all the time now, didn t need to be cropped much!. Along with Planes, Trains and 
One of the best. If you are an INXS fan, this is a must have...epecially since the videos on it were rarely seen on MTV, epecially the video for &quot;Taste 
Mutiny Of The Truth. Oh for the good old days when you could take a historical event and change it willy nilly in order to suit the story you want 
Decidely Nasty Insects with Funny Shoes... A nasty disease is ravaging the children of Manhattan. The only way to combat it anyone can think of it is to eradicate the 
Better than 34th Street. I love this movie. Every year there is a 24-hour marathon on the television of this film and my family and I watch it at least 
What s So Special About Mary s House??. This movie is based on the story The Adventure of the Three Gables 1926 written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 1859 to 
Fine Film. I bought this DVD The Case for Conspiracy by Robert Groden and it really is good. You owe it to yourself to take a look at this DVD, 
Golf My Way. Although written in 1974, book very helpful with the basics of golf while excluding most of the confusing techical aspects put forth today. Main reason I bought 
unexpected. Going into this movie, I expected alot of bs. Especially noting that the two lead characters were rappers; I must give alot of props to Ja Rule, he actually 
Moore s best film, before he became a political celebrity... I really liked this film. Before Michael Moore became a liberal celebrity, he was a completely obscure magazine writer and 
beautifully done, but doesn t go deep enough. Purely on artistic merit I would award this film an 11 on a scale of ten. Most documentaries dream of achieving this 
for a lost soldier. I must say that i really enjoyed the movie and all, there could have been a little more nudity but other wise a great movie. Have 
Post World War II Comes To Life MGM Style. One of the most familiar images of an MGM musical would be Gene Kelly, Frank Sinatra, and Jules Munshin dressed as 
MAY I GIVE IT 10 STARS?. I LOVED HARVEY FROM THE MOMENT I SAW TORCH SONG ON SCREEN. I VE BEEN A FAN OF HONESTY, SINCEREITY AND COURAGE AND DOWNRIGHT 
It s FINALLY on DVD!. I absolutely love this movie. When I was in high school, a bunch of us went to see it yeah, I m dating myself aren 
Best upper body workout. I have been an avid exerciser for about 18 years - it s routine for me. During that time I have viewed a lot of exercise 
Bruce vs. the wretched serial killer. Bruce Willis would not be the first actor to bag on their own work. Some people might take the fact that an actor bags 
Hmm, I think we could use a Colossus. This is a fine movie and enjoyable inspite of it being in the TV fomat I wish it was released in it 
A must-have for animators!. Every time I teach a class on character animation, I refer students to this film - it has incredible character reference throughout, especially Hans Conreid. If 
mi vida loca dvd. i placed two orders from this same seller for the same dvd and both came in very quickly in excellent condition there were no problems with 
Classic Eastwood western with Hawai i Five-0 influence from Prodcr. Len Freeman and actor James MacArthur. Not your average garden variety revenge-Western either. Eastwood did act WELL inhere, not just 
Classic, Heroic Propaganda. There is good propaganda, and bad. Alexander Nevsky obviously falls into the former category. So much about this film seems prophetic. Done in 1938, the former Soviet 
Fun Moving with Lots of Senseless Action!!!. This movie is one sequence after another set-up for one reason, to display the martial arts of Mark Dacascos. The plot, lame, the 
Bigger, and better than ever before! GO NINJA GO NINJA GO!!!!. Yes, it s corny. But this is early 90s. Everything back then was cool at the time, but corny 
Season 2. Stargate Atlantis is great. I like the idea of downloading the episodes, but put in all the seasons. Why leave out season 2?  
Too Many Laughs. I first saw this movie on TV in the mid 60 s. My wife and I laughed and snickered through the whole thing. Then I saw it 
kids love it!. They have the second movie to this one, but love this one just as much!! Was delivered quickly and works perfectly. Thank you!  
what the deal is. I thought this movie was preety good. Fred did a great job with his charater Jefferson Bolt,and the story board was as good as his former 
Long John Silver. In the end, Captain Silver manages to get the captain Flint s pirate treasure. Pirates treasure controlled by Captain Silver and a new legend born. Young Jim 
A Powerful and Romantic Love Story. This is a charming flick about two teenage boys who discover their love for one another after harrowing circumstances land them in the same 
artistporn. i like to watch this film because, it is a good film, especialy for adul  
An entertaining exploration of a fascinating Hollywood personality. This could also have been entitled The Comeback Kid. Though the initial purpose of this documentary on the life and career of 
understanding death?. I was thrilled when I discovered this gem on a cable tv movie channel. I recorded it because I was fairly certain there would not be a second 
Talk about Jason. This item was something that was needed in my collection. It was shipped promptly and it was received in the condition that was described  
A classic Sci-fi film that holds up well over thirty years later. My new year s resolution was to see a bunch of movies I d always intended to see 
LOLITA, LOLITA, LOLITA. One reason to watch this film: Lolita Davidovich. If you don t fall in love with her character and become completely mesmerized by her looks . . 
It s SHOWTIME!!!. That quote And it keeps getting funnier every single time I see it will be put to good use, because that is what you ll say when 
Both innocent and knowing, sweet and elegiac. A Manhattan Mansfield Park: a perfect societal portrait, with not a detail out of place  
Great Performance by Van Damne. I rented this movie on video like 4 years ago,my whole family watched it and we were all pleased.And like a year ago i saw 
A film you have to fully understand evolution to fully get. Having read tons of books and articles on the subject of evolution I understand this film very much. I 
Response to Mr Tamm. I m not making any comments about this film, as it s a long time since I last saw it, but I do want to register 
Doctor Who and the first Download. Doctor who materialised without his Tardis on this, my first timelord download in the amazon unbox, which is much larger on the inside than 
Star Trek At Its Best. Shore Leave is one of the best episodesof the classic series. It uses all thesci fi props but also has a great story,if you don 
BS tells it all. I have watched most of the BS series and this is one that shows what is happening to many of our american organizations. Religious control  
Wow!. In Hell is one of the best JCVD movies from his recent direct to video offerings. In the film, he plays Kyle LeBlanc, a French-American man living and working 
about the movie Sudden death....... This is one of the best fighting action Van damme movie film in his whole series of collection. A recommendation for those whom are interested 
Hilarious with perfect timing. This is the film to watch if you want to learn about timing in comedy. The plot is a farce about a married couple who almost 
A Big Hit for the Elementary School Boys Crowd. We purchased this DVD for our friends son s 7th birthday. He is obsessed with airplanes. He usually fast-forwards movies to 
I love this movie. I am not much of a hockey fan, but after watching this I have had a lot more respect for the sport! This movie is not 
My man Dr Smith is a riot in this episode. Dr Smith and the Robot go hog wild, switching personalities and swapping insults. This is a great episode  
Best 9 11 Documentary Out There. Warning! This is not for children. Seeing death, real destruction, and authority figures unable to cope with what happened on 9 11 is not 
An intense film that is undermined by a lousy ending. Plot Details: This opinion reveals major details about the movie s plot.Dario Argento s Opera was viewed by some as 
A powerful and gritty film. Dancing at the Blue Iguana is a film whose story was developed during a five month improvisational workshop run by director Michael Radford. The story 
Bring it Back!!!. I watched this on television from episode 1, taped those when I couldn t be present and reviewed them all many times. Please, contact the distributor and 
One of the best new Firm videos!. I fully enjoyed this tape from even the first time doing it, which I m usually a little paranoid about. It s one 
Excelent adventure. This is a movie you must see if you like travel adventures movies.All than continues time is supreme!I totally recomend this movie!  
BRILLIANT. This is typically the kind of movie that we would like to watch more often . Everything is well thought and it doesn t try tobe spectacular to get 
An immensely beautiful film, turned into a classic!. Shane is not a Western like Howard Hawk s Red River , nor a meditation on history and character like John Ford 
Great Movie. I Agree with one of the reviews up above about the original korean or China dvd with english subtitles. The subtitles are setup perfectly throughout the movie to 
Brings back childhood dreams of Afica. I love this series, mainly for the memories it brings back. About 15 years ago, when I was around 10, our family would go 
So beautiful. This movie was the most... wait i can t go on. I m still crying. I ve never seen anything like this. The plot was beautiful, and the 
Classic Sport Melodrama. Bollywood loves to churn out action films, but the Indians could learn some lessons from the Jewish-American cartel in Hollywood concerning story construction from this classic sport 
An entertaining murder melodrama!. Dedicated to Hitchcock, whom Truffaut admired so much, it tells us the sordid revenge of a suddenly when leaving behind the church minutes ago, his husband 
Buddist fist. excellent film directed by a genuis Yuen Woo ping one of my top five films that has involved Yuen Woo Ping and Simon Yuen the old man in 
A Comedic Masterpiece With Hoffman At His Best. Dustin Hoffman is, bar none, one of the finest actors in cinema today. Talented, bold, daring and unafraid to take roles that 
This Robin Hood is unforgetable. For years I ve enjoyed watching this movie. I recently joined the Disney Movie Club and picked this movie up for my 3 year old 
ONE OF BAKSHI S BETTER ONES. In anticipation of the upcoming DVD release of Bakshi s Wizards, I ordered several of his other films on DVD. Of the ones I 
Down to earth. Nice easy going flick to watch, cute and corny makes for a great popcorn companion :  
Classic story of good versus evil. .... with a few new twists.I remember reading Tom Tryon s book when it first came out. It was frightful beyond anything else I 
Sumptuous, lavish and impressive. We loved this film. Foremost, it was beautifully filmed, with lavish costumes, sets & scenery. The music is beautiful; I m disappointed that it s not 
Fox has not taste. Once again, Fox has cancelled a brilliant show. While it is occasionally a bit off-color, the dialogue is brilliant, but apparently people couldn t follow the 
Whats love got to do with it. All I can say is, if you are looking for this, this is the best place to get it. I look here for 
A Poignant Masterpiece. There are very few films that have literally brought tears to my eyes. They must be films of uncompromising emotional power. Films like Magnolia, The Passion of 
Strawberry Fields and Mickey Rourke Forever...!. For the longest time, I ve steered clear from this movie because I once overheard my mother say to her friend, Oh my God, 
Underrated romantic comedy. Prince s 1986 romantic comedy Under the Cherry Moon finally received the DVD treatment it deserved in the Summer of 2004. When the film was released, it 
Broadway Smash. I ve watched this Musical so many times and still get a great joy in watching it, it s so breath-taking with the songs, dance s and story 
I m surprised it hasn t melted in the DVD player. Last count was I believe 35 or 40...anyway the kids are officially gooby goobers  
Central American Farce. Give Allen credit. He learned early that sacred cows make the best hamburger. This extremely politically incorrect and extremely funny satire should appall conservatives and delight liberals. 
What a shame. Firefly is imaginative exiting and heartfelt. It is simply the best sci-fi... no scratch that, The best TV I ve scene scince the X Files. The acting 
Last Tango in Paris. Love that era of movies.Acting was grea  
East of Eden Review. The mivie is in fabulous condition...picture and sound clear as a bell.Delighted to have it!Best,Zena Wiene  
A wonderful conclusion. The questions raised by the first chapter are answered. I actually liked this volume better than the first - it s a nailbiter, humorous yet morose, and 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
a time and a place. important film for documenting a great time and place. the music scenes make it worthwhile as well as getting to see basquiat in action and 
good. This is a good movie. I love the Patsy Cline Stpry and I like all the music in i  
How do I play The Royal LIfe ?. I love the movie! I just have one problem. I can t seem to be able to play The Royal Life from 
Rock you like a Hurricane, just like Katrina in New Orleans. It s better than I expected, I thought of this animation movie following the cult hit of the same 
Informative. This was my first download and it was free . The download performed well. The Mystery of Edgar Allan Poe was informative. It ran up to 50 minutes. This 
Inspiring. This is both a book and a movie that you need to interact with. Particularly in a day and age when there is a movement here in Canada to 
Escape From L.A. - Criminally underrated cult classic!. Okay, I ll admit it. John Carpenter s Escape From L.A. is one of my absolute favorite guilty pleasures. Where else can 
Before Lindsay Lohan there was Molly Ringwald. This is a classic teen romantic comedy from 1984. Hard to believe it is now 22 years old as of 2006! Molly Ringwald 
Love the new download!. I wanted it for my collection, however you can sift through all the youtube stuff and end up with the same video for free if you 
Dangreous and Hot. Ivy is the new, crazy girl in school. Sylvie is the lonesome, geeky, rich girl. Once Ivy and Sylvie meet, they become pretty good pals. Sylvie invites 
the subtlety and greatness of Mrs. Miniver . When I watch this film, I feel like I am in Britain during those dramatic months when the RAF was fighting daily 
Why I get straight &quot;A s&quot; in English!. I love this video! My mom bought it for me and my siblings when I was in second grade. I fell in 
COMPLETELY MIND BLOWING!. I am currently a medical student, hoping to have a future career working specifically with HIV AIDS patients. When I ordered this movie, I was expecting any 
An Enduring Classis. We found Tin Men to be visually lush with beautifully photographed Cadillac fins, subtly amusing dialogue, and scenes that flowed naturally. It could be viewed just to 
Triumphant return to Giallo for Argento!. Argento s return to giallo in 1982 after his two supernatural outings SUSPIRIA and INFERNO was triumphant one. By this point Argento was so 
A disturbing classic. This is one of the most underrated science fiction films of all time.On the surface it s a horror movie about a distasteful subject with a lurid 
The best adaptation of Wuthering Heights on film. This film is excellent, not too long and not too short, with the light and mood that would make Emily Bronte proud. 
The mighty Ducks is pretty mighty on my list of top 10 movies. It s Emilio at his best.forget about the breakfast club and young guns, this movie it the 
Excellent idea for the show. This is certainly one of the best Atlantis shows to date. Another one was Common Ground.  
An enjoyable movie!. I came across this name of the movie when I went to a Deaf History tour at University of Iowa library last Feb., otherwise, I wouldn t 
Gong Li shines. Raise the Red Lantern is a Must See Buy . Gong Li is peerless. Raise the Red Lantern is a gripping story of four wives and one 
GREAT CARRIER AND BATTLE ACTION. A REAL GREAT ACTION MOVIE ABOUT THE NAVY AND ITS PLANES AND PILOTS.......NOT ALL FACTUAL BUT STILL A GREAT MOVI  
My kids like it...I can watch it, too. I never remember seeing this as a child. I watched LOTS of television, too. I do enjoy Chuck Jones, and you can 
Ginger s Turn to Shine. While somewhat different than their charming and endearing musical films, this entry from Fred and Ginger is probably my favorite. Fortunately all the great elements 
Star Trek At Its Best. Shore Leave is one of the best episodesof the classic series. It uses all thesci fi props but also has a great story,if you don 
A must see. This is one of the all-time classic propaganda pieces of the war. Here we have the typical American unit made up of boys from Texas, Brooklyn, and 
What a shame. Firefly is imaginative exiting and heartfelt. It is simply the best sci-fi... no scratch that, The best TV I ve scene scince the X Files. The acting 
Twenty Years On, Round Midnight Still Sparkles. When I first saw ROUND MIDNIGHT as a young man, I thought Dale Turner was real jazz musician and wondered what he had 
Outstanding Animated Film. I really love this movie. The closest comparison would be the animated film Heavy Metal, but this film has mellower music. This film combines great storytelling with 
An artful representation of the life of Jesus. This movie is hands down the best narrative of the life of Jesus. It is long, but I am never bored no 
Beautiful Day in Boston. U2 is one of only a handful,if any,band s that have been around for 25 years or more with all original members.And it shows,it s easy 
It deserves 6 stars. An awesome, engaging, powerful movie. I loved it. James Woods was absolutely wonderful. There were many other actors who also gave great performances.I can t comment 
Vegas Rules! Watch and learn!. This is not only a beautiful product, but an informative, dynamic and entertaining look at the greatest city on earth. This program covers the history 
Technical difficulties shadow great DVD. WE have been fans of this movie since it was released on VHS years ago, and were thrilled to find it finally available on DVD. 
Great Story. Great Movie!. I ve never seen the original Time Machine versions before, but I absolutely loved this movie. I am of course a big fan of special effects, 
A Film only Cool People will like. This is another well done thinking man s film starring Tim Roth, who has a great American accent for a Brit. Nerds such 
I love this movie soooooo much. Great movie well done acting i can never get enough of this movie turly wonderfully amazing... romace, action, drama it has it all...Get this 
Wonderful film! - Really a 4 1 2 star. Our household consisting of two forty year-old parents, a fourteen year old girl and a seven year old girl loves this 
magical film. This is a lovely film; happy and sad. Do you believe in magic? Magic becomes reality in this film as it equates to love, friendship, perserverance, and the 
I love old movies!. this is a delightfully fun movie. Goody Two-Shoes and the Filthy Beast is the greatest line ever  
Classically Chilling. This isn t Breakfast at Tiffany s. Neither is it Nightmare on Elm St. But Wait Until Dark, starring Audrey Hepburn, is truly chilling. Hepburn plays a blind 
It delivers the goods with a story and action. WOMEN IN FURY is simply one of the best if not the best women in prison flicks I have seen. WOMEN 
Cubic, cubist, cuban, who knows in this cubicle?. Vincenzo Natali is the worthy descendant of Cronenberg. He invents a model of our psyche in which we are, everyone of us, 
I love the warm-up exercises!. It s been ages since I used this tape. So I forgot how good the warm-up excercises made me feel. But this morning I pulled 
15 minutes of pure genius. This is probably the first film presented like a dream, switching in and out of disturbing sequences and images, the infamous eye slashing scene. Every 
Sentimental favorite. When my daughter was born, a relative and I wound up reminiscing about this album and how much we both loved it growing up. Next thing I knew, 
John Ford Henry Fonda John Wayne Craft Excellent Western. The 1st and best of the calvary trilogy. Fonda plays a small-minded, embittered, rascist, classist, dishonorable, incompentent, pendantic, martinet. Wayne, in 
Informative. Nice little video for my Zen during my long wait at the doctor s office. Confucius overcame many difficulties  
enjoyable, but frankly my dear, id rather be in secaucus. i managed to miss this: one of those generational impact movies, and never caught up to it until now. it 
An International Techno-Thriller. Jack Ryan, the hero of several of Tom Clancy s novels, is back at it in this movie about terrorism and global nuclear war.In 1973, during the 
HOW CAN YOU GO WRONG?. AFTER THE RELEASE OF THE FIRST TICK VIDEO, TWENTIETH CENTURY FOX SENT ME A NOTICE THAT THIS TAPE WAS COMING OUT SOON. AFTER DRIVING THE 
I have only found it here. I am so glad I found this classic for my children. It is a wonderful show, and I am glas I was able to 
bloody brilliant. A wonderful story about you young men that fall in love, once you see it you want to own it, and i did, so i bought it. ive 
The Intersection Of Film, Fact, And Genius - Unforgettable. At its core, this is a film about what happens when a person defies the system, any system. It is the 
Great Movie. I don t know why but I love this movie, I recommend if you haven t seen this movie, have a couple beers and clean your guns while 
Funny and Scary. This has got to be the best Michael J. Fox movie I have ever seen and I love M.J.Fox .This movie has it all, Scares!Laughs! Romance!The Ghost 
a modern classic. While this doesn t come near the genious of It Takes Two, this wonderful movie is certainly a Hamlet of its time. The questions raised, can a 
Has withstood the test of time. I watched this in the theater years ago with my friend L when I was still a young un. Completely blew my mind...I had 
This Has Been...a Love Story. I finally made my first purchase from Amazon s Unbox Video Downloads just to try the service and am happy to report a solid customer 
Jenny Wright and Adrian Pasdar heat up the screen. Put simply, this is the most sensual portrayal of the vampire myth in recent cinematic history, and it does a neat 
it all depends on how you watch it... i was really looking forward to this movie. the hotel is intrigueing, the cast looked amazing, and i m a fan of 
Entertaining and Educational - music education for the very young. My daughter, age 3, can t get enough of this! We checked it out from the library on VHS, but 
one of the best Criterion DVD sets I own. I ve owned the original Criterion version of Seven Samurai. It was nice owning this fantastic movie, especially since it had 
I m Sure It Will Be GOOD!. It s about bloody time this film comes out....I haven t seen this disc yet, but since it is a Criterion issue, then...what 
Only one question. My only question is - When can I buy season 2? This is the perfect medium to continue the most enjoyed show that TV execs killed this 
Captains Courageous. This film is well done and Spencer Tracy shows what a superb actor he was  
An Open Letter To 20th Century Fox. Dear 20CF,Please, please release this film on DVD for the benefit of its many fans. It is long overdue. We ve suffered for 
Tex Avery....on dvd, but NOT in the USA!!!!. Why is it that one of the undisputed grand masters of american animation does NOT have any of his work on dvd 
The Straight Story. Inexpressibly moving story of an old man who is determined to set things right with a brother he has not spoken to in 10 years, while there 
The REAL Jesus. This film reveals a Jesus far different than the serious and detached version one usually sees in other films. In this four hour, word-for-word, account of Matthew 
I really enjoyed watching it. I really enjoyed the Lizzie McGuire movie. It was light and entertaining.But I don t know if I would want my daughter to watch it 
Overlooked but very good.... I had forgotten just how enjoyable this little Audie Murphy Western was until I recently purchased this handsome Universal DVD release. Murphy in this venture is 
One of the best Jason flicks. Out of all the endless and undying Jason films, this is one of the few in the series that actually provides some scares regardless 
First-Rate Mystery Thriller That Floors You With Real Shocks. A group of seemingly unconnected characters become stormstayed at a remote motel, where one by one, they begin to disappear. Sounds 
BEST MOVIE OF THE 90 S. I SAW THIS MOVIE WHEN I WAS 16, AND I LOVED IT SINCE, BECAUSE IT REALLY DOES SCARE YOU AND THE FACT THAT IT 
Better of many older submarine thrillers. I was really impressed by this film and I must congratulate Hollywood for presenting the Soviet war machine in such a realistic way. The 
Helpful for me, but not as much as Young, Fabulous. I recently read Suze Orman s Young, Fabulous, and Broke YFB and found that a very helpful guide on how 
Daniel Boone: Ken Tuck E. It was great fun to watch this with our sons! This was the pilot episode for the series starring Fess Parker. We would like to 
Wag the Dog. Dustin Hoffman presents a master role in the game of creating scenarios so realistic that the entire world becomes his work area. So thorough is his work 
The most romantic movie ever!!!. Somewhere in Time is by far the most transcendant romantic movie I have ever seen. It is old. Christopher Reeve made it before we knew 
Very funny comedy, awful video quality. This was Cary Grant s first screwball comedy, and legend has it that the actor was unsure that he could pull off comedy, and 
intoxicating!. Mr. Placido Domingo is perhaps the most exciting operatic actor-singerof our generation and once again he proves it in this wonderful opera; his three great loves Baltsa, Cotrubas, Serra 
Fan of old Horror Movies. If you can t appreciate a classic horror movie with simple effects, then this is not the movie for you. Otherwise, enjoy!  
SO TOUCHING!. I have to confess that I went to tears watching thIS movie, and usually I don t get emotional easily. It s so touching, a PhD professor of 
An Identity Crisis. Even though the plot device of characters with split personalities or multiple personalities has been done before, Identity is at least clever with it. This is a 
My man Dr Smith is a riot in this episode. Dr Smith and the Robot go hog wild, switching personalities and swapping insults. This is a great episode  
...When I was very small... This episode of Star Trek, The Man Trap is my earliest memory of what would become a lifelong enjoyment of the franchise. Truthfully, The Man 
 Love this movie!. Many people would think I would be messed up in the head, but I saw this movie Black circle boys years ago. I wanted to own 
&quot;In dreams I walk with you&quot;... Somehow I feel that if this film had been even stranger, it may have been more critically popular. Had it not bothered with as 
Jet Li In Action. This is a showcase of Jet Li s brand of martial arts...fast and furious. While this is no Fist Of Legend the movie has enough action 
A film ahead of its time. It s hard to believe this film once had such an awful reputation and was considered extremely politically dangerous. Times have really changed for 
Comic Classic Brought Flawlessly to the Screen. Cold Comfort Farm is a hilarious film that is remarkably faithful to the plot one character does ends up with a different mate 
Thriller. I would agree with several other reviewers that this is a moving and captivating thriller! In the rare case that home invasions occur, they are absolutely frightening. Rourke is 
Soylent Green - Pure Fantasy or Potential Reality. My watching this film resulted from a conversation with a friend beginning with politics and spiraling down to the future of our 
Another entertaining Warner s film from the production line. G Men made in 1935 was a clever response by Warner Brothers to the new Hays Code finally enforced in 1934 
It s Jimmy Carr - Need more be said?!?. Thanks for keeping a Brit sane in a country full of My wife says... jokes.Your wife is fat and ugly and 
The Search For Shangri-La. This is an excellent documentary of Shangri-La and its elusive transcendental nature  
Scantily Clad...and Behind Bars..!. A CLASSIC. Pam Grier is sublime  
PLEASE PUT ON DVD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Girl Happy is the best and personally my favorite Elvis movie around.It s highly recommended and a must see!!Also,dvd distributors should take notice to release this 
Two great actors in a great movie. Boys Town stars two of the greatest actors of the golden era of Hollywood, Mickey Rooney and Spencer Tracy, and their parts in 
No Way Out 1950,. Sidney Poitier`s first movie No way Out, is one of his BEST. This movie needs to be put out on DVD,so everyone can benefit by the 
ageless adventure in exploring one s life if you go with it. first viewed this 20 something years ago. what keeps me returning to it is what i saw as 
very interesting. no matter where you sit on the fence with Tupac Shakur you can t ignore His Importance as a Artist.this Video reveals alot of interesting aspects of Him 
To the reviewer who said ..John Dugan..how the mighty have fallen. . You said, about John Dugan, He s not acting. He currently works as a waiter at T.G.I. Fridays 
i love it but i can see why others would hate it. this movie s really good, it s arty, scary, gothic, and to top it off bauhaus is in 
Mr Kotcheff is a master story teller. Mr Kotcheff, Canadian, is able to cast his objective but sympathetic eye over a range of topics and the humans involved in them, 
Awesome. The story is interesting and the characterare querky. Malone is great. I really enjoyed this different movie. Something that Hollywood couldnt and wouldnt put out  
Doctor Who and the first Download. Doctor who materialised without his Tardis on this, my first timelord download in the amazon unbox, which is much larger on the inside than 
Cute Movie. I like both Cary Grant and Doris Day and I really enjoyed watching That Touch Of Mink and I wish they had made more movies together besides this 
Wonderful Memories. Wonderful cast. Enjoyed seeing the movie that I thought relayed the essence of Christmas past. Loved seeing Cary Grant, Loretta Young and David Niven again  
yes, been, i know... i ve lost the magic. When i first saw this movie, i thought it was fictitious, so i thought it was boring. but then when i 
Over the Edge. a great movie about what can happy with big group of teens without much of pearent guidinc  
Be careful of Family Plans . This film just goes to show that sometimes your family can be your worst enemy. Ms. Carter was an excellent Queen Jane and the 
I love Johnny depp. I love this movie, ifs funny and i can t wait too see number three  
Way to Go Amazon! Very cool. Just got done watching the show and it was awesome. Of course I had to download the tool, how else do you get started? 
Best Men is a wonderfully written production and very unique. This movie was suggested to me and I cannot thank that person enough for doing this. This movie had a 
Review of Stand and Deliver. I received the DVD in a timely manner. The quality of the DVD was good. I have had good service from Amazon. Overall, it was 
The Rise of Star. This is a movie loosely based on 70 s and 80 s porn star John Holmes. In this version, a young man name Eddie Adams is 
 Alright ladies....lets play the name game . Reform School girls is an over the top woman in prison cult classic that is FUN FUN FUN to watch. I watched 
One of the great westerns. This Peckinpah masterwork is a breath of fresh air after the stifling conventions of 1950s western genre. This film is modern in every sense with 
Must-see women s picture . I really miss the genre loosely called women s pictures that combined wonderfully lurid storylines with laugh-inducing Hays Code cleaned-up dialog and major, MAJOR fashion. 
really good. for a really old movie, it was in good shap. Seller got it to me fast  
Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST!. The Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST drama I have seen ever. Korean, American, doesn t matter! This is better than anything 
Great all round film!. I first saw this film in 1999 I loved it.The first thing that grabbed my attention was the 3 brothers and their relationship throughout the film 
Intriguing. I ve watched this movie many times because I m fascinated by the man, especially hoping to get a better understanding of what his life was like. The more 
Such A Fine Movie. Harvey Fierstein s play that won a Tony translates beautifully onto the screen. Even though the movie is only two hours long-- the play was about 
A MUST HAVE!. IF YOUR INTO GANGSTER OR MAFIA MOVIES THIS COLLECTION IS A MUST!I PURCHASED THIS ITEM AS A GIFT TO MY FIANCEE AND HE WAS THRILLED WITH IT. 
GREAT!. I was impressed the very first time I saw this film, and I enjoy watching it every year. A fine cast makes it believeable. The early hours of world 
An archetypal Western mood piece!. My Darling Clementine is easily one of Ford s best Westerns, and quite certainly the best of all the Wyatt Earp films...To most modern audiences, 
Streamlined way to fast toning. This is an excellent tape for people who have been out of the workout zone for a while. There are three levels of workouts - 
Sweet, powerful, and wonderful film. This is one of the sweetest films I have ever seen. It s main character, Frankie Bois, is incredibly endearing. I wanted to give him 
Not The Best But Hardly The Worst Little Film!. The quality of the DVD is first rate. The sound is good the picture quality is really pretty good with no 
Very good movie. Good Boy: Starring Kevin Nealon, Liam Aiken, and Molly Shannon. Animal voices by: Cheech Marin, Matthew Broderick, Delta Burke, Donald Faison, Brittany Murphy, Vanessa Redgrave, and Carl 
Very Depressing Tale. The title of this movie holds no secrets. The Virgin suicides may have its up and downs throughout the movie but the whole time the viewer is 
Claudette Colbert and writer-director Preston Sturges: it doesn t get better. By 1942, screwball comedies had become quite old-fashioned, nevertheless when THE PALM BEACH STORY was released it became one 
It Really is Quite Good. Just another comment that this is a much-better-than-usual made-for-TV movie. Quality acting by Rea.  
A classic!. This movie is a great accompaniment to PBS s recent documentary Watergate Plus: 30 Years later. We watched them back to back as PBS aired them this way 
Welcome to the genre that is John Carpenter . John Carpenter s second feature Assault on Precinct 13 is nothing short of a masterpiece of original flmmaking. Back in the 
Top-Notch Workout for Bones. I m a former gym junkie and lifted weights three times a week for years. I must say that Skeletal Fitness has completely replaced my lifting 
You ve gotta love Jon Stewart!. I like Drew Barrymore, but my reason for renting this movie was Jon Stewart. Jon has a terrific comedic timing, and he shines whenever 
A Look Forward Into The Past. This 1981 film offers an intersting glimpse into what is starting to become commonplace 26 years later. A company is having models obtain plastic 
Less-than-stunning transfer of perennial JD schlock favorite. High School Confidential is one of the quintessential 1950s JD exploitation movies, produced by veteran sleazemeister Albert Zugsmith Touch of Evil, Girls Town, 
Watching the Master at work. Henryk Szeryng, undeservedly less famous these days than Perlman or Zukerman, was for more than 20 years, from the late 50s to the early 80s, 
HORROR,TWISTED,. This movie is not for the weak or for kids. this movie is 200 HORROR.  
Excellent Gift. This is an excellent gift for your favorite sports fan. I purchased this DVD for my husband. He said it was a very good movie  
Too spooky for my taste. The now standard Indiana formula is there and there are a lot of fun parts to this movie. However the bad guys are too bad 
A great tell about LBOs. I really liked this movie. For those who like finance and are aware of the stress that it conveys, Barbarians At The Gate shows the 
J.M. for W.M. I love anything Ravi Zacharias writes. He brings you to the only conclusion possible in whatever spiritual truth he is presenting, and I love this. But greater 
Get &quot;Gun&quot;. I have watched the video of &quot;My New Gun&quot; three times, and each time I have discovered more interesting, telling details. The plot doesn t drive the film; 
Doctor Who and the first Download. Doctor who materialised without his Tardis on this, my first timelord download in the amazon unbox, which is much larger on the inside than 
The Mission. I saw this video years ago but I still remember it as being very exciting and action filled with superb acting. I think it is one of the 
hypnotic. in retalliation the the review thing at the top, since when was the Yam supposed to be a dance craze? when were any of their dances supposed to be 
Uncredited Asian actor. The name of the uncredited Asian actor who plays the fake Mr. Moto is Teru Shimada  
Diet for a new America. Great book, actually the second time i ve bought it and read it.A great eye opener  
Woody s Best except maybe the earlier, funny ones . I have watched this movie probably 50-60 times, and each time I watch it I love it more. I think 
superb film. A Bronx Tale is about a boy named Calegero Anello living in the Bronx who is torn between two worlds, the world of his father played by Robert 
 Uptown Girls is a very enjoyable movie. Uptown Girls focuses on the friendship that develops between Ray an 8 year-old going on 30 and Molly, her nanny, who acts 
Grace, Poise and Class all the way. Audre Hepburns debut. This ismy favorite movie of all time. A romantic comedy whose characters have the highest integrity of any film I 
Electric&amp;Grand. This Video Blows The Mind.this is a GOlden Time in Soul Music.So Many Great Talents.This is What Soul Music Used To Be About Great Talent&amp;Full Of Fantastic Performances  
better than Dreamgirls. I took my daughter to see Dreamgirls and she loved it. I had to bust her bubble!!! And tell her the history about Sparkle Oldschool now she 
A Very Sweet British Film. I loved this movie right from the start. Craig Ferguson and Brenda Blethyn are wonderful together, and some of the scenes of little old ladies 
Indiscreet. What Director Stanley Donen uses excellently here are two gorgeous, sophisticated stars that fit like a glove. He also creates a deliciously elegant atmosphere with colorful, chic sets and 
Gets Better With Time. The first time I saw this film was when it came out in 1986, and at the time I was terribly disappointed. Didn t like the 
Send In The Clowns!. Plot: Three brothers -- Casey Nathan Forrest Winters , Geoffrey Brian McHugh , and Randy Sam Rockwell -- are left on their own when their parents 
Objection, Your Honor. This is the first novel of John Grisham and like the movie, it s very strong in characters and dialogue. At the time he wrote it, there 
If only there were more episodes. Firefly is a fantastic series. My wife and I watched the DVD set from and found ourselves rationing the episodes towards the end, because 
great foreign film. Most people have a hard time adjusting to foreign films because reading subtitles and trying to watch the film is difficult. That s why I love Melville 
 My knees felt like jelly when the film was over . Cube is a very original and entertaining low budget horror film, and will most likely stay with you 
NOTHING CIVIL IN THIS WAR. This movie shows the real life hell that was Andersonville. A prison camp that turned into a death camp. Not enough food,water or shelter for 
Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST!. The Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST drama I have seen ever. Korean, American, doesn t matter! This is better than anything 
Awesome. A must have for anime comedy fans. Being a big fan of anime comedy the intelligent, yet lame humor I was eager to see El Hazard The magnificent world 
This Has Been...a Love Story. I finally made my first purchase from Amazon s Unbox Video Downloads just to try the service and am happy to report a solid customer 
Pretty good movie, but... I have read all of the Alex Cross novels and as great an actor as Morgan Freeman is, he is terribly mis-cast as Alex Cross. Cross 
View and read the book as well. I saw the movie before I read Riefenstahls autobiography. When I watched the movie, I was sure it had been staged. Nothing could 
OBSCURE THEME - BRIGHT FILM. In one of the reviews it s said the movie is severely cut. Hmm... I don t know. I didn t have a chance to 
DVD would be better. I think it would be much better to have DVD version of this remarkable drama  
Reveals the complexity of wants and needs. Not a typical no brainer movie. This movie presents complex people with complex motives. Topher Grace is effective as the successful executive who 
A truly memorable movie. I ve watched numerous movies about the Holocaust, and each one always seems unique. Europa Europa is one such unique movie that stays with you long 
 3.5 stars The Dark Sisters of the warewolf curse, was great, but should ve worked on the ending. This movie was very interesting, but why did the sister kill 
A MOVIE ABOUT AMERICAN HEROES. I have waited since the advent of DVDs for this film to be released. This standout movie essentially tells the story of dedicated, patriotic public 
Fabulous Performances. This is one program I really don t care how historically accurate it is - Katharine Hepburn and Peter O Toole are such a joy to watch.  
 First Blood , crossed with The Fugitive . It s not hard to see how this movie got made.. a director known for gritty streetwise thrillers The French Connection 
A very funny, satirical, and time-capsule look at the 70s. This movie will loose some of it s original appeal and humor in the heightened atmosphere of the polically correctness 
A visually astounding film that works on most levels it attempts. The Cell is a rather difficult film to classify. If you read the plot outline, a psychotherapist journeys inside 
Wow! What a fun movie!. A fun movie all around! Winona Ryder and Ethan Hawke are definately the standout stars! Eventhough it s basically a romance movie it still rocks 
Absolutely fascinating!. I watched this DVD set when I checked it out from the library where I work as a librarian. I found it so fascinating that I bought the 
First-Rate Mystery Thriller That Floors You With Real Shocks. A group of seemingly unconnected characters become stormstayed at a remote motel, where one by one, they begin to disappear. Sounds 
the secert of roan inish. excellent family movie o nudity o profanity all around viewing for all ages  
Docu-underdogs. It s a testament to how powerful this movie is that I didn t care in the slightest about the subject matter, and yet still was very emotionally affected 
Mysterious symbols?. Ok, I understand the male and female symbols used on the movie logo.Those represent the male and female viewpoints of the main two characters.They are the traditional Mars 
Worthwhile. This unusal drama takes the viewer to a place where the dead visit their past life. In this movie Michelle Pfeiffer convincingly plays a ghost that visits her husband 
Superb -- Then and Now. My wife and I watched McCabe and Mrs. Miller tonight, some thirty-four years after the first time. It s all still fresh, the mud and 
Beautiful. Incredible scenery, wonderful depiction of Michner s historic epic. Must for your classic CD collection  
INDEED!. Very,VERY good stuff. I have been a fan of the shall we say.. loud stuff for quite some time.Everybody gets a turn at bat. In the 70 s it 
Great cast, Great script, Great movie. A solid script backed up by a great cast, John Cusack, Ray Liotta, John c. McGinley, Alfred Molina, Amanda Peet and more, are all 
One of the Finest Films Ever Produced. I saw Career Girls when it was released several years ago, and I am buying the video because the film has been re-playing 
The Nun s Story. Audrey Hepburn is one of my favourite movie stars & her portrayal of a nun is wonderful.We are taken into the world behind the convent walls 
FUNNY. THIS MOVIE IS REALLY FUNNY! STEVE MARTIN AND GOLDIE HAWN WORK REALLY WELL 2GETHER. THIS COMEDY KEPT ME INTRESTED FROM BEGINNING TO END. I ENJOYED IT ALOT  
Delightful Sitcom Bears Ozu s Depth and Then Some. Flatulence seems to be an odd way of lending a framework to a film, but leave it to filmmaking master Yasujiro 
Un box Revisited. This Amazon unbox is not fully developed or has a lot of bugs in it. They should pull it until they get the bugs ironed out. Could 
Entertaining camp classic is enjoyable sand and sandals epic... MARIA MONTEZ, JON HALL and SABU made some very entertaining Technicolor sand and sandals epics at Universal and this DVD restoration 
Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST!. The Immortal Yi Soon Shin is the BEST drama I have seen ever. Korean, American, doesn t matter! This is better than anything 
Edge Of Your Seat. I saw this in the theater when it first came out. Had to have a copy because it is so gripping. Look at world events in 
Adrift on the Prairie. In 1958, a kill-happy Charlie Starkweather and his 13 year-old girlfriend Caril Ann Fugate came boiling out of high plains Nebraska to terrorize a section of 
Pretty Pretty.... I love this movie. Maybe it s because it seemed so risque as a kid, or maybe it s because Jane hates it. Whatever, it s great fun. 
Never explain, never apologise..... This is yet one more brilliant film in the Lynch universe. I ve loved everything he s done even Twin Peaks: Firewalk With Me , and 
 I luuurve it, I loave it, I luff it ,. This story of three sisters, their lives, loves, and struggles is delight from the beginning to the end. Along 
Lighten up, people. .C mon, people. Lighten up. I m not a big fan of musicals, but this is a good movie. I do agree the use of colored filters 
Still lovely. I love this little story of the relationship between two sisters. The performances are heartfelt and the score is haunting. It still gets me :  
Absolutely riveting!. No this isn t Courtney of Friends, but once you get past that - this is MUST WATCH TV! While the show has content that can be shocking, 
Excellant Collection. This is excellent DVD video collection. Very good picture quality and sounds. Worth to purchase it. Do not think twice  
hot, hot, hot. Jeremy Irons has an affair with his son s fiancee Juliette Binoche, and becomes obsessed with her. Great erotic scenes, though not a lot of skin is 
The other side of Love. This is a pretty amazing movie, that does get graphic in nature and crosses the line in parts of what is art and what is 
Great book plot adapted to video. I had read The Winds of War before I saw the miniseries. It is not usual for a movie script to convey what makes 
Karloff shines in duo role. Karloff once again shows us what an incredible actor he was in playing both brothers in this classic. Well thought out story and good supporting 
A very great Film: The Live Performers are Excellent ! . This film takes you back to a time you have lived in before or wished you had. The groups 
Probably the Best Drama Series Ever Made. I came across the Immortal Yi Soon Shin by accident while flicking through some satellite channels. Up to this time I had never 
A Very Good And Suspenseful Thriller!. I remember watching this film when it first came out in a theatre in Manhattan Beach, California. [During a time when you got two 
Informative. Nice little video for my Zen during my long wait at the doctor s office. Confucius overcame many difficulties  
Funny,Funny,Funny. Even though this is about 4 years old, it is extremely halarious. I ve been waiting to see a good stand up comedy. The first 15 min is just 
 How s Jesus look to you now Bob? . This is a classic western and one of Sam Peckinpah s greatest. I found the dialouge and the chemistry between 
Is Rob Schneider Funny? Yes, he s very very funny. Rob Schneider and his sense of the absurd really resonatewith me.. some people might not find him funny or findhis 
tati looks like a 1950s chuck jones cartoon -- but thats good!. jacques tati takes on the modern world in his second sally as the perpetually bewildered mr hulot. while 
Awesome. The Lord of the Rings movies made superstars out of dozens of actors and actresses. Many have gone on to star in movies that made lots of money, but 
The One N Only -Gigglez. I love this movie i can relate to it in soo many ways...thats where i got my nickname giggles .I can really relate to Sad 
Great for kids or adults. This movie was a cute movie for the whole family. I would suggest it to add to your holiday collection  
From Angst to Art. Vincent Van Gogh is wildly popular today in ways he could have never imagined: his work is on post cards, in massive coffee table books, and 
 Hiroshima, Mon Amour reflects image and sound, past and present; the actual and the remembered. His film was a bit puzzling, but, at the same time, a compromise, a 
A &quot;greatest hits&quot; compilation for Monty Python. This is Monty Python at their very best. Very little of the amusing but confusing sketch comedy that can be so hit or 
A documentary snapshot of Russian military life. Some may be looking for deep symbolism in 100 Days .One reviewer called it surreal.It is very realistic actually, almost a documentaryabout a 
Gable Rules as Ford Looks On. Great to have MOGAMBO on DVD. It looks good. Not your usual John Ford film from my view. Clark Gable is the man and 
Good clean fun. Boy, let me tell you, if you are trippin on some good acid, this movie will make perfect sense. I was a little confused until Ben Franklin 
Un box Revisited. This Amazon unbox is not fully developed or has a lot of bugs in it. They should pull it until they get the bugs ironed out. Could 
VERY CLOSE. After watching this video I examined the Bible and it is very close to the scriptures in accuracy. It helps give the Bible life so that you can 
Quinn and Hayworth s Pasadoble remains one of the movie s best remembered moments... The Mark of Zorro and Blood and Sand confirmed Rouben Mamoulian s enduring concern with drama 
Refined but difficult. Rating and reviewing movies like these are often difficult for the average critic. On one hand, they re done absolutely brilliantly done in ways that take one 
Rule of Law determines whether a Soldier is a barbarous or civilized. Defense argued, Law does not exist in the Confederate prison. Therefore, the Raiders are not guilty of breaking 
action, romance a winner. Bridget Fonda is outstanding in this role. Good mix of action and romance. I have recommended it to several friends and they all love it too.I 
AT LAST!!!. AT LAST!!! The Devils is now available on DVD UNCUT!!!.You can buy it at www.xploitedcinema.com Enjoy!!!!UPDATEIN MY LAST REVIEW I STATED YOU CAN BUY THE DEVILS UNCUTAT XPLOITEDCINEMA.COM. 
A pirate you can t help but love. This movie entertained me as a child and still does today. Suzanne Pleshette & Dean Jones are great, but the constant scene 
Funny,Funny,Funny. Even though this is about 4 years old, it is extremely halarious. I ve been waiting to see a good stand up comedy. The first 15 min is just 
Great video!. Another great Richard Scarry video. This video teaches kids in a way that is interesting and fun for them...without being obnoxious for their parents! We love it  
 I need dogs . Free spirit Molly De Mora Paula Marshall is about to settle down and marry the conservative Keith Marks James Denton son of Senator Marks.There is 
Guaranteed to be one of the most thought-provoking films you ve ever watched. There is little a reviewer can say about Ingmar Bergman s 1957 film DET SJUNDE INSEGLET The 
sound and picture quality is awful. buyers beware. I don t want to discuss about the movie. but the quality of the DVD was awfull. sound and picture both. picture 
Another underrated Billy Wilder sex comedy delight. I saw Billy Wilder s neglected KISS ME, STUPID 1964 two weeks ago on letterboxed DVD and cannot get it out of my 
Sadness and Beauty. The Princess of Death loved one man - which is not allowed. Beautiful sounds enhance the beautiful scenes and lead you into the world consists of love, 
...When I was very small... This episode of Star Trek, The Man Trap is my earliest memory of what would become a lifelong enjoyment of the franchise. Truthfully, The Man 
A rare genre piece. Simply put, The Other is truly a slow moving story, but has a certain creepiness that tends to open the doorway to the imagination. Don t 
Bold, Tragic, and thought-provoking... Oh Nooooooooo!. It s tragic how some of Hollywood s greatest films are doomed from the start, by efforts to conceal the serious subject matter with 
Heartwarming Family Entertainment. This is another of my childhood favorites. I never thought I would be able to find it on DVD. This is definitely a film to add to 
Best Potion for youthfulness. This is one of the most original films I have ever seen. Meryl, Goldie, and Bruce work well off of each other, which is why the 
More artistic than historic. Called A breathtaking journey into the heart of darkness. The cinema tail of the conquest of Don Lope de Aguirre Klaus Kinski and how it might 
A little hokey, but all the elements were there. Not a great retelling of the story, some of the Hollywood magic gets in the way, but all the elements of 
A very popular Italian film. This review is for the Criterion collection DVD edition of the film. Bicycle Thieves released in Italy as Ladri di biciclette is about a bill 
Great Buy!. It was a great buy! Got the movie in great time, and there wasn t a thing wrong with it! = Thanks  
Illuminating Documentary. Run time was 48 minutes. A stellar documentary. The download worked perfectly. Hope the review was helpful. ty  
The last vestiges of the Old West. Steve McQueen is his pentultimate role before succumbing to cancer stars in the somber biographical film Tom Horn . Horn, a legendary cowboy, 
Fun Film, interesting story to me. This is a fun film. As long as you don t go into it expecting much, you will find it a good way to 
A Flawed Masterpiece - Let s See a Remake. Frank and Julia s forbidden love affair was the focus of Hellraiser, but the cenobites stole the show. This time around 
An eye opener. I don t think I ve ever just sat and watched a movie and `got it quite like this. Maybe it s because every married couple goes 
Playing in Charlie Brown Field. I remember when this 1st came out- at 9 years old, I had no idea what Arbor Day was all about no, it s not 
 Rivette? Who is Jacques Rivette? He s a great filmmaker, that s who... The French New Wave is justifiably famous in cinema circles, schools, etc.. It is still talked 
A Film Noir Classic. I m glad to see that the Sean Penn version of this movie has sparked an interest in the academy award winning original.There are the unmistakable 
Husbands & Wives. Woody Allen s 1992 film Husbands and Wives was released around the time we first heard the words Soon-Yi, which is ironic considering the subject matter of 
Small-Scale Indie Has Its Charms and Nicely Etched Performances. I am hopeful that Katie Holmes has not forsaken a promising acting career to become tabloid fodder and a Stepford wife 
The master is in near top form. OK, I love Japanese film and Kurosawa is my favorite Japanese director, but even a newbie to film will be hooked. I loved 
the land girls. Being English, I can relate to the trauma s of this wonderful movie. It is real life of war torn England in the face of defeat.They could 
GREAT UNDERRATED CLASSIC!. Its so sad that this movie didn t do better at the box office and more people don t know about it. Like most people say here, 
hans christian andersen. Was a christmas present for my neice she loves the old Danny Kaye movies so it was the perfect addition for her collection  
Funny,Funny,Funny. Even though this is about 4 years old, it is extremely halarious. I ve been waiting to see a good stand up comedy. The first 15 min is just 
A movie Jack Black was made for. Great movie!!! I do not think any other actor could have done a better job. He was perfectly cast for this movie.  
CLARK AND KERR. Clark Gable zoomed back to the pre-eminent place he long held in Hollywood with this smash performance of Vic Norman, the attractive huckster ; a radio advertising 
Very Hilarious. Truely speaking, this is a very hilarious episode. Must see for every one  
Brilliant!. As a fan of New Order and Joy Division this was on the top of my list. Fast-paced, witty, and shot in documentary like style, 24 HOUR PARTY PEOPLE 
Great for kids. I am an elementary music teacher and bought this to show my students. All of the students LOVED it from K-4. The narration makes it easier to 
 I have enough stories, I want a life! . 28 Days starring Sandra Bullock, she was courageous to take such a challenging role like this. She plays an alcoholic 
A really well done film. I have to say that I really enjoyed this film. It is well done and not to mention beautifully shot. It has become one of 
Incredibly Alluring. Audrey Hepburn and Gary Cooper make an unlikely pair for a lot of reasons in this film but that does not stop the relationship from working. It sizzles.Audrey 
Awe-Struck. Camille Claudel, a talented and gifted artist, ends up studying under Rodin. Rodin, because of his name back then, has his way with Camille as it is implied with 
Fantastic drama of Science Fiction. Slaughterhouse-Five 1972 - 104 minutes is a classic drama of science fiction, directed by George Roy Hill from the script of Stephen Geller that was 
...When I was very small... This episode of Star Trek, The Man Trap is my earliest memory of what would become a lifelong enjoyment of the franchise. Truthfully, The Man 
A must see. My 12th grade government teacher showed our class this film, and we were all hooked. If you have ever been in a room of thirty some teenagers, 
I wonder. I wonder why the beautiful Lerner-Loewe meoldies and lyrics and the movie itself are not more popular than they are - I ll go home with Bonnie Jean, 
SAD, BEAUTIFUL AND HYPNOTIZING. Actually I felt I was in love with this film as soon as I saw the very beginning - the opening credits against the background of 
It s Jimmy Carr - Need more be said?!?. Thanks for keeping a Brit sane in a country full of My wife says... jokes.Your wife is fat and ugly and 
This movie is soooooo awesome. Hilary did a great job in the movie. She played Lizzie and Isabella great. She looked great with brown hair. I liked how Lizzie and 
 I remember how the meaning of words began to change . V for Vendetta is an interesting movie that won t allow you to remain indifferent. Love or hate 
U2 Rattle and Hum DVD. I love this movie. I can watch it over and over again and still get the chills. I wish I had been able to see 
I passed it on to my minister for reading. It defined for me what we Christians are struggling against; secularism and pluarlism. Christians don t know they are like the 
Baseball fans will enjoy this one. The Curse of the Grebes is sort of a tribute to the Red Sox return to World Series glory with cameos by Damon, Timlin 
Star Trek At Its Best. Shore Leave is one of the best episodesof the classic series. It uses all thesci fi props but also has a great story,if you don 
Very Funny. I saw this on tv and loved it, so i had to buy it  
3 stars for the movie, 1 star for Monica Potter. I could write a bunch of stuff here trying to convince you that I m smarter than you but that 
One of the Best Bibically-Based Films. This is one of the very best Bibically-based films ever, and it was also on of the best of the early sequels. Taking up 
Engrossing from the first 30 seconds. Clooney is a marvel. This story was so captivating that I sat on the edge of my seat straining to hear all the dialogue. 
Feeling sorry for yourself?. Ever feel like life is getting you down? This is the movie that will make you realize that you have NOTHING to complain about.Feeling sorry for 
awesome chicks. If you are a Dixie Chicks fan you will find no better musical experience.The music,vocals,fans and emotions are unbeatable.Also I couldnt help but notice every female in the 
One of my Favorite movies!. No, its not classy. No one uses sharp, flashy camera moves to wow the viewer. The plot line is neither deep nor inriching for the 
Enlightening.... What I loved about this movie is that Jeffrey Wright showed the emotional and sensitive side of Basquiat, as well as his creative side. It showed his struggles with 
I love this movie!!!. I finally bought this movie! Everytime it would air on TCM my 15 yr old daughter and I watched. It s not a scary movie, rather 
Wonderful Mother-Daughter movie to watch. This movie was refreshing and gave great values on family traditions, love, self-esteem and friendship! And that growing-up has its difficulties, but with the love 
BS tells it all. I have watched most of the BS series and this is one that shows what is happening to many of our american organizations. Religious control  
Vampiers but different. this movie is a must too see., its not made for the kids but its a great movie for the adults, my advice if you dont have 
This Has Been...a Love Story. I finally made my first purchase from Amazon s Unbox Video Downloads just to try the service and am happy to report a solid customer 
Seasonal Classic. I m an avid movie maniac. I have certain films that I can only watch at certain times of the year, and do, every year. Other Peoples Money, 
If you love her, let her go... Sofia Coppola takes on conformity in a black comedy about a house of five young girls who are just trying to reach out 
Possible inspiration for Star Wars Death Star attack?. As another reviewer so astutely observed, the climactic bombing run through a fjord at a specific target evokes the Jedi attack on 
Seeing is Believing. I saw this video onboard the sailboat Le Ponant just prior to entering the Panama Canal. The video was incredible and allowed each of us to better 
still burning at the end. Although Lenny was near the end when this performance was filmed, he still puts on a riveting show. He does go on about the legal 
a little too loving?. This is a well made and well acted movie. If you love baseball and tribute movies, you ll be in seventh heaven. If you don t 
My DVD Video. The DVD that I purchased was in excellent conditiona and the price was very reasonable  
Enjoyable, even if it isn t your usual fare... As an American watching a translation, it s sometimes difficult to determine a film-maker s intent. Ever since Crouching Tiger, Hidden 
Great Nostalgia Trip!!. I was 7 when I watched these shows. Great memories. And Soupy Sales is an added bonus!! Just amazing how things have changed...Not sure if this set 
As relevant today as ever. What is at stake here is the kind of government that we, people, want to give ourselves. It s been the same choice since the 
What a great movie!. How many movies can you really enjoy with the young people in your life? This is one of the few. I watched this with great reluctance, 
Tremendous!!. Put a lot of sex in it; that s always nice, Lorenzo protagonist of this film is advised about his novel-in-progress. Sex and Lucia, which contains stories within stories 
The Wind in the Willows. The Wind in the Willows, by Kenneth Grahame, was originally a series of bedtime stories for Grahame s son. It is still commonly considered to 
James Stewart Preserves Our Freedoms with Conviction. This is a very good film from director Anthony Mann starring James Stewart and June Allyson. The film focuses on the operations of 
Holy. Like the review I just read, Tarkovskies ANDRE RUBLEV is the movie that I keep coming back to over the years. It is my favorite film and has been 
There is nothing wrong with the picture quality !. After reading other reviews that state poor quality transfer I will disagree. The video quality on the DVD and VHS is 
The Effects of Ignorance. Errol Morris, via The Fog of War, proved that he is one of the most talented documentary filmmakers of our day. This film directly proceeded the 
Takes me back to my childhood. I love this movie. And I don t have anything bad to say about it. But if you get the DVD be prepared because 
Clever, Creative and Funny!. Lilly Tomlin is hysterical in this movie. She makes this movie. It fun, and your rooting for the women all the way. One specific part is 
A Real Treasure!. I ordered this DVD when it first came out and I ve been enjoying it ever since. All the performances are enjoyable- some more than others, but 
Holly Hunter great actress, beatifull bodie. HiNice and interesting drama , but the best part is Holly Hunter naked, long scene, a rare appearance for this actress.So if you are 
A Mystery Solved . . . Vampire-enthusiasts who have read Strieber s novel, had a bit of a surprise when they saw Scott s The Hunger. There were several liberties 
A WINNING ELECTION. Rarely has a film captured the essence of adolescence, teenage angst, sexual confusion and school politics as richly as this marvelous movie from Alexander Payne. Reese Witherspoon 
Shakespeare Would Be Proud. When it comes to film adaptations, most films fail in some way. To think that a Japanese film director could transform one of the greatest plays 
Woody s First Great Movie. Allen s talent grew in leaps and bounds in the late 60 s and early 70 s. Sleeper was only his fifth directorial effort and 
As scary as it was so many years ago. this movie is a great example of movie making at its finest. The eerie atmosphere makes dialogue unecessary and the creepy 
Not sissy stuff: important gay avant garde. The gay condition, this is the glory and the gutter, the heavenly and the hellish,a juxtaposition of the rich interior of gay desire 
I cannot not lie about this movie: It rocked!. This is a majestic, genre-defying delve into three disparate and desperate women. Whoopi s performance is at least as strong as 
what a shock!. Michael Caine gives a great performance in this movie as he was passed over for a promotion. He plays by the rules only to get trampled by 
Straight talking Frankie with demure Kim. A great movie. I liked this movie because I like the way Sinatra talks and sings. He is a natural actor always ready with 
One of those movies that should never be re-made. Well, finally this is on DVD. Like Miracle on 34th St. , Christmas Carol , etc., this movie has one definitive 
Super DI, Aye, aye. Here s a message to Hollywood. There are perhaps a million former Marines out there that will buy The D.I. on DVD as soon as its 
A Christmas Classic. For every season, there is a classic movie. In our house, A Christmas Story tops the list when Christmas rolls around. Without a doubt this movie is 
Nice and awesome. I absolutely love Atlantis. From Ronon Dex, to Sheppard, and to all the faces. I d cry if Atlantis was cancelled. Seriously though, Steve should have never 
Halloween fans love them all!. Sure it is no where near being as good as the original, but as a fan of the Halloween s I love them all including 
PESCI S PHILOSOPHY. WITH HONORS is a thoughtful and well done little slice of life with a moral we ve all heard before: do what makes you happy and take 
Good,but not better than the original. This was a good sequel,but not better than the first one.He plays Kurts brother and fights Tong Po.Van Damne is way better though  
I LIKED this movie!!!!. I don t know WHY this movie is getting so poo pooed, I m not a big Adam Sandler fan but I found this movie to 
Light hearted. A light and breezy production of Shakespeare s most renown light and breezy play. The cast and director make this look fun and easy, which is of course 
I need to stop laughing, it hurts too much!. This movie is downright hilarious the whole way through. In this story, Ralphie, who is 9 years old, must convince his 
beautiful movie. mccabe & mrs. miller is often talked about as one in a list of director robert altman s seventies films that takes on a cinematic genre namely the 
Memphis Belle. One of my favorite movies, particularly if you re a WWII buff. I watch it at least once a year  
