The Boy You Loved Is Now The Man You Fear!. This is my third copy of this book that i have purchased if that tells you anything. ive read it 
My life is much more fun &amp; balanced since reading this book!. It s truly a shame that this book is no longer stocked. Since I first read it, back 
Challenging you to step up to the plate. This story gives me hope in mankind again. Despite the horrendous abuse, this woman gave herself -- all of herself -- to 
Return of the Prodigal Son. Buy it. I m not a big fan of artwork, and I m certainly not a lover of reading, but more than once I found 
Had the chance to be excellent, but is only a relatively good one. I have read the whole ender series, but with a strange sequence which may have affected the 
Love You Forever reminds you of what s important in life. The first time I read &quot;Love You Forever&quot; was in the bookstore when my 8 year old grandaughter handed 
A Wonderful Train Wreck. Having read several of Ford s other novels previously, I pretty much got what I had expected and had hoped for. No need for outrageous plot 
Fun and interesting, but I got mixed results. If the poor condition of the library copy is any indication, Even More Top Secret Recipes is a very popular book!Todd Wilbur 
I nearly wet myself every time. I may be a Kinsey 6 homo male, but this show leaves me in stiches every time. I laugh so hard that I lose 
A little rough around the edges, but it s a great start!. I caught the tail end of one of Ron s interviews on TV and just had to buy 
From Inspiration to Novel, a complete thought process. Sentence structure, parts of speech, character, scenes, revisions, POV s, design, climax, development, progression, motivation, inspiration, technique, delivery, prologue, epilogue, all the 
Cute!. This is a cute book with stuff that you can make out of everyday stuff! I highly recommend it  
INFORMATIVE. I always enjoy listening to Dr. Kabat-Zinn. This CD presents a a very good reason to try mindful meditation. Kabat-Zinn has a very pleasing voice with easy concepts to 
But I digress... Mr. Slezkine has prepared an interesting, but albeit lengthy and sometimes convoluted, but usually engrossing, premise based on: the idea that anyone who is to be prepared 
Essential Biography in Understanding a Leader. William Manchester examines the life of General Douglas MacArthur. AMERICAN CAESAR, DOUGLAS MACARTHUR, 1880-1964 begins with his birth and ends with his death. For 
Good book for learning ASP.NET 2.0 basics. If you are new to ASP.NET or have little to no programming experience this is a good book to start with. It will 
An Extremely Entertaining Read. Julian Rubinstein tells the true story of Attila Ambrus, the Transylvanian-born backup hockey goalie in Budapest who also lived the life of a pelt smuggler and 
A Universal Faith in the Global Village. I used this book as one of my primary sources for studying religions in the global village; it was tremendously useful and is 
Anger Hated This Book, But Read It Anyway. Kenneth Anger deserves a much more serious and scholarly bio, but this will do for now. He s literally CURSED Landis for 
i never knew. ok, i m one of your normal anime lovers. i like dbz, sailor moon, gundam wing, outlaw star, magic knight rayearth, and cardcapture sakura. well, i have 
Best Parenting Book on the Market for Half a Century!. As a retired licensed professional counselor, educational psychologist, and educator over a practice spanning 40 years, I have found no 
interesting tidbit. this book is actually featured in the 1976 Stephen King horror flick, Carrie. Interestingly enough, in the library scene, Carrie opens this book and finds the definition of 
Fantastic presentation of a fantastic series. Baron and Rude s Nexus remains one of the best science fiction superhero series ever done and Dark Horse gives it the treatment it 
Fabulous resource and reading!. This book is quickly becoming one of my very favorites. Alinsky has always been a very articulate writer, and he does very well in this book. 
Outstanding reader-actor on audio. Highly entertaining. Thoroughly enjoyable, laugh-out-loud funny. One of Pratchett s best novels. The CD audio version read by Nigel Planer is wonderful! Nigel Planer does an 
Highly recommended. I loved Blunt s first book and was extremely happy to note that this second one is even better. He paints a brooding, uncomfortable picture of a Canadian 
Maine Bible. The Maine Atlas &amp; Gazetteer by DeLorme should also be known as &quot;The Maine Bible.&quot; Every Mainer should own one. All too often I ve tried those web 
Shades of MY SWEET AUDRINA. I am honored to once again be the first to review a new V.C. Andrews release. I am honored to occassionally correspond with Mr. Andrew 
head and heart. F. Paul Wilson has done it again, showing the amazing range of his talents in this compelling novel about a dying physician s struggle to save what 
Banville s, er, Black s style. Since Benjamin Black s identity is revealed on the dust cover, it is no secret that he is really John Banville. Although this book 
Incredibly rich family tale. You don t have to be Catholic I am not for this book to blow you away. It is full of truth, the characters are real 
A Landmark Design Book. This must be the first full book-length study of the increasingly popular subject of outdoor kitchens and cooking. The author s style is precise and easy, 
Totam tibi subdo me. It is not there simply for appearing part here, but rather to appear part there. They do not jump the categories and they get where we 
Science and religion join hands to oppress. Even when Leiber was trying to write something serious he still couldn t help being satirical, as when he describes aerial dogfights between 
This is THE book for your little ones AND their loved ones!. As a board member for a food-allergy support organization, I review books relating to food allergies every month.This 
Salute Mr Block - You ve done it!. Kudos to Lawrence Block for creating a witty series in the burglar mysteries, and a special kudo for this entry -- the 
What Do Women Want?. If your new consumer product is selling like crazy, you may not feel you need this book. If, however, you feel you are not getting the 
Laymon is a master of horror!!. Before you read this book read the first book in the series The Cellar , you won t be asking the question who is 
The All-Time Best SELLING Personal Finance Bible!. While many books have been written about personal finance, none have had the initial and lasting impact as has this great classic by 
This Cat Has Nine Lives. I didn t know what I was getting into when I picked up this book. The title, Caught Stealing, at first suggested a crime story; 
From the Author of My Truths, Accepting Higher Knowledge . A countinual source of inspiration, so I appreciate the book for that fact. While there was much useful information provided 
Oates at Her Best. Joyce Carol Oates is a marvelous writer, who does very well exploring the dark, seamy underside of life, and in Faithless, she remains faithful to her 
A desert thriller. I loved the descriptions of the west Texas terrain, and the tough character of Anna Pidgeon in this unusual mystery. Anna, a park ranger who escaped NYC 
Very cute, rhyming book. My 3-year-old son loves this book. It has catchy rhymes that are silly and a lot of animal pictures. It is one of his favorite books 
Review by Happy. The Silver Chair was an excellent read filled with action, adventure, and peril. The tale starts out with two Adolescents named Jill Pole and Eustice Scrubb. They 
Insightful!. Vivek Ranadive s book says technology has changed the way business is conducted. Having seemingly stated the obvious, though, he tells you what this means. This technology has spawned 
An Invitation to Mention God More Often. Professor Thomas Long is well known as a major representative of Christian faith. He has served on the faculty of Princeton Theological Seminary 
First-rate. Like a lot of folks I have a fascination with the 60 s and the title essay from this collection, a look at the hippie scene in the Haight-Ashbury 
Another good on Stone Masonry. Another good book on traditional stone masonry. I wish there was some some colour photos in it. It does have some information that is not 
Mercy Watson to the Rescue. Mercy Watson to the Rescue, by Kate DiCamillo, is a wonderful chapter book for beginning readers. Mercy Watson, a lovable family member, who happens to 
One of the best Oprah picks!. I haven t read many Oprah picks, but I am so glad I read this one. It s a murder-mysery intertwined with related events, 
Appealing to all of the senses. In luscious pictures by Robert Freson , recipes and anecdotes, Patricia Wells At Home In Provence contributes enthusiastically to America s love affair with 
A Story Through The Eyes Of An Innocent 9 Year Old Child Amidst Unspeakable Horror. My Number One Reading Consultant John from Matilda s book store in Mount Waverley recommended 
Another Great Read, Better than Last Few. First, I am a fan of Ann Rule. I feel she handles her genre expertly. With the past few crime files books, however, 
Every parent should read it!. An excellent book. Every parent should read it  
A Classic Reissued. J.B. Bury wrote his &quot;History of Greece&quot; before World War I, but it was such a good overview of classical Greek history that the third edition was 
I loved this book. Krauss s loveable characters break your heart and they journey they take heals it in a strange esoteric way. This is what reading is all about 
A Classic. Well, let us think about this a little bit...You want to learn Category theory, whether for some course or just for the fun of it, and now where 
Great information... This book has great information about all types of minerals and vitamins. I had a hard time putting the book down. I learned so much more about the 
Happy Customer. Wonderful prompt service. Couldn t be happier. Book was in wonderful condition  
Terrifically Funny!. Wendy McClure entertains and charms her audience with a collection of witty, beautiful, and funny tales regarding her personal weight loss battle in I m not the New 
Best self-help book, highly recommended. I knew that 1 day I was gonna have this. This book is very incredible and very good. It tells it all what u need 
essential for first year nursing. This flipbook is perfect for first year nurses because it presents valuable information in a easy to flip, erasable pad. The book has everything from 
Rationality could not explain the essence of religion. In this book, Schleiermacher wanted to revitalize the idea that human feeling is absolutely dependent on God. One who reads history in 
Remarque nailed it early on... There seems to be a plethora of both novels and non-fiction books now about the ravages of war and its aftermath, describing both the physical 
A great follow-up to Undaunted Courage. His theme is that Lewis &amp; Clark accomplished what all the other explorers could not -- determining whether there was an easy water-based passage 
It s Time We Grow Up. Now we need to get folks to pay attention to our Humanity, at least to try to understand. This Book is a darn good 
Stop the presses. Call William Boot the Forrest Gump of the 1930s: oblivious to the process he is a part of, he continually finds himself in the right place at 
Jabbo speaks -- and speaks, and speaks and speaks!. Foolish enough to have dropped a dollar into the cup of a blind man? Don t feel too bad -- over 
Gotta love them fur kids!. As both a dog and cat owner, and a would-be everything-else owner, too, I love this book! I have several Chicken Soup books, plan to 
good stuff. i can track my collectible item from this catalogue.this book help me a lotthanksar  
Open - Unsolved. Absolutely outstanding. A bit slower in pace than some of the earlier Harry Bosch novels but much more realistic and interesting. Character development is superb and the 
modern overview of ldap. I ve read some of the other LDAP books out there and have always complained that they are a bit dated. This book covers modern features 
A good place to start. I had the chance to work under Dr. Michael Charney for 5 years before his death. Dr. Charney focused heavily on education and teaching people. 
Great Book. This is a great book. Easy to read and very insightful on the subject of being welcoming to guests in the church. I highly recommend it for anyone 
Encouraging. I ve always been a fan of Saul Williams...eversince Slam.This book continues in his quest to paint pictures with his words, but on a love level.I loved it.Also recommended: 
Superb reading by Jeremy Irons. Jeremy Irons does an excellent reading of Evelyn Waugh s classic novel. He very poignantly captures much of the depth and emotion of each of 
a great christmas story of faith. this book has been an annual christmas favorite with my 11 children. It teaches a strong message of patient waiting for prayers to be 
One of My Favorite Top 10 Books. The title says it all. I often compare this book to The Alchemist but Life of Pi has far more humor to it 
The rare preludes are here--thank YOU!. I had to search high and low for Zizzo s edition of the rarer preludes. Here, you have all of the Gershwin keyboard works, 
Good. If you re a history fan and want to find out all about the background of a certain record label or you are interested in how the industry evolved 
Short stories... This is a wonderful book of short stories that are funny and witty. He wrote them so they are not obviously funny, but in their own way, a 
The snowmen are snow men. Homicide detectives Leo Magozzi and Gina Rolseth take the lead in this wintertime murder investigation set in Minneapoilis. A major snowfall has come to provide 
well reserched. I would recomend this book to anyone who wants to learn about Ho. This book was not biased as many other books written by american war veterans. This 
Great for High School Teachers. This book is EXCELLENT as a source for explaining concepts. There are LOTS of tutorial books for teaching HTML and specific software programs to generate 
one of my favorites. This was my first Koontz book since then I ve read many and I think it s still my favorite. One reviewer said it will likely 
Ahhh..... It has been said many times that Wallace Stevens is one of the five best and most influential American poets. After reading this collection of poems it is impossible 
Another Wonderful Read!. Judi McCoy doesn t disappoint in her latest novel. She s hit another fresh area, weaving a new romance with a fascinating twist! I love the plots 
I-should-but-I-can t-put-it-down-book. What a fascinating book. Perhaps autistic people have it more often than not right. They deserve more credit.Furthermore, what a great detective. I didn t quite feel the 
Straightforward and Well Reasoned. David Mills has written an excellent and quick-reading guide to atheism for the practical. There is no lengthy exegesis a la George Smith here, and Thomist 
She s done it again. Ms. Lindskold continues to write literate, well thought out fantasy. This continuation of the Firekeeper and Blind Seer saga proves to be the best yet. 
A Wonderful Book. Purse Masterpieces is a wonderful addition to the literature on antique and vintage purses. Many examples pictured in this book have never been seen before, some of 
For Every Kid, Parent, and Grandparent You Know. I ve given this book to just about every kid, parent, and grandparent in my life, all to rave reviews. My niece 
Excellent book for those who already know programming. One of the main reasons I liked this book is it didn t dumb things down too much. I already know how 
mental and physical fitness. imagine the combo keep your brain alive and total fitness in 30 minutes a wee  
Should be recommended reading. for everyone interested in this subject. Patrick Heron has done an excellent job explaining the Nephilim. This book has answered all my questions.  
Great Midnight Help. This is a good, well written, and well organized book. There is a whole section on diarreha, including how much Pepto-Bismal to give a dog and other 
Very good book!. I loved reading this book. I am only interested in reading stories like this one and this one was great! I recommend you get this book asap! 
Not For The Timid. Whether you are a man in a position of power authority, or a woman who routinely encounters men in power and authority, this book should be 
The standard reference - deservedly. Discursive and authoritative, the one failing is the lack of convenient text search. When available on CD-ROM with that capability, it will be an ideal 
Simplified irrigation design. This resource is excellent. Extreme detail, great illustrations, and information that is not provided by other typical irrigation books you ll find at Home Depot. I m 
I Kill With My Heart. I do not aim with my hand.He who aims with his hand has forgotten the face of his father.I aim with my Eye.I do not 
PUBLISHER S GROTESQUE ACADEMIC IRRESPONSIBILITY CUTTING FOOTNOTES. This great biography was written by an academic historian who gathers and compares several sources, yet the publisher to cut costs cuts the 
A House Divided. The Shame of the Nation: The Restoration of Apartheid Schooling in America will challenge any illusion the reader holds that America has left her divided and racist 
This is how real-time development should be done. The ROOM methodology is specifically tailored for the practical development and maintenance of real-time systems. Have you ever tried to use CASE 
The Notebooks of Leonardo da Vinci - Volume One. Leonardo s notebooks are a staggering monument to the human intellect and Jean Paul Richter has done a remarkable job of 
We have found that this book is a MUST for any avid griller!. Out of many of my cookbooks or recipes I keep coming back to this one. I have 
The best of the D200 books, I think. Superb. I recommend this to anyone with a D200. I of course own the manual, I also bought Thom Hogans CD book 
The BEST book i ve EVER read in my life... Harriet the spy iis my favorite book EVER. It has been since i was 6, and i still love it. 
A. Excellent. The Pirate Coast clearly reveals the meaning of A million dollars for defense, but not a cent for tribute.  
Fascinating but not profound. I found this book to be highly readable and to stand as an important example of immigrant and post-immigrant fiction. The Chinese-American experience is different from 
High-Toned Son of a Writer. I m not a King reader, but I do know of his former pseudonym Richard Bachman, and it s partly this knowledge that makes The 
As a Man Thinketh changed my entire life.... 1. Discuss the main ideas that you found most important in this book and discuss why they were important to you.`As A 
heartwarming stories... Even if you aren t a big reader of the Chicken Soup series, you will still like this book. The stories are great and you can just pick 
Those thousand miles become the reader s. It doesn t take long for the reader to get broken in along Fletcher s trail of adventure from the Mexican border of 
A superb &quot;theatre of the mind&quot; experience. Family Classic Audio Books is a series of outstanding &quot;theater of the mind&quot; audiobook productions featuring a full cast performance. One of their 
The Cabinet Maker and Uphollsterer s Guide. Excellent service and excellent prodoct. Would order from them again  
Coauthor and Kendra did a great job. Pretty entertaining book, and in about the 9th chapter they cut right to the chase and describe the exact process the coatuhor did 
An argument for noblesse obliege . Dr. Zakaria s The Future of Freedom is both brilliant and disturbing. There is much that I agree with in his analysis of democracy 
4 stars. An urgent call punctuated by gunfire from her long missing father prompts Maddie Springer to break her vow to not call or think about Ramirez, who was last 
An excellent primer. Esposito, certainly one of the foremost scholars today who deals knowledgeably with the interrelationship of Islam and Christianity, has produced this short but extremely readable and relevant 
info on what men want but not enough on what women want. After reading this book I am supprised that the title says what women want but I in my 
Eye opener. This was such a well written book, that you would think an adult wrote. To know that a young lady wrote this was truly an inspiration for all 
On the origins of the Enlightenment. I m going to break with the consensus and state upfront that I was not overly impressed with Rousseau s Discourse on the Origin 
complete herbal. This is the best book I could find and read concerning the herbal concoctions on the market today,but, make sure you get this book, not one of the 
Loved it!. Very enjoyable. It was nice taking a travel through history in a period of time not so frequently written about. The up and down see saw of Merewyn 
Loose Ballads. At first, I didn t find much to rejoice about in this collection of poems. The expectation Berryman sets up with his title is deceptive. I found little 
Natural remedies and speedy recovery. Larry Dossey, M.D. s THE EXTRA-ORDINARY HEALING POWER OF ORDINARY THINGS: FOURTEEN NATURAL STEPS OF HEALTH AND HAPPINESS comes from a physician long hailed as 
excellent. enjoyed reading the book. Couldn t put it down. Very intense. I am now reading Wizard and Glass which is almost finished  
good read. Gingrich and Fortschen have written an excellent conclusion to their alternative history of the Civil War. AS I stated in my review of the first book, those of 
Among The Finest Histories of the Nazi Era. The Order of the Death s Head first published in 1965, was written while the dust had not yet settled on world 
My Football Book. I think the book will be wonderful for my grandson. I m giving it to him for Easter  
Seeing is a big part of photography. There has been a need for a book on seeing creatively, especially one that is comprehensible by new photographers. This one covers all 
One of the best Movie Guides. I don t think anyone could find a more economically price guide for movies, with such good coverage of: Directors, Actors, a synopsis of 
The Navajo Landscape. Tony Hillerman once again takes us into the world of the Navajo with Jim Chee and the legendary Joe Leaphorn of the Navajo Tribal Police. I read 
How We All Can Turn Tragedy to Triumph. The final book in Dave Pelzer s memoir series, A Man Named Dave, brings his story to a final close. Many questions 
Powerful Information!. This book is small in size but very SOLID in its IMPACT. It FEELS GOOD and it s got a GREAT LOOK through out . . . however, 
very clear and thorough. It was very clear and thorough. It is a pretty guide review for the Clep exam, but you will need to study Principles of Accounting II 
A Timeless Classic. I absolutely love Kate Seredy. It was such a treat to check in with the adult Kate and Janci. They complemented one another perfectly. Kate, the delightfully 
more a series of newspaper columns than a book. I enjoyed this book quite a bit, but it only really works in the context of other reading on contemporary Israel. 
Offbeat & Original. Tabloid Dreams is like the sit-com version of the works of Edgar Allen Poe. There are so many dead bodies by the time we get to the 
Just right. This is an extremely thorough, well-written book that covers web services from the ground up. Not tied to any one company s philosophy or implementation of web services 
Brilliant Multi-Layered Storytelling. My first Gore Vidal novel, and absolutely NOT my last.I rarely have time to read as much as I like, but over the last week and a 
Carlip s 2 1 dimensional Quantum Gravity. This is the outstanding reference and survey book for quantum gravity in 2 spatial and 1 time dimensions, and also has a number 
Good for adult Sunday School!. As a Christian for 10 years, I realized this year how little I knew about Christmas traditions. When I found this book, I thought it 
Gorgeous!. This book is full of wonderful photos! An excellent resource book for anyone who is interested in studying the visual richness of this medium.  
Great for all ages!. Men who are loooking to give their spouces fullfilment in all aspects need to read this. It has helped us in our mariage  
Ed Lee Rocks!. Edward Lee is a sick, sick man. A very talented sick man who writes crazy good horror. If you ve never been corrupted by an Edward Lee 
A Great Book for Beginning Gardeners. This book tells the novice gardener all they need to know about selecting and planting Perennsials for Sun. Look for the &quot;Top Choices&quot; section 
A social commentary. Bernard Goldberg is an Emmy Award-winning correspondent and author. In this book he identifies celebrities, journalists, radicals, and intellectuals whom he criticizes for denigrating the United States. 
Amazing, spiritually uplifting. This book is amazing. I started reading this book out of curiosity; to find answers to common questions about the other side. After a few pages, this 
great book, great story. a must read biography of one of the most important artists of the country. A book about a Black Woman Fine Artist telling her story is 
Matches Cameo Coat Pocket NT. There are many features to commend the KJV Large Print Bible, but I personally appreciate the fact that its pagination matches that of the Cameo 
Recommend to couples going to be married. This book was for my daughter, 26, and her fiancee, 28, who are going to be married this Sept. It was recommended by 
Can t Be Beat For The Price!. I realize that there are books that are better and more complete about life in Victorian England and Regency , but, for the 
Not your typical King. Stephen King steps off into the woods and gives us Trisha McFarland. She s out for a day of hiking with her mom and brother who 
I ve read this book 3 times!. I m not a baseball fan. Hockey is the game of my heart. Baseball? No way. But, I loved this book. The only 
BEST ALICE MOVIE PAST & PRESENT. I LOVED THIS AS A CHILD. IT USED TO BE ON TV A LOT AND I REMEMBER BEGGING MY MOTHER TO TAPE IT ON 
4 1 2 A Bassist s Data Base. Tab versus StandardThis mostly excellent compilation of over 4 decades of mostly rock songs shows the bassist s part in both standard 
The Pen as Complement to the Brush. Ye mountains, woods, rocks, and impetuous streamsYe mantling heav ns -- Speak -- speak for me! Arguably, one of America s most important 
The Fifth Beatle. George Martin was the producer of the greatest pop group in history. His contributions to shaping the sound of the Beatles can not be minimalized. A breezy 
Another Satisfying Entry In The Series. I collect this series hungrily. There are always at least 10 stories that excite and amaze me, and I do feel they can honestly 
Sartre s last major philosophical work. Seeking to give Marxism what Michael McGee called a more rigorous intellectual defense, Sartre wrote volume one of Critique of Dialectical Reason CDR between 
Great for the office and beyond. The practical concepts offered in this book simply make sense. On a business level, these real-life action items provide great ideas to truly motivate 
Good reading. Written by people who have done it. Easy reading. Good information. I see our executives are set our direction from some of Microsoft s methods  
easily the best. Easily one of the best and most influential science fiction stories ever written  
Terrific resource, and not just for anime fans. My kids were adolescents back in the `80s, when Japanese animation began to be seen on American TV, and for a long 
a great book for all types of readers!. Sticks and stones may break my bones, but names will break our spirit . The Misfits is an astonishing novel and great 
Hmmmf!. Well, I read it. It s interesting material and Watson is a good writer. Now back to whatever it was that I was doing  
The best information available about how to live to be 100!. Forget all the modern diet approaches to health. This is the best information available about how to improve and 
Excellent. A must for all on chemo and or radiation therapy. I found this book very informative, and it makes the idea of going into this type of therapy less 
Overwelmed! Could not put it down........ Your knowlege of the Civil war will never be complete without reading this book. This book takes you there.......  
Fantasy thriller. White Night , JIm Butcher s ninth installment of the Dresden Files unfortunately was my introduction to this series. With no prior background it was somewhat difficult to 
The tomatoes are ripe right now!. I enjoyed this book s title, first of all -- it was why I picked it up in the first place. It held my 
Challenges Many Liberal Myths. Theologically liberal Protestants and theologically liberal Catholics have distorted the New Testament witness by pushing a false opposition between the Kingdom of God and the Church. 
Riveting Book. You won t regret reading htis book. It adds to the human experience and you come away from it enriched by both the writing and the content. It 
On becoming a gardener. I am reviewing this book because I read it and it s one of my all time favorites. I m a fairly successful gardener. People stop 
Struggling with birth control, then read this!. Many have followed what the culture teaches about children. They believe there s nothing wrong with practicing birth control, especially since the Bible 
Far superior to any Legendary Pirates book. Pay attention to the subtitle: Pirate Tactics and Techniques.Little writes a wonderful book about pirates, here. He avoids sinking into the typical history 
An Excellent Addtiion to the Bullying Prevention Literature. This book is what s been missing for eductors in the field of bullying prevention. It is a practical, well thought out 
Sociology and Language. Bourdieu s point is not to explore linguistics but rather to explore the larger impact that language has on shaping symbols, meaning and power in the social 
A Portmanteau of Literary Accomplishment. Matthew Goulish invites the reader to share in his extraordinary life experience in 39 Microlectures. A melding of personal commentary, from dreams as a child, 
I loved it. The Inferno, written by Dante Alighieri around 1309, is about a man who has somewhat lost his way morally on earth so he is granted a tour 
Dover Thrift Edition of Center of the Earth ISBN:0-486-44088-5. This Dover Thrift edition 1995 of Journey to the Centre of the Earth published by Routledge in 1876 is one of 
Huge Fun. An amazing tale of the fantastic cover and deception schemes devised by the Allies primarily Brits to deceive the Germans about the Normandy invasion plans. Wonderfully clever and 
We love I want to be an Astronaut. As a former elementary school teacher, I m very familiar with the work of Byron Barton and his appeal toward young children. 
Wonderful Book. This was a very easy to read book that I found comforting during my 17 month struggle of TTC. I enjoyed her take on relaxing the body and 
Fierce!!! Ten Stars!!!. Anyone who has sat in class and was just bored stiff with the disjointed , disconnected way of western teaching and rote memorization will love this one. 
Pippi Longstocking. I think Pippi Longstocking is a very creative character. Pippi longstocking has a good imagination. Astrid Lindgren is a good writer, I think some of the author s 
My most treasured book. This book of collected poems is the most treasured book that I own. My copy is absolutely falling apart - I have to keep it in 
Nice Primer. I wish I had bought this book initially.I was pretty new to digital video. I had lots of questions about transferring, capturing analog, audio, and so far this 
About time. I ve read the The Magic Mountain or, going by its original name, Der Zauberberg at least three times. Yet, there are many parts in it that have 
Aside from the humor . . . If one is willing to look aside from the dry substandard humor of the author, they will find one of the best written 
My first graphic novel!. i was given this by a friend of mine, and this what got me really interested in graphic novels. The story is beautiful so dreaming the 
To age gracefully. I found this to be a wonderful book. It s refreshing to hear someone express how age is beautiful and how we should embrace it rather than 
Unlocking Mysteries. This is an excellent book explaining Buddhism s view of life and death. The subject is deep, but the presentation is down to earth and easy to understand. 
125 Brain Games for Baby. This is a great book. It has many easy educational activities for newborns. I haven t found any other book of this type that is 
Wordsworth: Poet of Anxiety. I entirely disagree with the prevailing reviews on The Prelude. We have no other secular poem about the futile search for meaning in a meaningless world 
A great book for group work, and intermediate witches. I wouldn t recommend this book as a manual for absolute beginners - that s what her other book, The Spiral 
Excellent Book on Cultivating Your Intuition. This is one of several books on intuition that I ve read to date, and it s by far one of my favorites!Lynn Robinson 
A balanced, practical book. As a physician who is aware of many of the nutritional issues of interest to vegetarianism veganism, I congratulate the authors for this readable book. The 
Very instructive. The truth is that women can have a threesome much easier than a man. A woman needs to convince one woman; a man has to convince two. This 
a writer with a genius-level i.q. and capable-almost-everything writing!!. every one of mr. flynn s so-called political thrillers is so plausible and so realistic. every one of the his novels, 
Digestible philosophy. When I received this book, I was expecting a more comprehensive survey of Greek thought, but I was nonetheless pleasantly surprised. This very slim book 109 pp is 
This BATMAN is no JOKER. The Art of BATMAN BEGINS is a wonderful look into the making of the film. It has extensive storyboards and costume designs, as well as, 
FANTASTIC. I HIGHLEY RECOMMEND THIS BOOK. IT HAS GREAT EXPLANATION OF A LOT OF THINGS. THIS IS A GREAT BOOK, IT HELPED ME WITH WORK AND ALSO ABOUT FAMILY.THE BOOK 
Basquiat: We hardly Knew Ye. This book runs the gamut between gossip, stories of 80 s excesses, and art history. The book is not so much a biography of Basquiat, 
The Morality of Liberalism. John Rawls is indisputably the most honorable spokesman of political liberalism of the past twenty-five years. His theoretical committment to and devlopment of liberalism is an 
nice and useful. This is a very useful text and reference book for electrical engineers and others who are interested. Its definitely meant for the graduate students and trained engineers 
Americans work too much!. Americans work too much--especially working mothers! I just bought Permission to Play for all of my working mother friends for Christmas. I included an offer to 
These just keep getting better and better!. I absolutely love the Amelia Peabody series, and I m finding that the books just keep getting better and better. This particular book 
What the Clintons have been up to since they left the White House. R. Emmett Tyrell Jr. is not only the founder of The American Spectator, but according to Hillary 
Edge of Your Seat Thriller. There is no disputing that Capote is a God. All of Truman s work is excellent, but this book takes the cake. A page turner 
Balzac at his best. I love Balzac. At his best he soars above the rest of French literature and here he is definitely at his finest. Easy to see why 
A Great Story Well Told. I ve read quite a few of the current slew of books attempting to popularise science in the wake of Dava Sobel s Longitude, but 
A Remarkable Guide To Mental Health. We all behave in ways that mystify us. There are those times when we find ourselves hypercritical and judgmental, or profoundly nurturing, or consumed 
This is the one book you MUST have. Since it was published, I have used this book as the text in my graduate course in networking and telecommuncications management. This 
Unfortunately, it s true. I used to weigh 130-35 and was in great shape. That was after I got out of basic training in the military. Unfortunately, I have Polycystic 
A great survey of the Army that defeated Fascism... The point of this book is that the United States, after watching the first few years of the war, became, itself, 
Boss B tch. There s a new Queen of New York and her name is Zya Miller. After being left destitute when her boyfriend, Jules, is locked up, Zya does 
Wow!. I could not put this book down. Its greatest power is Maria Laurino s honesty. She gives both the &quot;Italian&quot; and &quot;American&quot; part of &quot;Italian-Americans&quot; equal weight, and deals 
Could see this one on the big screen!!. Very well written, fast-moving, intelligent dialogue among the main characters. Very likable heroine at times, though, I could have wrung her neck 
Great. My mother told me to read this book about ten years ago when I was the same age as Carrie. I rarely listened to her, I do now, always 
Good for wannabe animators as well. This book does not really go into serious figure drawing, nothing photo-realistic. And to many, that s a GOOD thing! Finally a book that 
Fantastic book. As a police officer we spend many hours in various forms of training. Some of this training is dedicated to the rules surrounding the use of our department 
Mary Did IT Again. As with all of Mary Emmerling s books, this one is done beautifully. The photography is wonderful, and the text is perfect. I always enjoy her 
Funny, Witty Book. This book has been one of my daughter s favorites for a year. We first got it from the library when she was 6. She loved it 
Dark Magick. Lets start and say right away that this grimoire does not match the power and force in some of the older grimoires. That said, then why do I 
Great book!. Amy Timberlake s Dirty Cowboy is now my favorite picture book. I have started using this as a read aloud for my students at school and they love 
One of the best adult comics ever!. The second installement of the 9 volume Preacher series, Garth Ennis Hellblazer, Punisher and Steve Dillon Punisher, Supreme Power:Nighthawk has out done themselves 
a dramatic first hand account!. I loved it. Galileo was a very opinionated man and he really shines through. I felt like I was looking through his telescope and seeing 
one of the best. This is one of the best books i ve read. The story is captivating, emotionally charged and fast-paced. The reflections the author includes about the meaning 
A must have reference. Keelan Parham shows beginners and experienced artists an excellent approach to the art of drawing caricatures. You ll find this book to be a comprehensive, entertaining, 
A Scholarly Look at Ecclesiastes. This is not a book of light reading, but I was drawn to the title as a possible source of insight in one of the 
The foreword to this book. There are two ways to learn more about your country: you can study it directly by travelling around in it, or you can study it 
Fantastic Read. Alain is a great writer and this is a must read for anyone who has ever questioned Do architects really care Erudite Wonderful Superb.I use several books to 
Masterfully written. I have read few books that are so well written. This book is enjoyable for the story line and the characters, but almost more enjoyable for McCall Smith 
Dated but some things never change. Hollywood is a cesspool of the worst of humanity. Ego, greed, narcissim, hedonism, all of it strains into Hollywood the way lint ends up 
Warm-hearted, witty, and reminiscent of the Paper-bag princess. I Loved this book, and so did my two pre-schoolers. It is a great retelling of Cinderella with a modern slant. Cinder 
Great selection!. I received this book as a gift and at first I thought 100,000 names would be too many to look through, but the lists really helped me narrow 
Karl Marx, the Sepoy Revolt and 4 dried out chapatis!. The Emory University web site http: www.english.emory.edu Bahri Mutiny.html provides the first link when you Google Sepoy Revolt Krishnapur . 
A wonderful collection. I love this book and enjoy reading it to my daughter. She loves it, because she has a sense of reading, having memorized many of the verses. 
Comprehensive study. This is a well written,easy to understand book. Senneff goes to great length to detail information on the subject of peripheral neuropathy. This book is very helpful for 
Usefulness of the Handbook. This handbook is a great asset for any college student that requires a great reference on all types of writing formats in an English course. The 
Katie s Thoughts on A Western Hero. I bought Gene Autry s book after seeing him on the TV show Hee-Ha, way back in the early 80 s. He was 
WHAT THEY FOUGHT FOR discussed on internet newsgroup. James M. McPherson s book, WHAT THEY FOUGHT FOR was thesubject of a two week discussion with the author on theinternet newsgroup 
Those thousand miles become the reader s. It doesn t take long for the reader to get broken in along Fletcher s trail of adventure from the Mexican border of 
The Most Complete Paralegal Job Search &quot;How-to&quot; Available. Andrea Wagner tells you everything you need to know to get your first paralegal job. Everything. This honest and to-the-point book offers 
Rodale was way ahead of his time with this one. I bought this book on a whim when I took a Master Composter class, and it s a fascinating read. 
EASY FUN READ. I found this book to be an easy fun book to read. The main character wanted to change her life - was not quite sure how to 
Autobiography Written by a Great American!. Benjamin Franklin, no matter which way you look at him, was a great American. I love the stories and folktales about him, his life 
&quot;Of Men &amp; Numbers by Jane Muir - A review. This is an ENJOYABLE book. I am not a mathematician, but came across this book by chance while looking for 
awesome map. looks like a really good quality map that will be very useful for our in-canyon backpacking trip  
Great SF even if you re not a War hammer40k fan. A highly skilled team working for the Imperial Inquisition roots out illegal dug smugglers. Sound overdone except the drugs 
accepting the grief after a tsunami. I read this book many years ago, and have been waiting for the right moment to read it to my child. This week, while 
Classic Tale of Moral Centre Lost and Found. Lord Jim has always been on my reading list since I was young. I had read Heart of Darkness three times, Typhoon 
This book is my new bible. This book is a must read for anyone who has lived through being a high performer at work and been shafted at raise time 
Detailed and well researched. I would like to congratulate th author for his in-depth research on Al-Qaeda and the entire plot against the World Trade center. The book is well 
Inspirational!. I found this book to be a wonderful source of ideas for design and technique. The mini quilts were very well photographed and I found the write-ups to be 
Some Fascinating Material. David Lazar is some kind of Renaissance man all his own--his other books include CONVERSATIONS WITH MFK FISHER. Fisher is a talent of such a different sort 
Ever wondered How to Word the Question ?. Karen Lee Thorp has written a very comprehensive guide that is invaluable in understanding techniques for writing Small Group questions. Included are 
A Lovely Book. The Mayor of MacDougal Street is a lovely book, full of wit and full of heart. It is probably partly due to my having lived and worked 
8 Steps to success. Neff and Citrin s eight-point plan to great performance in the first 100 days of a new job makes a lot of sense. The steps won 
Perfect for the Undecided. This book gives a great overall view of Children s Ministry. It helps the reader realize that Children s Ministry isn t just sticking children in 
A Story That Will Stay With You For A Long Time!. Henry is a man that suffers from Chrono-Displacement Disorder where he finds himself thrown to different times in his 
Hey, I liked it!. I don t know what everyone is complaining about, I enjoyed the book. True, I haven t read Capital Crimes yet, so I didn t have 
THE BEST I HAVE READ ON THIS SUBJECT BY FAR. This work is comprehensive, well researched and just as importantly, well written. Not only is the music addressed, but the 
A view into the history of reason. This book was wonderful. It shouldn t be read as a history but more as a philosophy. Even there, it is a bit 
Some good stories, a few misses. Russert has distilled a large number of readers letters into a very readable book. There are a number of truly inspiring stories in this 
Great book on the power of long term friendship. A great book on the power of lifetime friendships. While the focus of the book was Williams, it was great learn 
A book for smart people!. I.F. Stone, a great reporter, told the truth to power without giving it a second thought. Would that the current crop of investigative reporters had 
1 2 Bridget Jones, 1 2 Devil Wears Prada, ALL GOOD!. The Second Assistant was not what I expected - it was far better!At first I thought it would be 
Battersea is the pinnacle of literary perfection. This book in the Wolves Dido series is probably amoung the best. It would be because of A.outstanding characterization B.amusing dialogue C.beautiful British 
A very useful approach for those who want to sleep easy. I find Professor Siegel s research to be very valuable and, while I probably will not follow the tenets 
Creative ideas for camping. This really is a cool book, with all sorts of ideas for cooking in the outdoors, many that I had never thought of, like cooking eggs 
Words of Biblical Wisdom: The Marvels of the Monastic Garden. Monastic Origins:Nothing is more likely than Alexandrian Christianity gained adherents among the Therapeutae, and that their institutions were adapted to 
Captivating!. &quot;Six Characters in Search of an Author&quot; is truly a unique play. For some readers, characters on paper are actual human beings, but once we see them portrayed by 
Buddhist Cultural Studies--Fabulous!. This is not one of your usual run-of-the-mill, watered-down, quacky American dharma books.Mishra does a brilliant job of examining Buddhism in its contemporaneous historical and cultural context, 
Heartfelt look into slave life...... I recently picked up an old copy of Dessa Rose and began to read. Although I found it slow in the very beginning, it became 
Interesting concept. Overall definitely worth reading. I thought there was a little &quot;thesaurus action&quot; here, i.e. using larger words for the impact of the size rather than the story. The 
Great. A great translation of a great man. I would definitly recommend this book for someone getting into Nietzsche. It has his great works The Antichrist being my favorite , 
Brilliant story!!. Michener is a wonderful story teller. His writing style is very detailed with lively characters and settings spanning generations. This book kept me captivated from cover to cover. 
EXCELLENT RESOURCE ON HEAVEN. This is one of the best books I ve ever read on heaven. I would highly recommend it  
Nearly thirty pieces tackling issues from literature to religion and politics. Theodore Dalrymple s Our Culture, What s Left Of It: The Mandarins And The Masses provides a new essay 
A Great Imaginative Book. Olive and her cast of friends prove to be very imaginative in their quest of returning a lost heart. My daughter loves this book and it 
Good Barry, some recycled material. Excellent book, definitely recommended. Only one complaint: there is some recycled material in the book. By recycled material I mean text that was taken out 
The American Pageant Guidebook. The workbook was in perfect condition and arrived in a short period of time. Thanks!  
Covers Everything!. This book covers everything, and it covers it thoroughly and well! I d definitely recommend this book to any new mother.  
An &quot;amazing&quot; book!. This is an excellent children s book. I use it every year in my classroom because my students can identify so well with Grace. There are so 
Good and not so good. I read this book about 20 years ago, but when I picked it up again, I didn t remember a thing about it except that 
A Wonderful Classic. This is a wonderful version of the classic story of the Three Little Kittens . The artwork in this book is very colorful and detailed and exactly 
Pensbybruno. I ordered this book used from a private seller. Not only was the book in the condition promised but it arrived well before the time when I expected it 
Extraordinary. The story of one man who almost single-handedly had an enormous impact on leprosy and diabetes treatment. It revolutionised my ideas about pain and I think it will yours. 
Fabulous book. I bought this book for my 15-year-old nephew, who wants to be an architect. He really loved this book. I thought he might think the pop-up aspect was 
ENJOYABLE!. This last book of the Love Comes Softly series is one of the best ones. The surprise is so unexpected that you go back to read it again and 
My Jesus. How sad to see so many people accusing Jesus of witchcraft, of course this is not unexpected, the scribes and Pharisees did that kind of thing. They accused 
Brilliantly Skewers left-wing cant, fawning references, grandiose quotations, and outright nonsense . Fashionable Nonsense is the funniest book that I have ever read. Sokal s account of post-modern abuses of 
What a great book!!. I am an adult taking college algebra, but I haven t been in a math class in a LOT of years. This book has made a 
A Feminine Take on the Martial Arts. As a Karate ShoDan, I m responsible for instructing a diverse student body. I work with quite a few women and girls at 
A desert thriller. I loved the descriptions of the west Texas terrain, and the tough character of Anna Pidgeon in this unusual mystery. Anna, a park ranger who escaped NYC 
It would be foolish to try and top this. E.B. White s reading of his story, The Trumpet of the Swan, is one of my favorite tapes to listen to 
A great book for up and coming chefs. I am currently in school for my bachelors in culinary and this book is a must have for all students i believe 
Very Well Written But...A little Romance,Please?. I think this book was absolutely fantastic. I read this book first and then I read the others though I still have to read 
I also want to churn some butter. I know this book is packed with theory and is intended to give the readers some insight to the Montessori-style Education Theory. Nevertheless, 
A Return to Form. My book club read The Full Cupboard of Life for our meeting last month, and as I have long been a fan of this series , 
The best business book out there!!!. This is one of the most fascinating business books I have read. It covers the idea of EBay as a perfect market which economically 
An excellent guide for enhancing your strategic exploration!. This is actually the paperback version of Future Edge: Discovering the New Paradigms of Success, by the same author. In fact, both 
The title says it all. Claudia Bloom is a vibrant, imperfect, funny, and unpredictable woman who lands in a strange world and tries desperately to fit in, all while coping 
Katha is definitely correct Pollittically. Since I subscribe to The Nation, I d read almost all of these before. But they are especially good in book format where one gets 
A fresh, original translation. Byrom s translation of the Ashtavakra Gita, a classic Hindu text considered to be written by an enlightened master, is amazing reading. One gets the feeling 
Who needs a professor?. As a busy professional going back to school to earn that overpriced piece of paper we call a B.S., I had no time to BS with 
1st Edition Doesn t Even Mention The Internet. This book has some useful information on finding, buying and selling used books. Be sure to purchase an updated edition of this 
Best thing I ever read!. If you really want to work on your personal and spiritual growth, you will read this book. The author makes it so easy to understand 
Roald Dahl - A surprise within a surprise. Ever since I read his Taste I seem not to get enough of Dahl s stories. Incredible imagination, wit and culture. All 
The best. Having used Elizabeth Zimmermann s Knitting Workshop in knitting classes I have taught, I now bought one for my granddaughter who is trying her hand at teaching knitting. 
Speaking as fellow Platinum Blonde this book was.... Awesome! I loved every page, I read with a desire! This book had so much information on Marilyn Monroe it was scary. 
amazing!. It s unbelievable how Sidney Sheldon draws his characters, I could almost see them and hear them talking. I have read many other novels for Sheldon, this is still 
Master Bardon.....Thanks !!!. Without any doubt, the mental training exercises found inside this great book are the best....period ! This is a must to anyone who aspire to harness the 
Very interesting, but requires some skimming. The thesis of this book is that warfare has always been an aspect of the human condition, and that it was as frequent and 
Great read. Dr McGraw s book is great reading and I would recommend along with Mr Mark Middleton s book; Personal Success and the Bottom Line  
solving life s problems -. After reading this book, I wanted to buy a copy for everyone at Christmas - because it has advice that will help everyone on my 
GOOD BOOK!. Newton Arvin provides an involving overview of Herman Melville s personal life and literary career in this biography, which won the National Book Award in 1950. In contrast 
Great help in preparing law school apps. This is a great general overview, preparation, and reference for working on law school applications. The book provides overview and advice on interviews, 
A lot of excellent detail. This is a very good book for learning the details of implementing the Finite Volume method in Computational Fluid Dynamics. I view it as very 
A brilliant book!. Shuman s book is path-breaking. . . leading the reader, step by step, far into what is possible for local economics. It places power firmly in each 
Great Attitude, Great Information. I wanted to give this a 5 star rating, but it s not one of my few bibles I always refer to. It definitely is a 
A Room with a View is a delightful novel. A Room with a View is a delightful novel by E.M. Forster. Is is a bit of a romance and was 
The Things They Carried. a memoir but also like a series of short stories which flow together seamlessly into almost a dreamlike tale. It is a great read even for 
Bountiful Pots. This book is a manual for vegetable gardening from containers. Smith, an experienced vegetable gardener, noted that many would-be gardeners lack access to garden plots, or find tending 
I liked the book. I am 11 years old. It was fun to send away for stuff in the book. Some stuff costs money, some is free. Nice links to 
 A Superb Overview of our Oriental Roots . Will Durant s Our Oriental Heritage is the first of eleven volumes, which make for his superb macro-history the Story of 
Wonderful. A wonderful little gem of a story. Intelligent and fun to read. I recommend it for any historical fiction fan.  
Two-part harmony. A useful critical book. I am the author. I am unwilling to rate the book, but thought less than 5 stars would show a lack of self-confidence. The 
Moral Issues Abound. EXIT WOUNDS is J.A. Jance s tenth book in the Joanna Brady series and it seems as if she keeps getting better as she racks up the 
Another Hit from Stross. As in his other books - ACCELERANDO, IRON SUNRISE and SINGULARITY SKY, this is a novel of post- Singularity, after the non-biological entity has become conscious 
Compelling and disturbing by turns. Despite the book s setting in the Middle East and the death of the victim by a terrorist bombing, the author has kept politics out 
Heirloom Ribbonwork is a WOW !!. Since I already had Helen s first book I eagerly awaited her new publication. When it arrived I looked through it page by page...not 
Fast Shipper. I got the book within a week of order. The book arrived in great condition. It was a good experience, stress free  
Does just what it promises -- 100 films, each worth renting. Top notch writing, excellent film selection though, weirdly, no Costa Gavras or Kurasowa . Still, this book deserves a 
Last one first. I found this book on a supermarket book rack, read it and loved it. It was the first J.P. Beaumont book I d read, and as a 
Good, But... This is an excellent book which shows how young Christians of all stripes are returning to their theologically conservative roots. I felt that the anecdotal comments from these 
Very Helpful Guide to Publishable Non-Fiction Writing. I really enjoyed this book and recommend it every chance I get. I took a non-fiction memoir writing course a few years ago 
Fantastic study of women s humor. I read this book after seeing the author speak at a local college. She was wonderful! This book totally met my expectations. It s 
TRUTHFUL, HONEST &amp; TEARFUL. I, too, am adopted, so I read this book with great interest. Green s story is similar to mine so I was very engrossed in finding 
A Filial Memoir. From what I ve read about Chinese culture, the ties that bind a family together are one of its strongest and most enforced traditions. Bound Feet and 
Delicious meals. This book is great! It gives a shopping guide with specific brand names to choose while shopping and pages of recipes. I ve tried alot of the meals 
Complex and involving. This is one of a series of books which features Dr.Alex Delaware, a young, handsome and wealthy psychologist. At a rather ritzy party, he meets Sharon, an 
Incredible series. This comic series is a brillant, fun, mind-bending, though-provoking series unlike anything I ve ever seen or read before in any medium. The visual story telling of the 
A MUST HAVE!. Our organization gives this book out in one of our classes that teaches newly promoted or new to the company supervisors how we lead teams. We have 
Learn, Display and Teach Conflict Resolution. As a future teacher, I really found this book to be very useful. The book is very practical, not only will I be able 
The spy business is a rotten apple. To write a long trilogy on the very last months of the DDR from the point of view of the British Secret Services 
Church:Why Bother?. I thought it was well written and thought provoking. Attending church and Bible Study have become an important part of my daily life. I really enjoy Philip Yancy 
Bridge to the Sun. This is the touching true story of an American woman who gets deported with her Japanese husband and their daughter to Japan after the attack on 
Intelligent examination of the overlooked role of violence. Though this book does not have the same power over me as On Revolution had, On Violence is still a very well 
Reviews by Nan Kilar and Bobby Miller. The prince of fire is back in this intriguing story from Daniel Silva. Gabriel Allon is living in Venice, doing his art restoration 
So, so, so FUNNY underdog humor-mean and loving at once-how DOES he do it. There is much love in his writing. Even when his characters are disdaining others, there is 
Resource for building environmentally safe. The book is a timely release as more and more building professionals are revaluating their approach to building for a safer environment. The life cycle 
Cross-cultural Herbal Guide. Indian Herbalogy of North America by Alma R. Hutchens is a helpful reference book for those desiring a greater understanding of cross-cultural applications of herbs. The title 
Left behind series picks up again after a lull. Courtesy of CK2S Kwips and KritiquesNicolae Carpathia continues his reign of terror over the world, destroying any who dare to oppose 
Charming audio, but probably better in text. I recently heard the audio book for this title. The story was pleasant enough, even Charming, if you will. You can see the 
Good Intentions. Bullard, et al. have good intentions in that they want to correct environmental injustice and racism. However, sometimes they are too quick to call racism or get bogged 
An excellent tale of clashing cultures. John Donohue s Deshi is an excellent tale of clashing cultures, an exquisitely flavored and nuanced mystery featuring college professor martial arts expert Connor 
Fitness over Fifty:An Exercise Guide from the National Institute on Aging. The information and exercises displayed in the book are very practical and easy to follow. They are safe for 
Spare the Rod!. It s been said Spare the Rod, Spoil the child these days with the new Gen kids! Sorry, not very true but no Spanking! Playing pranks and 
Face the Fire. Nora Roberts once more hits 10 stars with this trilogy. If you love Roberts, this is one of her finest  
Perfect, really, only one suggestion for someone out there!. Perfect, only it would be great to see more of these kind of calendars so that one could find, for instance, 
Well Written. Extremely well researched and written Triangle is the story of the 1911 fire at the Triangle Shirtwaist Factor that killed 146 workers, most of them young women. David 
A Great Read!. This book is informative, amusing and easy to read. I enjoyed it very much  
Such An Important Work. As someone who does grassroots community work, I found this book to be amazingly helpful and absolutely invaluable. The book articulates so much of that which 
A Favorite for Pre-Schoolers: In the Jamberry tradition. Engaging art work, rhythmic sounds, and a strong beat make this a winner in the pre-schooler crowd. The style is comparable to 
Our Daughter is living proof this works. This book is great and the technique really works. I saw this book on a talk show and decided to try it with 
Particle Physisists Made Accessible. As someone who barely made it through high school physics, I approached this book with some trepidation, but much like Sagan, Gleick gives understandable insight into 
Excllent resource. This book is a must if you are an ambituos DYI r installing a hyrdronic heating system in your home. The book is a text book used for 
A wonderful eggy book!. Animals that lay eggs: a simple subject but a vital biology lesson for young and old alike. Beautiful illustrations drive the point clearly and allows a 
Great Book. This book is helping me and my son to conquer the obstacles that are set in his way. This book is helping him to follow his dreams and 
The only &quot;addition&quot; that is actually healthy!. And that would be reading as many &quot;Star Trek&quot; related books as possible as well as other sci-fi works! Even though I grew 
The title says it all. The numerous apoplectic comments posted for this book have successfully proven the author s point:George W. Bush has indeed driven the liberals insane  
Authentic Brazilian Healers. I read this book in 1977 during a trip to the US. As I see the book here and I read some superficial opinions coming from Randi 
Rocket Mom. Carolina Fernandez has a passion - to get you jump-started as a Rocket Mom. &quot;Rocket Mom&quot; is filled with creative ideas for raising well-rounded children and organizing your 
plenty of information but not for the jargon-shy reader. some facts: dimensions 1.57 x 11.22 x 8.82 inch actually, printed on acid-free paper and made to last, containing 275 articles 
Positive Magic, Marion Weinstein. Marvelous book for anyone interested in the Old Path. Helps one build a solid foundation in their journey  
I would start with another Willis if you have not yet read her. Lincolns Dreams was interesting. I have come to a conclusion about Connie Willis that might not make 
The Song of the Flowers. While The Black Tulip lacks the swashbuckling, derring-do adventures of the other Dumas novels I have read, it is every bit as enjoyable to read.Beginning 
Some useful info and an easy read. A sense of humor and sarcasm guaranteed to make you cringe, a very limited set of cases mainly IT , examples and industry 
An Important Piece of Literature !. As an educator I highly recommend this book to young and old alike. The main characters Casper and Brendan face incredible odds in their 
An EXCELLENT book all the way !!. Mr. Katz is an AMAZING author. Wonderfully well written. A hilarious look at the life and actions of a dog with issues . 
Great for the Boomerang Generation . Brosnon looks deep into peeople s personal experiences to find out how and why they chose their particular lines of work. This book certainly 
Solutions manual. The book is excellent....is there a solutions manual, it would be nice to be able to compare answers  
A Leap of Faith. Danielle Steel writes another interesting novel about a young girl named Marie-Ange who grew up in a beautiful Chateau in France. She is wealthy and well 
Very good book for those who are about to start knitting. Maggie Righetti has a chatty way of explaining things which will make even those of us who do not 
HOLLYWOOD. First of all let me state unequivically, I love Architectual Digest, and this book is a dream for those of us who do. The houses vary, some are opulent, 
A Refreshing Story!. Companions of the Night by Vivan Vande Velde is a refreshing vampire story from the typical vampire genre today. Although it still is, of course, a romance, 
Clear and to the Point, Simply Superb!. I wish I would have had Professor Blum for all my law school classes. This hornbook earned me an A in Contracts my 
Good book, used it to help write a graduate paper. I needed a book that had paranthetical references, and this book had quite a few. Would have loved it if 
Superb Biography of a Dominant 19th Century Industrialist and Philanthropist. The best biography of a 19th century industrialist I have read since the Titan by Chernow almost 10 years ago. 
Superb guide for Southerners who love herbs. This book goes well beyond the typical growing tips of most gardening guides. It fosters an appreciation and joy for herbs: both their 
John Carter of Mars - volume 2 - Warlord of Mars & Thuvia, Maid of Mars. Great reprint of this great classic science fiction fantasy series. Much appreciated. Looking forward 
They really are beautiful!. The cover is misleading, but I, for one wasn t disappointed by the contents: paintings and sculpture, mostly, with a smattering of photos.In the case of 
21 and I still use it. I got this many years ago, and used it a lot. Somewhere in between now and then I lost it. I was going a 
A must for music lovers and VG fans... This screenplay is absolutly wonderful. The movie is one of the greatest ever made. The writing is some of the best in 
Patching solutions for Fedora, Debian and other distributions, covering all kinds of tools and applications. Michael Jang s Linus Patch Management: Keeping Linux Systems Up To Date provides Linux users 
Lyrical. I really enjoyed Greer s most recent novel, The Confessions of Max Tivoli, so I thought I d pick this previous collection of writings after the fact.Some of the 
Lifesaver. This book helps fill in the empty spaces that people, and their families face before, durring, and after treatment. It is a GOOD book to keep handy for reference. 
Understanding this book. I read this book in college. Some previous reader had underlined every appearance of the word &quot;understand&quot; - and for once I was grateful. I suggest you 
The only golf book you will need. I bought 4 highly rated books on the swing from Amazon and after reading the first 3, I could not even hit the 
Across the Known Galaxy. To be sold as a slave must be the most humiliating experience that a self-aware being can face, and Thorby is sold on the auction block 
rosa. I really like this book because it is a romance book and i love all romance books. I really like books that are writen in the old ages. I 
Lectures. This is a collection of lectures given at the LSE. So DON T think it is a history. Nevertheless, it is a comprehensive journey from aristotle s economica thru 
Awesome series!. First in the Emerald O Brian Chintz n China Mysteries and it grabs you from the beginning. If you like a little fright with your mystery, you will 
help for couples needing a guide for married life. Harville Hendricks has written an excellent book that gives couples necessary information that will strengthen their knowledge of themselves and ways 
Excellent Introduction to &quot;Macumba&quot;. Bramly s book is probably the best account by an outsider of &quot;macumba&quot; -- a generic and often pejorative term for Afro-Brazilian religions such as umbanda 
No Race Just Truth. I have heard peopel speak of the author not bing an indian. She is now and she is Native mixed. I know cause I have been 
Wasn t what I thought it would be. My fault. I was thinking this would be a book about places to sell your photography like post cards and bookmarkers or 
Good. I saw the film at a young age. Never forgot it then Oops I wanted to read the book, books are always different than the movie  
Emergence disguised. I agree with most of your reviewers--Laughlin s book is not Nobelstuff. But give a point. It shows a laid back theorist who hasearned his prize already, and 
WOW!. I loved the first two books, but this one is the best yet! Virgina has now grown up. At first I was sad that her teen-years adventures were over, 
Problem solving toolkit book. Book info: I read the 2nd edition that was published in 1997.Pre required knowledge or literature: NoneGeneral: The book is easy to read, although quite often 
a wholistic view of healing...thoughtful and original. This is probably the best work on healing I have read so far; I am now on my third reading and it will 
Great Book. This book has a complete idea for the Power Electronics. Every line has an important meaning in it. Even though we have to read it very carefully. It 
A father s opinion. I bought this book for my daughter and think it s excellent. There are lots of sample problems ranging from easy to difficult. Answers contain explanations 
Great help for my linguistics research!. I found this analytical dictionary very well done and accessible. What is more, it was of great help in my research for my linguistics 
Excellent Star Wars. Ok, so the book starts out a little slow, but I must say that is because the book is written from the first person stand point, the 
My 2006 Favorite, so far... This is quite possibly my favorite read of the year. It s really eye opening to the ways of Afghanistan before all hell broke loose. 
Great Reference. This book is not for the beginner. It is not for someone who doesn t already have a modicum of elementary probability as part of his blood and 
Recommended. This book, You Can Be the Happy Mom of an Empty Nest, is the best I have found on the spiritual aspects of how people &quot;grow up&quot; from worshiping 
Not as expected. I expected this book to offer me assistance in building human forms in clay; that s why I give this book a 4. Instead of advice, I 
A scientific approach to a religious riddle: evil. Anyone interested in grappling with the all the hate in this world and in their own hearts should read this book. Watson 
Fast Paced. This is a great book if you find that you have ADD when it comes to reading. Events happen back to back, and the story moves quickly. Holds 
Required Reading for every President. This should be on the coffee table, magazine rack, bookshelf, and waiting room of every serious national leader. Conscientious voters should also read this in 
Read it!. Does anyone like fiction books, if so this book is for you?The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe are about four kids called Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy 
Insightful!. Say the boss drops dead and suddenly you re the acting boss. Or the company reorganizes, everyone above you is fired and guess who s in charge. Imagine that 
Great insight. It is amazing that two people can read the same book and extract dramatically different concepts.I do not believe that this book was written as a source of 
Swamp Angel. Swamp angel is about a friendly, strong, giant girl; from the South. The conflict of the story is, Tarnation, a giant gorilla is eating up all the food. 
A rich part of this bilingual Canadian s heritage. Volume 5: Land of Black Gold 1951 , Destination Moon 1953 , Explorers on the Moon 1954 . This is the 
Everybody s Normal Till You Get to Know Them. This was one of the best books I have ever read. It isn t one you can pick up and read 
I m good for about one of these every ten years. I don t know how women can read books like this on a regular basis. I was sobbing like 
So funny you will laugh at loud!. Barbara Park the author of this book and the entire Junie B. series has a writing style like no other. Her way of 
Don t Brush This Off. Mark Christopher Weber, artist and author, in his Brushwork Essentials provides the beginner with generous amount of information and examples related to the use of 
Classic theology - Classic literature. John Calvin s Institutes of the Christian Religion is a monumental work that stands among the greatest works of Christian theology and Western literature. It 
VERY HELPFUL BOOK!. We just used this book to help us get through the etiquette that it took to plan our wedding. It was VERY helpful and very easy to 
Permanence At Rest And Motion. Auntie Mame is proteus but within the whirling kaleidoscope of changes is an essential core. She is as sophisticated as Paris and as simple as 
A soulful work by a wonderful man,. this book invites the reader into the imaginal space opened up by grief. It is a space we tend to fear and therefore 
The Optimal Viral Fighter!!. Material in this book convinced me to try the substance. Researching a list of manufacturers in the back of the book, I selected Ameriden. They had 
A Classic. Black Metropolis is perhaps the founding document of African-American studies, a classic work of sociology that still resonates today. It is a paradigmatic expression of the Chicago School 
good motivater. I am a beginner in the real estate world and the book has given me great information on my mission. I would refer this book to anyone starting 
Great book but... Great book but, wasn t what I anticipated. None the less, Steven King classic  
Great book, great format, inspiring down-to-earth examples. I enjoyed the 12 short stories in this book, each one highlighting a businessperson overcoming amazing challenges to become successful or, if they 
Beverly Cleary & Henry Don t Disappoint. I read this book to my 6-yr-old daughter. We loved it. A great opportunity for her to listen to a story and use 
Six Stars is More Like It!. I ve rated this five stars only because you cannot list six. This is the one and only account of the Flood that you 
So worth reading!. This has got to be one of the most fascinating reads ever. It s the kind of book that you put down only so you won t 
As a 38 year old man, I liked it. I listened to the audiobook... I usually become annoyed with books with skip to back story alot. It didn t bother 
Great stuff with wll-blended theory and practical info. I ve been itching to properly learn Javascript for a while and had been doing so with the Javascript Bible. That is 
Short Inspirational Read. I believe this was a nice, short read. I wasn t expecting miracles from this tiny book but I do believe it was a nice, heart-warming story 
Must reading. This is the best book ever written about female serial killers, ever. It s chilling, truly. And what if the person you ve been reading was dishonest? Then 
A masterpiece; the written language at its best!. Why can t you give certain titles 40 stars??? Then again, even that wouldn t be enough. These are wondeful explorations of 
Hermoso libro!. Lleno de ilustraciones color, y algunas en blanco y negro. Me gusta porque es lo que Tolkien imagin para sus obras... eso es lo que lo hace ms 
Great book that shows what hypothyroidism can mimic. I have the older version of this book and it is so good I m sure this one is even better. I 
A well-paced and exciting nautical adventure story. The third novel in the series a fourth is due out soon is the best one yet. An exciting tale alive with history, 
Great Business Person s Book of Networking. Buying this book was the smarted business investment I have ever made. If you are a business person needing to understand your technical 
My Son Loved it!. When I first read the book I did not think that my 3 year old son would like it but he has just loved it. I 
Mike Does It Again!!. This book is another loving tribute to those classic autos that can send shivers up your spine sometimes, they re so cool. I simply cannot see 
Cheese Please. This book will help you to deal with the inevitable changes that come up in life with a much more positive attitude. It enables you to see the 
Very Helpful. I have worked in retail for over seven years in both corporate and small business settings. I m now conducting marketing research for a souvenir shop. I ve 
Sister. SISTER by A. Manette Ansay was a good book. It told about a young Catholic girl and he brother growing up on a farm in Wisconsin. They go through 
John Rhodes: A Time of Civility In Congress. Full Disclure: I ve met J. Brian Smith, author of John Rhodes, Man of the House , a number of times, both 
101 Stories of Courage, Hope and Laughter. Sometimes you fell like life is a total blast, from scoring the winning goal to hanging out with your friends. Yet other times 
A must read for parents of daughters!. I absolutely loved this book. I read it little by little over time and discovered that this book, unlike so many others, is 
Awesome book!. Mary Carol Garrity has writen a book that deserves a place in every home decorator s library! It s easy reading and pictures a lay person can relate 
I ve loved this novel for years ... I read it at least once a year. I love the story, the atmosphere, and the characters--including Andrea, the main character. Many 
A useful contribution on the subject. As a cunnilingus devotee for several years I have bought other books on it both for the pleasure of reading them and any extra 
A Highly Intriguing Book. First of all, let me declare myself to be a Jim Lehrer fan. His novel White Widow forever carves a place for him in American literature. 
Sim Project Review. The Good: The Sim Project is a good tool for people who dont have any project experience whatsoever. It moves the player through the process of resourcing 
riveting amateur sleuth. In Las Vegas, anything goes and usually does. A new reality show is coming to town Teen Idol, a program that involves teens competing in two age 
Great book!. This is an excellent book, not only for the beginer, but also for those who have been studying Shaolin for many years! It is very informative about the 
David Sedaris At His Best. This book marked a departure from Sedaris previous works in that it was mostly a memoir and there was very little fiction in it. David 
Excellent detail and depth. I found this book to be invaluable for learning physiology. It was in-depth and has excellent illustrations. A must-have for the physiology student  
Another winner from a fantastic author. Julie and Romeo Get Lucky by Jeanne Ray is the sequel to Julie and Romeo. Jeanne Ray s writing is so spot-on accurate, sometimes 
The book was inspirational and easy to read. The author uses the example of Gandi s life and leadership to call us to a higher standard of living and leadership. 
Great action in this one. The story line is full of surprises and excellent suspense. The ending isn t up to Peters standards, though. Enjoyable reading none the less  
Great Writing, Thin on Research. Easy to read, well written, a page turner. It also contains a few profound thoughts--namely the four disciplines:1 Build and Maintain a Cohesive Leadership Team2 
Excellent resource--best guide book of these cities. This Fodor s 6th edition is substantially better than the 5th-- chock full of up to date practical info, and the metro maps 
Could even be life changing. I had to read this book for a psychology class and ended up loving it. The book goes through the life cycle and explains the 
Frog and Toad CD Audio Collection. My 6 yr old grandchild listens to it over and over  
For Fans of Pop Minutiae. If you re a fan of the Billboard charts, Joel Whitburn s books are the place to go for research on your favorite artists or 
A beautiful adult fairy tale. I absolutely love this book. Its one of my favorites and I ve reread it several times. Deerskin is such a heartbreakingly tragic character that 
Digging to America. I have an adopted Korean daughter, this book brought back memories, laughter, and coping with people s reaction to adopting a child of a different culture. Highly 
best nutrition resource ever. I bought this book when it was first published, many years ago. Since then, I have probably bought 5 copies. It still remains one of the 
Good outweigh the not-so-good. Jeffrey Ford s The Trentino Kid, starts things off on a slightly creepy note. It s about a guy who has frittered his youth away in 
Essential tool. I work on implementing KM strategy, and always have this book at hand. It is an excellent, practical guide which I couldn t do without. I own many 
Review for The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom A Toltec Wisdom Book . I loved this book, so I bought another to give it as a gift 
You too are called to communion. Called to Communion: Understanding the Church Today starts off with three theology lectures for a course on universal vs. particular Churches for bishops in 
WEDDING GIFT. I bought this for my daughter, but ended up wanting to read it first. Well organized and useful tips. There were alot of helpful suggestions and sometimes you 
Great stories, good points, decent layout. Becoming a better negotiator is in everyone s best interest so when one of my students recommended Power of Nice, I was pretty excited 
The Magnificiant Story of an Indian Girl!. The Rough Face Girl is a beutiful book. It had alot of description and many morals hidden in the words of the book. 
The cowboy life. Cities on the Plain is the final volume in Cormac McCarthy s Border Trilogy, a loosely tied together trio of novels that deal with life along the 
Millenium Madness!. One of the coolest books we ve read in a good while, Norman Cohn s book talks about revolutionary millenarians and mystical anarchists of the middle ages. That 
Wasn t what I expected. The novel was great. I enjoy all of Berg s work. I think her characterization is beyond comparison. I m not sure what happened in 
quite useful. This is not a textbook and not intended to be one. It is a collection of board-type questions with lenghty explanations. I found it quite useful to test 
Awsome. If you love Savage, you will love this one.Nicely done  
Great Book. I thoroughly enjoyed this book from beginning to end. Very relatable drama. The characters felt real and I didn t want the book to end. Not one wasted 
Best Chest Pathology Book on the Market. Excellent Images of pathologies. Expensive but worth the money.  
Another fantastic book by Goodman. This is yet another fantastic book by author Linda Goodman. I have this one among many others. I enjoy her style and learning what I 
Girls, read this now!. I wish I had this book when I was young. I want to give it to every teenage girl growing up in today s twisted world 
A literary masterpiece. Perhpas I m a bit behind the curve here, I mean Shogun has been published for quite some time, but given that I was a young lad 
Great book about design. This book give you a solid base to be a good designer, inside it you can read about theories and principles of design with a lot 
Great for horse lovers everywhere!. I loved this book! It had cool stories about girls and their horses. I love horses and this book told me about what other girls 
Honest and clear reporting - strongly recommended. Gerald Posner is a fine reporter who takes on issues from which others flee. Because he reports without an agenda, those who have 
Gore s Best Book. I could not put this book down. I heard Gore read a section at the Mamagathering in LA this summer. I bought a signed copy from 
Patterson switches up big time. Known for his murder mysteries, Patterson and co-author Andrew Gross decided to try something new and have given us a fun, fast-paced adventure set in 
Shiloh. Shiloh By: Phyllis Reynolds Naylor Copyright Publisher Kirkus Reviews 1991ShilohI think Shiloh is an amazing book because I like to read about dogs. What do you like to read 
O Rourke Is Masterful. Being an avid reader of O Rourke s material, I must say this book is one-of-a-kind. It is written in the style of Oliver Wendell Holmes 
Unbiased book on the subject. The author covers a long period of this one century old conflict. He makes alot of efforst in maintaining an unbiased view of the events, 
The best book available for preparing for surgery. This book contains all the latest information on preparing for surgery and increasing the liklihood of a successful outcome. It is written 
You can t top this one on the subject!. Dr. Morey exposes false views and presents the clear Biblical teaching on Death and the Afterlife. Exceeding that which is writen 
Small, but full of useful information : . I visited NYC for the first time a few weeks ago. I took only three books about this city with me: this 
Disregard David Foley. David Foley s response is typical of the self-important, know-it-all Westerner. Tell any amount of lies about Calcutta to these people as the charity industry does all 
Make time!. Phillip Larkin rocks. When I was a sophmore in college I burned down my dorm room and my copy of High Windows. It was truly tragic. This slim 
Adventuresports Institute Text . I utilize this book as the text for my Winter Adventure Skills course at the Adventuresports Institute of Garrett College. Very entertaining and full of wonderful 
Once in a Life time. This book is a wonderful read. There are times it is a tad slow but it is a literary read and a great great choice. 
If you can t stand the heat... I appreciate Caroline s honesty in this work. She does not attempt to placate anyone and is forthcoming with her beliefs. It is 
Powerful Teaching Resource. Whether you re in elementary or high school, being homeschooled, or run a business, this is the best supplemental text on grammar to have on hand. I 
A rational and a voice with clarity. We see a lot of violence on a daily basis all we need to do is tune in to the news. Most of 
Better than the Left Behind Series. This series is great. The first book and the second, Europa Conspiracy, is awesome. It is a religous Indiana Jones and is action packed. 
there is no question. I treated myself to this book for its relationship with and inclusion of many subjects of my interest: photography, folk & bluegrass music, roots culture, beat 
AGSamantha from Cutchogue by Mary. The Christmas that never was! {Says my sister}. All because of Pearl Harbor, this happened. The story starts in April in 1942 and retraces back 
This book is a very helpful for those who are interested in. This is a very good introduction to steganography and watermarking. The book is well organized. Moreover, many researchers 
Good Crichton, not his best. Intriguing as always, exciting from the first page, strong for the first 2 3rds and less editorializing than usual, but it s just not as 
Excellent, Comprehensive Resource. This work is an excellent overview of Islamic societies. Also, it is highly readable for a history book. Of course, it can get dull at times just 
honestly biased. I just finished reading Terry Eagleton s Literary Theory: an Introduction for the third time in 10 years, and was even more impressed than before. I agree to 
Nancy Drew for adults. If you enjoyed Nancy, Bess, George and Ned as a child you will find comparable delight with Mariah Stewart s books. Moderate suspense, minimal gore, unoffensive 
The Ugly Duckling. I read the book The Ugly duckling by Jerry Pinkney.The book is about a ugly duckling,everyone is mean to him. One day he got fed up with 
Stunning Short Stories from Stephen King... Everything s Eventual, 7.99 US by Stephen King, should be required reading in all university writing courses. The fourteen stories in this specific anthology 
One of the Best books out on Palmistry. This book is well thought out and explained. The art of palmistry is often complicated to explain, but this book takes the 
Biotech Needs The ImmorTalist Manifesto . Brian Alexander mentions The ImmorTalist Manifesto by Elixxir also on Amazon in his book. And rightly calls it a classic. What is lacking so 
Excellent Tips for Conscious Dating. Conscious Dating is filled with excellent tips and advise for consciously choosing a partner. It takes you through the process step by step. I highly 
This is a book you ll want to read again and again. You ll feel like you just had a scintillating dinner conversation with some of the top players in 
Strange flowers In Spanish . La experiencia surrealista toma lugar en la ciudad que Aragon la reconstruye estticamente en una potica de la fragmentacin. La imaginacin de la ciudad no 
Proof That Angels Walk the Earth. Angel or madman? Hero or heretic? &quot;In Your Face&quot; is the riveting true-life story of one of the bravest men in America. As hair-raising 
Beautiful!!!. This is a collection of lots of different knitters shawls, it is NOT all Meg Swansen shawls,so for this reazon is a GREAT book, with beautiful and delicate shawls, 
A good mystery for Victorian lit lovers. I really liked this book. It had a romantic appeal and vivid, memorable characters. The plot was also fantastic. Wilkie wrapped up everything 
Intriguing and perplexing in equal measure. I very much enjoyed reading this book. It is a biographical account of one mans experience as he moves from a position of ignorance 
As a new Breeder I loved it!!. As a very new cat breeder I found this an excellent book packed with loads of great, practical info laid out in a 
Letters of the Century : America, 1900-1999. Letters is an excellent read. Very insightful, provokes thought and is intellectually stimulating. The chosen letters are excellent chronicles of time and most 
Highly Recommended!. Visit any healthy manufacturing operation and you ll see a buzz of bewildering activity - parts being moved on overhead cranes, raw materials being wheeled in, line operators 
Puzzle Book, couldn t put it down!. Holes is just like a puzzle book. You learn more as you read. And you put the pieces together as you learn. When 
Thanks for your Words of Wisdom. I am a working mother of 2 small children and have very little time to read. I was very pleased when I opened the 
A Need to Read. This is a reveling look into an almost invisible aspect of black society that has been around for ages, and I for one am impressed. True, 
Great Book for Introverts. I bought this book after a lifetime of feeling different from everyone because I would rather spend time alone than in social situations. No, I didn 
A Hero Is Born. After watching Daniel Craig s Bond debut, the most compelling action movie I ve seen in years, I felt the urge to go back and reread 
God is not the instigator of trouble in our life, but he does make good on his promise to see us through these trails. I don t normally do book 
The best book of its type around. This is a superb book. I am reluctantly parting with a copy on ebay.co.uk now. This really is a unique work  
Worth spending a lot of time with. I had this from the library and now I want a copy, so I can go slowly through the meditative practices described. I 
A haunting story about love and full of mystery. This book surprised me in that I enjoyed it so much. I mean I have always loved King s work but 
How Haiku SHOULD have been taught in school... This book really helped me as both a reader and writer of poetry. Through the author I was able to understand the 
Great resource for the professional on the field!. Firstly I d like to say hello to Jim, I had the pleasure of attending a personal workshop by the man himself 
Keeps You Guessing Til the End. In this involving and complicated story, David Baldacci covers everything from drug dealing, to cults, to the FBI, to pyschoanalyis and hypnotism. There s 
Book Review. I love these books about the Professor. I listen to them in my car over and over. The finer points of sausage doge is also very good about 
peristaltic reflex or peristaltic cognition?. This has been a challenging book to read, but well worth the effort. It is a peculiar mix of memoir and introductory textbook on the 
Very Respectable. Dr. Ornish is a very respectable name in the cardiology field. In my line of work, I look to promote my cardiologists who are based in four major 
Something Like A Review. One of the greatest pleasures imaginable is to investigate a body of cinematic work, and then, to learn about its creator from his own persepective on 
If you are only going to read one book on conservation and ecology... ...this is it! If you ever been frustrated by people who love nature but don t understand 
Organization could be tweaked. Don t get me wrong, I still think the book deserves 5 stars for doing a grade-A presentation of material --- topics are presented clearly and 
True, Fascinating Story. Every boy dreams about owning their own animal. Robert Peck s dream comes true when he receives a pig for helping a neighbor, but while growing up 
~.~I love this book~.~. I love this book to death!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i ve NEVER read a book beter than The Witch of Blackbird Pond! I discovered it in my school library & 
The best learning tool ever. I bought this book for my daughter going into kinder. After reading this book together about three times in one sitting she learned how to 
Lonesome Traveler is a completely unique experience. On the Road instantly became my favorite book after reading it a short time ago, and of course it prompted me to read 
The Stranger. The book was good. It s a quick read. Keep in mind this isn t a book that tells you the secrets of magic, but it teaches you 
Very interesting pictures. I purchased this book for my Art History class. Very interesting pictures along with non-boring texts. I really like the accompanied CD as it has all pictures 
A very informative and enjoyable book, but author makes some irresponsible choices that can be hard to stomach. I am a huge fan of the kind of travel writing that 
Lovable Book!. This is a very reassuring book to readers that we all experience different feelings and emotions, and we also experience different perspectives on things happening around us. While 
Response to other reviews. Alright, seeing &quot;this book should be on the shelf next to Roger Penrose s The Emperor s New Mind and James Gleick s Chaos &quot;, and 
A Satisfying Read. This book was a valued companion during my commutes to and from work late this summer,and I enjoyed it immensely. Meade s Dorothy Parker biography, What Fresh 
Excellent!. This is an outstanding book I would recommend for young readers as well as their parents. I read it for a grad school language arts education class and cried 
Fantastic Reference Book. This book s finest and most invaluable quality is that not only does it explain the many hazards modern living has bestowed but it also gives you 
Musings on a broken-spined hardcover. My copy is nearing 25 yrs old and shows the wear and tear of living in backpacks, suitcases, briefcases and brown paper bags. This compendium 
Helpful Guide to the Big Move to Nevada. This author covers the essential aspects one must deal with in considering and making a move to the Las Vegas area. I 
This soldier s favorite book. If you read one murder novel in the rest of your life, read Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoyevsky. It s only 500 pages but 
SNOBS: AN UTTERLY GOBSMACKING READ!. As soon as I read a review for this book, I knew I would love it and it was immediately added to my Amazon Wish 
A fair and honest look at kookdom. If Ivan Stang s &quot;High Weirdness By Mail&quot; offered a glimpse into the world of kooks, crackpots, and the fringe, then Donna Koosy 
A fast fun read with scary insight into the world of LA!. If you like gossip, star or US magazine or anything like that, you need this book. If you 
A Great Read. I am an avid reader of True Crime and eagerly awaited John Glatt s new book, having read about the Jonathan Nyce case in the New York 
Naked Kerouac. This book is powerful and honest. Coming out in the same year as Burroughs Naked Lunch the two works bear many striking similaruites. Compared to the other works 
Great for building your plan. I bought this book, and then purchased the Electronic Worksheets from the publisher! They are great together, and both really helped get the plan started 
Another Top Reacher. Lee Child continues to grow the Reacher mythos, and delivers another excellent story  
Monkey Business. Diamonds have held man s fascination from antiquity. Though its brilliance and hardness are widely known, its electrical properties are not. Michael Crichton uses a quest for blue 
The best one-volume history of the war. One-volume histories of World War II are about a dime a dozen. Most of them seem to have the words Cambridge or Oxford 
monumental, weird, funny, sobering. That the author won the Nobel may suade the reader one way or another. But as this work is what got him the prize, which to 
One Hour Orgasm. Despite its sensational title, this is a book about clear communications. An essential for couples one book per person, please it contains exercises to be done first 
One of McMillan s best. Marilyn Grimes, a 44-year-old housewife with three grown children, is bored with her life. Although her husband Leon is successful and has given her everything 
Standard translation of landmark text. Note: this is the edition I m familiar with, but it s out of print. There are new editions both with this translation and newer 
An Important Piece of Literature !. As an educator I highly recommend this book to young and old alike. The main characters Casper and Brendan face incredible odds in their 
silent hill4 the easy way. this book is very helpful in completing the game you don t spend hours running around in circles or opening the wrong doors to lead 
Perhaps a Personal Bias. Between Planets is yet another suberb Heinlein classic, one that doesn t leave you hanging in the middle as much as some of his works. The 
Anthony Bloom was born to write this book!!. First I would like to say a big THANK YOU to Archbishop Anthony Bloom for writing this book! It is an EXCELLENT 
petrisko is an exellent writer. tom petrisko has a unique way of telling what he has heard, the stories of the visionaries,the apparitions of the people, he captures the heart 
The Secret Life of Bees. The era and the setting of the novel was something I could relate to. Growing up in the 60 s and 70 s and knew 
Surprisingly modern-- politics, greed, and darkness. In his apt introduction, Martin Seymour-Smith opines that Nostromo is the best Latin American novel written in the English language. While these sorts of 
Holy Grail has failed. The computerization and digital signal processing development let improve classical indicators essentially due to application of modern methods of information processing to prices. Indicators began to 
Great for young dino lovers. This series is great! I have a 2-year-old nephew who loves dinosaurs right now. This was an entertaining book for the both of us.  
Thank You, Mr. Bassani!. William Weaver s translation of Giorgio Bassani s novel is as faultless as a perfect tennis match played at high noon on a glorious spring day. 
Wondeful fun!. I read this to my 20 month old almost every night. He loves the fabulous illustrations and the silly rhymes, and of course we add all the animal 
Good grasp of 3rd world, struggles of natural world. Written in the style of the screenplay, Peter Matthiessen mixes poetry and realism. It is easy to see, although somewhat confusing 
Beautiful painted pop-ups -- great fun!. I love the accurate architectural recreations of the great monuments of Washington, D.C. -- especially the main pop-up of the White House itself, rising 
Another view of JFK. Most of Kennedy s biographers fall into two camps; hagiographers like Goodwin and Schlesinger and dozens of others, or much more honest examinations of the character 
Wonderful! Excellent! I can use it in many ways!!. This is the one. Excellent ideas, simple to use, a variety of styles to present stories, and activities . It really 
Refreshing Viewpoints in an Old Debate. The debate surrounding Shakespeare s Sonnets has raged on for a long time, and much of the scholarship on them has remained nebulous, repetitive, 
A defence of the high culture. The author starts by giving a definition of the concept of culture and states his intention to pursue an archaeological method in studying his 
The Coalwood Way. Awesome! Homer follows his Rocket Boys book with, as a friend of mine put it, a WONDERFUL Christmas story! Definitely a great read  
An Early Jeffery Deaver Tale That Is Wonderful!. This is a fascinating and intriguing novel with more than one plot twist and surprise! If you are a Deaver fan, I 
A MUST for everyone!. Talk about a wake-up call. I m 30 years-old and feel like this book taught me more about relationships men vs. women mentality in 1 hour 
A Beautiful and Haunting Tale. This is a beautiful story about an idyllic childhood and the loss of innocence. The Kite Runner follows the story of Amir, the son of 
Part 1 of a roller coaster ride of a trilogy - GREAT!. Black begins The Circle Trilogy by Ted Dekker. Man what a mind this guy has.I wasn t sure 
Absolutely fascinating stories. This is that rare history book that can keep one up late, utterly unable to wait til the next day for the end of the story. Kerber 
It s the best book in the whole wid world. Many people of all ages will like this book, Shiloh Season. If you like the book look through and look 
Exceptional Read. This book has been around as long as I ve been alive and I have read it several times. Of all religious centered books that I have read, 
Endorsed by the powers and professionalism of the American Kennel Club. More than a million copies of this reference classic s prior editions have been sold, so if this updated 
nurturing concepts for all creative genres. It was a an Italian virtuoso contrabassist who told me to read these Lectures. Stefano plays all the arduously difficult new music literature for 
So Funny!. This book was so funny! I would be sitting somewhere and just start laughing out loud thinking about something funny from the book. I loved it from start 
A non-scholarly review. I really have the feeling that I am not knowledgable enough about the period in question in the Thucydides to provide any kind of reasonable context for 
A TREAT WHEN YOU EAT !. I like this book very much ! I followed this diet with a friend and she an I were trying to lose weight . 
Life changing. Timeless. As relevant now as what it was when it was written. Addresses the issues of hate and indifference and argues that the solution is love. Love does 
The joy is in the footnotes. As a religious reader of Simmons stuff online, I was sketpical about buying this book. The extensive footnotes, however, which contain added jokes, exponential 
Delicious!. At turns stunning, steamy and poignant, Try is a multifaceted gem. Daryl Heatherly is a nuanced and realistic protaganist, and her lover JW is an appealingly calloused New West 
A MUST READ for Creative People!. I stumbled across this great little book and loved every minute of reading it! For anyone struggling to live their life more creatively, be 
Good for Christmas -- serious or fun. This has almost all the songs and carols you could want, both sacred and secular. Plus some extras I ve never heard of 
BAM - that s how I feel!. A must for those in the depths of life s hell. I began what I believe to be my mid-life crisis a few 
On the right Frequency. In the John Grisham catalogue, The Street Lawyer is viewed as one of his lesser works. I am surprised as it impacts me the most, and 
quck, interesting read. Although there is no doubt in my mind that Patton is one of the most brilliant generals of 20th century USA, Blumenson seems to be a bit 
H.P.B. s Magnum Opus. Blavatsky was an incredible mystic and probably the best known Theosophist. The Secret Doctrine is such an incredible work. Although some parts may seem to be 
Moccasin Trail. I really liked this book because it was full of adventure, and a little mystery. The book is about a boy named Jim who gets a letter from 
Good start for a great series. Unfortunately this was not my first VI book but fortunately I enjoyed &quot;Killing Orders&quot; and &quot;Bitter Medicine&quot; enough to look further. I was not 
The first true report. It is remarkable that in all the years of Playboy, this is the first book by someone who really wanted to be and was equipped to 
Scared Out of My Mind. Brandon Massey is one of my favorite authors. I ve actually had the pleasure of meeting him at a booksigning in Atlanta sponsored by Booking 
More relevant today than ever. Reading Tuchman these days, she seems eerily prophetic. The War in Iraq is classic folly--the pursuit of policy contrary to a nation s self-interest. The 
A BEAUTIFULLY WRITTEN BOOK. Talk Before Sleep tells the story of five friends, one of whom, Ruth, is dying of cancer. Her best friend, Ann, puts her own family on 
Great Primer, Great Research. Meticulously documented, supported by great quotes from the players, Calloway s book may be a tad dry, but it is long on data, insight and perspective. 
It must be good; university libraries don t have it. Reckon I ll have to put out good money for this book. University of Maryland doesn t carry it, nor 
29 years of cooking heaven. I was told about this book in 1976 from English friends living in Indonesia. They swore it was the real thing. We had lived in 
Early King Still Some of The Best. I wanted to re-read Salems Lot for some time, and finally did so recently. Imagine my surprise when I discovered how good it 
A hard act to follow. Where could Simpson go from here? Hardly almost kill himself again & write another! Well it could be worse, making a living being a guest 
Recipes are not quite right. I have an older edition of this book that was given to me, so maybe it s not the same with the new edition, but 
Rich and meaningful. This book is rich in illustration and in story. The book resonates like a powerful drum beat. The author tells a tale that seems passed from generation 
Don t Try This at Home. Love this book!! Really cool idea with the photo booth but book is more about text than just photos. Highly recommend  
Leaf Man. Great Fall book. Illustrations are beautiful, typical of Lois Ehlert books!Kids love the different creatures formed by leaves in this book. It s a wonderful book to use 
brilliant beginning but better stuff to follow. At the time of its first appearance in 1985 Between Men was viewed as an important intervention into Feminist as well as Gay 
A must if you want to understand Yugoslavia. This is the sixth book I ve read about Yugoslavia since we bombed Belgrade this spring. It should have been the first. 
a great find. After reading Queen of Camelot, I couldn t wait for the Grail Prince to come out. McKenzie handles this difficult Arthurian legend with grace and sympathy, making 
A very readable and enlightening history. Overall, this is a very good history of modern Africa. While a lengthy 800 pages book, The Fate of Africa has a flowing narrative 
Great book. This book offers excellent advice on how to profit in the pet business. Patti Moran knows the business and covers the bases well. This is a must read 
Another Great Book on Miles. not many Artists are that interesting where you want too read any book you see on them.but Miles Davis was not just any other Cat.the 
Excellent book on child OCD. Dr. Wagner manages to present a wealth of information about childhood OCD in an easy-to-read guide for parents of children with OCD. She also manages 
Vibrant childhood memories of this one. Love this book... Can t wait to get the new version of it when it is reprinted  
Objective and informative. When compared to American Foreign Policy Since World War II which I reviewed in an earlier post, this book is preferable. It is clearly more objective and 
Well worth the read!. In his preface, author Young states: Parents, teachers, coaches, business supervisors, religious authorities, authors and critics of all sorts, inadvertently or not, have been responsible for 
I Sing Your Praises. This book was nothing less than a page turner. Mark Plotkin weaves his tale of adventure and peril of Suriname with a style unsuspected of a 
cover picture. I was very disappointed when I got my book and on the cover wasn t the 1937 Harley as it showed when I ordered it, but an Indian. 
Good resource for inclusion - it gets the kids talking. When I first read this book I was not crazy about it; I tend not to like books directed at 
A need to buy for poeple who want to learn about computers. This is a great book to read! I thought that I knew computers, but reading this book I 
Comic Art. This book was so impressive we were glad we bought it for our friend! She loves it, and didn t put it down all day after receiving it 
Simple Inspirational. The book and the DVD changed my life what an inspirational story  
Best One Yet!. Mr. Rosenbaum,I have enjoyed all your books but this is the Best One Yet. You keep getting better as a writer and the addition of the drawings 
An epic journey. The poem of Piers the Ploughman is often considered to be anonymously composed, as the name William Langland was less an authorial designation as it was an 
Excelent Shortwave Radio Guide. This publication is the best shortwave radio guide that I have come across. Super reports on various shortwave radios that are on the market, giving you 
Really quite thought provoking... all parents should read this and do what they can to foster real play in their children. This book makes me realize just how many plastic 
Another Brilliant Book by Patricia Hill Collins. This is another breakout of brilliance from Patricia Hill Collins. Collins has broken to a new level of analysis of the intersections of 
Straight into the mind and heart of the Valentino Rossi we know and love. This book brings us straight back to his days as a child, a teenager, and a 
I love these Fandex Guides!. A fantastic &quot;quick &amp; dirty&quot; reference tool! The PERFECT aid for persons in the online auction selling business. For example, I had a lovely antique 
simply phenomenal. A truly clear and most interesting dicourse on the Seven-Point Mind Training Method of Buddhism. Compared to HH The Dalai Lama and Geshe Kelsang Gyatso s discourses Chekawa 
An ideology that threatens progressive western civilization. An extremely important book. Every American should read this book, especially government policy-makers, so that lessons can be learned and our enemies better 
Thought Provoking. I ve been one to dabble in quantum physics on and off in the theoretical field for a good part of my life. Toben and Wolf s book 
Good, heartfelt advice. After reading some of the other reviews, I was expecting this book to read like a Cancer Treatment Centers of America infomercial, but my mom was recently 
Beautiful. I found this book for my little girl, after discovering a Dinosaur and Shark book for my son. It is so beautiful I sat in awe for about 30 
Great Book about a Great person that society is... ...FOREVER INDEBTED TO!!This book takes you back to what John Walsh s life was before America s Most Wanted , the 
A good book. I m an unemplyed agronomist and I live in Brazil.I bought this good book by Amazon.This boook is good and full of informations.The problem of this book 
My daughters love these tapes. My daughters, ages 9 and 5, frequently listen to these books on tape as they go to sleep. The Junie B. stories are very amusingly 
A good book. I admit, it took me about 2 weeks to read this book, but it was good. Jane is a very defined character, and although some of what 
Charming, heartwarming book. I loved this book as a child, and now, as a first year teacher, i plan to use this book in my classroom. The book is informative 
Another great poem by Ed Sanders. Sanders has perfected a unique style of narrative poetry. This book tells the story of Ginsberg s life as a private citizen and as 
All the things my mother never taught me!. This book gives such simple advice - information that intuitively we once probably knew, but as busy adult women seem to have 
Great basic SciFi. This is a great collection of basic Heinlein SciFi. The title story is about basic jealousy surrounded by miscommunication and the physics of living on the moon. 
If you are entangled... Excellent book that revisits a message told many a times about taking things easy and appreciating what you have in life.I had been going through a 
Great!. I love all the David Shannon books and this one as I learned was written before the David books- doesn t fail! He s a very entertaining writer and 
great theology. Boy did the first reviewer have a axe to grind! Longman rates this commentary five stars. He states that it is a very sensitive theological reading that also 
goes great with Little People Nativity Scene. I bought this book for my 18 month old last Christmas. She enjoyed listening to the rhymes and even learned to say Baby 
A superb reference and resource. Understanding May Sarton is a comprehensive study of the poetry, fiction, and memoirs of May Sarton, a pioneering feminist whose literary works were underappreciated during 
Not Flynn s Best. While this book is good--it is not as good as Flynn s previous books. Does give good background on the Middle East and Special Forces. Vince 
Great Examination of Disease and History. In Arno Karlen s &quot;Man and Microbes&quot;, history is approached through the relationship of disease to mankind, starting with the first humans to the 
one of the modern books I ever read. When I read this book, I knew very little of Pakistan s history. And that doesn t matter one bit.Even without knowledge 
Well worth wading through. This large but highly readable work covers the history and context of emerging or re-emerging communicable diseases affecting the world today. As a physician with a 
Must read. Having two teenagers, one of each sex, I found this book extremely insightful. It explains why they act the way they do, and tells how to handle these 
great for cultural appropriateness but needs a proof reader!. This book has insightful and accurate reviews of culture and cultural appropriateness; however if you buy the book don t trust 
An excellent comprehensive guide. Stencilers who want a complete handbook to the art, from choosing between materials and tools to understanding paint differences, glazes, and equipment, will find The Complete 
Wonderful!. The book is amazing. I loved Mishima s language--his descriptions paint such a vivid picture in one s mind; the best part is his constant scrutiny of his feelings 
Review of Harriet Tubman s Underground Railroad in the Sky. The story of the Underground Railroad is presented in a magical, yet understandable way for primary school children. Cassie and 
Will help in your practice of yoga. Have been going to hot yoga classes 4-5 days a week for the past three months, so you can classify me as a 
A Classic. I read this book several dozen times when I was a kid, vicariously living my dream of making it in the wild. Some kids are bored with it 
The essential Emerson. This edition contains many good pieces of writing by Emerson. Emerson is a philosophical and poetic thinker. This means his poetry is often philosophical and his philosophy 
Will keep the little ones busy with lots of ideas. I am ordering this book, my current volume of this book is from the library. This is an excellent book. 
A Good Man s Long Journey. John Tyree is a soldier first, a man second. Or so he thinks until he meets Savannah Lynn Curtis. While on leave, he falls 
This is what a guide book should be like. Well organized and full of details. Tom Stienstra enjoys the outdoors. His years of camping experience provide details on what there 
Nice Introduction to Jefferson. Jefferson is of course an icon of our founding. This book sketches his life from birth to death focusing on those aspects that pertain to establishing 
Mary Anne is Hero!. I thought this was a pretty good book, but when they fight over who gets to baby sit Lucy Newton that s what I didn t 
Beg steal or borrow!!. GARDENING BY MAIL Now on its 5th edition Barbara J Barton s book is just about the most comprehensive directory of gardening resources available. My copy 
Pure Genius!. This is pure genius at work. I bow my head in awe. This is not recommended reading, this is the kind of book you MUST read if you 
A wonderful series and book. In response to the Publishers Weekly Report. It is a FANTASY EPIC! It is not something you would want to read if you have the 
Fascinating, albeit incomplete. ReOrient is one the most important works of the last decade in that it not only challenges a dominant perspective in Western social science but it also 
bible. really like the book its about time this type of bible came out, Iam not a believing christian and read it for its literary art. A great book of 
Wow. This is one of my favorite in the series so far. The characters are well developed proportional to their respective roles. Also, this book develops the overall series plot 
A good book for novices. Although it is a little bit old and there are so many other books on the subject, I still think that it is one of 
Incredible Story!! Highly recommended...the trials that man can endure are AMAZING!. This story was incredible! Some of the things these men had to do to survive were truly inhuman and 
It s a Text Book. It was very helpful to complete my assignments. Plus with an online class you have to really have the book or you ll be lost. 
A Life Changer. Like many other reviewers, I am rating this book as high as I can because it actually changed my life--it gave me a new way of looking 
Mark Twain at his best!. I ve been reading a lot of classic literature recently, and I also recently saw the Mississippi River for the first time...so this book seemed 
Great book from a Canadian Couple. This is a really great book, with good information, and easy to read format. One of the best parts of this book, is that 
A welcome and recommended addition to community library fiction shelves. Second Honeymoon by Joanna Trollope is the tale of Edie Boyd whose her youngest child, Ben, leaves home to create 
Moving story of Injustice and Imprisonment. Author Bernard Malamud 1914-1986 won the 1967 Pulitzer Prize for this stunning portrayal of injustice, prejudice, and false imprisonment. Yakov Bok is a poor 
Absolute must-read!. Curious minds that have delighted in games will love this book! I adored the compilation of shared thoughts from Who s Who in game design. Aesthetically, the book 
A Masterpiece In It s Own Time. This book was one of the most addicting page-turners I have yet to pick up. It s lesson on life is adamant throughout 
This is the one marriage book everyone should read!. I learned more about building and maintaining a happy marriage from this book than from all the other marriage books I 
Interesting but not so practicle. I actually use asset allocation in my investing strategy. [...]The author goes over some complex concepts to show how to develop a protfolio that maximizes 
Gently humorous. This book is the last book written by James Herriot - actually James Alfred Wight 1916-95 . James, a native of Glasgow, Scotland, qualified as a veterinarian at 
Fascinating, useful, and well-written!. ... This is a great history of social entrepreneurs, military leaders, and other great strategists who figured out how to get what they wanted. Great short 
Incredible. This book confirmed my feeling that David Muench is, for lack of a better description, the Ansel Adams of color photography. I already owned his Appalachian Trail book, &quot;Uncommon 
Going to the chapel and we re gonna get married!. Though married for 25 years and still honeymooning I can still recall the major effort that went into planning my 
Not quite as educational as advertised. The dust jacket for this book, which you can view here on amazon by clicking Search inside this book advertises: This translation has been 
18 museums in color on glossy paper. Hundreds of illustrations: mostly color photos, but also plans, sections, hard line presentation drawings, renderings, etc. in beautiful colors or B&W on glossy 
A delight for its demographic. For book-loving audiences, this is an almost perfect entertainment. This story of six Jane Austen enthusiasts five women and one man whose lives intersect and 
Excellent, unbiased and well-documented overview. This book was on the syllabus of Professor Zachary Lockman s course on Israel and Palestine at Harvard, where I first learned of it. It 
Rebus Versus The Wolfman. I m baaaaaack!After reading the first Rebus novel Knots and Crosses , I knew I d continue to read the rest of Ian Rankin s excellent 
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!. This book is on of the best books i have ever read. It takes the story of a young modern woman and tells you how she can change 
This is the book I wish I d had when I was a hiring manager. If you want to increase your ability to attract and hire people who will help 
Unexpected Twist. As you can imagine, things didn t exactly turn out as he d expected. Heggstad s first day into Columbia, he s kidnapped by rebels and held captive 
Enlightening. I never realized just how bad things were in the Muslim world until I read this book. This book gives a very detailed and personal account of the problems 
A well-written and illustrated story!. Sam and Victoria s mother makes a dozen cookies to share. Then the doorbell rings and two friends arrive. Now the cookies must be divided 
He answers just like he writes. Let s face it: If you like Bukowski Hank, for those who really adore him , nothing is too much. You probably have already 
An Valuable Resource for Teachers and Parents. Author Carol Peterson has created a winner in this guide to creating living history events for children. Peterson takes three historical themes--ancient cultures, 
I read every page. This book is a great reference book, and also a great read. I read every page of the book and created a careful outline of it 
Captivating story of trends in development thinking. Mallaby tells a fine story that achieves a balance between good storytelling and insightful analysis. He discusses several questions: 1 What have been 
funny, insightful story of growing older and wiser at age 15. Moonbeam Dawson does not like the hippie name his mother gave him. It says more about her than who 
Excellent!. I absolutely loved this sequel to Something Borrowed. Just as good as the first in my opinion.  
Exactly what we need in the Arab world. One question seemed to have dominated American policy-makers and elites in the wake of september 11: How can we make people in 
Great review or opportunity to learn in advance. We ve used the Summer Bridge series for 4 years with our kids and love the product. The series covers math, reading, 
A new review-dotting the is. I made an earlier jokingly one-liner that does not justice to the book- or to Lenin. What I think should looked for in this book 
A must-have for Ford fans-and any film library. I ve just finished this, and I have to agree with a critic who reviewed &quot;About John Ford&quot; for the Times of 
A unique and welcome new style of artbook. This new edition of History Of The Poster by Josef Muller-Brockmann 1914-1996 brings back into print a seminal work originally published in 
French Politics Philosophy and the Industrial Age. This a classic, certainly a novel of high standard amongst the famous French writers of the time period of pre- and industrial age. 
A Very Intriguing Story with Interesting Characters That Are Real. Paddy Meehan worked the night shift at the Scottish Daily News. She hoped to someday get a break in her 
How Christianity Changed the World. This book exposes the truth behind the institutions of compassion and education that secularism has conveniently eliminated from the pages of history.Knowing these truths opens 
Kim Stanley, the Complicated Best There Was. About time someone had the fortitude to dig deep for information about Kim Stanley, one of the greatest actresses of the 20th century.In 
Packed with quick recipes for busy cooks. The third edition of this guide is packed with quick recipes for busy cooks, showing how to make meals without a lot of 
Great for online trivia games!!!. I spend alot of time reading questions online i.e. paltalk . I ve used this book among others and find that the subjects are conveniently 
For Former High School Players. If you have ever played high school football under the lights, you will enjoy this book. When I started the book I realized it was 
Facinating!. I can t believe I didn t know anything about this time in US History before. The Chicago fair as background to a serial killer is facinating. This book 
awesome!!!!!!. I am very pleased with the contents of the book, my vietnam veteran friends alsowere happy to find out about this book....  
Mature Moorcock. Mike just gets better and better. The themes of the mulitverse, law and chaos and the philosophies there in are wonderfully laid inside the dialog of this fast 
I actually give this book 10 stars... . This book is a MUST HAVE for anyone planning a trip to Walt Disney World. It is jam-packed full of all the 
A Lexicon Fit for Years of Study. This lexicon is invaluable for doing Greek word studies.As a layman struggling to teach myself Greek, I find it a great place from 
Incredible!. Welcome to the Monkey House is one of the best collections of short stories to date. It is an incredible read  
Essential reading for law enforcement. This book depicts a geniune need in law enforcement. The need to hire, train, and maintain ethical personnel is explained and stressed to the reader 
The Best of The Simpsons Books. From an academic perspective, David Arnold et al s book is amusing, but too lite on theory at times, with non-media-scholars coming to grand 
Religious but provides almost scientific breakdown of anger. I m not a very religious person but his book broke down anger and all the aspects about anger in such a 
Brilliant essays on collecting. There are a number of essays in this book that makes it worth reading. My favorites are:1. The System of Collecting by Jean Baudrillard - collections 
A Classic of Worship and Devotion. As an evangelical who has recently come home to the historical liturgical church this book has truly been a gift from God. It has 
History in a Flash. Well Done Mr Lee.This story takes you on a thrilling ride, through the lens of the Time Camera.Great characters, especially Zak, takes the reader with them 
Brilliant writer with a few blemishes. At his best, Hemingway is not to be rivaled. His spare, gritty style is at its best in &quot;Killers&quot;. However, there are a few 
Extremly well written, excellent info about managing people. I liked the style of the book. It s extremly well written--very easy to read. I couldn t put it down.Jack writes 
Accessible and Rigorous. Alan Jacobs is an English professor at Wheaton College, home of the Wade center, the largest collection of original Lewis writings and extant works in the world 
A Must for Parents Dealing with Sibling Rivalry. What About Me? is an excellent book for children. It teaches them important life skills that are so crucial and the illustrations 
A Delightfully Pessimistic Survey!. Randy Clarke s book is a must have work for understanding libertarian accounts of free will. At the very least, it is quite helpful in giving 
The Knowledge Transformation point of view. In this book Heidi presents the challenges of developing and implementing knowledge portals in organizations in a very articulate yet simple way. The book 
Great Read-Aloud. This book was a fantastic read-aloud book for my second-grader. We both thoroughly enjoyed it. I know he would never had made it through the story because of 
Pronoia etc. it is so long ago ... I seem to have been enjoying it forever. The delivery was prompt and I highly recommend this vendor.Ri  
always glad to have more muldoon. I felt that this book exceeds Moy Sand and Grave in quality. It evokes some of the mystery of Muldoon s previous work. Many 
Very good. I found this book very interesting and well written, but not for all readers. It covers all quantitative risk management topics with a good mathematical approach: this could 
I enjoy sick humor!. If you laugh at children falling down this is the book for you. He may push it sometimes but isn t that what a good writer 
Dark Short Stories. Considering all the works of Kipling I have read, this collection of short stories contains some of his his darkest and in some cases hints of dark 
Perfect book for compulsive read-the-end-firsters. I just bought my fourth copy of this book -- I ve given away my others and I had to read it again. Traveler is 
The best drama I ve ever read. I thought Gentlemen Prefer Blondes was a great book. Most books that are made into movies are not as good as the movie 
For DAT review- AWESOME. This book is awesome! I used it to study for the DAT. A little more detailed than I had to know for the test, but it 
Love this book. This is a classic. My little girl loves this book. We have been reading it for two years now. She is two and half years old. She 
Foot First, Heart in the End. One person can make a difference. That s the big lesson Jenna Boller learns outside of the classroom and it changes her forever. As 
My Mother... My Opinion??. It took me a while to get into this book... there were several occasions where I tempted to give up on it.I m glad I stuck 
Wonderful Study of the Plurality of Slaveholders. James Oakes The Ruling Class is a history of American slaveholders that effectively dispels the image of the paternalistic plantation aristocrat as the 
This book has helped me. I have been able to really learn a great deal about how others in my life affect my relationship. I also have been able to 
Poetic Medicine. There are many exercises in the book to inspire your poetry and many inspirational quotes. I ve read it twice and intend to read again, as each time 
Excellent literature. I bought the book to have a comparison with the recent movie version. Always interesting to notice the difference  
More than a translation. Oedipus the King is one of the classic works of Western literature. It was originally written as a play in around 429 BC by Sophocles ~496-406 
A nice review of all of the major myths of Greece. This book offers a nice overview of Greek mythology. All of the major stories, and many of the minors, 
This book on directing is straight to the point. This book is a good read. The author gives his take on the business, and offers some good adivce.  
Perfect Summer Fun. For fans of JBJ this book is a wonderful companion. Your kids can follow along with JBJ as she writes her journal and they can fill in 
Essential reading for a classical education. I read Sophocles Antigone for graduate Humanities class. It is an essential reading to understand Greek Tragedy. It is also a foundation stone of 
GO AND BUY THIS BOOK. This book is amazing, it tells you step by step to teach your puppy in day life, how to choose a good breader etc. I 
best if you know brazil well. I read this book in portuguese, when it first came out in Brazil, and i absolutely loved it. This book is not only about 
Insightful but ends in obscurity. This is a must-read for any postmodern Web developer. Helps keeps your eyes from succumbing to tunnel vision ideas like web 2.0.TimBL tells his story 
Every soldier should carry a copy. We few, we happy few, we band of brothers. What more need I say? Henry V is an imortal classic of western literature. And 
Ritalin is NOT the answer ... nurturing their brilliance is!. Interesting how if Winston Churchill were a child today he would be a prime candidate for Ritalin or Concerta or 
Unparalleled Educational Resource!!!. As a marketing professional who has little time to research investment opportunities, I was seeking a guide to educate myself about using investment information effectively. Investment Survival 
The Adventures of Tintin: The Crab With the Golden Claws The Shooting Star The Secret of the Unicorn 3 Complete Adventures. Good book for kids and aldult as wel  
interesting trivia. E.D.Hill has interviewed a great many people for this work and has compiled them into a series of interesting anecdote  
No difference between Boston &amp; Birmingham. Funny how busing caused such a flap in Boston and no southerners hopped on buses to go demonstrate in the streets of Boston  
Superb!. This is the best edition of Chaucer on the market, including all of his major works. If you re serious, this is the one to get.  
You Have Got To Buy It. This is a great book and I highly recomend it to any one over the age of 8 or 9 that loves horses  
A talented writer. I had the pleasure of being one of Hudson s students, especially when I was able to discuss the pilot on the dust jacket, Capt. Field E. 
Excellent Star Wars. Ok, so the book starts out a little slow, but I must say that is because the book is written from the first person stand point, the 
Escape to Paradise!. This is one of my favorite books by Nora Roberts. Setting is her specialty. She really knows how to take the reader with her on every adventure. 
Clear View of Murky Personnel Evaluation Process. This practical guide is a must-read for anyone who conducts performance evaluations - especially for those new to the process. Step-by-step, it explains 
Objective, Insightful and Entertaining Book from Cochise to Geronimo. This is a fascinating and well written account of the Apache and their war against whites and Mexico from the 1860 
Great book!. I will reccomend this book to anyone! This is one of the best books!  
The Business of Healthcare Innovation - Highly Recommended. The market dynamics, business models, and corporate strategies of pharma, biotech, genomics, medical device development, and health care information technology are converging. 
 He was one of us. . Of all the great novelists and writers of English, Joseph Conrad was one of the most pessimistic. His view of human nature was 
I use this reference everyday!!!. The Tarascon Pocket Pharmacopoeia is the single reference book that I use EVERYday I practice. I make sure to get my copy as early as 
OUTSTANDING BOOK!. This really outstanding book has it all! If you want to train for a short race, a marathon or anything in between, this book is the way to 
Wonderful Writing Wolff. Tobias Wolff writes a wonderful memoir about his experiences in Vietnam. His poignant writing and storytelling makes the pages in this book flow like a steady stream. 
Extremely Powerful. I just finished reading this text, and I must say this is one of the most powerful books I have had the privelege of reading. Dostoyevsky penetrates the 
For the serious scholar. This book by Pritchard best serves serious historians though not necessarily those specializing in the Near East. Indeed the images and the translations are valuable for 
All the legal tips, tricks and traps explained. Plenty of books impart the basics of how to work independently - but too few include all the legal tips, tricks and 
Enjoyed it.. Great read. First book I ve read by Rice but now I ll be checking out her other ones :  
A FEISTY, APPEALING VOICE PERFORMANCE. For many audio book listeners actress Lorelei King is the voice of Stephanie Plum, as she has also read Eleven On Top, Hard Eight, and 
 We only want the government to talk with us and to say that we are not traitors. . So said one of the student leaders, as quoted by Shen 
demonstrates a difficult concept well. We use this book and its predecessor, Me On The Map, to teach map concepts in First grade. Children this age generally have difficulty with 
&quot;How to Write and Think Clearly About Any Subject at All&quot;. I think we all have a &quot;fear&quot; of certain subjects. For me, that fear manifests itself in the field 
Far out dude!. The character Jake on 2 1 2 men was asked by his father what the book Lord of the flies was about and he repied, a really 
State of the Art. This book embodies what multicultural counseling is all about, the state of the art. Not only are the most recent empirical findings and directions presented, but 
Book of Jubilees. The Book of Jubilees is a interesting read because it is a book that many New Testament authors were familiar with and perhaps influenced by. The book 
Love doesn t come with a pedigree. With more than 75 of the dogs entering America s animal shelters being mixed breeds, it s about time someone championed their unparalleled 
History truly is an adventure. The Corps of Discovery comes alive in this author s capable story-telling talent. The personal introduction of how the Lewis and Clark adventure affected the 
A Must Read. I must admit to being completely flabbergasted by the negative reviews of this novel. I could barely put it down, it moved me so. Most reviews focus 
Good Book. This book was a page turner that makes you think about yourself. It was written very well. There was a lot of dark sides to the book, but 
Good, but dated. This book presents a fairly empathic view of the Saudis. It doesn t absolve them of the harshness that often makes up part of their lives, but 
Cogent rundown on why the economy matters to you personally. In this brief, cogent book, author Tim Harford provides an accessible, entertaining introduction to economic thinking. This deftly written report 
fabulous first Wine Country Mystery. Two years ago, Lucie Montgomery had her foot maimed in a car accident. She fled from her Virginia home to spend time in France recovering. 
An Emotional Read, but well worth the effort. This books helps to understand the why of an extramarital affair - especially the Entangled Affair. I was the infidel and the 
A critical mass of critics . . . I was just out of graduate school and working in my first professional position when the first Star Wars movie now known 
Awsome!. I liked this book because it has good discriptive language and the caracter Miyax she s a strong and brave girl  
Great Go-To Book. I originally got this book when I first moved out on my own. I had some cooking experience which I gleaned from my mother, but with a 
My 6 year old son absolutely loves this book!. The book talks about actual pirates and their adventures. My 6 year old son absolutely loves it  
Swell introduction. Although I note some of the other reviews of this book are not too favorable, for me it s a very cool introduction to an artist of whom 
Great companion to the factory service manual. This book is a great companion to the factory service manual. Lots of color photos, and step by step instructions. From routine maintenance 
For anyone of any age wanting to enjoy the game. Now in a fully revised and updated second edition, Soccer: The Ultimate Guide To The Beautiful Game by Clive Gifford 
Mr. Thoreau s Work: Walden. Fortunately, I read The Annotated Walden, annotated by Phillip Van Doren Stern. Thank goodness I chose it. Without Mr. Van Doren Stern s introduction, side 
Jurgen: in a search for Beauty. James Branch Cabell was once the most celebrated figure of American literature. He was the favourite author of Mark Twain, and was also praised 
One of the first enlightening books on China!. China cannot thoroughly be understood from either a Western or a Chinese viewpoint. To grasp its nature requires an orbital, historical view 
Very good. I enjoyed this book very much. It is well written and the author leverages real life examples which is refreshing. In my opinion this book gives you a 
Charming. I fell madly, totally, and completely in love with the heroine of Elinor Lipman s The Inn at Lake Devine.Natalie Marx is around twelve when the short novel opens, 
Cats Are Funny People. It s always amazing what cats can & do get into. You can almost see them think. There s always something about them that is almost 
Naked Once More. This book is one of E. Peter s very best, and I know, I have read every E. Peter s book including those under Barbara Michael s 
Crime Writing at its Very Best. Peter Robinson grew up in Yorkshire, and is the author of thirteen previous novels featuring Inspector Banks. He is the winner of numerous awards 
VERY difficult to put down once you start reading it!. WOW, this is one of the most gripping and moving accounts of personal combat and experiences in Vietnam that I 
Among the Top 10 Spiritual Books of All Time. This is one of the best spiritual exercises in history, especially for teachers, students, theologians, missionaries, and anyone involved in teaching 
great learner. These books have simple illustrations, but they are more of a learning tool than stories. They are great for 5-6yr olds beginning to read. My daughter can read 
Yum!. Sandals,platforms,heels.A real feast of footwear is shown within the pages of this compact but quite thick book. Great fun to flip through and a great resource for research as 
Essays about being absorbed by the written word. The Browser s Ecstasy: A Meditation On Reading by Geoffrey O Brien is a simply fascinating selection of thoughtful and thought-provoking essays 
Grooming Service Coordinator for a major pet company. I have used this book for many many years and rely heavily upon it for all of our groomers. The information is 
Excellent!. This book is excellent, it hits all key points for the PHR Exam. It would be very useful for someone that does not have a HR degree or it 
A fantastic book not to be missed. Gen Bell writes it and you feel like you are there with him during the events he writes about. It is similar to 
I love it!. Wow! This was exactly what I was looking for. I read Eat To Live by Joel Fuhrman and was looking for a true vegen cookbook with recipes 
Fantastic. This has to be something to add to your collection... if and only if you are truly an advanced player. The average player needs to grow a bit before 
Great intro to drawing. My kids ages 7 and 5 have loved this book. They have learned to follow the linear instructions and are so impressed with their ability to 
Gripping!. Readers feel the ever-looming presence of Fran Benedetto s abusive husband Bobby almost as much as she and her 10-year-old son Robert, as the duo flee toward a new 
A Must Read or Listen . This book is a wonderful story for all ages. We like to take the audio version on car trips as it engages, and is 
Like reading a soap opera from another era. This was a lightning-quick read; there is not much particularly challenging about this novel, but it was a lot of fun. Maupin 
Action, suspense, demons, witches and werewolves-it doesnt get better than this!. Rachel Morgan is a top contender in the tough-chick, detective bounty hunter, preternatural thriller in an alternate universe genre. 
A great book!. Just a great book showing all of the choices women can make, why we sometimes make the wrong ones without realizing it, and to learn how to 
Table of Contents. For those of you curious about which stories this book includes:The Feather Pillow, Sunstroke, The Pursued, The Decapitated Chicken, Drifting, A Slap in the Face, In the 
Sharpe s Fury. Excellent read. It s been a long time coming waiting for the new book on the Battle of Barrosa. Sharpe s Fury is definitely a book that 
A must have for beginners. This is the one and only book I learned the tarot from many moons ago. This was in fact, the only book to learn from 
Engaging and readable. Schivelbusch s Tastes of Paradise provides a refreshingly light-hearted, yet engaging glimpse at some of the substances which, through our stomachs, lungs, and palates, have played a 
A Mother for Choco. I think this is an excellent book for young children. I have a 21 2 year old little boy and this book is a great tool 
The plot builds like a snowball rolling down a mountain. This books starts out with a rather run-of-the-mill premise - kidnapped boys from a separated couple. Once the story gets 
Where are you tonight, Sweet Marie?. This was the first serious modern work on alchemy that I ve read, and boy did I luck out! It is a work charged 
As Much of a Writer s Manual as a Riveting Tale Told By a Master Story Teller. I am not sure how I should classify ON WRITING. It is part 
Rachel Ray. One must make allowences for the occasional sloppiness of Trollope s writing, given the serialized format and the incredible number of novels he wrote while working full-time for 
The Corvinus Clan. Here s an overview: Marcus is after Selene because in her past, a past she doesn t remember at first, is the location of a dungeon her 
a thoroughly enjoyable treatment of a very complex subject. I heartily agree with the editorial reviews written above.Hundert is a very good writer. He has brought three crucial subjects of 
Erudite, informative, challenging, scholarly essays. Egypt vs. Greece And The American Academy: The Debate Over The Birth Of Civilization collaboratively edited by Molefi Asante Professor of African American Studies, Temple 
A Fantastic Book to Introduce Your Child to Art!. I can t tell you how wonderful this book is for me and my two-and-a-half year old daughter. It is such 
A Genuine Classic. What can we say? A genuine classic now available with every footnote and factoid known to every woman and man.  
Nice and Creepy. Forever Will You Suffer, a first novel by Gary Franks, plays out like a film, with strong and eerie visuals, some genuine shocks, and a lingering feeling 
Spicy Hot!. This is a gem from Dave Dewitt the King of ALL Peppers. He knows his stuff about all there is to know about chiles, from mild to the 
Great Perspective for Younger Children. A very simplistic but impacting look at maps from a me mine perspective beginning with her room, house, street... all the way to world and 
Great for inspiring designers. This book is great for young inspiring designers to use as a learning tool and reference book. It shows how to make a grid system work 
Awesome. This book is an awesome read, and I hope that I can convey how profitable and riveting a read the book is. It is the story of God moving 
Women s Timex Easy Reader Watch - Black Review. Women s Timex Easy Reader Watch - Black Revie  
Murky goings on. Private eye Philip Marlowe is hired by the rich Mrs Elizabeth Bright Murdock to find a rare gold coin, the Brasher Dubloon, which is missing from her 
America IS Beautiful. America is by far the best portrayal of a young person trapped in society s system of foster care that I have ever seen. The book may 
-Very- highly recommended. Representations and characters of finite groups are a classical subject, with substantial developments well underway a century ago. As a result there has been gradual refinement and 
Not Just for for Stated Purposes. I would have given it 4 stars for somewhat condensed writing style almost abstract-like had it not been for the nearly universal applicability of 
Unintentionally Classic. It s a terrible book. The characters are uninteresting, the motivations are obscure, the machinery is obvious, the sex is strange and unerotic, the writing is terrible. But 
If you liked McCullough s &quot;Truman...&quot;. McCullough s &quot;Truman&quot; taught many of us about the beginnings of the cold war and the nuclear age. If this book isn t as 
Wonderful and Reflective in so many ways!. First I must say that I had seen this book and even picked it up several times in the store, only to put 
Delia - Oh why do you stay in England?. Delia, oh Delia. The woman who taught me how to make toast! I was actually making it wrong all these years... 
pretty good- but definitely five. For those who love cult movies or people just looking for the tip of the iceberg on good cult movies, i highly recommend this book. 
Hard to put down. This was a very easy and fun read and hard to put down. The ending was a bit sappy, but the book was such a page-turner 
OINK!. Good stuff...a real good time for a music student...  
Well Written. This book is incredibly well written and easy to understand, even for those with no background in development issues or economics. Sachs is to be commended for delivering 
A great guide on what really means &quot;best-practice&quot;. I think the main advantage of this book is providing a clear and easy way to approach what best-practice really means, specially 
A book for Cultivation of Sexual Energy and Much More. Erick Yudelove has been a student of Mantak Chia. He has put together a manual for practice that encompasses the 
Must Have!. If you like pasta this book is a must have. I am Italian, and learned to cook because I appreciate good food, and I like to eat! Eating 
Excellent white or black. I really liked the book. It was informative where the others where not. I just don t understand why it is focused on black women. Everything 
I like this writer!. I enjoyed this book a lot. I liked the characters and loved the ending. I think you ll agree. Give it a try  
Spiked. I read very few non-fiction books, and most of them are histories. I DO read journalism every day. But this is a first in that I ve just finished 
Music 101. Very informative but not overwhelming. Easy to read - follow and understand - color photos and solid build.  
Hard SF Is Not Entirely Dead. If, like me, you lament the state of science fiction today, and if, like me, you long to read stories that will transport you 
A Must Have for All Parents!. This may be the most sensible, wise, clear and reader friendly book about parenting adolescents that I have read. Clearly the author not only 
Very Well Done. An in depth look into the Franchise run US of the future. Going into great detail of a possible future of a world run by corporations instead 
The Hunchback of Notre Dame. All said about classics, this was one of the best classics ever written. It fills you with emotion, an extremely thought provoking book that talks 
A must read for every project member. Although I have been working as a software engineer since 1995, I never dared to become a project manager.Before reading this book I 
Insights into the Early History of Space Flight. For those familiar with the history of manned space flight, most of the information in this book is familiar. But there are 
Delightful from beginning to end. As a parent, this may very well be my favorite bedtime story. Don t judge the book based on the TV show-- it is much 
Phenominal book!!!. This book should be required reading for anyone who wants to be married or desires to be a mature and loving man or woman. It is tender while 
A Lesson for Children and Adults Alike. I see plenty of people complaining about the CD, but you are living in your generation by saying it is not as good. 
best intro to vulnerability discovery. This book is designed as a beyond Hacking Exposed type book. It certainly lives up to that by concentrating on more fundamental knowledge. Among it 
Best read in years!. I didn t bargain on getting a complete understanding of quantum physics from a great work of fiction, but that is what I got. You can 
not a picture book. A nice introduction and more to native plants of the Pacific Northwest. My only criticism about it is that it doesn t have great photos. I 
Good textbook. We were required to buy this textbook for our Engineering Economics class at UT-Austin. I found this book helpful as an introduction to business. It gave us quite 
Cooking Up a Storm: The Teen Survival Cookbook. Sam Stern uses an appealing approach to cooking for teens. I appreciate the fact that he chooses healthy menus and manageable recipes 
Good principal, disappointed in tone and tangibles... I thought the principal behind the book was something that will help virtually every married couple. My husband and I laughed at sections 
A weekend gardener in Boca Raton. What a great book! My garden looks great thanks to this excellent book with easy and practical ideas. I took this book to Home 
Thorough, deep and enjoyable, but a little anthropocentric. I enjoyed reading this book very much and would recommend it. The discussion was deep and enthralling. Many issues were explored but 
stunning. This is, quite simply, a gorgeous book. Filled with amazing photos by Stephen Johnson, it provides a wealth of information for photographers of any ability.The book starts with a 
ENJOYED THIS THIRD OF THE SERIES AS MUCH AS THE FIRST. The story of Anne continues with this work and the author stays true to her style, story line and 
ideas on negative painting. this book has lots of new ways to use negative painting skills and helps you produce a different style of work.this is very exciting and encourages 
Hilarious!. Non-stop laughs! I couldn t put it down. I laughed so hard, my face hurt! Funnier than The Dilbert Principle  
I loved it!. What a brilliant, brilliant book. I think it was the perfect length. Any longer and it might have gotten monotonous, and we simply cannot have THAT. Oh, 
An Innovative Alphabet Book. Although a big fan of Lisa Campbell Ernst s previous books, this book sets a new standard for excellence in children s books. The innovative style 
triumph motorcle restoration hints and tips by an expert. not just another feeble attempt at a restoration guide. this book is the definitive work. provided tremendous assistance to me in 
Captivating, Unforgettable. I watched the movie three years ago and still come vividly tomy mind, so I decided to buy the book and it was much better than the movie. 
A foundation stone for modern philosophy. Immanuel Kant 1724-1804 is considered one of the giants of philosophy, of his age or any other. It is largely this book that provides 
A tragedy of manners. The book tells the sad tale of Lily Bart living in New York at the end of the 19th century. Her fate appears so real, merciless 
This truly did save my sanity and our relationship!. Oh boy...Was I a mess after I found out about the affair. I couldn t stop obsessing about it and the 
Heartbreaking and inspiring. I ve never before read a book that contains such a wide variety of experiences, writing styles and outlooks. This anthology does not shy from confronting the 
An excellent resource. This is a great resource, especially for new parents. We learned a lot about how to keep our baby happy and content by recreating the fourth trimester 
A rare gift. This is arguably the greatest British novel concerning the first world war; the society it changed and killed off forever, and the sheer state of stagnation and 
For Love of Gold: The Burden of the Miser, Scathingly Told. Marcel Proust famously said of Balzac: He hides nothing; he says everything. A more fitting quote has never been 
Love First. I found this book to be helpful. It is more for people who love a person who is currently on some form of substance. It talks about intervention, 
know thy Self. in my humble opinion, Ramana Maharshi was is one of the greatest saints of the modern era. in this precious little book he speaks to us from 
Good improvement from last edition. This is the book that I used to teach comparative vertebrate anatomy. The previous major flaw of the book was the many inaccuracies in the 
Great Read Great Detail. Although this book is larger than most of the other MS exam books, it provides great detail and enabled me to pass the exam the first 
Pathos and Politics. I have read most of E.L. Doctorow s novels and take great pleasure in the smoothness of their narratives, the sense that Doctorow has not misplaced or 
Shadows Of The Dark. John Zaffis is the nephew of Ed Warren a renown demonologist who is now retired due to poor health. The book starts out explaining how his 
Frighteningly Real, Bumpy Transitions spoilers . Note: There are spoilers in this review.I can see where some other reviewers could find the story Dani tells in Family History unbelievable. One 
Great breadth of languages, tools, and examples. Great breadth of languages, tools, and examplesThis is the most comprehensive regular expressions book I have seen. After steering you through some regular 
Twilight Zone fans will love it. I really liked this one. It s been a long time since I ve read any short story collection, and I m glad I 
AMAZON PURCHASES. I AM VERY IMPRESSED WITH THIS BOOK AND HAVE HAD ONLY GREAT QUALITY OF ITEMS PURCHASED AND QUICK SHIPPING AND RESPONSE FROM AMAZON.COMTHANKS FOR THE EASY WAY TO 
Quick Read, Fantastic Advice. This book is short and easy to read, but contains outstanding advice. It walks you through the process of figuring out what type of boat might 
Bringing the Holocaust back down to individual tragedies. In some ways, Joseph Stalin was right when he said, The death of one person is a tragedy, the death of millions 
A tough to digest, enthralling work. The mother of a 14-month-old baby girl who spent the first 6 weeks of her life in the NICU at a NYC hospital, I 
Holy Grail has failed. The computerization and digital signal processing development let improve classical indicators essentially due to application of modern methods of information processing to prices. Indicators began to 
Very Detailed. This was the first Lost book I ve ever purchased and I was not disappointed. My personal favorite part was the summaries of the show s literary references. 
Perfectly executed!. This book was perfectly conceived and executed. These 24 smart stories by 12 smart women cover the whole tonal range -- funny, poignant, gut-wrenching, beautiful, thoughtful, irreverant, wonderfully 
Spare, unsparing poetry, as contemporary as laser. Margaret Atwood is an unnerving poet. The poems from herlatest collection, Morning in the Burned House, slip intothe dark spaces of the heart 
Everything was great except the accent. This was a wonderful book and I was ecstatic to find the Audio CD was unabridged. The reader did an exceptional job, except for 
Good, considering the time. Harvey is a totally spoiled boy. It starts when Harvey is on a ship with his Mother I forget where they are going he is washed 
Streetwise is great!. I love the Streetwise Maps. I have one for NYC too. It helps you get around in an informative way. Very handy when traveling through the city 
My Granddaughter 7 years loves this. Since this is all about princesses, my Granddaughter loves to color and make them all really pretty  
very dramatic and somewhat disturbing tale of survival. But this book is missing something. It has plenty of drama, interesting sidebars, but I think a lot of it was rambling 
One of my favorite read-aloud book during elementary school. When I was in kindergarten, our teacher played the cassette for our class as she turned the pages of the book...letting 
Disection of the Neocon Foreign Policy and its Affect on the U.S. This book by two veterans of conservative leaders, the Reagan and Thatcher governments, provide a thorough takedown of 
Good option to learn MSH!!!. Monad http: www.oreilly.com catalog msh presents the next generation of command interpreter included in the next Microsoft Operating Systems. Andy Oakley, the Author, show new 
It will change you. If you want to read a book about the Arab-Israeli conflict in order reinforce your position, this is not the one. This book offers no solutions 
Another Fun Book only this time with my hero - Nancy Drew. Love the idea for these books - Perry Mason - Nancy Drew - can t wait for the 
Comic book inking. Janson gives a well written breakdown of the techniques needed to develop into a good inking. He discusses the finer points of story telling through the medium 
A truly compelling story. I read this book in my third year of undergraduate study in English. This book challenges the paragdigms of the 50s and 60s and also serves 
A moving book on Western Culture, the novel and music.`. This is a moving book, written in Kundera`s clear, humorous style which talks about the novel and warns us from 
Gangsta Rap Coloring Book... so funny!. I got the idea for this coloring book from a friend who had it sitting on her coffee table. I bought three for little 
Jake Bernstein Trading Stocks Book. This book has a very good trading information regarding Gaps Strategies and Stochastics. I have been looking for a while a book which explains how 
A Patina of Memories... As someone who grew up in a small town in Texas, I can identify with so much of this book. My late Mother s childhood and 
A Wonderful Novel. Charles Frazier s Cold Mountain changed me. As a writer, he really showed me how much I need to learn.Mr. Frazier s bold use of period music 
Beautiful Collection. Please understand that a writer s style is not always indicative of the type of writing he she likes to read. I think those expecting a side-splitting collection 
Window Seat: The Art of Digital Photography & Creative Thinking. A wonderful example of Creativity and the use of a limited subject to make for an interesting photo essay. I 
movement that matters. How can such a small book give you so much information. This book provided me with new tools to create functional training program for my clients. It 
Food for thought. Not new information, but it s good to be reminded of these principles  
Wonderful and pertinant. Regardless of your religious background, this book speaks to the timeless struggle for a more moral behavior. I just re-read this book and found it even more 
A Wonderful ending to an even better series. The last book in the series is my favorite because it is when Belinda finds herself. I was so excited when she 
The definitive biography. I read Ferling s biography of Adams after reading McCullough s John Adams. I was a bit disappointed with a few aspects, and thought reading Ferling would 
The best of the best of the best. After seeing that Frank Miller made Sin City a movie I was amped!! I thought Great, next. he ll do Ronin but 
Very good but don t expect it to be easy. I really enjoyed this book. I had a hard time with his writing style at first but found it easier 
This book will explain what you don t know about Boltanski. I saw his exhibit in Paris a few years ago and I was intrigued about this artist.This book will 
Very good book for Understanding PTSD. This is the first book I attempted to read after being diagnosed with PTSD. It helped me understand my unexplainable behavior and symtoms and 
Makes teaching what the Bible says easy. For those of us parents who have difficulty recalling the exact passage and location in the Bible of a scripture, this book is 
Face the Fire. Nora Roberts once more hits 10 stars with this trilogy. If you love Roberts, this is one of her finest  
Great Story that is little known. As an industry insider worked for Malcom McLean from 1969 to 1986 its great to see that the story of the development of the 
An informative book about Special Forces. Mr. Couch has provided a look into the actions of the US Navy SEALS in the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq. For security reasons 
A Fellow Comedian and Writer s Review. Okay, the title s really long. In fact, that s all I read in my first sitting, then I took a much needed 
challange. This diet is a challange, you have to remember what you can and can not eat together. However, once you figure it out, it is a good diet. You 
my commentary on the commentary. I needed this book fast for class. I m a seminary student. I got it quick and didn t miss a quiz if you know 
Great Read!. This is the second time I ve read this book and enjoyed it so much! I even ordered two extra copies for friends and they loved it and 
Worth your while. Once in a while a book speaks so strongly to so many people, that it does the impossible. It is popular and worthwhile. The best part is 
Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Birds. Written many years after the fact, this book is well worth reading many years after the fact. Kingbird Highway is an autobiography, a 
Among the Heroes. Deora,Todd,Jeremy,Tom,Wanda and the rest of the heroes, including United 93 s original pilots, should all be read about by every American. Reading this book is the best 
International Finance. Excellent book for anybody that want to have an introduction to understand international financ  
Great. It is hard to go wrong with Anna Pigeon. This is like many of her books with the strong nature content and interesting characters. Keeps you guessing all the 
This is an informative and inspiring book. This book will be valuable for the amateur and professional alike.It s splendidly illustrated and the photos of scenic drops,scrims,and translucencies show some 
More than just a war book---the making of a great general. A truly engaging book, not only in the great behind-the-scenes detail and insight that it provides on the Gulf 
Zany and Smart. I cannot but think of &quot;Under the Net&quot; and smile and it is for this reason that I m so endeared to Murdoch s gem of book. 
excellent source to confirm my thoughts! I m not crazy. My mom is the classic Critic and I responded just as I should. I broke off communications with my mother 
One Has to Take Sides. Here is a remarkably subtle and slowly simmering novel about, if I may resort to a clich, love and war. The story takes place in 
Is this Review a Manifestation of Ultimate Truth or a Figment of Your Imagination?. What a fascinating journey through a bizarre and brilliant mind! I had always wantedto learn more 
Excellent book. Great cookbook! The side comments by each chef makes the book more interesting. A big plus is the range of easy simple to complex fancier recipes. Also, this 
My Side of the Mountain. The book I read is a pretty fun book! The book My Side of the Mountain by Jean Craighead George is a book where a 
A very good coming of age novel. The narrator is Will McLean, a Georgian of Irish descent and son of a Marine. In 1963, he enters the fictional Carolina Military 
FileMaker Pro 8: The Missing Manual. Very good - somehow this book manages to cover the basics and get to the more complex aspects in clear understandable terms. I m 
Why no mention of gas chambers at Auschwitz???. Reading this book with my high school students led to some of the best literary discussions I ve ever had with young 
Wonderful Tool for Learning Top-Notch Pastry Skills. I went to pastry school in France and found these books absolutely indispensable.Need to learn the classics of French pastry? This book and 
A Really Nice Book. I really enjoyed reading this book and would like to recommend it to others. The author is witty and has a great style of writing and 
Joe Black Like Me Review. Black Like Me was a great book and taught me how the black person who lived in the South had such a hard life especially 
I m a student of IIR. I decided to learn Reflexology from the pioneers of Reflexology ... the IIR International Institute of Reflexology . This is one of the required 
Lucky You! You Found a Sensational Read!. This is my second Hiaasen novel after reading the sensational novel Sick Puppy and this was just as enjoyable. Hiaasen has a knack 
Complete -- the only basic book you ll ever need. I just got the third edition of this book, to put alongside my copy of the first edition which is 
A book for details but not for brainstorm. To write a good essay requires several elements. This book reveal readers a full understanding of details in how to write business 
a pleasant surprise. when i first received the book i thought i d made a mistake purchasing it but soon realized i had not! it has proven to be informative 
Good supplementary book on Negotiation. The book is very well structured and extremely readable with real case problems. It starts off with the big picture of negotiation, leads to specific 
Great book. I am a small business owner and get involved in pricing daily. This book provided extremely useful insight into how to make the most money from each deal. 
Very Creepy. I enjoyed this book a lot and the stories were not all scare the crap out of you . Some of them were a bit more heartfelt...Drop by 
Highly entertaining for those interested in Wall Street. The book is a good read and entertaining for those interested in Wall Street. This book should be required for anyone thinking 
Not to be ignored. This book is a tiny slice of genius. It can t be judged by a descriptive birthing scene in the first chapter, or the descriptive climax 
Excellent Christian Resource. Tom Carder does an excellent job of providing insight into not only why so many families are faced with the travesty of infidelity but also offers precise, 
Encyclopedia Prehistorica Sharks and Other Sea Monsters. As always, the pop-Up books by Robert Sabuda are amazing. I loved it and my granddaughter was thrilled with it. Wonderfully well done. 
Simply Brilliant!. Komunyakaa is by far the best American poet writing today. Pay no attention to those who fail to understand his unique way with words. Purists write boring poetry 
My Attitude is Great About This Book. I heard Keith Harrell speak at a sales meeting in January and immediately bought his book. Keith is the real deal. He weaves 
one of the best books ever written. I couldnt put this book down. It takes you to a simpler time and you feel as if you are there with the 
A slight disappointment. After reading another one of her a little books of I had to have this one. I have to say I was disappointed at the instruction level 
This book reminds us of what customer care is all about. Beautifully written in a conversational style, this book is easy to read and makes you feel as though you 
Theodore Seuss Geisel, pro-life apostle. My favorite quote from this inspired fable is repeated by Dr. Seuss at least twice in the text: A person s a person, no matter 
Character Study. The Marines Of Autumn by James Brady. St. Martin s Press, New York 2000.On the very last page of this fiction book, the author, James Brady declares that 
My Spirit Guide. I love all of Sylvie s books. They are very informative and enlighting  
Best haunted House novel ever written!. This book is one of the scariest horror novels ever written and THE best haunted house novel, period. No lesser scribe than Stephen King 
From a dud to a stud concerning DNA info!. I thought DNA science was a weak science because of the O.J. trail. But The Genomics Age has made me realize 
One of Wells better works of fiction. William Leadford is a young London Socialist, leading a life of quiet desperation. Around him, the whole world seems to be unraveling, as 
Game Changing. Every once in a while, an idea or an individual comes along that changes the playing field, the rules of the game, the expected outcomes, or a little 
Another great novel by Reichs!!. When Temperance takes over on an archeological dig on a small island off the Carolina s, her thoughts center on her relationships, her nearly divorced 
It Doesn t Get Any Better. I have read every one of Coulter s books and more romance than I could ever care to count, and this ranks up there 
Context is the king of this comedy!. THE MERCHANT OF VENICE can be described as a tragedy only if one follows the modern definition of tragedy and not the Greek. 
A Dr. Laura Avoider. I have avoided Dr. Laura, her books, and her radio program for many years, fearing she would say something about me I didn t want to 
Sensitive, caring and instructive ; a gentle guide !. I felt as though I were guided by a caring friend throughout the ins and outs of journal keeping. That Ms.Schiwy 
Food For Fifty. Very well written book, leaves nothing for the mind to question,I would highly recomend this book  
PROMISING. This is a promising books on how to flip on a market that s appreciating faster than you can say holy cow . The problem is, we re going 
Great resource for the classroom!. Unlike Schindler s List, in Divided Lives, a book by Cynthia Crane, the reader is able to put a face with a name and learn 
Comprehensive review of fundamental concepts. the book gives the fundamentals of risk management. You can grasp the idea of duration, convexity and other commonly used terms. The book especially tells 
A Groundbreaking Work. Ignore the silly reviews here on Amazon that attempt to pigeon-hole this work as somehow relevant ONLY if one believes the principles of radical feminism. Yes, Young 
Best Series My Eyes Ever Read. The first two books of the series Ghost King &amp; Last Sword of Power are not necessarily needed in the jon shannow adventure but 
Refreshing!. I ve taught writing for 12 years, and this is one of the best books I ve come across in that time. The only reason I didn t give 
Strongly recommended to all business managers, both the novice and the experienced. Financial Intelligence: A Manager s Guide To Knowing What The Numbers Really Mean by Karen Berman and Joe 
Shocking developments regarding Roarke s past. In my mind, one of the keys to keep a series going as long as J.D. Robb has is to get the readers to 
Delightful. This book was a wonderful read. Funny, light, somewhat educational. Easy to read. Descriptive to the point that I felt I was there.GREAT!  
A good read with some dissapointments. Early Christian Families in Context is a very thorough academic exploration of family, gender and sexual issues in mostly the Greek-Roman world with some 
Commendable. I do not like Jeffrey Deaver s work. However, a family friend of mine surprised me by sending me in which I promised to read without looking at the 
NOLS Cookery is hot!. I really liked this book on backcountry meal preparation. There are all sorts of usefull ideas from meal planning to packaging. The bulk of this book 
reality explored. This book explores the forgotten reality of human history from the source. Genuinely educating book  
Excellent resource for families and friends. As a nutrition therapist I recommend this book to the parents of clients I am working with. Carolyn Costin offers professional guidance to parents 
Larry takes the Republicans to task also. Larry has really exposed many of todays key problems and he presents them very clearly. He takes on the liberals and Democrats, but 
Beautiful, Sincere, Sad and Real. These three women lead very different lives but are brought together in a small prison town in Texas. Their lives are deep and involving. The 
good account , informative, a little cheer-leading. In a mostly affectionate look at the origins and rise of the prime Arabic channel, the book manages to intersperse historical story telling, 
Insightful, brilliant, and exceptionally well-written. Professor Fox does a fantastic job in this deeply introspective work of late nineteenth-century American culture, society, and religion. The Beecher-Tilton episode, now virtually forgotten, 
Stop the drugs!. Hello my son was told he was ADHD and took the Ritilin and other forms of the drug, but the side effects were terrible and I couldn 
Insightful and Essential. A master of his craft, in Propaganda Edward Bernays splendidly advocates the art he defines as the consistent, enduring effort to create or shape events to influence 
Great Look at a Familiar Event. This is a great read. The characters are well developed and colorful. The story takes a familiar event and adds surprising plot twists. This 
A Nightmarish Testimony. This book is the fascinating memoir of Eugenia Semyonova Ginsburg, who lived through the reign of terror that was unleashed by Stalin from 1937 onwards. Ginsburg is 
Love it. The price was excellent, and it came quickly. My husband loves that Bible, and uses it exclusively  
Clear, thorough book for pie baking. I found this book to be indispensible for baking pies. I have hundreds for cookbooks and this is one of the most used book 
The Big We....as opposed to the me me me world. Great great book for monastics like me very akin to spirit friend interaction. Unlike the author, Mark Macy, I am 
A Great Leap Forward in the Saga. If you ve gotten this far, you know what a kick the Bone series is. Strong, stylish and effective graphics think Alex Toth 
do yourself a favor and read it!. This novel got great reviews and then got forgotten. That is a shame. Everything You Know is funny, sad, moving, and utterly convincing. 
Great book, Great author. I don t think DV knows how to write a dud book. In his typical style, this book is a great source for all things induction 
A sad, beautiful story. The heart of this book is terrific. The dialogue, the description and the passion in language and emotion really distinguish this novel  
Charming story enhanced with affectionate color drawings. Guess Who s Coming, Jesse Bear is the latest of the Jesse Bear series, a charming set of soft-cover picturebooks about young Jesse 
Brutally honest. I admit to not being able to pick Bill Moyers out of a crowd - so the fact that this was written by his son made very little 
powerful and troubling, an important book. History is often written on the grand stage. The huge battles or landmark laws are recorded. The feelings of the children whose parents are 
authoritative English word origins. The original and revised editions of this text bring to a wider public the results of over two centuries of work in historical linguistics. For many 
Best book on Libya in a decade--THE definitive analysis!. Having just ordered Vandewalle s book for my seminar and lecture course, I can only wish this insightful account of Qadhafi 
my first exposure to Franzen. Franzen writes in such an evenhanded tone that it is hard to imagine anyone being mad at him. He is by turns incisive, thoughtful, and 
Also look at Energy at the Crossroads by Vaclav Smil. This book has been well reviewed by others and I do not wish to reiterate their comments. I have no 
Good for vegetarians and meat eaters!. This is an exhaustive text -- no stone was left unturned. Recipes, tips and advice cook once for two meals . This book covers 
A worthwhile, good book. A nice book! Well-writen and there is a lot of substance here. This is a very useful reference book, and although a bit weak in the 
Lord of my love, to whom in vassalage. Thy merit hath my duty strongly knit,To thee I send this written embassage,To witness duty, not to show my wit. Sonnet 26. 
This Book Will Change the Way You Look at Food. This is a very well written book on food psychology for the lay public and is a must read for 
This is THE ultimate guide!. This book is huge! About 400 pages in full colour.Where do you start? Every model and every colour variation is shown in this book and 
Bold erotic horror. In this collection Lucy Taylor achieves something very difficult and presents us with nine very sex-centric tales without ever losing a handle on her plot or characters 
Halleluiah. Thank God for Dennis Lehane. If you haven t read Lehane s illuminated manuscripts then stop what you re doing afer you finish this . Put your mouse down 
Dazed and confused. Satoshi Kitamura is the Kazuo Ishiguro of the under-5 set. ME and my Cat is of my daughter s favorite books, and she s a serious fan 
King delivers another grand title...Or is it Bachman?. I m back from the dead and you don t seem glad to see my at all, you ungrateful son of a 
The Madness Behind the Mask. High flying, fast living F. Scott Fitzgerald 1896-1940 attained great commercial and critical fame early in life--and then began a rapid fall into a ferocious 
Thank you to the author! Such an important book to write... When I saw the title, I knew I had to check out the book for myself. Since I am 
heartache. I thought that this book was very good. It described the loneliness and confusion of not knowing and understanding oneself and one s origin. It is about love and 
The Underlying Theory Under Unity. Unity is the official unified messaging system sold by Cisco. It integrates voice, voicemail, video and data through a single telephone line. It complements the 
This Is A Fun Read, & Much More Reasonable than Sarah Vowell. Brian Lamb and his C-SPAN team have written a number of wonderful and extremely-informative essay-filled booknotes on American 
Well, Of Course. Listen, this isn t foor some psuedo-anarchist looking to piece together a gun from a broom-stick, a pvc pipe, and an aerosol can. This is for those 
Janette Oke s books. Heartwarming stories about life among the plain people, full of good quality reading about family values.  
A Very Helpful Book!. I check out this book every time I am going on a trip from my local library because it is very helpful and has wonderful tips! 
absolute must read. I had Dr. Lomax as a professor and he is a brilliant man and his book conveys that. It is an absolute must read for anyone considering 
CARL SAGAN: A life worth reading. Carl Sagan was one of the most celebrated scientists of the twentieth century. A ma of many interests from smoking marijuana ad enjoying its 
Quintessence of a Spiritual Genius. GRAVITY AND GRACE by Simone Weil. With an Introduction by Gustave Thibon. Translated from the French by Emma Craufurd. London: Routledge and Kegan Paul, 1972 
Tried it and WOW it worked for me. This kit arrived for my birthday and I used the cut-glass crystal as instructed and could really feel and even see the 
Dense Prose With Great Rewards For The Persistent. Patrick O Brian is not for everyone. In fact, I tried to read this book many years ago and gave up. I 
Hauntingly Enchanted. Never, in all my vast readings of fantasy, have a read a tale that left me so spell bound, so haunted, so enchanted. When I closed the book, 
Comprehesive reference on NW gardening. Of the books I own on NW native plant gardening, this book is my most often referenced. It is full of detailed information about a 
Instant Classic. As a serious photographer just now getting into digital, this book has been a godsend, clearly explaining and providing useful context to the often daunting new world of 
The destruction of the Militum Christi. Malcolm Barber examines the trial and supression of the Poor Knights of Christ of the Temple of Solomon, also known as the Knights Templars, 
Definitive Word On An American Filmmaker. Some have criticized this book, which Welles felt was the definitive word on his films, by stating that it never deals with Orson s 
Colorful Children s Book. Though perhaps not completely correct in teaching your child about chameleons, this book is adorable. My three-year-old son and I read it at the library, and 
Excellent Book. &quot;Fire Up Your Metabolism&quot; is an EXCELLENT book for anyone who wants to lose weight in a healthy manner and keep the pounds off. One of my favorite 
Welcome back, appetizers !. Many of us fall into the habit of either not making appetizers or making the same appetizers over and over. But with Tod Dimmick s book, 
All You Need to Know About Spaghetti. Not only a fascinating insight into the spaghetti western and its master practitioner, but also an examination of where this form stands in 
Mostly true, except for the information from McNamara. People were looking for a book that could grab them about Nam when this was a best seller in 1972, and this 
It was a fabulous adventure. The story was well-written and had a exciting plot. I liked the pirates, because pirates are cool. I reccomend this book to many other reader 
fantastic. concise, precise instructions. only downside is that it s not out of date since 7.0 was released; however, the writer is excellent in laying out simple instructions to pull 
Very useful. Well written. Best reference for integrating herbal, homeopathic, Native American, and flower essence uses of a plant. Engaging style. Great examples that stick in my mind. History of 
Death and disease level all men. This novel is a combination of a `roman clefs and science fiction, with gothic and autobiographic elements.In her vision of the end of the 
Very enjoyable and helpful reading on nonviolence. I had two misgivings about this book before I began to read it. Both of my misgivings turned out to be unfounded. The 
true WW II story from a different perspective. this book is fascinating as it ties in a captured American pilot s story with that of the French underground. A sobering 
Fast and Pretty. No problems at all. I loved how fast it came and the book was in perfect shape  
Too good for words. Simply put, this book is excellent. After reading the previous book, Bird of Prey, I had a good background knowledge of some of the characters and 
Excellent memoir and very insightful. This is an excellent autobiography. The General s career and development is amazing to have reached 4-Stars at such a young age. His modesty and 
Challenges of Maturity. Perfect World is a riveting fiction novel that tells about the challenges of adjusting to high school and becoming moremature. Author Brian James speaks from a fourteen 
 stylish social history. This was such a pleasant, historical read. I m very interested in all things stylish, if not fashionable. This title interested me at once. It really 
Gabriel s Review. Eddie Mott, Sunny Wyler, Pickles Johnson, and Salem Brownmiller are in for a big surprise when they get invited to lunch by Plumstead Middle School s principal 
Fell short of my high expectations!!. I say it fell short only because when I got this book I hoped it would delve further into Alice s life, and beyond 
Another wonderful Hobby Farm book from Sue Weaver... I read this book being a complete novice on raising sheep. After reading this book, I really feel I have enough knowledge 
Must read for in depth understanding. In depth, though provoking reading for those seeking deep, meaningful reflection.  
Dark Celebration. Good book as I like her writings about the Carpathians and not to mention adding the recipes was a very tasty bonus  
Very useful reference book. Tom Dinakus Desert Storm book is an extremely handy volume for anyone interested in modern armies. It is particularly valuable for anyone reading other accounts of 
The Best. nuff said. It s simply the best book you could read if you own an aircooled VW. Read it cover to cover, follow it s advice and you 
a good introduction to concepts of modern image generation. I recommend this book to anyone who wants to understand modern concepts of how to generate images through computacional mathematical methods. 
I revel reading this practical, wonderfully illustrated book. This is a great guide for beginning to learn grounding, that is, connecting body and soul to earth energy. Illustrations are practical 
A great starter book. I m not much of a guitar player; I know just enough to fiddle, and wanted to give my 8-year old some experience without paying for 
Good book on fundamental analysis... Don t be put off by the rather cheesy title. This is a very good book on fundamental analysis. The author has a very readable 
Magnificent, unforgettable classic!. SWISS FAMILY ROBINSON is a magnificent classic! I read it when I was about twelve years old; I was rivetted by every scene then, and I still 
Good book -- too bad its out of print. I looked all over the Internet for this book a while back and couldn t find it. Used sellers are charging 
Good atlas, could be better. I agree with the other review in that the actual real pictures were extremely helpful yet the depiction of tracts were difficult for me to 
Great Reference!!!. This dictionary is the best of the Scrabble specific ones that I have. It gives you specific definitions when checking out words, and gives you different options when 
The war gets uglier. It is the winter of 1942. Six months have passed since Jake Featherston -- President of the Confederate States of America and the Sarge of the 
Strategy review. The ease of doing business and the product is excellent. I am very happy and will certainly order again  
The Wright brothers taught the world to fly--without question--but who taught the Wrights?. Tom Crouch has been a friend and colleague of mine for some fifteen years, so I am 
Worth Contemplating. This is a hot little book well worth contemplating if you re aspiring to become a serious artist. For the student, novice artist, seasoned practioner or curious artlover, 
BH&Gardens 501 quilt blocks. The book just arrived. I am new at quilting. There is every applique design you could ever want to use. The other block designs are just 
Quite simply, a Fun Book to Read. Whether you are a fan of the Bond movies or you enjoy a good spy novel, Ian Fleming s Casino Royale is an 
Deja Vu, All Over Again. RISING TIDERising Tide: The Great Mississippi Flood of 1927And How it Changed America--By John M. BarryJohn Barry s stellar history of the forgotten events of 
This book was earthshattering!. The first time I read Ms. Bordo s book, I was so into it that I didn t get enough sleep that night. This book tells 
Everyone s favorite badger. In 1964 Russell Hoban wrote, and his wife Lillian illustrated, a charming little book entitled Bread and Jam For Frances . Already an established character in 
Sennights of stooks, scolds, carbuncles, ewers and poppets. This exceptional fact-based novel of the Bubonic Plague epidemic of 1666 is narrated by 18 year-old widowed mother, Anna Frith, house servant 
Helpful guide to coming to grips with the bible. The ESV Reformation Study Bible has been a great help on my second read-through of the bible. I firstly read through 
I get a good feeling from this book. [...]if you consider yourself an advanced witch or Wiccan, you may want to be less harsh in your judgment of this book, 
Frank and honest style. For those searching for the truth. Must read, especially for 2nd generation Christians, or youngsters searching for God for themselves. The style is frank and easy. 
Don t leave home without it. Indispensable. I plowed through GR in my mid twenties without the Companion. Large portions of Pynchon s encyclopedic epic were totally baffling to me. 
A Must-Have for fantasy fans!. The bulk of this great book 500 pages reprints about 40 fantasy and horror stories culled from both niche and mainstream literary magazines the Stephen 
Underscores the complexity of the human mind. Oliver Sacks An Anthropologist on Mars is a delightful and enlightening book that reveals the unparalleled complexity of the human brain.Sacks, an accomplished 
Factotum very graphic. I found the book fascinating for its detailed description of life on the mean streets.It was very raw and seemed quite real. But it was a very 
Big on ideas. I found this book to be great! It gave me alot to consider that I had not even thought about. It you are planning to build a 
Great Book!. My 5 year old grandson is going through the bug stage . I have given him the bug vacuum and habitat and the Lady Bug habitat. He will 
Winning Custody. This was, by far, one of the most inspirational books I have ever read. The ramifications of this book have had far reaching effects on all aspects of 
The classic classic... that I still don t get why it s one. This is another of those books that everyone tells you how wonderful and incredible it is. I 
Nobody knows it all. This book is a great manual for learning how extend the use of your brain. It s really comical when someone like Magellan tries to serve 
Review of The Breast Cancer Survival Manual. As someone who was recently diagnosed with Breast Cancer, I found the book to be very informative and easy to read  
Perfect for me. This is the best layout with lots of color pictures to illustrate step by step the recipes. I have a handful of well rated Japanese cookbooks but 
Enjoyable. I found this book reminiscent of books by Charles Dickens, in that it featured a large cast of odd characters whose lives continued to intersect, eventually forming one huge 
Good Book!. The readings are pretty good and insightful. The chapters are long enough to complete in one sitting and provides the ability for comprehension without too much reading. The 
Very essential. A must for anyone traveling in a RV. AAA does not have a book as comprehensive as Woodall s. Every campground in North America is in here. The 
truly inspirational. Warning: Don t get carried away by the title of this book, it is purely metaphoric.When you are handed a 600 page autobiography of an entrepreneur, at first, 
Great book. First I would like to state the reason I gave it 4 stars. In my opinion, 5 stars should be very hard to reach. Maybe I would give 
Queen of the Vampires. This is an excellant book. Pure and simple, it may not be all Vampire but you can relate to what Lestat feels in this novel. So 
Second generation of Ed Emberley artists!. We own four of Emberley s Drawing books and my kids loved them... they are now adults and I plan to use this newest 
Good, good. I previously purchased this book, used it successfully, and then lent it much marked up to someone don t remember who and now I need it again. I 
Review of Feisty Fido. . Feisty Fido presents a clear step-by-step method for changing the behavior of a dog who is aggressive toward strange dogs when he is being walked 
Courtesy of Teens Read Too. The Van Gogh Caf is magic. Nobody knows quite how or why, but they all agree that it is. Nobody knows it better than ten-year-old 
Well Written and Very Useful. I teach drawing, painting and design and stumbled across this book when looking for the Bargue book. The book is well written with several useful 
Excellent overview!. When I first discovered this book, I realized how important it was. I suggest chapters from it to my students in Introductory Psychology and Child Development. These discoveries 
Jump at the Sun:Cinderella. This is one of my favorites of this book series because it makes the whole princess stage that all little girls go through accessible to little 
Anyone who loved Little Women will also like Good Wives! . A thoroughly satisfying sequel to a book I grew up loving. It took me forever to get to Good 
Frank Castle at his Best. What can I say about The Punisher that hasn t been said in comic coventions not only across America but but throughtout the World? From 
Excellent Picture Book. I love Roger Priddy s books. This one is one of my son s favorite books. He loves to point at the pictures and hear us name 
Got to love a Krentz. I think I own every thing she has ever written under every name. This one lived up to my expectations. It was smart and funny 
Useful. I am both a wildlife artist and also going into Environmental Conservation. I bought this book when it was new , just after picking it up and glancing at 
This is THE book to understand Spain. The first form of this book was simply called The Spaniards and was published in 1986. A completely revised version came out in 
Another Fine Mess of a Book. Laurel and Hardy are the eternal image to many of down-on-their-luck individuals struggling just to get by in this world, and in his book 
Practical help. It s a sample of the questions you can get in the software, a great tool if you can t use a laptop or PC. All you have 
Amazing!. I have never had the pleasure of reading any of Dubus work before. I truly enjoyed his writing style. He has an amazing gift when it comes to capturing 
Mocking the mediaeval views of Victorian England. At its core, A Room with A View is a simple, pleasant romantic comedy, no less predictable and sentimental than many books in 
Autobiography par excellence. Running with the Bulls is autobiography par excellence. Valerie Hemingway openly and frankly tells the fascinating story of her life, which began as Valerie Danby-Smith. Her mother 
A book that is likely to send a sharp chill up through the spines of its target audience. This book was a required reading during my first-year of high school 
Fabulous, Easy, Fun, Cool, Amazing, &amp; Creative!. This is an incredible book. The experiments are easy, fun, and cool to do. You and your child will be amazed at how 
A solid book for beginners, especially loose players. 7 Card Stud by Roy West is a solid book for beginning players. Not complete beginners, but beginners nonetheless. The first 26 
refreshingly innovative paranormal mystery. Emerald O Brien didn t know when she moved from Seattle to Chiqetaw that the town rests on a psychic power field and since Emerald has 
A Must for Coaches of Girls Basketball. When I started coaching girls basketball 3rd-9th graders 3 years ago this was the second book I picked up. Now I have about 
Hilarious and Sad Warning about the Pitfalls of Self-Pity. As many critics and nay-sayers have said about this book, about a sports fans who lives vicariously through sports heroes while 
Privilege and peril among middle class blacks. Black Picket Fences is an insightful and informative survey of privilege and peril among middle class blacks providing an unusual, intriguing study of 
My infant son loves them!!. I ve been reading to my son since he was first born, and he is now 5 1 2 months old. Out of all the 
The man that could fly. I do not recommend this book to people who like horror or mystery because it is not at all scary and has no mystery in 
Karen Rose Does It Again !!!. I have read all of the Karen Rose books and I continue to love every one of them. The other reviews go into great 
Superbly Spooky!. I read the first book, The Last Apprentice: Revenge of the Witch, at my son s recommendation and ended up reading it in less than 24 hours. The 
Good overview of the history of some languages. Tore Janson s Speak is a succinct, readable overview of the history of languages, focusing primarily on English and Western languages. This 
A Philosophy of Interior Design by S. Abercrombie . There are very few books out there that combine &quot;philosophy&quot; with &quot;interior design.&quot; For this reason alone, Abercrombie s book is 
Long, But Worth It. First of all, this is the longest book I ve ever read cover to cover. The last page of text is numbered 1463. I read this 
Multi-cultural travelers down an amazing wild river. I am not a regular reader of outdoor adventure stories, but having just been in Peru, this one held my interest. Joe Kane 
Dear Mr. Blueberry by Simon James. This book is about a little girl named Emily. Emily thinks that there is a whale in her backyard, so she decides to write 
A great summer read. Take this to the beach or your favorite vacation spot even out to the yard in the hammock . A very sweet book  
Great intro to Heinlein. Is this the best book Robert Heinlein ever wrote? No. Will fans of other Heinlein books recognize the Sci-Fi Master s style and philosophy? Yes. This 
One of the best writers of all time. One of the best I have ever read. Also red his other book snow but this one is I think is one 
Keep Tissues Handy. I was skimming the stacks in the Grief section when The Orphaned Adult caught my eye. What a cold, harsh title, I thought - yet I was 
rare portrayal of African village life. A story about a black refugee from South Africa who finds a new home and the meaning of life in a small Botwana village. 
Community Life. This book helps me to understand more how to build up the community life.This is an excellent book for any community learning to accept and live together as 
He talks to Dead People. Very helpful and detailed book. Interesting and explains many realities or views of life events and how to handle the engeries of ghost activities, understanding 
Revised for More Help. Adkins wrote several books. Since this was a revised version, I bought it to go with the other Adkins book  
Excellent! A Must Read!!. This book was the fourth book I read by Mark Hitchcock. I have never been disappointed with his books and this one is no exception. He 
Another wonderful story from Joanne Harris. BLACKBERRY WINE by Joanne HarrisAugust 8, 2006Amazon Rating: 4 5 starsIn this book by Joanne Harris author of Chocolat , the story revolves around 
Great book!!! Must keep. I love to buy and keep books for cooking, bread making, pastry, tart, pizza...etc. I bought this book because of the review I read from other 
Brilliant biography of a very difficult subject. Having been a rabid fan of O Brian s Aubrey-Maturin novels, and then joyfully discovering his two earlier sea novels, I encouraged every 
The Best and The Brightest. THE VIETNAM WAR AND THE MEDIAI am a Vietnam Veteran, a college graduate of the Vietnam Era, and a professional journalist. That should establish either 
One of the best, a must for anyone who moves. Sweigard s breakdown of the body s bony and muscular systems is easy to understand and precise. Even more interesting 
A pleasant picture-book. I originally thought this book would serve as a helpful travel guide for adventures on unknown So Cal roads...but it s really more of a nice coffee-table 
Exactly what it says it is. The book basically refers to itself as a tactical manual for the everyman--and it pretty much is. Very easy to read, comprehend and apply. 
Florence Comes Alive. This is a must read for anyone planning a vacation to Florence, or for those wanting to experience the place and time without the expense, as Martines 
Great book:. Good read, interesting information, garenteed that you ll learn something! If your new to computers, you may have a bit of a problem understanding some areas, but for 
Excellent. The book is well-written and very informative. I am very happy with my purchase and recommend this book to those that have an interest in the military and government 
The Avengers start off storming Olympus and end up fighting the Defenders. There are some big names that show up as writers and artists in the issues collected in Essential 
The Best Handbook on TCK. This book gives detailed information on TCK, the advantages and disadvantages of being TCK, how to overcome problems, and how to enhance advantages and minimise 
Better than any 5,000 analyst report . This book is truly impressive in that the author displays a powerful grasp of not only the technology, but the economic and regulatory 
Hits the Nail on the Head. As a mid-sixties professional who retired about five years ago from my own business,and then found myself in a true depression until I sought 
Compelling reading. This book combines social political commentary in the 1930 s with a breathless, page turning experience that actually disturbed my sleep. I flew through this book. Wright has 
breathtaking tour de force. Tim Powers is a marvellous author. This time his imagination takes you on a time-travelling trip. True, it has been done before. Just not like this. 
Orwell does Asop. A dark fable about what went wrong with the Russian Revolution. Brillient, has most of the themes that showed up in 1984 as well as ideas of 
The Book Was Amazing. It was in amazing condition, I am very pleased with the product  
Best Year Ever!. I wish I had more free time to read non work and school related material, which is why it took me about 10 months to finish reading 
Very informative. This book is a great source of information for anybody even remotely interested in the intelligence community. Clarridge does a first-rate job at describing as much as legally 
Fantastic!!!!!!!. This was a very good book. I just kept turning the pages. This is the first I have read by this author and I was very impressed. After about 
A Novel So Unique Doctorow Probably Invented A New Genre In Publishing It!. Ragtime is the story of various levels of American society in about the first decade of the 
Best Buy for film makers. This reference is worth the money. I learned everything I needed to know about setting up shots for my first two films from this book. 
50 Warm And Comforting. Hug Your Dog!. Do you have a passion for animals? If so, you ll inhale this book. The authors heartfelt emotions can be felt on every 
Rice s Greatest Work. I have read all of Anne Rices work.. and the Mayfair Witches is truly the best.. It was a new form of writing for me at 
Great Book For Getting Useful Employee Ideas. Ideas Are Free: How The Idea Revolution Is Liberating People And Transforming Organizations by Robinson and Schroeder is written for entrepreneurs and managers 
good reading. Skeleton Man is another masterpiece for Tony Hellerman. Only problem is he doesn t write them fast enough  
Very nice book for theory review. I would say that the structure of this book pleased me. I used it as a theory review for my qualifying exam in Linear 
VERY GOOD. The book is extremely good because it shows how to keep the salesman on his toes instead of getting complacent and losing the touch by becoming more of 
 To you, perceptive reader, I bequeath my history. . And what a history! As a rule I don t review novels on Amazon but THE HISTORIAN by Elizabeth Kostova 
Do you believe in magic and true love? Read this book. This is an old-fashioned tale of true love, purity, hard work and regeneration through oneness with nature. It s 
A Review of Sign of the Beaver. SIGN OF THE BEAVER REVIEWElizabeth George Speare writes in a fashion that always gives you something new to be excited about and lets 
Right on target. If this book could be distributed to everyone in America, we would no longer live in a morbidly obesce society. The information in this book is very 
The right book. One thing I like about the books Gary Keller puts together is he goes right to the horse s mouth and asks those who are making it 
What was all the fuss. Wonderful true story of two male penguins that adopt an unwanted baby penguin. Homophobes objected to a line in the book where the zoo keeper 
A Frank and Beautiful View of Inupiat Subsistence Lifestyle. Bill Hess as created a masterpiece. His grainy and moody black and white capture the bowhead hunt, Point Lay beluga hunts 
Very good book on ayurveda, cures and ayurvedic wines. This is nice book to have at home. It has good explanation about deseases and their cures with ayurvedic ways. It 
To be in the Electronics business. This book holds a close view of my desires. In the future, many people will see the value of this book.We are moving from 
Nobility and Love. Steve Ilg is as noble as they come and his work is a work of love. I have read many other books in the fitness category and 
This book was a big help. Thanks for the help! We have been doing a lot of research on the subject of Preventive Maintenance Scheduling. This gave us some good 
A shining example of how to live the Gospel. If you read nothing else this summer. Please read this book. This book has moved me and inspired me and is 
2nd edition is a classic for applied nonparametrics. I own the second edition. So my comments refer mainly to it. Conover writes very well and covers all the commonly used 
A wonderful book for children... At the age 8, I read this book at the Library. Now, 6 six years later, I finally got my hands on it again and 
No pain, no gain--go for the straight and narrow!. The reviewer that refers to this book as being painful is partly right. This book is difficult to read, that s 
Pick Any Page, It s a Pleasure to Read. My wife and I both fell in love with this book from the moment we saw it on the store shelf. 
Humor and Helpful all in one. When first looking at the book, it almost seemed impossible for such a thin book to be of much help for students. However, after 
Best Natl Forest Camping Directory. This is the best directory for National Forest camping. The forest service has been improving their campgrounds over the years. This directory will no longer 
Very worth reading. Even though I do not hold some of the same beliefs as Kat Duff this is a fascinating book. I don t see how anyone could read 
school bus wheels. my husband just started driving a school bus and we bought this book to let the grandchildren know what pop pop did. they understood perfectly and now 
Neglected masterpiece. Conventional wisdom has it that the firest two-thirds of this treatise on character analysis improved psychoanalytic technique, focusing on character-based resistances rather than just on interpreting content--associations, dreams, 
My Sister s Keeper: A Novel. What a very touching story...that with stem cell research, could be true! The author tells a gripping story through each characters perspective. This is 
RITA Award winner for a reason!. Beneath a Southern Sky is one of my all time favorite books. The writing flows, the plot is gripping, the emotions are authentic to 
GREAT REFERENCE WITH REALISTIC PICTURES!. While I was impressed with the exhaustive yet lively informationprovided by Dr. Carolyn Male, perhaps MOST IMPORTANT to tomatogrowers are the realistic pictures. Instead of 
African-American History done well. Peter H. Wood did a thoroughly researched well written history of African-Americans in South Carolina from 1670 to the Stono Rebellion. I am African-American and read 
I really liked this book-. This was a really great book-It really affects you and youaredrawn completely into it. It made me sad, because I felt everythingthat JP felt, even 
All the pluses and minuses of the series. As is the case in all the &quot;Writer s Guide to Everyday Life&quot; books, it is of course impossible for author Varhola 
I ve learned so much. My mom just recently got this book. Even though I don t have any weight to lose, I am very interested in learning more about 
The Best Little People Book. Oh my Gosh! This book is so wonderful. I read it as a kid and I have it completely memorized it from cover to cover. 
An all class act. Many of us who appreciate the work of truly great non-fiction writers were deeply saddened by the recent passing of Alistair Cooke.Although best remembered for his 
How Good DO We Have To be? A New Understanding of guilt and Forgiveness. This was all I had hoped it would be. It was received in good condition and 
A Literary Masterpiece. Du Maurier captures the essence of Victorian hierarchal society in the must-read. Through her controlled use of dynamic prose, this classic romantic suspense practically turns the pages 
Suspenseful, eerie and of course, well-written. I enjoyed this book more so than King s others because he doesn t spend the first 200 pages introducing his characters. He gets 
Tangling with a feisty morning glory. I don t believe I ve ever seen a gardening book where the information was as well-organized as it is in Annuals for Michigan 
This book is brilliant!. I m a professional organizer and deal with many clients who are chronically disorganized. This book has transformed many of my ideas about how to help 
Reason and Passion. This story is about a young woman with very high morals who is tempted to begin an adulterous affair. The Princesse De Cleves integrity is the most 
Excellent into to Large Fomat. As beginer to large format, I was looking for a book that would give me the basics of view cameras and their use. I already 
Ginger Pye. One boy named Jerry Pye has always wanted a dog. He finds his sister, Rachel, at his house one day, and he says he is going to buy 
Better than the tape version... I use an audio copy of P&P when teaching it in class - we read through important passages together without the loss of my voice. 
Engaging and easy reading. Bart Ehrman is a biblical scholar that writes like a historical detective solving a plot. This book as well as others of his give a very 
Literature that rightfully make us proud to be Japanese. If ever criticized, The Temple of the Golden Pavilion by Yukio Mishima is chided most frequently for some of its seemingly 
All levels of users gain insights. George Maestri s Digital Character Animation 3 provides new artwork to pair with animator and writer George Maestri s insights on the theory and 
Good information. Good detail and a great number of organizations makes this a decent addition to anyone s FR library  
Pocket book for the supermarket. This purse-size book is indespensible! It lists total carbs, fiber, net carbs, protein, fat, and calories to help you make the best choices, or even 
delightfully wonderful. I have read this book twice and both times in 2 days tops! I wanted to climb right in and live amongst the characters. I felt so much 
What s next?. When I came back to USA in 1990 from Japan after 10 years, I was a little shocked. It s there are so many obese. I stop 
4.5 stars. Again... early King is the best King. This book is so good you ll read it back to back  
ken gelder is a interlecctual genius. what ken does with this book is amazing for a basic person like me to sit down and read a book like this is 
Winterdance, An Unbelievable Adventure. This is the funniest and most enjoyable non-fiction book that I have ever read. I recommend it highly  
A kind of instruction manual and roadmap. Journey Into Community: Looking Inside The Community Learning Center provides the reader with a kind of instruction manual and roadmap of what to 
A Book That Invites Mental Participation. Does Cliff Pickover provide an answer to humanity s questions about the nature of God? Absolutely not. What he does in this book is 
The best book on the subject. As a therapist, I have found this to be the best book addressing the issues of female sex addicts and female codependency. It is 
A sweeping, accessible overview of the hypnotic process. Rick Voit, Ph.D. Co-author: Hypnosis in Clinical Practice: Steps for Mastering Hypnotherapy. Routledge Trancework is a wonderful achievement in presenting a thorough 
EXCELLENT. This was the second book I read from Lisa See and I was so enchanted with her sytle and informative insights. This was a pleasure to read and I 
excellent textbook. I felt I had to answer the 2 irresponsible reviews above. This is an excellent introduction to critical thinking. It is thoughtful clear, and enjoyable to read. Each 
past lives future healings. This is one of her most awsome books. It is just one of many many good books that she has put out there for us to 
Easy to understand. This is a straightforward interpretation book for Tarot cards. Easy to use and understand. I have many books on Tarot cards, but for getting to the meaning 
Precise, centered reflection that has not dimmed with years. George MacDonald s classic work continues to take the breath away of spiritual pilgrims who find him for the first time. 
A must read for Fundamental Investors. Philip Fisher s thoughts and experience are invaluable and timeless. Not as boring to read as the intelligent investors though both are equally important 
Strained relations. This 18th chronicle of Brother Cadfael has less about him and more about history. In fact, he really only appears at the beginning and at the ending and 
Must Have for Baking. I bought this book because I was just the average cook searching for a cookbook that would tell me what to do exactly and why. I 
Superb, mordant, brilliant: one of the best books written. Not only is Tacitus one of the sharpest narrative historians who has ever lived, not only are we incredibly fortunate to 
 Good Times, Bad Boys will rock your world!. Twenty-seven-year-old Echo Brennan feels as if the life she s dreamed of since she was in her teens is slowly slipping 
Captain Vimes goes into diplomacy. Once upon a time in the Multiverse there was indeed a Fifth Elephant floating around aimlessly. He could not help it, but he crashed violently 
Great practical book. This book is a wonderful read. It offers a clear strategy and provides ways to set realistic goals. I think it is really important to read for 
Garden Retreats Review. When you make a garden, it doesn t matter what type of garden it is. You will still need structure to help tie it to the earth 
Good Crichton, not his best. Intriguing as always, exciting from the first page, strong for the first 2 3rds and less editorializing than usual, but it s just not as 
Balloons Casting Shadows on Stars. This isn t a purely positive review of this book but I liked the content. Take your curiousity, unleash it on a home where homeless 
A Long Overdue Return to Old Man And The Sea . . . A Joyful Read!. Reading once again Old Man And The Sea by Ernest Hemingway was simply a 
Read for comparison, keep for the artwork. Although somewhat brief, this translation of the Tao Te Ching is concise, not lacking. It is a good complement to the Arthur Waley 
How to automate review. I found this book very helpful because it shows so many projects and system features that I can incorporate into my home automation system. I never 
Sensing our feelings, feeling our senses. Ever heard a song or smelt a perfume that took you suddenly and unexpectedly back to another time and place? What is most amazing 
This is a well written and comprehensive study of ferns. This book has excellent photographs and drawings, and describes in great detail the may species of ferns. The beginning of 
A beautiful, enlightening book. For those unfamiliar with Isalm, Abou El Fadl cracks open the tradition. You can see Islamic reasoning at work as he compares sources, uses the ancient 
Good for business, more than I needed. This is an excellent book. I just recently started raising chickens and was disappointed at the information available at the local library. I 
Somewhat helpful, very interesting. I myself write westerns, so I bought this book in the hopes that it would help my writings be more accurate. While the information contained in 
Pretty good. I m a big Clay fan and from the reviews, I thought this would be a bit better. It was well written, but was a bit on the 
Jewels of the Sun: The Gallaghers of Ardmore Trilogy #1. If you are a Nora Roberts fan you will not be disappointed in this trilogy. The added fantasy of fairies 
Special. I love Appalachia history and would rate this as my favorite book on the subject. I hated to see the book end  
Excellent effort - looking forward to more. Although I think the secondary characters could use a little more attention, the primary ones are well drawn and believable. It s a 
Making sense of the Book of Revelation. Overall, this book is an attempt to put the coming events prophesied in Revelation and other books of the Hebrew Scriptures and Christian 
An Outstanding Work. Charles King combines meticulous research with engrossing storytelling to produce a work that is at once intellectually rigorous and readable. Ambitious in its scope, the book traces 
A great read for those who are selling to CIO s. As a professional services sales person I am always researching how I can better service the needs of clients 
All about Time and more. The one thing one can say about Stephen Teo is that he has figured out Wong Kar-wai in part because he understands the enigmatic director 
A witchy book. Dorothy Gale finds herself in a strange land. She must muster all of her strength to travel the yellow brick road, find the wizard, kill the Wicked 
Interesting study of television. This book provides an indepth look into the effect of television on Indian people, esp women. I thought the book was easy to read and understand, 
Great Book -- But What a Challenge. Love in the Present Tense by Morrie and Arleah Shechtman presents ideas that are so intuitively obvious at least in retrospect that I 
Good, but slowly being replaced by online resources. This a good book, don t get me wrong. However, having been edited back in 1998, and being -as it is- largely 
where is the green sheep?. It is a great book for preschooler and beginner to learn to read  
Totally kool!!!!!!!. This book was totally awesome! Don t read this review anymore if you don t won t me to spoil the ending.WELL, at the end of INKHEART you 
Remley s scholarship is characteristically brilliant. Paul Remley s scholarship in this work is characteristically brilliant. Cannot recommend it highly enough, even at the eighty-dollar ticket price  
Dare to disturb the universe... Some books you forget as soon as you set down. Not this one.I never liked Robert Cormier when I was younger. I thought he was 
Best Reference Book Ever for Polymer Science. This book is organized in such a clear fashion that you will find virtually any fundamental polymer property, its origin and related theories 
Periodizing the 80s. Camera Politica is a must for all who are interested in studying the development of film studies. In this book, Michael Ryan and Douglas Kellner offer a 
A work of art. Thank you, Amazon, for recommending this exquisite novel to me as a Gold Box special. With an afterword by Annie Proulx and the recent success of 
An Honest Truth-Seeker. To anyone with even minimal objectivity, it s no secret major media outlets are biased and have been for decades. But why? Bernard Goldberg answers that question 
Very Helpful. This is a great book to have. Easy reading, nice illustrations, great information  
Frommer s Washington DC 2006 guide has it all!. Frommer s continues its tradition of excellence with the 2006 guide to D.C. Most helpful to us were the Getting to 
Timeless lyrics and beautiful illustrations!. Take one look at this book and you will realize how much thought, time, and effort was put into its creation. I read this book 
compelling and well-written. This was an absolute intoxicating read. I loved it from the first to the last page. Well-written, dramatic and surprising. Thank goodness his work has been newly 
Couldn t Be Weirder. If you re ready for the bizzare, look no farther than this book. It is as bizzare as any form of Ripley s has ever been. 
imagery at its finest. Saul Williams never ceases to amaze me, &quot;She&quot; creates terrific imagery thru written word. &quot;She&quot; is a very inspired writing that will touch the soul of 
Style and Tragedy. I enjoyed the review by Eric Karl Anderson. But I d like to add a few things about Anderson s identity interpretation on the five characters that 
An important and impressive book. I lived in Japan when the subway attack happened and I will never forget the reaction from the Japanese people: they were terrified! When this 
a great read. This was my read of a book by Jane Ann Krentz. I was pleasantly suprised by the co=hesive flow of the book. I would compare her story 
a necessary volume. this book, along with stanley karnow s &quot;in our image&quot; and james hamilton-paterson s &quot;america s boy&quot; should be a necessary primer on america s tragic flirtation 
Superb. This is the best book I have read on the history of globalization. It is superb. It is well written. It is sweeping in its vision. And the scholarship 
Best essay on this subject I ever read. This is a very well referenced review of this emotional subject. The arguments are measured and compelling. Those who did not like 
 Sew Nice... . I purchased this book to use as a text book for a beginning sewing class I was teaching. I was very pleased with the book and 
excellent book to start real-world circuit design. This book contains good amount of practical information and is clear and easy-reading. For people who are fresh out of college, this book 
to close to home. Sometimes the truth hurts. Dr. Laura always tells it like it is, even when we don t realize it. My husband actually bought me this book 
Well written, colorful, informative, and important. This wonderful book was recommended to me by a dear friend who is a professor of economics at the University of Michigan. I purchased 
Canadian rail travel Guide. I have booked a holiday travelling from one side to the other of Canada by rail. This book is just what I need giving me a 
Glimpse of a faithful Christian. This is one of those books where the minute you pick it up and read the first page, you had to finish it. Bill Bright 
Very Good recipes. I ve tried most of the Meat recipes and have liked them all. Some could have the spices upped a little bit for more zing. I just 
Good addition to the series, but not my favorite ... Elizabeth s Wolf fits in between Lora Leigh s first two Feline Breed stories Tempting the Beast and The Man 
Rate the BOOK not the arguments!. It amazes me how many of the previous reviewers failed to review the quality of the book translation, print, etc , but rather insisted 
If you buy one book in your whole life, buy this one. I read this book a few years ago. After I read it, the book went right around my 
Absolutely AWESOME!. Usually I write a review only if I dislike something about a book. I rarely bother to write good reviews, because every book gets so many of them. 
 The hurt ones were quiet; no one wept, much less screamed in pain... . When the atomic bomb dropped at 8:15 a.m. on August 6, 1945, Hiroshima was a 
Outstanding Reference! Just About Perfect!. This 800-page classic reference, on a difficult and hugely multi-faceted subject, appears to cover just about every possible area in this huge category! Not only 
Thank you Rachel Ray. Great book, I gave it to my grandaughter. She loves it. Very easy to follow the recipes and real simple dishes to make.  
Cool Kitchens. This book contains an excellent collection of photos of Arts & Crafts period kitchens. It discusses the philosophy of design Gustav Stickley and others advocated and shows you 
A Spanish teacher loves this book. Since I m not a native speaker I had my class concentrate more on learning to read and translate Spanish. They pretty much liked 
A great book. It s a highly informative and non-judgemental history of not only celibacy, but also sexuality in general throughout many different times and cultures. I loved the way 
truly captures the life of the young ballplayer. Having played for Coach Gattis in college I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. Ten years may have mellowed the man some, but, 
Excellent coverage of the channel islands. From a recent sailing trip out of Santa Barbara through the channel islands I can tell you that this book is invaluable. His treatment 
A tasty and authentic treat!. Assisted by historians at Harvard and Boston University and librarians at the National Archives and Library of Congress, this book is well-researched and visually rich. 
Very Good Information. Back to basics with lots of good information. Gives you a new look at how to eat correctly, stay full, and keep healthy  
A wonderfully hopeful and uplifting story. By the time I had got to page 47 I was hooked!I found the language a little slower to read than normal, having to 
One of the best in a popular mystery series. This is one of my favorite Anna Pigeon novels. She is a ranger in Guadeloupe Mountains National Park and comes across 
My First Intro. This was my first delving into the wonderful world of Nietsche. Very good and very interesting. I ve had a passing interest in Philosophy for a while 
A Very Good Book - If You Know What You re In For. The cover of The Company of Strangers includes a review describing this book as Casablanca seen through 
One would think... One would think that after writing five completely charming novels about the despair of three orphans, Lemony Snicket would have trouble writing another novel that lives up 
Good. Helped me become aware of what I can aim to work towards in listening. A very good book. I bought another book on listening at the same time as 
Gorey s a scary guy... Even the most seemingly innocuous tale becomes bizarre and sinister in his hands, thanks to his macabre, claustrophobic writing style. I don t remember which 
Amazing Stuff. This is a wonderful book! Inspiring to adults as well as children of all ages and even got me painting again! Peter Reynolds has done it again with 
Wisdom from an authentic life. Sadly very few books and authors today can genuinely be called wise. This is not the case with Mr. Michell nor his books, this collection 
Ian Myles Slater on: The Way of War and Peace. As discreetly acknowledged on the back cover, this book was originally published in hardcover as The Tao of Peace. That 
fond memories. This was one of my childhood favorites, along with The Science Book by the same author. This is the only nonfiction book that I remember with fondness from 
Thoughtful and Important. I have to admit that my understanding of this philosophical text by Wittgenstein minimal at best. The book is small and is broken down into short, declarative 
It would have been great... if my wife would have read it or received it with an open mind.  
A Great Book about a Great Civilization during the Middle Ages. Henry Adams MONT SAINT MICHEL AND CHARTRES MSMC is simply a great book. Adams lucid writing style and his 
The Very Best Of Sunset. I truly love these annuals, and it shows. Every one of my Sunset Annuals is spattered and bookmarked, because I use them so often.These are 
Music For the Theatre... The Broadway theater was in a decline in the Thirties due to the Depression, and there were not big standouts, but many movie stars learned their 
The Gift. I would rank this book in the 10 most important I have read. His study of Gift giving throughout history and with different cultures changed my entire view 
A moving first novel. Sturgeon was always very much a humane writer. This shows in this, his first novel. Even thought it s not listed as a juvenile, it pretty 
An Imaginative Adventure Through Time. Doc Dollitle is a very good book it has a total adventure backlot. I love his animals this story goes beyond the movie to further 
Must have for a good complete verterinarian. If you can only have one Internal Medicine book in your library this is it. Very little not found in this book...Authors have 
The most profound book I ve ever read. This book blew me away. Tolstoy explains the cause of conflicts between divergent theories of life, the intrinsic hypocrisy of life in 
a treasure. For me, A Child s Christmas in Wales is the single most beautiful piece of Christmas literature in the English language.And once you hear the author himself reading 
I was surprised. This book was rather good. I actually found some things local to me and I live in the middle of no where. I liked this book. Covered 
A must have for any Cthulhu Mythos lover. This book is a must have. As soon as I saw it on the shelf I knew it had to be good. 
Poor Customer Service. Absorbing book!My concern is the very poor customer service of Amazon.com. So far I have been unable to reach anyone at Amazon.com, so will use any venue 
me talk pretty one day... this is my first time reading sedaris... i m about 3 4 of the way through the book now... and i have to say, this 
Memory lane. EllynAnne Geisel s book, Apron Chronicles evoked all the scents and comforts of my 60 s childhood, a time before microwave meals and premixed desserts. As I read 
Ann Martin s Inside Out - before Babysitters Club. I came across The Baby-Sitters Club #32 - The secret of Susan. That book is about a neighborhood girl with autism 
I m convinced. I m convinced, but then I usually am! I read Graham Hancocks book Fingerprints of the Gods and was convinced as well! This book basically bashes Hanccock 
Is everybody happy?. The real job of the anthologist is not, of course, to assemble anthologies but to anger and annoy readers. Only census takers have more doors slammed in 
Excellent introduction to ray tracing. &quot;An Introduction to Ray Tracing&quot; is an excellent nuts and bolts summary of the science and practice of ray tracing. Easy to read source code 
Leadership rules in a turbulent world. A worthwhile book on survival through good leadership  
Examines Jewish Humor from every Angle. This is a very interesting and humorous book. Most of the greats that I am familiar with are represented here so you get a 
Harvey MacKay Writes Yet Another Terrific Book. Buy &quot;Pushing The Envelope&quot; today. It is a great boo  
Ah, old people... Just when you think your your spry old neighbor is the father you never had, he gets drunk and turns your cat into a zombie...Some people Stephen 
Love it!. Finally an organizing book that focuses on the real how to of getting your home organized. I have other books on this subject but, this is my favorite. 
 Druker thougths will live on for many decades to come . Management new paradigms, strategy, the change leader, information challenges, knowledge worker productivity, managing oneself, Druker proved himself more 
AHEAD OF IT S TIME. I SAW THE MOVIE A LONG TIME AGO WHEN I WAS A LITTLE GIRL, I READ THE BOOK 2 YEARS AGO AND IT WAS NOTHING 
A Fabulous Friendship!. I came across this gentle book while shopping for gifts for my daughter s 6th birthday. This is a book about friendship and that is a very 
Another Hit !!. I got this for my son when he was 1, the book is read nearly every nightwith Barnyard Dance. Needless to say it is about to fall 
Invisible yes, but not unreachable !. Phillip Yancey has become one of my favourite authors. This is because he is not afraid to ask tough questions, does not always provide 
Yes: Stevens and Ashbery. Yes, Graham s The Errancy is in the spirit of Stevens and Ashbery--perhaps even inheriting their spirits--and what s wrong with that? This is my favorite 
women that are abused. I was aware that woman are abused but not to the extent that this bookenlightned me. It is a very real problem in todays world and 
A Beautiful Story. I m not sure how I missed this short novel 146 pages in the hardback edition when it was published in 1984. I ve never read a 
Historically exciting, intriquing and romantic. I ve read reviews regarding the follow-up to Princess of Fire , Knight of Fire and was disappointed to find that many readers considered Knight 
Good, could be better. The Village That Vanished is a story about the people of an African village who work together to avoid slavers that are coming their way, showing 
The Usborne Book of World History. What a facinating book! The layout of this book is reader friendly for all ages 7-69 years old at our house and levels of 
Great book. A fantastic book, pure delight. Perfect from the first page to the last: consistent quality. A book one cannot leave aside  
lacuna. I did not read all of the above reviews, but I agreed with most of what I did read and found the book to be cogent and satisfying in 
Great, easy to read book on the history of New Netherland. This book is very easy to read, almost like a novel, yet, it contains highly detailed description of events 
What a guy, what a book. Bill is a true moderate, the kind who get to chat with our Dear Leader, who is well known for fielding tough questions from 
A must-have book. The following book review was published in Horse & Rider magazine, November 2004.Title: Howell Equine Handbook of Tendon & Ligament InjuriesAuthor: Linda B. Schultz, DVM, PhDReviewed by: 
From the Back Cover. The political and religious fervor among Muslims, symbolized by the Iranian Revolution, gives us an often perplexing picture of the politics of the Muslim world. What 
Great expectations. As a future teacher of yoga I found idea of such book absolutely incredible. I even had in mind of writing something like that myself. Models are great 
A lovely Christmas tale with an Australian flavour. Wombat Divine is an Australian Classic and in my opinion one of Mem Fox s best. My family now own hundreds of 
Rodale s Illustrated Encyclopedia of Herbs. Book arrived in just a few days and in very good shape. Most pleased with the service  
Excellent for the intermediate advanced producer. This book cuts right to the heart of techniques that you can build off of to form your own tricks and styles. It really 
Raising children in an uncivilized world. Discipline teaches our children right from wrong and to care about doing right, to think of others before themselves. Too bad we can t 
Danged good. JorG, the little green alien, not only knows the contractor who built the danged universe, as the reader finds out in Cottondale Confirmation, oh-hellum yep, the Stubian green 
Another great installment in the In Death series. Lt. Eve Dallas is catching killers once again in this installment of the In Death series.The story is great, with two identical 
classic. Olga: I have the 1962 version and it s been back and forth to Italy with me numerous times. It s the clearest most brief summary i have seen. 
Best reference on seed starting. This is a great reference book for gardeners who are interested in starting plants from seed rather than buying the same old stuff from their 
Junie is Awesome!!. Junie B. is definitely #1 for kid s books regardless of the one you pick! My daughter & I love reading these books & laughing together! We 
One of the best books on this subject for kids of any age. I have a fairly sizeable collection of Titanic books, but until now I had nothing written and 
Best crime fiction of the year. Ghost in the Rainbow is a compulsive read. I couldn t put it down. Because of my own battles with alcoholism and substance abuse, 
true stories that you just have to finish. This is an objective look at some of the biggest mysteries in the horse world. Unlike many writers, the author doesn t 
There are reasons this is a classic. I read this brilliant, disturbing novel twenty five years ago when I was in high school and liked it very much. I liked 
Best cookbook nutrition reference ever!. A comprehensive listing of super foods, their selection, storage, and preparation methods that include the best ways to preserve nutrients. I m now hooked on 
me talk pretty one day... this is my first time reading sedaris... i m about 3 4 of the way through the book now... and i have to say, this 
Convoluted and shades of Stephen King!. What a villain this book contains. It starts a bit slow, but builds to crescendo. You won t want to put it down until 
I thought this would be disappointing, I was wrong! Its rather nice. I wasn t that impressed with the idea behind this book, fashion as such doesn t really interest 
A Definitive History of Black Gospel Music. This book is a well-written history of black gospel. I found the style very informative yet entertaining. Robert Darden has pulled together many 
Ah , but isn t he the luckiest of men.... It is March and in my 1st grade this means the reading of Tomie De Poala s fine collection of 
This book helps take the hardship out of distance. Long distance relationships are the hardest relationship to survive. I know...I have been in one! Additionally, of all the couples I 
Once more- Nevermore. Poe is a poet of great intensity and music, of haunting rhythm and obsessive feeling. This collection contains the lyrics he is most known for including the 
The only book you need to buy or sell a business. If you are buying or selling a business, or just want to know the value of your company, this 
Great Look at Howard s Development as a Writer. As is pointed out by the editor of this volume, it s a mistake to view Kull -- as many people 
Good Sequel, Some Reservations. Shiloh Season is the second book in the Shiloh Trilogy. In this ongoing saga, 11-year-old Marty must face some of the consequences of past decisions, particularly 
Favorite Storyline of the Film. and most definitely my favorite out of the first 4 graphics novels of sin city. Dwight McCarthy is a dangerous and sexy man with a 
Beautiful book. This book is topical and beautfully illustrated. It is an excellent book to introduce children to the war in Iraq in a nonpolitical way and to break some 
Jane Austen s Best Novel. In my opinion, this is Jane Austen s greatest book. Anne Elliot is a beautifully written character, and Austen subtly conveys her strength of mind 
Not just the content... Whats great about this book is not just the content, about which all other reviews have been raving anyway, but its paper, spiral binding and hard 
Phillips breaks down the walls of misunderstanding. The reader from San Diego obviously did not read the book. Not only does Phillips separate taggers and gangbangers into different chapters, she 
Highly Recommend. Think and Grow Rich is one of the most important self help books ever related to success and prosperity. The price of this edition is excellent, and this 
The Theological Discourses of John Donne. Jeffrey Johnson, by means of a serious, erudite and documented work, portrays the religious writings of John Donne as texts fruit of a well-founded 
Warm and wonderful. This book brought tears to my eyes the first time I read it. It is warm and comforting. A wonderful message for children that their mama will 
The definitive book on the subject!. This engaging book describes some of the best research I ve seen in the 30 years I ve worked in the area of increasing 
 This word damnation terrifies not him . Christopher Marlowe is awsone. What other Renaissance writer was a freakin spy? I mean, I like Shakespeare s plays and all, but 
I thought it was pretty good. Actually, I rather enjoyed the book. It didn t look as though Patzia is so concerned with making a strong position as he is 
Comedy of Manners - Two Editions Reviewed. The Way of the World, a classic example of comedy of manners, did not immediately appeal to me. My first reading was the 
a book that will keep you up all night. Like kids playing with fire, this is a story of two kids messing with things that should be touched. Harriet a 
THE BLUEBIRD MONITOR S GUIDE. THIS BOOK IS A MUST FOR ANYONE WHO HAS A BLUEBIRD TRAIL OR IS CONSIDERING STARTING ONE IT HAS PARTICAL INFORMATION FROM THOSE WHO HAVE 
Can there be a rave review of a group theory book?. This book has the best explanation of Clifford algebrathat I ve ever seen.The coverage of dihedral, space groups, quaternions 
Great book. This is a great book if one is interested in learning more about the world of LBO s and the dealings of wall street. If you read Den 
A fascinating read. I picked this book up at the airport, opened it on the plane and I couldn t put it down. Edward Regis turns this topic into a 
A logical argument, and yet more troops are being sent now. Arnove s book lays out, in a pretty straight-forward manner 105 pages, not counting the foreword, afterword, appendix, acknowledgement, 
great book. Who doesnt love the Wind in the Willows? great book for children, I love it even now as a college student. I brought it with me and keep 
As One Dead is the best. Being a White wolf buff and a vampire fanatic, As One Dead was true to it all. I found the book interesting, non-linear, and 
True to form. Man, I just love King George! I really couldn t tell you how many times I could read and re-read his Song of Fire and Ice series. 
The South Beach Diet Works. THis book motivated me lose the weight I needed to lose due to health concerns. Even though I was eating healthy meals, I continued to 
Prince, not Princess. While the protagonist of Babette Cole s story may already be a prince, he still leads a Cinderella-like life in Prince Cinders. The prince s mean older 
I love this Trouble!. One of the best aspects of this book was, when it ended, it was left open for a sequel! Will Maggie open her mind to her 
Good Book. Considering that MONAD is a new shell and not many books are available in the market this book is a great introduction to MONAD. The author introduces the 
BEAUTIFUL!. I have been writing Japanese for years, and I started with the author s &quot;Let s Learn Hiragana&quot; and &quot;Let s Learn Katakana.&quot; I loved both books, especially the 
A good introduction to nanotech. This book was a relatively quick read. It covers most of the basics without burying the novice like myself in the wealth of details in 
Getting the Love You Want: A Guide for Couples. Awesome, down to earth. A must rea  
Best Book Available on subject. The late Aryeh Kaplan was a Rabbi, scholar, and Kabbalist. In addition to his valuable and readable commentaries on Sefer Yetzirah and Sefer Bahir, he 
Just like the originals. I just got this book in the mail today and I love it already. The pages are nice sized and the books are sturdy enough for 
simplicity in form. For everyone who thinks they have creative ability. This is simply the book to read. This book is slowly but surely transforming and discipling me to become 
Fascinating facts, and a really good read. It s hard to make something so filled with detailed facts read like a novel, but the author has done it. The Man 
A must read for anyone who wants to be in a relationship. I have been reading this book nonstop. I was curious if it has helped others as much as 
History Forum, not a riview of. This is a history Forum and I like it!!!!Opinion 1.So, there is a lot of hate between Greeks and Turks, between Armenians and Turks, 
Get what you pay for. There is a reason everyone gives this book 5 stars.  
A fair question, great responses... Is scientific research winding down? Is what we can know scientifically coming to an end? At some point every scientist asks him herself this question. 
Great Book...Greater Footnotes. I absolutely enjoyed this book...but what I enjoyed even more than the book itself was the amazing resource of classic authors and texts through Gary Thomas extensive 
Best Golf Book for Full Swing Today. Nick knows the golf swing inside and out. Get the book and keep working with it. You will get better. I can t 
Hi-Tech schmi-tech, I m in investment banking and I use it. There is nothing more difficult or sensitive in my business than decision making. The chapter on the &quot;decision tree&quot; 
homage to hiv. Shilts great book shows us how much of the AIDS related suffering of the last twenty years could so easily have been avoided. The book opens with 
Excellent Book. A Success Plan for Creating and Consuming HumorHow to be Funny on Purpose, by Edgar E. Willis artfully blends content-rich information with an entertaining and motivating writing style. 
One of the greats of American literature. I hate to reiterate a common point made by many reviewers but I feel it s necessary to say once again! that the 
Excellent, unbiased, well-written piece of journalism and entertainment. My favorite chapter of this book was Branding the Babies that provided an historical summary of the methods and initiatives by the 
A practical book of NLP techniques. If I am being selfish like my past, I would not have written this review to let you know that this is such a 
wanted more of the scot. I did enjoy the book i liked the time with Patrick Leslie but i wanted more of Logan thought he was a good character that 
Highly informative. Read this a few years ago. Recently reread it.One of the few books on this subject and one of the most informative.Nicely laid out.For those interested in this 
great reference. this book is a great reference for home schoolingit is easy to read and very informative and inspiring. I felt it was very honest in it s presentation 
Great Book and Intro to the Computer Repair Business!. IF you want a book heavy on accounting theory or how to repair some rare technical problem, this isn t it. 
New and revised - The New Way To Sell. My casette tape case says revised for the 90 s and this program is. You will hear some of the old 
Among the creme of the creme of business books. This is one of the most insightful books I ve ever come across. The author is simply a genious. Embracing the 
A chapter apiece for the ladies of Brewster Place. Gloria Naylor s book reads fast, just like life is lived on the little dead end street known as Brewster Place. 
A most helpful and comprehensive book. I loved the easy-to-read style of the book. Loved it so much I ve begun reading other books within the series of &quot;everything you 
starkly true. As I read each word and turned each page I remembered all the horrors of war. Of all the novels I have read there has not been one 
Delighted with this book. It s funny how some books end up getting used more than others. I m not sure I would have predicted I d have used this 
Very Knowledgeable Author. The author is obviously one of the experts in her field. I have found her books and lectures very insightful. She has a depth and breadth of 
An Effective Guide to Stretching for Anyone!. Ultimate Flexibility, by Sang H. Kim, is a thorough, yet clear and practical guide on how to stretch effectively and enjoyably. This book 
Intense reading. This collection of interviews with Flanagan and his wife along with some of his creative work is a great tribute to a man who had so much to 
The father of medieval thinking. Aristotle was in fact a Macedonian by birth and had as one of his utmost desires to be accepted in Athens as a full-fledged citizen, 
Much needed book!. Hi Ladies,Please read this book even if you do not want to. If you know you should read it, but cannot get past that reader s block 
Makes a great gift. I am buying several copies of A Short Guide to a Happy Life and giving them as gifts to my graduating daughter and several of her 
First Time Jayne Ann Krentz. All in all this was a good read. I never suspected the killer  
If you read one book this year make it Lonesome Dove . Like many of the other reviewers here have already stated, this is a book to be read by 
Solid Parker. While the reviews on this book go from one to five, it would appear the ones don t understand why anyone would like this book and the fives 
A wealth of gorgeous and practical suggestions for adding that special touch of vibrancy to their personal living space. The Decorating Idea Book offers the enterprising homeowner or apartment dweller 
An invaluable tool for the Stirling Engine Designer. Allan Organ has written the most in-depth study of regenerators to date. The intense mathematical treatment is accompanied by graphs and tables 
Theoretical universal AI. Solomonoff s famous inference model solves the inductive learning problem in a universal and provably very powerful way. Many methods from statistics maximum likelihood, maximum entropy, minimum 
Compelling. I came late to the Anne Heche party. I loved her in Volcano a schlocky movie and only recently saw her in Six Days, Seven Nights which I surprisingly 
A must for every educator. Every elementary school should have this book in the staff lounge for those down times when you need to see the humor in what is 
The most thorough analysis of the SAT and ETS to date. Mr. Owen operates on the Educational Testing Service--and its lackeys, the College Board--like a surgeon with a mission. That 
Great story. Great art. I normally avoid the cosmic heaven-hell angels-demons stuff like the plague, but the entire Preacher series got such good reviews, I bought the first one. Then 
Spurgeon s Color Atlas of Large Animal Anatomy. I am a fourth year vet student and have found this book to be a great clinical reference book. It is an 
Eastern and Western medical wisdom. A collection of simple ways to improve the quality and quantity of your life, combining Eastern and Western medical wisdom  
A godsend!. As a personal trainer and unfortunate lover of fast food which I never eat but long for this book was a godsend. The recipes are easy, and taste 
Excellent read. This is a must-read for anyone considering home ownership. I was able to learn many important things as well as pull together what I already knew. In fact 
Different Approach to Relationships. I used to think that if I just found the perfect way to do relationships, I would never get hurt or have my heart broken.Lewis counters 
WAR ON THE HOME FRONT. The plot is very feasible considering the state of the world at present. Modern technology is advancing at such a rate that all the fancy 
A Book Review of Tuck Everlasting by Tearinery Petersen. Tuck Everlasting by Natalie Babbitt. I thought this book was a beautifully written. Natalie talks about life and death. Tuck Everlasting 
Fun Facts. My aunt a teacher gave this book to my son for last Christmas though barely 2. He loves it! What a great concept for a book! It has 
Interesting and original. This is the story of a graphic design class, except it really is a graphic design class. Our hero is enrolled in an art class at a 
A1 material. really easy to read and understand, good use of plain english, it was even read by my boyfriend who is a bass player, and he learned a thing 
It s A Keeper !. I wasn t sure that this was what I was looking for on my first pass through. It didn t take long on my second 
This book tells it like it is!. This was a great read and the authors are to be commended for their research and honesty. The women s organizations have become 
Great book. I really like this very simple to read and understand book. It is great for checking out what plants you want to plant.  
Teaching Academic Esl Writing: Practical Techniques in Vocabulary and Grammar. I am vary satisfied with the quality of service and book condition. I received everything on time.I would rate this 
Gazing into the mind s I ?. Four centuries ago, Rene Descartes opined: I think, therefore I am. In this one five word sentence he reduced all provable human phenomenon 
warm and fuzzy. I really enjoyed this book! As an Iranian, I loved getting a behind the scenes look at an Italian family and was struck by the universality of 
Good cop murder story. The body of a beautiful woman is found, floating in Boston harbor, with the heart surgically removed. At first glance, it seems that a serial killer, 
How Is It Possible?!. How is it possible that after decades of writing vintage mysteries like Dark Assassin: A Novel - the great Anne Perry manages to make each more 
Your Adolescent: Emotional, Behavioral, and Cognitive Development from Early Adolescence Through the Teen Years by David Pruitt. After searching for years for more info about my son, I found much 
Whittaker strikes again!. The software community has been awaiting for a book like this. It s a almost perfect intro to software security concepts. Again, Whittaker keeps it low in 
Lifesaver. I admit, at first I could feel my eyeballs melting from the pedantic aura that radiated from the Economy of Nature. The text followed a simple, formulaic method of 
Practical models for Corporate Environmental Strategies. I bought this book while writing my under-graduation final project in Corporate Environmental Strategies , which was later published in a Brazilian magazine called 
Funny, Moving. A great memoir of Jesse Lee s Life. The book is both funny and moving. But in the end it seems rushed and like she just wants to 
A FEEL GOOD BOOK. This really is the best massage book I ve ever read  
The only Indian cook book that I use. After several failed attempts of making Indian food at home I bought a copy of Classic Indian Cooking.I was both surprised and 
It s for BEGINNERS. This is a book for those whose knowlege of 12 volt systems could be summed up as &quot;well, I know there s a battery in there 
Precise observation of nature. Published in 1987, this book contains page-length poems selected by the author. You don t read these poems to get a story line, but rather a 
I actually became smarter after reading this book ; . The book offers a very broad and seemingly unrelated range of information. You read, familiarize yourself with the theory of 
California Impressionism. Wonderful colors and plates. Inspirational to browse through or informative to read and digest. A good addition to any art library  
Good Practical Advice. When I began this book, I found it elementary, having worked with a coach for 3 years and done a great deal of work in the area 
Clinton-Era Wake-Up Call. My only beef about this book is that I waited too long to purchase it. It was written during the 2000 campaign, and meant as a tocsin 
Short but Sweet. Although not the longest of books, McKillip s The Changeling Sea will make a womderful addition to your bookshelf, as it has mine.McKillip s prose is as 
A WONDERFUL BOOK. Relatively few works are likely to concretely impact the quality of our everyday life. According to my opinion, and based on the experiment which I made of 
Should be required for about 75 of us. A solution manual is a great thing to have in an undergraduate biochem class.All of the solutions are in the back section.The 
On Cooking. This book is a huge help for anyone seeking more knowledge in the culinary arts area. It provides you with many tips on how to cook in high 
A TRUE LEGEND NEVER DIES. I would just like to say that Tupac was a mentor to a alot of young people like myself. I have read every book that 
This book is just what I needed. I ve seen some bad reviews of this book, but those people must not have needed it as badly as I did. I 
Excellent. I have to come to the defense of Martha Grimes on this book in view of the many detractors. Having read all of her Richard Jury mysteries I was 
Zany illustrations accompanying whimsical poems. Siebold s zany illustrations accompany whimsical poems by Wilbur which combine plays on words with instructions about language. Kids receive some fun lessons on word 
A Wonderful Treat. There is something for everyone in O Carroll s writing. If you read and enjoyed The Mammy then don t wait another minute before reading The Chisellers. 
Noteworthy English mystery. Peter Robinson s A Dedicated Man is a thoughtfully constructed murder mystery conducted by Chief Inspector Alan Banks. Banks has fairly recently abandoned the hubbub of London 
So glad it found me!. I probably wouldn t have bought this had I known it was a short story collection but I m SO glad I did.As with any 
Zillionaire s Bumpy Romantic Road Hit Home to Many!!. 1.8 years ago, I took a close look at Tom Perkins as I covered his plenary discussion at the BIO 2004 
A great realistic overview. A very &quot;down-to-earth&quot; realistic overview of life with adult children in today s world and the challenges and victories we face together. The first 35 pages 
For everyone who has ever had a product to sell... Pam Danziger has a clear understanding of the realities of today s marketplace and the trends for the future. She 
Monsters in the Museum. I happened to discover this book on a dusty old bookshelf in a basement. The plot sounded interesting, and I began reading it as an experiment.I 
A Great Translation. Jesse Byock s translation of the Vlsungasaga manages to be both faithful and readable not as common a combination as you might think , and it strikes 
Among Merton s Finest Books!. I commend New Directions for issuing a facsimile reprint of the original of this valuable book. Who would not say that here is a publishing 
Placing a value on knowledge. When Adam Smith was writing about economics back in 1776 he was right in that the basics of the economy was labor, capital and land. 
filing organization. Very motivating and easy to follow. Lot s of good ideas. I m trying the system, and so far it s workin  
funny, insightful, and an easy read... George Sessions Perry s Hold Autumn in Your Hand is a classic piece of Texas literature. He writes in a style that allows the 
Very Handy Review Grammar. This is a thorough review of intermediate Italian grammar. The material is presented in tabular form for quick review, but is more comprehensive and detailed than 
Excuse Me Your Life Is Waithing: The Asthonishing Power of Feelings. Well here it is, after many years of searching I found this book several years ago. This book not 
The Perfect Read. I loved this book. Not just a book for horse people and racing fans, but a true human interest story. He dosen t leave out any of 
Excellent for Discussion. This is a book that supplies more examples than just what it is when dealing with ethics. There is so much here that occurs in important decisions 
A must read for all who plan to self publish. Written in his engaging yet informative style, Peter Bowerman s Well-Fed Self Publisher WFSP represents yet another generous gift to 
the original classic text on glass fusing. Gil Reynolds is one of the best teachers of fused glass. He writes a clear and thorough text for the beginner, but this 
Much more of a book than I ever thought. My wife and I recently read this book to our young children. Neither of us had ever read it as children. 
Phenomenal work which will challenge sophisticated readers. Cristina Peri Rossi s work is thought-provoking treatise on exile and isolation whose metaphor resonated with me. The language is sophisticated and engaging, 
Long, Lugubrious Journey to Justice. Gerry Spence, self-described Wyoming Country Lawyer, has a lot to teach - his book on OJ s criminal trial, O.J. The Last Word: the Death 
Awesome Book. This book was wonderful. After I started reading it I could not put it down. It was 5:00 in the morning and I still could not stop reading 
It will help to change my way to handle my people. This book help you to change or remain your way to handle your people.It is depends on the people 
Hopefully this book will find many readers. Please let the fundamentalists of the three monoteistic religions Moslims, Christians and Jews read this book.YHVH, Jehova, Jahwe, Allah, the Europaens call it 
Another Excellent Black and White Photography Book. The last of a three book series, this volume provides comprehensive instructions detailing the developing process. Chapters on mounting and displaying photographs are 
Beautiful Book. This is a powerful and beautiful retelling of this story. This book is written in Spanish and in English and anyone interested in Latino storytelling will buy this 
A Beautifully Written and Inspiring Story. ... I am working, Juanico, was his answer. Working, by looking. I did not understand and so I held my tongue, thinking that this 
The Analects of Patton. Axelrod gleans Patton s speeches and writings to distill what he believed to be Patton s philosophy of leadership. He also includes a few memoirs of 
great book for kids. This book is derecated to kids on there frist day in the bus  
The Journey of Man: A Genetic Odyssey. If you have ever questioned where Adam and Eve started and how planet earth was populated this is a must read. Doctor Wells 
Good Foundation. Rule One is a nice introduction to the Warren Buffet Benjamin Graham philosophy of investing, and is written in a way that is much more easily understood than 
This is the story of the Clintons BEFORE 1993. The American people were forewarned long ago that this was no ordinary if there could be such a description political couple. 
the worst naval disaster in US history. Compelling story of the USS Indianapolis, the ship that carried the atomic bomb to Tinian. On their way back from their mission, they 
Maybe more pertinent now than when published. When this book was first published about six years ago, many reviewers on Amazon.com really ripped it up. I d be curious to 
Laugh out Loud !. Another Rita Mae masterpiece. Jutz &amp; Wheezie once again square off with dynamic and often hysterically funny exchanges. The touching part is that their love for 
Sweet little gift book. If you are looking for an art- historical study on Milagros, go for the excellent little book by Martha Egan also available at Amazon.com . The 
Excellent political thriller set in another solar system. Traviss s background as a journalist and familiarity with the military adds authority to this depiction of Royal Marines and other humans 
An Enjoyable and Charming Read that has Earned its Place Among the Classics. When Professor von Hardwigg discovers an ancient parchment suggesting a journey to the center of the Earth 
Excellent!. This book is one of my favorites.. even though it s a pretty big book, I read it in one day because I couldn t stop to put it 
Good pocket sized Introduction to Cisco Routers. Very much an introductory book to both Cisco Routers and networking. If you want a toe in the water this is the book 
A Strangely Good Group of Stories. First off, the title of this book is a little misleading. Dark Delicacies is not a trip into fantastic eroticism, vampiric tales of obscene 
&quot;A Highly Polished Mind&quot;. Reflections presents for the reader the great range that Benjamin had as a writer, critic and occidentalist. This collection further demonstrates Benjamin s acute awareness of 
The Conservative s Bible. Kirk s book is supposedly the bible of Conservatives. Not neo-conservatives, but Conservatives. He sets up the long standing debate between the French, and Voltaie, and 
what I said to my 4 kids. I have read about 3 books a month for the last 30 years. Of all my reading, Respectful Parents Respectful Kids is by 
Not bad, but more of the same. The pace is good, the characters are not bad though he has done better but it just felt that I ve been there 
A Stunning Reality. Although many people might question whether everything in this novel is true or not, it states on the front that it is a memoir, therefore that is 
Elizabethan!. First time I read this book I considered it pretty much a bunch of sex scenes strung together with philosophical ramblings. Later I went back to it for another 
It helped me a mortal understand History as a science. If a book worth as much the ideas it can produce in readers minds, then this is one of the 
Up to date, informed, and incredibly compassionate!. If you just want the latest research, go read the New England Journal of Medicine. If you want the latest research PLUS experience, 
Excellent reading. Rachel is up to her old tricks again. With her trusty sidekicks, this is sure to please any Harrison fan  
They Did It All. It s an adventure story; it s amazing American history that has somehow escaped all the history books; it s a case history on leadership, bravery 
A Dr. Laura Avoider. I have avoided Dr. Laura, her books, and her radio program for many years, fearing she would say something about me I didn t want to 
Good starting point. As someone else stated, this is a good starting point for getting acquainted with serial killers. One other review says you can get all the same information 
Audio Version Review. This review is only for the audio. The narrator, Barbara Rosenblat, does a superb job in emphasis, nuance, expression, and consistency of character voices. Her voice is 
Marvelous Adaption For Younger Readers. This review refers to The Great Illustrated Classic Edition listed for ages 9-12 of Frankenstein by Mary ShelleyI had to surf the various editions of 
Modesty is Dignity. Wendy Shalit argues that modesty is a natural virtue that protects women from being treated as sex objects by men and therefore leading to a loss of 
VEILED WEB: the best of science fiction &amp; romantic suspense. Finally read VEILED WEB and it s just wonderful. The author did an incredible job showing the two religious and 
The Moon: Myth and Image. The book I saw elsewhere before I bought this book was as it turns out the Cassell s edition, which has colour illustration. This 4 
 History is a string full of knots . In her debut novel, first published in 1985, Jeanette Winterson managed to achieve two important goals: one, to impress the reader 
Pill Technique!. Ken Blanchard &amp; Marc Muchnick shows the Business Managers at any level how to apply the Right Techniques for getting both results and commitment of their people especially 
A Generation Spanning Favorite. I discovered `Drummer Hoff in a Scholastic book offer at school when I was six, and begged my parents to buy it for me. Like many 
Good Book. Should be added to your reading list. I don t get some of the negative reviews as the book never claims to cure or solve hairloss. Its clearly 
Good but too short. The material was good and interesting but too concise. Not enough details  
Red Star Rogue. It is the most astounding book I have ever read. It adds hundreds of details on 1 of Soviet Russia s submarines known as K-129 which sank 
suberb!. A very well written book. Tried and true classic European and American recipes as well as others with a more exotic twist. Plenty of useful information and instruction on 
A Sweet Surprise. Laurell K. Hamilton s Strange Candy is a collection of 14 short stories, each with a brief introduction by the author. The short stories all contain fantastical 
classic 1950s with a twist. First things first, I m still in the process of coming out...Secondly, I have been a bookworm ever since I can remember. I grew up 
Touch A Dark Wolf. I loved it. I can not wait until the next book. I have read every book written by her and they are AWESOME!!!!!!!!!Thank you Jenni please 
Superb Book. Some people may like to consider this book legalistic or even self-righteously written. I stongly disgree with them.In his book on courthsip, Joshua Harris prioritized principles over methods. 
A Must have!. The book I have is slightly different that what is offered here. I have the 3rd edition of this book, which was printed in 1963. At that 
A wonderful rendition of an enduring classic.,. An audio recording of Patrick Stewart s one-man rendition of Charles Dicken sTimeless Classic. Stewart has adapted the text for his show and 
Miles takes a chance and succeeds; Good Queen Bess would approve. Miles is one of the giants of historical fiction. Her research is superb, and from that she spins tales 
Cosider a must-have. I rate this book very hight because it is a serious content concept based book for not only the exam but to really make things clear that 
One of my favorites. Others have said pretty much all that needs to be said, but I ve read pretty much everything Heinlein has written, and this is definitely amoung 
well written. this is a very easy book to read about one of our most interesting presidents.  
Great, Entertaining, Colorful. My 2-1 2-year-old LOVES this book. I took a chance and ordered it without reading much about it, but what a great find. She wants it read 
the Kill Artist. I have become a Daniel Silva fan and I enjoyed this book, but it was not one of those books that you feel like you can t 
A Different Wodehouse Book. Someday I d like to read a real biography of Wodehouse as opposed to the dreadful &quot;fan&quot; bios out there and find out what was happening 
Linda Goodman s Sun Signs. I ve been looking for this book for many years. It has the most accurate desciption of the sun signs that I ve ever seen. 
A Pleasant Airport or Beach Book. James Robert Parish s Fiasco is an interesting read for anyone with a penchant for Hollywood film history. But in it s review of 
Great Collection. Great collection of success literature. I especially enjoyed Acres of Diamonds:Russell Conwell s book, Acres of Diamonds was developed from a speech he delivered to church congregations over 
Best described embroidery book ever!!. I bought this book after it was recommended to me at my crazy quilt guild meeting. I have read it from cover to cover and 
SUPER!. My only objection to it is that it didn t follow the movie in some places. Example: there was never given any reason for the boy to be Superman 
Short and sweet review. This is a great book. I was given it in a pile and recently picked it up and then could not put it down. Great characters, 
Fantastic. Quite an amazing book. I picked it up after seeing it on a book list of top influential books in Prague. I guess it is popular in its original 
Ethics without foundations. Williams s main projects in Ethics and the Limits of Philosophy are 1 to argue against the idea that there is a rational foundation for ethics; 2 
Insightful and Thought-Provoking. This book is absolutely amazing. I have 2 children with Asperger s and Temple Grandin s insight into why people with autism have certain behaviors was eye-opening. 
Good reference for getting started with OOP in PHP. I ll get this out of the way up front; I approached this book with a completely inaccurate perception of what 
A nice ride. Once again I am amazed by the amount of controversy associated with a book addressing a religious subject. I bought this to get a better feel for 
 Show me some love or I ll strangle you. . I d never heard of J.P. Donleavy or his novel, THE GINGER MAN, until I got it into my 
Excellent way to learn American History. I am a foreign student, and this is the first time that I study American History. The Seagull Edition of this book is great 
2003 Notable Book, Association of Jewish Libraries!. This title was declared a 2003 Notable Book by the Association of Jewish Libraries! Almost 200 children s books of Judaic content were 
New entries, expanded descriptions. Parents Guide to the Best Books for Children appears in its third revised, updated edition to provide the hundreds of new entries, expanded descriptions, and notes 
An excellent book. I enjoyed this book with all the tips on saving and handling money, however I believe that on should know more about investing.I agree with the other 
Richard Bernstein on Evil in the Post 9 11 World. This is a very necessary book. It upends the simplistic desire to polarize everything: us vs. them, good vs, evil, 
Young Readers and THE WHIPPING BOY. THE WHIPPING BOY is a classic children s story, written at a level that second or third grade skilled readers can handle. It moves 
Great camp fire stories. When we go camping we look for the best book to read during our campfires, one that makes you laugh and think...the stories written with accents 
Contains some insight about Ben Hogan the man. Readers of Afternoons with Mr. Hogan will not come away with great revelations about the game of golf, but they will find 
I &lt;3 literarture class. i bet 10 bucks that half of the class is going to cut and paste one of these reviews. i probably will to.P.S. i here that 
A Must Read. Zinn s history is a must read for every American who has any pretense of being educated. The author cuts through the myhths and half truths that 
I wish ... had six stars. This books is off the charts! Ive been reading for a long time, and this book just encompasses so much for the African American 
LOVE THE RECIPES. After reading about this book, I decided to purchase it...though we are not dieting, we found a healthier way of eating. The recipes are delicious! I don 
Under Clancy s pen, Jack Ryan shows no fear!. I guess for not reading too much Clancy, this has to my favorite work of his. But can you just envision 
I LIKE THIS BOOK. I LIKE THIS BOOK, ESPECIALLY WHEN CHRISTY LET S TERI TAKE HER PLACE ON THE CHEERLEADING SQUAD. SHE IS SO NICE. BUT I THINK NEXT PROM 
Great book from Heinline s good period. This is the story of a youth and his discovery of what his world is all about. It is a similar to Tunnel 
I could not put this book down. This book was very down to earth. Very interesting. I loved reading every word of it. Was sad and funny at the same 
My Top Recommendation. Many people know of Hoyle -branded game rule books, but this book deserves much greater recognition and acclaim. In addition to presenting one of the best modern 
perfect. I read this book and realized i could become an expert bomber. After reading the first few pages, I learned a lot about bombs and fireworks  
Zone System section. Anyone interested in an explanation of the zone system as it relates to the curves one finds in the data manufacturers such as Kodak, Fuji, Ilford,Agfa put 
Do you recognize this novels world?. This is a world were the majority of people spend their time unknowingly serving the rich who lead lives of affluent decadence. The commoners 
Enjoyed. This was a pretty decent story. Mixing a little science fiction timetraveling, Turtledove makes an interesting story. Obviously it is a little more far fetched than the recent Gettysburg, 
SURPRSINGLY GOOD. Sometimes this series seems wussy but this particular book is absolutely great. You get to read about authors during their struggling years and times of doubt, and, it 
Wow. This book is incredible! Great read for anyone who is interested in truth  
This book has changed my life!. This is truly one of the most wonderful books I have ever read! Being a person who has struggled with self-doubts, agonized over making 
Enjoyable by young and old alike!. The earth is surrounded by a sinister presence - a dark, foul fog that is the tool of an ultimate evil - whose ambition 
Quickly Learn Web Page Basics. This is the best 115 pages that I ve read! I didn t have the time to read a 500 page book on creating web 
Fiction That Reads Like a Memoir. Ha Jin, War Trash: A Novel, New York: Pantheon Books, 2004.352 pagesISBN: 0-375-42276-5 War trash refers to the human detritus of war, the throwaways, 
Dinner with Two 18th Century Gourmets. DINNER WITH TWO 18TH C GOURMETSA Book Reviewby Wilson G. Duprey Gail UnzelmanBibliographer, novelist, and wine historian James Gabler has pro-duced another capital book. 
Wow. Before I read this book, I was afraid to lead and would back off leads if I thought there was a chance I might fall. I had led a 
Wing Ding. Col. Carlson told his story without a lot of hype. He makes one feel like they are there. It is a pleasure that I had the chance to 
Great book, makes you think long after reading it. Not as engrossing as the first two books of the tetrology, The Temple of Dawn meanders through Honda s life in 
Perfect book for High School Art Teacher. This is the perfect reference book for a high school art teacher. It covers the main artists for the time periods listed on 
a classic novel. a timeless novel about the rights of the individual and our own mortality  
A good companion to the Blue Book. I ve recommended this as a supplementary text for my legal writing classes for several years now. Dworsky provides good additional commentary on 
The perfect puppy. A good reference book and easy reading. Most information very helpful  
THE OTHER SIDE OF LITERATURE. THE OTHER SIDE OF MIDNIGHT is silly, insipid and over the top. A mess of a book. But an enjoyable mess. So much so it 
Just What You re Looking For. This book is packed with ideas on how to design beautiful pillows and seat cushions. It shows a wide variety of fabrics cotton, organza, 
Totally NOT racist,; nicely brave about race-relations, I think people mean to say. Some of the reviews I have just read are rather misleading. If you are a white male 
A Bound Classic. Freyfogle s volume is a little-known classic, a wide-ranging, thoughtful, even lyrical inquiry into the ways we see the land and understand our place in it. The 
Yet another alltime GREAT. This guy knew how to write about love, in all of it s phases, yet never or rarely descended into mawkishness. And a lot of his 
CAUTION!: Dekker may contain adictive qualities. I first found Ted Dekker in Goodwill while I was hunting for games for my old school super nintendo SNES . His book, BLINK, 
The dimensional translation brought to life. Philosophers, scholars and other intellectuals have tried countless times to translate Lao Tzu s Tao Te Ching. There are so many translations and commentaries. 
Europes First Republic. This is the best history ever written about the Dutch Revolt - a series of upheavals from 1568 to 1648 - which led to the independent United 
basic readable reference. This work is a self-conscious prcis of the current professional norms of political psychology which loosely presents itself as applying what is best known in psychology to 
Knowledge. This reference, from A-Z, on the Masonic Order is excellent for those seeking apprenticeship or rather initiation into Freemasonry. The reader will gain vast historical knowledge of the Fraternity; 
May be the best book I ve ever read. I know that sounds like hyperbole, but seriously. He s just so very good at capturing a very wide variety of 
Lcsmith. This one s so interesting it s a bit scary goes to show you how much study has been done to control the heard, charts on death rates and 
There is historical evidence... Note please that my rating should be discounted as I have not rated the book. However I can address two harsh criticisms of it by John 
A Good Book But I Prefer Jack s Own. I bought this book before reading Jack s Straight from the Gut . When I read this book I thought it 
Best on Buckminster. This is one of the best books on Buckminster s life and ideas. Highly recommended, especially for entrepreneurs or futurists  
Pulp Fiction in a Book. This book reminded me of the movie Pulp Fiction. It took a while to get into it, but boy, was I glad I stuck with 
Entertaining, educational, and disturbingly accurate. This book contains espionage techniques that has shocked a former KGB major general with its accuracy, as he d spent twenty years trying to figure 
Awesome story that tugs at your heart. This is the best book that I have read in years! Though an emotional book to read, it takes you through the love 
Aron Gets It. In reading Aron s books, I feel fully comprehended, which has been a rarity in this life. Her research let me know there are others like me, 
Beauty and Brains. This beautiful, comprehensive guide to Frogworld is candy for the eyes and food for the brain. And when you re done reading it, you may find it 
good book but a few things off..... I enjoyed reading this book thanks to the way it was descriptively written, like about stacey s father s day weekend in new 
Good Book. Pretty good for a new skydiver, i haven t finished the book yet, but there is a ton of info in this. I ALWAYS run anything i learn 
Que bueno. Que bueno la traduccion y el original... Neruda es lo mejor de los mejores. Un libro exquisito  
Great Source to teach kids to crochet!. I used this book to teach my class to crochet last year. It does only cover single crocet stiches and increasing and decreasing, 
A delicate collection. I hope that I will be forgiven for saying that as much as I enjoyed this volume of Bishop s prose, I still don t find it 
Amusing Trivia. This book is an irreverent collection of interesting but mostly unimportant historical anecdotes.A sampling of stories that I enjoyed:The fork at least as used for eating was initially 
Great Prep for a Meeting with Lawyer and Acct. Some reviewers have mentioned the fact that this doesn t delve into specifics enough, and that all it does do is 
Realistic battle scenes and strategies. This is a pretty exceptional book. There are three major strengths of the book from the perspective of Shaara s writing ability.First, Michael Shaara has 
Surprised by how fantastic this book is. When I saw that this book was written in 1976, I wasn t expecting much. Koontz is a great writer, but I figured 
A modern-day classic. I believe that Duck and Goose, released earlier this year, will one day enter the pantheon of classic children s picture books. It strikes just the right 
The One & Only Review Book you need!. I bought the Kaplan book-- waste of money. Heard about this book, bought it and it s all you need! Fantastic book-- 
A children s classic. I grew up reading the Mrs. Piggle-Wiggle series. I loved every single story and I still remember them vividly. They may be a little dated but 
Good Diet for Life. While I must unfortunately agree with the person who wrote in another review that this diet could have been put out in a 12 page pamphlet, 
Excellent guide to natural remedies. An excellent natural healing reference book. Tons of cross references. So easy to follow. Beautiful clear layout. Covers just about everything. Tells how to do 
Mitzvah Chic deserves an A . This book has been indespensible for me in planning my daughter sBat Mitzvah. It s very easy to read and the author will even 
Packed With Knowledge!. Understand from the outset what The Power of Six Sigma is not. It is not really a story about two buddies who lunch together while they pursue 
Best Actuarial Book. Nothing else to say. The best book for actuarial mathematics. Also good for risk managers, in particular for operational risk  
A laugh a minute. Fantastic, fantastic, fantastic. I bought this book to read on a flight from the UK to Australia and it had me laughing so loud I was 
Does the field of intention love nature?. The Power of Intention is both inspiring and troubling. As an environmental and social activist who lives off of less the 10k per 
Yay for wise women!. The world needs more wise women. I want all of these women to live in my house with me, and share all of their wisdom. You 
Gogol classic. Gogol has the uncanny ability to write deep, beautiful and simultaneously hilarious stories. Diary of a Madman and Other Stories is a great example of Gogol s style 
Walkenbach is the best. Just an echo of previous reviewers. This is my third or fourth Walkenback Excel book - and they are all excellent. He provides more not-obvious tips 
Do we love across Time....or in spite of it?. As someone who finds the supernatural absolutely fascinating, I have always found Picoult s novels intriguing. However, unlike some of her 
Excellent. This book is a succinct summary of Deepak s Chopra s insightful understanding of the Cosmos and Who I really am? .His writing sometimes mystifies me, but is always 
Fun Romp. Great romp through history and literature, definitely free-association. If you enjoy cigars, literature, movies, history, etc, this is a fun book to read. Enjoy in small bites, its 
I couldn t put this book down!. This is an excellent and insightful book that should be required reading in high schools. I have never been to Europe and must 
Good Book. This book tells a legend about the gift of giving. It is set in Mexico, close to Christmas time. All the families are preparing their gifts for the 
A voice from the radio says Read This Book! . White Noise is quite possibly the most enjoyable book I ve ever read. Don DeLillo creates a humorous account of 
Tasty backpack food for for less. Freezer Bag Cooking means that you can greatly reduce your pack weight, simplify your food preparation, but still eat great food for a whole 
BREATHTAKING ART. Owning all of the Boxed sets of the LOTR s trilogy I found myself utterly fascinated with the various documentaries on the discs about the making of the 
A journey off the map. It is the year 1204, and Constantinople, the splendid capital of the Byzantine Empire, is being sacked and burned by the knights of the Fourth 
Satisfying read. A very romantic story. Somewhat graphic with quite of bit of swearing but in a low-key way. I read it and then read it again a few days 
THE DEGUNKERS. The source of gunk is the way users use their Mac--not the machinery itself. But, a lot of Mac users don t think their machines have gunk. Author 
Your pre-teen MUST read this book. This book provides indispensible advice and education for the parent and pre-teen. When I was entering adolescence, my parents gave me this book. I 
Read this little story... the tale of tangle and mossy, two child like creatures on the adventure of the ages. alone - together - parting - re-uniting, until which is 
Tedious, Voluminous, Intense. Having chewed and digested Around the World in Eighty Days , Five Weeks in a Balloon and Journey to the Centre of the Earth , I set 
nice book for the collection. I really enjoyed this book as there is a wide range of recipes in varing styles. There is also a good description of hop and 
Americans at the court of the Dalai Lama. Lost in Tibet is a rare kind of book, that gives more than it promises. It deals with an apparently remote and 
An absorbing read... I bought this book because I like Kent Nerburn s writing Neither Wolf Nor Dog and I was looking for a book to take on vacation. Well, 
My Opinion C R tm. The topic of this book is incredible. Hard to beleive it s gone this far. It boggles the mind.That said, I found large parts of 
The Bookman s Wake. My first experience with Dunning, who had been recommended by someone whose taste I respect. He was right - this is a well-written, interesting, engrossing and 
Richly Rewarding. Actually, I would give this book 4-1 2 stars. Being a Nora-addict, I spend most of my reading time enjoying her many novels. This story brought me back 
Possible Reserve of 265 billion barrels in Caspian Sea. Azerbaijan, Georgia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikstan, Turkmenistan, and Uzebekistan statistically have 18 to 35 billion in proven reserves and the possible reserves 
More than I Bargained For. I was figuratively rubbing my hands together as I started this book - A Pulitzer Prize winner that would be a continuation of Little Women 
One of his best!. having read many of koontz s works, i have found this to be one of his best. i am biased, though, in that i appreciate koontz 
No CD ROM and Nowhere to be Found on Net. Book is worth the price. However, there in NO CD ROM included with the book, and the directions given at 
Still my favorite. When I was a child, the three big fantasy series in my world were Lord of the Rings, Chronicles of Narnia, and the Earthsea Trilogy. I loved 
A good 4. Above the middle; below the top. Quite a nice little book. On rereading I rated it higher than the first time.  
a &quot;must read&quot; for fans of the green mile. Sorry, I m rating this book even though I ve yet to read it. I ve only just recently seen the 
Tropical Saga. The character I found most interesting in the House of Blue Mangoes a three generational saga set in the extreme south of India, was the one who anchored 
A necessary companion. A must have for any serious Patrick O Brian fan. Very useful in answering all those questions that formulate in your mind as you are reading the 
5 Quick Truths. 1. Entertainment, not resource. Provides insight into the uses of type, as well as a brief history of many different typefaces. Robert Bringhurst s The Elements of 
Great facts and opinions about Japanese internment in the United States; everyone should read. Great facts and opinions about Japanese internment in the United States; everyone should rea  
The most exciting book I ve read this year. No, I m not being sarcastic. I mean it. Big Year is full of laughs, twists and yes, some touching moments. 
Don t read it unless you want to ponder its meaning . . for quite some time!. This was an attempt to find meaning in life, which so many authors, 
buy this book!!!. I love Dr and Martha Sears, this book has just about everything you need to know for birth-2 years. It changed the way we parented our first. 
The End of Liberalism...And the Beginning of Common Sense. Theodore Lowi created quite a splash with this book when it first came out in 1969 edition II came out a 
For The Love Of The Game : My Story. In the book For The Love Of The Game. One thing that I learned about this book is that you should 
Laugh-Out-Loud Funny... My copy came in the mail last night and I finally got around to taking at peak today at lunch. I have to confess, I m only on 
The diary of Anne frank. I think this is the best book I have ever read in my entire life. I give this book two thumbs up.The thing I like 
Real Good Book. This book is very insightful and very well documented. You can tell the author is very pro-Kennedy, but it is still interesting to hear the story from 
Good Foundational Book!. I really like the way this book is presented. It provides a really concise yet complete overview of the disabilities most commonly encountered. I also like the 
Beyond proposals: Successful business writing on a whole. I bought this book to help the small custom software firm that I work for improve the way we do business. I 
personal stories. I live on the edge of a town 6 miles from the Mexican border where it is not uncommon to see groups of UDA s running down the 
Refreshing read. A really interesting and inspiring story, appropriate for people of all ages. You won t be able to put it down  
A bible !!. This book has really help me. It contains information about troubleshoting, installation, upgrade and more. Good graphics, easy to understand tables and easy to follow instructions  
best backjack book ever. I have been collecting blackjack books for the past 25 years and this one is the best.Why? Beacause it introduces the simplest effective card counting system 
Searching for Ignatius. As she kicks off the ninth book in this series Lilian Jackson Braun reintroduces her readers to the resort town of Mooseville. This is where Jim Qwilleran 
a treasure bag of wonderful japanese tales. For my money, everything that Royall Tyler touches turns to gold, and that is as true of &quot;Japanese Tales&quot; as it is of 
Textile Designs: Two Hundred Years... This book is crammed with designs in every conceivable category. It is a must for anyone studying textile or surface design  
alternative history and suspense. another great book from Joan Aiken. Wonderfully strong female lead and interesting alternative history  
A picture could be worth a thousand sales. Not a review, but with this new book rising in sales and getting good reviews, can we see the cover???  
Excellent Resource. Books on climbing technique have typically been incomplete in their coverage and lacking in illustrative detail. John Long s &quot;How To Rock Climb&quot; series has made a quantum 
The Best Book on Drawing theory ... Period. I m now a professional illustrator and art director. But for 17 years... from adolescence on, I was a hobbyist... someone who 
The Incidence of War. Although soundly invested in the critiques provided in each of the contributions to The Costs of War: America s Phyrric Victories, I find the refusal by 
Spooky. Entertaining. Good read. I loved this book. Hard to read it alone at night, especially if you are the only one in the house. A great horror book! Classic 
Fast-paced, well-written mystery. If it is a mystery book readers want, Nancy Farmer has definately brought a whole new world of adventure for us. This excellent story stretches from the 
A great success!. Avery Cardoza writes another winner. Not only is he a succesful gambler himself, I have used the techniques listed in this book to win real money! It 
cross-over book of the year. Death can hardly be a reliable narrator. neither can Death be warm and fuzzy and heartbreakingly earnest. Death can hardly be a funny and loving 
provocative,funny journey through the Crazy Wisdom landscape. Romp with Wes through the world of clowns, jesters and fools while you unearth the paradox that is present in our daily lives. 
 It should be a movie . That was the exclamation of my 9 year old daughter when we were only halfway through the book. I read it aloud a 
Well written, easy to comprehend, necessary reading!. Thanks for bringing information to those with kids who are tired of mainstream treatments that only blanket their ailments! This book gives, in 
Enlightening. This book was very well written. Its gives another look into the life of being HIV Positive and makes you understand the emotional side of a person dealing with 
Great Book. This book is an excellent book. It is a series of little stories about the founding fathers. Most of the stories occur during the constitutional convention. The author 
A solid legal drama. Deadlock is an exciting legal thriller by one of the best Christian authors today, James Scott Bell. In Deadlock, Bell tackles the hot button issue of 
great book. Recommend to any value investor. A real hidden gem. Well written and a must read for anyone following the Buffett-Graham style of investing. This is not a how 
travelling Alaska. We just returned from a month of exploring Alaska and found this book very useful in planning. It has a less commercial view, so we appreciated the suggested 
Good use of Chinese, and Soviet archives... This book is an example of how the end of the Cold War has helped American history be less &quot;Americancentric&quot;. We think one 
Miss Ronning s 6th grade. I would rate this book 5 stars.Rosie s family received a letter and they are going to Chicago. The Columbian Exposition is going on. Rosie, 
One of My Two favorite PC Books So Far. This book along with Donna Kato s Art of Polymer Clay is one of my two favorite books on polymer clay. 
maximum ride is great. Best book in the series yet - Adults like it as much as the kid  
A perfect interpretation of this well-loved song. In this fun-filled, flamboyant adaptation, a grandmother remembers riding red double-decker busses and singing this traditional song when she was a child. She 
Excellent, thorough, simple. A great help to novice and intermediate DIYers. The details of structures, materials, tools and techniques, described in both writing and photographs, are excellent  
What you need to know, from A to Z. Covers all the important things that you had to learn as a film photographer. Lots of great ideas for getting the 
Fairy tales for adults. I m a huge fan of Italo Calvino, but it is hard to describe exactly what quality makes his books so wonderful. In one sense, this 
The death of classics and classical education. Hanson and Heath describe in devastating detail the unfortunate turn to obscurity and irrelevance taken by the new generation of classics departments under 
Thought Provoking --for both sides of your brain. A thought provoking and interesting perspective on the evolution and commoditzation of certain thinking styles. Dan carries forward a message first clarified 
VideoHound s Golden Movie Retriever. I am a public librarian, and I keep this wonderful guide next to the DVD collection. Patrons love it! I wish the publisher would add 
He s got experience and it shows. Despite it making it sound so easy to win in the market, I liked the book. In my opinion the book belongs to 
Good but ignores or barely touches upon some of their dirtiest secrets. Good stuff here on the Bush Family and their many shady dealings going back to the 1800 s. 
A God Send!!!. Though I ve seen Dr. Colbert on Pastor Hagee and Joyce Meyer shows. I really wasn t completly convinced he knew what he was talking about. I 
WARS OF LIBERATION. The Soul of Battle compares three campaigns , for lack of a better word, that in the author s mind have very similar characteristics. While the timing 
Mixed Bag of Beauty, Flowers, Myth and Pretentious Problems, Flaws. No, this isn t a perfect book series. It can be weighed down by pretentious storylines and attempts to address 
Old heroes to learn about. It has been nearly fifty years since I read this book. I had forgotten how much detail Butler placed in his research of the lives 
In Search of Lost Time 01 Way By Swanns. The 7th of March I found this book, ISBN:0713996048. Now it s the 12th and I ve returned to buy the 
Still a Great Introduction to Insects for Young People. Almost the first book on insects that I ever acquired was a hardbound edition of this little guide in the early 
A Middle East &quot;Black Like Me&quot;. Yoram Binur, an Israeli journalist fluent in Arabic from covering stories in the Arab areas of his country, decided to take on a fake 
Great book : . This is the first book by jeffery deaver that I ve read and after reading it I had to go out and get more. It was 
You can never go wrong with Mozart. This is a commonly used edition among members of the opera community. You really can t go wrong with it  
success story. I wished I hadstarted a businesslong ago.My teachers in school made business sound so hard I was turned off.Thank you for changing my life forever.I just wished it 
unparalleled toilet reading. I have a laptop with a wireless connection, yes, but taking it into the bathroom with me earns me creeped-out looks from my prude roommmate. So for 
It s Nora Roberts. I won t say that its one of the best she wrote as J.D. Robb I thought the first was alot better.But if its Nora Its 
A close look at the dark side of humanity. Theodore Dalrympe has spent much of his working life as a prison doctor,seeing the very worst of human nature, and this 
Breakthrough Book!. Dianne Lancaster s wonderful book offers valuable insight and practical-step-by-step information about how to support the development and emotional well-being of a new generation of kids.These children are 
WOW. This book is a must have. Count To Ten By Karen Rose will keep you on the edge of your seat till the very last page.Detective Mia Mitchell is 
REAL scientists confront creationists as this book does so well . This book is an excellent resource that helps get to the bottom of the fallacious reasoning of the psuedo-science 
Great source for grammar and punctuation information. I have used the Gregg Reference Manual for 20 years and purchased this latest edition to keep up with changing trends in letter 
Great Choice!. I ordered this book for two main reasons, one because it was written by David McCullough, and two because it was a collection of short stories for a 
An unfathomable America nightmare. Enter the cult of the salesman s society. A salesman needs to dream and lives in a completely fake smiling world when meeting his customers. Unluckily 
Full of valuable insights for managers and scholars alike. Galbraith has succeeded in filling the gap that he intended to fill in that specific area of management literature where organization 
None Dare Call It Treason. Is our current administration intentionally lying? Yes. Fog Facts is about key data evaporating into obscurity. Fog Facts is NOT a Right or Left wing 
this book is a must have. I m a Sociology major who got this book at the recommendation of one of my teachers. It is a very helpful book though 
Some Very Good News. It was a very good book. I like the characters because they are pretty and it is fun to hear their thoughts. The characters have good 
All Night Runner. As an ultra runner myself I know Dean personally anmd have met him a few times.Having run myself for 19 eyears on every continent myself I certainly 
Written with humor and respect. What a fascinating approach to the great depth of Tolkien s wonderful world! I grew up reading and rereading Lord of the Rings. His works 
Of living in interesting times. Baudolino starts the book distressed, his right road lost. He has killed a man, a long-time friend, which is against his own morals that permit 
chicken soup for the mother and sons soul. What an inspiring book. It brought up many fond childhood memories. I sent one to my mom today. I can t wait 
A Monument to My Genius. Words cannot describe the impact this weighty volume has had on me. From the moment I held it in my trembling hands, I was hooked. 
Excellent book on Ajax design strategies. This is an excellent theory and strategy book for AJAX. For the uninitiated, AJAX stands for Asynchronous Javascript and XML. In short, it s 
Awesome!! I loved this book!. To all of you who are bad-mouthing this book, stuff it. It s not modern writing but if you read it to read it, not 
Excellent!. I love the characters in this book! I don t often reread by this author, but have to keep rereading this one! Its that good  
It will change your life!. I have read a lot of books about finances - This is the best one I ve read! Get it! Live it  
A must have for every woman!. I feel the biggest problem our culture has faced is the decline of the family. I realized after a deivorce that I had never 
Informative and insightful read. this is a thought-provoking book about self-injury and healing. the book is well-written and very descriptive. many narratives are used in the text, and this helps 
Rewarding. Provides thought-provoking information. Architects of the Web helps you make sense of the big-picture changes wrought by the Web. Reid is a great story teller. His work gives you 
Nancy Drew for Adults. This is just one of those fun books...the heroine has no training other than the obligatory cop boyfriend. The book is one of those great summer 
Keeping it simple. How do you go about explaining something to your children that you have difficulty understanding yourself? Well Barklay and Eve make the process easier. This wonderful book 
A life changing book. Meg isn t so happy when she has to share a room with her older sister Molly when her parents decide to move into a new 
Fun to share with others. The illustrations are delightful for this traditional story. A great gift for any child or adult  
What a great read!. This was my first book by Richards, recommended to me by a reading group. I love the way she incorporated the characters into one wonderful story. 
Full of adventure, will keep you reading!. I couldn t believe this story was written in the 13th century! The structure read like a modern novel. You won t be 
This is a must for little ones who love to draw. My son eight years old very good artist ate this book up. He copied every page in just three 
Ground-breaking Scholarship in Queer Studies. Jose Munoz has written a book which breaks new ground in queer studies. His analysis of queer, colored cultural productions is incisive and unapologetic. A 
many special effects. Adobe is striving mightily to make After Effects the dominant tool for editing animated images, much like Photoshop is the pre-eminent program for editing static images. Bolante 
 Intimate Allies . I am a Pastor and I give this book as a gift to newleyweds. I have found it to be very down-to-earth, not like some of 
An amazing book!. Marty Neumeier does it again! Like The Brand Gap, ZAG is destined to change the way we think about brands and their development. With an efficient, breezy 
Best book available on the subject. This book is extremely well done and spells out the history of American involvement in the Pacific after 1898 much better than anything else 
Now, there should be no excuse for those claiming a lack of good historical sources of the first voyage around the globe. For lovers of the non-fiction accounts of sacrifices 
Worth Reading After The Other Boleyn Girl. I have to give Philippa Gregory a big THANK YOU! for approaching this story from a different perspective from The Other Boleyn Girl. 
I feel better about myself and my life!. Joan Borysenko is a class act! In this inspiring discussion of various ways to connect with one s own sense of the 
A lovely knitting book of baby afghans. Macomber s 11 patterns for baby afghans is lovely! The recommended yarns are easily obtainable and affordable. The variety of afghans can be 
good effort. All components are there the story is good, the mystery is good too, but, all together it is slightly below the tops of the series  
What Can You Do With 10 Black Dots?. In fact, quite a bit can be done with a big dot. I gave my son and daughter some large dots and 
How so much could go wrong. The title of this book refers to the Congo River of Africa. This great river became famous in Western minds in the 1800s with 
Inspirational. I thought the book was very inspirational, with many many many examples of Carson s rule-breaking design. Definately a must own for those with a fresh and adventurous take 
Better Than The First One. This was much better than the first book. I enjoyed reading it a lot. This book follows Marcy to a summer camp called Camp Seriendipity. 
An Entertaining Guide to the Mistooks of Our Time. This book is an entertaining and informative look of some of the major fiascoes of American popular history. I have witnessed 
A very exciting book worth reading again and again. This book is good because the author goes into great detail and is very hard to put down. The author has 
Best Bible Ever!!. I really love this bible! It is so cool to be able to check a passage written in four translations, all on the same page!! I used 
A favorite book!. Let s be honest....Don t we as parents dread reading some books to our kids?? If you are like me, some end up disappearing after a while! 
Good enough. Few works of fiction, particularly those marketed to the masses, will result in the perfect combination of suspense, believability, grammatical compositon, language, wit, historical accuracy, plot and character 
Masterpiece of illustrated history. This book is overflowing with beautiful maps, fascinating photos and insightful descriptions. I find Nicolle s Historical Atlas of the Islamic World to be one of 
A Tragic upbringing. What is more intriguing in the novel is not only how the protagonist was a product of her society s objectification of women, but how she was 
A REVIES OF A GRAMMAR FOR BIBLICAL HEBREW BY SEOW. I have found this book to be the most helpful of any Hebrew grammar that I have so rar purchased. 
Autism to the Nth Degree!. Although I was never a fan of the science fiction fantasy genres, I loved this book. The young wizards were appealing characters who reside in 
Beautiful sweet story. This book is even shaped like a tree, long and narrow. My 3 year old son loves it. I loved it as a child. The book presents 
Dickens is wonderful. I first read Charles Dickens my junior year of high school and I have loved him ever since. His characters are thoughtful and the stories are great 
Overall, an interesting read. The premise of this book is captivating, and I read it almost immediately after seeing Dr. Zimbardo on the Daily Show, where I learned of it. 
Healing The Earth. Another good lesson. Wisdom creates Knowlege which leads to Understanding which can create the awareness that is needed to survive on a planetary scale. This is an 
A great attempt to see what cannot be seen. How do we find the origins of anything? In mythology and folklore, there have been attempts to use language and the 
Even Better than Chicka, Chicka, Boom Boom!. My first-grader loves this book! He had read Chicka, Chicka Boom Boom in kindergarten, so it was nice to find a book one 
No better introduction to Scripture study for Catholics. Scott Hahn has done it again! Through a collection of challenging and fascinating essays on biblical matters, he has prepared our minds 
A fantastic book for the beginning mathematics teacher. The author s focus is on college teaching, but is also readily applicalbe to high school or other secondary teaching. Chapters include 
A great book for cat lovers and also cat haters. If your cat has annoying or endearing behaviors then you may see some of them in this great book. The 
A STUNNING PORTRAIT OF A GREAT ARTIST AT WORK. Jerome Robbins is brought to vivid life in this amazing and stunning pictorial biography. Using hundreds of rare, fascinating, never-before-seen photographs; 
Yet another treatise by Jones. I won t go into great detail as other reviewers have already done that. I will say that if you haven t read Jone s 
absolutely wonderful. I ve had this book for three years and it is really terrific. So many new ideas and great recipes. This has really opened my world and gotten 
Finally. Finally there is someone who is writng about being a parent without being dipsy deweyed. Judith Newman has incredible, sharp, honest humor that will offend sanctimonious people and will 
A Model of Life in Love with Food and Cooking. Buy It!. Jamie Oliver s first book, `The Naked Chef was published shortly after his success with the short run 
Excellent treatment. This book while short does an exellent job.Shea s writing is clear and concise.He presents both biblical and historical evidence that fully supports his position.I would strongly reccomend 
Re-playing the Indian wars?. Father John O Mallory, the Indian priest at the Wind River Reservation, got a phone call from his Episcopal colleague at the other side of the 
A Gentle Guide to Expanded Awareness. This is a wonderful book which helps you expand your awareness. Using the tools of meditation, a psychic journal, grounding, auras, chakras, spiritual guides, 
Philip Hall likes me, I reckon maybe. I thought the book Philip hall likes me I Reckon maybe, Was the best book i ve read this year.Why, well i really 
A comedy of great proportions. I don t know why I never knew about A Confederacy of Dunces when it was first published. But I just listened to it as 
A timely plea for restored intent. Contrary to the views espoused by the previous reviewer, Come to the Table is a felicitous call to imbue our time of communing around 
Baby Nicky counts to ten . . and catnaps to lullabies. On behalf of the jazz cats in our home a quartet , Baby Nicky deserves snuggles and pets for 
An excellent read!!!. This was a very good book. When Jessica goes to visit her friends debt ridden inn in the Carribean, she is delighted to be there. But when 
A must read for logically-challenged Liberals!. Unfortunately, the public school system of America has eradicated all courses relative to developing a student s ability to reason, and reason well. Rhetoric,and 
Reading Angel. Not a bad read for the dedicated Angel fan. I really enjoyed it. Some of the articles were a bit of a heavy read but entertaining. Worth reading 
this is the best book in this area. I am certainly recommend to any body who is involved with basic design education in communication desig  
An entertaining book. The book s too short, but it s good and has some really funny stuff. Perhaps we can look forward to Volume 2 in the near future 
Could have been broader. Nicely done. It is difficullt to find good books that teach the virtues of faith without being heavy handed. I would have liked a few more 
Amazing taste!No dairy No more problem!. I really like to bake but since I developed allergy to dairy I was stumped. Then I read a recipe online at Yoga Journal 
A Must-Have, Inspiring Resource!. When a friend gave me Spiritual Literacy, I had no idea what a treasure I was holding in my hands. I love this book so much, 
The binding s breaking . . . but this has nothing to do with the quality of the bookbinding, but rather the quality of the book itself.The New York Times 
I chose this book as a required reading for my seminar. I like this book because it is very interesting and informative. I began reading it for pleasure, but by 
a great account. After seeing how many reviews Angela s Ashes have, I was hesitating if I should add my own. At the end, I decided to do so, without 
Excellent book, AND door stop. This book is really useful to have on hand, but it is HUGE for a nutshell book. I realize that they need every page to 
People you really need to chill. Out all these reviews i read many people gave this book a bad review you really need to chill! Seroisly its just a book 
I m workin toward this house... Except, mine will be on the Indiana or Illinois coast of Lake Michigan. I love Rachel Ashwell s frugal, classy style. She gives you 
The twilight of an empire ends with the thunder of guns. Focusing on just two climactic years, 1913 - 1914, Frederic Morton recreates Vienna in all its splendor during the 
Great Reference!. This was an excellent reference for all levels of investors new, novice &amp; seasoned . Even if you use a property manager to assist with your home s 
Excellent learning tool. Ferling does a good job in depicting the way of life for U.S. office-oriented colonists citizens in the 1700 s. The relationship Adams and Jefferson had was 
Deja Vu For Chandler Fans, Excellent for All. Chandler fans reading this book for the first time will have many deja vu moments. The book contains four of the twenty 
An important work. Lillian Faderman has written some of the best works on the lesbian experience throughout the ages, and &quot;Odd Girls and Twilight Lovers&quot; is no exception. She covers 
Legal Terms Defined in Everyday Language. This book defines legal terms in easily understood English. In some cases, it gives an example of a situation to which the legal term 
 I haven t laughed so much over anything since the hogs ate my kid brother. . When a Continental Detective Agency operative arrives in Personville, he little realizes what 
Raymond at Ashley River El. I gave this book five stars because I think the illustrations are interesting.My favorite letter is F which stands for Fabrosauraus. I like it because 
Yea! Good Book!. I really liked this book. It was funny and well-written and all those things that you like in a book. However, all of the reviews I read 
Great Biker Techniques. These street riding skills will make you a better rider by explaining how to let science work for you. Have fun and hit the streets  
Great Information for Online promotion. Hi. I am a REALTOR in the FL keys with 3 web sites. I found the information in this book very helpful. It pointed out 
My all time favorite book!. Though the book was written in 1974, but it seems it is written in 90s. The notation, proofs and typesetting are quite update. The cross 
The Founding Brothers by Joseph Ellis. This work sheds light on our Founding Fathers by discussing earlyhistorical events in more detail. For instance, Benjamin Franklintried to force Congress to confront 
Reflections in a Golden Eye Review. The main character in this story is Private Ellgae Williams. It is set in an Army Post. Private Ellgae Williams is a shy but 
Online Dating Story. Ok, this book was difficult for me to rate. I loved the book itself...it s a great read and gives tons of good advice if you re 
O Rourke mocks at - just about everything. In this book O Rourke is his usual savagely funny self as he gives his views on politics, welfare, medicare, republicans, democrats, 
Best Non-required reading. The book arrived in a timely manner and was just as advertised. I also really enjoyed reading it  
A trip with Led Zep. Amazing pics, rich and in deep text. It s a trip back in time to meet the band and follow them across the time.Some pictures 
A fascinating book and great fun to read. Over 200 pages of diverse types of puzzles, divided into chapters of similar types of questions, with a humorous, lengthy and explicit 
a must for any fanatic. that s exactly what stewart o nan and steven king are. fanatics. there are some criticisms out there that stewart s sections of the book 
worth a look. This book is definitely full of stereotypes and sweeping generalizations. However, that does not negate the value of this study. There is a lot of useful information 
Absolutely MUST READ for EVERY PERSON in first world!! MUST!. This is my #1 book recommendation! Mind-blowing! Expose on the corrupt, IMF WorldBank Ex-Im multinational corporation defence industry led ABUSE 
Excellent description of angels. This book thoroughly covers all the levels of angels and what they do. Leaves no unanswered questions  
Still the best. This is the definitive collection of non sleight-of-hand you don t have to be quick with your hands card tricks. I bought my first paperback copy in 
Classic, must have for DC fans and even those that are not. Great story, even better art by a true master. The art by George Perez is truly fantastic. No 
Diane Grindol has done it again!. Diane Grindol has done it again! Another great book with great information that everyone who lives with a parrot should have in their book 
A good introduction to Darwin and animal rights. I read this a year and a half ago in Vicenza, Italy. It is an excellent introduction to Darwin and animal rights. 
This is a keeper. This is a book that will withstand all time. This was one of my favorite books to read to my son when he was just a 
Fabulously Entertaining Romantic Comedy. This is one of the most entertaining books I ve ever read. Especially if like me, you are a New York theatre fan. It starts off 
Finding and Buying Your Place in the Country. This is a must read for the professional and novice country real estate buyer. We purchased Finding and Buying Your Place in 
A Must-Read Book for Parents & Children. I actually purchased The Children s Book of Heroes to give as a gift, but decided to go ahead & read it before 
Desert Dessert. A great mystery or thriller is really about something else. Here Swain explores the mysteries of fatherhood from cradle to adulthood within the context of another primer on 
Murr on. Faced with impossible relativism, falsehood, the impossibly of truth, what can our reaction be? To laugh: the ludic as an alternative to the despair of nihilism. The discourse 
My favorite part.... Tom Watson has surely created a fantastic book that will help the memory of one of the most successful tv sitcoms ever carry on. Seeing and reading 
And research turns to wonder... I m a rower in high school on the west coast, and you don t really hear much about rowing over here, since it s 
Does What It Promises. I HIGHLY recommend this book!!!I m on Week 11 of the Learn to Run 10K Walk Run Program and I couldn t be more pleased with 
Life Application Bible. Wonderful Bible! Lots of useful information! Written in a language that is easy to understand. I bought this for a new Christian and she thought it was 
break through pain. the techniques let me move beyond the suffering by fully opening to the intensity of my fibromyalgia.  
strong fourteenth century historical fiction. At twelve French Princess Isabella marries King Edward II of England. As she matures, she agrees with the assessment of Parliament that her spouse is 
Plain everyday wanting to write. I m your plain everyday wanting to be writer. I found, On Writing to be one of the best books I ve read. Mr. King 
A SW Basics Must Have!. This book is more comprehensive than any I ve ever come across. Moving from Boston a few months back-- my partner has already exclaimed, &quot;You 
Any Ved Mehta book is wonderful, this is not his best. Ved Mehta is my favorite writer. I ve bought nearly all his books, even old ones out of print 
Turner s Frontier Thesis Unfiltered. This is a very useful collection of ten essays by University of Wisconsin Harvard University historian Frederick Jackson Turner written through out his career. Edited 
An outstanding historical business doccumentary. Explore the personalities, events, deals, and ordeals, that Coke has endured over the years. From the morphene adicted doctor who created the tonic to the 
Great for a beginner like me. This cookbook is great! It has all the information you will need if you are just starting to enjoy cooking like I am. From 
Piercy knocks me over. Piercy writes poetry that will touch all of your emotions. Beprepared to get angry, laugh out loud, and maybe cry. Writing aboutevery aspect of life, we 
Fascinating Connection between Thought and Health. Why do spontaneous remissions occur? Why do you feel terrible when depressed? What is actually controlling your health? Why do you feel so good 
Pretty Good. This was a good read Koontz s vesion of the contiunation of The Frankenstein Classic Book 3 is not due out till the end of 2007 that is 
GREAT BOOK~. If ur looking for a G-R-E-A-T book to read thats scandalous, sexy, and sarcastically funny... then this is it! I couldnt put the book down until I finished 
A good ADJUNCT to Orgo. Just like Chemistry for Dummies, this text covers all of first semester Orgo 1, scratches the surface of the beginning of semester two, and thats 
Excellent. I just finished reading Friedman s book and feel it is a must read for anyone interested in understanding the rapid changes effecting our world  
A Good Kids Book. Hop on Pop is a cute and funny book that any kid would love. Allmost every word in this book rhymes and I like how they 
Must read for sales managers with new sales people. If you are developing fresh talent, then you need to have this book. I have used this in countless lesson plans 
legends. i was giving this book as a gift from a dear friend and was so overwhelmed with joy after reading i just had to write a review this is 
A historical treasure. I teach fire history and I found the book to be an invaluable resource highlighting one of Americas worst tragedies. I would highly recommend it for both 
Iverson is tough. I respect how Hard Allen Iverson the Player plays.I also Respect Allen Iverson the Person for what He has had to overcome.though He plays in a Very 
A truly unforgettable visual presentation of a sad event in American history. Earthquake Days: The 1906 San Francisco Earthquake & Fire in 3-D is an impressive photographic spectacle about the 
Best choice EVER for Holiday Gift Giving, Bar Bat Mitzvah, etc... You found it !!! The absolute perfect gift for everyone on your list. Alotta bang for your buck. You 
World Championship History. I greatly enjoyed the book! I found the year by year history of the world championship of no limit holdem facinating. Benny Binion created a fantastic event! 
Forget Pluralism, says Mills; America is ruled by Elites. C. Wright Mills landmark book from 1956 posits that the major decisions in America are made by a unified power elite 
Thought Provoking: A Germ s Point of View. Arno Karlen s attempt to chronicle the successes and failures of man s quest to survive in a world in which he 
CollegeHumor Loved it, Me Too!. Streeter and Sarah of CollegeHumor, both who I adore, said they loved this book, that it was the best dating book, I saw in the 
Best book on the subject that I ve read. If you re looking for true insight into the development of Hong Kong cinema, be sure to check out this informative 
Awesome. Without question, the very best book I ever read. You can not but it down nor can you stop thinking about it. This is a POWERFUL book. You will 
Wodehouse at his best. This is a great, funny book. It may be my favorite Jeeves & Wooster story  
This is the most entertaining book I ve read in a while. All I have to say is that i regret the fact that this is my first Jeffery Deaver 
IF ON AN AUTUMN DAY A TRAVELLER ... More than any other work, this mordantly funny satire reminded me of Italo Cavino s IF ON A WINTER S NIGHT A 
An exceptionally good find. In doing research on life in the United States and events leading to World War II, I stumbled upon this book. The details and the varied 
Invaluable Resource. The author s approach to explaining the JavaScript technology is so versatile that both experienced and novice programmers alike will almost certainly appreciate this definitive guide  
a radiant book to treasure and to share. Go out at once and buy this book for any animal lover who believes in the warm and giving spiritual life of 
I wish it would have been required in 1986!!!!. Being a non-traditional student, I needed this years ago. This would have uncovered the mystery of College for me as a 
This book was very comforting in a time of extreme stress. Anyone who s ever moved can tell you that packing the boxes is only the tip of the iceberg. 
Goog book. I used this book for my Statics class and it has been one the best books I have read in college. Bedford & Fowler were able to make 
Not my favorite. This isn t her best work but even second best from Perry is better than most mystery authors. I enjoyed it but was able to put it 
A Funfilled Journey through Rome. This was, in my opinion, one of the best Marcus Didius adventures. Marcus s relationship with his father adds great humor to an already wonderful 
Great Advice for a Bad Situation. My mother is currently going thru chemotherapy and this book is incredibly helpful. Nancy Bruning, the author, is herself a breast cancer survivor and 
Entertaining but beware this advice. This book was like Madonna s famous photographic book of 1992 when it hit the shelves in the 1960 s. This is Brown s manifesto 
I love the solution. This seems to be the least science-oriented of Verne s work. The focus is on winning the bet, and all Fogg wants to do is complete 
The art of historical fiction. Faced with a long and dreary winter? Empire may be just the antidote. Gore Vidal s 1987 epic makes for educational, if sometimes tedious, fireside 
A romp through food taboos. This book is an informal exploration of food taboos, from apples to potatoes, pig flesh to human flesh. The book is organized into chapters featuring 
A fun way to really learn Adobe Premiere Elements. All of the effects in this book are interesting, and each is laid out in an easy to read fashion. First 
I Love This. This is a Lovecraft-ish book of the dead. The absinthe, etc. were used by Aleister Crowley. Konstantinos is the new Aleister Crowley. What I like about KOnstantinos 
A great cocktail book!. Very professional mixologists who have an honest and organic approach to cocktails. There is a real discussion of the principals of ingredients and blending. IMHO this 
Dear Patti...Thank YOU!!!!. Patti LaBelle s recipes are WONDERFUL!!! THANK YOU PATTI for taking the time out of your busy life to share this HEALTHY cook book with us. Your 
One of the best books on motivation. There are many things that make this book great.1 It is short and readable.2 It illustrates the very essense of success A NON 
Research Material. Not for the faint hearted. Readers can expect to suffer through numerous footnotes, and liberal sprinklings of quotes in Greek, Latin, French and German. That is not to 
For Stillman fans who just can t get enough!. Until I read the above reviews, I never even realized that this book might be meant for university courses! The writing 
Great Great Book!. I finally had a chance to really read this whole book, and I must say that DeDe Wilson gives very detailed instructions for every recipe and technique 
A Classic Romance. I m a real sucker for Victorian-age novels, so, of course, I picked this one up. I absolutely loved it. The story follows Jane Eyre, a poor 
Do yourself a favor and read this book. Hi all,if your like me, you know a thing or two about diets. Also, if your like me, you ve heard this 
Excerpt from the book and an interview with the writer!. This book is amazing. If anyone wants to read an interview with the writer, done by Glen J. Russell see 
OMG is this funny. When I first discovered The Onion two years ago, I literally woke up with sore abdominal muscles. Not from too many situps, from laughing out loud 
Classic Liberalism at its best. An all-time favorite of mine, Capitalism & Freedom creates a framework of classic liberalism and argues forcefully in favor of free-markets and decentralization over the 
It isn t Cat in the Hat but... This book is good but, for an adult maybe not as good as some of the others with a stronger storyline. This 
A Must Know For All Who Desire To Vote!. Aristotle s constitutional theory is the most important aspect of this book. Every high school world history should become familiar with 
One of King s best. I m sure lot s of other people have written vast amounts on the plot of this book, so I ll try and keep it 
The First Remote. I cannot tell you how much I liked this book when I read it, under identical circumstances you will be pleased you did.It reminds me of my 
This is an outstanding book!. I strongly suggest this book to anyone who wants to change their life. This book is so much more than any other self-help book you 
So orginal it s hilarious!. &quot;Why not write a cartoon book that doesn t bother with a main character and where each joke is totally different from the next?!&quot; That 
Fabulous Cultural Analysis with Wide Implications. Spiral Dynamics possesses a childish charm that is typically absent in any study of such intellectual depth. At the core, Spiral Dynamics is a 
Beauty and the Beast romantic fantasy. A nurse at the cutting edge of medicine at the Sno-Med Clinic in Manhattan, Erin Morgan loved working there as her employer Dr. Cinatas 
Great book. I loved this book. I found it extremely interesting and very hard to put down at times. I would recomend it strongly. It s a creative portrayal of 
Drew me in!. Long having toyed with the idea of retiring in the south of France, my interest was piqued when friends told me about this book. They were ready 
Author s response to Reviewer from Fair Oaks,CA. Rugg s Recommendations on the Colleges is the best selling book in the country for giving the student a starter list of 
True North Confirms Harrison s Reputation. First let me say, Jim Harrison is the best &quot;literary&quot; writer working today. I formed that opinion based on some of his earlier work 
Solid, not spectacular, entry from Douglas Preston. While, not as much of a page-turner as The Codex , Tyrannosaur Canyon is a good read that will appeal to the fans 
The best source for understanding causes of heart disease. The lipoprotein story is a hard one to tell to the public, but Dr. Superko does an extraordinary job. He tells 
DON T START DICKENS HERE - BUT READ IT. I must agree with a number of other reviewers here...don t start your reading of Dickens with this one, but once 
Mr. SportsTelevision Meets Mr. Boxing. Mr. Kindred is a wonderful storyteller in this very readable dual biography of two controversial men: Muhammad Ali and Howard Cosell. Like Beyond Glory -2005- 
Useful, but less dense than the previous volumes. I quite liked BM4. If you ve not read the previous volumes, I would highly recommend them. Especially volumes I and II 
All businesses should be run this way!. I was enthralled with this book--it s refreshing, entertaining, and a wonderful tale of how one can operate a business with ethics, making 
Simply the best intro into Java OO you are going to get. More than that, after more than 20 years in IT, this is also the best IT text book 
Groundbreaking. This is one of the few craps books that tells you how to chart the numbers and shows actual sessions. People think the numbers are random, but the author 
How a book report opened up a new world. I had to read this book for a book report...well actually it was a art college project to read and illustrate 
Scholarly Work. This was the second book I read on the Civil War, following James McPherson s excellent `Battle Cry of Freedom . I was led to read it because 
A first rate little book. Ought to be must reading not only for car guys but aircraft maintenance students, homebuilders, and for electronics hobbyists as well. Even if you aren 
Very Important & Good Read. Dr. Anatoly Fomenko is at the forefront of the New Chronology but this work is still original style & tone, very informative & detailed & 
Beautiful. This book was just a beautiful story. The imagery of the chinese wedding customs of the time and the horrific descriptions of foot binding were amazing. The connection between 
Wonderful!. The world lost a real gem of a writer when Stan Berenstain passed on November 29. Together, Berenstain and his wife, Jan, and eventually their two sons, created books 
Brilliant work, though not really for the general reader. A landmark in Vaughan Williams criticism. The book handles questions both of intellectual milieu Frogley s essay on English musical identity 
I love a combination of Jorge s books. I ve read 3 of Jorge Cruise s books and found something I was looking for in each of them. 8 Minutes 
Like Father, Like Son. For over 3 decades James Herriot s All Creatures Great and Small serieshas delighted millions all over the world. Sadly James Herriot aka Alf Wight passed 
A million little pieces. I read this book on a cruise ship with its own casino. Naturally I was hooked, and knocked it out in a couple of days. I 
Succeeding in Music: a Business Handbook... This is an exceptional and inspiring book! I would recommend it to anyone who wishes to gain valuable insite into how to plan for 
You ll never look at Vagas the same way again!. Beating the odds in Vegas is much harder than I thought. Leave it to a group of MIT braniacs to 
Nice to Meet You... I think... I liked this book, and I think you should get it - but watch out - there s a big surprise waiting!Finding Jesus, Discovering 
Provocative and fresh. This is a book with a dual mission. Though it certainly addresses itself to the French-American artist Louise Bourgeois s mysterious and beautiful &quot;Spider&quot; series of sculptures, 
Ideas returning to favor. The ideas in this book are returning to favor -- this time possibly based on serious research  
An excellent reference. With a clarity of presentation and personal anecdotes, Bernhard Suess masterfully presents techniques and information quite useful to both amateur and skilled photographers. There was a wealth 
Miss Julia Does It Again. As usual, it s a quick and enjoyable read when Miss Julia and her friends are involved. Please keep them coming  
Hospital Sketches. This book was in great condition. The shipping was very quick just like promised  
Important Useful Information. This book has lots of tips and tricks that have made me feel more confident about my own safety at home especially. I learned that bad situations 
For those ready to take responsibility for their relationships... I disagree with the reviewer who stated: The author suggests that emotionally abused women are a certain type, as if they 
Terrific collection of Freud material for any Undergraduate. I think this is a terrific compilation of Freud material that would be helpful to any psychology student pursuing psychoanalysis and a 
A crticial and needed examination of La Leche League. DeJagger Ward explores the history of La Leche League and uncovers the Catholic theology roots within its philosophy of mother-baby togetherness. 
Not much hope. It would have been a gigantic undertaking to write Howard W. French s kind of book about all of Africa. Africa is, after all, a large continent 
This will cheer you up!. I received this book as a gift a few years ago to cheer me up.Well, it did just that! I have always enjoyed Calvin and 
Fascinating, Provocative, Evocative. I knew nothing of Freemasonry before reading this book; I can t even remember what prompted me to read it in the first place. But no matter, 
Private Life. I m not an engineer and I enjoyed Astro Turf enormously. Please note the subtitle: The Private Life of Rocket Science. The private life is there along with 
Witty!. This book is hilarious at times, I mean, it teaches economics well also. But the best part is the dry, witty humor characteristic of Perloff himself...took a seminar with 
Very Informative!. Great book, helped me understand a lot of things. So many examples and facts, gave me so much insight. I recommend this book to any & every woman 
SHEER JOY. I CAN T RECALL READING A MORE INSPIRATIONAL BOOK. IT SEEMS THAT NO MATTER WHAT LIFE HANDED HER, LINDA RICHMAN FOUND A WAY TO FIND HUMOR IN HER 
Excellent Christian resource on parenting teens. The Five Love Languages for Teenagers by Gary Chapman is a book every parent needs to own. I ll admit, I went looking for 
Solid little thing about drugs and their devistation. My mother has introduced numerous authors to me, and I am glad that she has. She has introduced to me to classics, 
Overall, the best. Various study Bibles have different strengths and weaknesses. I would have to gives this Bible the best all-around award.Its study notes aren t as dry as dust 
Readable introduction. This study has many of the earmarks of a Ph. D. dissertation--muted claims and qualifiers, allusions to the Frankfort School, periodic summaries--but it s a lucid, jargon-free beginning 
reflecting on carville. This book deserves a more intensive review than this, but it also deserves to be read,so I will at least share some random reflections on it. Carville 
What a great and most interesting writer. Eliot Weinberger has done a real service to the world of literature by selecting, and translating these pieces. They show the range of 
A masterpiece!. &quot;Electronic Day Trading to Win&quot; is a masterpiece!! A must-read for anyone seriously considering a career in day trading. Bob Baird and Craig McBurney, the authors, explain the 
Forensic Pathology 2nd Edition. The book was excellent. It was very informative and really help me in my work here at the United Nations Mission in Liberia as CIVPOL Forensic 
Great book!. Wonderful pictures and great engine exploration photos. Well done  
Truly enjoyable. I loved the entire book...My favorite story is when Bernard s father goes through a fictitious phase of marriage  
Best book on raw for Beauty AND Health. Tonya s down to earth story telling of compelling journey not only to the USA but also to raw and live foods 
Ethiopia and the Dergue. My family spent 23 months in Ethiopia during my active duty military service, in a home just a block off the road from His Imperial Majesty 
A great little book. Djilas first hand account of events, keen observations and great writing style combine to give you much more insight about communism and Stalin than you would 
Supremely Soulful. Pretty much an autodidact at poetry thus having utterly no pretense to credentials with which to browbeat those with different views I ve come to regard Emily as 
READ THIS BOOK!. I sincerely wish that everyone would read &quot;Quantum Leaps&quot;. If so there would be a &quot;Quantum Leap&quot; in individual and universal consciousness. She explains new scientific technology 
This is the best book I ve read short of the REGULAR Bible. To put it bluntly, this book has EVERYTHING you could POSSIBLY need in it. It has combinations 
a must read book for all children and grown ups too!. I am 27 years old and today I read Understood Betsy for the first time, because it has never 
Very Inspirational. I read this book shortly after my daughter was born 14 weeks approx. 100 days premature last April. The stories Dr. Remen recounts in her books were very 
Thought-provoking account of a diverse field of research. Douglas Hofstadter is best known for his seminal work Godel, Escher, Bach 1981 , but not much was known about the work 
New Approach To Spending Habits. I could see myself and other members of my family and friends in the book as I read and within 2 minutes had gotten a 
I didn t expect myself to cry, but I did... I had already watched the very similar movie A Walk to Remember and did not cry but even so, I 
Not preachy but really interesting in so many ways.... What really caught my attention was the fact the author shows over and over how we so often eat, even if 
A delight to read!. What a beautifully written, perfectly executed book! I loved how Messud intertwined each generation s family history into the present history of the teen girl narrator, 
Now he is not just a face on the dollar. At the end of the book I felt that I gained an idea of what Washington was really like. For 
Rotten but loveable. Of all the books that I read to my son when he was young, Rotten Ralph was one of my--and his--favorites. The artwork is incredible--very kinetic and 
Very good book. This book is very interesting. It looks to clutter from the psychology point of view. I really recommend it.  
interesting. Being that I spent some summers in Harlem with my Aunt and I have been there for the layman religous forum at that same Chock Full of Nuts I 
If you have heard the words It s Malignant buy this book fast!. When a woman hears the words, You have breast cancer the next thing that should happen is 
Guts, Glory and Real History. Broadsides is perfect for history buffs and for fans of Patrick O Brian s Aubrey Maturin novels, which are set in the same period. This 
Excellent Book for those looking for hope. I read this book several years ago and it has been very importan not only in my personal growth as well as being 
Newbies beware!. If this is your first Suzanne Brockmann novel, STOP! The Troubleshooters series is best read in sequence. The characters are reappearing and their stories build through out the 
McElligot s Pool. I think this book is very good because it shows all the posibilaties that you can find in McElligot s Pool... from a short fish to a 
Full of Laughs!. I LOVED this book! Dot Frank has become one of my favorite authors in the past few years, after I read Sullivan s Island . I laughed 
Great and with taste!. I got really really [excited] browsing this book!! There are real photos but the book is not nasty or raunchy and might serve to spice up 
The sprawl-buster s decoder book. Dolores Hayden s intriguing book visually decodes fifty-one examples of bad building in the landscape and the use of aerial photography to do this was 
The BOOK for Telecommunications. This should be a mandatory book for anyone working in the telecommunications industry. Not only is it comprehensive, but the explanations are direct, easily understood and 
Do yourself a favor and read this book. I was hooked upon reading the opening paragraph: When I walk into a bookstore, any bookstore, first thing in the morning, I 
Everything but UFOs... This book is like an episode of Deadwood run through the Looney Tunes blender. It s a horror movie, a jailbreak, an addictive page-turning literary ambush--Southern Western 
Fantastic Shakespeare Resource. This is a fantastic Shakespeare Resource for the everyday person who is interested in knowing more. Spread out clearly with plenty of pictures and interesting facts - 
An excellent resource. This book provides an excellent guide for moving from theory to practice! Each frame of reference is clearly delineated and the application to practice section of each 
Profound Observations. The art of Virginia Woolf gathers in this small yet profoundly moving observation of the cycle of life. A garden in July becomes a canvas upon which Woolf 
Score one for concept-attainment lessons!. I constantly struggle to clearly present the abstract concept of the parts of speech. Heller s Language Series is a wonderful help in this task. 
Daughters of the River Huong. DAUGHTERS OF THE RIVER HUONG: A Vietnamese royal concubine and her descendants by Uyen Nicole DuongISBN 1-928928-16-I, U.S.:RavensYard Publishing, Ltd, Trade paperback, 271 pp.SRP 17.95Uyn 
A Must Read for CEO s. I have been a coach and counselor to CEO s for much of my adult life. When you think of integrity, you first think 
Good pointers for those just starting out....... Being a recent college graduate, you look for good advice from a reliable source. Mr. Dietl has a solid background of success under 
Bill Moggridge s Masterpiece. I made the mistake of opening the Amazon box yesterday. It contained Bill Moggridge s brand new 766 page book Designing Interactions. I have several talks 
My favorite of the Dresden Files. At a nadir from the events in Grave Peril, Summer Knight takes Harry from lowest point and brings his life back together. We learn 
Excellent Book Re: Coaching. I have been cosidering pursuing a career as a life coach for some time now. In an effort to ensure that this is the correct path 
Good book. If you want to learn what is openGL and how to create 3d graphics using this library, this book is perfect. But if you need more, such as 
GREAT TIME TRAVEL NOVEL. I stumbled across this title from another readers list and tracked down a copy at our library. It was well worth the search! Not a romance 
Thorough as usual. You know you re in for a long read when the original hardcover came in two volumes! But anyone familiar with Michener knows not to be put 
DO NOT GO TO DISNEYLAND W O READING THIS BOOK!. This book was my bible for our trip to Disneyland. We traveled w 2 young children and so many of 
Good Overview on Southeast Asia. Clark Neher, professor of political science and director of the Center for Southeast Asian Studies at Northern Illinois University, presents a comprehensive view of Southeast 
Most complete and understandable book on Essence. Susan is a long time over 20 years personal friend of mine and we have both followed the same spiritual path during this 
Body versus mind. The fairly plain life of Scott Carey, this book s title character, gets unusual when he starts to shrink by one-seventh of an inch per day after 
A Lifesaver. This is a great book. It would be great for the avid runner, but I think it speaks especially to those who want to be active, but don 
Outstanding collection of problems. This book contains roughly 1900 problems in 45 years of IMO history. Most of the problems are accompanied with a solution. This is an excellent resource 
Ex tenebris lux. Once again John has written a very resourceful book that is sure to solve those late night ponderings in search of the obscure. See you in lodge 
Vibrant and healing. A text that will change the way you look at the passing of the physical body. Not only does it provide another culture s way of honoring 
The ONLY Buffett book you ll ever need. Usually biography of a person like Buffett would be dull and slow, but not this one. Although there are no usual Warren 
Lady Windermere. I have always enjoyed all of Oscar Wilde s works, but this is not very good compared with the others, but none the less still worth reading. The 
Brilliant Work by the Best T ang Scholar Yet. This work is brilliant. That said, don t pick this up expecting to read cover to cover. View it more as 
Thank you. THank you for the book. It arrived very fast and I can t wait to use it in my class  
Enjoyable reading... and does help to change the way we see. The excercises suggested are awesome to do. The photographs offered impressive. Best suggestion: Do the excersises. We do learn 
Fascinating Read!!. It seems that today people are becoming more aware of the danger that hurricanes pose, especially after the Gulf s devestation from Katrina, Wilma, and Rita; the four 
great for woman preparing for labor. When I purchased this book it was out of print. Although the version of the book I purchased 1976 Copyright was a little dry 
An Eye Opener Indeed. Professor Karsh is phenomenal. He understands Islamic history much better than any of my Moslem Professors. The book does trace the history of Islam from its 
Thorough!. Linda Goodman keeps it real, understanding that nothing is definate and everything changes. The reason I love astrology is because I feel it helps me deal with the sometimes 
Gentle as a Lamb. Sheep are appealing creatures, known for being gentle. Indeed, our very lexicon includes the expression, gentle as a lamb, so it comes as no suprise that 
It was awsome and I learned so much. I learned lots of different knots. Some I never even heard of. Plus it comes with all the things you need  
A Beautiful Lesbian Love Story. Liza has a pretty normal life in New York, living with her parents and brother and attending a very small private school. She has a 
Well plotted story. Kinsey Millhone, former cop turned PI, is back on a case when an expensively dressed woman hires her..money upfront, to locate her missing sister, Elaine, who was 
Protein Power Lifeplan. This an excellent guide for health improvement. It isn t possible to evaluate the effectiveness of the method until the knowledge obtained can be put to use 
WE ARE SPIRIT BEINGS HAVING A HUMAN EXPERIENCE. DR. DYER HAS CAPTURED THE MEANING OF LIFE, AND EXPRESSES IT SO SIMPLICTICALLY THAT IT IS UNMISTAKABLE. A MUST READ  
A mixture of Biography, History, Science, and Speculation. What is it that connects us to each other, and perhaps connects us across time. Lyall Watson is a gifted scientist who 
Great New Genre Cussler Has Created!. I just read through the first two Oregon books and was looking for the third in the series. I noticed from the reviews on 
still damned funny. Okay -- having read every single one of Barry s books, I d agree that this is not his absolute funniest, but I still laughed out loud 
Finding Fish. Finding Fish, by Antwone Fisher, is a passionate and heart wrenching look into the life of the author as a ward of the state. Thankfully, he escapes the 
A Year in the World. This was a vicarious year of trips for me. Many of the places I ll never see, but I know how they are thanks to 
2005 Business Book of The Year. Go It Alone! By Bruce Judson is my 2005 business book of the year. It gave me a clear understanding of how to operate 
Great adventure. Great book, and great idea. Who would not want to take off work and follow the striper run, and tell the stories of those who part of striper 
An Autobiography with an Engaging Presentation of Research. MY AWAKENING is a captivating book that exemplifies how a student is to do a research [theme] paper. Dr. Duke used autobiography 
Southern beauty of a novel. An excellent novel. Pat Conroy is obviously a master of the English language with an expansive vocabulary. Writes both the southern and northern ways of 
Good introduction to some of the Celtic deities. I was pleasantly surprised by this one. Geared slightly towards a Wiccan audience, Carl McColman and Kathryn Hinds s Magic of the 
David Sedaris. Another collection of essays from a brilliant wit who you know you love to read. It s like I ve said in my reviews before. There s no 
Great lessons to lead by...Repetitious in some chapters. I read this book because I was doing a speech on leaders in one of my classes. I enjoyed his lessons that 
A challenge and a pleasure at the same proportion. To read Marcel Proust s Remembrance of Things Past is a pleasure and a challenge in the same proportion that any 
Let s Talk about Love. Let s Talk about LoveAnger. Kidnapping. Explicit sex. Drugs. These words describe just a few of the many topics that a reader can find in 
The finest political novel by an American writer. If I could give this book 15 stars, I certainly would. It is the finest political novel by an American writer. It 
Great book for family travel in NYC. Our family just returned from a long weekend in NYC, and this book was invaluable. The book s recommendation of the Doubletree Hotel 
Comprehensive but does assume some background. Undoubtedly a fine work. Comprehensive, Incisive and written with great passion. However it does assume at least a passing aquaintance with the actors, thus 
Truth might be scarier than this fiction. Think of Animal Farm combined with Yellow Submarine, with running banter from Veggie Tales. In this political fable, national populations number in the 
What the book really says... In the review: Buyer Beware! Raw meat kills... Reviewer Shani most likely has not read this book, as what Kliment says is not to drink 
Right on Target... ...which explains her success as a partner with Jack Welch.Ro has hit the nail on the head here. It s not really about keeping his favorite yogurt 
Amusing, Well Plotted, Academic Mystery.. It seems that some rare books are disappearing from the local college library. Meanwhile, our intrepid tenure- seeking lady professor meets with a famous Lady 
Great practical information!. Educational professionals who appreciate Todd Whitaker s approach will enjoy Ryan Delaney s Mission Accomplished by Anna T. Erickson  
Hitler chose his help well, especially with clueless Traudl. After reading this book and watching the movie Downfall its clear to me that Traudl Junge was pretty much a clueless 
A Can t Miss Pulp Fiction Lovers Anthology . I read Adventure, Vol. 1 about two months ago...and enjoyed it. It s hard to give a sweeping review of an 
A Classic and a must in your shelf of PT books. This is probably what I consider as the Bible in the realm of Physical Therapy. I have had this 
POPSPICK PLUS. Don t miss this book. For teachers the last two chapters of this book are worth the price of the book. It leaves a lasting impression  
Small Town Life With A Few Surprises For Sonny And Duane!!!. In this novel Larry McMurtry inroduces the reader to two friends Sonny and Duane. Sonny and Duane live in 
Great Value for the Price!. In 1972 and 1973 Navy F-4s ruled the skies over North Vietnam, downing 24 MiGs while racking up a 12-to-1 kill ratio. Statistically EVERY time 
Cool Story!. In this book, there really isn t one main plot. There is actually a whole bunch of interesting little plots telling about events that happened during Caddie Woodlawn 
Well written. This is my first Julian Barnes novel as well.As a Sherlock Holmes fan the premise was interesting but somehow I found only the plight of George and his 
Refreshing, hype-free reality therapy -- a life saver. This book breaks away from the pack by combining practical, hype-free admissions advice with a refreshing dose of reality therapy. In addition 
Beautiful duotones and prose to match. This book caught my eye at a gift shop. After paging through it, I bought it for myself. For Christmas this year, I plan 
Audio book version finally got us hooked. My husband and I all are both Tolkien fans but neither of us had managed to really get into the Silmarillon. The book 
Perfect Library Resource. As other reviewers have stated, this book reads like a dissertation given all of the works cited. The author has definitely done his research and is comprehensive 
The PTSD Workbook. This is a good book that is challenging and rewarding for PTSDers to read and work through. The cautions and reminders to take care of oneself while 
So. This explains it!. As a consultant to large businesses, I have noticed that people play perfectly predictable games what they may refer to as tactics , and are astounded 
Excellent for those seeking information about these problems. I would highly recommend this book to women who suffer from pcos, hirsutism, obesity, infertility, menstrual irregularity, alopecia or hair loss, acne 
There is Hope!. I truly am beginning to understand my mother. Although she has refused to get help- therefore has never officially been diagnosed- this book is a Godsend to 
Best auto touring guide for SE Utah. This is a wonderful guide for auto travel in SE Utah. Using the mileposts as references was a great idea and easy to 
Biggest Help. This book so far is great. I know you want us to read the whole book, but I have only read a few pages. This book is great. 
Good Cable Modem Technology Tutorial. As a non-expert in the field, Broadband Cable TV Access Networks is a very complete book that is well-organized and full of information. The introduction 
Heavy Construction Cost Data- 14th Edition. This is a great reference guide in standard version. To avoid confusion, the ISBN number for the metric version is 0 87629 555 3 
Mary Gaitskill is one of my favorite authors. I once heard Tom Waits say, I like hearing beautiful melodies telling me terrible things. That s the perfect description of this 
Beautiful language and art--highly, highly recommended. It s rare that a children s book comes along where both the artwork and the language reach the heights offered up by Fletcher 
Can t be better. Simply put: the best Spanish novel of the eighties. Intense, witty, perfect  
This book is fantastic!. I read a lot of spiritual or metaphysical books but this one is definately one of the best, most personally useful ones. I just started it 
Very well written book about capitalism and democracy. Although this book was written many years ago, it rings true for today s issues. The book is made up of multiple 
Jo Mielziner - a forgotten genius. Mary Henderson has given us an invaluable insight in the world of Jo Mielziner. So often the names of creative people who ensure that 
Good overview. For those who do not know E-bay very well, this book is for them. I got some good pointers by reading the book and more than a few 
weight loss, common sense, and taking charge of your life. There is so much to love about this little gem. The author speaks to you like a curmudgeonly uncle who 
Dance on fire. Firestarter will make you very angry. Firestarter will make you very sad. It s a clinic in shameful government abuses and a lesson in parental devotion. It 
Sobering Debate. Why is there terrorism in the world today? Alan Dershowitz speculates the reason can be found in the world s reaction to terrorism in the past. He claims 
Ignore the comics and you ll enjoy the book. I was intrigued by the characters and story, although some story lines could have been better developed. That shortfall resulted in 
A family affair. Fortune s Children was a good read for anyone interested in how the rich lived in the late 1800 s. The author detailed the main characters very 
Legends. I must say, the added MW and TH comments and their views was a good addition to this book. If you haven t read the originals, you should pick 
Great Read. Chapel Noir is a great read. I ve never read any Irene Adler mysteries and I actually picked up the book because Jack the Ripper was named on 
Mem Fox. What can anyone say about Mem Fox? She is a wonderful author from Australia. Children adore her and so do adults. The illustrations are beautiful also. Please read 
Great Work. No book has ever influenced me as this book By Dr. Covey. I think Dr. Covey is the Newton of human behavior.Apples were falling from the trees but 
One of the most moving and changing Christian Books ever!. I read this book a few years ago because my sister-in-law ordered it, and accidentally mailed it to our house, 
A very enlightening book. I cannot agree more with the previous reviewer.This truly is an edifying book for those who want to reach out the vast realm of spirituality, education, 
Top book for home brewers. This is an excellent book for anyone just getting into home brewing, for extract brewers getting into all-grain, or for all grain brewers who want 
Great for a beginner. I am only a quarter of the way through so far, but the subject matter seems to be perfect for my level of electronic understanding. It 
Fabulous Elopment Book When You Don t Know Where to Begin. The book gives creative and fun ideas for couples looking for something different. I would highly recommend the book 
5 Stars for the 5 Star General. I loved this book. I was sad when it was over. Not only does it give a wonderful biography of a great man, 
Amazing, Elevated Poetry. The quality of this work is exceptional. I d be surprised if you could find language this ele-vated anywhere else except for the Book of Isaiah - 
The Horse Whisperer. Anyone can train a horse with these easy-to-follow tips. Students who have used these techniques also tell which ones worked best for them  
Woven Stories. Pam Houston once again has spun a web of collected stories encircling the life of of our heroine; this time, it s Lucy, photographer, hunter of the perfect 
Truly insightful on the culture-theft wars. A Change is Gonna Come is a landmark book in the history of the rock race conversation, because Werner - a white professor of 
Effective Public Relations. Now in its eighth edition, Effective Public Relations is very near to its 50th year as possibly the most highly influential text in the field of public 
Another captivating tale. When my 7 yr old told me about a NEW Junie B. Book, we ZOOMED to the computer to order our copy speedy quick!Our family has been 
Fast paced mystery!. Wow - what a fascinating thriller! Our good friend Alan is caught in the middle of an incredibly complex web of a who-done-it. He is called to 
A compelling story of enviro issues, politics and nature. A compelling story of how the wolves finally came back to Yellowstone. A natural history story about these fascinating animals. A 
Great Entertainment Value. A cheerful look at the world of the closeted cross-dresser, this book describes Veronica Vera s approach to offering cross-dressing services to men who have sufficient funds 
A Great Book for Women Training for a Triathlon. I bought my daughter this book at Christmas and she thought I was crazy. She had suffered an injury in High-School 
Understanding is a first step, and almost half way!. If you are a man, and you are deeply suffering because either you are in love, or because you feel you 
This is THE book to have when you re loved one dies!. It hard enough when your parent unexpectedly dies and you discover you are the executor of the estate. 
An inspiration for shaping organizational change. Sara Lightfoot is an incredible author that writes with style, candor and vividness that allows one to experience the context as though he she 
You want a title? Not bloody likely. I go to encounter for the millionth time the reality of experience and to forge in the smithy of my soul the uncreated 
These are vignettes, designed to inspire further exploration. The widely divergent reviews reflect a lack of understanding of the purpose of this book. It is meant to touch on many 
Informative, entertaining but not scholarly. I like to think of this book in terms of what a typical educated person in India -- Hindu or non-Hindu, and not a scholar 
Christmas present. Thanks to The Da Vinci Code and The Rule of Four , my daughter in-law has developed a taste for the Italian masters. This is a big, heavy 
A great book for the true jazz lover. While a student in Professor Walser s Jazz class at UCLA, I was one of several students lucky enough to have read 
Highly recommended reading for all grandparents!. In The 12 Rules Of Grandparenting: A New Look At Traditional Roles And How To Break Them, Susan Kettman examines the &quot;rules&quot; of grandparenting 
Useful. Not cheap for the class, but very useful and clear cut. All the material included wasn t very helpful to me, but the website was. Overall, stll nice but 
Truly an excellent book. When I was a little girl my mother had a bookshelf full of paperback horror novels that she would read- mainly Stephen Kings and and few 
Simply the best!. For the academic, there is no more authorative source than the Diccionario de la Real Academia Espaola  
practical and good from one who is in the business. The ordinary person would not think that the business and professional man in the State of Idaho has much need 
Solid Study Material. This book is broken down nicely and tailored very well to the 70-270 exam. I have used numerous textbooks and study material in my quest to obtain 
Some real gems. Worth buying for the excellent Chicken Bouillabaisse alone, which is sublime. However, note that the recipies are hit or miss. For example, a rabbit stew with olives 
Terrific!. I hadn t read an Alex Cross book in over a year, and wasn t sure what to expect from this novel.Some of the books were interesting turn-pagers, others 
The help I needed. This book contains exactly the information I was looking for. It was highly recommended by a friend, and it lives up to her sales pitch.  
Get It In Writing!. As Judge Judy points out to her audience, there are no courts that protect couples living together. People who decide to live together, need to set 
Sets the Players in Their Time. Wood sets the stage for his biovignettes of selected revolutionaries by describing their world. Each was influenced positively or negatively by the aristocracy of 
the best. ok...for a brief opinion, i think this is an absolutely amazing work of fiction that ranks up there with the best of faulkner...it ranks up there with the 
 Naked - Sedaris bears all. Nothing s sacred to David Sedaris, as fans of his have come to discover and appreciate. His entire family is a sacrificial lamb to 
Be a wise man or woman . Larry has produced an easily affordable primer on Project Management. Much better edited than his Artech House textbook. This one is very suitable 
Like Watching a Train Wreck. ...you know that your fascination is morbid, but you can t tear your eyes away from the awfulness of it: the sheer ghoulish drama unfolding 
Please, someone just SAY something!!. This was a very well done suspenseful tale of the kinds of secrets and pains that occur in families and how the sufferers of those 
The single greatest example modern theatre. Guare s &quot;House of Blue Leaves&quot; is by far the most memorable, well-written, and exceptionally challenging play that I ve yet to come across. 
Right on the mark. Guarendi is LOL funny really and provides super insightful advice on how to raise our kids--from toddler to teen--in this crazy world. This is a must-have 
To be continued.... I haven t read a novel by V. C. Andrews since the series that began with Flowers in the Attic , but that was a long time 
An elegant meditation on the balance between art and love, as well as an intriguing mystery. Fifty-one year old Alice Brill awakens one morning knowing something is very much wrong. 
Almost like following a TV series!. I am always fascinated with anything to do with the middle ages. The best attribute of this book is the clarity of its author 
Should be required reading for everyone on the planet!. I had never heard of a traumatic brain injury until after my brother suffered from one due to a car crash. 
Any parent would find this inspiring!. I admit it: I am in love with John Holt. I realize that he s deceased, and I am happily married, but it s 
Bluhnderful!. I m sure you re wondering what Bluh means if you never read this book. So I ll explain. Count Olaf reapears with another evil scheme to get their 
Great Introduction. This little number is great for an individual who has little knowledge of Judaism. Displays in a readable way the differences between Christianity and it s parent faith; 
Good Read. I really enjoyed this book and have purchase the next book in series. If you are a fan of Dean Koontz you will not be disappointed. I give 
Berserker. Man this is a great book! This book was so exciting that I wanted to read it again and again! If I were you I really would like to 
Cool creepy crawlers!. After reading some of the naysayers petty complaints about this book I almost didn t get it. Wow, am I glad I did. I read a lot 
Vivre le Lonely Planet en Paris!. After many a trip to Paris, Lonely Planet still stands out as the guidebook of guidebooks. This edition has great restaurant reviews, as is 
Suitable preparation for Actuary Exam P. I used this book as well as the SOA sample exams as my sole means of preparation for the Actuary Examination P. Ross does 
Good book. Television Writing from the Inside is a very good guide. Larry Brody writes from experience and it shows.If you found this book helpful, you will also likely enjoy 
Valuable Resource. This author has the distinct ability to make the reader feel like they are conversing with a friend rather than reading a book. The content is vast and 
Clear, concise, and well illustrated. While not as detailed as a textbook might be, it covers general points very well  
Clear, well-organized guidance. This book does exactly what the title says it does. It provides clear, well-organized and specific guidance to building collaboration in a whole range of situations and 
Beautiful cakes!. This book has the most beautiful cakes I ve ever seen. We used it for our wedding cake. Unlike other reviewers, I don t think these designs are 
Good introduction. I can t help feeling that this book was written in a hurry. Whilst I enjoyed reading it, I thought that the illustrations of which there were many 
Outstanding, Hallowell does it again!. Indeed, one s happiness is best not left to chance! Dr. Hallowell, in his pioneering work with children teaches all of us as parents, educators, 
A good help to the series. It presents many interesting info about the begining of the series, so you could read about the casting processes. Of course it has a 
Bad Dog. This book has taken anthropomoric writing over the top. I laugh every night re-reading some entries. My brother just got out of Betty Ford. Do you know what 
Mysticism Without Obfuscation. What I love best about Scholem is that he wrote eloquently about spiritual enlightenment without presenting himself as being a mystical master or guru. He will guide 
Great short stories for your kids to read. This book shares the thoughts and stories of young african american children.As the kids speak up you will here the palm of 
Some of the BEST, most authentic Thai recipes!. After having gone through several supposedly &quot;authentic&quot; books on the subject, I decided to take a cooking class. I was annoyed that 
Have you ever lived with one?. I really enjoyed this book. The writing is quite informative for those receiving their first introduction to this personality type. I m a divorce 
Awesome book!. I purchased this book recently. I have been following the recipes almost on the daily basis. Kwality s Quality ke cholay and Nani s Kulfi are exceptionally good. 
hallelujah. Maya Angelou can write, orate, and narrate, but here she is wearing a different hat as chef. These recipes chronicle some important memories including fried chicken for when the 
Fantastic. This is a unique read... Not a novel, but equally engrossing; not a historical account, but namedrops events from history which most readers will probably be unaware of; my 
Insightful and helpful. One of my family members is narcissist. This book explained why I sufferred so much from this person.  
A full-color photographic showcase. Enhanced with informed and informative essays by Morris Lapidus, Suzanne Ramljak, and Arthur C. Danto highlighting the central themes of the art, Michele Oka Doner: Natural 
Good no-nonsense guide to all sorts of tax situations. This book tries it s hardest to explain taxes in an easy to understand fashion for us normal people who don 
The best so far in the series!!!. ALthough a fan of Nora Roberts, I had avoided these books due to a dislike for romance writer s sci fi, however, I 
Still deciding. I just started reading this today.It is hard for a non-MBA to review the book, being that my only understanding of what goes on in MBA halls is 
Collected and worth reading through. Wallace Stevens is one of those rare writers who had a golden touch with words. Wallace Stevens: Collected Poetry and Prose not only brings together 
Communists in Denial. John Earl Haynes and Harvey Klehr s In Denial is a detailed analysis of the publications and techniques of America s Stalin worshippers. While millions of Americans 
Synopsis. From the back cover, 1969 Edition Here is the unique and absorbing social history of the Negro in America, told in the earthy, haunting, eloquent words and music of 
A very good read!. Ms. Conant once more brings a tale of suspense and murder. As well as bringing into play another purpose for dogs in Ruffly the hearing aide 
Gobbling through history. This book is a gem! It documents, with remarkable art and historic references, the turkey s journey from the Americas to Europe. The illustrations are delightful, ranging 
Lessons of life from one of Rome s greatest emperors. Marcus Aurelius, philosopher-king of Rome for two decades, preserved his experiences not for posterity but likely for himself. A reminder 
I LOVE IT!. At first I thought that this book was useful.. It turned out to be a MUST-HAVE for everyone! A great resource and instructional book for almost every 
yoga explained. Sri Aurobindo provides an overview of the field of yoga. This is not a series of physical exercises, but the practices that allow an individual to understand the 
Great primer for understanding the Mid-East - Israel. Slightly depressing, but a great overview of why the Arabs, Palestinians, and Israelis act toward each other the way they do  
finally, the real story is told!. What a wonderful job Mr. Noles does in telling the story and interweaving the lives of these two unfortunate souls against a backdrop of 
How To Date A Beautiful Woman. This is a book that will guide you step-by-step to unlocking the door of her heart and enable you to fulfill the ultimate challenge 
VERY FUN READING. This is the book Christmas with the Kranks was based on. This was a surprisingly enjoyable, cute read about Christmas and the desire to skip it all 
Makes you think. I think this book is well written with insight into many of the problems we face as couples. Don t wait until things are too late.... this 
An Excellent Book Simplify The Complex Sale Cycle. Invoke Solutions is one of my client companies. www.invoke.com Their offices are located next door to ours in Wellesley, MA. Because of 
one of the best. This is definitely the best book I read in a long time. Ayn Rand s Objectivism philosophy is fascinating to anyone that loves freedom, capitalism, and 
A Wonderful Surprise. Greenmantle is a beautiful story, a hidden story. It is a story of love, murder, revenge, loss, past mysteries, resolution, friendship and the fantastic. This is the 
Different from other Dark Tower books, but still just as good. Wolves of the Calla, in my opinion, does the best job of any Dark Tower book so far of 
Provides actual info!. First off, I have to say I hate the name and this is the only Dummies book I have ever bought. When things are too difficult for 
quitling with carol armstrong. Lots of ideas - beautiful color photos. Makes me want more of Ms. Armstrong s books  
A Devotional Classic. I am in absolute agreement with the review below. As I set my heart upon the Lord in the early pages of this work, it brought healing 
Important book. This important book is so well written that, despite its broad sweep and intellectual distinction, it flows beautifully. The first chapters provide one of the simplest and clearest 
thoughtful and thought-provoking reading. In Church And Civil Society, Francis Sullivan Executive Director of Catholic Health Australia, Canberra and Sue Leppert Executive Director of Anglicare, Canberra and Goulburn expertly collaborate 
Good recipes, original combinations. The cover says pictures it all. I can assure you that mozzarella and figs is a great change from ubiquitous straight tomatos. The rest of the 
Help children of all ages work through the stages of divorce. This book is a great way to help children deal with the losses associated with divorce. Through the use 
A wonderful, timely, fun book. WOBBLIES! is truly a wonderful, unique piece of work. The book tells the story of the Industrial Workers of the World IWW, better known as 
We laughed and laughed... a really fun read!. I give this book five stars for entertainment value, which was our purpose in selecting this book. Our six year old daughter 
Always expect the charm of the South to shine through in novels from Fannie Flagg!. Welcome to the World, Baby Girl! is another entry in Flagg s catalog of Southern 
I don t know why I love it like I do. I don t know why, I just do. Icy weirdness and strange childhood memories. I just love this photographer 
Truly a Timeless Classic. This book is a must read for people of all ages. I don t know about the Dover Thrift Editions , I got mine at Barnes 
Simply Fantastic!. Excellent introduction to the field. Will get your basics sound. Worth every penny I spent on the book.Just buy it  
A Good Introduction to Torts. This is a pretty good book-better than many 1st year law casebooks!Dobbs has organized the material well, and it s all interesting stuff to know. 
Not my favorite. Perhaps the most amazing thing about this book is the reaction to it by various readers. Those who detested it said it was because of the violence. 
Excellent research, grounded in sound principles and beautiful thoughts. I decided I liked Judith Lasater after reading her articles in Yoga Journal. She explained in one article the pathological process 
Fabulous Fusilli!. I usually like to read several books at once. But I HAD to read Hard, Hard City in one sitting. It is sensational. I beg anyone who has 
Smart, fun, and pleasingly cynical. I m at home on bed rest and desperate for something good to read. This book did the trick.. The narrator is smart, funny, and 
The most powerful indictment of 19th century capitalism in existence. Friedrich Engels classic The Condition of the Working Class in England was written when he was only twenty-four, and had 
A Good Primer. This was the first book about everyone s favourite comedy couple. I recently read it for the fourth or fifth time and felt inspired to recommend it 
One of the best books I ve read on communication. &quot;The Art of Talking so That People Will Listen&quot; offers great insight and practical tips and language skills to use 
children revealed. Parenting is very hard and the most important lesson as parents that we can teach our children are skills in successful relationships and loving one another. As it 
Attractive concept but some missed opportunities. The American Auto Factory is a historical and sociological look at the development and changes in technology which directly impacted both workers and management 
very good book. a very good introduction and simply introduced art from different eras ,what i like about this book its very well organize  
Highly Recommended. Anyone interested in learning about conservative Presbyterian &amp; Reformed from now on P &amp; R theology should consult this book. Coming from a Calvinistic Baptist background there are 
Intriguing story told with lots of heart. For a book on the arcane and technical worlds of computer science and chess, this story is highly readable and entertaining, and often 
Brutally honest americana. Sam Shepard is an american original. I first encountered his work at the Public theater in NYC in the early to mid-70 s. Then having seen Buried 
very very dry, but well researched and important. The very fact that we in America call the Russo-German conflict in WWII the Eastern Front and not The Great Patriotic War 
Fun Sequel to Putting Boys on the Ledge . Fourteen-year-old Frances knew that there was something weird going on when she walked into her friend Blue s house, only to 
Getting a glimpse ... As the parent of a 5 yr old autistic child,I read this book with great interest. It hasgiven me some insight as to what my childMAY 
Nobody Blends Shakespeare s Word & Action to Attention Like Bloom ... Every epoch has a True Champion of Shakespeare, ours has Mr. Harold Bloom.This book must be devoured with 
Amazing Little Book. I have to say that this book revolutionized my love life between my and my man. I had been plagued with questions about &quot;how&quot; and &quot;where&quot;, and 
Great read. Tortilla Flat is a gripping tale of a group of scoundrels who are only looking out for themselves. They live in the old, rundown part of Monterey which 
They Bury Lies, Don t They?. Tempe Brennan starts out her second adventure exhuming a grave at a small church. Tasked with identifying the bones of a nun, she s 
Judgement in Death. The audio was fast moving had some twists and turns kept you guess who the murderer was. Enjoyed the book tape tremendousl  
Wonderful. This is a wonderful compilation of verses illustrated with wonderful art by Mary Englebreit. It is so enjoyable!  
A Gift to All Parents!. Lori and Becky use a solid faith-based framework in walking us through a practical approach to Christian parenting. Their book guides parents in their journey 
An unusually clear book -- and great for OCR researchers. This nifty book is unusual in several respects: it is written in an extremely clear and simple style; it presents 
Fans of Ms. Brown will enjoy her latest personification mystery. In Virginia, septuagenarian Sister Jane Arnold is the grand mistress of the foxhounds at the Jefferson Hunt Club. Though crusty 
The Campaign for Real Cats. For those of you who absolutely need to know what a real cat is... Also tells you how to extricate your real cat from flypaper. 
Fine Collection. I have made a number of dips from this book, and I m always satisfied. The recipes are easy to follow, and the dips seem to always receive 
A relatively quick read with lots of good information. For obvious reasons, the witness protection program has always been and probably always will be controversial. I believe the authors make 
good reference for advanced, NOT A LOGICAL INTRO to GR. This book is known as the bible of General Relativity or MTW .People with different preparation will perceive MTW in 
Treehouses of the World. There s a serious caveat to this review. The book I got was NOT translated from Japanese. I don t read Japanese.With that said, I did 
entertaining. I found this story very entertaining. A hard book to put down! However, there are points where you have to question if there is some fiction thrown in the 
Unbridled Genius. One of the best. It is as if James Joyce were alive and queer in 1973 New York. Kramer is an author, dramatist and activist who helped found 
Just what this knitter needed. I taught myself to knit from books when I was a teenager. Now that I m in my 50s I ve knitted for many years, 
lending and losing this book should have taught me a lesson. Having read Portrait of an Artist in college I learned to appreciate the talent, determination and self reliance that 
Best In Many Ways. I received this book as a gift a few years ago and have used it often. The recipe s are imaginative, easy and always well recieved 
Wonderfully Masterful. I am no expert in the area of Mathematical Analysis, but I am an avid reader of any book that pertains the subject. I found this book in 
Applying the Tree of Life. I always was interested in the Qabalah and the Tree of Life and studied it off and on for a long time. But I never 
Icons viewed by the Orthtodox. Among the many books on icons, this is one of the oldest still in print. Why has it become a classic? Because it was written 
A straightforward guide to the mentally demanding rigors of philosophical study. Plato s Sun: An Introduction To Philosophy is a straightforward guide to the mentally demanding rigors of philosophical study, 
Well...Okay you should keep it. I hope you are familiar with the series, if not, start with the first book Temping Danger. This latest book Blood Lines, the third in 
An Elegy of a Wonderful Marriage. John Bayley CBE and Dame Iris Murdoch were married for almost 50 years. Their relationship was truly unique, special, and hard to replicate. They 
Best shape of my life. You can t go wrong with the abs diet. It s not really a diet, but more of eating food that s good for you. 
Streams. I enjoy this book but sometimes I have a hard time understanding what some of the people are saying. I am using it in my prayer time. Thank you 
A Great Source for Juvenile Justice Information. This book was a great source of information on the Juvenile Justice System, especially the system in Los Angeles. A compelling read, the 
Goosebumps. If you are a fan of The Twilight Zone then Finney s stories might be right up your alley. His tales are wonderfully eerie and thought provoking. I d 
A Masterly Work. This is the first novel I have read of Kazuo Ishiguro and I could not resist sighing reading the beautiful prose. The portrayal of the butler, his 
In a word, fantastic. This is one of those books that I ve known about, and heard about, and been told about, and has been recommended to me countless times 
Christ Doesn t Change; Our Understanding Changes. A book that will make you think--not a bad thing for Christians to do.This book looks at our understanding of Jesus and how 
Good read. If you re looking for a fast, funny read, you will not be disappointed with The Deal. The plot is intricate, the action is non-stop, and the characters 
Great book. i`m not very good writing in english, but this book rules, is quite serious and the investigation is very well done...the pics are great, so the editio  
Don t go to a casino until you read this book!. What a unique book The Zen of Gambling is! The best part is the chapter on the psychology of 
IT S ALL ABOUT THE ETHICS OF BASEBALL. THIS BOOK IS THE BEST BOOK I VE EVER READ. IT GIVES YOU ALL THE ETHICS OF AMERICAS PAST TIME. THE RULES 
Comprehensive. I found this book to be quite complete in material compared to others which I ve looked at. The style of the book is not too intimidating for those 
Great Recipes. This book is full of great recipes. The author doesn t waste any space. There are recipes for almost anything you d want to make. Buy this book. 
Excellent!. If you love historical fiction, this is a must read!! Fans of Phillipa Gregory will appreciate the Illuminator. I just do not understand the criticism, after all this is 
The tragic history of God s people. In this magisterial work, Johnson chronicles the long and bitter path of the Jewish people from the time of Abraham. A thorough and 
Reviews by Nan Kilar and Bobby Miller. An upscale interior designer has found peace and contentment in Whispering Springs, AZ. She has a thriving business, and she s settling into 
A surprisingly gripping tale of adventure. Before reading Sea of Glory I had not heard of the U.S. Exploring Expedition or any of its crew members. Having read Nathaniel Philbrick 
A book that has been rejected, despised, and burned in India. A book that has been rejected, despised, and burned in India, The Myth Of The Holy Cow by D.N. 
A Book To Encourage All!!. This book, even though it is fiction, with true history mixed in for good measure was very inspiring! Everyone I had listen to it, loved 
4.5 stars. Read this book at a light warehouse because you will NOT want to be anywhere near the dark!  
Road Trip!. Alright, I got to take educational road trips with my children. I found this book was a great guide to get out of the house for my family 
A book to introduce your children to the Chinese New Year. This book just perfect for introducing your child to the Chinese New Year and a perfect place to start! 
Chess Opening Wonderland. John Watson has written another amazing book. It s hard to believe that he could create another tome the equal of Chess Strategy in Action and Secrets 
Great as a book on tape. If you have not heard Grafton s alphabet mysteries as a book on tape, do yourself a favor and get hold of one and 
Bullseye. SPOT ON! This book sculpted out the last one and a half years of my life with laser-like precision. I read it in one sitting, and it has thoroughly 
I loved it. This is probably one of the best books I ve ever read. I devoured it. A lot of people compare Leopold Von Sacher-Mosoch to The Marquis de 
Great Puzzle Book for Middle School Students. The puzzles in this book are wonderful to use after students have finished a test or other work. It keeps them quiet so 
A Must Read. This work sheds new light on a very fascinating question. In fact, this book is the basis for some of my own research within the field. I 
Journey Into Healing. This book uses poetry as an introduction to its prose reflections, reflections which consist of spiritual meditations, commentary, thought provoking questions, and personal biblical interpretation. The author, 
Very good read. This was an excellent biography. Very well written and extreemly interesting. Spured on by the movie the Aviator, I set out to learn more about this remarkable 
Excellent. This is an excellent book for those who, like me, are trying to understand what is shamanism, with the eventual perspective of becoming shamanic practitioners. The matter is tidily 
Short and sweet review. This is a great book. I was given it in a pile and recently picked it up and then could not put it down. Great characters, 
Extraordinary; a work of genius. These are true tales from a clinical neurologist s notebook, but this isn t just any neurologist. Oliver Sacks, author of the justly celebrated, The 
mesmerising and honest. as we watch with bated breath American troops and their Iraqi proxies fight tooth and nail to take the insurgent strong-hold of Fallujah in Iraq so i 
Great gift for a friend strarting a new job at a new company. I bought this book for a friend who was leaving one investment bank to head up a 
&quot;Recommended Reading&quot; by JPRI. The Japan Policy Research Institute has just added &quot;Yakuza: Japan s Criminal Underworld, Expanded Edition&quot; to its recommended-reading list of twenty &quot;Classics.&quot; Other titles on the 
Tale will both inspire you and warm your heart!. Read THE TRAVELER S GIFT by Andy Andrews, a self-helpbook that effectively uses fiction to hold your interest . . . 
Too Short to Do Itself Justice. Spoiler Below This is not one of Chabon s best. The language is beautiful and some of the scenes are effective--for example when Mr. 
A favorite book to read my 4 yo. Too bad Lobel didn t do more Owl books -- he s one of my favorites but I agree w the other 
WORTH NOT FORGETTING. Burroughs Martian Series is worth remembering and rereading from time to time. I first read these books well over 50 years ago and they, and this book, 
The PECS System. This consists of Phase I - VI, Additional Concepts, Other Goodies and Appendices covering about seventy-five pages. Each phase has three sections, The environment, the training steps 
A really good read. Anthropologist Dr. Bill Brockton is summoned to a Tennessee mountain town where the local sheriff and deputy take him to see a mummified corpse of a 
son-in-law. hard to buy for son-in-law keeps this book handy for re-reading chapters. was happy he is enjoying it hope it helps his golf game  
Excellent Home Cookbook for Arab Families. `The Arab Table by May S. Bsisu, a native of Kuwait, the wife of a Palestinian and resident of Lebanon for several years and 
Coyote has risen!. In the first book of the series, Coyote, Allen Steele told us how the captain of the first interstellar colonizing ship, Alabama, smuggled prisoners-of-State intellectual dissidents oppressed 
A good novel as well as a lovely piece of writing. I enjoy EL Doctorow s work, so it was with pleasurable anticipation that I picked up City of God 
You will meet a tall, dark stranger... When Stephen King has a great idea, he does not squander it. Many writers have tackled the concept of precognition, but few have 
One of two of the best books I have EVER read. This was an excellent murder mystery thriller. I LOVED it. I won t be able to wait 24 hours 
SCHOLARLY PRESENTATION. This book is loaded with info on various early artifacts but is mainly for those involved in field work and academia. I wish I had looked a little 
A feast for the minds eye. One cannot write about this book without referring to the the animated film A Scanner Darkly. It has an astonishing combination of great storytelling, 
Developmentally on target, prevention at it s finest. &quot;But I m Almost 13!&quot; is a marvelous, logical, and compassionate flow of expertise for parents who are about to dance the 
Anthony Trollope, Where Have you Been?. This is a great Victorian novel, and the first by Anthony Trollope that I ve read. After reading Can You Forgive Her, I was 
How times have changed.... I am echoing another reviewer in lamenting the sorry state of movie posters in 2006. The Octopussy campaign from 1983 was simply stunning as the myriad 
Old fashioned coming of age story. This book is so well written and has such good character development that the reader can forgive the melodramatic, predictable story line. The novel 
My favorite Enneagram Book. The Enneagram isn t easily taught through reading a book, but this one does the best job in both introducing the types and more importantly giving 
Ought to be required reading in high school civics class. Premise of the book, that they rip you apart for even suggesting that the official stories are less that truthful, 
Awesome Book!. this is such an awesome series...easy to read, but fun, too! Has some cool recipes, chicken piccata is the BEST  
Complex, Deep and Moving. Story of an African Farm is a difficult work to describe. It must be read several times, and carefully pondered before all of its secrets are 
Excellent book on leg care. This is really an excellent book for a novice to find out about what s going on with their horse s legs. You can sit 
Covering a wide range of varients. Winning Poker: 200 Rules, Technique & Strategies is a straightforward guide to mastering gambling card games. Covering a wide range of varients including Texas 
This is unforgetable. This is a must read for Octavia Butler fans. Totally believable, makes you think about things that are happenning in our world today  
still needed in 2006. In some ways, this is the book that came out to say, Why Feminism is Still Needed. Written in the early 1990s, it covers the way 
Read Between the Notes. The author seems very adept at bringing to light the fundamental essence of physics knowledge, particularly the unresolved questions. With his help, I was able to 
The traveler s best friend. Rob Sangster s Traveler s Tool Kit imparts the magic of discovery as well as the life-changing impact of the journey. Rob s sound advice 
Classic book. This is the classic book on the subject to be ever written and retains its class by incorporating some of the recent developments in the boundary layer theory.A 
Awesome reading!!!!!. I bought this book first because I didn t see the the first book Operation Vampyre .I read it in two days and totally loved it.I bought the 
The True Story Of Pocahontas, John Smith and Chief Powhatan. Everyone is familiar with the story of Pocahontas and British explorer adventurer John Smith. They are romantic stories fed to 
Refreshing and Honest. Of the many volumes on the subject, I find this book to be the best. Told with charm and grace, Nellie Connally relates the events of November 
The New Bible for the PMO!. This book takes the novice in project management through the stages of development of a project management organization in a logical, easily understood manor. 
A Most Important Book for America s Future. I read a lot of books and this is one of the most important books I ve ever read. It is absolutely 
A Fun, Thoughtful Read. Allison Bottke has written a fun, thought-provoking novel about sticking firm to one s faith in the midst of daily life. Her heroine, Dee Decker, wrestles 
larry brown, fay. contemporary candide. unusual and gripping story of the underebelly south. larry brown is a superb writer.for any serious reader.  
A Business History. Though access to the founders of Google seems to be lacking, the story and insight of Google s rise in the world of technology, business and culture 
Iran Awakening by Shirin Ebadi. A well written book outling her life at a very turbelent time in Iran. She is a highly intelligent woman who tackles oppression is a 
Not for the My Little Pony Care Bear fantasy fan. I want to say so much in this review...If your taste in fantasy can be described as: brass knuckled-concrete street 
John Madden writes just like he talks!!!. He even sounds excited in print! Madden clearly loves the game of football, and his exuberance is evident throughout this book. His stories 
If only there were more churches like this one!. We ve been living in a new city searching for a church where we could invite any of our friends, regardless 
Best book on US Social Classes in the last Decade. Zweig s book is an empirical and analytical tour de force. In rigorous fashion he outlines the current class structure 
Heartstopping Suspense!. In the days beyond one of the worst disasters to hit American soil, Secret Service Agent Cameron Roberts and what s left of her team fight to make 
One of the most thought provoking I ve read yet... While browsing through the local bookstore, one cannot help but to be bombarded with at least 5 different published versions 
Valuable tool for public finance research. This text is essential not only for students taking courses in public finance, but a primary tool for researchers in this subject. This text 
It s a favorite. This is one of my very favorite garden books. Pictures are beautiful, and the book is informative...giving plant names and even showing layout drawings of how 
We ve Got a Winner!!. What a nice little book for kids. No big bad wolves. No mean kids. No mean grown-ups. No one is abandoned or lost. No name-calling.What 
A very thought-provoking book!. This is an excellent book that will really make you rethink the history you ve been taught. As another reviewer put it, half the population was 
Patterson returns to form. Mary Mary is a step in the right direction for James Patterson s Alex Cross novels following the abysmal London Bridges. I m not a hard 
Awesome Book. If you re a Rossi fan, this book is just for you. Definitely different version from M. Oxley which is good too.  
Great Reading. This is a delightful book, both with the recipes and for reading. I bought one for one of my daughter in-laws also and she loved it also  
We re never alone, even when we re by ourselves. I loved this book, and I m glad the author brought us along on his journey. I have often wondered 
P & P with contemporary issues. Ms. Smith s modern version of P&P is tightly wound, starting with the tornado literally forcing Eddi Elizabeth and Dave Darcy together to the 
Endocrinology Made Easy. Basic and Clinical Endocrinology provides the basics needed for a medical school endocrinology unit. By purchasing this book, a medical student is able to focus on the 
Is this book for you?. Who will most enjoy Runaway?1. Old hearts who need defibrillating back to a life of passion. If you want to feel again that rush of 
A small collection of a larger-than-life career. In 1984, I had the honor to spend a day with Miss Brooks, and to hear her do a reading of many of 
Crime Scene. This was a fantastic book. It had lots of case studies and heaps of glossy, colour diagrams, which made the text very easy to understand. It was technical 
Very Good Compared to Others. Read this book for one of my MBA courses. Found it a good read. Coming from a Financial Management course I was leery about this 
One of my favorites. I ve been going through reviews trying to find a specific book I lost years ago and found that this one hasn t been reviewed by 
Great Research, Describes the State of the Art. There are a lot of books on digital cameras and how to take digital pictures. There are also a lot on processing 
Carnival coming to town......come aboard!!!. This is a book where Dean Koontz Funhouse creation lack - visionary imagination. Bradbury has this unique ability to capture the mind of readers and 
Shows ways to bring soul back into health care. Through the use of story, anecdote, and interviews the authors help understand what is meant by soul and provide guidelines on 
Long time absolute favorite and a true gem on imagination and execution!. I ve been working with this book with children for many years and have just bought my fifth 
As close as it gets. If you ever have wondered what life is like in a federal penitentiary? This book pretty much covers it. Forget all the text books and 
A Good Starting Point. A good book for beginners and those who are just beginning research on the various mythical beasts. She covers nearly every creature within mythology, quite a 
Really Resonates. It s sad to me that Bernard Malamud s novels seem to be falling by the wayside lately. After reading The Assistant recently, I ve been reminded of 
Gabaldan redeemed herself with this book. After reading the firery cross I was skeptical when I started this one. I thought that it might not be up to her usual 
All for One and One for All!. I remember the Rexall stores in the late Fifties, not here in Knoxville, but doted around in the small towns of Middle Tennessee. 
Unique Book Frames Critical Subject for Executives. This is a key book that provides an innovative look at a critical subject. After infinite books on &quot;how&quot; to get products to 
fun--informative. I liked the salary portions, and the job descriptions best. Was fun to see how much others make. Good for finding comparisons in various areas, ie. stress levels, money 
Falstaff and Richard II s Consolation Prize. In Richard II, Bolingbroke usurped Richard II s crown and became King Henry IV. In 1 Henry IV, King Henry IV stopped the 
Practical Homicide Investigations. Excellent reference book..I am a criminal investigator. The timely manner I received the product was appreciated  
I recommend this book for everyone... This is not a large book, but it is a wonderful book. I highly recommend this book for everyone. Especially for gifts. I would 
The truth may be shocking, but it is always a good read. I have to admitt, at times, I was shocked by the honesty of some of the pieces in 
Walsh does it again. John Walsh is one of my heroes. This book, as his others, is another excellent in-depth look at Walsh s recent cases on America s Most 
Fun listening. Jim Dale has the ability to bring Harry Potter and characters to life. It is captivating. He is the best storyteller I ve ever listened to and of 
The Story of the World, Volume 3: Early Modern Times. We love these books! We couldn t wait till this latest book in the series came out. This book, like 
Helps you make good choices while eating out. This book lists more than 5,000 food items at 60 major chain restaurants both fast food and sit-down . I ve found 
BEST BOOK ON AGROECOLOGY. I highly recommend the Book Agroecology by Steve Gliessman. It reflects indepth knowledge of agricultural issues of today food production systems. Those of us interested in 
A Good Introduction to the Trail of Tears. This is a worthy introduction to the Trail of Tears. For students aged 12 and older, a more compelling book is Walking 
This is a work of art!. I had purchased several of Sabuda s books for my grandchildren, the Cookie Countdown is amazing and what a surprise at the end! I 
Nice guide for preparing a ceremony. This is a pleasant book, but it is more of a guide for ceremony preparation, with good structure and nice ideas, but a small 
Very satisfied with the contents. If you read the editorial review: It is stated that the book is about installing and configuring Oracle Database 10g on Linux. Yes, the author 
Great, but... I love McEwan s writing enough to forgive him for the few faults this novel almost conceals. At its best, the prose evokes Fitzgerald s effortless beauty. At 
Great Content. This soft cover on transparent art, though a little pricey, finally puts techniques for using this medium all in one place for those who are serious about learning 
Must read for any asian.. Its a nice read contrasting cultural background and biases of different asians, and how that hinders progress in corporate america. Must read for any asian. 
Definitely a MUST for Spyro gamers!. Spyro the Dragon, my favorite video game, wouldn t be comleted 100 now if I hadn t gotten this hint guide. It offers amazing 
A gem... I saw the 1963 classic first, which happens to be one of my most favourite ghost movies of all time! what a major disappointment the remake was . 
Enjoyed seeing familiar characters. This may not have been her best novel, but I thoroughly enjoyed it. It was nice to see some of the characters from her previous novels 
EUROPE: ALL IS NOT LOST, YET. Anyone wanting a quick way to assets the general merits and intellectual muscle flexed in the book should glance at the chapter headed `Two 
humorous, smart and enticing. Dr. Wansink s book takes the mystery out of unnecessary eating and peppers it until it brews to the right consistency, that is with sagas that 
interesting preview. AN INTERESTING PREVIEW OF HIS LATER CLASSICS ON THE LIFE OF HITLER HUBRIS AND NEMESI  
Butterflies. I checked out this book at the library so many times I thought I d better get one of my own. Found it for the right price at Amazon.com. 
smart book. This is a smart leader s tool--models, frameworks, examples, case studies. The author has clear real life experience which makes it different than theoretical approaches by those with 
A Must Read Now More Than Ever. This book provides a scholarly view of the relationship between Islam and the West devoid of the biases that would prevent a critical 
Goldmine Record Album Price Guide. This book was a big help in determining price for each record. However, when I took the records to a record store to sell them 
Excellent Cookbook for Kids!. This cookbook for the younger reader is wonderful. This book is easy to understand, filled with many pictures, that not only gives recipes, but also teaches 
The Time Machine Review. contains spoilers . This is a good scientific book that is based on time traveling. In this book there is the time traveler and the narrator. 
This is the best book ever written!. Okay, maybe I m exagerating a bit because I have two poems in there Hell s Angels Barbie and Confederate Barbie are mine 
The Truth About Disco. Thank you Tim Lawrence. This book is the antedote to all the haters out there who still believe that Disco Sucks after the post-Comiskey Park backlash. 
A Damning Portrait of Hillary. Unlike Hell to Pay and The Truth About Hillary , two BOOKS about the former First Lady and current senator, Tom Kuiper s I ve 
piss-yourself funny and a classic? yep, yep, yep. examples from t.v. shows I grew up watching somaybe a little dated but still a funny book witha message for girls and 
More Powerful for Tobacco Addiction than Patches or Gums!. I have been studying tobacco addiction and helping patients quit for over 25 years...Cessation has every thing to do with packing 
A Rendezvous with The Origin of Species. The Ancestor s Tale: A Pilgrimage to the Dawn of EvolutionRichard Dawkins s The Ancestor s Tale is remarkable on several levels: as 
Highly Recommended. In less that one year, we get a second amazing book by Hatsumi Sensei. While focusing on stick fighting with ROKUSHAKU BO six ft long staff and JO 
2nd Edition Urban Bikers Tricksier, Tipsier. Cape mysteriously fluttering in the still air of my living room, Mr. Bike sat down across from me to straighten out his tights and 
Smashing history of Congress and Phil Burton. John Jacobs has done a spectacular job of capturing and relating the career of Congressman Phil Burton, a swaggering, ruthless liberal from San 
Couldn t Put it Down. I know it s a cliche but it s the truth! I think this would be my favorite Coulter to date. I don t care 
its really good. this play is just amazing. its a beautifully written simple love story. But the characters are extremely captivating. I reccomend reading this or seeing it if you 
life changing. I just refered about 8 people to this book in the past week so I figured I should add a review here also.this book is REALLY and TRULY 
Mobius strip. This is the beginning of the posthumous work of Mishima. You will follow the lives of four people who got reincarnated in different time and in different place 
The Best Nursury Rhyme Book Ever!. This is a much coveted, lovely book that I enjoyed as a child and still enjoy as an adult. A guaranteed keepsake to hand 
A primer on trust. The issue of trust -- of others and of myself -- comes up all the time. Whom do I really trust, and how do I build 
Fascinating look at the southwest. The disappearance of a scientist and the murder of a Navajo Tribal Police Officer coincide, and a Hopi is blamed for the murder. Meanwhile, several 
Informative, if a little stuffy. The author recommends the reader have several years of college-level music training. He uses harmonic melodic analysis as one would use in dissecting W.A. Mozart, 
Better, faster, cheaper than almost any other theory book. Although this book is obviously not geared towards those undergoing heavy-duty classical music training, if you just want to learn what 
Austrian Economics. Murray Rothbard s contribution to economic science cannot be overstated. Following the footsteps of Mises Human Action , Rothbard s own treatise leaves no economic question untouched. Man, 
Attractive Invite to World of Indian Cuisine. Jaffrey is surely one of Indian cuisine s true ambassadors. Finding the need initially in our country to receive Indian food, she had 
Important social perspective told with a classic beat style. Ellison addresses an important topic with a free flowing beat style that puts the harsh realities of segregated America into poignant 
Gold standard. This is the definitive textbook for physical exam. Great pictures, explanations, and descriptions. Required text in many medical schools  
Great Book. This was a great book which really helped me get a good foundation on clean web page design. Easy to read and great examples  
Great Swashbuckler. Our hero encounters tyranny, injustice, slavery, cruelty, rapine, vengeance, piracy, war, treachery and towering over them all... romantic love at a distance. His superior morality and quick wit 
Life Is At Your Feet. This is the life story of Kim Phuc, with supporting coverage of the horrors of Vietnam and the endless legacy of pain and sorrow caused 
An extraordinary book from an extraordinary artist. This book is fantastic as far as photo books go. There is a important quality attached to having good reproductions in a printed 
All the facts and more... This slim little book taught me more about opals than rummaging around in the opal stores and book stores of Sydney ever did... Fred and 
Classic Stories. I read this book many years ago and to this day several of the short stories stick in my mind. So when looking for a good book for 
Amazing Book. This is a must read for any person responsible to manage an IT organization supporting multiple companies with different processes and management teams. This book looks lets you 
Great Novel. I am a late-comer to the V.I. Warshawski series. I d known about for years, but after seeing the dreadful Kathleen Turner movie version, I decided to skip 
kids love to say no. This book lets your child tell someone else no and is very empowering. I bought it based on the reviews and was dissappointed when I 
Marketing Simplicity. Want to sell more of your product? Want to know how to market effectively? Then you need to get this book. As a constant reader, I find that 
Promoting and actions in alignment with ethical values. Teaching &amp; Learning Peace by educator and peace advocate William M. Timpson is a scholarly, education-oriented instructional guide to the teaching of 
Puts modern serial killers to shame. It says a lot for a story when it begins with a shipwreck and builds in intensity from there.Batavia s Graveyard, painstakingly researched and 
Leads to quality time with my son. This is my Kindergarten son s favorite Junie B. book, although he loves them all. He laughs out loud at Junie B s 
Fast read. Wherever Jack Reacher goes trouble seems to follow. He can t even have a quiet cup of coffee without a crime taking place in front of him. This 
One of those changes my life books. I LOVE THIS BOOK. I m not a scientist of any sort--I m a linguist and lay pastor. But this book took me 
Digital SLR Pro Sedrets. Great book on photography, has a lot of tips, ways to make simple equipment that works well ...a great reference manual for anyone using a digital 
Great Book of Artic Warfare. The story is wonderfully told of how a German felt about fighting for his country and what it was like to fight in the Artic 
One of the best elementary intermediate book. I used this book as a student and still use it for teaching. Pieces are nice and students are challenged to think musically. 
excellent book. Good information on the subject especially for a newbie. It offers some new ideas for the seasoned prof but don t expect too much. May be lacking on 
Fairy Review. My daughter, Rachel, loved these books. They have cute pictures, imaginative descriptions and the whole set of books from Ruby to Violet are cute.  
Unvarnished Truth. I am vain enough to think I have a finely tuned BS detector, and frankly, I think most self help psychobabble is just that; BS. Dr. Blanton however 
Simply Delicious. This is one of the most wonderful books on chocolate that I have ever read and cooked with. I had the opportunity to visit Recchiuti Confections when I 
Painting the Impressionist Landscape. Lois Griffel s Painting the Impressionist Landscape is very simply a must have for the library of anyone interested in using color to capture their surroundings 
Classic. This is a classic book, and series, that is always worth a tenth, eleventh, etc. read  
This is a wonderful life-changing book. I love McCarthy s book. His writing is enjoyable, which is how all writing should be. It was a pleasure to learn from this 
a beloved memoir. James Herriot once again takes you on a magical journey through his whimsical hamlet of Yorkshire Dales, stealing your heart at every stop along the way. Anyone 
 Wonder ful. I stayed up late every night until I finished this. Sensitive and completely engaging. A historical novel that is riveting and relevant today  
fabulous. As a professional humor writer, collaborator, author of more than 2 dozen books, I just have to put up a defense for the writing quality of Baker s book. 
The last two, actually. This is the first installment in a series that looks to have a long life ahead of it. The topic has been done in various ways 
An anthology of seven folktales steeped in Irish history. The collaborative effort of author Malachy Doyle and artist Niamh Sharkey, Tales From Old Ireland is an anthology of seven folktales 
Jonathan Livingston Seagull. This is a wonderful, concise read for those of us searching for meaning to this thing we call life . It s one of those books that 
Beautiful book. This book is topical and beautfully illustrated. It is an excellent book to introduce children to the war in Iraq in a nonpolitical way and to break some 
Resonating and Relevant. Experiential Marketing strives to make its case that it s important to relate to customers on an emotional basis. Given how much the decision-making process is linked 
Excellent photo reference. Another fine effort by Bouchery in the World War II genre. This particular work focuses on the equipment, clothing and personal items borne by British, Canadian and 
This is a good manual, except . . . This is a very well written manual of jo exercises. The descriptions are easy to understand; and in a couple of 
For Aspiring Bark itects. As a lifelong cat lover, I normally would not have glanced at this book, but my nephew, now a Jr. in high school, has chosen Architecture 
Graphic-Not a book for the easily horrified. This book was very informative. I was fascinated by all the things that Hazelwood has encountered in his career. This book is very 
Worth reading. For newlyweds or those married for a number of years, this book has many gems of wisdom to offer. My husband and I have been married for 28 
The Last Miles. Well written and well researched book about the last years of Miles Davis. Typically, critics and listeners have downplayed the music of Miles after his comeback in 
This book deserves much more attention than it has gotten. I read this book several years ago, having had no prior interest in the shroud, and found the presentation of 
About Mac. I like Robins ways of teaching, and her book is great. For me it is a bit confusing as I have to keek refering back to other sections. 
Solid academic research reveals a real woman. How many books written for what could easily be a Phd. disertation can be enjoyed and discussed by several generations of women from 
This Book Will Blow Your Mind... I read this book quite awhile ago or was it just tomorrow? I am fascinated by all things that have to deal with time, 
Shocking, Emotional... Beautiful. 9 year old lily, witnessed the murder of her whole family. With no one place to go to Eve opened her home to the child to keep 
Our Greatest Roadblocks and Tragedies are Often Caused by Our Misperceptions. Unfortunately, for too many students, literature is only as good as the professor who is teaching it. Some students 
Excellent. There are two plots to this story: Sylvia Compson s search for her mother s quilts, which Sylvia s sister had sold; and the story of Eleanor, Sylvia s 
Understand American intervention and its consequences. Certainly an interesting and powerfully argued examination of United States policies of global intervention and their consequences.Certainly most Americans take for granted the necessity 
The secondmost read book in Christendom. The Blessed Jacobus s compilation of the miraculous, &quot;Golden Legend&quot; carries you along as it brings you through the image-filled lives of the saints. 
Must-have for Cisco Security. As I am currently working on my Cisco Security Specialization CSS I have read all books related to CSS. Out of the four books this is 
The Best of its Type. Csapo s book is a must-read for anyone interested in myth theory, especially as it pertains to Greco-Roman myth. Not only does he give detailed 
Simply Superb. This book cuts straight to the point without any nonsense inbetween. It is a valuable resource for any teacher or parent, no matter what field. Hightly recommended  
Avoiding diabetes. Rebeccasreads highly recommends ATKINS DIABETES REVOLUTION for everyone who is a bit overweight & for their children who seem to be following in their footsteps.If you re new 
great!. wonderful for any reader interested in philosophy, ethics, and history of the USA. great  
Eye-Opening Book for Those Interested in Place or Language. Though you may not immediately think that there is a connection between language and the places where you live and pass 
A classic self-improvement book. Anyone that has ever made a living in sales has heard of this book. There is a reason why it s so well-known: it s damn 
Most Overlooked Book of past 10 years. Reading this brilliant novel, I can t help but thinking what a shame it is the author remains largely unknown. Part Fitzgerald part 
Excellent practical care for the horse owner. This little book packs a punch when it comes to explaining what tendon and ligament injuries are in the horse. It covers everything 
Excellent Book. A must have , if you will, to those who are intrested in the history of the Black Panthers. The articles written by several authors covers the whole 
This hits home for me as a KSU student. Yesterday I picked up this book at the Kent State bookstore as I finished out the semester. I had seen this 
Meant to Be: Miraculous True Stories to Inspire a Lifetime o. One of the best books I have ever read. I was inspired, amazed, uplifted and brought to tears time 
Please re-publish!. We got this book out of the library and the baby is NUTS for it. It s also a wonderfully affirming thing for his daddy. Each page asks 
Documenting 80 s self-indulgence. I started reading this book through the library when it originally came out in 1987 and I was hooked on it. Finally, i thought, an open 
Green, but top of the line, Kitchens. What? Yet another book on kitchens? And what does GREEN mean in terms of a kitchen, certainly not the color?San Francisco based writer 
One of the Best Marketing Books I ve Ever Read!. Brilliant! This book covers topics ranging from broad issues like strategy and product presentation, to the more nuts and bolts 
Marvels, an engrossing study of a world with heroes. Marvels is one of the few books that examines the plausability of a world in which superhumans are a reality.  
Maze of deceit. Barbara Vine a.k.a. Ruth Rendell is back with yet another fascinating psychological portrait of what could be called the ultimate dysfunctional family. A young Swedish caretaker Kersten, 
An enjoyable and education experience!. Having read and then re-read this book over the years I must confess my puzzlement at some reviewers who can t grasp the excitement of 
WOMEN with real backbone , absolutely a terrific book!. If you like strong, brave women, the old American West, quilts , and just want to be really proud to be 
Novel Exceeded My Expectations. Here s a novel that many accuse of not being a novel at all, at being a polemic, a bunch of essays and diatribes, disguised as 
An important Book. This was one of the books that first showed many people the interrelationships between the Platonic and Archimedian solids. Critchlow studied under Buckminster Fuller and many of 
Complete Star Wars Trilogy Radio Dramas, WONDERFUL SHOWS!!!. How did Luke come to know Biggs? How did Leia get the Death Star plans? What happened to her in her cell 
Living Out Loud Review. I LOVE this book. It s filled with wonderful creative and inspiring ideas. I bought one for both of my sisters too!  
A Must for the Jazz Drummer. I m simply going to reinforce what you may have heard elsewhere: this is as good a foundational text on jazz and bop drumming 
The hidden history of Christianity. Norman Cohn s history of the Zoroastrian idea is one of the most informative and useful studies of a complex subject available. The influence of 
A perfect learning tool. A compelling story of the development of mathematics.If students were taught from Osen s book, they would have greater appreciation and interest in this mportant subject. 
A good start with several flaws. This is a good start. In its sheer breadth of knowledge it covers a vast array of questions from pre-emptic strikes to the status 
Sylvia ...i love her. What can i say that everyone already knows...She lifts your spirit. Even if some of you don t want to believe...it s ok...i do and that 
Just when you think. Loves the books and characters and this series just kepps getting bette  
Right on target. The gist of the book is to stay out of the arguments; let them work it out. I have half heartedly done this before, but felt guilty 
Awesome!. This book contains a wealth of information about 165 essential oils. It is a wonderful reference guide for the begining as well as the experienced aromatherapist. Detailed information about 
For lo! for this is a great book!. This is a great version King Arthur. It is wonderfully written and has magnificent illustrations. This is a must have for any 
John O Neill is a modern hero. I bought this book on sale at K-Mart, and it was definitely worth the few dimes I spent for it. This book reads 
A book which raises many questions....... What more can be said which already hasn t of this extraordinary book written by an extraordinary man of courage? With 900 reviews, I 
Please, read Arif H. Akhunzada s Review with caution!. I request customers and other visitors to read the article by Arif H. Akhunzada titled Bacha Khan legacy is Questionable with 
An eye opener. From the beginning to the end, you are just kept impressed by the common-sense but refreshing view of marketing concepts. I also liked the way Professor Kotler 
Reflections on a golden studio. Although a little dated originally written circa 1969 this is still one of the great inside stories about what goes on or more precisely did 
Concise but comprehensive. Concise but comprehensive might sound like a contradiction but I couldn t think of any other way to describe it. John Piper really introduced me to Jonathan 
Country bumpkin alternate reality in North America. Imagine a North America where things in the early 1800 s were different. How different? Imagine if the magic and folklore of the 
Just in the Nick of time. We were planning on giving this to my son for Christmas, however, the day before he came down with a bad cold and fever. 
A must for all ESL EFL teachers and trainers. In 91, I took the first addition to Nicaragua and left it there for the new EFL teachers at the university 
Excellent Account and Audio Read. This review refers to In The Heart Of The Sea by Nathaniel Philbrick, Unabridged Audio edition, read by Scott BrickNathaniel Philbrick leaves no stone unturned 
An Amazing Author not to be Underestimated. If you like short stories you should love Roald Dahl s Tales of the Unexpected I bought this book having already read some 
This book fills a desparate need for reflective teachers. Mr. Lortie has written a study that cuts to the heart of the teaching profession. He analyzes the overt and subliminal 
A book with a relationship. I can remember the first time that I saw Silver Pigs it was in a school library around 8 years ago, it was not the 
Foreshadowing Tess. The Woodlanders is said to be one of Hardy s more descriptive novels and Hardy is also said to have a love for this part of the country. 
A God Who Learns to Forgive. This review is dedicated to my father. Along with Midsummer Night s Dream and Macbeth, The Tempest was one of my father s favorite 
A Book to Push you Through it All. The Runner s Book of Daily Inspiration:A Year of Motivation, Revelation, and Instruction is most likely the best investment I have ever 
Sorry I Am Hooked. I admit at first that I love mysteries. I especially enjoy mysteries where I care about the characters. Finding a new series with a superb hero 
Finally, a book with some science. After shelves upon shelves of books, magazines, and essays have been written about the brain science behind our childrens developement, we finally have a 
The Conservative s Bible. Kirk s book is supposedly the bible of Conservatives. Not neo-conservatives, but Conservatives. He sets up the long standing debate between the French, and Voltaie, and 
The secrets of Wireless Hacking. An excellent resource both for the novice as well as for the advanced user of WLAN. If you work professionally with wireless LAN you should 
John Densmore s experience with The Doors. John Densmore is a musician involved in multiple projects. He has also been involved in the theater. But the like it or not, 
The First of the Meme Wars . John Barnes assembles a vision of the future in the best tradition of true science fiction visionaries.What happens if society decides to experiment 
Fabulous. This is the best book I have found for a general study of the of neural networks. I found this particularly useful when looking at how to write my 
PERFECT. This is a perfectly executed novel. Not a word can be cut out or changed without ruining the story. How writing used to be.... No, even in Waugh s 
Part Two- Highly Improbable. This highly improbable sequel to The Hithiker s Guide to the Galaxy is as enjoyable or maybe even more so than the first installment. Like the 
This is a must for any woman going through a crisis. I first heard of Alice Domar and the Harvard Mind-Body Institute s Infertility Program in an article which highlighted 
Entertaining. I found this book very entertaining. It is written very simply to satisfy a broad audience. The pictures are stunning. Mr. Attenbourough and his team have been able to 
The Design Resource for every designer. I was a student of Miss Reed s 1972-73 , even have her hand written notes in my class notebook that I kept, and 
Inspiring. It will transform your therapy practice. Milne,a 3rd generation Scottish osteopath, has the celtic gift of healing through word and touch. He shares the long multi-cultural history, precise techniques 
Not what I expected. I expected yet another basic how-to with lots of step-by-step instructions and writing exercises. None of that is in there, but I read it anyway, and 
A Tribute, Not a Review. I studied with Robert Lowell at Harvard in 1963 & 1964. I wouldn t presume to review his Collected Poems, only to testify that he 
Oh how I know you Miss Julia.... I do believe all of us know a Miss Julia, and Ann B. Ross writes her so well. I have read all of 
The Full Sum of the Man, His Work and His Times. With this volume, Richard Ellmann elevates Oscar Wilde into the select circle of Ireland s other literary giants of 
Great Book, a fast read. I am a big fan of the Luca Davenport character, but even with out Lucas, this book had me from the first page until the 
A must read. For a long time I ve felt that this book should be required reading for every American high school student. The book details the campaigns of the 
Well-written, easy to understand, interesting. Terrific book for anyone interested in not only propaganda and its history, but public relations, marketing, advertising, et  
I love this book because this book inspires me to know about the african american drama. A raisin in the sun is a good book for people to read, because 
SF criticism strikes again... and hits. A wonderful compilation of essays edited by James Gunn and Matthew Candelaria. Some are out of print or hard to find canonical articles, such 
BOOKREPORTER.COM REVIEW. It s impossible not to fall for the winningly eccentric cast of characters in Laura Pedersen s laugh-out-loud sequel to her acclaimed novel BEGINNER S LUCK. Pedersen reunites 
Confused? Get this book!. There are varying differences between men and women and Mr. Gray takes his time in this book to explain what they are. What I got from 
Excellent resource. This book is an excellent resource for anyone studying terrorism. I used it as part of a bibliography for my final Army War College paper. Though the paper 
Very Helpfull. Even on my poor english this book is very helpfull and the author is one of the best designers i ever heard about  
refactoring. a good and clear book for improving your code in small steps. a lot of not language specific good examples.  
My First J. D. Robb. I have enjoyed Nora Robert s books for a long time and this is my first experience with J. D. Robb. I thoroughly enjoyed this 
One of two books all electrical engineers should own. Trouble shooting analog circuits gives tips on trouble shooting along with extensive analog quirks in common components. If you didn t 
Not for everybody. Nikki Giovanni as a credit to American poetry but one has to realize that what she write is for everybody.To compare her to somebody less controversial like 
Learn how to debug Linux code at both kernel and application levels. Learn how to debug Linux code at both kernel and application levels through a hands-on tutorial which covers 
Evoluting and Grahamesque. After reading and re-reading this collection, the first thought that crossed my mind was, &quot;I want something magnificent to happen to me today!&quot; I felt myself dissolving 
Our children are so much nicer to each other. When I read the chapter about predictable and preventable sibling conflicts, the author wrote as if he had placed a camera 
Planning, not just plans. Unlike most business plan guides that focus on producing an impressive document, this book actually helped me plan to run a company. It anticipates and explains 
Wonderful recipes and a great resource. This is a wonderful cook book, even after pregnancy. The recipes are some of my husband and toddler s favorites - we particulary love 
Great!. The anthology is well put together and samples many influencial poets while providing indepth biographical resources and essays.  
Excellent Book!. This turned out to be an excellent book! The main character in this bookis John Wells.He is a CIA agent who has sucessfully infiltrated al-Qaeda.He is a soldier 
Emotive peek of life in Haiti and Haitians in the US!,. Krik! Krak! Edwidge Dandicat s second stroke of genius the first being Breath, Eyes, Memory , takes readers through 
Exceptional: History and Horsemanship. This is one of the books that I actually took to college with me due to its unusual author. Xenophon wrote this work from the his 
One of my very favorite children s books. Oh how I wanted to be Elizabeth Ann when I was little and first read this book! First of all, I thought 
Without Consent or Contract by Fogel. This is an excellent work on the impact of slavery in the Americas.Between 1600-1800, the New World slaves numbered under 1 5 of thepopulation 
A Life Worth Living, A Life You Can Have. There are how-to books on breaking into the art world, then there s Paul Dorrell s Living the Artist s Life. 
AWESOME BOOK!. One of the best feline books I have ever read! Gives a lot of insite into the Feline behavior, , and social structure. I have YEARS of animal 
For Former High School Players. If you have ever played high school football under the lights, you will enjoy this book. When I started the book I realized it was 
Ten Apples. This is an excellent beginning reader. It provides practicing counting and even though it follows a predictable sequence, it is fun to see what will happen next.  
Wing to Wing, Oar to Oar. &gt; This anthology on Courting and Marrying was very interesting and bolstering of many things I knew to be right and good. The authors 
Stupid Stupid Rat Tails, I love them. The Stupid Stupid Rat Tails is a excellent comic book. I love the way Jeff Smith draws. I have read all his Bone 
A poignant and profound tale. Winner of the Michael L. Printz award in young adult literature, Looking for Alaska is a novel for adults and older teens that deals with 
For young dinosaur enthusiasts... My five year old daughter specifically asked for this book as a Christmas gift after checking it out at the library during the summer; it made 
Very Good Beginning. For starters, let me say that I very rarely write reviews for Amazon. However, I feel like I needed to say something to offset some of the 
Useful Tips. This book is setup for effective reading or just finding a quick tip. The author brings lots of experience and the information is useful for a person of 
Love this one. I love this book. Nice pictures and easy to follow directions for the advanced beginner that I am ...The baby kimono and log cabin are just a 
Roberto. Plain and simple, this book is a must have for any Barista or any one that enjoys a drink  
Chilling Book. All of us are aware, or so I would hope, of how close the Cuban Missle Crisis was to nuclear war. This book tells the story from those 
Delightful mental jousting with a beautiful muse. Fun from beginning to end, John Fowles explores the never-smooth relationship between the author and his muse. Miles Green verbally and physically jousts 
Helpful information and encouragement toward lifestyle changes. This book gives the reader a sense that they can be in charge of their body and how disease effects them. It gives 
A solid excellent book. This book roots in a majesterial examination of the documentary records of the Warren Commission and the FBI, a product of careful, hard work conducted over 
Practical suggestions in every chapter!. I found practical suggestions in each chapter -- a useful resource to help us round out our fund raising program. With uncertainties in the Washington, 
Bringing back Chinese culture!. Bringing the cultures of China back into the world, once again, Amy Tan completes yet another exquisite piece of work, in composing The Bonesetter s Daughter. 
Read THIS. One of the best non fiction books I have ever read. If 9 11 leaves some questions in your mind and the government is not giving the whole 
Worth Reading. I ve recently discovered and began to enjoy Nora Roberts books. Private Scandals kept me entertained, but the identity of the stalker obsessive fan murderer was easy to 
Highly detailed framework for team development. Overview:The Wisdom of Teams presents Katzenbach and Smith s contention that real teams are the best approach to building a high-performance organization. The authors 
get the whole story. In the words of John Henrik Clarke, what we know as Black History, are actually the missing pages of World History.. Anyone who is a true 
But If We Do Want to Invade Poland... I gave this book one star before. What it said appalled me. And it still does. But after reading it, I scanned 
My head still hurts. I have long been a Steven Pinker fan. It is great to have a neurologist appear who can explain the workings of the brain in a 
Short - and an absolute classic. This book is short but extremely thought-provoking. The story and characters are much different than they are portrayed in modern versions. What happens if 
Review of Against The Gods . This is an excellent book on the history and development of the concepts surrounding and the measurements of risk.For the first time, a book 
Very gooding fantasy writing!. In Brazil they butchered this edition subtracting some stories , but it s still a great read  
how to become a gazillionaire!. Wayne of Rebeccasreads highly recommends THE ULTIMATE GUIDE TO ELECTRONIC MARKETING FOR SMALL BUSINESS from author, speaker & all-round whizz-bang TOM ANTION as worth the 
Sustainable Communities. Judy and Michael Corbett have written a brief and thoughtful, not to mention well-informed book on the subject of designing and building sustainable communities. The various chapters on 
The Skinny on Hiassin. Were someone to write a biography of Carl Hiassin in fifty years it is hard to imagine that he or she wouldn t focus on the 
Excellent perspective on Miami. I read this book so many years ago, but I just now realized I had never shared my opnions about it. I had lived in Miami 
Great Source of Historical Information. This book is excellent.... EL Konigsburg describes the apprentice Salai s service to Leonardo very well... It seems as if you are watching it take 
GREAT READ, FROM THE FIRST PAGE TO THE LAST AND EVERYWHERE INBETWEEN!!!!!!!!!!!. MISERY----5 STARSWhen reading this book, I could not put it down.....i LOVED every single page of this book, 
A book that s part tribute, exploration, and witty!. How many comedy writers have surrived so long with one performer? The author started with Lucille Ball on the radio series 
Enjoyable fiction tying past & present. Based on the description, I expected this to be a DaVinci Code knock-off, but gave it a shot since I recieved a free copy. 
A Collection of Eclectic Reading. To be blatently sales related, an organization such as a design firm has a difficult time in selling itself. What can you say that doesn 
Another pilot s thoughts. Running into the Sky was both very informative about the technical and practical aspects of learning to fly Powered Paragliders as well as being a very 
THIS WILL ONLY WORK FOR PEOPLE WHO WANT TO INCREASE SALES AND COMMUNICATE EFFECTIVELY!. The fact that you are reading my review shows me your interest in a balanced and 
Excellent book. I read this book several years ago, and just recently purchased it for my daughter for her birthday. I thought it was an excellent read, different, and very 
Beats the Summer of Night. I loved this book, the final twist made it great. The Summer the kids faced the darkness at the old school left its mark. Dale 
Another fun read from Nevada Barr. I ve been tearing through Nevada Barr s Anna Pigeon mysteries ever since I discovered them. The tighest and best story in my opinion 
The Simple and the Grandiose. I have read a number of other books by Shusaku Endo and I have come to appreciate his unique to me Christian theology. He made 
memories. This CD, with several people were reading the texts, brought back so many memories of my own father. I had to buy copies for my two sisters as well 
You Can Have, Do, or Be Whatever You Want!. Esther and Jerry Hicks s books on the teachings of Abraham have inspired millions already. For those not yet familiar with 
Autobiographical Look at a Paranoid Schizophrenic. This book is one of Philip K. Dick s most autobiographical, and is about the least well known time of his life. He had 
My son loves this book!. He will dig through his basket of, say, 20 books just to find this one. He is too young to read and has trouble even 
If the golf tours interest you this is a must read. The author has captured the escence of the Developmental Tours and the exciting yet mostly futile efforts of the 
Riveting. When I started my endevour to read presidential biographies I had no interest in LBJ - he did not seem very interesting or appealing to me. After just a 
An Exciting Ride of Suspense. This book is an exciting story of a man called Richard Hannay who is led into a secret by a mysterious man called Scudder who 
Strongly influenced my decision to quit drinking!. I am an alcoholic. After reading this book, I understood better why my body can t handle alcohol the way other s can. 
A mirror of history.... A well researched and well written book on the life of Maximilien Robespierre. Considering the limited amount of information available on the subject, I found this 
The Seven Story Mountain. It was quite refreshing to read such clear prose describing a journey of faith from over half a century ago. Merton is writing from his time 
Valuable for the curious and the more experienced. This is a famous art text and justly so. If you are wondering &quot;just what is this modern art stuff?&quot;, this book 
a beautiful and brave novel. Michael Ignatieff s novel is written from the perspective of a son who has a mother with a family with a history of dementia. The 
A Look at the Death Penalty. This book is not only interesting but gives a great deal of insight into life on death row, at least in the state of 
Three Florida cases: Jerry Rogers, Roy Swafford, Peter Ventura. Jerry Layne Rogers, Sr. -- wrongfully convicted and innocent. From 1989 - 1992, I was his investigator at CCR [The Office 
very good book. I, Michael L. Rayborn, did NOT write that reveiw below. Despite my known interest in the reavers of Northumbria which is where my ancestors came from , 
Many editions to choose from. This a challenging read, but with film, audio and interpretive editions there are an embarrassment of riches that make it a lot easier. Here is 
Stunning book on culture and worldview... Godawa s book is a must-read for those who are interested in the meshing of culture, worldview, and the arts  
Prose with a unique flavor. Other reviews have given the outline of the narrative, but a good way to convey the strength and variety of the writing - not always 
very informative. I guess vampires really do exist..but instead of sucking blood they suck your energy. Knowingly or not. I experience some of the symptoms they said to look out 
Worked for me. As a relatively new archer. I found the simple explanations defining the fundamentals to be extremely helpful. My son and I shoot 3D targets which simulates hunting, 
I m a fan. Kurt Vonnegut knows how to draw your attention, and it s often only after you ve finished the book that you realize the level of seriousness 
Fantastic Again. This book is cracking. Just like the Skinner I thoroughly enjoyed it. Took 3 days to read and that was only because of work food and sleep breaks!Dragon, 
A masterful achievement!. Tom Hopkins has set a standard to which all others must aspire. This book is the epitome of good selling techniques and the lost art of just 
this is an excellent songwriting book. Jason Blume s 6 Steps to Songwriting Success: The Comprehensive Guide to Writing and Marketing Hit Songs is an excellent songwriting book. I ve 
Very good first book on Jefferson. If you have read several other books on TJ, then this is probably not for you. This is a very concise 200 page book 
Blood Red Horse. By: Kevin 12-7-05Title: Blood Red HorseISBN: 0-8027-8960-9Blood Red Horse by K.M Grant You need three things to become a brave and noble knight: a war horse, a 
a true master of realism!!. Balzac s wit and and talent is simply unsurpassable!!As Lucien is manipulated by the rich aristocrats to the point of self distraction in order to 
Good introductory text and overview of the industry. I read From Alchemy to IPO for an MBA course on entrepreneurialism in the pharmaceutical industry. Given my background undergraduate business, financial 
Funny, Funny, Funny. I love the humor in this novel. It is so natural, and I found myself laughing out loud--all my myself! It s a feel good story, yet 
Magic, Unintended Consequences, and When All Seems Lost, a Happy Ending. One day, Sylvester Duncan, an endearing young burro whose hobby is collecting unusual pebbles, happens upon a truly extraordinary 
A great book for working girls. I bought Cash in the City based on a review that I read in the USA Today newspaper. I can say that I was 
Clinical Psychologist s review with twins --outstanding. I m a Ph.D. and gay, coupled for 18 years. We have twins via surrogacy our daughters are now 10--yes, they are simply 
 The name of the little riddle is Revenge . The previous book in the series was good but left me with a somewhat bitter taste. The reason was the 
From Bad Cook to Good Cook. I was possibly one of the worst cooks on the planet until I discovered Giada De Laurentiis and bought Giada s family dinners book. 
Conjures up Images that Stay with You. His prose is excellent, but his poetry the black riders war is kind is what stays with me. The striking images, dark humor 
Warm and Charmimg. This book is is full of adventure and imagination. I would recommend this book to any parent or grandparent because of it s content, charm, sense of 
&quot;Zelda,&quot; By Nancy Milford. I absolutely adored this book. It is extremely depressing at times to read considering the life of the woman the book is based upon, but other 
A Second Grader s Review. The Chocolate Touch teaches the lesson not to always think about yourself. During the story John kisses his mother and she turns into chocolate. I 
As for accomodation guides ... Hi all -I note that people have mentioned this guide is short on accomodation listings. The New Zealand Automobile Association AA and a company called 
A Wonderful Novel. Charles Frazier s Cold Mountain changed me. As a writer, he really showed me how much I need to learn.Mr. Frazier s bold use of period music 
Wonderful and beautiful. This is one of the best purchases I have ever made from Amazon. The book is one we give for birthday s all the time now. My 
Koko love, Koko good. The story of Koko, the gorilla who knows sign language, and her kitten, Ball, is told by Penny Patterson, her owner and mentor. Koko loved books 
WHAT THE WORLD NEEDS NOW. The Skin You Live In is a wonderful book for a world full of children who need to feel special and good about themselves. Everyone 
Haunting Ending. I thoroughly enjoyed this book. As with all of Ms. Didion s books, I take my time with them, to truly cherish her writing style. I am a 
Review on Catwings, a GREAT but short book by Ursula Le Guin. Hi! You can call me StoryMaker. I just read Catwings, a wonderful book by Ursula Le Guin. I 
November 7, 2006 Election Adds More Evidence to Support Right Nation Thesis. The fascinating thing regarding the election held only two days ago was the alleged conservatism of a number 
Easy read highly encouraging. This is a wonderful compliment to the book Heaven. It gives wonderful stories to illustrate the greatness of heaven.  
What was it like to be a cowboy on cattle drives?. This book has the answers. Exciting stories, concise writing too concise sometimes . Siringo is honest about his faults. 
A must read. This is a must read for any Paulsen fan. Boys will probably find it more interesting. Paulsen tells the true stories that inspired the actions in the 
A Masterpiece. This is the defining book on the man who defined the game that defined America in the early 20th century. The Big Bam is a wonderful set piece 
Ok book. I think the reviews so far are a little unfair. This is really a pretty decent book, and for its price, it does justice. You will be able 
the real life. its the best book ever. even tho its about a spanish girl and spanish religions, its really good for anyone to read. i read it and i 
Best Description of a Marine I ve read. Page 58 has one of the best descriptions of the type of person who becomes a Marine. Kopeland made me proud to 
Absolutely fabulous!. This is a splendid chronicle of a remarkable career, though I can t help but wonder if Evans wouldn t have been happier if he had just learned 
the new one. I want another like it. Mr braver...please let us know when you are gonna write one as good as this. Does anyone else think this would make 
The Best. So readable. A great effort at giving the big picture of Europe. Most European history books are lamentable as to their content on anything east of Germany. This 
Great resources for all financial professionals. As a new financial manager I was searching for a book which will show me to prepare a budget and understand a budget process. 
Library Lil thrilled our second grade. I am currently interning as a school librarian. I read to second grade, but I think it would appeal to a wider age group 
Very enjoyable!. Honest, humorous, well written. Ms. Baez dosen t pull any punches as she shares the story of her career and escapades with her readers. If you are a 
The Barrowers. It was really great i loved it it showed me the meaning of true friends and that it s okay to be a little differen  
A nice light De Lint... Yarrow is one of his less complex stories, but that doesn t make it any less enjoyable. The idea of an author being able to 
Whirlwind of a read. Palast bares it all. Put me through all 5 stages of mourning- from disbelief to anger to despair  
Excellent Reading. This book is a great read. A poignant account from a group of WWII airborne veterans, not high-ranking staff officers, that experienced the inhuman realities of war. But 
Bodansky and his think tank outhinking about everyone i ve read. Bodansky s books are to my opinion the BEST books written on middle east politics,at times you have to 
Exactly what I needed to read. This book really hit home. I was so relieved to see someone else had struggled thru and survived. Nancy Hagener s honesty is so 
A book for pleasure and engagement. I absolutely adored this book. Philosophy, most would agree, isn t read for entertainment, but edification of some sort. It enlightens, it provokes, it 
Nephilim Unveiled. I bought this book 2006 version at B&N on the spot I was so impressed with it. The author clarifies the Biblical issue of the Nephilim using the 
Slice of Life with a Twist. This meticulously observed slice of life showing the writer s motivations is Roth s Bildungsroman of a fresh new writer a young Roth, no 
Excellent for excercises. This book has TONS of exercises! If you are looking for THE encyclopedia of bodybuilding exercises, this IS it. I have tried Arnold s guide, but found 
A haunting yet true account of the horrors of Black hatred. This book is an accurate account of the horrors and stereotypes that surrounded Diaspora Africans in America. It is 
Taste the World!. Many of my family s favorite foods are ethnic so we thought we d dive right in and discover what else the world is eating that we 
Once Were Warriors. I m the author of AKA DOCTOR. Alan Duff s writing of this book and the sequel, What Becomes of the Broken Hearted, grabbed me by the 
A Must for All Puppy Owners. First of all I have to respond to an earlier reviewer who says that Shirlee Kalstone doesn t know anything about dogs and suggests 
African American Spirituality. Peter Paris has written a well-reasoned treatise exploring the relationship between African spirituality and African American spirituality. Whereas other writers see more discontinuity between the two, Paris 
Excellent - a Mind opener. After reading this book and listening to the audio tape as well...I must say I was transformed. I used her tape to guide my meditations, 
Colorful and well-written. On one hand this is a product manual hyping what Toys in Babeland sells but it is also a great example of sexual information made fun and 
Making Aromatherapy creams and lotions. I really enjoyed the book. I found that the book was explained in logical sequence with plenty of background information as to why you will 
A Must Have. I bought this recipe book when I really did not have the money to invest in recipe books. Now that I can buy the pricier books I 
Thrilling and dark sci-fi. I finally got around to reading the book Jurassic Park by Michael Crichton. Paleontologists Dr. Alan Grant and Dr. Ellie Sattler, chaos mathematician Dr. Ian Malcolm 
Wonderful view of Heaven and Hell. I have read alot of classic poetry, and it is great to read one in its native language,which is very beautiful. After reading this 
Flat out amazing. I have owned this book for over 10 years now and have cooked most everything in it. I m telling you honestly that I have yet to 
My First Hoffman...and I ll be back for more!. My friend recommended this book to me and it came at a perfect time when I was looking for something to 
Good for leisure reading, to unwind a bit. I thought this book was not as bad as some of these reviews suggest. I didn t think there needed to be 
One of the best books on the subject. I cannot say enough about this extraordinary book. Everyone who is interested in the environment that led to the rise of Christianity 
An Exciting New View of Elementary Particles. I enjoyed this book because it developed an exciting new approach to quantum field theory that appears to solve the divergence issues that 
Destruction and pain are the formula for LB #5: Apollyon. What a mixed bag this book was. it was typical Left Behind fare: 400 pages of theorizing, agonizing, and evil 
A terrifying and unique Supernatural story. This novel has a wonderfully unique premise. The themes of the darker aspects of Greek Myth, sinister woods and what lurks within them, unreality 
Oh Mother!. Moms have a way of embarrassing us. They don t mean it of course. They just do it accidentally in public places. And from what I ve heard 
Far, far better than the newest movie. Okay, I went into this book after seeing the remake of Haunting of House Hill. I ve never seen the original and can 
A nice tale mixing Myth with Timetravelling. This book is great all the way through, following Jon Shannow trying to have a break from being himself. Jon finds himself trying 
Witty. Alexander McCall Smith s latest series introduces us to characters ranging from the egocentric Bruce whose full time job consists of taking baths and admiring his looks in the 
Very personal readings. I sometimes find poems in remarkable ways and these seem so personal, as if the poet had written them for me. Such is the experience of other 
A true classic. I read this book while spending the summer backpacking around the Rocky Mountains. Anything that you carry around in a backpack for that long has to be 
Brings you Back in Time. This book really makes you feel like you are in Europe during the Middle Ages. Although a little of the book is for younger children, 
One of the most wonderful books ever!. This is one of the most wonderfull books ever writen, no doubt. The story of the bible is the point of departure for 
persuasive enough!. A perfect one-sided story carefully equipped with opinions of heavy-weighted thinkers elaborately designed to persuade, but one-sided nevertheless  
How to predict what the consumer thinking about. First of all , i would like to thank Mr. baker for his greatest book and i hope this book is a 
More than what it promises. This is more than a look at the development of the urban organization. It s an examination of society as a whole. This is one 
Engaging. Not as moving as some of my favorite books, but this was an engaging look into three generations of the Brangwen family in small-town England. Interesting portrayal of the 
Interesting collection of essays. While this book contains essays on the lesser discussed women of Dada, it also covers gender and identity in Dada - including Marcel Duchamp. It is 
A Profound Opening into the Origins of Love and Culture. I am sorry to be so blunt about this, but previous reviewers Sierra and whomi do not appear to have 
Wonderful Strategic Planning Tool. I found this text to be a useful tool in understanding the strategic planning process. It was especially helpful due towards the public nonprofit focus  
Fun read. I had no idea that when I bought this book at the airport on a flight from London, I was buying one of the funniest and entertaining books 
Straightforward, good beginner information. This is actually a pretty good book for those first entering the realm of the Yoruba religion. It has some good straightforward beginner information.I don t 
Must have!. If you are interested in animal behavior and welfare, this is a must have book. Very straightforward with several practical examples based on consistent scientific knowledge.  
A guide which blends in teachings from the world s great spiritual thinkers with insights on health and lasting happiness. Kathleen Hall found great success in her life but had 
liked it. I really was happy to find these books by Robin Hobb I have really enjoyed all 9 books.  
Kidder does it again. tracy kidder is an excellent down-hope real-life author. The biography here offered of the dedicated obsessed? physician attempting to extinguish TB world wide is fascinating and 
Should be required reading for baseball fans. I must preface this by saying that I read this book after it was reccomended to me by the sports editor of a 
Not only a great writer but a wonderful person. I love the book and am impressed by the author in general  
A Must for Hitchcock Fans. Daniel Spoto is well known for his fascinating biography of Alfred Hitchcock. The Art of Alfred Hitchcock fleshes out The Master every bit as much 
A cheater exposed. If you are still blindly defending Barry Bonds at this point, you really should have your head examined, or at least your G.E.D. rescinded. Barry Bonds never 
Awesome Book. I read pretty much everything I can find that is written about Heaven and what eternal life will be like. Randy Alcorn did a great job of telling 
An Encyclopedia for Intercultural Understanding. In his SourceBook for Earth s Community of Religions, editor Joel Beversluis brings together the fruit of a lifetime of interfaith explorations. Joel is an 
Men of principle--even if it kills them. This book reads a little bit like a precursor to the novels of Ayn Rand. A group of men espouse almost impossible ideals, 
Loved the book! Did have to overlook some of the minutiae, though. This is a perfect book - educational, entertaining, strengthening. The main character, Una, was at times restless, at 
Great fun,for the readers rather than the characters. The Bauldalaire children are likeable,intelligent protagonists,but since their parents died in a horrible fire,their lives have been filled with misery and despair.The 
Another exemplary title in The Missing Manual series!. Even iPhoto veterans will appreciate the excellent coverage of new features offered in iPhoto 6 over previous versions of iPhoto.The first part 
Ma-ki-sin-waa-big-waan, the Moccasin Flower. This is such a pretty book that tells the tale of the Ojibwe legend of the laddy slipper or moccasin flower. The illustrations are simple and 
Forty blend shapes... Brilliant concepts and discussion of details, but somewhat slow in painting the big picture. He never really comes out and says it, so I will. The end 
Good Reference mr Book. This a book that can help you understand how mental ray works. The tutorials are easy to follow, some take sometime to render specially when rendering 
From dubiosity to admiration. LOST IN A GOOD BOOK may be a painful rite of passage for a linear thinker.Here, in author Jasper Fforde s England of 1985, people keep 
Brilliant. Weinberg never disappoints the serious student of theoretical physics. There is no good reason to ignore perusing his texts.Weinberg is a master expositor and creator of modern physics.There simply 
An Awesome Resource. This is another great guide of recommended books by Kathleen Odean. In this book, there are over 750 books about the things kids love, and many, many 
Intense. Clancy really keeps you going on this one. Like inside Delta Force, this book takes you inside how these teams work and the stress they are under. Keep them 
Compulsion And Healing. When I started reading this book, I had little or no sympathy with Dana Lustig, and his decision to return all the little rocks his late mother 
Stereophotography of the Civil War. This book in an excellant introduction to Civil War stereophotography. The pictures are wonderfully composed and provide insight into the war. There is a good 
Thoroughly Convincing. Darwinists are scared. They are very scared. You can tell from all the hystrionic attacks on this erudite, logical, convincing treatise which eviscerates the PHILOSOPHY posing as science, 
Marxist Jesuits. First of all Malachi Martin did NOT walk out on his order to marry a foreign correspondent during the Vatican Council, as claimed by a previous reviwer. In 
Excellent book!!. I purchased it for my 2 year old because her hair can sometimes be tough to comb. She loves it. I want to instill a positive outlook about 
Do it again!. I would give it an 11 if I could. This book is flawless. From the first page, I was hooked. The characters were the best I had 
too many mistaken reviews. I find it surprising that so many reviewers find this unrealistic and too intellectual for discussion of desire. This is not a nonfiction research text on 
Biblical Amnesia: A Forgotten Story of Redemption. Scott Gustafson in clear and easy to read language speaks about some startling ideas that are found in scripture, but which have been 
Disturbingly fantastic. Listen to the other reviewers: this is NOT a parody. It s not funny. I was expecting funny. What I got was one of the most dark, haunting, 
And Alexander said, I share your fate. . I had the pleasure taking Dr. Kurke s Leadership class while working on my MBA, and of seeing him give two uplifting 
Beaches was an exelent book. Two thumbs up. This book is about two friends, Cee Cee Bloom and Roberta White, who met durring their childhood and stay friends until Bertie 
Sci Fi , Mystery , Romance ... Oh My!. I guess I m hooked. I read everyone of J.D. Robb s books as soon as they make their way to 
Couldn t put it down. Seriously, and I ve met few non-fiction books that I can say that about. I m not a hunter but I found this book quite 
It Shall Be Done. This book is a must read for businessmen, educators, coaches, and anyone who feels like they are in need of a lift! The parable in this 
Making the Difference.... Nance s book is one that I keep with me all the time. It seems that every time I come across a tough patch of communication with 
Appeals on many levels. Part travelogue, part history of the Balkans and the Middle East, most notably , part Agatha Christie biography, the book satisfied this reader on all three 
Frontpage 2003 Review. When I first purchased the Frontpage Software I should have bought this book at the same time, in fact they should actually be sold together. It is 
Excellent resource for students. I am currently using this as my Game Design textbook. As a student, it provides not only mere theory, but valuable interviews with upstanding designers. It 
A good plan to end terror. I have to agree with the authors. There is far too much anti Americanism in the world today. Everywhere you go, people are blaming 
Excelent reading. Very well written, easy to understand and a well ballanced opinion and explanation on the subject. I would recomend this book to anyone with interest in the subject 
Good, But Lacking In Comparison. Scene of the Crime is the latest in a recent influx of collections of crime scene photography, and it has added appeal in that some 
Feeling alone in the arene of ORM. I am a proud owner of Visio for Enterprise Architects, the only case tool I own, and I ve have also purchased and 
wonderful information!. My husband is a great dad. I gave this to him as a birthday gift. He loved it! He read it in 2 weeks. He is now an 
Excellent History. Having read many, if not too many according to some , US Civil War books and specifically books on Gettysburg, I am by no means an expert but 
My awesome review. Hatching Magic by Ann Downer is a great book to read in your spare time. It has magical critters and holes in time. There are a lot 
A good story for your young book worm!. I read this story as a child at the school library after seeing it on Reading Rainbow and enjoyed it very much. 
Laugh out loud hilarious. Truly affecting. It s a book that crosses genres as I m not a parent, but I was consistently moved and often laughed out loud. I 
The Essential Introduction to 21st century spirituality. Read this book and it will change your life. Perhaps in subtle ways, perhaps profoundly. How does Seth compare to the Celestine Prophecy? 
I m very happy with this. I m a strong intermediate player with some habits that limit my playing. Scott Tennant s tips helped cure some fatigue problems, helped me 
Rewiring the brain. I found this book fascinating. When I was a young mother, I knew it was important to relate to my child in a helpful, healing way. I 
An intelligent read. On one level, this novel is a whodunnit - we are following the trial of a fisherman accused of killing another fisherman. But since one is Japanese-American 
GREAT READ, FROM THE FIRST PAGE TO THE LAST AND EVERYWHERE INBETWEEN!!!!!!!!!!!. MISERY----5 STARSWhen reading this book, I could not put it down.....i LOVED every single page of this book, 
A truly fantastic adventure. This is one of the most unique and interesting books I have ever read.The perils of PI s adventure are of the most original concepts and 
Fantastically useful. I read Gowa s book for a graduate course, and found it to be immensely helpful for contextualizing international relations debate. She writes in a clear style and 
Powerful little book!. This book is basic, small, and simple, but it packs a very powerful punch. Copan has a way of writing that cuts to the chase. The whole 
An Enjoyably Quick Read. The Itch was a good quick read that kept my interest to the end. Although the situations in the characters lives could have been covered a 
Excellent Commentary on an unusual play. Shakespeare is not my favorite author, although I do understand the concept of his Iambic Pentameter and its style and flourishes are highly regarded. 
Five Factor Fitness review. I have tried the program for three weeks now and have lost five pounds and gone from three pound weights to eight pounds without feeling overstressed. 
Reads like a good mystery novel. My colleagues and I have been designing and facilitating leadership development programs for about 20 years. I ve also served as a VP of 
An important book in Science Fiction and Space History. When I was a kid, I dreamed of being an astronaut. That wasn t to be, but this book inspired me 
The whys of suicide. Sharon McCone s brother Joey commits suicide, and the death ties in to a case involving another suicide, that of a young man who was maybe 
One of my favorite webcomics. Ever since I found Earthsong while wearily roaming the depths of the internet, I ve been a fast fan. While I generally prefer grittier fiction, 
Borderline Nation. This is one of my favorite books. I love Wurtzel s story as well as her writing style. However, some of the things that I most love about 
BRHS reviews Misfits. Stop your searching, grab your car keys, and head towards your local bookstore, or for you new high tech types head for amazon.com, because you must read 
Great Overall Book. I thought this book was amazing. While the writing for some might be difficult at first, the later chapter are the ones that capture the imagination. The 
Another Good Sams. Sams again turns out a great home manual for working with a complex product  
great book. My girlfriend gave me this book and told me I needed to use it to have a long life. After reading it, I think it will help me 
fun for all ages. This is a great book! It has wonderful illustrations, hence The Caldecott Medal, and an engaging story. My son loves this book, especially turning the pages 
Inspiring, informative...and good karma!. This is one of the best books I ve read about the business of voiceovers, and I ve read them all. Hearing how they did it 
excellent reference guide. This is my favorite handbook for chrocheting. I use the pattern gallery to create my own sweater and scarf designs. It is very easy to understand the 
Sing It Sister!. Finally, a woman writer, attempting to help women! Regardless of her political preferences, one can not ignore the convicing arguments establishing how so many liberal democrat powerhouses, 
Very Enjoyable and Informative Read. The History Buff s Guide to the Civil War by Thomas R. Flagel was very informative and provided this individual with many bits of information 
THE BEST GIBSON. PROBABLY THE BEST GIBSON YET. A MUST READ FOR HIS FANS AND A GOOD BOOK FOR NEWCOMERS TOO. A REAL THOUGHT PROVOKING READ!  
Exciting Urban Projects. A great collection of different planning straegies. Provides unique and refreshing solutions for designing different urban hardscapes, mostly in the U.S. and Europe. It is also well 
No better time to get your Ahimsa and Satyagraha. This is a book that should- and will- profoundly affect you. On the one hand its wonderful and inspiring. But I 
Believe in Your Art Ability. This is a fantastic book on believing in your ability to be an artist. It also teaches you to do art on a daily basis 
The awk bible a must have tome for all Unix power scripters. I second the feeling here, this awk book is the most concise, clear and useful scripting book on 
Book sale. I wish I had noticed that the book was in paperback form; I thought I had bought a hardcovered bookThe item was as stated. And I appreciated the 
Another generation to add to the fun!. In this book we are treated to another generation of Emerson, and even though they are all under six, they do add to 
She knows what she is teaching... First a warning: I bought this planning to hand it off to my disorganized junior high school kid who gets either A on his 
A work of applied philosophy. On of the most basic conflicts in any management is the conflict between quality do it right and output do it fast . Crosby starts 
shows a deep understanding of science fiction themes. As a longtime science fiction fan, I thought I was reasonably versed in the main themes of this field. But Moylan s 
Best bedtime book!. Very sweet & relaxing. I ve read it almost every for the last year. Calming & sweet, before they understand animals. Fun after they start learning about 
ANYBODY s guide to goats. I first bought this book several years ago for an 8-year-old friend who was getting her first goat. I think I have borrowed it back 
Ruskin s Venice. This is a deeply inspiring photographic account of Ruskin s commitment to Venice. It serves as a remarkable and revelatory companion to Ruskin s THE STONES OF 
An extensively researched and scholarly accounting. The Dead Sea Scrolls and the New Testament offers expert analysis in the study of The Dead Sea Scrolls by George J. Brooke, Rylands 
Invisible Cities worth reading at least once. I was recommended this book from my friend shortly after finishing graduate school when in need of a good detox-read. To me the 
Hillarious!. The first time my father read me this book, he fell of the chair laughing! I was right behind him  
A good book for beginners, but mediocre for more advanced readers. Most of the things that Cassandra Eason describes are in fact a lot easier than they seem from the 
You Just Have to Know Where to Look. Scott Weidensaul deserves recognition as one of the best naturalist writers working today. Here, Weidensaul follows in the cross-continental footsteps of Roger 
A must for all early education centers. This book outlines developmental stages of growth in childhood. It is easy to read and understand. The parents in my program rave about 
 WONDERFUL and I d give it more STARS if I could!!!!!!!! . I Wasn t Ready to Say Goodbye is such a wonderful, wonderful book! To see my thoughts, 
A Key to Understanding the Enigma of U2. Christianity, metaphorically, has many keys. Many prominent voices play major keys, promising blessings and offering comfortable settings. Christian Scharen, the author of 
Beautiful Gift Book for Christmas. This is a simple, yet beautiful book of pop-up paper scultptures, each representing a theme from A to Z. It is not a book for 
Do You Dare to Look Behind the Attic Wall?. Maggie is a troubled and unloved child. Shunted from boarding school to boarding school since the death of her parents, life 
Code of the warrior. In Marcus Aurelius we find the roots of chivalry for the warrior code. A classic work for anyone interested in history or military history in particular. 
Great bedtime reading. New Sudden Fiction is filled with little gems--great to read before bed, while in the tub or when you have a few free minutes. The best stories 
Everest of the Ocean. Once a year in northern California a swell of waves appear, large enough to crush a town, that can only be described as terrifying. This once 
Fantastic. You know the plot. Rebellion against authority. You ve seen it re-hashed a hundred times, but never treated this well. In Cuckoos Nest, Kesey has made the authority palpably 
Look into this NOW -- you won t regret it!. It s one of those things you tend to put off until tomorrow, but . . . this has such 
Great book for preschool and up. I really enjoy this book and have given it as a gift many times. Good for slightly older kids not toddlers as the fingerplays 
EXCELLENT. This book is excellent! If you don t have a finance background but need to understand the financial statements this book will teach you everything you need. If you 
A great psychic mystery!. Others have given the plot of this book in their reviews, and done it very well, so I ll stick to giving my opinion of the 
If Liberals talk about the author instead of the book. The book must be true  
Mayra Calvani. Since its creation in 1919 by pulp writer Johnston McCulley, the character of Zorro has captured the hearts and imaginations of young and old alike. The infamous, romantic 
How the West was lost. This is a fantastic classic detailing the demise of the plains Indians and deals with them incident by incident, tribe by tribe, chief by chief 
More than simply Stimulus-Response psychology. Anyone who accuses B. F. Skinner of championing a mechanistic, stimulus-response psychology needs to read this book! In it, Skinner takes the reader on an 
Great from personal experience.. I m a UC Berkeley student who has recently taken prof. Dundes folklore class...this book is part of the reading list hehe, well, if you re 
A deficit of cartoons to accompany this awesome book. This is one of the best of the best of the really ticked off conservative white guy s rage against things 
Great book, great advice!. After being at my wits end trying to figure out just what was going on in the head of my scaredy-dog, I picked up Brown s 
--Powerful and Unforgettable--. GODS AND GENERALS is an extremely well done and fascinating book. The author, Jeff Shaara, did an excellent job of interpreting the characters. His task was a 
A Vital and Prophetic Tool. A wonderful teaching tool. This book, like a solid, trustworthy, open pathway into the future awaits the readiness of men and women who are called 
As good a detective novel as you will ever read. From page one the strength of narrative and the wisecracking of the PI Bernhard Bernie Gunther is a detective novel 
The Cutest Child s Book of All Time!!!!!!!. I had this book for a very long time, and I loved it! It s a cute book that teaches children the 
A compelling tale that s truly educational. I read Paddle-to-the-Sea as a child I was born in 1942 , and its story, illustrations and maps have left lasting impresssions on 
Spooktacular. Some time ago I read one of this author s other books and it was undoubtedly one of, if not the best book of this type that I had 
This book and the &quot;Quality Pioneers.&quot;. One of the unique qualities of this &quot;Five Pillars&quot; book is that it covers in detail the contributions of all the early &quot;quality pioneers&quot;--including 
Want a tattoo? Read this book. This book takes you from figuring out what to put in your skin, to how it gets in your skin, what your body does 
Elisha Watson Book Report Rules of the Road. This is a great book for ages 12 and up.Joan Bauer has mad another great book. I could relate to it a 
Every Man Fights His Own War. I salute this author for his writing talents of transporting us literally into another space and time that not many of us will ever 
You Bring Out The Elvis In Me. ELVIS IN JERUSALEM is less about the Americanization of Israeli society than it is about the de-Zionization of Israeli culture.Segev, one of the 
good not just for review but to learn. My son needs some real education in math he is 7.5 years old in second grade . I use this book to 
Thorough history of Mary. As a Protestant convert to Orthodox Christianity I had the usual misgivings regarding the elevated role of Mary in the Orthodox and Catholic Churches. This book 
The Answer. While devouring this book, I really felt that I was getting close to, quote unquote, The Answer. That s how powerful it was on both me and, as 
Taking Sides: I ll Take the Whole Book!. This series of books is a must for anyone interested in modern political thought. It is as interesting as &quot;Crossfire&quot; with more 
Mobius rocks. I am a new knitter. After taking a class on the Mobius method, and getting into Cat Bordhi s fun and quirky head, it will be very boring 
Babylon 5 is the best show ever made!. Babylon 5 is the best show ever made! The depth of which J. Michael Straczynski has created is far beyond all other 
An excellent work for Aikiju-jutsu beginners. I am an instructor of Goshin Ryu Aikijiu-jutsu and I really enjoyed this book. It is well organized and readable. The action sequence shown 
Enjoyable, hilarious, and hold up over time. Never read a book by this guy, but he s touted as being against big government, so I thought I d take a 
The Platonic ideal of a historical novel... perfection. This is a book that dumps you squarely in the agora, the symposium, the trireme and the battlefield. There is not a 
Overall a very unique and informative book. I read this book with some anxiety being a college junior and not a psychologist or psychiatrist. I learned of it from my 
Not her best, but very good. I was a little wary of reading this book since she was never able to get it published during her lifetime despite trying for 
The content id Amazing. The amount of theory it s attached with a lot of circuits, and all easy to estudy and also deploy.Some circuit displayed are the easy way 
Similar but different true, but it may help build tolerance. I doubt that Jesus and Buddha: The Parallel Sayings will convert many Christians to Buddhism or Buddhists to Christianity. I 
Falling in love with Anger . This book is a gem. Among many good qualities, it continued to deepen my understanding and compassion for that sensation we experience that we 
Fast Fun and Flexible ways to learn and teach. This is the most useful training book I have ever read. The format is easy to read and it is easy 
Read before you visit the park. To begin with, I don t agree with game hunting at all. However, if you re planning on visiting Jim Corbett park in Uttaranchal 
Great intro for small children. You ve heard of being a little mouse in the room or a fly on the wall? Well, Sammy is a spider on the ceiling! 
VERY INTERESTING BOOK. SPOILERS!! BE WARNEDThis book is so freaky and thats why its great. Its got a horror touch to it as those robots are pretty scary the way 
The Immune System Cure: Great Info. This book is really helpful. Shows how certain supplementation can aid the immune system and the mind body connection in relationship to the immune 
Delightful Range of Essays on Current Topics. This is a great collection of issues and debates in science that those of us out of the field -- or even involved 
A painfully honest book. I found Yancey s truthfulness to be refreshing. Whether you read this book as a Christian or someone just searching, you will find, I am sure, 
Read it again...for the first time. With the identity of Deep Throat now known, All the President s Men has an added bit of excitement. I couldn t help but 
Home is Where the Hurt Is. Tom Bissell is fond of sprinkling aphorisms throughout the stories in this fine collection, so let s lay one on him: Only a young 
 Why I Chose You Gregory E. Lang. Powerful, emotional, exceptionally well done. A perfect gift for anyone who has adopted a child and beautiful reading for the extended family. 
A fable for the modern reader. Checkov was a master of composing life s largest problems into beautiful language and ordinary situations which the entire world could understand. Granted he 
Framework Design Unraveled - Recommended for Developers & Architects. In the object oriented design and architecture, business objects are simply the entities which abstracts the physical entities in the domain 
Enlightening. I read this book recently and was amazed at the amount of spiritual insight it gives. Dr. Munroe paints a clear picture of how God created man male and 
Excellent Book. I absolutely loved this book! I was into it from the beginning. From Thomas problematic birth to the end of the story. What a life Tommy and his 
great book but not the end all be all. This is a great source of information for the traveler. It s the best large scope book I ve found for 
The Best Work of Wells. The Martians have arrived. Let the war begin. A catchphrase that could easily be employed for Herbert George Wells s most acclaimed science fiction The 
Anthropocentrism without the hubris. Mr. Abel was a humanist that traced his lineage of thought from the English pragmatic humanist F.C.S. Schiller to the Greek Sophist Protagoras 420-490 BCE and 
I FELL IN LOVE WITH SILENT PICTURES FROM THIS BOOK. When I first read the hardback version of this book back in the 1970 s in film school, I fell 
Best bedtime book!. Very sweet & relaxing. I ve read it almost every for the last year. Calming & sweet, before they understand animals. Fun after they start learning about 
An American Classic. This work is vastly different from One Flew Over but only in positive ways. It is complex and intricate, powerful and emotive. Kesey s simultaneous usage of 
Brilliant or Real Horrorshow as Alex would say. You would think that it would be impossible to write a book about a 15-year old rapist murderer and somehow have him 
Emotions plus a desire to interact plus evolution = language. When asked to cite what he believed but couldn t prove, Dan Dennett responded by saying that language was required 
Journal of a Christian. I bought the book looking to know more about Bonhoeffer s theology..and ended up learning more about my own. Though at times I didn t agree 
Top five. This belongs on any list of the five best books of American Indian history, or of North American colonial history. Richard White is brilliant. Read this book.  
I would give it 5000 stars if I could. Caution: Spoilers ahead. SPOILERS!!!I mourn the end of this book, I just finished reading the last page. I layed down for 
Rural America like you ve never read it before!. This is not a typical book about a standard American suburban families! The characters in Safety in Objects are odd and 
Amazing writing, funny yet touching and real. This book is phenomenal. Darbyshire debuts with strong writing and even stronger characters. Best books I have read so far this year  
Fun and original. Call me a sucker for wild west stories, and action-adventure in general, but from the first volume Et Cetera had me hooked. The story starts out a 
Trust. It was the kind of action paced thriller that had me turning the pages. It seemed to pick up in pace as it neared the conclusion, from Zurich to 
Second in the series. In this book Father John O Malley discovers a dead body beside the road. His credibility takes a beating when the police return and the body 
Truly written by a family man. I too first saw this book at the public library and afterwards had to have it for my own. This book has really given 
A decision point has come. A Time to Love, by Robert Greenberger, is the fifth book in the Time to... series of Star Trek: The Next Generation novels, taking place 
The book for ALL technical writing. This book is ideal for the marketing communications writer working for a technology company. In it you will find more than 300 pages of 
Thank you Mr. Peterson. As a Program Manager on goverment contracts, being audited for many different areas is a way of life and always painful. Most times these audits take 
Big Girl Knits. The text offers very helpful information, has great advise to Big Girls and compensates for the designs. I did not find the majority of the designs flattering 
This one is personal. I have been reading the Inspector Banks series of books in sequence since In A Dry Season. I suspect I will go back and pick up 
A good read from both sides of the fence. Whether you borrow or steal from work, or have employees. Theft from work IS happening. Whether time, resources, or property a 
essays from the evil mind. Joe Coleman is represented in other books, but the essays in this book , along with the reproductions, give the viewer an intimate glimpse into 
an eye-opener. It is hard to say whether all Suzuki s facts are absolutely valid or not, especially when his discussion turns to what the Earth s true carrying capacity 
Extremely useful. Companies are looking for more and more business intelligence from their Web sites, both to improve their marketing efforts and determine ROI. This is a good thing. This 
An interesting look at how money gets distributed in the US. Andrew Hacker s Money is a great look at who has the money in America and how they got 
Excellent Read for All Ages~. I thought this book was a lot of fun, and very informative. We should all be so lucky as to travel the world, and no 
If you love golf, this is for you..... I have read many of the books in the Chicken Soup Series but this one really hits home! I am a golfer 
Real people stepping out from an Arthurian tapestry. Like many authors, Vera Chapman tackles the daunting task of retelling and rounding out the characters of a well-known story. Unlike most 
An informative, entertaining read. What a monumental task -- telling the story of such a remarkable, complex literary figure. Valerie Boyd does an outstanding job of revealing Hurston s motivations, 
Virginia Is For Lovers Of History . What an excellent book! The last I knew Fischer was working on a big book concerning plantation life in the south and I 
Awesome!. for me it is very hard to settle down with a book about magic, but this book....its like harry potter mixed with lord of the rings, its smooth, intricate 
Original and informative. Pressfield presents the gritty, gory horror soldiers faced during ancient battles in a way that is both believable and entertaining. Then, he layers macro-level politics on top 
An incredible translation. Concise and easy to read. Shakyamuni Buddha Siddhartha lived 2500 years ago and left this set of sayings or Dharmapada. Dharma means &quot;Laws, truth, virtue&quot; and &quot;pada&quot; 
Very Interesting Book. I m currently reading Gulliver s Travels for my English class, and i have to say, what a very interesting book. I wasn t a huge fan 
Riveting. Very well written for a historical-type text. I ve always had trouble staying interested in these types of books, however, this author added enough of The Human Element to 
Short, surprisingly moving tale. Heard FOR LOVE OF THE GAME by Michael Sahara,a posthumously published baseball novel by the Pulitzer Prizewinning author of THE KILLING ANGELS . . . you 
The New Best Recipe Cooks Illustrated. They truly have unlocked the mystery to cooking the best of everything. I learned a whole new way to cook, and my family and 
A girl from Lake Tapps says- a sad but heartwarming book!. Kira Kira is a heartwarming and fantastic book! It makes you feel thankful for what you have! I recommend 
EXPENSIVE ??- THINK AGAIN !!. This is the BICYCLE REPAIR MAINTENCE BIBLE!!!Expensive? Think again!With the average mid price bicycle hovering around 800.00, and the better road bikes at 1,500.00 and 
A must read. A story of great courage and resolve, of working conditions beyond the pale, and the vicissitudes of the courts. Well written, in journalistic style, this is a 
Excellent thumbnail sketches of most philosophers. I would recommend this book for the reader who wants to have a ready source of information available to him about topics in philosophy 
Don t reinvent the wheel... this is the wheel . Our 350 member church has studied small groups intentionally for 18 months. We just launched 18 groups with 150 participants. 
A Memorable Story. I am now 20 years old and haven t read this book since Elementary school. Today, I randomly found the book on Amazon and the familiar first 
Please, someone take down Donna Di Giacomo s review. Roland Topor s book about city life alienation is one of the most brilliant pieces of horror I ve read in 
Not just for the legal trade. While I can easily see this book as assigned reading in every law school class for intellectual property, it really deserves the greater readership 
Annotated Anne a must have for serious Anne collectors. Everyone who is a serious Anne collector should definitely buy this book. It gives &quot;Anne&quot; a whole new perspective. Untill I 
The Vatican set the stage. At the begining of the 21st century we are witnessing a resurgence of anti-semitism. This is an appropriate time to read Mr. Kertzers outstanding book 
Buy the Earlier Edition. Great book, but the cover is insulting. A pile of quarters? How does that represent Ayn Rand s message? The earlier edition had striking, gloriously stylized, 
Simple communication techniques expertly explained in an entertaining package. This book describes a few simple techniques for dealing with difficult questions from the audience after a formal business presentation, or 
The Ultimate Cliffhanger!. I saw the reenactment last night on Inside Edition of the night that Natalee Holloway disappeared and it was really slanted, in my opinion. Nobody who has 
Who are you?. If you are a classical player, you probably shouldn t be picking up a classical book with easy in the title, don t you think? I m 
Enjoying this book is no accident. I ve always enjoyed books about family and everyday life. I feel books that can convey a sense of reality to a reader hold 
This book saved my life!. I like Jane Austen, but this is a very special book, even for her.When I was widowed a few years ago, I read Persuasion. Lots 
Best book on Ayurveda I ve ever read. I picked up Essential Ayurveda on a whim at a natural foods store when I was really looking for something else. What 
I laughed, I cried, I laughed louder. It s my 14th read!!!!!. John Fante-or should I say...dad. John has made me smile and love my family so much more. I 
A riveting read. Refiner s Fire combines a gripping story line with well-drawn characters and a real sense of the time and place in which they live. The book held 
Serious great book. Anyone who is interested in philosophy s great relics but mainly reads books in English should see the Cambridge University Press translation of Kant s CRITIQUE OF 
Written by a true Hardcore Warrior who knew what the hell he was writting about . This is probally the only book other than his Battle Axe book, where that 
The Truth About Iraq s History. Edwin Black has done it again, placing 7,000 years of Iraqi history into extraordinary perspective, reminding us of the truth and revealing the newly 
The Greatest. Charles Dickens: humanist, brilliant writer of prose, creator of astonishingly endurng characters and creator of David Copperfield.Copperfield is Dickens masterpiece and it is his semi-autobiographical approach which makes 
After all this time... here is a voice undimmed. A voice so rare it s no wonder that the life lived behind it was as it was. Perfect voice, perfect 
A GREAT IMPROVISATION is a Great Treat. The brilliantly insightful Stacy Schiff proves yet again that she is, without a doubt, one of America s most gifted biographers. Benjamin Franklin 
Democracy lost. I found this to be a fascinating book, well researched and documented. Mr. Nace traces the history of the American Corporations from the earliest years of our union. 
Absolutely Life Changing!!. This book has been lifechanging not only for me but for many others that I am in contact with through our church. Kris is very open, honest 
alas! a woman to rape a man. don t get me wrong. I am very much fed up on reading stories that heroines suffer the most. well, the heroine here 
Review by an Industry Professional. The latest edition of Effectiv Security Management is an invaluable reference for new security managers and a good tool for the experienced security professional. The 
A really good introduction to International Finance. If the previous reviewer thought this was too complicated and confusing, I don t know what they d make of the leading textbook 
yeaaaa!. Bravo Bernabo! Was that how you spelled it? I can t recall. Sounds jewish to me, or something out of Edwardian adventure lit; not equally insidious but equally boring.White 
The Classic Novel of Gettysburg. Michael Shaara s The Killer Angels is well known to a couple of generations of American Army officers, for whom it has been required professional 
A Mouse Called Wolf. I thought this book was a funny story.It was funny because a mouse learns to sing and the mouse is friends with a human. I thought 
valuable book on Gorky. Lader has done an excellent job of delineating Gorky s work. The color reproductions are fair.They are not top of the line but,then very few books 
Collector s Encyclopedia of Depression Glass. Another Great book by Gene Florence. This book is very well organized and contains the information that a collector will want. I recommend this 
Even if you think you don t want to quit, you will be anxious to after reading just a few chapters. Unbelievable. I was a skeptical, heavy smoker for more 
I love this book. If you re into discovering strange records this is definitely a book to read. The book is separated into chapters. Some are dedicated to musicians and 
Answered my questions. Admittedly, I already had a feeling for what was wrong with my first screenplay, but this book helped me identify what to DO about it. After reading 
Simple and gritty. What is so interesting to me about this book is how simple the story is. Anse Bundren is the stubborn-old-goat of a father and husband who has 
John Glenn was reading his own book, so I decided to save. time &amp; go with the audio albeit abridged version.I figured it would be light &amp; easy. Not that 
An honest assessment. This book purports that through the use of positive thought and mental imaging, one can change their life and character. The way this book communicates this idea 
A King fantasy novel. This was the first King novel I ever read as a child, and I was hooked. Although not typical of King s haunted cars or clarvoyant 
Excellent. I have seen risotto prepared in many different ways, unfortunately there is only one way to properly go about the task. Arborio or Carnaroli rice depending on your choice 
Heroes With Wood & Canvas Steeds. What a remarkable book! There really aren t that many stories of WWI aviation that I haven t read, so I was delighted to 
In Search of Lost Time. George Bowling s life is pretty mundane even by his own admission: he has settled down into his middle age with his wife and two 
An Excellent book tape for fans of Frog and Toad books. I am ordering this tape again for my four year old son. He listened to his first copy until 
When you want to do something different... I ve read the reviews for this book and can help but notice they are all 5 stars or 2 1 stars. Clearly 
A Gift to the Reader. Falwellian Fundamentalists and Borgian Liberals will find much to hate in this book, as will hard-line scholars who will no doubt demand footnotes, endnotes and 
A very sound book. I found the seven habits to be very sound and unchanging. That is what makes any book worth while. The principles in this book will not 
Great coffee table book. very interesting - everyone will find something inspiring - whether you are an entrepreneur, a manager, an inventor or just looking to be inspired.  
In a Class by Itself. I come from a background that is mostly asian, in terms of my exposure to inner cultivation.When I first picked up the book, which had 
A Masterpiece. After getting and reading Primary Target as a gift, I immediately began picking up other Joe Weber books. Defcon One, his first, was absolutely terrific. Great plot line 
Demo or Die!. Just bought a copy from a museum shop in Helsinki and cancelled my order. The book is well written and has great visuals. You can get it 
A Profound and Important Way to Improve Your Life. I had read Dr. Ornish s books about diet and health, and found them to be very helpful. Then, I read 
 Dick is a bitch ... Moby Dick is not a fun book to read. The prose is old-fashioned, and that is partly what vitiates the pleasure cf. Ivanhoe . 
Must-read for those pondering parenthood. This book should be read by both men and women, though women are its obvious audience. The author skillfully weaves together personal experience, interviews and 
A very pleasing read. I first read this book about 15 years ago, and have been trying to but it for many years now. As a larry Niven fan, I 
