A great value!. I ordered this remote to replace the 4 different ones I had to fumble with when trying to do the TV Cable VCR DVD fandango. With minimal 
Good Investment for the Money. I had an iPod for about a year, and had a lot of problems with it, having to get it replaced twice before my warranty 
A Winner !. The Philips SHP2500 Headphones sound great...period. The 20.00 price tag make them even more of a stand-out. When listening to familiar cd s, right away I noticed 
excellent deal!. I got it at very reasonable price approx 4 bucks sells for 9-10 at retail stores. Works great and nothing can beat this deal!!!! only if its free...!! 
pretty good. The only problem i had with it was that the voice recorder would play the recordings back fast in some parts and real slow in others but san 
the tablet is great, the additional hardware gave us trouble. I bought this for my daughter as a birthday present. She Loves it. But she started having problems with the 
Excellent Purchase. Excellent product. Cools my GPU 6 degrees. Replaced my old GeForce 6200 fan which failed. I think its worth the price, too. Especially when its almost impossible to 
Works as advertised. I am using this battery with my Panasonic PV-GS300 camcorder. It is thicker than the battery that came with the camcorder, but runs longer. Uses same charger 
Great Product. This is awesome, Love the programibilty of the item through the computer! Could only be better if the Software for this was Included and At NO Cost... A 
Receiver review. Works great for my 5.1 channel. As my first home theater investment in our new family, I m very satisfied with the price and product. The various audio 
Great Product. We use it with an ordinary rabbit ears antenna and gat all the local TV channels HD and analog . The HD reception is displayed with fantastic clarity 
Tri Color inkjet print cartridge. I like this product because it is the best to use with my printer. Generic cartridges dont work as well  
Works really well. I honestly didn t think this antenna would work as well as it does. I bought it hoping I d be able to watch local broadcast channels 
BEL Vector 995 great!. I ve had this for about a week, and it seems to be working very well. The autoscan feature is very nice since I seemed to 
Product worked as advertised. Easy to setup. Shipment was timely and well packed. Easy to follow instructions. Would buy from them again  
Great shape, good quality. I love this controller. I have small hands for an adult, and the pad fits me well. I like the shape better than even the now-standard 
Beautiful w Canon I-9900. The results are amazing when used with the Canon I-9900. But, I suggest that you limit handling to avoid scratching  
review Ipaq hx2795. excellent PDA, provide all the sales tools support I needed for my daily work - highly recommended  
mother. I bought this shaver for my son for Christmas. He had one just like it before and it worked great for him, so I was glad to find one 
good value. These ear buds provide a VERY good fit. They block out a lot of external noise. Much better than my previous ear buds. The sound is clear with 
great flash card... I needed a high speed flash card and this one fit the bill, have been using it in my Canon Rebel for 3 months now and have 
Pretty Cool. I have it connected to my Onkyo shelf system DR-UN7 . I have it running through the line in on the stereo, I don t know if connection 
Works better than I anticipated!. My setup:- Dell Latitude PP01L Intel chip - Win XP Pro- D-Link DI-624 Wireless Router with two walls inbetween the laptop and the antenna - 
Great keyboard for young enthusiasts. My nine year old daughter received this keyboard from Santa , and was very happy with her present. The illuminating lights on the keyboard make 
The NuLOOQ Device is a must have!!!. I bought a NuLOOQ when it first came out for the Mac. I ve been an Illustrator & Visualization Artist for 17 years 
Great item. This item works as advertised. Out of the box charge it and go. Very easy to operate  
Very Satisfied with My Receiver. I am a novice at buying stereo equipment and I pretty much relied on the reviews of this receiver before making the purchase. I also 
Hard Case for Axim X51v. I bought my Axim with the Rhinoskin silicon rubber case; its a tight squeeze into many of my shirt pockets. I will give this a 
Recommend this product. I was seeking a fairly inexpensive method of doing it all with video capture: getting cable televsion, VHS tape, and old DVD footage into the computer. After 
perfect nano case. With all the reviews about how easy the Nano scratches, I left the protective film on until I found the right case the next day at CC 
Good Product with Poor Documentation. I bought this switch so that I could specifically connect my cable box, dvd and PS3 to my Sony television that only has one HDMI 
I m Impressed!. I am kind of a shortwave junkie, and have a few radios all over the place,I must admit that for the money spent, and the performance and 
Creative Sound quality with some HFE problems. I have used the Zen Micro 6GB for about 4-5 months now and I am satisfied with the product. There is a lot 
Works Wonders. Diminishes volume for each set of headphones, but that is to be expected. Extremely easy to use. A great product  
1GB Xd Picture Card Type H. I bought this for my granddaughter to use in the digital camera that I had given her for Christmas. She was very happy to 
Great Sound, Great Unit, Great Value. I have this in the bedroom connected to a 13 TV it plays DVDs as well as CDs . The sound is great and 
Great TV, great price. The quality for the price can t be beat. Looks great, no glare. Recommended  
Works Great Plug and Play with Mac Mini. No problems setting up, plugged into a new mac mini intel in mac OS and required no setup. Keystoke is great  
GREAT product to listen to stuff to... at work. Good sound and the 4 USB ports work well als  
No Complaints Yet. This machine has delivered everything it said it would. I had a slight bit of difficulty getting it set up to print according to my husband, it 
Great for DVD labeling. I needed a printer capable of printing directly onto DVDs because LightScribe can not create ADA-compliant labels, and DVDs with paper labels often skip and play 
Wonderful phone. I ve been wanting a phone like this for years and finally decided to splurge and buy it. I couldn t be more happy with it. It s 
A very easy connection. This product works very well in a number of situations. Like others, I had a cat5 cable running from my router to another computer across the 
Much better!. This memory card is so much better and more convenient than the internal memory which came with the camera... I am enjoying it a lot  
A great buy!. I purchased this product 2 years back and it is still working without any problem. I use the batteries mostly for my digital camera and have no 
Works great. I own a Sony DVD Camera and these work perfectly. I`ve had no problems so far and price is great  
AT-PL120. Overall, the AT-PL120 performs quite well. The flexibility and control this unit offers make it a good value for DJ s and avid music listeners alike. It is easy 
A Good Little Outdated Chartplotter. I am happy with this chartplotter but right now I wouldn t recommend it. For one thing Garmin nickels and dimes you to death if 
Pocket-sized style. I own one in each color for my multiple pair of earbuds. I have to say that the only way to improve upon this product, other than offering 
Good for over 2 years. I bought this phone used, on eBay, about 2 1 2 years ago. I did a lot of reading before I bought it and found 
The best wireless router money can buy if you ask me . The range on this thing is amazing. The ease of setup and use is great. The design is 
Nice touch. No two people had the same opinion about any of ipod s cases but if you re looking for distinguished,slick case this is the one to go for 
Mind Blowing. Before buying this one I did a lot of research and narrowed down my options to either the 5th gen 30gb ipod or the creative zen vision,and i 
Great function !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Buy it and you will not live home without it. If I would rate this product, I will rated a 6 stars.  
XM Radio Mount. Installed in minutes in my Suburban and my Chevy Avalache. It works great and is not in the way of my power seat movement. I will be 
Don t Be Fooled by it s Size or the Brand Name. When I started looking for an mp3 player my main concern was the ability to play songs at 
watch out where you plug in your laptop. The one in our bedroom wouldn t always work, couldn t hear the kids calling. I was unplugging my laptop charger at 
OK. Looks good, sounds ok. The dynamic bass boost introduces hiss but makes the sound more bassy. 4 stars for looks and price. -1 for sound quality.  
You can use the Shoe Pouch to hold the sensor in any type shoe. The Nike iPod Sport Kit is an excellent addition to the iPod line.Unfortunately, it only works 
Bravo Bravia. I bought this TV because it has a narrow bezel- every other 32 inch LCD I saw with the exception of a Walmart Ilo was wider, and I 
Great Product. I really like the lightscribe technology is awesome the only draw back is it takes so long to scribe on a disc and the discs are more expensive 
raj. This TV was a pleasure to watch. Really bright and good color resolution. I use YPbPr inputs to achieve a 480p input. Looked pretty good.I do not have 1080i 
Very Good Drive & Extremely quiet. So far, I ve had a very good experience with this drive. A key characteristic that sets it apart from other drives is that 
Brother TN550. This cartridge is what I need to use my printer. There are copies out there but I have not had any luck with them. The price I got 
best for this price. The Azden wireless mic system is good value for the the money.Out of the box and in operation in exactly 3 minutes.There was one thing that 
Fantasic Deal. My son loves this guitar and amp. He has practiced for hours and it is the only thing that has ever distracted him from his interest in computer 
Lexar 1GB SD Digital Card. This is a very nice card. I get 358 5MP pictures and it is a lot faster than my previous card, so my video clips 
it does what it says!. about a week agoi bought this to clean my car cd player lens that was skipping every time i hit the smallest bump. then my 
Great phone but the Vonage rebates are a scam . This is a really great phone. The range is good and the sound quality is excellent. We also really like 
Just okay . The mouse isn t bad but I don t like the feel, being entirely used to the smaller Microsoft wireless optical mouses. I do like the added 
alma-de-angel. super excellent cd player with remote control im sewing machine operator and this cd player is excellent for mi i love remote control, thanks amazon estra super fast shipping 
couldn t hope for better. i got the right decision when i brought it. it functionned instantly when i put it in my hp 720 camera. it is provided with 
Compact and works as advertised. May not work with all cases. One word of caution. The connector on the iPod side is large so it may not be able to 
Don t follow the intructions!. For the first time I am telling you NOT to follow the instructions!! They will lead you astray. Simply go to the Logitech site, sign 
Great product, terrible shipping. This Salamander Designs rack is very well made and looks great. It takes a few hours to assemble, but the result is nicer than most home 
very pleased. I was able to create a great gift with this product! Item was exactly as described, and the software was very easy to install and use. The only 
fully satisfied. i am satisfied with these headphones, the delivery was quick, as expected, it was the brand new piece  
The PERFECT FM modulator. For the past several months I have been using a plug in the cigarette lighter modulator with fair results. As expected, interferance from adjacent stations occurred 
Love the Brother P-Touch QL-500 Manual-Cut PC Label Printing System. I love the Brother P-Touch QL-500 Manual-Cut PC Label Printing System. The price was super. I couldn t be happier. 
Great product and cheap . When I was looking for HDMI cables for my LCD, I thought the more expensive cables were the only way to go so I bought 
I wish all my corded items were this convenient. This little item is really convenient for easy storage and reducing clutter. I keep it in my car. I never have 
Small Space Big Sound. If you seek a small radio for great sound in your bathroom, there is none better than this cleverly designed package of circuits and speaker.John T. 
Monster Cable Gamelink 400. need to info customer that Optical sound cable is required for sound from PS2 console  
Good Cable. Does what it s supposed to do. I really don t have a good way to objectively rate this cable, but I don t notice any interference with 
Solid construction. I was scepticle at first that something looking that flimsy could really hold the weight of 622 cds. The assembly was easy though time consuming. I would recommend 
Targus Wireless Keyboard is great. This is a fantastic little item. You can attach your PDA, position the infrared wand and off you go. With this keyboard, you can type 
U3 Rocks. I have to admit that I was hesitant to embrace the new U3 technology, but I m sure glad I did. My biggest thrill was to see how 
Excellent printer -. I ve been an Epson printer girl up until now. I began with the 1270, which was a terrific printer, lasted forever, did a great job, etc. 
Awesome!. Being a metalhead myself, I very much thought it might of overpowered the music the phones that is. I read very many reviews on these headphones, and thought it 
love it love it. cannot believe how great a picture i get on this. very sharp and clear. great product for the money. thanks  
Nice . . . Really Nice!. Ok, if you have two monitors side by side, or a single wide-screen format, this is the way to go! I use this tablet 
Solid!. I already have two of these for my heavy rear bose speakers. The speakers are about are about 10 lbs each and are easily handled.The mounts are solid, and 
Well designed; not perfect, but very good. I bought the manual select FM transmitter for my brother and I liked it, so I bought this one for myself. True, in 
Good Quality Video. This component video cable combined with progressive scan produces a much better picture quality over S-video & Composit Video connections.The cable & the connecters are solid. I 
Griffin AirClick Remote Control for iPod. The Product works great. Instead of paying 300 to install an ipod controller in my car I used the DLO ipod car charger because 
Wonderful product. What a great product !!! Well designed , fast response times, all the items you need are included bike & car mounts etc A wider screen would be 
excellent disks. I really liked the performace of this disks. I didnt find even one failed disks so far. Excellent product. Thanks to Verbatim  
LOVE IT!. I have had this product now since mid 2006. LOVE IT! I have transferred nearly 100 VHS to DVD with no effort or trouble. Once I converted our 
for desktop. I bought these to attach to my laptop and sit on my desktop, small size was important. The fractional watt headphone amplifier in the laptop is enough to 
Superb Bedroom HDTV. Just picked one up at the local B.B. tonight. PS3 games and blu-ray movies look amazing at 720p, via a cheapo hdmi to dvi cable. Would highly 
POLK ATRIUM 45. These speakers are exactly what we needed to replace some older main front speakers for our home theater . We already had a newer powered sub-woofer for 
Works Perfectly!. I would of spent at least 100 more for this if I bought at Best Buy, Circuit City, etc. And, it s a brand I heard of before 
Best CD DVD envelopes out there. I ve tried more types of CD and DVD storage devices and techniques than I d care to admit, and these envelopes are the 
Excellent DVD RW!!! Try it. Great speed, low errors and it works great in any DVD Playe  
Cheap and works. Can t see spending tons of money to clean a product that has been out in the market for lots of years. It works just fine, and 
Good mics make good sense. Digital recordings are only as good as the quality of the end product. The use of this mic eliminated noise from handling the recorder or 
These are, by far, the best earbuds I have ever owned. If you are looking for a fairly inexpensive pair of earbuds to replace the crappy stock earbuds you have, 
Everything except SACD. Ever since I discovered this player in the summer of 2005, I have been highly impressed with how much it met both my normal and oddball demands. 
very handy. I purchased this swivel stand for my TV in the bedroom. It is nice when I need to turn my TV towards my Elliptical machine to watch my 
Muy buena calidad. Bueno esta Quemadora Dvd muy buena recomendable, para los usuarios que quieran vivir una experiencia unica, es la mejor que ha existido, gracias amazon por vender productos 
What s not to like?. I ve had the STR-DG600 receiver for more than a month, now, and it works great. The power is more than enough for my living 
Great piece of equipment. I am a teacher and use poerpoints often. The remote is great, I have had no problems with it yet. I love the mouse feature.  
very good speaker. sound quality is very good. I am totally satisfied with this product. However, since the computer recognizes the speaker as a sound card, it would have been 
Good product, id recomend it. So far so good, its pretty comfortable, and keeps my laptop secure. Plenty of pockets for accesories and other stuff like pens, cd s, mp3 
Compact Sync Solution. The thin USB sync adapter cable makes synchronizing on the road or when using multiple computers a snap. I ve used the cable to sync with my 
Amazing... My house floorplan is extremely spunky. That also means that setting up my WiFi network was going to be extremely difficult.Up until the point that I bought this antenna, 
One sweet labeler. Some how I managed to find this for 42 and I didn t even know you could connect it to your pc till I received it.You can 
I have two words for you: BUY THIS RADIO NOW!!!. This is the best radio in the world! It sounds pretty good and looks even better. If you don t 
For the price, it s good. I understand what the 1 star rater is saying about slipping, but I think it depends on your headshape, too. For the price, this 
I can t believe you can fill out a review for batteries. Wow. A review. For Batteries. How funny is that. Well I must say, I do support Rayovac batteries. 
Great battery. I bought this to replace original Canon batteries that came with my Canon A280. This is really good and I am happy with battery life, charge time etc.The 
CB Radio. Works to my expections. Good every day radio. Received quickly and in good shape  
Best by far at this price. Huge bang-for-the-buck!. Brilliant images. Highest quality. You simply cannot beat this system for the price. Also, this particular projection TV handles the non-HDTV channels 
The BEST Wireless Speaker ever??. I have to say....I bought 2 of these on a whim in a recent sale.......Suffice to say....I think these could be the MOST IMPRESSIVE Wireless 
Best Bang for the Buck. I was cautiously optimistic about this set of speakers after listening to SS-MF650H a model behind this at a local Bestbuy store. Listened to it 
Nice piece of Creative. Well, this beauty is GREAT... sound is very cool , i can hear every detail of games like guild wars  
Lexar JDMC2GB-431 2 GB JumpDrive Mercury USB Flash Drive. I like this flash drive a lot. It seems to operate quickly, displays the level of storage being used, and was 
Best radio for your money. I finally decided to buy the Grundig G4000A I was really surprised for the excellent reception on Shortwave, AM and FM but especially for the 
GREAT PRINTER. This is a great printer for making quick prints of your photos or other documents. For what I use it for the speed is okay. The only thing 
Great Cables!. I just got my first dvd player for Christmas, and got these cables to go along with it. I have been looking for good component cables for a 
Reviewers reviewing another product?. I don t understand all the negative reviews. The only thing I can figure is they re talking about Table Mate I which I ve never 
good but expensive. I can t say whether they are worth the money, becuase I haven t tried similar products. However, they do work well, and they are built to 
Excellent product, and I got it free!. This is a very good product, and you can get it, along with any other products on Amazon up to 500 Free! Participate 
No issues for me!. I was a little worried with all the negative reviews but I had no issues. Sure it may wobble depending on the surface you place this 
Very nice keyboard for the price. The keyboard is great. The kids like to practice more now than on the grand piano mostly because they can use headphones so everyone 
Perfect for the designer. Whether or not you are a 2D or 3D artist, this tablet makes it all the more enjoyable. I had an Aiptek 12000U which died no 
Great Bang for your buck !!. I purchased SanDisk about 2 months ago and so far I am very satisfied with its performance. I was looking for a chepear alterantive 
MTX 10-inch 200 watt subwoofer. MTX 10 Inch SubwooferThis product is a 10-inch MTX dual coil subwoofer, which has a 200-watt RMS. On the new style MTX road thunder subwoofers 
Worth every penny. One of the best 17 out there. I attend a military college in Vermont and accordingly have an academic day full of marching, running, etc. This case 
Great little power strip. This is a great little power strip that allows me to maximize the contents of my briefcase. One of the most useful things I have ever 
Plain and Simple, This Printer Rocks. There are already specs and such on this page. So I wont even get into that, you already read it up above.This printer is 
Works GREAT. First off, I want to say that Amazon had the best price I could find, and this shipped right away and arrived 3 days after ordering, even with 
Good wireless repeater with caveats... The D-Link DWL-G800 works fine as a repeater once you get it figured out, it s the pathetic and inadequate D-Link documentation that s really 
Quality Case...a bit small to hold all!. I purchased this case along with the Coby DVD 8500 portable player...the player fits nicely...but after filling the accessory holder with the AC 
Good Product!!!. This TV is a good product, it has good display, good audio, and excellent reception  
Works like it should. I believe that this is a superior product and it worked as it should  
A Great LCD Monitor for Gaming!. I ve always been a CRT user, thinking that no LCD monitor could give the brightness and clearity that CRT monitors offered, till I 
Perfect replacement to my blown expensive old speakers. My old expensive speakers were shot so I went out and bought what consumer reports said was a great speaker for the 
Sherwood RD-6500 Surround Sound Receiver. I needed a replacement Receiver for a fairly modest home theater system. I wanted a bare bones 5.1 system no 6.1, 7.1, 1kw audio power, 
pixma mp450 photo printer. what a nice printer, i had the old canon mp F50, it had everything, only reason i replaced it cause the software wasnt even working on 
Stereo earbud is perfect for my iPod!. I love my new white stereo headset for my iPod. The earbuds are comfortable and the sound is fantastic. Everybody should get one 
Useful, but disposable... The short: Don t buy a pair of these expecting to use them for the next five years, they simply aren t engineered that well details follow 
Good SD card case for the price. This memory card wallet consists of a stiff plastic outer shell that is stuffed with thick, heavy rubber holders. The case is heavier 
Very Practical. Good quality. Good price. It would be nice if they offered a version that was slimmer, but this standard size case really has little to complain about.  
Great Choice!. I had a TI-86 for years and it died. I know many of my friends who had the TI-83 but I did not like it so when I 
great product. It s crazy to get an older, slower, cheaper CF card if you have a camera with 6 or 8 Megs  
LOVE IT!. i am VERY satisfied with this product! perfect size even for my 14.1 in dell 1405 and the design is awesome. cant complain about the price either  
Does what it should. Not a lot can be said about how good a sound card expansion is. I find it a little annoying that it s shaped the way 
Excellent product, very competitive value. This memory worked from power-on. Makes my video rendering much faster now that I have 1.5G in my Dell 8300  
Good boombox overall. The pro and cons described by other reviews are valid. I was specifically looking for a boombox that has cassette, mp3, cd and radio capability. So didn 
great product, great buy. The best! I have been using add-on portable hard drives since back when they were on 10GB, huge and heavy. The WD 160GB is almost everything 
DVD Space Saver. I really love the space savings of this storage system, although the 140 disc capacity can be misleading. The 140 capacity includes 16 slots on the inside 
Much better than a mouse with a ball. There are mice out there that apparently have more precise movement, and that have a tiltable scroll wheel. But I just wanted 
Great replacement, great price from grandtechoutlet . Ordered this through Amazon from grandtechoutlet ...got here very quickly for a VERY good price compared to a new one from Apple. Seems 
Great Case!!!!. This case is great! It fits the 2nd gen. nanos like a glove. I love the fact that it is clear and shows off my pink nano. The 
So many pockets, Loads of Space, Wide Straps Too Wide . This bag has an excellent array of pockets with loads of space. Highly robust construction along with well designed 
Great in the office.... First saw this and the snowman one in a magazine, and was glad to find them available on Amazon.com. Between the two of them, it was 
Great Budget TV. I bought this TV for college, and it fits perfectly in my dorm. The picture quality is pretty decent, though compared to traditional TV, it is not 
Works as advertised. Works great, no problems for me. I will buy another set soon from Amazon. I think dual layer DVD R is a more common format than dual 
Well worth the price. Great headphones for running! They fit my ears perfectly and I don t have to worry about foam anymore.  
weather radio. works great take it to bed when we are expecting bad weather, otherwise it is downstairs.  
It really works!. I was skeptical at first before purchasing this cable for my Zen 30GB Vision M. I took a trip to Radio Shack before buying, and they had 
Great protection. The case provides great protection for my Palm TX. It doesn t add much bulk or weight and keeps it safe during my active day. I m pretty 
really nice cable, great price. this 50 ft cable gives me a great picture when connecting my xbox360 to my digital projector through a pelican system selector. a seriously amazing 
Stereo Turntable. Turntable was delivered promptly. All parts were there and the unit operated as promised. I would definitely buy from this source again  
looks good, does its job, low cost. subj.well, the case is supposed to carry the TomTom and protect it which it does. Good product, low price. convenient..  
Tons of storage with this media card!!. This is a super media card, perfect for storing and transfering lots of extra pictures  
Nearly Perfect LP to MP3 Conversion Turntable. As just a plain ol turntable, the Newmark TTUSB is completely average and certainly a decent value for the price. However, if you 
Paper Manual. Basically I have nothing to add to the reviews except to say something to those who want a paper manual. You can purchase the manual for the TI 
Good quality cables. These cables are very well built. There is only a problem. I purchased it to connect on my computer sound blaster, but they don t fit due 
Kingston 512 MB Secure Digital Card SD 512 . Product has performed well and have experienced no problems with it. I am using it in an HP M425 5 megapixel 
512 mb secure digital ultra II. I used it in Brasil and had it developed. I was very happy with it. It was the very first time I ve used 
Great Calculator. It s great for chem, and math. Great two line scroll display. Functions are easy to read  
Great Product. Like a few other buyers I ve seen, I had problems with a Sony CD changer that I bought. Surprsing to me, because I generally really like Sony 
Good product, limited uses. The remote itself works very well with my new computer. Range is great, and all the functions seem to work well. I am still experimenting with 
Cobra XRS 9330 radar detector. It is not bad, I use it on the highway mostly. It has one flaw...I noticed it goes off by Wallgreens when their automatic doors 
Works Great!. Sensitive enough to pick up your own voice clearly and record the voice coming over the phone too! I am very pleased  
Well designed product. Somebody was thinking when they designed this adapter. The plug that works for either style cassete player, the one where the small end of the cassete goes 
Better, but still a pain. This is my 3rd Canon scanner. The unit is nicely made, very slim and lite. Physically much better than previous Canon scanners. However, the Canoscan 
solid buy. I have been really pleased with the performance of the gps and the pocket pc. I wasn t sure about garmins ability to make the pocket pc but 
Just as Good As My Ethernet. I got my first wireless router and switch, and this was it. I needed it to link up my Notebook. I took the Router 
Worth the investment. Pros:Sturdy, held my 24 Dell LCD without any problems needed to be adjusted to make it stiff .Very aesthetically pleasing.Cons:Not enough room for cables in the cable 
Works with MAC OSX. The PC system requirements did not address the compatibility with MAC OSX but I connected the player to my IMAC, ignored loading the supplied CD, and 
Works as expected. I am new to this type of device, but it has performed as expected  
Easy Installation. I can t believe how easy this was to install and add additional computers to the network. I ve struggled before with other brands, but this was so 
I highly recommend this product!!!. this product restored my iPod perfectly!!! I had tried getting rid of some marks and scratches using tootpaste don t ask why I tried this!! 
Exactly what I wanted. These speakers have great sound and a small footprint that makes them easy to take anywhere. I wanted some speakers that I could use to listen 
Garmin Forerunner 205. I love this device. It tracks miles, pace and calories. I save lots of time not driving around after my run to see how far I went 
DVD R RW. I have had excellent results transferring my VHS Tapes movies, etc. to Memorex DVD R RW discs. I have a Philips DVDR985 DVD Recorder Player and it 
Awesome CD Case!!. I couldn t believe how great this CD case is! I had a ton of loose CD s all over the place because I didn t have 
great for the price. First, this device doesn t sound quite as good as an Audigy 2, which isn t that good in the first place. However, unless you re 
Great buy!. I bought this phone for my elderly neighbor whose fingers are very distorted due to arthritis to the extent that she could not use the buttons on a 
Philips HTS3400 perfect for the price. Hi,I recently got this system from overstock.com and put it with the Philips 23 flat screen LCD TV I bought from Amazon.com. Together these 
Works great!. I bought this to use in the NAV system of my 2007 Honda Civic. It works perfectly with 1 and 2G SD cards - I put 1.77G of 
Great antenna, probably best out there, but still not 100 . I don t have much basis for a comparison, as my only other HD antenna was the unamplified plastic 
Great Buy. I had been using the CD player for about a month and liked it so much I went back and bought the 3pak magazines so I could load 
Easy to use and good quality. We had a similar model at our church which we have had for 10-15 years which finally gave up. Though this one had fewer 
Linksys RV042. The perfect way to use a VPN for a small office environment. Easy to administer internally or remotely, and with the included software, I could send a cd 
Good equipment for small groups. I purchased this multimedia projector on behalf of a local non-profit organization after comparing its specifications with other projectors with similar prices. Several comparable projectors 
COULD USE MORE VOLUME ... BUT. I still rate it 4 stars because of the quality of the sound, the reliability of the cassette decks and the low price. Sony 
i love it ......i ve heard a very bad comments ,for this item,but i dont know why....its excellentent.... excelente calidad de sonido, he escuchado muchos comentarios negativos , sobre los 
It just works. Nothing special about it, except that it just works in my NEC laptop burner and in my Philips DVD. I am satisfied  
Very Satisfied. I have been using the Sansa mp3 player now for almost a year. It s a great item, especially for the price. Was very easy to download my 
bought to use with ReplayTV PC edition. This is a good tuner card but the picture quality is relatively poor. There is no TV out jack. Otherwise it works as 
Thought I needed a new DVD player. My DVD player was ready to be thrown out, until I saw this product on amazon. My DVD player wouldn t even load 
Good system for the price. This is an all inclusive Karaoke Midi based system that plugs into the RCA input of your Audio visual equipment.Set up is easy. Navigation through 
Very sturdy. After reading other reviews and noting the product specs, I wasn t expecting a very light bag. Indeed, this is a heavy bag, but the weight is worth 
Nice. Prints excellent color pictures with good photo quality that stands out with quality paper. I have been using Canon printers for their individual ink cartridges that are easy to 
Volume Control Headphones. This product is exactly as described, but more than that, it is PERFECT for what we needed. It is lightweight and comfortable to wear, and the volume 
Awesome Stuff!. This thing rocks! I have been looking in every store imaginable for a product where I could accomplish what I needed to do. You can find an optical 
Functional as it gets. It s not the prettiest case for my iPod, but who cares? It s going to keep it from scratching breaking when I eventually drop it! 
just as good as the original. Bought this one to replace the one I left in a rental car. It is identical and works great when you use the sticky 
BUY IT!!. I am very happy with the Copperhead mouse. I bought it to play Battlefield 2. Great for when u need to move around quicker, such as in a 
Truth in advertising. I am delighted with the Kingston Compactflash Card Ultimate. However,I ordered the 133X version from J & R Music Computer World which was shown on their website, 
Works perfect!. I m not any expert in the computer world. But this product it is very easy to install. The range is very strong.I m very hapy with this 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
Great product, mediocre software... I was nervous about getting any converter after reading reviews of quite a few of them here. I have never done any video conversion or editing 
Love it!. I got this for my birthday and it is one of my favorite presents ever! It is SUPER easy to mount, only took about 10 minutes, if that. 
Outstanding Range!. I did my research before purchasing this wireless card from Amazon to use in conjunction with my Belkin Pre-N wireless router. According to every net review I d 
Works Great; Not Audiophile Quality. Works as advertised. Plugging the RCA jacks into my preamp put it into perspective; the wires connecting my CD player to my preamp cost more 
Great Router. This router functions great in the household environment. It is VERY easy to install and security is equally as easy to set.  
I LOVE THESE -. I bought a ZEN 30G MP3 player and could not stand the earbuds they came with. They hurt so much that I used head phones until 
Comparable to ties with metal tabs... Typically, I buy tie-wraps that have the metal tab insert because they never slip after you ratchet them tight. But, these ones by Belkin 
Great Travel Alarm Clock. This product has a very good sound for its small size. It also has a nice carrying case, works on batteries as well as ac current. 
Finally - a way to capture the vinyl!. Been waiting for this for a while -- easy to set up and get going.  
Great card & reader. Of course the card works, but it has fast read write speed, great amount of storage, and the free reader is very handy. The reader is 
Finally a wheel with all the features!. I ve had a few wheels before, but finally Logitech came out with a wheel thats simulation grade. The 6 speed shifter works 
Keeping my old reliable printer alive. My HP LaserJet 1100 is reliable and inexpensive to run. My computers no longer have the parallel port it requires. This cable adapter was 
Good sound quality. These entry level Sennheiser earbuds have excellent sound quality for the price. I was a bit skeptical; I m familiar with some of Sennheiser s higher end 
Great product - Easy to intall. I bought this product to mount my Mitsubishi HD1000U 720p High Definition DLP Home Theater Projector. It comes with pre assembled and easy to 
Does Exactly what it says... I ordered this on the 26th of June and it wasn t supose to come til the 12 of July. It came early today.... big 
Infinity 12 sub. Awesome. Matches my other speakers. Got a great deal on it. Shipping was fast and it was carefully packaged. Thinking about getting another one for base in 
New to HP 33. This takes some getting use to since all I have ever used is TI calculators. But I do like i  
Alphabetizing Solution. I have hundreds of CDs in several albums. As things were added randomly, most of the CDs are out of order, and finding anything is a severe pain. 
Great product; lacking directions. The product works perfectly. The only problem is, the manual only includes directions for the most common setups. To use one port as an uplink to 
Best value in HDTV now. This is a great, great TV. Image quality is much higher than I thought much better than any in-store demo on any model, with high-quality 
works great!. this keeps my room cool and has great options with the remote. my annoying roommates tend to turn the AC on at 3am during their WOW binges so 
iMac user. The product is a good value. It performed well and was fairly easy to use. I only wish it would allow importing play lists from iTunes, all text 
Great shelf!. Just what we needed for our new LCD TV mounted on the wall  
Super mouse. This is the second wireless optical mouse I have purchased. They are a great product, easy to setup and use. Will purchase more as needed  
I love this product! Everyone should own one. I work for a small business and we can t afford the risks of data theft. Having this unit has put my 
Very good all around. This is my second iAudio X5 product. I upgraded my old 30GB model for this 60GB. I have to say I really love it. It has 
Fantasic XM and MP3 Player. I bought this from Comp USA for 129.99 and it was worth it! I record my XM at home and listen to it on the 
Great Range. I use my radio at the ski resorts and get great reception most of the way around the mountain. Very please with the durability  
great product works very well. If you have HDTV you need one of these cables, or two cables..  
Compact & convenient. I wish Targus made the same bag just a few inches wider. My Toshiba 2600 barely squeezes in the bag. However, it does fit and I was 
Meets Expectations. I checked previous reviews before purchasing this notebook case. What I received is what I expected. Lots of compartments to store needed accessories, sturdy construction, pleasant appearance. As 
FAST and reliable!. You get what you pay applies when it comes to secure digital SanDisk memory cards. You can pay less, but if your using the card for photography 
The Video Recorder. These DVDs worked quite well and I was pleased with the shipping  
High quality storage solution. For anyone building a large collection of DVDs, this product is wonderful. It uses a fraction of the space of a regular case. I have tried 
exactly what i was looking for... i ve been looking for a way to measure my runs more accurately for awhile now, and this watch is the best i ve 
Great projector. We use this projector in our basement for a large screen tv. It has great clarity and the HD channels look as good as our LCD screen. It 
Good labeling tape. The labeling tape works very well. My only complaint is that peeling off the back of the label is difficult because sometimes that back covering tears or 
Right size. I was so glad to run across this product. I always have such trouble when I travel connecting all of my devices in hotel rooms. I can easy 
Travel much? Get this and a 4 pack of Engergizer 2500mAh batteries. This charger is great; it slides together for easy storage and transportation. If you cannot fit this into 
Liked it so much, we bought a 2nd one!. I ve had my pair since Christmas and use it everywhere! We all know the earbuds that come with the ipods 
Great product as advertised. I experienced the same problem some other people did when I used this card with my Canon 20D. The firmware was 3.01 which is not compatible 
Greatest Calculator Ever!!. I am not too happy that TI stopped releasing operating system updates since it s basically the same as the 89 and voyage 200. Other than that, 
does the job while looking good!!. as someone else mentioned its not the sturdiest rack out there, but it has not tipped over on me so i really cant complain.it 
Bang For Your Buck!. Well, I needed some new headphones. I tried the UR5 from Koss. The sound quality was alright, but they could BARELY be heard. I found these, 
Great way to add USB. I bought this card to add more USB ports to a Mac G4 AGP Sawtooth .The two USB ports just aren t enough when you 
you recive what you pay for!. Not so many words to talk about this item, but let me tell you that now I always use my rino turned on, in 
not bad. The main thing I like about this system is the small battery operated receiver that i can place right on my camcorder. you get pretty much what you 
hp f1905e 19 lcd monitor. Ordered directly from HP. Fast delivery,solid package. No dead pixel. Works perfec  
Wacom Graphire 4 review. I love this tablet! I get the functionality of a tablet computer on my little thin Sony. I almost bought a tablet notebook, but it was 
Does everything excellently !!!. A top class printer for all tasks. Produces excellent digital images, prints quickly and clearly, copies reliably, faxes clearly excellent OCR and wireless function !! Best 
Great for the money!. You can t expect these speakers to sound like Bose speakers, but for the price they re darn good!!!! I bought them for my new Imac 
Decent radio, some marketing hype. First, a little about my background. I am an amateur radio operator ham radio , and an electrical engineer. So, I know a little about 
Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio and Power Generator Red . This works fine - got it in the time promised. The only difficulty is that there is not much of 
Thrilled!. I purchased the Altec Lansing iMX2 Portable Speaker system for my XM2go satellite radio and I am so thrilled with it. I was having trouble finding this system in 
SHN5500--How to USE IT for GREAT RESULTS!. It looks like others who have reviewed this product just don t get it. And, that s great, because this is causing the 
Grandchild loved it!. I purchased the Casio keyboard for my Grand-daughter s 4th birthday. She really enjoyed playing it. As a matter of fact she was still interested in it 
It worked for me... I was able to install and use this product on an HP iPAQ hx2495 without difficulty. I inserted the SD chip, the software installed and I 
Amazing Sound!. I m no audio expert, but do love my music. I like to dedicate at least three hours of my day just simply listening to music. So, I 
Five star review of 2 GB Mini disc. What can I say except that it works fine  
NO JOKE. I also installed this unit as a second drive into a Mac G4 and had no problems. Well, I take that back. I had some trouble trying to 
Great value, great product!. Okay, considering this cable costs 1.50, it s an exceptional product. I set it up in a few minutes and can now play iPod movies, tv 
USB to Serial adapter. I needed to converted by serial adapter into a USB and it worked perfectly. I couldn t be happier  
Onkyo TX-SR304S 5.1 Channel Receiver. I was looking for a low-cost receiver with surround sound capability for a vacation home. I have never purchased any components from Onkyo before, but 
Great Headphones. My hubby had a pair of these that he just loved. Then the kids were using them and they didn t hold up so well. I would NOT 
Awesome Sound...!. I love these speakers! The sound quality is fantastic. More balanced and much richer than either the Bose or Apple Hi-Fi. Plus, you get an AM FM radio 
Panasonic 37 Inch Plasma HDTV. This TV was the only plasma that would fit in my entertainment cabinet. The 42 inch displays were all about 1 2 - 1 inch 
Home run!. A genious product!Pros:Strong tunerfull sounddurableportableHenry Kloss designCons:The cost keeps me from having more than one : Overall:very pleased with Tivolia little pricey, but you get what you pay 
excellent product. this is the 2nd time i have purchased this from Amazon. great product and quick delilvery.  
Does a simple job, but does it well... I like the look of my MacBook Pro, and so I keep it fairly clean and am very careful with it. However, 
Works fine. No problems. I ve had one of these for more than a year. And just bought another. I ve had no problems using them with my canon cameras 
Digital Recorder for your iPod. The Belkin TuneTalk is fabuous for using an iPod as a digital recorder. I have had very good results recording various music rehearsals children s 
Flawless!. WOW! Just got this through Amazon last week, along with a Sanus VMAA26 wall mount. To sum up the tv, flawless! HD programming is excellent, and I must say 
Research worth the effort - GREAT shredder. When my first shredder finally bit the dust a Fellowes , and I wanted to upgrade to a more commercial series to last 
Awsome product. I recived the product yesterday! It is a verry good item. but I read a review.. Its not a good product for moving music and videos When you 
Great Radio. This is by far the best radio I ve ever had for singing in the shower. No more fumbling and messing with the dial while I ve got 
GREAT Product. Fabulous product --- now I can store over 700 photos in the 8 mega pixel range. Happy I purchased this one -- very trouble free  
Item OK but unusable. The parallel USB adapter worked just like it was supposed to. My problem was that the printer I was using it with was no longer supported 
I Like White . . . But was hesitant ordering a white WR-2 when the classic wood grain version had been around longer with so many satisfied owners. Reading one 
Buena opcin para PDA a un excelente precio. Trabaja perfectamente con mi HP IPAQ rx1950 con Windows Mobile 5.0. Con otra SD, la batera se descargaba rpidamente an con el 
Shipped. I just got my email saying it shipped and am tracking it to receive it tomorrow, so look for similar ones  
Excellent jewel cases. As your DVD CD collections grow, these are ideal for protecting and storing your treasures . Easy to open and take up little storage space. The center 
A rehearsal workhorse. This is an excellent, general purpose microphone at a reasonable price. I m a classically trained vocalist, and I use the SM58 for rehearsal and scratch recordings. 
Spectacular image plus striking design. After reading tons of info, checking critics recommendations and comparing monitors online, I went to check them out at a CompUSA store. After seeing some 
Extreme III 2.0 GB is All That!. Extreme III is All That, for me and the family.Switching from RAW, and back so far is flawless. Temperatures seem to have no 
Monster Speaker Cable S16-50, 16 Gauge. Not a lot can be said about speaker cable. It either performs as advertised, or doesn t. This cable performs as advertised. Order was 
Quality product. I brought this product for my Olympus E-500 Digital camera .It worked fine with camera .If sandisk can come with better firmware update I believe it can performe 
Excellent cooling fan.....except for... This is a very well made cooling fan for your laptop. However, if you have a 15.4 screen your laptop will hang off of it about 
there grrrreat. they are so good i bought 2! one for me and one for my friend. they sound good and they are very comfortable, and affortable  
When electricity is not available. Great phone for the price.It s not meant to be the greatest full featured phone,but it has good sound quality and the Caller ID works 
It really is a great product. I love the Sony company, and I love this product. It does everything that it says it does; it has a ton of storage 
Value for money. Pros:Good FM receptiongood remote functionalityvalue for moneyCons:build qaulity seems to be fragile, it still intact for me.Eqaulizer button is too small to be usable.both ipod dock connector 
GREAT LITTLE PRINTER. THIS PRINTER IS SO EASY TO OPERATE AND CREATE WITH. THE COLOR ON THE PICTURES IS WONDERFUL  
Brief reply to pinxet pinxet and some comments. I ve had this keyboard for a little over a month. I m a college student and purchased a PPC so that 
100 Satisfied. I have used other brand name labels and find this one to be the best so far. Good quality...perfect thickness, stick well, no smudges or smears. They work 
Good play. The product arrived nicely packed and in perfect condition. We were very pleased with the product and it s performance  
Shredder Oil. So far it seems to help by cuttig down some of the noise, and the shredding seems better to  
Fun little GPS. I ve been using GPS devices for nearly 15 years. This device is very cool. If you are planning on using it for Geocaching, consider getting the 
A Good Radio... I recently bought and installed this radio in my truck, and I have not had any problems yet!!! A few minor details are the noise blanker seems 
Pricey, but worth it. As I ve posted elsewhere, these are my favorite choice for quality listening. They don t tire your ears out like plugs and they isolate you 
Great product!. I m so glad I bought this, what a convenience to have one remote for the whole entertainment center! The instructions for programming were so clear, even someone 
Forget all those cables. I bought this card reader to use with my SD memory cards from my digital camera and Palm Tungsten E2. Transferring pictures and music via the 
Excellent Mouse. This mouse is ergonomic, fast, and worth every penny! Not to mention it s color matches that of my laptop. GREAT BUY  
Great buy!. Product was from a 2nd party vendor, delivered very quickly. Am very pleased with the product and the service  
Test your wiring as it s being installed with this unit. TRENDware CABLE TESTER 10 100 COAX & TP TC-NT2 I bought one of these testers to verify coax and 
Awesome product. I have nothing extra special or unique to add... just want to say that this product does what it says, and it does it very well. What I 
good value. good value. speakers don t resonate like they would if a subwoofer but if money is a constraint and can t afford a subwoofer these will compensate nicely 
needs more info. bought it for an older computer. had done research on it. specifically looked for windows 98 compatible. when product arrived, it suggested 2000 and higher. good thing 
Fits like a glove. Great product fits like a glove. I was getting fustrated with my laptop getting scrached up so I decided on this case. Neopren material is my 
A useful product. I have noticed no problems with the selector. It has lived up to all my dreams and expectations. It is simple and easy to use. Couldn t 
SATISFIED WITH THE PRODUCT. AFTER MONTHS OF CAREFUL COMPARISON WITH DIFFERENT MANUFACTURER SUCH AS DENON,ONKYO,YAMAHA,I ALSO PICKED THE HARMAN KARDON FOR COMPARISON.EACHMANUFACTURER HAS SOMETHING UNIQUE TO OFFER IN THEIR PRODUCT.BASE 
Great sound. Dollar for Dollar Creative Labs has the finest sounding easy to download and use MP3 players and related equipment  
It s not top of the line, but you get a great deal for your money. With electronic equipment prices running at the high hundreds, this product shows that you 
Superb scanner!. Excellent scanner for the money. I purchased this scanner to scan our family s slides & photographs. It is very easy to use and has done an outstanding 
Solid well made radio- Improvement over old Grundig line. Hi , I m Vince the radioman I ve have a large collection of radios and I love to do compares 
Good Gift. I got this stuff as a gift for a friend of mine. He seems to be happy using it. So I am giving this a 5 star  
I love it!!. I finally got rid of my CRT monitor, which took up most of my deskspace. I am really digging the integrated speakers. I am very satisfied with 
Great Value. I gave it five stars because I am rating on bang for the buck! If you are not a pro and are looking for value for your money, 
Great Quality for the Price. Can t beat the sound for the price. Use mine for jogging. Used for over a year and still going strong  
Definately worth it. I agree with Max. Don t use those inferior cables that come with your DVD player. I just bought a DVD player and immediately got these Monster 
Great Picture, Great Sound, An Excellent Value. I was very impressed with the quality of the picture and sound. The picture was clear and sharp. I was very surprised with 
Great little clock radio. It is so hard to find a decent sounding clock radio. This one fits the bill! Full rich sound with a built in rear firing subwoofer 
Perfect Monitor. I couldn t believe how lightweight this monitor is, and how easy it was to connect to my computer. It is one of the best investments I have 
I like these wall ceiling bracket. it makes my speakers looking splendid on the wall.It is very easy to assemble and to adjust its angl  
Great system for your office or living room. I needed a small system for my office. I wanted removable speakers, good sound at all volumes and a sleek look. This 
Great Printable Surface. This works very well on all devices I ve used them with. The printable surface is great for those printers that support them. It would be great 
Sony ECMMS907 is a decent mic. I bought the mic to use with a digital video camera that has an external mic jack. You know how video cams get lousy 
Worth it. After reading a few reviews on the turntable, I decided to buy it anyway. This was more of a gift for my mom, since I would be transferring 
I am impressed. I had heard about goofy software problems with this printer, but went ahead and bought it anyway. Set up was very easy. I set it up for 
AWESOME bass, not comfortable... I struggled between this and the shure e2c. I decided on the e2c, after comparing also with the etymotics r6i and the ultimate ears superfi3. This 
Works great. I m using this hub with my MacBook Pro to connect my printer, flash drives, wireless keyboard and mouse, laptop fan cooler, and hard drive to it. Everything 
buyer beware. PRO:nice deep darker color tone than the Sony KDL-46XBR2black level is darker than the Sony KDL-46XBR2got more input and output than the Sony KDL-46XBR2got picture-in-pictureCON:resolution is a bit 
Excellent aid to productivity. Not only is the LX7 handily svelte when compared to many mice with similar features, but it s an ergonomic dream. The side-to-side scroll wheel is 
Ipod 60 GBPhoto. Very Good ! As far as the owner, the ipod is well take care  
Flawless 10 Key Input. I am currently running an online business. The expandability that this piece of equipment provides for our laptops is a great asset.  
Mobility means outside in clear view of sky. This will be a great addition for listening pleasure if you are at the beach or in open areas. Since it requires 
Best value, but a little inconsistent. I was going on a 3 week trip, and so I bought three Lexar 512MB digital cards one per week . On my trip 
great phone!. This phone is so cute and works great. I have had it for 3 years now and it still works great. I have it by my bedside and 
Breif Review. I ordered 3 APC Back-UPS ES 500s on the recommendation of an employee of mine who used to work at APC. I ve had them for about a 
Great Bag... Fantastic Price. I just recently purchased this Laptop case and it fits my 17 inch HP like a glove. it has 2 pockets on the outside to store 
HDTV. All I can say it is great.I am very satisfied with this TV and the delivery date was made no problems. Also no problems setting TV up. Works like 
Perfect for SOHO remote access. The Linksys BEFVP41 is perfect for remotely accessing a small home network with a static IP address. The connections are secure and the setup is 
Midland Helmet Headset is a great buy!. This helmet headset mounts very easily and worked great  
Very Good. The instructions were a little hard to follow. The product works fine  
Belkin 3 Button Mouse USB. Very nice size and very functional. I usually use a cordless but keep this in my desk drawer for when my battery runs out. It 
Great Product But.... The new iSkin is a great improvement because the whole iPod is covered. It would be very hard for moisture to leak through this case!!! My only 
Good product but expensive. I bought this DS-2300 to replace my DS-330. The 330 had internal memory and I had to download every night after my 3-hour lecture. The 2300 
Amazing Batteries!. I ve used a number of types of rechargeable batteries from various companies in the past. I bought these batteries to power my Olympus FL50 flash for my 
My favorite storage solution. I would like to second Aaron s review. I ve also had a hard time finding these. Maybe it s an East Coast thing. I use 
Awasome!!. The screen works perfectly! If you take your laptop everywhere, this is a must have... even going into meeting at work.It does get dusty rather quickly which just mean 
Great TV. The Flat LCD has bright color, decent sound, and many input options. I was dissapointed in the DVI input - I plugged my macbook pro in and found 
TERK HDTV Antenna. I bought this antenna for use with a new Samsung 40 LCD tv.I have always used rabbit ears for reception of our local philly stations on our 
Great portable exercise phones. Convenient, tiny, secure-fitting, super-comfortable. Very decent sound quality for this price-range, too.I recently changed to using Koss KSC-75 clip ons, which sound significantly better, but are 
Fantastic. The ice works well the auto mode is real simple and the unit corects the file for laying it on the scanner at weird angles  
Awesome mobile mouse!. Not only is this mouse stylish and for a cause, it is very easy to use and a high quality product! I love that the USB connector 
Absolutely Fantastic. I have tried to do this over the years with other products....with limited success. This one works perfectly. Very well engineered and thought out. A breeze to install. 
Excellent Printer. This printer is wonderful and the picture quality is superb and they are so clear. I have a Cybershot T-1 camera and the combination is nice. The printer 
Great Features and Performance. So far the APC Back-UPS RS1500VA has been working very well. It switches over to battery power instantly without so much as a flicker on my 
Good Radio with that price. Pro-good reception. I used it in the bus.Con-Don t have pre-station saving feature. Don t have lock button function therefore buttons are easy touched.Delivery is 
Kingston 1GB Data traveler. Excellent product at a great price. Shipping was quick. Never had a problem with Amazon vendors  
Best for the money...for a musician. The M-Audio Audiophile 2496 is probably the best all-around soundcard available today. I am a musician, so for me, recording in a high quality 
Doesn t like cold windshields. I have found that this suction cup tends to fall of when the windshield gets cold. A little saliva on the suction cup prior to 
Beats Sony and Samsung by a long shot. No HDCP handshake issues as are often found on the Sony playersDetachable power cable, beats sony player.Upgradable firmware, beats sony player.Region coding, 
Happy linux gamer. I ordered this item because I only had a 64mb TNT Riva 2 card, which wasn t giving a great performance, and because I was able to 
Sony headphones. Great crystal clear sounding lightweight headphones make my Ipod sound fantastic. I m hearing parts of songs I was never quite able to hear clearly  
Good sound quality, awkward microphone. Provides good sound quality and comfort. The main drawback is the microphone is a clip on and has no good spot on the headphones or 
Brighter colors and more reliable!. Generic refills are cheaper but the colors aren t as vivid and consistent! I never use generic! Trust the name you trusted your printer with 
Fantastic, well-built Radio AND LED Light source. Very well built, right down to the battery compartment! This is a very sensitive receiver, with DEPENDABLE analog tuning. The LED light source 
Great cooler, comact enough to travel with. This cooler works very well and gives on one extra USB port. It s light and compact enough to fit in a laptop 
LNS-4696D Rocks. Gorgeous black laquer box with swivel stand hold a remarkable LCD screen.Image quality, color and contrast are outstanding.Just hooked my set up to the Tivo Series 3 DVR 
Rockin labels. These labels are great. I use them in my business with the Dymo 400 to make bar code labels and for sale stickers. They are just the right 
Simply perfect for the money. As above, they simply sound great for the money. And they have a volume thing in the wire, witch is great for when you have 
Peace of mind for the MacBook owners lovers !!!. Hi there,I am writing this review after having used the product for almost 2 months now. From the moment I bought 
Great Value and Impressive Features. I bought the Ebookman 901 without knowing anything about it, and I have been very pleasantly surprised at how versatile it is. Just add a 
I think I made the right choice. I gave my son a Garmin 60C for Christmas last year. Tinkered with it for a couple of days before handing it over. 
No more interference!. My old one was giving me nothing but problems. The D-Link works like a dream even on the other side of the apartment. No more dropped signals 
You won t be disappointed. I was looking to up-grade my photographic printer and researched The Pro 9000. This printer does a fantastic job, consumes less ink than comparable Epsom 
Beats the iPod by a longshot!. This is a great MP3 player. It sounds, looks, and feels better than an iPod. The storage capacity is huge. There are only 2 
Surely, not just another run of the mill DVD player!. One of the best buys for a DVD player even at 2x the price. Too bad it s silver and 
Super Sticks!. I just received my Soundsticks yesterday and could not be happier with their performance. I am using them to listen to streaming audio on my PC from a 
Love these!. I ve been buying the same ones for over two years now and I ve never had a complaint about them. I think I might have had two 
Great media player. I m not someone that is hardcore ipod or hardcore microsoft. I just wanted a good media player that was simple to use and that had plenty 
The Best Earphones Ever. I have to tell you that i ve always hated earphones. They were always falling out of my ears and the sound was terrible. They never 
Works well on my Mac. I needed a good mike to cut the echo when using Skype. This mike fills the bill. It is directional so the speakers don t 
Good item. I have a svideo-rca cable but my Dell 700M doesn t reconize the TV input. So I tried this one and it works great! I will give it 
Nice A V receiver. A quality receiver for your home theater. Sounds and looks good at a great price  
Canon printer ink. Excellent quality. A bit more expensive than the compatible brands, but worth it for the reliability  
Buy the extension cable for the antenna. If you plan to buy this and cannot mount the antenna outside, forget it. I tried it in two windows with no luck. 
Exceptional High Capacity Zippered CD Wallet. I like accessories that are functional and really work as they were intended and designed. Such is the case with this product. It holds 
Great set. Great set. Wonderful picture. Lots of inputs - including a cablecard which I love. Great 1080i. Don t know how it handles 1080p since I don t have 
Good for the car too. I have a Kenwood Sirius setup in my car, but the antenna connection became loose so I tried this one out as a replacement and 
Cheap way to make editing movies a ton easier. I bought this little gadget thinking Its cheap enough I won t care if it doesn t work good. Now, I 
Neat!. Yeah... I like this one... it is so choice... if you have the means I highly recomend picking one u  
Does everything it should. I use my USB hub every day and it works fine with every device I plug into it  
Great Buy. This is the second case i have purchased for my iPod. The first had a flip top, and it was alright, but it started making permenant scuffs on 
Just enough. I bought this card because I was in a particular jam. I had to tailor my video card purchase not to my bank account, but to my power 
Great Little Sub Woofer. I have this attached to my inMotion Treo 650 speaker cradle at work and everybody says they can t believe the sound is coming from such 
Sanus TV Turntable. This product does exactly what it s supposed to do. I can easily swivel my tv around with one finger, and it doesn t damage the tabletop 
Very nice. This Sleeve is very good looking and smart. Only thing I don t like is that the 13 Macbook JUST fits in it. Therefore when zipping it up 
Picture and sound are good, but setup is unnecessarily complicated. Olevia doesn t make setup of this TV as simple as it should be. Not only is a printed manual 
A wonderful unit. I researched what was the best 5 disc changer and this has all the needed features. Continues to get high marks from various consumer groups. Sometimes I 
Excellent Piece of Work !. Works like a charm, the Wi-Fi sniffer in the software is definitely a big plus ! You can get details of the connection i.e. connection 
Lexar Multi Card Reader. Completely satisfied with the Lexar Media Multi Card Reader. Simple and easy to use  
I love this radio - For it s AM reception. I ve had several pocket radios and this one is the best I ve had. I use it mostly for 
Perfect first guitar. We bought this guitar for my 9 year old son. He loves it. It plays just like a full size guitar only smaller. He is now taking 
Best buy. Shure is the always sure about its quality. Pay less money still the best product. Do not try anything else, just try shure  
Rf Remote Front Row. It is easy to use and works great for me. It gives me more options with the Remote Body software  
Awesome product. This stand was a perfect fit for my keyboard. Instructions were easy to read and item was easy to put together. Hightly recommend this product  
Good deal for the price, if you are able to get a hold of this tuner... It was a bit of a wait in order to get the item, and 
Amazing Value, Amazing Quality. I bought this TV as a birthday present for a friend, somewhat skeptical of the price considering the size of the unit. In reality, the TV 
xD M-512MB Memory Card. This definitely has expanded my picture taking ability and its fast. WORTH THE PRICE  
Works well. The picture is great. The audio is not as loud as I would like  
Excellent product!. Delphi SA10103 SKYFi2 Home Adapter Kit was exactly what I needed with my new XM radio. Easy to assemble, installed it into my stereo and voila! Satellite radio 
Nice, but a tie wrap is still needed. I bought this and had it hard mounted to my little seadoo jetboat. It works nicely, but the bumping in and out 
Great Product but BE CAREFUL with the CLEAR FILM. I got this item for christmas. I wanted it because the Apple Nano Tubes are HORRIBLE. Anyway, the leather case is 
Very Good Case. Very good case for my black iPod-NANO.While browsing to find the ideal Nano-Case, I read in a previous review for this product that some kind of plastic 
It s called the Ultra Mini for a reason!. This review pertains specifically to the Targus PAUH217U 4 Port Ultra Mini USB 2.0 Hub.The cord is about 2.5 feet long 
Excellent transaction. The product arrived in excellent condition and much earlier than I had expected it too.Cheers,  
A wonderful addtion. My son is a Marine over in Iraq and this was something he brought to my attention as being GREAT to have to go with his Rhino. 
Best Label for the best line of label printers. Clear labels blend in well on any envelope. DymoLabel writers deserve the best...buy em clear label  
Great DVD cases but another Blatant Example of Amazon.com Price Gouging. The thing that upsets me about Amazon.com and the reason I seldom buy anymore from them are their moving 
great speed. the best on the market.make dvd and cd with no hassle.good product for good price.would recommend it any time  
FX -115ES Calculator Review. For the price, I really liked this calculator, which I use for straight forward engineering calculations. I have grown to like the natural display which reduces 
Can t go wrong with Intel 2.4. Just installed it in my machine. Make sure you read the directions about installing the heat sink. You can damage the plastic footings 
A beautiful display!. I ve just replaced my ViewSonic VX924 gaming LCD with the Samsung 226BW. Wow, what an amazing display! It s 1000x1 contrast ratio is stellar. Blacks are 
excellent HP Scanjet 7800 Document Scanner. HP Scanjet 7800 Document ScannerThis scanner worked flawlessly as described  
i was dock skeptical at first. ...but then I bought one in a Zoom vending machine at an airport. Aside from the idea of being able to use it to 
Dang good. Seemingly built solid, sound very good. Only complaint is that they appear to be built to be mounted using brackets that I have not been able to locate 
Works well BUT...... It is a very good product ,but the problem I had was that all of my antenna s connectors are 90deg. You can still use it like 
Wow .... I got these speakers as a gift, then found them here on Amazon. They are amazingly good for the price. Mine even came with an AC adapter so 
Great Product. My daughter is very happy with the product. She not only got the MP3 player she wanted, she also got her favorite color PINK . Thought we got 
Great Bench for the Price. For approximately 26 dollars, this is a great bench. It doesn t take up a lot of room, it s sturdy and great for a 
Love it! Love it Love it!. I most definately recommend this label maker!!!!!! i love it! I do a lot of labeling and the label tape has lasted a long 
Neat, well made & surprisingly large amount of storage space. I bought this case for an HP Photosmart A516 printer and it s absolutely ideal for this printer and the 
Good price and quality. Terrible smell!. Can t beat the price. Quality is good. Smell stinks  
Works Great. Does exactly what it was supposed to. Menu was a little hard to figure out, but that seems to be common with stereo recievers. Sound is fine and 
At last --- a substantial shredder. After two other shredders that failed, this is a brute!It does not even slow down with a big load. The rollers are a convenience 
Very Cool & Convenient!. This is an AWESOME little device.Let me start with the pros:1 EASY: Incredibly easy setup literally press one button - never believed it, but it s 
Good choice for the outdoors. Has much better range than the old 2 watt and works well in hilly terrain. Headsets perform well and are fairly comfortable  
Great especially for old CD-reader. I used several high speed CD-R disks to burn music CD for my 1998 car. However, they just cannot be readable. But this CD-R has 
A Bargin And Worth Every Penny. My wife and I have owned this projector for 4 months and we couldn t be happier. The 108 picture in our setup is 
Funky Keyboard. I m with the first reviewer for this product. This keyboard brings my mood up just looking at it. The mouse runs nice and smooth. The keyboard itself 
Great Product that works!. I was contemplating all sorts of home theater controllers, and decided to give this thing a shot. I was fully prepared to have to call technical 
Great Mouse. I love this Trackball mouse. I have an IMAC G5 and just couldn t get used to the mouse that came with it. I have limited space for 
Its the best for me. When I ordered this webcam I never know it would be so easy to install and use, plus the clear images, pictures and videos are 
Computer lock. My daughter that is serving in the military in Africa asked for this item so she could try and keep her laptop a little more secure. She said 
Great TV. As with other reviewers, I also researched LCD TVs before purchasing the Panasonic TH-42PX600U plasma. I currently use cable with the cable card 120 to purchase through cable 
Works fine, as promised, but power adapter noisy. The adapter that powers this thing makes an annoyingly loud buzzing sound. Since this is a product for presumably home audio, it 
We love it!. We bought this TV 3 months ago and don t regret it one bit. It was delivered right to our door in a timely manner and in 
Excellent Privacy Filter. This product definitley lives up to the name. An individual must be directly behind you and at eye level in order to see your screen pretty much 
Labeling tape. I use this 1 2 tape on all types of surfaces, it sticks well and is easy to read  
Feng Shui for your Digital Audio Workstation. After 15 years using a Roland U-20 as a midi controller I began to wonder if upgrading would ever be needed. I figured 
Great Audio. I really like the sound of the system that I installed in my car.  
Not compatible with Windows XP x64 bit. For the few using this 64 bit version of Windows XP the supplied printer drivers do not work and there are no updated 
Excellent SD card. I use this card in my Palm TX pda and have it filled with mp3 music and in almost two months have had no problems with it. 
Pretty good for the price. I ve been using this phone for about a month now, and overall it s pretty good.Pros: Sound quality is good on handset speakerphone headset, 
GREAT ITEM. I BOUGHT THIS FOR SAMMY, MY NEPHEW AS A GIFT....AND HE LOVED THEM!! I WAS A GOOD BUY FOR THE MONEY  
My Geek Loved It... I m married to a guy who has been a Geek since before Geeks were cool. Although he is very difficult to buy for the best 
Easy... Purchased this mount in large part due to the positive comments by others before me. I can add nothing more. It s simple and quick to install. I used 
Does the job. It s a simple device, so there s not to say about it other than it does the job. You should note that the LEDs on the 
Pretty good for price. These are a good buy for the price. Obviously there are higher quality headphones, but these do the job and are good for traveling around because 
Great sound, easy set up. I love my Samsung home theater system. Very aesthetically pleasing, very easy setup and excellent sound. The fact that it plays almost any media format, 
Site maintained by crazed monkeys!. I d also love to buy one of these gems at this price, but alas no buy button. They ll sell me a used tape, 
Sound is great. Very pleased w item. Compact. Easy to move from place to place  
Works like it should. I believe that this is a superior product and it worked as it should  
Love it, Love it, Love it!. The iRiver T10 2Gb is perfect for someone who doesn t want to carry around 40-80Gb worth of music they ll never listen to 
Works wonders. Works perfect with my Kodak Easyshare camera and for half the price of the Kodak brand memory card. Would highly recommend.  
Eforcity is a good replacement last longer then original battery. I didn t want to keep plugging in my zen micro at the office just so there s juice on 
Nice for the Price!. I purchased the Sansa 512MB player for a hinking trip and I have to say it works GREAT. The only complaint that I would have is 
Music to my ears. I bought these from FRYS hence paid a bit more - but beleive me its worth every cent and now at less than 250, its a 
Quality low-priced power amplifier. Amplifier is well-matched to my bookshelf speakers and produces a clear, clean, highly-detailed sound  
A MUST HAVE accessory for your Epson. This battery will transform your Epson PictureMate Deluxe Viewer Edition from a nifty little photo printer into an absolute Must Have item ! 
Wonderful bag!. In the past I have used a backpack to transport my laptop along with my work I teach college . Perhaps it s age, but the backpack has 
APC Backup works as designed. This product shipped on schedule, was received in good condition, works as designed and does not contribute to the stress level in my life! What 
An Excellent Little Player. I ve had my Sansa the white one, with a pink silicone case... very cute for about a month now and I couldn t be more 
Journalist s Ideal Tool. This is pretty much the perfect tape recorder for interviews, whether live or phone -- sturdy but light for carrying, with plenty of bells and whistles 
2-Year Replacement. Always something that might come in handy my last remote quit working after a year  
Perfect PDA case. I love this case. It protects my Palm and also allows me a space to carry my sync cable. I sync between the Palm, my computer at 
Great!. Great product at a great price, arrived in a timely manner! Good Job  
Loud, Crystal Clear, And quiet for the others!!!. Greatest Headphones I have ever had, works great with Television, or Ipods. Highly Recommended!! Worth Your money  
SONY STEREO CONDENSER MIC ROCKS!. I have taken this mic from the tropics of Puerto Rico to the London Underground and it has worked superbly. Once I figured out the 
So cooool!. It s cool to look at AND functional -- how often does that happen?It s the size of a credit card, and weights only 2.5 oz 71 grams. 
Atende ao que preciso. Estou usando essa memria com uma mquina de 4 megapixels e permite gravar mais de 100 fotos.Pode parecer pouco para a capacidade de memria dos cartes 
Fantastic. I really love these speakers. The fidelity of the bass is terrific as per Come on Closer by Jem, say . My regular system has Magnaplanar speakers with a 
Great product. This HP toner works as stated in the HP Laser Jet 3330. Copies are clean and crisp without blurring, smudging, or fading.  
In its day...it was on top. I have had my Handspring Visor Deluxe for 5...yes, FIVE years actually longer . While I take decent care of it, it has taken 
GREAT MACHINE AT A GREAT PRICE. We ve been very pleased with Brother in the past and this builds on the deserved reputation they have with us. Great value for 
My Zune is much better than my two malfunctioning iPods. I have two iPods that don t work. I bought a shuffle first and that has an error that I 
Works w Mac but serious design flaw!. The included security software works as advertised with both my iBookG4 and iMacG5 OSX10.4.7 . BUT there is a serious design flaw...the little 
Good Inexpensive Monitors. I ve had these for a couple months now and I can t really complain. The volume is slightly limited but the range is nice and I 
Well worth the money. I am extremely happy with this case. The ipod fits into the case and stays there securely. It also has a strap around the front to 
Best Memory Yet. I have been struggling with the constraints of memory of smaller size. This size of memory and speed is amazing. The price is also very reasonable. I 
I love this TV. I have had this tv for 6 months. I hace had no problems with it at all. I was worried about buyingit online but it was 
Greate MS mouse, my wrist feels better. MOUSE ERGONOMICSI m on the computer 12 hours a day and my wrist has been bothering me. When using most mice, your wrist 
Mixed Feelings After Four Years. There is still a lot to love about the S350, big full sound, incredible FM reception, generally strong AM reception, good rugged looks. But the 
Lexar Compact Flash Reader. Outstanding little product. Good human interface. Able to use it immediately and much faster than cameral software  
very good recorder. works very good for the money. Am very pleased with the product  
strong case. This case can put up with a beating. I am a metal sculptor and have beat this case pretty badly. It has a plastic screen cover which I 
Good value. A very sturdy piece of equipment. Solid. Good sensitivity and response. The sweet spot is nicely placed. Picks up the sound of your fingers on the grip when 
This one finally worked. I have several Linksys wireless adapters, usb, pci, etc that I could never configure with a Linksys wireless cable modem router. This one worked fine. Go 
Earphones Top of the Line. 1st quality, first rate service awesome. Gift for my very picky son. Awesome!!!! A . Definately will order from them agai  
Reliable. This is the second BEFSR81 I ve owned. My previous one was taken out by an electrical storm. Although the router was plugged into a Belkin Surgemaster Surge Protector, 
iPod Nano Holder is Great!. This case for the iPod Nano is awesome! Its rubberized so absorbs any shocks from accidental drops. It also amkes the Nano bigger which is 
Fast and reliable. I ve used many brands of CF card, and some others are slow and sketchy--seem to need reformatting way too often. These SanDisk Ultra cards, however, are 
Excellent for gaming and general computing. Well constructed and worked right out of the box. We are anxious for more gaming templates.How about templates for MS Flight Simulator and the 
execellent. fits perfectly, low profile, black doesn t stand out. No noise when turning. Just what i wanted  
AWESOME! htp from 313DET. functions exactly as stated in product description. i searched extensively online for similar cases and chose this one based on other reviews and price. no major 
Very easy to use!. This was very easy to use. All you have to do is plug it in and play. I had no issues using this at all  
No need to spend hundreds. This little turntable does it all. It s advertised for TVs around 20 inches, but please note that is TUBE TVs, the old CRTs your 
An essential piece of the puzzle. This number 93 tri-color ink cartridge by Hewlett Packard is an essential for those of us who use the HP Deskjet 5440 printer--or any 
Very good at the one thing it does. It s not as good as the Windows tablet native recognition, that s clear to me. But it has multilanguage support right 
very nice for the price. it s very useful and works well. Too soon to judge battery usage. I would recommend this Radio Tv combo  
This thing is amazing. I m a cow and like most cows I use Photoshop heavily. All I can say is that I can not believe that I went as 
Kensington 33374 Wireless Presenter with Laser Pointer. The device was purchased for personal teaching and seminars needs but now it is often used for Departmental seminars. It works flawlessly with 
Great notebook case. I purchased this for my wife who wanted a case for herHP Pavilion Notebook PC DV5139US , screen size 15.4 , ht 1.8 , wdth 14.1 , 
awesome deal. I see a lot of negative reviews here, but I ve been using these discs for a couple months now with my PowerBook G4 s Superdrive, and I 
just got this in an office pollyanna. I just won this item at an office holiday party. After reading the packaging for about 30 minutes, I figured out what it 
Transcend 1GB MultiMedia Card. I m very happy with this product and for the price also  
Great phone, no complaints. Works great, good sound. I wanted a 5.8 phone to avoid interference problems. I wanted a phone without an answering system because my phone provider Vonage 
Great Headphones for the runner. Sennheiser got it right. These are simple. They are comfortable, even on long runs. They have great sound. They stay put while I am running. 
Handy Way to Use Roady2. First of all - I really enjoy listening to XM radio, which is what made me consider buying this extension device for the receiver. It 
Excellent!. The Logitech Presenter does everything it claims it will do - easily and flawlessly. No software to install, virtually no learning curve at all - you just plug it 
Excellent, Versatile, Good Price. The nice, light lustre finish makes a good compromise between glossy, without annoying reflections, and matte, offering some extra saturation and snap. This is very good 
Merry Christmas!!. I thought it would take me weeks to find anything like this, and then I figured I d have to spend WAY too much money. NO! Hooray!! These 
Great, great Mic !!!. I have this microphone since march 2006 and I use it every day from Monday to Friday and it works Great !!! The first test I 
Great multi-function car charger. I use this to charge my ETEN M700 cellphone with GPS while driving GPS eats up the battery very fast . It is powerful enough to 
Targus Wireless Keyboard is great. This is a fantastic little item. You can attach your PDA, position the infrared wand and off you go. With this keyboard, you can type 
Great for cameras. I bought this for my digital camera because my other batteries didn t last very long. These work great and last for a long time.  
It works. The only problem is that it doesn t come with the adapter that snaps to the rhino. It plugs into the one that came with the wall charger 
Fine product. But then, it s from Olympus!. A good product with a trusted name. When the time comes to add xD Picture Cards to my inventory, I ll gladly 
Good price and Good service. Shipping took awhile - but considering the weight of this item I still think it was excellent quick shipping service. The price was excellent - 
Perfect. I have this as my picture printer and its the best one yet. With a great price!!  
Good HTPC processor. Great processor for a HTPC, my use . Especially with the Cool n Quiet technology  
Not perfect, but pretty damn good. So far, I love it! I wanted something that wouldn t add bulk to my purse yet could act as a flash drive and 
CD Burning Tips. These brush cleaner CD s do work, believe it or not. Perhaps not quite the same as having your system professionally serviced, but why waste more money 
Works like a charm. The mount is very nicely designed. It holds the Treo securely yet allows the phone to pivot. Easy to remove from the windshield so no one 
verrry goood. the microsoft zune....such a contrivertial productwell let me start with thisi like it better than the ipod don t get riled up it s my opinioni think the 
Cable s here. .Bought the printer. Bought the cable. Connected cable to printer and computer. Printer works so I guess the cable is good .Nothing more need be said..  
Excellent High Capacity SDIO SD Card. I just loaded this into my Treo 680 and it works great. Of course this is the only palm device that currently supports 8gb 
12 year old and family love it. The gift was given at Xmas time to my 12 year old daughter and as it ended up the whole family had a 
Easy to install. Hard to beat for the price. I installed this in 5 minutes. Works fine. Bought another for my husband and several for gifts.Don t try to use 
Excellent hardware but has some issues. Moving up to the DiNovo line of keyboard is quite a financial commitment for most users. With that you expect certain things to be 
Nice Drive. I gave this as a gift to my wife and she absolutely loves it. The ease of use no power cord, just USB connection and the compact size 
Second pair of these!. I loved the black ones so much that I had to buy a set of white ones for my wife. She kept borrowing mine for days 
WELL BUILT, NICE SOUNDING RADIO BOOMBOX. Well built, great sounding radio. Sony got smart and left out the ancient tapedeck, and saved buyers extra cash. I did not buy this 
A Great Sub At a Great Price. If you re looking for bang for your buck this is the sub for you. I have a pretty open living area and 
Worked great for me. OK - here s what you get:1 power supply brick1 iPod dock1 3-foot cable to connect power supply brick and dock1 3-foot cable to connect dock 
Great Design, Powerful Learning Function. This remote has outstanding ergonomics!!! It has a nice compact shape that is comfortable and balanced to hold. When held naturally, the volume buttons and 
Greatest iPod Accessory Ever!!!. I bought this monster link about a month ago. I can honestly say that I haven t watched a bit of regular cable tv ever since. 
Wonderful. Yet another review saying this dictionary is GREAT, buy it! My only tiny complaint is that it s not backlit. It s so easy fun to use though, I 
An outstanding DVD player with an outstanding price tag!. The Sony DVPNC80V was purchased to replace my aging DVD receiver unit that was beginning to fuss. I ordered this new 
Nice Radio. I really enjoy it. The menu buttons are a little confusing trying to figure the enter button. Lots of features and the display is cool. Good luck  
Samsung YA-CD100 Helix Home Docking Kit. My only drawback with this is that it should have been a part of the package. It is a bit price  
1st impression: Highly pleased; 2nd impression; hate it! PS: I rate it only 1 star; not 4!. I had a succession of ultrasonic humidifiers from Sharper Image over the years 
Great earbud alternative at an ultra-low price!. I purchased these earphones as a replacement for my ipod s lost earbuds. I d use them seven days a week and twice 
It s great. This printer is great! Spits out 4x6 color photos in about 25 seconds that are top notch. The color screen makes it a snap to choose photos 
Excellent Radio for the price. I was looking for a high quality portable that I could use at work and that was light enough that I could carry around with 
so far so good. I haven t used it much yet, but when I have, it s worked fast  
Problems with DVD player?. I rarely write reviews but I could not believe what I saw with the 24 DVD players and it doesn t work. All I ever use 
Good Service; Excellent Trustworthy. Item arrived on time as expected; Good customer service; All in all, 5 stars  
Vonage For Convenience. I ve heard the horror stories about Vonage, but it is a very good service for someone like me who travels regularly. I signed up for Vonage 
Nothing but compliments. I am using this system instead of component audio to do with my new hi def TV. i can t believe the quality of sound that comes 
Have Drive will Travel! Memorex 512MB. I love my USB. I wear it close to my heart. on the neckchain It s easy to use. No installation necessary. And it 
A good product. I used this mount to hang a 42 panasonic TV. The product was shipped in a good package. It is a solid piece and it holds my 
PRETTY GOOD. THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST AND FIRST MP3 I OWN. IT IS PRETTY LILGHT AND PORTABLE. THE SOUND IS GOOD DEPENDS ON THE HEADPHONES YOU USE. IT 
GET RID OF THOSE COVERS!!!. My wife came up with the idea of placing all my DVDs in binders...I rejected the idea at first, but then saw her point about 
So far - so good. Service: Ordered the sticks on Thursday, recieved them on Monday!Performance: Used these to boost my RAM to 1.5 Gig previously had KVR400X64C3AK2 512 in my 
Great TV Monitor. I did some extensive research on TVs, and after several months of comparisons between Sharp and Samsung, I finally decided to purchase this set. After owning the 
This thing is amazing. I m a cow and like most cows I use Photoshop heavily. All I can say is that I can not believe that I went as 
Nothing too special, but serves its purpose. We didn t expect this item to revolutionize the way we us our iPod minis, but it does what it should - protects 
SONY replacing a SONY. After about 20 years of service, during which time I never needed service, my SONY gave out, so I bought this one, hoping for continued good 
Outstanding Performance & Monitoring. The Forerunner 305 w Heart Rate Monitor is outstanding I must say. Compared to many other wrist GPS devices, this one is the most accurate I 
Excelent Typewriter. Great typewriter.Easy to use, clear instructions.Compact and good desig  
Great quality at reasonable price!. The 100 2-sided CD DVD sleeves were a great buy. They are fairly durable and make carrying storing CDs DVDs easier  
great product, pretty low price!. no kidding, it s a really useful little thing, and pretty girly, too! ;  
Sony LCD TV is the Best Ever. My wife and I bought this tv for Christmas, and we are extremely pleased with it. We have it hooked up to a 
TI-84 graphing calculator. This product was a gift to my Granddaughter, who is a high school Soph.,for use in her math and chemistry classes. She has used the calculator quite 
Great shape, good quality. I love this controller. I have small hands for an adult, and the pad fits me well. I like the shape better than even the now-standard 
Good Product but refills are way overpriced. These things are a great way to organize your DVD s and save storage space. I can t figure out why the refills 
clarification of other person review. the reson it would not send a video signal may be because you didnt go into settings and turn TV Out on. If you do 
Weird instalation... The cable works very well, I now can use the printer I had forgotten due to the lack of parallel port in my computer. Installation manual, however, goes 
Device lets me listen to Radio. My grandmother bought me this item in color black for Christmas and I am listening to it right now. I have tuned it to 
Beware: Don t order this for the iPod Photo. This system worked great for my 40 GB iPod. The carrying case and interchangable plug-ins are nifty for international travellers. A 
Great for the office. I got these stress balls for the guys on my IT team and they ALL LOVE IT! Even my managers asked for them. If you know 
Great for teachers on the go!. Currently, I am a student teacher at a high school that is not equipped with much in the way of high technology. I have 
Exccellent Audio qualtiy. First thing I noticed with this item is the great audio quality although i was using the same old speakers in my car. I originally got his 
Reliable Affordable QoS router. This is a great router for the price. It s easy to configure and the documentation is pretty good. It explains the routing pretty well. What 
Does the job. I have an older laptop that really gets hot when holding it on my lap, bought the Chill Pad and was surprise how the two little fans 
Protects your investment. Manufactured of a soft gray felt like material, a tough leather bottom, and draw string closure at the top, this lens pouch helps protect your lens from 
Stereo Headphones. Sennheiser MX55V is outstanding. For the price, it delivers incredible clarity in sound. My son who is a rock music freak will use nothing but premium noise-cancelling headsets 
Use standard keyboard w laptop. This little thing, always in my bag, works great to use a standard keyboard with my XP Pro laptop. Good quality item  
Great Hardware!!. This Portable Color LCD TV, is too flexible, I mean Water and Shock Resistant. It s LCD resolution is good enough as well  
worth the price. Very sturdy, Very good features although there is rooom for improvement, quite heavy, but I suppose that should be expected for the sturdiness, and overall worth it, 
No need to spend hundreds. This little turntable does it all. It s advertised for TVs around 20 inches, but please note that is TUBE TVs, the old CRTs your 
Superior value. Although HP LaserJet 13X Q2613X costs about 20 more than LaserJet 13A Q2613A , it is a superior buy for a number of reasons. Topping the list is 
no problems so far... I was a little hesitant to try this product even with the low pricetage because of some of the reviews, but I have had it on 
Seems designed specifically for jogging. This case is made of nice material. Unfortunately the Ipod fits rather loosely in the case. Also, one of the Velcro flaps on the top 
Great Accessory for Any Vehicle. We purchased the Case Logic Portable DVD Player Case, Model APDV-3, for use on a recent road trip with two young children. It worked very 
So far so good....... Just finished connecting the Seagate 750Gb drive to my system. I had my doubts, but it is working fine with my network. It is connected via 
takes a licking...and keeps on ticking. just the like the reviewer below, i accidentally put my cruzer through the washer...AND the dryer. i pulled it out after my clothes finished 
What a great little bean!!!. This is the greatest little MP3 player!!! The sound is great good bass , the size is very convenient and everybody who see it, wants 
A recorder I can easily use. Finally, I found a small pocket sized recorder that I can use without reading a lot of the manual. It s small, but the 
Not All Of That... but it is Most Of That. If this card came with a mini antenna and picked up FM radio broadcasts it would be perfect. It s 
good for the money. it was what i expected for the money i paid. the 2 gen nano fits in nicely. there is a cord that attaches from the bottom 
Great little calculator. The Casio fx Solar fraction calculator is used in teaching my math class of young , primarily Mexican mothers to prepare them for GED tests. Some calculators 
This cassette adapter is great!!!. I recently bought an 06 Mazda6 and with a newly installed tape deck, I wanted a high quality cassette adapter that would not give me 
Best CREATIVE software and materials out there. I ve been using NEATO and the MediaFace software for years. I LOVE the ability to calibrate the output so I can create 
Pretty useful product. You will appreciate this product only if you don t have enough USB ports. In my case, I had plenty of ports, but needed an extension cable, 
Does exactly what it says. I ve been quite pleased with this case. Contrary to another reviewer, I find that it fits my new 15.4 screen laptop perfectly. It s 
Great Printer. I am very impressed with this printer. I used to own an Epson C60,and this printer just blew that printer away. it s fast and the colors are 
WOW!. This is an awesome graphics cards. Currently, I am playing NWN2 and have every effect activated. This card is not even being tested. I can t wait to see 
Great Product. I have had a 32mb jumpdrive for over 3 years now and I have never needed anything bigger. That was until I got this one. 4GB!! Now I 
Great remote, fantastic support. Being a gadget freak, I was looking for something to replace my Harmony remote. That s when I found the Monster MCC AV100. I have the 
nice and cheap. This is a great little disposable armband. I say disposable because its so cheap you can toss it if you want and get a new one. Nice 
Highly Recommended for FCP. If you re a Final Cut Pro, Avid, or iMovie editor, then you re really gonna love this device! Its especially useful for cataloguing a footage 
Great product, but may not be the most durable. This is going to be light on details, as Amazon s stock description seems to cover just about everything technical you 
Quality Receiver. I am completely satisfied with this product. I found the same product for less cost  
Great radio, Fantastic price!. This review is for the silver model @ 35.00. I could not belive the price & had to get one & see what was up. I 
Good all around headphones. PROS: Modern, simplistic design Great sound, unexpected from 20 headphones Snug fit, doesn t fall off of head, great for joggers Neodymnium magnets deliver powerful bass 
Great Cable. This cable does exactly what it is supposed to do. I previously had a Boston Acoustic PV1000 sub hooked up with a cheap cable but always had problems 
Excellent product. I ve owned this item for almost a full year and I am extremely pleased with it. It s so nice being able to carry around my laptop 
GREAT PRODUCT!. I own a recording studio in my home and wanted to unclutter my space. This monitor mount was the perfect complement to my situation. Sturdy and easy, sraight 
Easy to Setup & Good Signal Strength. The router was easy to setup and the signal strength was good.  
Good choice - Does not require included CD on newer Win 2000 or XP. From appearances and description, this appears to be identical to my SDDR-92 no A15 except for 
Perfectly reliable, perfectly priced. Needing a quick &amp; dirty home network solution, I quickly decided on the Netgear switch. All five ports are switched 10 100, half or full duplex, 
Sounds Great!!!. Simply fantastic sound for two channel audio from a computer. This card is best suited for playing music from your computer over your stereo home theater system. Most 
A Traveller s Review. I travel overseas a lot for my job. This little power strip is compact and enables you to keep ONE adapter on the end of it 
2 gb Olympus xd memory card. Received exactly what I ordered at a fair price  
Excellent Radar Lazer Detector. The Cobra XRS-9930 lives up to the Name of Quality. The X and R bands activate when needed. The only negative is the LED Screen. Somewhat 
Great product. The Macally PHR-100AF FireWire External Enclosure is a great product, very easy to assemble, plugs-in via firewire and appearson your desktop just as any external hard drive would.I 
Needs to be packaged better, but a great value. Positives: Parts all labeled clearly; the little pieces were all in individual bags and labeled with the letter matching the instructions 
number of pages per ink cartridge. Hi..I am happy with the quick result for HP15 ink cartridge printing 495 pages. I would appreciate if the comparative list of all HP 
Perfectly fits all DVDs in little space. I was at first hesitant to buy this because I have shelves full of DVDs, but my sister has one and told me 
MX 518 unleashed. It s cool to own one.. ; .. i m a die hard gamer.. though i ve not had time to serioulsy exploit its high resolution.. just 
Pricey, but for a Good Reason. This is a great card to use for your 8 megapixel digital camera. I have the OLYMPUS C8080, and at the highest-quality camera settings, 
Great Screen. It works great and we have had no problems with it. I would recommend it for anyone who wants a pull-down projector screen.  
Good product at great price. The USB cable looks and feels very similar to the apple one, but the chargers have a somewhat cheesy feel. Then again, that s totally 
Good buy for excellent protection of my Garmin c320. I usually just store the GPS unit without windshield mount and cables so that the unit is not visible when my 
Toshiba Numeric Keypad. Does exactly what it says, perfectly. Nothing to install, just plug it in.  
The ultimate running companion. As an aspiring triathlete and self-admitted gadget freak, I m always looking for something new to track my progress. This little device is fantastic. I was 
Duracell batteries DO have energy!. Its true these battery do have energy inside them, its another marvel of modern science. Personally I noticed that the flow of electrons were very 
Works fine. It does have a short cord, but long enough to reach the front of an older desktop computer with USB 1.1 connections only on the back. Short cord 
The only product worth my time for writing a review. This is the best mouse EVER by FAR . I owned the original one and it worked flawlessly for over 
Adequate Case; Could be a little better. Used with iPod 20g Color 4g: For the money this case provides adequate protection and a very little outer zipper pouch for earBuds 
Great Printer and Scanner Combo. This printer has excellent photo quality and the side benefit I never anticipated was the incredible ease of use to scan and print documents. The 
It looked different on the picture. Excellent service, but I expected to see another model of the handbag. It looked different on the picture  
Audio Technica Turntable. Excellent turntable for the price. Very accurate and the best answer for a basic turntable for recording to CDs or just listening. No need to spend more 
great product. The product came in a timely fashion and was exactly what I wanted. I have not yet been able to fill up the memory with my camera, but 
The Best Case available for the video iPod. I just received this case from amazon through amazon marketplace with iskin inc. I absolutely love the case. The case covers every 
Photos that truly look and feel professional. This printer produces 4X6 prints on postcard paper that look like they came from a photo lab. The quality is fantastic, and the 
coolest product. I used these as thank you cards, and they were a huge hit! I just sent thank you postcards to everyone, with a picture of us and our 
worked out of the box. hardest part was getting it out of the packaging. after that it was smooth sailin  
Good for Windows Media Center PC owners. I ve had my PMC-120 for a little over 1 month and am pretty happy with it. There are a few features Microsoft 
It s a porsche,, sleek and fast,, with some extra s.. I bought this external unit for the lightscribe technology, and it works great. Very nice appearance and runs quiet. 
Does the job. It s a simple device, so there s not to say about it other than it does the job. You should note that the LEDs on the 
Great Case for the Price. It is an amazing case. The pictures on this site do not do the case justice; it looks amazing and it is surprisingly durable. And 
It s as easy as plug and play. We currently have the Linksys BEFSR41 4-port router switch for our home network. It s been working great for about 4 years 
5 minute setup, works great. I bought a Netgear and spent 5 very frustrating hours trying to get it to work, and then it worked poorly only some of the 
MP3 Player with Speakers. This MP3 player is excellent for my purposes because it has a built in speaker and I can use it to listen to quiet music whenever 
Very Impressive!. I came in contact with the Bose speakers when my brother and I ran a movie on dvd for a group of young people at our church meeting 
Awesome labels. Nothing is worse than poorly applied CD labels or hand written text with a Sharpie. Lightscribe is an awesome technology to label CDs. It provides a very clear 
Love the GPS!. I got this for my birthday from my dear husband. It works like a charm! I love the way once you find your destination, you can also 
AWESOME photo printer!. I had previously owned a Canon printer that at the time was rated high and it served well but was old and photo quality was getting worse 
Excellent product. I try this memory card and is amazing read and write fast and nothing negative to sa  
Dependable and CHEAP!. So you must be in the market for a microphone if you are reading this. Depending on what you want out of a mic, this might be 
Brand new packages. Great seller. Packaged safe and received in a fast manner. Thank yo  
Works Great!!. Not much to say about the item other than it works as expected without any issues whatsoever  
Perfect. It got to me quickly, even before the estimated arrival date, in perfect condition. It blows away my last MP3 player. And best of all, Microsoft and or Apple 
Review WD 80GB SATA drive. Item was shipped promptyly. Received before date specified. Item currently working well  
good card. so far it is just as good as my other cards. transfer rates dont seem to be any slower or faster in my experience. with a card this 
Perfect addition for my Nikon D70. Formatted card using camera menu and have had no problems with the card in camera or in my Averatec XP-Home laptop. The D70 s 
Good Sound Quality. I bought this sound device due to poor sound quality on my laptop audio device Realtek AC97 . It has good audio performance for listening to music 
Belkin TuneDok for iPod. This is perfect for my iPod and keeps it totally secure while driving. Great price and you get different sizes to match your car perfectly.  
Great product and excellent support staff. The first unit I received must have been defective as I could barely make it from one floor to the next 10-15 ft , 
Monster Solution. I am the envy of my road warrior coworkers. This power strip is great due to the little room it takes in the carry on and the luxury 
EXCELLENT PRODUCT. I HAVE BOUGHT 200 OF THESE JEWEL CASES AND NOT ONE OF THEM HAS FAILED. THEY SHIP QUITE RAPIDLY EVEN WITH FREE SHIPPING. THIS IS A GOOD PRODUCT 
A great buy. The intuos3 6x11 tablet is nice because its like having a giant mouse pad. The mouse itself has five buttons that can be programed to do different 
Memory. Good value for the money; I haven t had any problems with the card and it and my Nikon seem to get along  
Excellent buy. This is an amazing webcam... I love it. It has excellent quality of image. No manual adjustments for focusing. The software controls for zoom, tilt, and pan are 
Excellent AGP Card. If you have a System that requires AGP, this card is for you. A bit pricey but well worth it!!  
I LOVE THESE -. I bought a ZEN 30G MP3 player and could not stand the earbuds they came with. They hurt so much that I used head phones until 
Highly recomended!. I recently purchased this item here, and I was so very impressed. It drastically improved the quality of my dvd player. You know the difference in quality when 
Slow Writing, but fast reading. Bought this card for my XDA I PDA. Worked fine right out of the box. However, this only showed up as 118mb card !!! not 
Great Cables with Easy To Use Fittings - But Expensive !!!. These are great cables. They look and feel great and are easy to connect. They eliminate fuzzy pictures caused 
Good performance at a good price. I bought this as a replacement for a Sony WM-FX788 AM FM cassette player and recorder. When the 788 stopped working, I looked for 
Exactly what I was looking for. Very good quality sound, loud ring, substantial weight not all cheap plastic with no heft .Only con is that even on low the ringer 
Good but noisy. Incredible sound quality- however, it has very little outward noise canceling, so everyone around you will be able to hear your music rather clearly if you re 
Monster Cable THX V100. I ve been using these cables for a couple of months now. Picture quality is excellent, although this is my back-up DVD player. My primary is 
you need a spare!. I got the second battery for my Zaurus and it was one of the best investments I made. The Zaurus uses quite a bit of power, 
great product. thanks for shipping it so fast. it holds the portable dvd i bought for my daughter perfectly. it holds more dvds than we own. great product, thanks agai 
High Quality CD-R Media! duh . I bought these after buying TDK for the past 5 years and now only being able to get Memorex at a low price I 
Pretty Great. I recently bought this stereo for my living room. I m very very satisfied. It was pretty easy to set up. The sound is also very wonderful. The 
Cooler Master NotePal Laptop Cooler R9-NBC-ADAS ADAK . I have 15.4 widescreen LCD,Sony 80GB,1GB of RAM. beginning the notebook doesnt overheat, but 30 - 45 minutes fans variable RPM which 
Make sure this is the right one!. This adaptor will connect a VGA projector or monitor to an intel iMac or MacBook, but the older flat panel iMac and iBook 
From a Musician. This is great way to get your vinyl on to a CD. You have to use music labeled CD-R s though. Some of my jazz collection has 
Great Parallel Adapter -USB cables!. These cables rock! No problem whatsoever with installation and they work like a charm! My 12 year old laser printer works great with my new 
Why does Bose induce so many contradictory opinions?. I am not an audiophyle, just a music lover. My main system consists of Proac 140 speakers, MF x 150 amp and 
Phone works fine. I have been happy with these phones. I find no problem with the sound - no static at all. The only small thing I have noticed is 
Great Fan. I purchased this fan because my sister got one first. It was great! The fan is extremely quiet and pushed plenty of air. Best of all is the 
perform well on what it is supposed to do. I am not sure what s the problem with the previous reviewer, but I found this protection pack works pretty well 
Excelent little gem!!!!. I have bought several SD cards before and this one is a fast writer and reader device, I own an Ipaq ppc and it transfers files in 
Great laptop bag for an overnight trip. I ve had this bag for almost a year now and I couldn t be happier with it. I don t use it 
Excellent all around all in one. Excellent photo printing, with the 7 colors the prints are outstanding.Very simple to operate, and its scanning capabilities far surpass any others I have 
Weather Alert Radio. I was very impressed. The radio took no time to setup and worked as promised. You do need internet access to setup the channels used in your 
A very good way to play music from computer. The discussion below relates only to audio, not to connecting a printer, and working with a router cum wireless access port.Pro:1. 
Man, this is the BEST TOY I ve bought myself in a long time !!. YOUR FAVORITE MOVIES ... IN YOUR POCKET ...WIDESCREEN PLEASURE ..... 4 SIZEI just purchased this 
Now we re talking.... I read the reviews on Amazon and checked out the Olympus and other recorders...nothing touches this one for usability. Therein lies some of the problem. I 
good wireless mouse. Range is good. Extension cable included increases that if necessary. Solid and no problems  
Pretty nice. Nice and small. I haven t had any surge so cant say much about that. It hopefully and should work though.The holes for plugging in stuff is kind 
THE Ink for the EPSON Stylus Photo R1800. If you own the EPSON Stylus Photo R1800, this is the ink for you.  
TIVo nearly all I expected. Just like a computer is useless without the programing, the TIVo DVR is useless without the TIVo Service and your programing source. TIVo allows a 
Great Phone!. I ve only had this phone for a week, but so far it s been great! Much easier than our old Uniden phones and more convenient. With this 
belkin 6-outlet 550VA usb battery backup. outlets are on top of case. easy to plug in and change plug ins. narrow case width allows backup unit to fit in the 
Tried every other product..Booq, Tamrac, Lowepro, Tumi, etc. This is the best. Here s why:. I ve been a long-time user of Brenthaven products. But I was a little unhappy 
great for scrapbooking. This is a great printer for those who want to print on 12x12 scrapbook pages. It works well with heavier cardstock paper. It also prints great photos. 
USB Desktop cradle for Palm TX. This device is slick and I highly recommend as it s more convenient to use rather than untangling the separate power and synch cables. 
Excellent Product. This is an excellent cd burner. I have purchased so many and all of them are great. I have no complaints and I feel that this product is 
SanDisk c150 MP3 player review. Nice product, but the forward reverse pause button is more difficult to use than the SanDiskm240 I previously was using  
Above The Rest!!. I was looking for more power and I found it!The IAudio6 is the best sounding most powerful MP3 for the buck.It take s a little getting used 
YYYAYYY!. It s very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother. Maybe it seemed a little quiet, but that depends 
Excellent service. I received excellent service and the product was very reasonably priced.James Clendeni  
very useful. A very useful tool with a great capacity andeasy to carry wherever you go  
Great space saver!. I like keeping all my stuff in one place, but don t like CD folders, so these slim cases are great. I accidentaly sat on one of 
Short term reliability. For the time being as I am in the process of purchasing a new computer, the USB device will work for my laptop, taking into consideration the 
iPod Armband. I have used this item frequently on solo marathon training runs. Works fantastic. A better buy than the Apple brand armband by far  
Games come to life with this kit!. This kit has greatly improved my gaming experience. Monster Cable is such a quality product. The picture is much clearer and crisp and 
Good Product. I ordered the product in order to be able to receive a wireless signal on my laptop from my home network in an outlying craft room in our 
MINIDISC IS FOREVER!!. This disc can hold up to 40 discs on one mini. The sound quality is perfect. These discs can be hard to find in the stores,but they 
Great product for the price. At a little over 400 the Toshiba 32DF46 is hard to beat. I was seriously considering a Flat panel or Plasma TV until I started 
GREAT ITEMS STILL!!!. Compared to the technology and color screen palm pilots and handsprings of today, THis is truley a classic and lasted long! IT s a great item for 
Great service. Thanks for the quick turn around on sending me the charger. You ROCK! :  
Worked without too much trouble in setup. I just bought an eMachines for a cheapie PC to work alongside my trusty G5. I had virtual PC but it rna like 
Great Deal! Lightning Fast Shipping!. Ordered the bench on a Saturday evening and it was delivered to my door on Tuesday afternoon.I am using it with a Casio WK3000 keyboard 
This calculator is a small miracle. Look at that price up there.This calculator is a sophisticated number-crunching gizmo that will handle 99 of standard calculator use. Need a feature that 
Explorist Mounting Bracket. Does what it is supposed to do. Can t complain till it quits doing what it is supposed to do  
I went through Atlanta without hitting traffic!. It s really great to get info on traffic conditions ahead and have the ability to route around it, It s the logical 
great Little IPOD. I now own an IPOD nano and this IPOD shuffle both are awesome. The Shuffle is great for jogs and long trips when you have to move 
great off air picture. I was really surprised with the off air reception. One of the reasons I have not bought an HDTV is that the picture tends to appear 
The only blank DVD s I ll use!. These DVD s burn well and play in all the DVD players I ve tried them in even a very finicky one 
Altec Lansing Speaker System. I bought this for my Sandisk MP3 and it is terrific. The sound is excellent. I do think I will buy the subwoofer. Music with a 
Good product - with two exceptions. I have had three of these watches in the past few years. They function well, do what they e supposed to do, and are 
It works!. I bought this to read my Smartmedia cards and it worked very well. As an added bonus it is also a nice looking product. It is sky blue 
Sweet little phone set. We have had these phones for a few weeks now, and have had no problems. I really like the smaller size of the handset, and the 
Good product. For the price these are excellent mounts. They come with mounting hardware for tons of different speakers. I used them to mount my Bose Acoustimass cube speakers to 
Franklin Speaking 11th Collegiate Dictionary. I like everything about this product, just wish its speaking was louder.  
Kitchen TV. I bought this to replace a 13 tube tv in my kitchen. What I gained was a larger screen plus relcaiming the counter space. The picture is good, 
Patience during setup really pays off. This remote does its job well. I had eight remotes to control the gear in my living room, and this thing took the place 
Ray s Review. The media was recorded at a high rate of speed and the qualite of the video was great.  
Insten Black Folding speakers. These speakers are GREAT. I use them with my Zune. They are convenient and sound quality is awesome. They were shipped to me in record time. 
Not bad for the price. I have used various other KVM s in the past ranging from home use to commercial applications, and this KVM for the price is quite 
MP3 player evaluation. It s a product will give you what you have paid for, but remember it s not an ipod  
Great Device - Confounding Instructions. I just got this iPod dock for my RX-V659. Popped it open. Plugged it in. And spent the next hour trying to figure out how 
Nice Case!. I ve been carrying my h4155 around in this case for the past month. The case works very well. The flap on the case is held down by 
Great System. This was the third phone I purchased as part of the SD7500 System. Amazon had an excellent price on the phone. Similar to the other two, including the 
Works only with powerful antenna. I tried six different antenna s and nothing worked until getting the C.Crane FM reflect from the NPR store. Now, crisp, clean, clear reception of 
 better than keeping the MD player in your pocket . This case worked out great, get the music going and forget that its even on your arm, good travel 
Great price on a great HP burner player. Same HP burner player that is 30 or more in the local stores.Installation was fast and easy.Nero software installed fast, very little 
Good cam with reasonable price. This is my 3rd web cam, and at last I can say I made a good choice this time. The frame rate is quite good 
It Works. It works. It doesn t do anything more than it was made to do. Can t say much else about it. Delphi makes good radios but the accessories 
Matte paper review. Great paper-The Epson printer worked just fine and the images on this paper were just like the photograph-Only thing is the price!!!!Should be lower-other than that this 
Great economy phone. If you re looking for fancy features and digital displays, please look elsewhere. But if you want a good strong basic no-nonsense cordless phone, you have found 
Dlink access point. Plugged it in, configured it and it worked. That is the best you can get. Almost did it all itself  
DVD-RAM review. These DVD-RAM disks are the only ones that record in my Panasonic TV, and are difficult to find in stores. Buying through amazon.com is fast, economical...and the disks 
Sony MDR-V150 Monitor Series Headphones. I wanted headphones with a substantial connecting cord of a decent length. These headphones fill that bill easily. The cord is over 6 feet in 
I m using it right now. My laptop has a 15 screen, and has great resolution. My company was going to give me a CRT as the monitor with the 
FOR GROWN UPS AND KIDS!!. This cuttie pink mouse its not only for little girls, no no, im a 24 year old who LOVES hello kitty and htis mouse is 
A fabulous piece of technological perfection!. The TI graph link has become an invaluable tool for superheroes and non-superheroes alike. It easy to use, large, and convenient for the super-nerd 
quality prouct & quality retailer. After reviewing several buyer s feedback on purchases of 15 LCD televisions, I was guided by the comments both negative & positive about several manufacturers 
Great Power Inverter. We have not had any problem with this unit. It has a fan which comes on as soon as it is turned on. However, it does not 
Helping people live the highlife; a tasty speaker at a tasty price!. The Phoenix Gold ATi6 in-wall speakers are an outstanding value at Amazon s price. The quality of materials 
Good Item-Should be included, though. When I bought my 3G 20GB iPod, this part was included. Fortunately when I sold the iPod, I forgot to include it, because we are 
A fine level of sound quality from tiny . First, let me confirm the other reviewers comments that the color isn t as shown. It s not, but it only 
Scotch brand Laser Lens Cleaner. I only purchase this brand now. I have tried other brands of laser lens cleaners and this is by far the best one. It is 
Excellent Microphone for the price. We ve been using the microphone that you plug in to the computer jacks, and we hated the noises, recetly upgraded to this Logitech USB 
Great value. This package of paper and film produces outstanding quality prints. It is easy to load the new film cartridge. Good choice for this Cannon printer  
Purchased for 78 year old mother. Automatic duplexing!. The machine is a good value, seems well built so far, and fairly easy to use if you don t mind learning 
Put it in your camera... Just got this card for my Canon Digital Rebel XT. It works great! I have purchased many SanDisk products over the last few years and 
Works for me. This product is awesome for people who cant afford a bigger battery for your psp.. It gives me 2 extra hours, 4 hours normal, when i charge 
Was looking for OXFORD english dictionary.... This is very slim and can be slipped into a book like a bookmark.It is lightweight and it has most of the stuff that 
Purchase of Monster Cable Component Video Cable. Satisfied with the product. The cable is currently being used to connect a Philips Digital Audio Video Surround Receiver to a Toshiba TheaterWide 
Worth It. Even if your radio head has an audio jack, get this adapter if you are interested in:1. iPod control from radio and or radio remote2. clearer and louder 
Huge storage and good r w speed. I have an EOS Digital Rebel and was looking for a memory upgrade, at first I thought to buy a 1Gb Sandisk memory, 
Great looks and sound. I have this radio for two weeks now. I am very satisfied with the reception of AM, FM and Short Wave -- very sensitive. Has great 
Selphy 730. This printer does an excellent job. The colors are vivid and the clarity isvery crisp. The only negative is you are restricted to the canon paper with end 
Just made for Macbook 13 . This product is really convenient for someone that wants to protect the laptop while carrying in a backpack with lot of other things. It 
Excellent value, great picture & sound. This TV is an incredible value! I ve owned it for over 6 months and never one problem. Initially, I installed my subwoofer to 
this thing rocks! it does what it is supposed to do... easy to hook up. you just need to charge the transmitter completely before doing anything else. btw, i did 
great. Great batteries for cameras. They charge quickly, and it s handy to keep the extra 2 spare in the charger and with me all the time just in case 
Great sound but a little difficult to fit over the ears. The headphones are great. The sound is great and I love the color. Only slight problem is the way 
im716 headphone review. I purchased these headphones because I needed isolation from noise and these did the trick. The sound quality is great and the quality of the headphones themselves 
Great Functionality, Cheap price. I bought this around 9 months ago for a very cheap price , and it has worked perfectly ever since. Don t pay too much for 
Epson R380 Printer. Great buy. Epson Co. selling the same printer for 20.00 more then Amazon sells it for. It works great and picture perfict  
THESE ARE EXCELLENT DVD BLANKS.VERY GOOD QUALITY. I FIND THE VERBATIM MEDIA BLANKS TO BE AN EXCELLENT PRODUCT.THEY ARE COMPATIBLE WITH A LARGE NUMBER OF COMPUTER BURNERS,AND HOME DVD RECORDERS,THAT 
Fantastic case!. After trying several different cases, including armband cases, easel cases, etc., and subsequently leaving scratches on the back of my iPod, I was pleasantly surprised by this one.My 
Quite pleased. Great sound, easy installation. Only negative is Mic and audio in share the same port  
Great Card. Bulk Packaging. As described at the top of this page, this is a bulk package card, meaning it doesn t come in a pretty package. All you get 
Space... the final frontier. Well, I have many of these discs and they are very useful. The quality is perfect.What makes them even better is that on some Sony mini 
good product. The sound from this card is definitely better thanwhat my IBM T41 laptop can put out. The T41 haspretty decent sound, but it cannot process soundin the sophisticated 
needed item. What can you say, if you have the cannon printer you have to have to have the cartridge. and original manufacturer product is the sure way to g 
Slick Slick Slick ;- . For this review, bottom line, it is a reasonable cost and does what it supposed to do ... it works. Works perfectly with my Yamaha 
Good Product. I just installed the Brother TN-580 toner cartridge. It was simple to install and prints like new  
Great box,but... Great boom box, but very heavy and BIG. If you intend to tote it back and forth from inside to out, I wouldget a smaller, lighter box. It 
All s well. This product contained the part I needed, was delivered w in a few days, and was a new product as discribed  
Great Product!. I don t bother charging my Zune from the computer any more. This is the only way to go  
burn them... without turning back. thats right .. not even a single coaster as many others said ... I did have one. but that was coz of some other reason 
It does all I wanted...and more. I needed a very basic palm around a 100. My main requirement was to keep my appointments and have something handy to write notes 
Quick Cam works great for price. This is a great inexpensive option as far as webcams go. I have purchased others with more features and a higher price tag, but 
The MZ-RH910 Works Great. The Sony MZ-RH910 comes with -PC Sonic Stage MD burning program- Stereo head phones-AC Power Adaptor-USB cable -1 Rechargable Battery-1Dry Battery Case-1GB Blank Disk . I 
Solid Quality - Simple, Easy to Install. Excellent construction, solid and stable - just as described. Nice and thin - close to wall. I m not much of a DIY-er 
Great batteries. This was the best deal I found on rechargable NiHM batteries and that too these are made in Japan by Sony. It has a capacity of 2300mAh. I 
My new Cruzer Profile. I just recieved my Profile in the mail, and I couldn t be more happy. It reads your finger print with a swipe of your finger, 
Great product, great service. Not much more to say. Like the brand, liked the service  
Buy the Apple USB Power Adapter. Yes, Apple should include this thing -- with the higher end iPods, at least. But they don t.The point of this post is to 
Fantastic Tuner but Audiophiles beware. I had been researching HD Radio for some time and was eager to hear it but since no retail store seems to be able to 
Great product but... This is a awesome product to use with the mentioned applications such as Google Earth, i bought mine specifically to use with Maya but... only reason im 
Great product for a scholar. Very good tool to have if you do a lot of reading  
Backup of my computors. This appears to be a good piece of equipment. I hav nt had any major outages as of yet but a minor fluctuation was handled very 
Best Mother Board ever.. Wow. this motherboard is awesome... you can do everything with it.. of course you need to have a good processor with this mother board because it 
Showcase Video 60. I got this for my 80gb ipod, and I really like it. I ve dropped my ipod a few times, and nothing happened to it. It protects 
Great for Crusing. I picked this up to use on a Mediterranean cruise since the outlets in cruise ship cabins are scarce and usually located right at the edge of 
Inexpensive and Works Well. I wanted an inexpensive cordless phone that would work well and I got it. Very satisfied  
Arrived as promised. Happy with product copier is very busy now I like to keep plenty of ink on hand  
It s not too bad. If you have previous experience in setting up VPN between two FVS318, this VPN software setup is piece of cake. It works fine for me 
Excellent purchace. Great size for home viewing. Easy to use, easy to store. Excellent picture quality  
Good but imperfect. Overall I was pleasantly surprised with this item. It is well-packaged, Targus have a section on their website that let you check if the tips will work 
HDTV Review - Sony KDL-32S2400. Overall I am very satisfied with this HDTV set. I am very pleased with it s ability to receive over-air HDTV broadcasts. Every local station 
AWESOME bass, not comfortable... I struggled between this and the shure e2c. I decided on the e2c, after comparing also with the etymotics r6i and the ultimate ears superfi3. This 
PMX 60. : Its the cheap and best phones with all good sound engineering. Love the around the neck design.-: Cord could be lengthy like Sennhiser HD202.  
Great wireless card. The main reason I got this card is because it working in Linux It has an atheros chipset , and it delivers. It works great, and the 
Excellent option to avoid camera cables. I bought this reader because I wanted to avoid having my camera and all its cable attached to my pc to download the pictures; 
great look, solid performance. fast, easy to use I m using Toast, instead of Nero that comes with the drive . Quite fast with Firewire connection. I see many users 
As Advertised. The other reviews have it pretty much right. The product is what it is. It is a nice way to hook your zune up to your speaker system 
Power UPS! Everything you need to know. First of all why do you want a power UPS? There are some very good reasons. 1 You never want your machine to 
Impressive. When I saw this component stereo system in a Good Guys store I was immediately impressed with the overall look of the thing. As I started toying with the 
Solved my issue. Lightning blew the ethernet port on my IMAC. I couldn t track down an old airport card, so I thought I d give this a shot. The 
BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I graduated from a 4 year old In-Focus projector,which served me very well, but this is an incredible jump up in quality. The old projector cost 5k!!! I 
Great Burner and very easy to use. This burner is so great and doesn t take too much space. we purchased it and never had any problems with it. It 
needs more detail. You will need to buy Map-source maps 100 to make this thing worth the purchase. I needed GPS for boating but the base maps are rudimentary, ie; 
increase the antenna height and the signal gets through. My Wireless network had some major dead spots, by relocating the antennas I was able to improve the coverage. This product 
Excelente Bolso. Caracteristicas que lo hacen excelente:- Espacioso.- Ligero- Protege el laptop- Duradero.Tal y como siempre se han categorizado los productos de TARGUS.EXCELENT  
GREAT VALUE. This cleaner rewinder has helped many of our videos last longer. I love being able to clean AND rewind them at the same time. Sometimes the mechanism sticks 
Best DVD Case Refills on the market and LEAST EXPENSIVE!. After much research I settled on the Case Logic DVD Wallet 140 Capacity and refill pages to add to the 
Hear The Difference. I ve read some different opinions of these phones and people have said they don t fit your head this is ridiculous since they re adjustable or 
JetAudio products are great. The A2 not only plays mp3 s but also ogg, wav, wma and frac formats way to go , but I belieave they can do a 
Overall good product. This product is a good choice for a reasonable price. My cons for this product are: Its as wide as a dvd player. I have seen other 
Excellent Value -- Wide range of functionality. This DVD player is a great, mid-range player that encompasses a wide variety of disc formats. One of the best features is that 
Great Value and Impressive Features. I bought the Ebookman 901 without knowing anything about it, and I have been very pleasantly surprised at how versatile it is. Just add a 
sound ok to me. these are just fine when used in conjunction with a separate subwoofer. they replaced a very fine set of ads monitors that I had for years 
Satellite radio indoors. The kit arrived complete and it does what it says it will do. I had a little trouble finding a window with good reception, and I m 
Product desciption could be more specific. I,ve seen complaints about the ac adapter you must plug in. Hey guys, try it without an outside energy source, I just hope I,m 
utility printer. Good printer,does a good job on printed matter,our daily download of comics,maps,etc. It also does suprisingly well on photos,although we also have a dedicated photo printer for large 
Worked well. This product worked very well, and was easy to hook up. For my use I had 3 video game systems using component video & optical audio, and the 
Nice Product. Easy set up. Admin page is simple to navigate and set up your network. Encryption is easy and fast. High speed good range. I recommend. I have owned 
Works well with Linux. The WG311T that I recieved worked out of the box with Ubuntu Linux 6.06 LTS provided I had network-manager-gnome installed . This card consistently receives a 
Nap feature and extendable snooze make this a winner. One thing I don t like about this clock radio is that it doesn t have a backup battery. Currently I 
Excellent quality!. Excellent sound - I just think that sometimes it could be easier to download movies  
Great Idea. This was not hard to setup, the only thing you need to remember is that it uses it s own file system. If you are intending on using 
Excellent kit, but not for everyone. Normally, I would never have bought this. However, I recently moved things around in my office and noticed that the AirPort Express input on 
Work on my MotorolaMpx220. I buy it just for use whit my cellphone, and works perfectly  
Almost Perfect - Slot in Bottom Too Narrow for Some Earphones. Very nice hard case with removable belt clip that inverts Nano so earphone jack is on top. Great for 
Does What it Should. I own this case and have been very satisfied with it. it DOES have a belt loop, which is a piece of fabric about 1 inch 
Great case if you want to put your laptop inside another bag. This is a great case if you want to put your laptop inside another bag when you travel. 
Intel Core 2 Duo E6600 2.4 GHz Processor LGA775 . What can I say? It is state of the art and runs literally cool! 27-30 C.on a ASUS P5W DH 
The Most Advanced PC programmable Remote for the . I have an elaborate Home Theater setup with high end & pro audio equip. Plasma HDTV, Digital Cable Box, DVD, MP3 
2 gb Olympus xd memory card. Received exactly what I ordered at a fair price  
Great!. Great to have handy in the car. It charges the Gizmo Zen M 60 GB super fast! And it s pretty, too, if you care. Snow white  
Great Price on Amazon. Even better LCD TV!. I was a little skeptical about purchasing a big ticket item like a 46 LCD online however all my fears were relieved 
Great Boombox. Hey, this is a very good box. good price, good delivery. Amazon does it again  
Very pleased with Sony flash memory card!. This product works great. Very happy with the flash memory card and would recommend it to others  
Wojnderfully Comfortable Earbuds. Omigod!The reviews from CNET and others are spot on!The buds that came with my Samsa e260 were far too big and hurt to wear.These are perfect!Deep Velvet 
Great little travel speaker system for the iPod!. I bought my iPAL two years ago to take with me when I travel particularly airplane travel . I can throw this 
Very Useful Video Adaptor for the iBook. I have used this Apple video adaptor with my iBook about a dozen times with two different televisions and it has worked flawlessly. 
Use your imagination and the price can t be beat. This product is a great deal. The problem with its shakiness can be easily solved with a little imagination. Get 
I like it a lot!!!. it s stable and when you plug your earphone in it won t come out easily which is good and the sound come from the 
takes a licking...and keeps on ticking. just the like the reviewer below, i accidentally put my cruzer through the washer...AND the dryer. i pulled it out after my clothes finished 
toughskin really tough. It works well to protect my ipod and it is light weight. It feels a bit rubbery so that the ipod does not slip in my hands 
They all work!!. This is the second time I got a 100-disc spindle of the memorex 16x DVD R. It s been very reliable. Every single disc in the previous 
Good corded headset. I have a couple of these, one I bought about two years ago, the other last month.What can I say? It works for me. It is comfortable, 
Well worth the money. One thing you will read in reviews when people first use the IM716 headphones is a complaint about how they hurt the listeners ears while running. 
Works Perfectly. I bought 3 sets of these for my entertainment center. They work flawlessly. I laugh at people who purchase Monster Cables. These work just as good, and if 
Great product-slingbox tuner. Great box, really handy. i travel a lot so this helps me not have to readjust my times as much for when programs are on, what channels, 
Philips HTS3400 perfect for the price. Hi,I recently got this system from overstock.com and put it with the Philips 23 flat screen LCD TV I bought from Amazon.com. Together these 
bang for the buck!. i bought this last summer, originally wanting a new 5 disc changer and saw that it had a recorder built in, i use it almost on 
Nice little case. This is a nice little case. The cover is heavy duty. the pages are just typical vinyl not real great but they do hold up  
Best iPod with one problem. I got this because love the color scheme of this iPod Red and Black! but I don t really want the autograph signings of U2 
Good Buy. Works like a charm, produces labels quickly and flawlessly. Only drawback is the Operation is not intuitive and reading the operation guide is necessary to work out the 
Works with Win98!. My biggest concern when looking for a card reader was that it work on my Win98 not SE machine. Ive only used it with Compact Flash but 
Better than my old Belkin model. It s speedy and space saving and inexpensive. I bought this to replace my Belkin because the Belkin needed to be plugged in. This 
Highly Versatile. I got an Olympus 700-series camera 3 years ago and this camera uses AA cells instead of a battery pack. It also drinks batteries like water if you 
Targus Laptop Backpack. Good product. Could be better organized. The pockets need more closures or zippers  
Learn from my loss. Previously purhcased a USB Firewire enclosure from eBay. It ran so hot that it destroyed my drive and data . Friend recommended this Acomdata unit and 
Very Impressed Overall. Things that I like: 1 The option to tile the front of the keyboard up makes typing much more comfortable. I was a skeptic about it before 
Great Item. Excellent hardrive. Wouldn t choose another brand. Not bad size for 400 gig. Great price. Love Amazon  
works as advertised - very happy with this product. I am a professional composer musician and needed something to provide an interface between my ibook g4 running garageband 3 and 
Works perfectly!. I ve had this card for about 1 1 2 years now and it has performed flawlessly. It has seen thousands of photos no exaggeration! on my digital 
Reception to the Max!. I bought an HDTV in December and have been getting by pretty well with my RCA antenna which was 30 bucks, but I m now adding 
No more wires and clean sound on my Delphi Myfi. I had this FM direct adapter along with a Arkon SR88s 15 Flexible Gooseneck Steel Mounting Pedestal installed in my 
Works perfect with my nikon camera. I was looking around for a new card for my wife and this one fit the bill. It works and I don t see 
nike ipod sports kit. i like this product a lot. its a great way to track all of your workouts, and the online journal is pretty cool. the only thing 
I ve not used it yet but its a good idea to STAY PROTECTED. I like to purchase service or replacement contracts on all my electronics needs, just set back 
Ultimate Ears Metro.fi 2 Earphones. I just received my Metro.fi2 headphones through Amazon.com this morning and I m very impressed with these headphones right out the box. I also own 
Great value. These are great little microphones -- excellent for an environment where they might get lost, taken, or ruined like school  
Works Great. Had some problems getting it working at first. However, tech support was very helpful. Don t use the default auto for channel. Pick a specific channel. Much better 
Does what it s supposed to do... No problems... seems to work great. They don t look fancy but they get the job done  
Jake. Excellent product. Easy setup. The on screen setup is easy to follow, especially the balance of the speakers. Works great with DirecTV HD receiver and Sony plasma TV  
Non-standard headset jack. The headset jack which other reviewers say is broken ornon-functional is in fact a non-standard 4 connector jack mostheadset jacks are 3 connector, one for earphone sound, 
It is a good printer. I am really tired of bubblejet printer due to the ink drought very fast, So I choose the laser printer this time. All the functionality 
Thumbs up. Item was as advertized & delivered timely, plus was less expensive than from Apple. Would use this vendor again  
excellent. the cable works like it should and its at a great price. not much else to say about it  
THIS is how a clock-radio should be. I bought this primarily as an alarm-clock-radio, so sound quality was not my main concern. So why did I shell out a hundred 
worth trying. despite misgivings concerning several reviews on the hk cd changer i bought it in an attempt to gain better remote compatability with my other hk equipment. hk has 
Great Scanner. Organized my business cards over 800 in one morning. Some verification is necessary from odd cards but otherwise it was a breeze  
Surprised what a difference this makes. Much more pleasant working on laptop. I bought this laptop stand when I found out that my laptop could drive dual screens so I 
Works fine. I personally don t see any problem with this product. It is easy to put in a new cartrige and to take on out. However the cartridges do 
Panasonic DMR-ES45VS. I am 58 years old and am still looking for knobs instead of buttons....I gave this unit a four star because I have only had it for two 
Worked fine for me with my TI-86. They say it won t work with the TI-86, but it worked fine for me. Was able to access and download upload files 
T-amp - increadible sound. Great sound form small box.Nice platform for tweaking.Good power needed  
Makes ripping old media simple. The USB Hookup and the Line-In jack have made this a surprisingly easy task to rip from both LP s and Cassettes thru my stereo 
awesome. I reaazlly have enjoyed the ear buds, they are very comfortable and the sound is amazing. I purchased 2 pairs one was a gift for a friend  
Does what it needs to do... I have only used this a couple of times but it has worked well and is fater than downloading pictures from the camera.  
Archos 604 - 30GB Rocks!. Very slick, easy to use and a great way to squash a long plane flight! I started off listening to my down loaded music, switched 
Cost Specialist. We really loved the item. The size of the Flash drive is perfect! We have a tight spot to insert the driver and this item fits perfect  
Best yet... I ve shaved with electric razors for many years. I had Brauns before the 360. I ve never had a closer, smoother shave from an electric razor. I 
Well-designed. These headphones, while simple, possess all the features that I could ask for. The ear-clips are firm enough to hold your ear but not so tight that they pinch 
The Very Best For the Money !!!. If you have or are buying a big screen this is a must. This will make the most of your viewing. I plan 
Very Durable!!. The reason I picked this one out of all the other cases was because where the laptop sat was in a zipped up compartment. I also really like 
Excellent product at a great price!. Well, memory sticks are always been expensive ever since. Only Amazon can give you an unbeatable price for this amazing product  
Good box, does the job. I m pleased with this. Not being a high-tech type, we still had several devices that competed for one A V input. Instead of cable 
Superior quality and performance. The CS70 is an excellent product, easy to setup and use and good battery life  
Has worked great for two years . I ve had this for over two years now and it has worked great and done everything as promised. I run and cycle 
Cute little radio. My wife and I like to listen to AM talk radio and some FM as well, in the evenings. We are spending a lot of time at 
great deal. these headphones are in my experience probably the best buy if you want good quality and will only settle for new. they are great for loud or soft 
Decent. I got these because my roommate had them and they re cool. They re a little tight, but my head s small enough. There s another Amazon page for 
Great Value!. I love this DVD player. A huge step up from my old one, which was not a progressive scan. I didn t have too difficult of a time 
Great. This case is perfect for the MacBook Pro, your investment will be well protected, If you have trouble fitting your charger, you will find a pouch that will go 
A must have for using multiple sources, not worth it for HD alone. Don t buy the Sling HD connect cable - more accurately referred to as a component video 
Response to review about will not run on DC power. This product works perfect...and was a great price especially with the rebate....To the person with the problem making the unit 
This is a great machine!. I ve only had this machine for a few days. It took me about 1 2 an hour to figure it out. I ve cleaned 
Verbatim DVD R x16. I have used many brands of discs & these have less failure rates & burn clearly - Highly reccommend the  
Good Sound Quality. I was surprised by the cost and the size, but the sound quality is pretty decent for these speakers  
Tablets are cool. This is great for anyone interested in digital visual art of any form, whether it be photography or comic making. Tablet styluses are easier to control compared 
Good works perfect!. This product work perfect!Thaddeus J. PorrasPanama Rep. of Panam  
Great purchase. I bought the boom box and the car kit. The FM Modulator has a much better reception than when I have it in the boom box at home. 
The Jam Studio is underrated. I m a computer artist and use the jam studio a bunch. Yes there are driver issues. If you tinker with it some you re 
Great for the noisy office. I got these because of construction going on at my office. I didn t have the budget to buy the big boys, or even the 
Excellent har ddrive with blazing speed. I built computers as a side-business and I have owned HD s from all the maor companies. So, I know what a good hard 
easy easy easy. This disc player is great. It is easy to install and has a great sound. I really like the random feature. I never know if Frank Zappa 
A Must Have for the iRiver. I bought this arm band after trying to use the one that came with my iRiver, and it is soo much better. I wear 
IPOD AC DC Charger Adaptor. Functionally, this works fine. Compact design, AC plug folds in for a smooth case, easy to pack, hard to damage, and since there is no 
A must for the best home theater sound!. Accept no other! Monster cable has the best cables money can buy! Price might be more than other cables, but worth every 
cd player. I am happy with the purchase of this cd player. It is a good simple cd player that I expect hours of listening to in my home gym. 
Keeps my key PC from suffering hard shutdowns. At my house, during rain storms, there will often be a quick flash of the lights as a branch somewhere falls on 
It s Worth the Money!. I got this player a month ago and have been enjoying it very much. The picture and sound quality of this player is great! Complaints 
Amazing. Well, first off, let me say overall I am extremely pleased with these headphones, as they are a great deal at this price. The quality of the sound, both 
really nice!. the color is a nice bright pink, so hopefully this is what you want. The mouse is kind of small, which is nice if you have small girl 
great value. Bought this for my seven year old. It is simple to use and he can load songs easily without help. The controls are easy to use and the 
Great Radio. I had this radio in my car and worked great. It is a Clear talker ... but remeber , to recieve and transmit well you must have a 
IPod to Go!. I originally bought the CDA-9856 and exchanged it for this CDA-9857 model. Why? I have a 30 Gig IPod and it s difficult to dial through all 
It really works! 100 clear digital signals! You will LOVE IT!. I do live somewhat close to L.A Calif but I did not expect to get the signal and quality 
Works Great. This Casio isn t as full featured as the big boys, for sure. But for down and dirty text only labeling on my DVD s it works great! 
Excellent Bluetooth Receiver!. While certainly not a cheap unit, this device is worth every cent. It basically has all the high-end features you expect in a Premier deck, but it 
First impressions. I have only had this for 4 weeks, so I have not tried out all of the possible combinations, but so far it meets all of my expectations 
Excellent Laser Pointer. This laser pointer is a high quality, sturdy laser pointer. It is very bright and you can even see the green path of the laser going through 
I love this player!. For those of you who bought MiniDisc recorders to move away from analog tape recording, this product is wonderful. Especially good for recording lectures, voice lessons, 
Just what it says. This is a great card adapter. The user who thought it would convert an xD card to a Compact Flash was misinformed and their rating should 
Excellent hardware at excellent prices. I purchased an AMD Athalon 64 processor 3200 Socket 939 from this person and was quite satisfied. It was sold at an exceptionally low price, 
Pioneer - They Are Always The Best !!!. Got the product a few days after the payment had been done on the site.The installation process is very easy and quick. 
Great Deal here!. these are good DVD R cheap too a they look like their double layers for burning each side works fine with my Burner great product  
My Book Pro. Very easy installation. Could have been four stars for the power button not working reliably and the drive was becoming mysteriously unavailable in it s first weeks 
Works Great. Brought this product for my kid, ended up using it whenever I got time, feels nice and smooth, not disappointed at all  
A Great Way to Expand Range. This equiptment does require a solid speaker amp set up. This will give you the capability to blow out cheaper speakers due to a 
very good product, very good price. Well made: well engineered and fabricated; heavy duty construction with a nice powder coat finish. Adjustments are heavy duty and positive. Best of all, 
Just what I wanted!. This bag is just pefect! I purchased it for my Dell Inspiron 6400 and, although the fit was pretty snug, I am very pleased with the 
Good for the price. These are just fine for what your going to pay for them. To get it a much better speaker your going to have to open up 
A must for AirTunes. Item works great, however, dd the remote only works if its in line of sight of the receiver  
Skullcandy- bang for your buck. Upper end audio quality in ear phones for cheap. I love being able to move and work without them falling out, the accompanying sleeves really 
painless installation, Vista x64 compatibility. I was having trouble finding a compatible print server. This was the first that I found that works on XP, Vista, and Vista x64 with 
Good Product. This is a good product. I didn t like the fact that it isn t found in stores, but what are you gonna do? I like the fact 
My review. The item arrived quickly and was very simple to set up. The TV mounted to it as it should and it works great.I recommend this product  
True plug-and-play. I used Lexar Media Multi Card REader in my P2120 Fujitsu laptop via a USB 2 PC-Card adapter. It s truly plug-and-play without any need of drivers in 
received product. came as promised & is working great. Living in FL we needed this & now feel much safer  
Sony CNE330. The 50 hour battery life of this portable CD player is only one of it s many features. I love mine and use it daily  
Perfect mouse for traveling - 2 thumbs up!. This mouse has made traveling with my laptop so much easier. Even though I tend to be an avid user of the 
Working beautifully. We had a Linksys WRT54 for a couple of years and I thought that it was doing a nice job. Did some research about what could be a 
Great Deal. Hardware was A breeze to install.took about 20 minuets including the bay.Same for the software, no problems.Sound Quality is much improved over my old live card.In battlefield 2 
A great speed demon. This will greatly increase the speed of tranfer, from your i-paq to your desktop PC. Just imagien tranfering the averge files in around eight seconds. When 
Casual user -- 50 discs in 6 months --not one coffee-cup mat. Excellent flawless -- works great on my PC s Sony burner. Highly recommend. No coasters yet  
BUY THIS!. After over a dozen different types of headphones used over the years with casette, cd, even the PC when I want to feel the gunshot from an alian 
Functional, affordable. Does fine as a carrying case. The seat suspension system works OK but is somewhat cumbersome to set up. Worked fine for my 8 inch screen portable DVD 
Good player, but has it s bugs. The I bought the MZ-RH910 one year ago and so far it has been the most convenient player around. The player itself is 
Excellent. As a competitive SC gamer, this is the best mouse I ve ever had. Nice simplistic design and astonishing smoothness and accuracy. The side buttons take a few days 
so far so good.. after getting this a few weeks ago, i have been wondering why i didn t get one a long time ago. i ve already backordered the 
Excellent Bang for the Buck! - OSX. This scanner worked flawlessly out of the box with my new Intel Powerbook. It took only a couple of minutes to unpack it, 
Great Deal for the Price. I am no expert, but I am very happy with this purchase! They work great, great fit and sound, perfect for me  
Good Machine for the Money. I just received this machine and overall am very pleased with its performance. It is quiet, can easily handle multiple sheets at a time, and 
Exactly what I ordered. Other than the fact that it came with only a USB cable and earphones, it was brand new in the box and was just what I 
Turn your iPod into a big screen movie player. Just great. Easy to use and plugs into any TV. The S-video quality is the same as TV quality and almost 
This product rocks!. I bought this so I could get rid of all of the CDs in my truck and have my entire music selection with me. My Armada has 
So easy a caveman can do it. Very easy to install, runs fast and quiet. I highly recommend this drive. Just make sure you have a USB 2.0 port available 
Does the job. Works as advertized and holds at least 30 sheets. Easy to use. Does not jam easil  
Wireless Phone Jack. Great item for homes lacking phone jacks. Easy to set up.Better than trying to hard wire  
Samsung 244T High Res. Monitor. I was looking for a larger high resolution Monitor, one that would let me use my ATI HDTV Wonder Tuner Card in my Pentium 4 
Great Reception. I bought this Antenna and we are 30-40miles from the TV transmitters. It gave great reception and we received all the channels possible! It was also the lowest 
Excellent. Good quality, good power to clean computers, i don t use it as a vaccum, pretty good product.  
Great headphones with one small gripe. These headphones sound great, and they are really comfortable. The only gripe is that the neck band is not adjustable but that is only 
BUY!. I used this on a Panasonic DVP 5960 dvd player and HDTV. Picture quality is good, cable quality is good  
Ok for the price. I picked up my pair at Fry s on sale for 80 a few years ago. Initially they replaced my BSR points if you rememba them 
Fully Satisfied. The transaction was easy and the response was immediate. I received the product well within the time it was expected and I have been happy with the memory 
Bike Mount for 201 Forerunner. The bike mount works great! No problems with it of any kind  
What s not to love?. This DVD player is gorgeous! I use it with my Samsung 50 Widescreen HDTV. I ve been using Netflix, and sometimes the DVD s are 
On the Contract. If you buy this service plan, print out the contract and keep your receipt. I did not purchase the plan, but looked over the contract intensely since 
Great cooler!. This works great for my laptop, especially while gaming! I would start it when you sit down, rather then waiting for your laptop to get warm and then 
Excelente televisor lcd. He estado disfrutando de este tv por alredeor de 5 dias, la imagen es muy buena, facil de instalar, lo unico que se deberia mejorar es el 
Very good hardware, substandard software. This is a TV card I used to replace my aged Lifeview FlyVideo98FM card, so I could watch record Trinidad & Tobago games from TV 
imagine that u play your favorite game without this keyboard. helloas i said this keyboard made my play a lot easier with the shortcute that it have on it and 
amazingly good for the price. I wasn t expecting much, to be honest, but when I plugged this into my usb on my work computer and listened, the sound was 
Perfect for jogging. I clip to my shorts and I m ready for my workout. Great to not have to buy an armband holder  
good price. Just not sure it is needed. good price. Just not sure it is needed  
Blu-ray movie availability. If you are looking for an honest way to decide which player to buy, try this Go to Netflix and look at the number of Blu-ray movies 
Great support, great product - no luck on Mac w Canon 4200. As of Dec 06, I have owned this for about 8 months and I m impressed with the 
Good 16 gauge speaker wire. I can verify again that this is indeed 16 gauge wire. This size works very well for small-medium satellite speakers. I am using this wire 
Maxell DSR-1 Pro Disc Fixer. This is a nice machine. Not hard to use, with switching of cleaner disks. It does the job of cleaning and repairing subject problems. But 
Panasonic Telephone Accessory Handsets. Great!!!! Will definitely consider ordering other items on Amazaon. Again, many thanks. Very satisfied with my order  
BELKIN XM Antenna Headphones Helix Pioneer Inno F5X002. I purchased the Samsung Helix XM radio for listening at home and also as a portable. The antenna built into the radio 
A Great Value. We ordered the system for our granddaughter s ninth birthday. We could not be more pleased with it. The price was less than what we had expected 
Roller Laptop Case. Wonderful case. The single telescoping handle is much better for me that the U handle type and the wheels are maybe the best I ve seen  
Not a general but worth the the five stars. Well worth the five stars I gave it, its a cannon dont have to say any thing more.Price is right.Shipped fast,right 
Nice camera. I bought this camera to check on my apt while I am working. So far I am quite satisfied with it. Setting up the remote internet access is 
Works out of the box on 15.4 MacBook Pro. Opened it up, put it in the ExpressCard slot, plugged in my external LaCie HD and it started working immediately. No 
Pretty solid product. Solid product, just a little disappointed in the latching mechanism for the dvds. DVD almosts falls out too easily, but then again, other than transporting them, they 
High Sony quality...high Sony pricing. Memory Sticks have always been great technology from day one. The Pro models are no exception. They have fast transfer speeds and are very reliable.Of 
Works as expected. I have a Dell Axim X50v PDA which has build-in Bluetooth. I originally was hooking up the GPS-360 to the X50v using the included cable. I was 
Nice features for the price. I use it to listen to talk radio in the kitchen and it works well for that. It does have trouble picking up some weaker 
This product is fantastic!!!. I bought this product expecting marginal at best GPS functionality on my Axim X51v but was astounded at how well the product worked. My family and 
Review by a Runner. I ve been running with this for about a month now in Kuwait. It s my new running buddy! It has many options for running training. 
Easy to use. I haven t had a weather alert yet, so I can t testify to it s reliability, but it was easy to program and has loud alarm. 
Great SD Case. This case to hold Secure Digital cards is a great solution for keeping these cards together. It is not as nice as my aluminum Sony Memory Card 
Its Good to Have. I like this all in one product it satisfies all my needs. I believe it s good product for home use definitely. Still I don t 
Awesome!. These speakers pump! They sound great and can be used for almost anything since they accept multiple input sources. The subwoofer is HUGE though. Make sure you have space 
Black is beautiful. I was waiting to get a sony walkman which can play CD-R RW, MP3. Happy that I got this one. Plays MP3 based on folders, not genres. 
almost perfect. The case is almost perfect. If it had a way to store the headphones it would exactly right  
Great little radio mp3 player. Everything works great. The only marginal issue is that the batteries don t last a full eight hours. It works in the car but cuts 
Work well for their purpose and their price . These buds are definitely a step up from the standard iPod buds. They stay in your ears much more easily without 
Great Value. I got this calculator for my son in school. It has worked well and my son learned to use it quickly  
Brother MFC-7420. Fast shipping from amazon. The printer is easy to setup but a littlenosiy when printing. Also I saw the same printer in Office Depot on sale for 30 
Couldn t be Easier to Use!. This computer lock is extremely easy to use and easy to reset the combination. The dials turn very easily, unlike the earlier version with 
Texas Instruments TI-83 Plus Graphing Calculator. On time delivery with well packing condition.Price was also good with no tax & free delivery  
GREAT!!!!. Few days ago I ve bought it in Best Buy for... 40.99 plus tax!!I was very happy with it and saw on Amazon the same one for only 34!!!!So 
This is my fourth Sony DVD player, and easily the best. The very first DVD player I bought was Sony s very first 5 Disc DVD changer back in 1998. 
Better than my old Belkin model. It s speedy and space saving and inexpensive. I bought this to replace my Belkin because the Belkin needed to be plugged in. This 
Excellent small mouse!. Works fine on my iBook. Love the size and responsiveness. Good value  
Great TV for the bedroom. I bought this TV last week to my bedroom and i just love it, the picture is great, have a lot of imput easy to 
Purchase of Monster Cable Component Video Cable. Satisfied with the product. The cable is currently being used to connect a Philips Digital Audio Video Surround Receiver to a Toshiba TheaterWide 
Great. This is exactly what it appears to be. A thin, space saving great sounding stere  
Good as they get. I ve been driving a Logitech Momo black for about 3 years, and loved it. Until now.This new wheel, pedal, and gearshift set is, in a 
Best Printer I ve ever had!. In my home office I ve have had a number of printers over the past 10 years. This is the best! I checked out 
bulky but does the job. i have a card reader slot in my computer, but i purchased this to keep in my camera bag just in case i want to 
A Remarkable Radio!. I purchased a Cobalt Cherry version of the Model One radio back in 2003 to replace the annoying junk radio that a co-worker had for us to 
external hard drive. I needed extra space for pictures and musis downloads this was just right not too expensive and large enought to fit the purpose  
great quality product; great price. this was my first receiver; it was very easy to setup, sound quality is great  
Fair price nicer performance. This is a fair priced equipment, nice for homes and regular internet activity, work s best with windows xp, i took it out of the box 
Lasted Four Years - I weep for Palm. I am filled with feelings of anger and despair as I see the once great Palm Corporation in its death throes. I 
Great Memory, package is to big. Works great, easy to install. The only problem was that the package was to big and due to the fact that I used a 
Excellent add on for charger unit. I bought these batteries along with the Sony BCG-34HE4 Super-Quick Worldwide Battery Charger with 4 AA NiMH Batteries. Exellent charger, excellent batteries. A real 
If only it were always this easy... Product exactly as advertised, billing painless and super duper fast shipping. Incredibly stoked about the transaction  
A Must for Disaster Kits, Emergencies or Camping. Living in central California, the most probable emergencies we face in OUR AREA are earthquakes and power outages. The Eton FR250 should 
Great for basic home use. If you re looking for a very basic copier to make the occasional black and white copy this unit is fine. It makes very clean 
Works great, but one small drawback. The drive works well, and certainly as advertised. It is readily accessible from the network, appears to be realibale, and is acceptably fast.The issue 
Great card at a great price. This card is great. Even though the item s packaging says Sandisk, the card was stamped Olympus which allows me to use the panorama 
great sound. Great sound.. much better than the stock ipod earphones or buds.Knocked off one point because they are slightly too large. The sound more than makes up for the 
Does the Job, but not Blown Away. I bought this to replace the aging micro center channel speaker I had been using for years. And while this is a definite 
Warning! It s for the new iPod!. The description for this product says something like &quot;fitted with the industry standard firewire port, to work with older iPods.&quot; This in direct 
yo. I want to give a shoteout to Jorda  
Pleased. We purchased 2 of these recently -- putting one on the wall. One of our main criteria was that the screen info could be read easily. We are very 
Worth Every Penny. The Speck Nano SkinTight Deluxe w Holster is everything you could ask for in a case. Its very sturdy, durable. There are some hitches, though. First, its 
Overall good mouse, with some quirks. I have been using this as my primary mouse for about a month, and am generally happy. I plan to continue using it for 
This Thing Is Great!. I recently bought a wireless video streamer a 5.8 gHz that was supposed to also make my remote work in another room. It didn t. The 
good printer. I bought this printer because it was recommended by consumer reports magazine. It prints well, scanner and copier is good. It also prints good photos. For this price, 
Great hub - just a few minor issues. PROSSmallCuteSelf-powered - comes with a power adaptor. I have 6 devices hooked up to it, including 2 USB Hard Drives, and it 
Try hard. This is a remote worth owning. You do have to try hard to program it to some of the new combination machines i.e. VCR and DVD combo, but 
COOL!...huh?.. WOW!. For you people who don t like to read rants people write in here, here are the pros and cons.proscomfortable cushy earcups great sound bass is deep and 
I am pleased... I have been looking for a device to expand the capabilities of my XM2GO. I took the iMX2 with me camping last weekend and it worked great. 
Perfect for your studio with the HP Photosmart Pro B9180. More a review of the printer than the ink. This ink is the perfect match with HP s Advanced Photo 
Works great. The card works great in my camera. What more is there to say  
Hits the Spot!. Wireless is the way to go!When I put any of my wireless controllers down on the table they look like they belong there and not out of 
Great Product. You can almost completely stop those peeping toms with this filter. While it is not 100 effective, it does block or blur most of the view from people 
Wow! Can I give it 7 stars?. I am glad that there are real software programmers out there that truly know what they are doing. The maps are accurate and 
Fantastic Add-On for iPod Mini. I have my iPod hooked up to the stereo on my motorcycle. The iPod stays tucked away in a safe place, and the remote gets 
Do Not Buy This From J&R!. J&R charges 28 for shipping on this item! I even called them to have the obvious typo corrected they had a rude attitude with 
Excellent Buy. Not as easy to use as a larger Panasonic I used to own butotherwise fine. Good sound. Using CD player and radio.Buying via Amazon as usual is super 
256MB Memory Stick Pro Black Magicgate Compatible. great product at great rate. highly recomended to buy from amazon. no one can beat that. i check the prices every where but 
Excellent...a must have for the normal listener!. If you re looking for a real Boom-Box ,as in those 70 s models with the huge bass, pass this up! If you 
Zaurus battery. I think the battery is fine, but the Sharp Zaurus is power hungry. A spare battery may be a necessity if you plan to use your Zaurus all 
Nice. I think these are very nice headphones for the above average listen. Every serious music fan needs to have a nice set of headphones. These are great they are 
outstanding. This CB radio has an outstanding performance, but beware of the low volume on the internal speaker, just as an advice you should also buy an extension speaker, there 
Good stuff. We bought this microphone to facilitate recording meeting minutes. It works well in a conference room setting w say, 10 to 12 people. We connect it to a 
Clean, clear, and good price. This is my first foray actually it was a gift into Polk Audio merchandise. I am pleased with the crisp, clear, and detailed high frequency 
Terk 50 outdoor extension antena Sirius . I was getting so frustrated losing my signal to my Sirius Sportster until I purchased the Trek 50 extension antena. I moved and 
Nice Leather Carrying Case -- Recommended. It is always chancey to buy something judging by its online pictures, but I made a good choice for me in selecting this case. 
Mini Speakers with a boom. I Love these little guys. I have them on my desk to as a desktop sound system only. I don t use them as a 
Great Camera, does everything I expected. A great web camera for the price. Plug in the ethernet and power cable, and you are nearly ready to go. Note that you 
More than I expected. I ordered this hoping for a protective yet sleek and fashionable bag. I bought the Miami messenger bag and have been very pleased with it. When 
great addition to a great camera. I recently ordered this for a week long trip I was planning to Olympic National Park. WOW what a great find. I didn t 
Great sound quality, but silly design. Great, crisp, full Sennheiser sound in a small package. I am using this on my 20GB Creative Zen Touch and my HP laptop, sounds 
An easy entry point for beginners. After a year of guitar, I was interested in a little musical cross-training. I had been looking at these keyboards at some of the 
Player is Great, but hope you never need support from COWON... This would have received a 5 if it weren t for the horrible customer service from COWON. Buyer beware, 
Awesome. This adaptor is great, especially for the price. Installation was as easy as it gets, right out of the box. I had it up and running through a WEP-enabled 
Nice Drive - Sony DRX-810UL. I m really happy with this drive. Installation was quick and easy. I ve made a few copies of DVD disc on Verbatim 16X DVD-R 
Yamaha reciever. I just bought this item 1 week ago and i love it. I replaced my pioneer reciever which finally gave way. It is easy to use and the 
Great HDMI. this dvd player is exactly what i was looking for. i have had no problems so far with the player. the main reason i got the player was 
Bought two of them. I bought two of these radios for my two sons and they have both said it is a great product with magnificent sound quality. I would 
Superb!!!. I bought this card after I got a Logitech Z-2300 speaker system. It made a huge difference in the overall listening experience. Highly recommend it, especially if you re 
ONLY CDR s I EVER Use!. I started burning my own CDR s 5 years ago when I finally got a stereo-unit CD burner. I ve mainly only been making 
no complaints. What is there to say?...it s great ink. I use it in my Epson 2200. My only wish would be the cost being lower. :  
My Samsung LNS4041D 40 LCD HDTV. I have had this TV now for over three weeks. I have to say that I am very satisfied with the product. The TV 
Strange shipping policy!. Amazon offers free shipping on all of Canon s BCI-6 inkjet inks except the red & green colors which also ship directly from Amazon. When asked, I 
Great wall stereo. Looking great on the wall in the bathroom, just the thing I was looking for, very stylist and not too big. If it came with mp3 it 
Definitly worth it if you want the best. This cable isn t cheap. So why pay so much for it? Why not just buy a cheap s-video cable? Because the 
PERFECT. I ve owned 2 sets of these types of phone systems. A GE set and a 2.4 gig Uniden set.This is by far the best. Actually, it s perfect. 
Great dock for price!. This is a good deal at the low Amazon price. The only problem I had was the USB cable that came with the unit was defective. 
Can t hear the television!. Blocks out enough noise that I can hardly hear my boyfriend blasting the TV at night, but can still hear the alarm clock by my 
Great price, easy to use!!. I bought this for my folks for Christmas. It took no time at all to hook up, and making DVDs was simple. Everything from recording 
skullcandy. best earbuds ever. cann t beat the price and the sound is fenomenal  
Good Headphone. I initially bought it from Fry s for 79, then I searched amazon, after I saw the price with free shipping I bought it right away and returned 
great product. the privacy filter does what it says. although it doesn t totally black out your screen from an angled view, it is dark enough not to be able 
Holy crap it s great. I mean seriously, I m running a Ubuntu box here. With other card-type things, sometimes I d have to modify or find drivers and wrappers 
Great perfomance and value for money. Great DVD player. Bought a non-branded machine 1-year previously at Best Buy for 100 that promptly expired as soon as the warranty ended. For 
WE LOVE IT!. I purchased this item to take with me on a trip across the U.S. My husband and I were able to send postcards, with our pictures and 
Nice case over-all. Improve shoulder strap feel and look. sleeve fits xps gen2 like a glove but if your in a hurry to remove laptop the zippers will drag your 
A Keyboard Worth Noting. After purchasing 12 of these for our educational institution, I find they work very well in our classroom environment. Aside from being very cost effective, they 
What You See is What You Get. Don t expect great audio quality from these speakers, or any discernible stereo separation. But you do get a reasonable speaker for the 
pretty in pink. I love my new keyboard and mouse, the bright pink makes your day a little brighter. Works great and is fun to use  
Great addition to a Fuji digital camera. This card is a vast improvement over the original XD series cards, with much faster write and read time. Having 1gb of storage 
Solid little mouse. The appearance and feel of this mouse is top notch. The only weakness was that the installation CD did not contain an OS X native software. The 
Very good quality for the price. I purchased this printer with the intent to use it for both photo printing and regular text printing. Photos look great and print relatively 
works great. I bought this yesterday and have burned 5 120 minutes tapes without a glitch. I wanted something to plug in and burn and that is what it does 
Great Player but....... Am happy with everything about this player except that for the money spent, I would have expected better support for DVD R DVD-R media. Granted, that feature 
works. i hung off of this thing and did pulls ups on it before putting my 50 plasma on it. it didn t even flinch. i m convinced that thousands 
Perfect for papers, not for books. This holder keeps papers upright and in position, but it doesn t handle books particularly well, as the clip cannot grip surfaces as thick 
IPOD KILLER!!! THIS THING RULZZZ GET ONE. THIS IS THE GREATEST MP3 I HAVE EVER OWNED I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!! It is way better than the ipod. I know this because 
Good For Me. I upgraded from using a business mic to one of these and came to be very happy. The mic has high clarity-- certainly it is more than 
Excellent. I just love the color, the stile and the price.It is a perfect player.Thank you.  
Fun to use...motivational....nike shoes not necessary. At age 52, overweight with type 2 diabetes and high cholesterol, I decided to save my life and buy new nano and nike unit 
Love it!. This item is a wonderful unit. Much more accurate than any garmin units I have used. Any negative reveiws are because some people can t figure out how 
ch user from 89. I started with this sticks lesser sibling, 3 buttons and a hat on the stick, you,ve seen it. I don t know what happened to it 
Port Computer Case. This is my 2nd Port product and I have been impressed with both  
pretty good memory card. I use this card mainly for taking video with my digital camera. It is totally fine with writing a file more than 100 MB and transferring 
Great for the money. I bought this because I wanted a dvd player that could EASILY tap into my car s audio. With the built-in FM transmitter, movies sound great! 
Five stars -- but only for satellite receiver. Seems to work well with my satellite receiver. I have not used it for any other purpose so have no idea how 
Great Product. It s a great product from Microsoft and i love it. Had no prblems with it yet and the fingerprint reader is easy and fun, comes in handy. 
Simply Amazing!. The picture quality of my HDTV has improved significantly after using this unit. Well worth the price for super high quality entertainment.  
Nice product Nice service. I could easily found Amazon is the cheap seller of this product. Others will the same item for less online but they charge big amount of 
Good Device, Small Size is a . I m not hiding that I like Netgear products for entry level use. This device has a 5th port that you can use 
Fast SD card for my digital camera. I bought this SD card and took some 100 snaps out of it.The card is really fast with my canon A510 camera.Reading takes 
I love it. I bought this fan today at Walmart for 47.94 . I needed something to cool my medium size office 18 x18 .The fan was easy to put 
Optoma mounting kit. Worked just great! We re using a projector for a home theatre, but needed to use the projector for a presentation and it was very easy to 
its what i ordered. the company sent me a great product, at a great price. im glad there is an ebay to shop around for great deals  
It s worth it. I have case logic CD wallets from 7 years ago that are still in good shape...despite the abuse I put them through. I bought this one 
Solid. I got two of these, and as others have said, this is a great game pad for the money. It feels sturdy and has good, well placed, buttons.  
Western Digital WDXE5000KSN right on target. I purchased this drive, set it up next to my wireless router in my wiring closet in my basement, and that is the last 
Does the job... It worked. All the labels from the side of the power supply just fell off. Kind of looked cheap, but it did the job  
Midland Outfitter Series GXT650VP4 5-Watt 22-Channel GMRS. Only used these radios this past hunting seasons;worked great;has all the features you need for quiet operation, no beeps and silent alert ;plus 
XFX GeForce 6200 256 MB DDR2 AGP Video Card w TV, DVI. Awesome video card.. Im using this with Dvi cable on my 22 inch Viewsonic lcd. I must say 
No Problems Here. I have had this CF card for nearly a year A year ago, it cost nearly 300--boy those CF memory prices have dropped! and it has worked 
Great Product!. I m very happy with my labeler. I don t know how I live without it all these years. This model is very easy to use, I found 
Good USB. Ive had it for a month and it works well. Its a great product for a low cost.  
Better than expected. Have had no problems with the unit. Replaced a turntable from the sixties with better results, still plays albums made in the sixties with great sound.  
Good batteries, great price. I bought three boxes of these and have had great success with them. I can t tell the difference between these and Duracell s or Energizers. 
Smooth as Silk so far at least! . This PSU looks great and performs great. I am using it to power an ASUS A8R32-MVP motherboard, AMD Athlon FX-60 CPU, ATI 
Atheros Chipset for Geeks means decent operation for everybody. High end users and users who consider themselves geeks will find this card useful. The chipset allows for direct and immediate 
I got my money s worth. For 30, it s worth it. I found no problems with the quality of sound with the headset it came with. I just wanted 
Amazon Customer Service. Ordered 2 items...Ideastream CD Storage Boxes and Fellows CD Sleeves. which is obviously 2 different manufacturers. When ordering, I clicked on a combination option to order both. 
Great DVD s!. I use them on ILO DVD recorder and also for recording home movies or data disk. I have not had a problem with any of them ever. 
Good Quality Ink for an Inkjet Printer. The BCI-3eBk is good quality black ink for an inkjet printer. I have used this ink for a couple of years now and 
Finally, rechargables without self-discharge. I had always been frustrated in grabbing the digital camera Minolta S404, using 4 AAs . We d have to schedule it because by the time 
Fantastic Machine!. I live in central Florida. Our winters are mild, but we have a bone chilling dampness that sets in December-March. The heat pump warms the air in the 
Same as KDS-60A2000. The only difference in this model and the A2000 is the color. They are otherwise exactly the same. This one is all black instead of silver gray 
It Does What I Want. My entire Home Theater is powered through a Panamax isolating regulating power supply. All except my sub-woofer. I wanted to isolate it as well. I 
HP 6210 All-in-one. This is a very nice printer for the price. It is rather slow, but you pay for speed. The color features are especially nice  
Good Product for the Money. I purchased the transmitter because I don t have an aux input in my car. The product works well. I live in an area that 
love it. 1. privacy2. antiglare3. protects lcd screen on notebook4. a snap to install easy rocks!!!someone in a restaurant thought I was crazy... typing away with a blank black screen!!! 
Excellent, but sound is not as good as I had expected. The recorder operates well, but the hiss is more than I had expected. But perhaps others are as bad 
My iPod is back to new!!!. I used iCleaner on my so-easy-to-scratch Nano and was very impressed with the results. I followed your instructions and the screen and casing scratches 
Belkin Wireless 2-Port Print Srvr. F1UP0001 . Works great with my HP OfficeJet 551  
Great motherboard for nvidia Core 2 combo. This is one of the few 680i chipset motherboards that was available at the time I was ordering. Initial setup was very easy 
I love these DVD s. They print so nicely and look great and record nicely too.  
Great little TV. Don t let the bad reviews for this TV on this site dissuade you from purchasing this beautiful TV. No, you re not going to get a 
iPod Nano 2 GB. Overall, very enjoyable, sleek design and easy to use. Wish I had waited for next generation release a month or so after purchase to get lower 
Great, if you get it... I ordered this on 2 12 from Amazon and as of today, March 15, 2006, I have not received the refills since there is some 
Get the updated version of Model One if you can!. The new updated Tivoli Model One adds AUX option to selector knob so you need not disconnect your ipod or 
Excellent MP3, movie, picture, OGG, FLAC player. [...]. This is a small player with small buttons that fits in the jeans change pocket. The navigation is simple and straight forward 
great psu. had it for two years now and no problems so far...its great psu for the price.  
Excellent product, and I received it free!. This is a great product, and you can get it, along with any other products on Amazon up to 500 Free! Participate in 
Great KVM, so far ....... Works well, as they0 said........both ps2 mouse and keyboard work off the same USB plug  
Very Impressed. I grew up with a big base scanner. This one is one eighth the size and picks up so much more. I programmed in over 50 local frequencies 
no complaints. What is there to say?...it s great ink. I use it in my Epson 2200. My only wish would be the cost being lower. :  
Very Impressed. This is the first review of a product that I have bothered to take the time to write. I am extremely impressed with this product! It was fairly 
Work fine. I ve used these and similar cases for years. No problems, even with the cats occasionally knocking them around and walking on them.1 I ve never had one 
Great product, slow delivery. The cartridges are great, seem just as good as when I buy them at Staples. The delivery time was a problem. I ordered them the First 
zhang. We were looking for a compact system and this particular system takes up very little space! It also has amazing sound  
Best bang for the buck. I bought this projector about a year ago I am also using it with my PC now as I write this and it has not 
Great print server. Had tried other print servers, but this one works. I have a HP laserJet 4050, HP 3650 and a HP photosmart 7760 hooked to it and all 
Magnificent beast of a TV. We have had this TV for 3 days now and are very pleased thus far. Amazon had an amazing deal which they unfortunately no longer 
I really like it. This is a pretty good mouse, I can t really expound more than those below me but, It is almost the perfect size, maybe just a 
Heaven sent. I received an Evenflow vaporizer during my shower and thought it would help once baby & I got sick. Way to small for my room. I looked at 
Great multi-function machine. We liked this one so well we purchased another one for our home office  
This device did the trick!. We purchased the Hawking device on the recommendation of our wi-fi provider to boost reception. It took some trial and error to find the sweet 
Excellent deal. Best price I ve seen on this TV. Even after shipping, it s about 150 less than the local stores are selling it for. Packaging is well designed 
Super Power. These are by far, the best batteries you can get. They last 5 times longer than standard Alkaline batteries, they look cool, and they weigh almost nothing. You 
Great add on to BJC-85. Setup was painless,i was scanning 5 minutes after i opened the box.A &quot;must have&quot; for any BJC-85 owner  
Short term reliability. For the time being as I am in the process of purchasing a new computer, the USB device will work for my laptop, taking into consideration the 
Satisfied overall. Good product. Works fine. Reasonably priced. The only problem I had was in getting the instructions to come up properly. I had to figure out how to connect 
Great drive for the money. I now have about 8 Lacie external USB drives and they have all been great.This one is fast, quiet, well designed and easy to install 
Great value. After reading countless reviews, I settled on this unit. I m not disappointed. Great specs, great looks, quality build and materials, great price  
Smith Victor - Light Tent. Excellent value and quality. Easy to set-up and take down. The portability factor is great for going almost anywhere  
Big Bang for the Buck. These speakers have great sound quality and are perfect for the regular consumer. Gamers and geeks might want something a little more techy, but they 
Scrabblers without Squabble. This recent purchase was actually for a gift; however, I have had the opportunity to tinker with it and get the input of the end user, my 
Does not have S-Video. The Amazon description states this unit has S-Video which is incorrect. This receiver is a great value otherwise  
Ultimate iPod Case. If want the ultimate protection for your 30 or 60 GB Apple iPod, then the iSkin eVo3 is for you.A few months ago I purchased my 60GB 
Best Value!. I left my 300.00 Brookstone NC headphones on a plane once and purchased the Sharper Image NC headphone at an electronics shop in Frankfurt airport.Electronics in Europe are 
excellent music quality. I was amazed by this product. It is awesome. Small and since it can be used as a USB flash drive, it worths the money you pay 
Excels in every way. I nearly bought a Logitech gamepad but saw the glowing reviews of this device. I just got started back into the action and racing genres It 
Big, beautiful monitor. Excellent aspect ratio and working area. Superb sharpness, color, brightness, contrast, build quality. No bad pixels so far. Good software functionality. A lower minimum stand height and 
Soleus CFM-40 Dehumidifier. I have used this dehumidifier for about two weeks and I am completely satisfied. We have had an unusually humid summer in Texas and this device has 
Great Value. Very long battery life. This is great if you need focused light in a dark setting. Center of the light beam is bright, but the rest of it 
Better Performance at an Inexpensive Price. We have a computer that had only 2 USB 1.0 ports. This card was an easy upgrade that allows use of USB mouse, USB 
Very Good Value for the Price. This keyboard is a very good value. It has only a PS2 connection, so if you need to use USB you will need a 
Good value. Really, it is hard to go wrong when purchasing an LCD TV. Just look for something that is HD, has at least 800:1 contrast ratio and 8 msec 
Great disc changer. I had one of the older models for many years before it quit working and I just loved it, so I went looking for another one. I 
Sony Bean. I just ordered the second one for our family. It s the 3rd Sony MP3 player to join our househould. They ve been very dependable, and they re 
Fuji Film memory stick. The product is exactly what i was informed it was and was delivered sooner than expected. I have no complaints at all  
So Pretty. This Holiday Tree is so pretty & festive hooked up to my PC via USB wire. I hope the company comes out with many more this coming Xmas. 
EXCELLENT VALUE. Got this unit to replace a fried Mitsubishi. The old unit got to the point that it would freeze on every dvd. This one had good reviews and 
antennae up high solved my problem. My signal strength increased from 1 bar to 4 bars when I installed the antennae stand on the wall. My PC tower sits on 
Use it all the time. I make a lot of presentations. This little unit stays with me no matter where I travel on business. The case makes it easy to 
Superb value, good sound quality, just bought two more. This microphone is a great value for the money. It records captures loud and clear. Very good pick up of sound. 
Idiot Proof Remote. First time I ve ever written a review. I m not a high tech type, and sometimes it s nothing but frustration for me to deal with 
Problem fixed. The product arrived in very damaged condition - about 15 of the cases were smashed. However, the seller promised to refund my money if I wrote a positive 
Better than average, does it s job. First off let me tell you what equipment I m running with it.It s a basic set up:DLP TV, Sony DVD player, Directv 
Perfect Vista Tuner. Getting the Tuner to work was as easy as pointing driver installation to the drivers folder on the included winTV disc. After Installing three different remote apps 
Great Power Strip. Bought 2 of them and like them. After much research these seemed to be the best for the money  
Just Amazing !!!!!. The first time I saw this piece was at Wal-mart. I had listened to Sony,Philips, JVC, Panasonic, RCA in that order, the difference was instantly clear. Then 
Best Nano Armband. I spent a lot of time researching armbands for my nano. I ordered this product and I am totally satisfied. The armband is made out of a 
How many pictures will it store?. How many pictures will it store? It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the 
Dane Elec 512 MB Secure Digital Card Review. This type of card came with the digital camera I purchased and performs great--I ve had no trouble with them. Everything works 
The best PC joystick on the market !. I have owned the CH Products Fighterstick for a little over a month now and I am now ready to compose a 
Superb and never die out batteries. These batteries are far stable and durable in long term use. I have owned non-brand name and Kodak rechargeable batteries. They are either unstable 
Works great, but live support may be a wait. Newbie to wireless. Bought this one because I wanted to keep it simple, and this one apparently does that well- better 
Great value for Kingston high quality. This is a great value for pair of 512 MB DDR400, one more reason to avoid those no-name brand memories out there  
Very, very good sound quality; don t expect to go jogging. Sound quality is the best I ve heard for an earphones product. The only negative I have found is 
Memorex DVD-RW Media Review. I am very enthused about being able to purchase your product via the Internet and at a very reasonable price. It s very hard to find 
Great deal for the price. I installed 5 of these in the ceiling of a small family room as the primary speakers for my secondary home theatre. Along with a 
Great ! Transportable Mini Speakers. These speakers were purchased as part of a birthday present for my son. We do minimalist camping excursions with the family to remote cabins in 
iPod U2 30 GB Special Edition - just great!. You ll never get disappointed with it...it s great  
Great drive, wish the drive were attached to the lanyard, rather than the cap. I ve had this USB drive for about a month and It s been terrific. I 
Great product w great great sound well worth the money. Great product w great great sound well worth the money. I bought 7 pair  
Outstanding Educational Tool. I bought this for my freshman son and he loves it. Not only can he use it for algebra but it also has organizer software that helps 
Fantastic!. Shipped very fast from pattyir...much faster than I thought it would. The Belkin F5D8010 Wireless Pre-N 802.11x Pre-N Notebook PC Card Adapter works wonderfully. Very easy setup and an 
bang for the buck. A good no frills wall mount for your flat screen. Good, heavy construction. Plenty of hardware and excellent directions for mounting. Finish was also good, no 
EQ 200. Buying an equalizer seems kind of retro these days, but I still have a good cassette dual deck and have recently purchased a reel to reel again.Used to 
No reason not to like it!. I use these Sony tapes in my Sony DCR-TRV310 Digital 8 camcorder. The quality is great, even after you record over it. Sixty minutes 
Getting colors right for photo editing. Great product, and great price at amazon! I live in Malaysia, where the local price is 250 of Amazon s list price. For USD9 
Quality product with WRONG manual. WARNING: PSW10 does not have a single subwoofer socket. Instead, you need use L or R socket for its stereo inputs.Good quality. Sounds ok, matched 
Great Performances. The product performs great. It produces quality sound and offers excellent value for its price point. The stereo does everything the manufacturer claims and it meets all my 
WORKS GREAT. The Modem was VERY easy to hook up, I plugged it up connected the wires and it hooked right up and worked. It couldn t be easier and 
One of the better cases available. I bought this case because I wanted good screen protection that didn t have to be attached to the iPod. I also needed access 
HDTV. Great service, prompt delivery,works great.Only draw back is eventhough it s an HDTV there is no cable card  
Exaclty as advertised. Very solid, nice looking shelf, easy to assemble with good instructions and all required pieces included. It s exactly as I expected it  
Worked great for me!. I had a DVD that was scratched during shipping. One repair kit did nothing to help it. I considered using the Skip Dr., but I never 
Samsung LT-P1545 15 Flat-Panel LCD TV. First, I would buy it again if I needed to. This 15 takes up less space on the kitchen counter, i.e., speakers are on 
WR-300 Midland. Wonderful product with one exception - You have to reset it if there is no weather warnings watches in a 10 day period. The instruction booklet does not 
Perfect. Little. Easy to use. Tons of storage space. Perfect for what we needed. Now we never have to worry about losing our music or pics. Great buy  
Excellent CD Player...so far. Ok, so I ve only had this player 1 day. Still, it is exactly what I was hoping it would be. It plays all my trouble 
As good as Monster, a fraction of the cost. I bought these from Amazon last fall to connect my DVD player to my new HD. I did not want to 
great little printer. I received the cp720 model along with a canon digital camera and I am thoroughly impressed by the quality of prints that this prints- I would have 
Nice case for a 15.4 Laptop. Good value in this bag. It serves my purposes well in transporting my 15.4 laptop to and from work. The only thing I would 
Garmin USB Data card programmer. It would be impracticale to buy a memory card larger than 32 meg without buying this product. I had the 32 meg memory card, and 
Works just as expected. The cable elecrically works fine. The length 6 ft. is adequate and it has a little green power LED on the cigarette Lighter plug that indicates 
Great headphones. I love these headphones. Combined with the Sound Blaster X-Fi, it gives me the best sound I ve ever heard from my PC. Really great value for someone 
Must Have Item!. The external antenna is essential for vehicle use. It allows the GPS to acquire more satellites faster and boosts the accuracy and reception in a huge way. 
Excellent sstem. Looks sleek and sexy. This CD player is great. The chicks love it. It is very cool looking and plays good stuff like mp3 s so I can 
Great Multifunction Device. It was between this and the other brother mfc that performs duplex printing for my home office which two people use on a daily basis. We figured 
must have professional. picture sound all great. the only problem is that you must have an advanced degree in english,engineering,and computer science to set the television up. without my cable 
Grayish. As much as I like the MP450, I use it for photo printing mostly, and must say I m still looking for a printer that represents black better.Comparing photos 
Neuros 2 Recorder. This product is Great. Easy to use, and a great problem solver for mpeg 4 conversions. Simple one button start and stop recording. Great Product. A must 
Works well, but tricky to set up. I received this unit via my home insurance after my RCA 5-disc changer was stolen.The unit itself is solidly built, and I don 
Good product good price. This works great for me! I love it...i watch t.v. on my computer all the time now..  
Samsonite L45 Notebook Case. Well designed, well built laptop case. Fits widescreen laptops securely. Have two of them, would recommend.  
NOAA Alert. I have not experienced any severe weather since purchasing the NOAA Alert. I do not use the alsrm clock feature since I am retired  
Midland GTX550. Excellent radio. This radio has silent mode, good range in the hills, weather radio, many sub codes. It is much better than the new model, 650, because the 
First Laptop Accessory You Should Buy. I looked at other locks in stores and did some online research and everything pointed to the MicroSaver DS with keys. While nothing will 
great product... i first bought a monster product equivalent in bestbuy, and it absolutely sucked. after buying this i am very happy i did. It works just how it says 
No Problems with these CD s. I have found that, for the most part, if I purchase a name brand product I usually get good quality. These Memorex CD s 
Usable replacement for most multifunction remote controls. I needed a a new remote because the one that came with my ReplayTV had stoped functioning, the most used push buttons had, 
What else can I say but... What else can I say but it s excellent!!! I enjoy using it, traveling with it, using it to carry music and video s, 
VCR DVD operation. I found the setup very straightforward and was able to run the basics very quickly. It was difficult to follow details after basic recording.It took several weeks 
excellent!!!!!!. this quite an incredible moue pad, few days ago there was an online write who said that this mouse pad didn t work with the mx revolution, well let 
Works, but not quite what I expected. I guess my expectations of the product didn t fall in with what the product is supposed to do. Was expecing the filter 
wow!. Well I did a bunch of research before purchasing this projector. I was a little leary as there is no location local to me that carries the thing so 
High performance memory. I bought Sony s 1 GB MSX-1GN memory stick for use in Sony s new Cybershot DSC W7 camera. The memory stick has performed exceptionally well. I 
Goes Together Easily. I enjoyed putting this together. The spacers kinda threw me until I realized you use 2 per pole under each corner of a shelf. I got it 
Very Clear Headphones. I had been shopping for a pair of headphones with the ability to block out background noise for sometime now since I work in a loud environment. 
From high end to bargain basement . EXCELLENT IMAGE FOR LITTLE MONEY!I bought the Infocus X2 to replace a worn out and broken 15,000.00 high end CRT projector. My budget 
Excellent for PC Monitors. We got a sample and boy talk about removing dirt.If you got a dirty monitor then buy these wipes  
Works for me. I have been using CF card now for a while in my Nikon d-200. I have been very pleased with its response time. In multi shot mode 
Replacement plan. Have not had to use it yet so I don t know. Did I really need it I don t know but I bought it  
Great memory card...excellent price!. I bought this memory card in addition to a 512MB and 1GB Olympus cards I had. I wanted to get a high speed one for a 
Haven t burned a coaster yet. I have used these DVD Rs for over two years now and they work absolutely great. I have burned movies, games, files, everything. Haven 
WOW! So Beautifully Detailed and True Color!!!. After reading the reviews several negative , I wasn t sure if I should purchase this for my Canon i9900. I am sure 
I love it!!!. I don t have anything to compare this to because it s my first MP3 player. However, I am surprised at just how much I love it. 
Why I Gave This a 5. For the money I wanted to spend, this is the best out there and I tested many others. I too would have liked a 
Amazingly Awesome!. I love this thing so much! Honestly, if you do any kind of art you want this its so much easier. It takes like 5minutes to get used 
perfect for my needs. I needed a device to mount on the handlebars of my motorcycle and tuck the ipod securely in my pocket under my clothing for motorcycling. The 
The Best Overall Cable. I currently utilize the 3 foot version of this cable for my DVD player. In the past I have used the common yellow analog connection for 
replacement battery. I shot several hundred pictures at a wedding with a battery grip and 2 of these batteries and did not have a single problem with power  
NuLOOQ-Excellent!. Logitech scored a big plus with this item. The important thing is that you really need the processing power for the device to run properly. The first review is 
Great MP3 for a great price. What I like about the e130 is I can use the sd cards use the fast read write 60x and 130x to play music 
smokin buds. Good headphones but they still hurt my ear. also the little plastic rubber piece that goes in your ear WIll fall out and then your screwed. Horrible design.....kind 
Good tape. Captures great in a Sony TR7000 camcorder. Works great in both Hi8 and Digital8 modes, though only captures 60 minutes in Digital8 format. The tapes retained clarity and 
Good sticker system!. The sticker tape sticks to almost anything; Tree bark, windshields, toothbushes, even cat hair. To help my daughter learn Spanish, we labled eveything in and around the 
Flawless budget mini-stereo. I bought this model in order to be rid of my almost-new Sony MHCEC70 with its faulty ergonomics and detestable tuner. Having once owned an earlier PM-series 
Finally a real UNIVERSAL remote. I love this remote. It actually has buttons for all the functions for my TiVo, LCD HD TV, AV REceiver. It s easy to program 
Excellent switch. Got the GS116 quickly. It installed without any problems. It works well in my development environment where I m moving large files from one machine to another. I 
best changer in the world !!!!!!!!!!!!!. I ve had a number of changers from the carousel 5 disc changers to the 500 plus that go round and takes you a 
It s a USB cable, and it works. I bought this cable because it was pretty cheap, cables at my local electronics store were running for over 30... I m 
Great Product for sharing a printer on a simple home network. I love the form factor. It simply plugs into the parallel port on the printer - no printer cable. 
Very Solid Component for the Price. Full, rich sound with a thoughtfully-organized rear panel and an impressive roster of DSP modes. Very easy to set up and use. My only 
Toshiba 32DF46 32 Super Great. The Picture and Audio quailty are excellent, and has excellent adjustments for color and audio. Yes it could use more inputs, what TV couldn t, 
INCREDIBLE TV!. I VE HAD MINE FOR A WEEK...SO FAR...SO EXCELLENT BEYOND GOOD OR GREAT ...I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS TELEVISION! YOU WON T REGRET BUYING THIS...YEAH..IT LL BURN A HOLE 
jdpbecker. After much research into the Epson R2400 & R1800, I got the 2400. I am absolutely impressed with the quality of pictures! It does a phenominal job. I have 
Great sound; horrible cord. I ve had a pair of EX71SL s for over a year, and the sound is great. The bass is pronounced and is probably not suitable 
Great Karaoke System. This cartridge adds 200 songs to the basic system. I has a good variety of music that I like. I highly recommend it  
good item. i love the mobilemate sd. I haven t had any problems yet. It s small compact and gets the job done  
Full of features. I like the features of this player. However, the controls are a bit hard to use, and the start and stop controls make a loud beep that, 
Powerful control panel. I agree with the first reviewer in that it is hard to find reviews of this product anywhere online. After reading lukewarm reviews of other draft-n routers, 
note to K. Macleod and everyone else. Just wanted to let you and everyone reading these know that the Axiom series is not actually the only aftertouch-capable m-audio keyboard, but 
As Advertised. The Pyle Pro works perfectly. Am able to use my own turntable to download LP s, 45 s and 78 s to my computer and burn CD s. 
It s a bit large, but it s well worth it!. We shred a lot of docs due to sensitive material. I found this baby about a couple month s 
Excellent Home Phone System. I just got this set a week ago, and am so happy with it s performance. It has the loud and clea voice with a smart 
Killer sound quality, you won t be disappointed!!. The Shure the E2G s are were designed for use with portable video game devices like the Sony PSP. The audio clarity 
Does what it s supposed to do. Well, what can I say: It does what it s supposed to do. Oh, almost forgot: It has a nice red light shaped 
Survived the laundry. Mine just went through the washer and then through the dryer. I plugged it in... and IT WORKS...!!!!!!!!  
The case is fine, no belt clip though. While the silicone case fits snuggly and seems to be effective protection, it s a little useless without a belt clip attached. 
what a deal - finally affordable!. We are thrilled with this purchase, which was for an all-pupose bedroom TV. The picture is GREAT!!!! Football Games - GREAT!!! Delivery was prompt 
Memorias excelentes a buen precio. Memorias de calidad a buen precio, pero no soportan Dual Channel  
Ease of use and great product. Installation was simple, and the software is easy to use. I have had this product for some time now, and it certainly does what 
EXCELLENT TV. An excellent TV. Great sound and picture. Easy to use remote. No compalaints.  
simple and works. if you have a G4 laptop dont waste your firewire 800 port, buy this connector and you ll have two firewire ports instead of one... simple and 
How do you review Labels??!?!?!. Hey, they stick to the envelopes. What more can you ask for  
Don t buy other than Sony. Previously I ve buyed Sandisk Memory Stick pro and within the first month of use the memory fails with the typical error stated by 
Flawless compatibility with Tivo. This is my second unit because it worked flawlessly with my first Tivo unit. Not much else to say, other than it just works  
Excellent Drive!!!. This drive has served me well for years! As always, Western Digital is the way to go for hard disks  
A well designed product to fill a special need. Last week I recieved a nice box of birthday gifts that my sister purchased for me here through Amazon, and the 
Not a bad laptop lock. Some confusion in the color coding in the instructions but once you are past that it is a very solid lock  
Great way to get great wireless sound. I plugged this in last weekend for one my clients, and it works superbly. We connected one ZP80 to a set of Polk 
Outstanding card for picture transfers. I ordered this to easily transfer pictures between my cameras and my computers. It helps save time when I want to access a picture or 
Seagate ST3400601U2-RK 400 GB. Easy to install. Available as soon as connected to a computer  
Great notebook case. This case is great for value and for space..for the most part. It s actually really hard to find a good value leather case for a 15.4 
Stylish bag for Dell 700m. I m pretty picky, but this bag lived up to the various good reviews I read on Amazon. As others have said, you cannot fit 
USB 2.0 To DB9M Dongle Serial Pc Mac. The converter works great with the PC. The software for the Mac OSX was not on the CD. A quick google found 
Great Device. I got this model because of it s size and speed. In fact, I got it after returning a cheaper 2GB CruzerMini which was just too slow for 
It s not Targus at fault here. Laptop manufacturers want you to buy their products at their markup. Dell is no exception. Dell itself, on the motherboard, checks adapters. Whether 
as good as advertised, wonderful picture quality on my TV. Apple TV performs exactly as promised, allowing the user to play iTunes media on a TV. Most people will use 
Great idea! Nice card. This is a high capacity card that can hold a ton of digi pix. It s pretty fast when downloading info to my computer via the 
Very Happy!. I love eVO3. I love the fact that it not only protects the screen but it protects the wheel. The only thing that I do not like is 
 W O W . Very rarely am I so impressed where I feel compelled to write up an optional review of something I purchase. But in this case im 
Peerless ST650P Tilting Wall Mount for 32 to 50 Flat Panel Displays. Great value & quality on this wall mount. Would not hesitate to purchase again. Easy to follow directions, 
Check out the Creative HN-700 instead!. They re the same headphones for 30 less on amazon and at the creative store as well. If you don t believe me, compare 
Worth its price. The settings are very easy to use, it is lightweight, and very practical. If you have two male connectors two way headphone wire thingy you can easily 
Tough little bugger... I use my Cruzer Mini constantly at work. It s great for quick data transfers, small utilities, drivers or patching systems that are off the network. It 
Reliable!. I agree that this drive can be a little slow, but it hasn t caused a problem for me. I keep copies of many files about 1 GB total 
Great Cable. I recently replaced a PC with a Mac laptop. The only video output on a Mac is a DVI-D port; I had been using the DVI-to-analog converter that 
THUMBS UP!. As of 2007 most of the bugs mentioned in the other reviews are fixed. The ipod fits snug as a bug in my unit and it even charges 
Blazing Fast. This is an excellent hard drive. It is blazing fast! You know that Western Digital is a name you can bank on! Get one for yourself  
I like it. This is my first mp3 player and I really like it.The only this I did not like was that when you listen to the FM radio the 
Good GPS but mounting sucks. I like my new Garmin Nuvi 660. The wide screen really makes a big difference. The point of interests features on this Nuvi is minimal 
Worth the Money. I was a little hesitant buying this without trying it but I thought the other review, and the fact that this brand model seems to be carried 
Good Shredder. Shredder does what it is advertized to do. Works well and is easy to use \.  
It is What It Is. The title says it all - it s a simple, black, rubber watch. No frills. It works. I like it  
Great drive for cheap!. This drive has been great. I am glad I went with an affordable drive because this is a great product  
Great: a culmination of calculators. If you are the 89 series programmer, then this will make your life a lot easier with the QWERTY keys. That was my primary reason 
Perfect product!. I only have two optical inputs on my receiver and 4 outputs needing to be heard. This gadget works perfectly. No noticeable sound degradation could be heard! I 
Works fine. It works as well if not better than the one I have beeen renting form the cable. I was paying 7 rental. Therefore pay back will be in 
Panasonic just misses. This Panasonic is all right, except I would die to get my old Sony system back. They just don t have the sound quality at Panasonic that 
Shhhhhhhhhhhh.... Not only is this drive much faster than my old IDE drive with 8M cache, it is as quiet as can be. In fact, if I didn t see 
works great, no analog though. It works! The antenna isnt junk either, I am getting almost all the digital stations from chicago 25 miles from sears tower with it inside 
Pleased so far. So far I have been very pleased with these batteries. My last digital camera had it s own battery and held a charge for a very long 
super bag, worth the price. The other reviews are accurate - this is a super bag. I researched a lot of bags and settled on this one to replace my 
Great Product, Lousy Instructions. The instructions fail to mention that you have to change the settings on your iPod so that it sends the signal out to the tv or 
Picture Perfect. I just purchased the Canon 20D and this card is a true marriage of the two necessities. Plenty of picture room and I plan to purchase a 2GB 
Good Link. If you run short on cable when making a connection s , you can connect another RCA cable s with these Female-to-Female connectors. They are color coded for 
Great Product. Super product! This case is light, super solid, and convenient. I carry it with me wherever I go with my camera, so I always have extra cards on 
Another California Investigator. I made the investment in this recorder and have been very pleased. I use the Olympus 2300 for witness and subject interviews in closed enviroments interview rooms, 
connect your pc to your home theatre system in no time. i bought this cable to connect my laptop to my home theatre receiver, eliminating the need for computer speakers 
Good purchase. The item works as I expected. I received within the tiem offered by the seller. I ll buy again from this merchant  
Speaker purchase. We are very happy with our purchase of AudioSource LS100 speakers. Very good quality for the price and our purchase went very smoothly with timely delivery  
Easy to use, lightweight. This is my first portable mp3 player and it took me about an hour to go from taking it out the box to having music on 
Works as advertised. Great with my Rebel XT. Hard to be verbose about a CF card...but it has performed without a hitch in my Rebel XT. Used a 1GB Ultra 
Amazingly detailed. I purchased this software more for it s street mapping detail than for the topographic mapping. Living out here in rural KY I have yet to find a 
Cell Phone Morphs to Mp3 player. Got this card for my son s new mp3 enabled cell phone. Works just like any flash drive player. Now he doesn t need 
Great Value. If you are looking for a cost effective replacement for your original white earbuds, this is it. The different size rubber earpieces offer an excellent choice of giving 
Gets the job done. So here is my story:I had a Dell Dimension, and bought Neverwinter Nights 2. My ATI Radeon 9550 had a lot of trouble running that game, 
Very Happy. I have been using this TV for just about a month now and really enjoy it. Shipping took about 10 days with no problems. The tracking info is 
Battery Problem Fixed!. I ve been using this phone for about 2 years now...And have been fuming about the cheap nickel cadmium battery for about that amount of time as 
A must have for burners of CDs and DVDs. I recently burned 25 DVDs, all of the same thing. Realizing that I didn t want to give people a DVD 
Awesome upgrade from my Muvo! Who needs an iPod anyway?. I really love this MP3 player, it truly deserves a five star rating. I got this as an upgrade to 
Great Price and Service. The product was exactly like in retail stores, for about 60 of the price, what a deal! GREAT service, shipped within 24 hrs and arrived on 
works flawlessly as a bridge. I bought two -- the second one after realizing that one will not work as a bridge. It plugs into the Linksys Cable Gateway in 
Sony DVD Changer. Excellent picture, especially for the price. Very easy set up. Highly recommended  
PERFECT. Does the trick...perfect for what I needed....gets rid of the unwanted splicing of different speaker wires...highly recomended!!!  
Sweet Speakers. I bought these speakers w some birthday money I got and I love them . For being so small the sound is great. I use them all the 
Targus Wireless Keyboard is great. This is a fantastic little item. You can attach your PDA, position the infrared wand and off you go. With this keyboard, you can type 
Better range than others I ve tried. I live in a heavily wooded, mountainous area. This radio is the fourth I ve tried in two weeks. I returned the previous 
CD wallet. Good quality. Well made. Good value. Saved me a lot of space, with room to expand  
Great Case!. I recently got this case from amazon.com, and when it shipped to my door, I couldn t wait to open the box. I thought, I finally got a 
Smokin!. This is definitely a USB 2.0 HIGH SPEED reader. I got 17.1 MB s and the package up up to 18 MB s . I was using a Sandisk 
G4000A by Grundig Eton: More than I expected!. I needed a new clock radio, but I hate the tinny sound produced by most offerings. Why not, I thought, invest a 
If you use a laptop but like a real keyboard & mouse check this out!. Since I travel a fair amount I need a laptop for the portability. But when 
It s as easy as plug and play. We currently have the Linksys BEFSR41 4-port router switch for our home network. It s been working great for about 4 years 
Case Logic 72-Disc Wallet Red . The wallet is as advertized & arrived suprisingly quick. I would buy again  
Best Value available. This are great speakers. Bose keeps delivering reasonabably priced products in the market. ALthough I dont think these were meant for music specificly, they work great for 
Five Stars Isn t Enough!!. I love my iPod, and it s even better when paired with this under counter player. The sound is amazing! You won t be disappointed 
I m amazed. Wow, 50 batteries for 9 bux is a DEAL! And of course, it lasts as long as a name brand battery if your going to use it 
Good product. This is a good alternative to an expensive PDA. It holds a lot of information. The only thing I would like to change about it is to be 
samsung 4GB mp3 player. i am really glad with this player. i lovee it!! the only disadvantage is that it cannot play video and it is 4GB however it has 
 Not sold in stores . After several shopping trips in search of a replacement blade set, I realized that they want you to buy a new shaver, not fix 
Must have for presentations. Installation is just plug and play , a great aid for classes and presentations, I love to use it  
The hardest part about the install was finding an outlet!. My wife and I have maybe a dozen or so devices connected via WiFi spread throughout our four-bedroom home. Among 
Great TV. At the time of purchase this TV was rated very highly in consumer digest,, #2 I believe worth every penny. Sound is fantastic, it actually has some base 
Hands down.... The best mp3 player I have ever had. It is much smaller than the picture makes it out to be. Fits in your pocket easily and the sound 
Excellent little unit. I ve been using this player for nearly and month now and truly LOVE this unit. It s physically very small in many ways it s smaller 
Excellent peace of mind. I started looking at network storage products after one of our PC s lost a hard drive that had some of our old scanned film images 
good product. works well, easy to use and I use it daily, mostly in my truck. The software was easy to understand. I had trouble with the first one I 
Close to perfect, but not quite... Great styling, sound, and features really make this a standout product. The Bose Wave radio is a thing of beauty and will enhance any 
TIVO gave me a life!!. Not going to beat a dead horse...there s plenty of reviews on this product. However, I love this product. I would recommend this to anyone 
good product. The mini SD card worked fine, had one read write error the second time I used it but nothing else since. I think the card got a little 
This is a great deal. I don t quite understand all the negative reviews. It is a little tricky at first to figure out, I think. There seem to be 
Excellent product. I have two of these guys, one for backups, the other my briefcase going back and forth between work and home every day . Not a single problem, 
Excellent Printer!. This HP all in one printer copy scanner is just great. I ve had mine for about a month now and I haven t had a single problem 
A pretty solid multifuction device at a good price. With the HP Photosmart C5180 printer, Hewlett Packard has brought to market a very good multifunction device at a great price 
usb2 to db9 converter. I use this product with Tiki Navigator navigation s w to connect my garmin gps 76 map to my laptop. This product was recommended by Tiki 
BIEN. ESTA CAMARA ESTA BIEN, NO TIENE MUCHA NITIDEZ PERO ESTA BIEN. AUNQUE ME VINO UNA DEFECTUOSA Y ESTOY ESPERANDO QUE ME LA REINTEGREN  
Good Looking Shelf. This shelf is quite attractive and easy to install. The depth of it is greater than I was imaging, so if you re using it for a 
Great sound from small speakers. I bought this to use in my office at work. This seems to be an ideal placement for this speaker system as it projects great 
Great, portable product. Although standard CDs are fairly inexpensive and flash drives the norm for media potability, I find these pocket-size CDs to be quite convenient when you want to 
A definite must have for iPod owners!. When you use the video function on your iPod it depletes the battery pretty quick. I can keep this nifty little gadget with 
Simple solution to adding speaker zones. This is a good, basic solution to adding speaker zones to your home. It s not much to look at, but does the job. 
Better than cutting holes in your walls. I have used the PLEBR10 for an extended period of time now more than two years . In fact, my latest purchase was 
&quot;Excelent Laptop Case&quot;..... The Quality is excelent and I recommend to any person that looks for a computer case with very good price and comtemporary appearance. Superior and finest leather 
excellent remote. easiest remote to program. has tremendous ability to tweek. will keep recommending to all my customers  
A Great Mouse. I think like any mouse, the Razer ProSolutions requires a little adjustment to get used to. I m using a PC, and I thought the install and 
excelent service. The best value in memory stick is SanDisk. Quality and very good price. I will buy again SanDisk products.  
Does not fit the E2c. These are great sleeves, but they do not fit on the E2c s the flange has too small of an opening  
V2230wm flat screen monitor is super. This ViewSonic flat screen replaces a regular large screen ViewSonic that I used without any problems for about 5 years. The flat screen offers 
Very fast ... not sure of its reliability. When I bought my camera, the vendor included one of these cards as part of the package. It was very quick--far faster 
great quality and solid performer. I am a light user of this printer but it meets my family s needs very well. With the built-in networking, duplexer, and extra memory 
Looking for a PCMCIA card for your FreeBSD notebook?. Look no further. FreeBSD 6.1 and later will recognize this card. Earlier versions of FreeBSD might work, too. But this card 
A great choice. ... That said, I m very happy with this printer. Other reviews, like the one on C|Net, have faulted the printer for mediocre text printing. I can 
It was fun while it lasted. I accidentally fried mine while plugging an external speaker system into its headphone jack - an operation I d performed dozens of times successfully. 
Microsoft Wireless Optical Mouse. pretty standard mouse I think.Reciever on the floor and mouse on the desk and it has been working fine, no faults as of yet  
Clean. Nice and clean sound.I bought these as side surround speakers...I didn t read carefully...there are no brackets to mount them. I nailed on picture frame hangers.Low keyed nice looking 
Sanus VMPL50B Universal Flat Panel TV Wall Mount Bracket, Black. Mount works beautifully. Installation was straightforward using directions provided. Initially, I was concerned about mounting such a heavy object on 
Great DVD recording media. I ve never tried verbatim media, since there were 5inch computer floppy disc circa 1983-85 . I pleased to find that verbatim still makes a quality 
Trick to get the Airplay2 to work. I must disagree, partially, with a previous review of this product. I find it to be a good product, once you get used 
One Terabyte External Hard Drive. Sure is louder than I d like - my wife as well - but the idea of having 20 years of collected computer files in 
cabin watcher. After reading all the connection problems with wireless IP cameras , I decided to purchase the wired ver. BL-C10A panasonic . I was very pleased with the easy 
Easy to use. I purchased a new 250GB computer after using up all the disk space on my 100 GB computer. I had used a Maxtor 120 GB external hard 
Replacement plan. Have not had to use it yet so I don t know. Did I really need it I don t know but I bought it  
laser multifunction printer. Excellent product and Canon tech support was excellent when I encountered a start-up problem caused by a faulty USB cable that I had provided. Unfortunately the printer 
Great Case. This case is great it keeps the IPOD safe from scratches. Buy this item you won t be disappointed  
excellent product, but of course it is monster. If your a serious gamer and want the best quality money can buy, like me, I would highly suggest this product. Sounds 
Great hub - just a few minor issues. PROSSmallCuteSelf-powered - comes with a power adaptor. I have 6 devices hooked up to it, including 2 USB Hard Drives, and it 
Good price, decent quality, too bright LEDs. I liked the unit. it is very well built, materials and workmanship are close to perfect, sound quality is also very good. at 
Best sonics.. bad ergo. Seems to be unanimous that this unit is great sounding, I ll vouch for that compared to any I have heard, even with a chinsy mini 
Cyclo Memory Cooler. It is a good product, but I think that he should throw more air, Having more RPM in the fans, and this way it would cool much 
no charging out of this, but sound is good for the price and size. Puts out a decent level of sound from an inexpensive set of speakers. It looks best 
Great choice for my Nikon D70. I bought this card about 10 months ago to go with my Nikon D70 and I ve certainly had no regrets. I haven t 
This is a GREAT product. Believe or not, I have purchased two other brands 5.8 cordless phones before but returned them less than a week. But this time I have 
Great sound and quality!. I was just tired of rapping my ear buds cord arround my MP3 player - these retractable ear buds work very well. Gold plated connectors, good 
Great bracket!. Easy to install, holds the 20 Sharp Aquous TV with no problems. We have it attached to a stucco wall on our patio in Phoenix! We got a 
Be aware that it is USB 1.1 only. It works well, but be aware that it is USB 1.1 only. I am not using it for my Epson RX620 scanner 
GREAT PRODUCT!!. How can you go wrong with panasonic? YOU CAN T! They are the best electronic producers around, in my opinion. This little card is great. I use it 
Fabulous Bookshelf Speakers from JBL. I purchased these speakers from Amazon thinking hmm...buying speakers online without even hearing them first. Needless to say, I was more than pleased. Replacing my 
Panasonic Cordless Phone Batteries. The batteries arrived is good delivery time and have made my phones like new again. I thought I was going to have to buy new phones. 
Customer Service. The price was great and the service was outstanding. Received within just a day or so after ordering.  
PAL Radio. One of the best products I have ever purchased. The sound of this unit is incredible. It s design is sleek and the array of colors fits any 
TI Voyage 200. This calculator offers a comprehensive set of mathemeatical and statisitcal features suitable for advanced students or professionals. If you have work which demands this kind of flexibility 
quick service. As quickly as the order was given, I was responed to and the package was on its way. Kudos  
Handy Little Radio. I spent a lot of time reading reviews of radios with AM capabilities and I am pleased with my choice. This little one is light, works well 
Excellent sound quality and comfort. I wanted to upgrade from the crummy and painful earbuds that came with the iPod Nano and settled on these after reading the reviews. I 
You re gonna need this, TI-89 owners. The TI-89 is a great calculator but doesn t have some probability distribution software built in. This includes the binompdf and poissonpdf functions 
Good choice - Does not require included CD on newer Win 2000 or XP. From appearances and description, this appears to be identical to my SDDR-92 no A15 except for 
Canon KP-108IP. The product is very good. Produces beautiful color and paper quality is excellent.Compatible with Selphy CP51  
Great TV, Service & Delivery. I have had my Samsung for about three weeks now; no problems. I am extremely hapy with the picture quality and the number of inputs. 
Dual Layer DVD Burner. This DVD burner has exceeded my expectations. Additionally the price was right including a rebate offer with my effective price lower than some no-name brands  
CD player. Not bad so far, the only thing I probably can have used is a clip, or something to help me carry it on the walks  
exactly what i needed. great for anyone with an extra drive kicking around, also alot cheaper than pre-assembled drives even including buying a new one . the only thing to 
Perfect Companion to Sandisk Sansa. Perfect companion to my E280 8Gbyte Sandisk Sansa. Connecting to the USB on my HP laptop is not only a pain at times, it s 
Excelent delivery and value. I received my package within three days via the Super Saver Shipping cost me nothing . The printer is great, too. I used the Brother 1440 
Great stand!. This stand is fairly sturdy and provides a wonderful way for those who enjoy reading or are dedicated students to avoid hurting their necks and backs. It hold 
Excellent & Usable SMB Product. This once available product has served me well.Very dynamic, universal in use, and user friendly. What more could be asked of a simple battery backup 
No problems with this. Bought this item over a year ago and have had no problems with this card. It holds lots of pictures depending on your settings and hasn 
Better price here than elsewhere... Bought the Hitachi DVD Camcorder--one of the first ones out, and it uses DVD-RAM for rewreitable media. Who Cares? I thought... Except when it comes 
Memorex 700MB 80-Minute 52x Data CD-R Media 50-Pack Spindle. the product arrive to me in very good condition, will recommend this product to anyone who needs blank cd  
Excelent sound, design, everything!!!!. Amazing Sound, deep Bass, crisp trebble!!! Just amazing, cool design also  
Great Product. Easy installation in my VAIO PCV-RZ desktop. Computer recognized the new memory on initial boot-up after installation. All programs run much faster, especially my h s internet connection. 
Very pleased with the unit. I couldn t find many reviews on this when I ordered it so I was hesitant. I m very happy with the performance of the 
Hot little big sound. This little unit is big in sound and features. I love the remote and the digital readout. I have heard better small speakers, but for the 
great product. set system up and was able to get great CD s from some of our old records and then using aux. was able to go from tapes to 
Excellent beginners tablet. I was considering purchasing a tablet and Wacom was consistantly recommended. I was originally hesitant to buy the graphire line because I didnt think it would be 
Good mic!. This microphone works just fine for me. I use it with TeamSpeak, and though I do have to be pretty close to it, I and the people hearing 
using armbard at gym. I use the armband at the gym primarily, both cardio and weights. It loses a star because the headphone wire comes out at a very conspicuous 
Perfect!. I love these cases. I bought one set to try out thinpaking my DVDs, and then ordered 4 more to do the rest. I currently own 157 DVDs, and 
Cables..........to go!. Cables are well made from what appear to be great quality components. Fast shipping, great cables, who could ask for more  
Netgear 8 port switch. just plug it in and your ready to go !! no set-up or configuration to do at all !!  
Great for hiking. This GPS has gotten me out of the woods more than once in the dark. By setting waypoints on the unit 4 of us were able to 
It does what I hoped it would in a portable unit. I bought this unit for my son as a Christmas present. We live in western NY and our weather 
Great product. This shredder although a bit more expensive than others is worth every penny. Shreds great,looks stylish. Highly recommended  
Great classroom tool!. This works great for powerpoints and website exploration in the classroom. I work in a 2nd grade class so having the freedom to walk around the room 
Sony SU-RS11X Stand is great for Sony 60. I love the stand, looks like steel but more of a combination of nicely done press-wood which was covered with a great 
A SOLID SYSTEM. Hands down, this is the best budget stereo system for the price. Period.  
Very good deal for a reliable product. I bought this card to be used with an IPAQ HW6945 it has enough capacity for GPS maps, programs and some music a 
Pleased as Punch. After doing a fair amount of Internet research about MP3 players and their features I was under the impression that I would go with an iPod. Having 
Words Great and Looks Great. I needed something to put my 26 LCD TV on and something that would fit the cable box underneath,to save room on the dresser in 
Excellent. I bought my son the Creative Zen Micro Photo and he LOVES it, he got it as a graduation gift. I bought this one in pink for myself, get 
A Great Storage Device. I really like the Fellows Nylon CD Album 320-Disc Capacity . I have cleared out an area in my dresser that was filled with all my 
Good SATA Drive Enclosure. One of the few of these type of items available on the market. I bought it with great trepidation after reading all the reviews. I had 
Nice memory ,but is very litle. This memory is litle than I thougt , but very secure and very cute  
Great Protection. This clear case gives you good protection without adding much weight or bulk. Its very hard to tell that the ipod is even in the case unless you 
Sturdy, reliable media. I ve run through about 30 Ridata dual-layer DVDs thus far almost without untoward incident the one exception being due, I suspect, to an operator error . 
Low price, good product. The machine was well priced for what you get. It s easy to setup and has a resonable memory capacity. The message play back sound quality 
Well made, but pricey. If you don t care about price, this antenna is probably one of the best out there. Rugged, with grounding points, and weatherproof. It reeks quality. 
Totally fun product, next versions will be even more awesome. Being able to access digital media from my tv and hifi system by remote, from the couch is awesome.The product 
Great deal for the money!. I ve read other reviews for this product that have people complaining about losing their data when the batteries are changed. THIS IS NOT TRUE 
Almost as good as the original. I ll admit, I lost my original stylus while moving my home, so I had to buy a replacement.Pro: This new stylus works just 
Speaker Mount. The ceiling speaker mount was easy to install. I mounted a 12 pound speaker on the mount, which was designed to support up to 20 pounds. It held 
Like it but it s not perfect. If you use it in the same general area and aren t overcrowded with radio stations it should work fairly well. It s 
Great sound, great features, great price. The sound quality in this little alarm clock radio is great. I listened to it in The Apple Store and decided I needed one 
Great But I Lost It!. I liked it but after attempting to use the little key chain thing it broke and fell off and I lost it.  
Excellent product. I got the Soundsticks to use as a home stereo in a small room. I wasn t expecting superb sound quality and the Soundsticks really suprised me with 
Device and software OK, GuitarPort Online is fantastic. This is an excellent practice learning device.I was pretty dissapointed with the quality of the tone and emulations, but that s not 
Performs Better Than Advertised. I was skeptical of the claims stated for this product. I have been fooled by marketing people before. But this does what is advertised. I was 
bose is steady. Are they the best no.. Do they impress people who havent hear them before YES!! To me thats the best compliment, they are much more objective listenerswith 
gps antenna. This item definity improves the reception of your gps unit, I now have a minimum of 7 to 9 satelites guiding me when we are taking a trip..... 
Perfect product for me. Came quickly and was exactly as offered. I am completly satisfie  
By Far the Best Antenna I ve ever used. I was quite amazed at the reception this little antenna provides. I can pick up so many more channels than I 
Perfect. I have the bigger 20g iPod because I wanted to have hours of music at my disposal when I go on my training runs 5k, 10k, half-marathon and when 
Sleek and Practical. I ordered this from Amazon after checking it out in a store and on the Salamander website. Has great features - finally a system that lets you 
it works. the drive works well, seems to copy items pretty quickly with firewire connection. the orange rubber cover looks cooler than it is - sort of flimsy & removeable. 
GREAT PRODUCT. Brother DK-1207 CD DVD Label Roll works perfectly as expected. I joined Amazon Prime & the shipping time was amazing  
Best compact but roomy rolling laptop bag you can buy. I have looked at many - Delsey, Tumi, Targus, Samsonite, Swiss Army, you name it.This one has it all:-Ultra lightweight.-All 
I love it. I m coming to Amazon to buy one for my wife too. Both of our cars have got AUX jacks, allowing us to listen to the iPod, 
Ease of use and reliability. I purchased this product for my work in order to curb the necessity of installing our Canon s software onto all computers. This product does 
fine little antenna. Radio Shack wanted 39.95 for a similar item so at 9.95 this was a steal - swr is good and performance is as much as I need 
Excellent Product!. This LifeCam has the best quality for the money. You can t go wrong. Vivid and detailed images and easy, easy set-up and installation. Works great with Vista 
Great Protection... This case is a little pricey...but so is the MacBook. And so if you want great protection for your pricey buy, go ahead and purchase this case. I 
Things to consider if you re getting a 2GB card. I purchased the 2GB Elite Pro SD card but found out that my older SimpleTech FlashLink card reader is not 
Don t buy a new CD player. Over the course of the last few months my CD player had gone from the occasional skip to eventually not being able to 
Just order another one. Gread CD Wallets. Already own the Velocity 320 CD wallets and Velocity 264 CD Wallets. I just ordered another Velocity 96 CD wallets because of the 
Works as expected, with extras. Quick Background:I have been using the Pharos GPS kit for the Dell Axim x3i. When I upgraded to an Axim x50v I wanted to continue 
I Love this product. This is a great armband. I have been using it for several months and have had not issues with it. It stays on when I run 
Excellent card. This card is lightning fast. I am using it with my Canon SD700 and works great. Only drawback is that it is slightly expensive, but quality never comes 
The mouse is fine. The buying experience, not so much. I needed three of these mice. For reasons that are STILL unknown, Amazon forced me to purchase one mouse three 
GREAT. I bought a pair of these earphones a few months ago and they are great. The sound quality is excelent, the external noise isolation is amazing! It comes with 
Lots of discs are a very good thing... As a person who has used lots of writable CD and DVD products I would highly recommend this product. I have yet 
Great Buy. This product is worth buying. Great price compared to the store prices.Wasnt hard to to put up and plenty of space to put wires in back. Just need 
Fantastic!!!. I received my Bravia today. It is incredibe, even without an HD source--got my HD cable box being installed Monday, can t wait. No problems with delivery. Setup is 
What a bargain!. Easy to install! I finally got rid of my old CD player. This was easy to fill with CD s.  
Very cool, very useful, and very informative. I was a bit dubious about swapping out my regular cyclocomputer, especially for the extra dollars. Could something like the Edge 205 really 
Grey, not black. Nice custom fitted case for the Tom Tom One. I was disappointed with the misleading advertising photos which portray a black case. You actually get a dull 
Great Printer for the money. The printer arrived as promised and following the simple set up instructions, I was able to print my first document in less than 20 minutes. 
Nearly all in one!!. This device has nearly everything you can wish for:- Fm Tuner,Speakers,ability to load using Windows drag and drop and not have to use Media player, with 
Good. This is a good webcam for a first timer which i am altough the camera sends the sound b4 the picture so its not excactly in sync all the 
If you like Tivo and XM radio then you ll like this player. First things first: this is NOT a portable XM radio. It can only receive live XM broadcasts 
Video Converter. I purchased the Plextor converter on advice of NERO. They claimed that it would be compatible with their software. After I plugged it in and tried to convert 
Ideal for a standard entertainment setup. This remote saved my nightstand space and has brought me great joy. I didn t have as much of an issue with the SET 
Great deal!. This is a very nice printer, especially for the price. Quick printing, good quality  
Almost completely compatible... This remote works very well, but I only have two gripes...1. The real Apple Remote sends a return instead of a space for the play button, and 
Great Product. This turntable exceeds my expectations. Works smoothly and quietly. Also is much sturdier than I expected  
Pretty Good Book Thing. Sometimes I need to have a few books open at the same time, and still have clear desk space for note taking. I used to keep 
good camera for the price i guess. i still think the picture could be better, common it s 2007 already!! works great with msn messenger  
Great Machine but be cautious if you re a Mac user!. This is a great all-in-one copying and printing machine but works poorly with apple computers! We have had so 
great product. The product came in a timely fashion and was exactly what I wanted. I have not yet been able to fill up the memory with my camera, but 
A great printer. This is the only printer I found that did everything I wanted:- network connectivity using wired - 2 trays- duplex printing- inkjet w photo quality- actually a 
look good, sound good. these speakers look exactly as they appear in the photos. They have a clean, simple stylish design. They sound as good as we can expect for 
Works perfectly!. I ve had this card for about 1 1 2 years now and it has performed flawlessly. It has seen thousands of photos no exaggeration! on my digital 
Just what I was looking for. This little device is everything I wanted and I got it from Amazon for a good price too.Pros: size sound features radio, video, pictures, 
Amazing!!!!. This ihome is like the best thing to get your ipod! Its has quality sound, and you can listen to the radio! The best part is that you can 
Does its job well. This case is perfectly functional and actually looks good. It is transluscent with a circular cut-out on the back for the Apple logo, so it doesn 
Great For XM kinda Okay for MP3. When i first got this device it was okay with it i liked that it can record XM which i find really awesome. 
Good value for money. Batteries have quite a long life, and recharging takes one hour  
Excellent Value. This was an excellent purchase. As we all know about the outrageous prices for HDMI cables from Monster. This cable which is connected to my cable box ti 
Excellent delivery. We were amazed how fast we received our leapfrog wireless remote control. We couldn t have been happier with the price and the service of delivery. Thank you. 
Great Product!!!. I just bought one of these at Linens & Things for 29.95, minus the 20 coupon that was in my Sunday newspaper. It s great! Took me less 
Great to have mixable media for travel. A recent review I read in PC Magazine where they felt the ATRACformat was noisy, not the case. A disk I started using 
Fine. As usual for any order by or through Amazon the price was right, the delivery was fine and the product fine  
Very Good TV. I m very happy with the set. Although not listed in the specs, it must have a QAM tuner, because I am able to watch unscrambled digital 
Good!. When I first opened it up, I thought it kinda looked shabby. Its made out of plastic but doesn t look rly shabby...just kinda.I really like the 3 extra 
absolutely good one. I bought this cable half minded reading the other reviews and i was bit worried whether it will work. When i hooked up the cable between my 
excellent. It took a few minutes to figure out how to slide the things all the way into my ear, but after i got it down, they work beautifully! No 
A Great Accessory for the Gym. The iRiver pops easily into the holder and stays there. I like the angle at which the iRiver faces while in the holder because 
1 GHz memory card. Great memory card for the price. I would highly recommen  
Works as Advertised. This product simply worked as advertized. The quality of music from my mp3 player through my car s premium sound system does not appear to be degraded 
Very Pleased. I m not really a get in there and mess around computer guy, but this card was a great purchase. Pop it in, connect the tv cord, install 
Sony TV Stand. We looked at many TV stands to go with the Sony TV we were buying. Only a few were worth considering, but finally decided to go with 
Easy to use, and good quality product. It fits good both my job Dell Latitude and my personal ibook. it s easy to use, and feels saf  
Sleek design, easy setup - A few problems. I would have given it 5 stars if it werent for the few problems I am having.Problem 1. When using the cable 
Norelco Cool Skin 7735X 7737X cordless shaver factory reconditioned . Excellent product and user-friendly ordering process with good delivery tim  
Easy to use and reliable. Our FR114P was damaged by a lightening surge, and Netgear replaced it under warranty. I surge-protected the second one and we have used it for 
happy so far. i am pleased with the projector so far. i i am using it on the wall at a distance of about 10 feet that gives me a 
Sony RDCW500C CD Player Recorder. Nice as a 5 CD changer. OK as a recorder. I wanted this to convert 33 RPM Records to CD s. Many times I need 
Excellent phone. Have had several Panasonics and after reading on-line reviews, decided to try something else. I had several problems with the Panasonics. I own a Motorola cell phone & 
Good drive. Amazon service was fast. Drive installed easily and is working well after 3 weeks  
so awesome. I kept handing out my one drive to give receive some files, wouldn t see it back for a week or longer. These are so crazy cheap that 
Good Product. Easy to install within 20 minutes, and that s going carefully. I wasn t able to intercept the hotspot near my house, but when I get closer, this 
case logic dvd storage tray. The case logic dvd storage tray is wonderful! The dvd storage tray easily mounts on the wall of a home apartment. The dvd storage tray 
Wireless gaming is the best. The controller is exactly like the Microsoft controller so the transission is easy plus the freedom of being up to 30 feet away from the 
Excellent Buy. Sound great and look great and a very good price. Would buy again in a second. Very happy  
Best for its price. 24 ports Gig switch that handles large files, 2 meg buffer, low price, rack mountable, reliable manufacturer - great stuf  
Great Television. This television is an absolutely great purchase! The picture is very clear and has a great viewing angle. The only problem I have had is in the sound 
does what I want. I wanted to set a timer for certain events. This does exactly what I want very well, at a very fair price. After reading the reviews, 
ipod nano case. I had got this case for christmass and It looks so good on my ipod nano, but after a couple of opening and closing the magnent started 
Works great!. I love this radio. It s the best shower radio I ve tried. Worth the extra money  
Sony CDP-CE375 5-C D Changer. We have truly enjoyed our CD changer and have had no problems with it at all. We like Sony products and this one have proved 
Well-designed, sturdy, flexible. I installed these on two LCD monitors, a 17 ViewSonic and 18 Dell. The unit is very easy to assemble. You can instantly change the height, angle, 
Great Budget Setup. I got these after purchasing a Denon 2807 mostly for it s HDMI ability and feeling that it was being underutilized on my stereo speakers.I picked them 
excellent product. I have used HP s toner cartridge most of the time for my 10 year old HP Laserjet Printer. It gives good black printing and lasts a very 
Best wireless keyboard I ve used. I got this keyboard about a month ago, and I ve been using it regularly since. It s very nice compared to other wireless 
Awesome. 4 gig in such a small package. It is so great to have to not worry about if you have enough room or not while on the road. While 
A great addition for your inMotion speakers. I purchased the Altec Lansing sub-woofer to add some bass to my inMotion speakers and was very surprised and pleased at how much 
Don t try another brand of DVD ,- R. I never write reviews, but these dvd s are the best recordable media I have ever used. I used my fair 
HAD TO HAVE THE RPN LOGIC. The price of this calculator was about twice as much as I wanted to pay, but I had to have the RPN capability. When 
Western Digital Passport 120GB External Hard Drive. This is just Great. Lots of storage for data files and pictures. Allows me to keep my file with me where ever I 
Wonderful picture, feature set, sound, I love it!. This is my first plasma TV and I love it. We bought this to put the icing on the cake after having 
Great First Time GPS. I just received my X930 and used it to hunt down garage sales in a large city near my small town. It cut my time in 
Can t live without it.... I just love this little MP3 player. I have about 300 songs on it and still have 4MB left. I don t think I ll 
Great. High speed reader that works flawlessly and at high speed. All you need for your card and computer  
Ipod who? Zune who?. This is absolutely the best mp3 i have ever owned. What makes it the best?1. 16 million color 2.5 LCD touchscreen.2. Battery life is too good 
Jakob from England doesn t know much...... The cable itself if phenominal. When I bought my first DVD player I bought along with it Monster S and Optical cables, and 
Cruising w optics. I have been very pleased with the performance and ease of operation of the LX7 cordless optical mouse I purchased. It has greatly enhanced the use of 
Perfect Connection. These were not easy to find...until I searched Amazon. They are actual Monster brand and fit perfect  
Great strap, but....Hello Canon....wheres your brain ???. I owned the Canon EOS 1-d, which I sold to obtain the &quot;latest-greatest&quot; EOS 1-d Mark II. My first model 1-d came with 
Listening Pleasure. I enjoy my new headphones. They are of an affordable quality and make listening a pleasure  
Just what I was hoping for,. Before purchasing this Wacom, I did a lot of research and decided it was probably worth a few extra bucks to get one with 
Feedback on Samsung LNS3241D 32 LCD HDTV. The product arrived according to the scheduled time and was in new condition as expected. The quality is also excellent  
Totally Secure. I got this jacket a month into having my ipod. I had to buy it because I had been using the one that comes with the ipod and 
I love it so far!. I bought this MP3 player from eBay for about 68 bucks. I love it! It s much smaller than I thought. It s light and 
Good mic at a great price. Better for interviews than the built-in mic on Olympus voice recorders. It s not as sensitive, though  
Good product and on time delivery. The delivery and the product was good. I got what i was expecting  
Excellent, but not for the vinyl traditionalist... Updated 03 April 2005 The AT440ML is widely regarded as a great quality phono cartridge, but there is some controversy. I ve been 
Does what I bought it to do. I wanted something inexpensive to use to remotely advance my PowerPoint slides in my college classes. This does the job perfectly for under 
Memory stick PRO. Works very well. Unfortunately, not for what I intended as I hadn t realised there is a diference between the Pro and Duo cards  
I ll keep it for now. Mainly bought this item as a mouse replacement and was tired of using the touchpad on my laptop.For anyone who likes to use SonicStage 
DO the JOB. These headphones are very good for running as they are light and they go around your ears. They are good for sports in general but lack in 
Quick&Easy. In and out, very quick and easy to use, and worked perfectly the first time  
Nice phone good price. Works well, good sound nice features. I d recommend this phone  
Great Mouse 4 1 2 stars . Most people will think this is a minimouse, but not at all, this is a small big-mouse or a big mini-mouse, i have 
An eyesaver. This monitor stand is worth every penny, and considering the price, that really isnt that many pennies. What a monitor stand does is it raises the monitor to 
good. I ve had this printer for one month, so far so good. except the ink runs too fast  
SAMSUNG PRODUCT BACKUP. I HAD SIMILAR PROBLEM WITH TV NOT TURNING ON, AFTER HAVING PURCHASE A YEAR AGO. FOR ALMOST YEAR IT WORKED GREAT !!TRIED ALL SOLUTIONS GIVEN TO ME, 
It really works. It works clean and prefect. What else can be said but get it  
Everything the reviews said they were. Out of the box, these earphones are superior any of my other head earphones. I have Bose QC II that are excellent, and the 
Kick Ass. This product works great! It keeps my 20GB iPod safe and dry, even in the rain! I recomend it for anyone who needs to keep their in a 
Two Years and Still Happy!. I purchased my Samsung 56 DLP nearly two years 6 05 ago and even though I paid a higher price than other reviewers it was 
Works like a charm. I m very happy with this device. The suction cup holds very securly. I would advise anyone who buys a satellite receiver to skip the adhesive 
Awesome screen. The screen is fantastic. I would have given it a 5, but unfortunately, it malfunctioned just 2 days after very slight usage : That is a shame. I 
So easy a caveman could do it... and what a great price. It is sturdy and does not take up a lot of room. I love it. My husband put 
ASUS motherboards are great. I m not really sure what happened with the first reviewer of this board but ASUS is top notch quality boards. Honestly, if you are not 
Great Starter or Back-Up !!!. I am partial to Uniden anyway, however this CB is great for a first time user or as a back up to a more expensive 
Good Value. I have been enjoying these speakers outside by my pool for several months now, and the quality of the sound is excellent, particularly given the reasonable price. I 
Great buy. This is a great buy! Although I can t even set the darn thing up correctly to do basic things like view my playstation through my television, it 
My Coby is Special to Me. My Coby is the best gift I ever had. My Coby works really well. I like the favorite color of it and I like 
No Problems. I have owned this product since last summer. I have not had any problems with it. The switch was easy to set up and install. I currently have 
 Try it, you ll buy it! . This is a really nice receiver. A feature I like is that it is XM Radio ready. I bought the hook up 
comfy but not gel all the way through. Item works but I was wanting solid gel not foam wraped around gel  
GREAT ITEM! No More Telemarketers!!. I bought the telezapper in the past for 40, and after about 2 years, it suddenly stopped working. I just bought another one in April 
love my new printer. I am very happy with my new Canon Pixma IP4300 printer. I especially like the feature that automatically turns the printer on if I send a 
Targus PA870u. I have had this item for about a year. I got it for my Dell Axim 5. I really like the full size keyboard. It took no time 
Nice Minimalist Amp with Strange Feature. My feature-laden Yamaha RX-577 receiver amp finally gave up after 11 years of service, and since we now live in the country with little 
Great phones; easy set-up. These phones are great. Sound quality is very good, including the speaker phone option. Phones have many handy features, and all features are intuitive to use. 
Not that comfortable for me. I purchased this for jogging. I m an average-size female and found these arm bands I bought 2 so far are too large for my 
Toshiba TV. TV arrived in about 2 weeks. Delivery persons brought it in, set it up and took all the packaging away. Perfect! TV works great  
Oregon Scientific Weather Radio. This product is very good. We already have one and wanted another for our niece who just moved here  
love it love it loe it. i was so tired of buying ink only to have them run out or the heads to dry up I ll use laser jets 
Maybe it s only me... But I love these cases. I have had no problems with them yet. They snap closed, stay closed and are fairly sturdy. Granted, I do 
The product is very good. but the shipping is bad. I live in seattle, and it s shipped to Kent. Never shipped to my home and ask me to pick 
Excellent mount for lcd TV. I am very satisfied with how well this swingout arm wall mount works. It is very heavy duty and handles my 32 inch Hyundai Q320 
SILICONE CASE. This case is exactly what it say it is. It works good and is functional.  
Very well made and efficient. I found this overnight laptop bag to be a nice change from lugging a laptop bag over the shoulder. Nice space for documents, office needs 
Excellent HUI Jog Shuttle Wheel. This is an excellent bit of kit. I use it for editing in Mackie Tracktion. The included software was simple to set up. There are 
Targus PA870u. I have had this item for about a year. I got it for my Dell Axim 5. I really like the full size keyboard. It took no time 
small but necessary item. the item ordered performs well in what it is supposed to do  
Sanus Systems Model VMAAA18 TV Mount. This is a very good product which performs exactly as advertised. The design and manufacture of this mount are as good, or better, than 
good fit. good and perfect fit to keep the keyboard free and clear of dirt, food etc  
Epson is the best. By far this is the best printer I ve had I been buying epson for many years if you like your pictures to have that pro 
Quite good for the price. This little reader is fast and as easy to use as a USB flash drive. Pop in your card, plug it in, and wahlah, all 
watch out where you plug in your laptop. The one in our bedroom wouldn t always work, couldn t hear the kids calling. I was unplugging my laptop charger at 
Great watch. What about a light?. Totally love this watch wish it were fancier , but why not put a light on the dial? I always have to move into 
Antenna. The previous review that mentions antennas are key to a good CB setup is correct. For a normal CB user I would recommend either the Wilson lil Wil or 
Outstanding with one minor issue. TV is outstanding however I have one minor issue. When the picture is dark or all black you can see some uneven brightness in the 
Great for travel, and for the office. I love this little speaker system and now have one in the office and one at home for moving around the apartment and 
Absolutely Amazing. This is the best TV on the market! Consumer Reports ranks it number one again this year 500U last year . Please turn the settings down out of 
money well spent. I was burned by another company with I bought their product and they didn t offer a replacement plan. The item died and no one can repair 
100 Pack Memorex DVD R. Not a coaster in the bunch. I started using these a year back and have stuck with a winner. I won t buy anything else. 
Works in Fuji and Olympus. I have been using xD cards for several years and find them very reliable. They are interchangeable between my C-50 and S9100  
Basic way to carry your MacBook. Hard shell case, perfect size, great protection and padding. Could have more room for charger, etc. but fits well in a suitcase. Not badly 
My first one broke within a week. I bought this unit after reading the reviews here. I really like it. It is great for plugging in your ipod at work 
best deal I could find. I ve heard that Sony is the best from reliable sources, but these were the best deal I could find; and they seem to work 
Love it!. I just got it today and I love it. It s a regular alarm clock with a nap timer. It s easy to use and the nap timer 
Awesome Sportsband. I recently bought the sportsband for my nano ipod to go with the sports kit, and it s great. It s much better than the nike armband imo 
Good & cheap. You lose the retail packaging and get to steal 2GB for twenty-some dollars from a reputable company. I tripled the storage capacity of my 250 smart phone 
good product but where is the Amazon customer service!. The creative MP3 player is a great little friend to have, at half volume it is louder than an I-pod at 
Works even if your shuffle is in a case. The included Shuffle dock is great... unless your Shuffle is in a case. It s a pain to remove the case 
Perfect if you re a minimalist. So I waited a few weeks before i got my MoGo but now that i have it i love it. I am not a 
nice little tv. I bought this tv for use in a computer room kid s playroom and it works nicely. I looked at several similar models and was drawn to 
I love my 15-pin d-sub vga cable... This cable was delivered in excellent shape, no bent pins etc....It works great...  
Garmin 205 Love it!!!. The Garmin 205 has been a great addition to my cycling training. My only regret is not getting the Edge 305 that offers the heart rate 
Excellent service. The best product available. The price is great. On time delivery, and sooner than expected.Thanks Amazo  
Excellent little boxes!. Just bought a pair of these, coupled with a 10 Subwoofer also from Polk and the combination is great - fills a 14 x 28 room with 
Power cord works great. The direct power cord has allowed me to keep an open socket on me cigarette adapter. When done, just push cord back into defroster dash area 
Best in Class. If you own a Canon digital camera this printer is great. It is portable and makes great prints. People think they are from a photolab. It is 
Everything advertised. A very good product - definitely recommended. The only thing I would change to improve the product would be allowing wires to somehow be run in a concealed 
great monitor, great price. Overall I found this to be a very good monitor at a fantastic price. I am a picky buyer, and am contemplating buying another one! I 
Sony ICF-CD73V Shower CD Player Clock Radio White . I love this radio cd player clock radio. I actually do use it in the shower every day. It has really 
Works great most of the time. I love the way this mouse just feels when its using it and everything is working correctly... but sometimes when I boot up my 
Great notebook case. This case is great for value and for space..for the most part. It s actually really hard to find a good value leather case for a 15.4 
It s very nice. The iAudio U2 mp3 players were the Editors Choice on CNET. They ve been replaced by newer fancier models, but this works fine for me. The 
Great Headset. I have had for a few days now and I can say this headset is very good quality. For the ventrillo problem one person had in a earlier 
Great DVD storage item. I have just purchased my 5th case logic DVD album. This is the greatest way to store DVD s  
AWESOME PLAYER!. Don t be put off by Carlos s review. I don t know what the deal is there. This is the first review I ve written and it 
If you are looking for a PDA Laptop GPA, don t get anything other than this!. This is the most accurate GPS I have ever used. It states accuracy within 
Great product,,, Tv not good. The product is pretty well, it desing is well, and it have dolby processor with digital out.The Tv isn t very good with broadcast signal, 
It s good. I got this for my palm TX. It s good, meets my expectations and definitely much better than the palm screen protector. My feedback:1 Exact size; no 
Works good. Got this case so my granddaughter could watch videos on her portable player while going on a long trip in the car. Straps are a little tricky at 
Improved Reception. I bought my Mom a small TV VCR combo for her bedroom. We first used standard cables from a well known electric company , and had a drab, 
Great speakers but best in a theater. I have the whole set these babys are good but if you want them for 2-channel music either step up to the 750 
256 MB JumpDrive Secure II. I use this jump drive every day at school. I have all of my class stuff, the ZSNES Super Nintendo Emulator, Games, and the USB 
Quite Nice. Well done, TI! Purchased for College Statistics, would be doomed without this... Only occasionally refer to the manual after having practiced the keystrokes for a day or so. 
Batteries & Charger. Voltage input can be either 110VAC or 220VAC, which is very important in other countries. Nickel Metal Hydride batteries are better than old fashioned rechargables because they 
Kingston 1GB SD Card Review. Great value for your money. Kingston has always been a reliable memory chip company and the same goes for this product.  
Just what I need. I purchased this based on the reviews of being metal and very sturdy. Well it definitely works well on my Canon A620 and I also purchased 
It outshines the rest. I just want to let everyone know that I was extremely impressed with this Samsung 1080p TV. I starting playing PS3 games right away, and boy 
Good comfort for 17 inch Laptops. The filling of the handles and the back will make you feel extremely comfortable even when carrying a heavy laptop and a couple of 
100 better then the armband it comes with. This is one ofthose items where simlpe-stupid seems to work best. The armband that the iRiver comes with is one of the 
Great Scanner. The Bearcat BC72XLT arrived promptly. It is easy to use and the reception is really great except my local police have moved to much higher UHF so I 
very good small radio. This is a very good radio, well-built, acceptable reception by considering its size and price. The quality of the sound is great. It also shows time 
Nice buds, and great customer service. These are nice earbuds for the price -- the sound quality is up there with earbuds costing twice as much. The buds do very 
Worth every penny and it doesn t cost a lot of pennies!. I purchased this for my daughter who is beginning piano lessons. We have been very impressed with the 
Usable but not perfect. I originally bought this for my 20D with the BG-E2 batterygrip and when it arrived found that no instructions on how to safely attach it were 
awesome stereo mic.. This works great. Good sound, easy to use.. great purchase.  
Audiophile Audio. Seeking an alternative to the Apple OEM earbuds, I ordered a set of these Sennheiser earphones. Sennheiser products are known for having a particular sound quality that I 
Very good for Statistics. This calculator is great for my intro statistics class. The setup is similar to the TI-83, but there is more memory and more functions. It processes 
I love the pen. My wife and I bought this product for our iMac and it works just fine. I like the pen very much and rarely used the mouse. 
Works as promised. Bought this to use with my ipod when my wife and I listen together. I like the Shure in ear headphones and she likes the over-your ear 
Don t pass up this antenna. After reading lots of mixed reviews on this antenna i decided to give it a try. WOW, am i glad i bought this antenna. 
Buy this plasma and you won t regret it!. After a year and a half of price watching and comparison, I purchased this plasma from Amazon for 1149. What a 
8 IN 1 CARD READER. WORKS FINE FOR ME BUT FOUND IT ON KODAK WEB PAGE FOR ABOUT HALF THE PRICE. THANK YOU  
iM716 ..........current bargain amongst iem s. This is not my first InEarMonitor purchase. Prior to the iM716, I have been using Etymotics er-6i both amped and unamped , which I 
The best I could find. Before purchasing this case, I researched iPod cases for over a month, and even purchased and later returned a different case. I wanted something that 
Great TV. We specifically bought based on Consumer Reports rating and it is everything CR said it was  
The best Surge Protector I ve Ever bought. It is worth the . I hooked up all my electronics to it. The plugs are held extremely tight, and they will 
RAM DVDs are great -- on suitable players!!!. After only a limited exposure on a new Panasonic DVD recorder, I am a fan of the DVD RAM format. While I 
excellent. Great product! Needed it for my son s class, he loved it. Reasonably priced. So much easier to buy it from Amazon and cheaper! when everyone needs it for 
leather computer case. item recieved in a timely manner. The computer case was exactly as displayed. Very satisified in overall purchase.  
Super Light Works Great. Hey.. this phone is super light and it works great.It gets good reception throughout the house and even outback when I go to the garage. Funny 
Remanufactured Brother EMFC-8220 Laser Multifunction Center. Black and White laser printer does great job of printing. Everything works. 250 sheet paper tray. Normal text prints at about 18-20 pages a 
too late. The unit was great and has preformed well. The only problem I have is that it is now obsolite.  
Its an Inkjet cartridge- high capacity. I always buy this size because it lasts so much longer and sometimes you can find it for the same price as the normal 
These Earphones are Brilliant!. I ve gone back and re-ripped all of my songs at 192kps to take full advantage of what these earphones have to offer. I m going 
Great standard mouse. Very responsive, nice feel, I bought this one to replace an older Kensington optical mouse and I still use the older one on another computer. Built to 
Great TV, had it 2 yrs and still runs great. Ive had this TV for 2 yrs now. Im a college student and bought it coz it was very reasonably 
Good little receiver. I have several shortwave radios, but this has become the one I use the most because of it s small size, generally good performance and ease of 
Quick and easy setup. My customer was looking for a universal docking station to allow for usage with multiple laptops. This was the second universal docking station I tried. The 
Definately Worth Buying. Before buying this antenna, I relied on a small, amplified indoor antenna above my TV. I live in a rural area about 2-15 miles from the broadcast 
Skullcandy SC-CTi Chick Stereo Headphones Pink . AMAZING headphones. I m a DJ for a radio station and these are the best headphones I ve owned! The sound is crisp 
Silence is golden. I gave these to my husband for Christmas. He likes them as he can hear every word spoken and I like them as I don t have 
Just Grate. 5 Stares I m Happy nuthing - to say grate Antenna Headphones for Xm and Amazon is grate fast on orde  
Solid Performer. We use this in a small business for invoicing and print brochures as well as general office copying. It is quiet, inexpensive to use and reliable. This is 
Good cdr s for the money. I like these cdrs the payback sounds great, only problem I have is that I use nero and I dont know if its nero 
Excellent Media - works great with NEC-3500A DVD-RW drive. I got this for free after main-in rebates when I bought NEC-3500A DVD-rw drive last Xmas time. I started using these 
Never had a probolem, works great. I have used over 100 of the dics to burn movies and otehr files and have never had a problem with the quiait. they 
YDS-10 IPOD Doc. I ordered this so that I could play my iPOD music on my new Yamaha AV receiver. It was easy to install and the receiver remote allow 
Great. it arrived quickly, intact, it works like it should, and there isn t much more to say. Kingston is a company that I trust and they back up the 
You get what you get. I have to admit, these have one downfall: they are not very durable. They last 2-4 months. But besides that, they are great.These are the 
good for the money. My sisters already had purchased this item so I got one so we could talk together. I think it does a good job for the money 
excellent product, but of course it is monster. If your a serious gamer and want the best quality money can buy, like me, I would highly suggest this product. Sounds 
Review. This product is worth every dollar. It is Audible ready so I can listen to my audio books and listen to my music. Fantastic!!!  
Great Screen Protector, Not so easy to install, though. This is a very helpfull screen protector... it really protects the screen from glares and scratches. Its pretty simple, but I 
very easy to use. this printer is great- its easy to use, there is really no need for a manual, prints pictures quickly and the color is excellent. i love 
Good Purchase. Everything works well - I bought this as I needed this as I work with Excel alot and needed the convenience of having a num pad. It works 
Good, reliable, and inexpensive. I ve had this hub for two months and have had no problems with it. Installation was a snap, as it should be for a basic 
Just what I was looking for!. This is simple to set up and operate. I wanted to transfer some VHS to DVD and this did the job  
Perfect. It s hard to critique such a simple item. It works great, and I ve had no problems  
Has a phone surge protector on board. The advantage of this surge protector-power strip is that there is a 2 outlet phone jack surge protector on board. I actually had 
Weather alert Monitor. I am pleased with the product and it worked a few nights ago when severe thurderstorms rolled thru. Wife said volume was a little loud when it 
love it!. it s great quality, it takes a little bit of getting used to in terms of use and presentation, but overall is a great music player  
A lot of Cd s. A lot of space -- My computer is over 5yrs old so I use these CD s as a great back up for storing all 
Radio. Like the radio, but at 40.00 it should have come with an AC power cord  
Held up for a year and a half after a motorcycle accident. I use this backpack to carry my laptop, books, shoes, lunch, gym clothes, etc. to work and school 
Good scientific calculator with nice features. This calculator is a good scientific based one with lots of great features for use in just about any engineering discipline. Overall I like 
It works. I bought 2 bargain recorders that had to be returned for repairs within weeks. Both had frequent burn errors and were real particular about the brand of disk 
Titanium is the way to go. Fast, nifty titanium shell, retractable usb connector. Sandisk is the best for thumbs - best warranty  
Canon Black ink Cartridge. Good price and quick delivery. The product is a Canon original and not a generic which the repairman told me never to use in my Canon 
quiet, but effective. It fits under my TV perfectly. The dark gray matches the TV so it s practically invisible. And, most important, it swivels smoothly, doing the job it 
I m OBSESSED with vibration!. This headset is amazing. It brings gaming and listening to music to a whole new level of enjoyment that I didn t even know existed. 
Very sleek, easy to use, quality throughout. This player is a great value. It may not be flashy with a nice color screen, but the display it provides is very 
Mini Mac DVI to VGA. Excelent product easy to use, easy to install and great quality of imag  
Cheap & Good. These earphones are the best I ever had. I never had to try other pairs of earphone because I absolutely loved these that I keep buying it! 
HD LCD TV. Didn t appear that I made the right choice when I first installed it out the box. But after a few adjustments I ve been very pleased 
5 stars for its price!. Nice little Mic. It should have a clip to use it more comfortably  
Best all around LCD TV. I spent a long time looking up diffrent LCD TVs. This TV has it all 1080I Pc connection the speakers are on the bottom not 
The almost perfect GPS-- Garmin GPS 276C. First, I purchased my 276c in September of 04 which means I ve been using about 3 months. It was purchased to replace 
HP Scanjet 4370 does the job. Scanner is simple to install and use. The ability to place multiple photos on glass and have each filed as a separate file is 
Viking vs. Sandisk. First I bought a sandisk and after a month of use got damaged, I tryed to comunicate with them a lot, they have the worst customer service, 
Sylvania 6620LDG 20 Flat Panel LCD TV with Built in DVD player. Light weight, space saving very attractive design. Sharp Picture, Good sound quality and quick response time. DVD playback 
I love it. Very Fastshiping.The item was good and new. i love it.Thank you  
Sleek but not small. I was looking for a bag just for the laptop and power source--something I could bring to and from school along with my backpack full of 
Love It!. Great, and easy to use. Dvd s look amazing via the HDMI on my Sony 50 SXRD. Home entertainment at its best  
Great little remote. When my Toshiba VCR remote starting giving me problems, I decided to look into a Universal replacement. I don t care for their usual bulkiness, so this 
Content is king. Pros: Three customizable video profiles movies, broadcast TV... ; Excellent brightness and contrast; good viewing angles L & R of center; Generous input options;Cons: Big, centered on 
Father s Day Present. My husband told me he would like a Sony RM-AX4000 HomeTheater Remote Control for Father s Day. As Father s Dayapproached, I realized I couldn t 
Very pleased. First of all, I can t believe I actually replaced my cd drive, but my brother said I could do it. I ve made lots of cds with 
Great Replacement for Linksys 4-port model. I bought this for a small office LAN which was using a 4-port Linksys router. I considered wireless for them, but since it is 
You get what you pay for. I originally bought this CD case for my car, because I listen to CDs the most while driving. This was not a good case 
Great for College Students. I purchased this item for my college bound boyfriend who is studying music. He uses it to record himself on drums, then transfers it to the 
A portable player with an endless library. Firstly, understand what this player is NOT. It is not a receiver that will allow you to receive Live XM broadcasts when you 
Great Monster Cables @ Low Amazon Prices. I checked out these Ultra Series THX 800 HDMI Video cables at Infinity Electronics, and their low discounted price was 149.99 for exactly 
awesome. I originally bought an Acoustic Research AW-811 wireless speaker but the unit wouldn t power up after using it a few times. Then I bought the Music Sphere and 
Good value. I purchased this joystick and have about 10 to 15 hours in on it at the time of this review. Overall it s a good stick. I thought 
awesome battery booster. This product is, in my opinion, all that anyone could ever want in an iPod external battery. When I go on long trips via airplane, I can 
I love the picture on the Samsung 26 HDTV. The picture is phenomenal! The TV fits easily in a small space, but has a good size picture even sitting 6 
Great product, excellent USB performance. This adapter gives us consistently excellent range and signal at least 80 anywhere in our 2700 sq ft two-story home. The adapter also works with 
THIS IS A WINNER. THE RANGE OF THIS ROUTER WAS SEVERAL TIMES FURTHUR THAN ANYTHING I HAVE TRIED BEFORE.I WOULD BUY THIS PRODUCT AGAIN. .. DIC  
Very nice piece of equipment. The other reviews I am reading about this clock do not do it justice. I just opened it 20 minutes ago, and it s on 
Improvement over stock antenna. Improves reception in Florida for a Stilletto 100. Significantly better cable. Worth the cost  
Worth the money. This WorldWide charger is the best that i have ever used. I use this mainly for my camera. Nowadays I don t even bother to charge frequently.But 
Excellent product that can be used both for business and art. I own several tablets and use them instead of the mouse. The addition of the JustWrite and Ever Notes 
Not for metal studs. NOTE: this product will only work on walls with wood studs. No metal studs.See the sanus website for installation manual and more details  
Noticeably Faster!. Just installed it following the directions from a previous review on this site...THANKS. Its fast! The card DOES SUPPORT WPA ENCRYPTION, just don t install or use the 
No Complaints. If you go slow through the installation instructions and plan ahead for wall clearances and access to your hook ups on the back of the T.V., this bracket 
This truly deserves a 5 star. It s straightforward... and that is something very TECHNOLOGICAL in contrast to books that give you this mindf ck ng edge that makes you 
HP Ipaq hx 2495. I had an entry level iPaq - the 1910 - for a couple of years. Had lots of trouble with it some of which I believe 
works great as promised. when they say plug and play they are not lying;seamless work; no need for external power....works wel  
Excellent tv. We re 100 pleased with this product and with Amazon s delivery. The tv was easy to set up. We do not have high def cable, but the 
No magic, but a very good car GPS. I have read many customer reviews before buying this GPS. Now I see that many things mentioned by the reviewers differ from 
NICE PRODUCT; OUTSTANDING SERVICE. Hey, it s a floppy drive. Works very well; set-up easy.Best Thing: Great Seller, TigerDirect. Ordered at the height of Christmas Shipping chaos; received in 3 
Another Great Apple Invention!!. Small, cute design, pretty bright pink mettallic color and suits your music needs. Easy to use and did I mention cute? Get one!  
Quality discs with great colors. Memorex and other brands tend to be a bit less expensive, but I ve found that the build quality of these Sony color minidiscs are 
Great Navigation. I bought this for my daughter for xmas. I researched many before desiding on this one. I think it does a great job navigating and has some cool 
Better than my old Belkin model. It s speedy and space saving and inexpensive. I bought this to replace my Belkin because the Belkin needed to be plugged in. This 
Works fine. A little clunky and annoying to put together, but fine once its set up. I just use it to keep my keyboard set up in the corner of 
Great choice for my Nikon D70. I bought this card about 10 months ago to go with my Nikon D70 and I ve certainly had no regrets. I haven t 
Extraordinary Overclocking Potential. This is not the fastest chip on the market by any measure, but it certainly holds its own against chips that cost four times as much money 
Great speakers. If you are looking for decent speakers for a common home theater system, these are for you, I have had the Phoenix Gold speaker layout for over a 
Great upgrade over on-board sound. The last soundblaster I had used was a soundblaster Live a couple of years ago. Since then, I ve been relying on onboard sound on 
It works great, I love it!. At first I was worried about some of the negative reviews I ve read about this product. Instead of listening to those reviews, I 
Fabulous TV, Fabulous Price. This 32 LCD Aquos is quite possibly the best size quality price combination on the market. The picture is clearer than I could ever have hoped, 
Solid workhorse. We re using this to go from PC audio card to speakers for a small gym. It works very well. Simple. Low price point. Reliable.Lacks the bells and 
Recommended. A very nice case. It will fit a video 80GB iPod 5th gen , despite the 60 in the name. It is made of a durable plastic material that 
very good small radio. This is a very good radio, well-built, acceptable reception by considering its size and price. The quality of the sound is great. It also shows time 
Excellent Product-Infocus 24 Projector. We are completely satisfied with the Infocus 24 Projector. We purchased it for to be used for our home theatre and to be honest we are 
OUTSTANDING Razor. I have used Braun razors for years, but when my last one finally died, I bought a Panasonic. What a mistake. I took it back after trying it 
excellent receiver, exactly what I expected & more. I have just up-graded to a 40 HD samsung 1080p TV so I had to replace my 2 yr old onkyo 601 
Value exceeds the price. Just recently purchased this from amazon, a few hiccups with the shipping but these things happen, and since the price online was great and the shipping 
Nice Set, High Quality. For the price, it s a deal. I love the multi colored variety. These are pefect for computer cables, tv cables or many jobs around the 
There are worse things than death... And buying this failure is one of them. Using this little bugger to cool yourself off is as smart an idea as is using 
Sony Walkman MP3. Short and quick.Software is easy to use, but because Sony uses ATRAC, you can t play the songs on another program Windows etc. you downloaded or saved 
Easy to install, can t beat the Amazon price!!. My dad and I installed it in just an hour! It was very. You can t beat this price. I found 
Works as advertised and is cheap. Nothing special, works well. No problems. Blue recharging LED is a little too bright for my taste, but no big deal  
Excellent alternative to an Ipod. I ve had my SanDisk for about 2 months now, and I love it. I only use it while working out, so I wanted an 
Does a good job but does have a problem. I got mine on sale for about half-price so I have no complaints about the cost. It works very well and, 
works and seems solid. I have a ATSC settop box, w DVI and an old 17 analog LCD panel. I set the ATSC settop for 720p 1080i doesn t work 
Very good device, some assembly required. This is my second Harmony having owned the H688 previously , so I am already familiar with Logitech s quite improvable web programming system. 
very high quality. This is about the best you can do for a consumer-electronics quality cable. The picture is excellent. However, the audio converters in the ps2 are absolutely horrendous. 
A really nice case. I bought this case along with my Vaio SZ and its perfect. My Vaio fits into it nicely and it has lots of pockets on it 
Great!. Great little package with all I needed. Great sound, I don t hear any humming. I like it to have something to work by and it s light-weight to 
Oh the things you can buy for your iPod. After I bought my iPod a charger, a tape adapter, an FM broadcaster, a case, a running wheel, and a water 
completely satisfied. I ordered the TV on the 11th with a promised delivery date about the 21st. It arrived on the 15th in perfect condition. After plugging it in and 
Exactly what you d expect. I bought this for use in my Palm T|X to store files. I ve had it for about a month, but there have been no 
A Great Radio. If you are looking for the most bang for your buck, this is it. In this price-range you just cannot beat the performance and features of this 
Fine Speakers For The Price. These speakers are very fine considering the cost. Unless you need to blow out your windows with sound and care to spend what a washer 
Ge Corded Slimline Phone. It s a good phone, works well. I like the Caller ID & Function buttons being a different color than from the rest of the phone, 
It works. Great product to utilize your Microsoft GPS unit into a compact flash slot or your PC slot on a laptop.Comes with extension cord to attach to a window 
viking jump drive. It works sweet it saves my from dragging around my laptop  
Quiet, Simple, Effective. A friend loaned me her Whirlpool for a month before I decided to purchase this one. The Whirlpool unit was very loud and soured my already-skeptical spouse 
The best is now bigger and faster!. I ve had smaller XD cards for my Fuji S5000, but now with my S9000, I need something that won t full up 
Great case. I was skeptical when I ordered this case. I had used Rhinoskin products in the past with much success, so I took a leap of faith on this 
Best Ni-Mih rechargeable batteries. These battries live up to what Sanyo says. This is the first time ever that I don t feel I may run out of batteries or 
You Will Like This !. Works great for storing music collections. I have 60 CDs in mine and will buy another when it is full.CDs are safe and secure. The 
Good price, great inter-operability. I bought this receiver as a replacement for my college-era one.Besides having surround sound, I also needed a receiver which could accept Monster-type cables. My old 
Works Fine For My Needs. I was concerned about the mixed reviews of this product, but considering this scanner was so inexpensive I decided to try it myself. An instruction 
Really nice travel case for an ultra slim laptop. What can I say, its a really nice case! It fits the Vaio VGN-TXN15P perfectly! It has numerous pockets and it 
Peace of mind for the MacBook owners lovers !!!. Hi there,I am writing this review after having used the product for almost 2 months now. From the moment I bought 
Mom with Lots of Toys. As a mom whose children have A TON of electronic toys...these batteries are a godsend. In the past, I have been able to fill up 
Performs as a monitor too!!. This TV Monitor rocks!!I ve been looking for a combo computer monitor and TV that I could use in my office. This LCD does both 
great little monitors. These are affordable, great-sounding monitors, ideal for a beginning home studio on a budget. The first pair I bought had disturbing problems: one channel not functioning, and 
This is the greatest gadget in the world. I love it. Turn that nasty box off!! Best of all, it works almost everywhere!!!  
The best Ipod case out there. I never give out 5 star reviews, because I never feel any product is perfect, or complete. But I have to say, this is 
No problems, great cable. I ve had this cable for years now with no problems. Great price, great quality. Strongly recommend and don t fall for the Monster Cable hype 
Excellent!!!!. Great service, great product.If you need massive storage for your camera buy this product, i didn t need to download my pictures during my last vacation, i took 350 
i buy every built product i see... ...so, unobjectively speaking, i like it. i have a 15.5 widescreen, and i think i was supposed to get the 15 sleeve because 
Good motherboard. So far this motherboard has been working just fine. The only problem I had is that it appears Amazon opened the box before shipping, breaking the anti-tamper seals. 
Bought for my husband and he uses more than he and I thought he would. Works great for us! My husband takes pictures of troubled sites for work. He videotapes 
Okay for the price. They are okay for eight or so dollars, but they don t last very long. Then again, I used these for a digital camera so maybe 
Up and running in 10 minutes. This couldn t be easier to install, or use. My wife, who looks at any new technology with a combination of fear and distrust, 
Terk 15db broadband cable amplifier. Exactly what I needed. After trying other amps, which did not improve my reception significantly, I installed this one and now my entire cable experience 
Good product and solid. Well, I got this product two days ago from ANTOnline.I immediately plug all my stuffs into this power console. The first thing I turn on my 
A lot of space at a great price. This is a great buy because I have a lot of space. I use the card on my Digital Camera and I 
LOVE it! Fast, quiet, does it all!. This is definitely the best laser AIO machine that I ve ever used. It is quick, robust, feature-rich, and networkable. Let me break 
Nice, need boxing in for base if you ceiling mount. I got these for rear speakers over the stadium seating in the basement home theater, but you still want a 
crisp sound. with these nice thick audio wires u get great sound from this high quality connecter  
HP 4890 Scanjet. I purchased the HP 4890 for a project I was starting archiving approximately 2000 35 mm transparencies. The resolution of scanner is exceptional and the archiving of 
1 GB card. I m afraid I don t know a lot about this technology. I went for economy and I am getting very good quality photos. I think I 
Good with cable satellite, but not with antenna. This product works great for cable satellite direct connection, but it does not work well with an antenna. I purchased the best 
Real nice. Took me a little time getting used to the pen as an input device but works great. Nice to have the option of using the mouse with the 
JUST GREAT. I INSTALLED THIS IN MY RV, IT WAS LIGHT WEIGHT, GOOD CONECTORS SO YOU DON T SEE THE WIRES. THE PICTURE IS GREAT AND I HAVE THE SOUND 
Best DVD CD repair system. I was skeptical when I first purchased this repair machine as I considered it expensive, but I bought it for business purposes. I had previously 
Good to have mp3 capability, but sound quality is an issue. It works fine with my Camry. The sound quality, however, is just so-so considerably worse than the CD player 
cobra radio. cobra cb radios are the best radios i think. amazon again beat all others on price@easy deals. i ll be back to buy more stuff,you can bet on 
Great kit!. Great kit! makes installation very easy. seller doesn t specify Qty. per kit, I found out the hard way that every kit is for a pair of speakers 
DVD Ram Disks. What can I say they work great.Amazon shipped them great.Never had a problem here  
Great for Crusing. I picked this up to use on a Mediterranean cruise since the outlets in cruise ship cabins are scarce and usually located right at the edge of 
Good for the money. I have had this for about a month now. I must say, for the price it isn t that bad. It has a lot of settings 
Works!. Bought it. Looks to be very high quality. Lower price than Canon s. All camera should have a uv filter to protect the lens. This is a MUST! I 
High quality cable. If you re looking for a nice audio cable, this is it gold-plated contacts, shielding, and very flexible housing . I m currently using it to route 
Fun and Useful. Ok, the first turntable did not turn on - oh no! Called Customer Service, got a return number, sent it back prepaid, drop off at my local 
Expensive ink..... I got this printer to replace an Epson that just took too dern long to warm up and print a page. It was taking forever....This is not much 
A wonderful view that you can monitor. A real nice large, clear, crisp monitor right out of the box. Colors are rich and true, unlike some I ve owned. Price 
buy it now. I m going to keep this short and sweet. This is a fantastic TV. great picture, superior color and more brightness than i will ever use. I 
Very happy. After having a Harmon Kardon receiver for almost 20 years that died a graceful death, my purchase before this TEAC was only about 2 years ago big mistake 
Koss Rules!. I purchased two sets of headphones. One is a Sony and the other is a Koss, of the two I think that Koss is the better value, they 
Works in Kentucky!. Works great for me - this is my 2nd one, my first one was the larger square one  
Best Mousepad Ever. Seriously. While it is essentially just a plain black mousepad, the surface is almost ridiculously evenly textured and the sheer size of the thing is amazing. I 
San Disk Memory Card. The price on this product was cheaper than I could have bought anywhere. Even with the 6.00 shipping. Well worth it  
Wonderful pocket radio. A small, no frills, conservatively styled, functional, and sturdy pocket radio of high quality. Good reception and sound, about as good as my portable and expensive Grundig 
Like little Hard Drives....100,000 rewrites possible. Considered better than RW s.....1000 rewrites.Panasonic recorders are highly rated along with their Plasmas.I have a Panasonic EH80 workhorse 80g Hard Drive and I 
Well Satisfied. Excellent product. All my VCRs are dying of old age. I am converting my home library to DVD with very good results. Once you figure our ULEAD and 
Very reliable. Before I could use these I had to update my drive s firmware, but since then I ve had no problems. After forty burns or so, the failure 
Good news and bad news. The color ink in these cartridges seems excellent to me, a non-specialist in colored ink. The good news is that you only replace just the 
Great for notebook computer. It is very small, but comfortable to use. I don t have really big hands so I don t know how a man would feel. I 
Great speakers for the price!. I put these speakers in my garage, they sound great. I m not sure I would recommend them for home theater speakers, but they are 
Works just like it promises. It s nice to know that I m not the only one who finds those compressed air can things completely useless in cleaning crap out 
A really great mouse!. I m a grad student and use a laptop every day at school. I got this little mouse at Staples over 2 years ago and it 
Perfect for my old B&amp;W!. I love this item; it fits my cabin B W TV to a tee  
Works Great Including With Wireless Keyboard Mouse. Works just as expected. Switches quickly among two desktop machines and a laptop all running WinXP . Each machine takes &lt; 1 min 
Excellent condition. The stick came in an excellent condition, and works perfectly. I recommend this product.  
MOtorola expandable cordless telephone system. Sound quality excellent, distance capabilities good, hand set speaker phone good, not excellent. Set up easy if you read the instructions. Registering each phone to 
Noise factor = trivial. I don t know what the fuss is all about about this unit s fan noise ... After the firmware update, if one bothers to do 
Perfect Shredder...Couldn t ask for better!!. This shredder works wonderful and looks great. I really like the tuck away garbage can. It cut up my credit cards with NO PROBLEMS!! 
gorgeous looking set. The color of the illuminated ring around the dial is selectable: seven fixed colors, including three shades of blue, two of green, one each of red and 
Good price, good product. Good TV, great picture, combined DVD player really saves space. Very much worth the price  
Compact versatile travel power. iGo has adapters for car boat and every in-seat airplane power that I ve run across. It comes with a reasonable selection of adapters, but if 
very good... but slow. windows 2003 with a bunch of accessories, great battery life, comes with a nice cradle, and the GPS capability works very well. Too bad it s 
Awesome fast shipping!. Great seller, couldn t have asked for anything faster, better and more reliable! Thank  
Lots of storage, and fast too. I purchased the Lexar 1GB 80x Pro CF card for use with my Canon EOS Digital Rebel XT 8 mega pixel DSLR camera. I 
I have fallen in love with this little jewel. I am using it with a plug in mini plug to the pod on a Bose Computer Sound System. It works 
Kingston 256 MB SD Card. I bought this card with my Canon Powershot SD200. The card holds a lot of pictures, more than I expected even with a high resolution 
Great value, just like Sennheiser PMX60 Headphones. These headphones are very comfortable to wear for long periods of time. The behind the head band does not pinch. The sound quality 
I love it. I have the 60GB black video iPod and it s awesome. Sleek, well-designed, sexy and built like a little tank. I love iTunes, and the latest version 
LCD BARGAIN. My first concern was hearing many owners complained of DEAD PIXELS. I searched and found NIKO s website nikotronics.com and learned that they have been in the LDC 
Testing of the XE103-100NAS. I like hard data as well as opinions, and could not find much on this device. I tested these units for my own benefit, and provide 
Pleased. I looked for about a month and a half looking for the best flat screen moniter at a reasonable price. I looked various places online and at box stores. 
HD Radio easy to use. This Sangean HD tuner came as advertised. Easy to hook up to existing system and simple enough to use. As with all tuners, the reception 
Fine, but not without problems. There are an awful lot of people fawning over any Bose product. Do Bose employ people to give their products uncritical reviews? I sense a 
A Must Buy. I just received the transmitter today and it works great. I bought it to be able to listen to my music on my computer through out my 
This unit really works well. The blue light is kind of bright. The unit does really work well  
Great Notebook Case. The only reason I didn t give this item 5 stars is because I have only taken it on the road once, so as of yet I 
Even Better Than The USB Link. If you are debating between buying a USB or Serial Connector for your ti-calc always choose the Serial connector, its compatable with absolutly everything! 
I love my baby. Sweet sweet sounds come out of such a tiny speaker. It s incredible. This is the best record player you re sure to come across at 
Kingston 1GB SD Card Review. Great value for your money. Kingston has always been a reliable memory chip company and the same goes for this product.  
perfect. long battery life!! the long lasting battery life makes it s capacity worth a while. Unlike all other AA rechargeable, although some of them marked 2700mah, but you are 
Works great!. One of the least expensive ways out there to raise your computer screen to eye level. I am 6 3, so when I sit I am still pretty 
Good tapes. I`m a musician and I record almost everyday . These tapes is an excelent way to check my self. Very clean recordings and excelent playback.Good tape  
Great printer for the price!!. We love this printer! We have only had HP printers in the past which gave us nothing but trouble. We kept trying them because they 
Lexar no more... I have always used Lexar Compact Flash cards in the past, I have had major problems in the last year with them, and Scott Robert Lim recommends 
nice device for both younger and older users. very user friendly and easy to use. great for those on the go who want to transfer & view their favorites shows, 
Excellent product. I tried Magellan before -- not happy until I switched to this. No complaint -- Just relax & enjoy the product did its tricks!! U will do the 
Nice tape player... If you like to listen to audio tapes you will like this one. Replacing the provided headphones is a good idea. FM reception a little weak, but 
Works great. I thought I would this receiver would suffer a lot of interference considering I have wireless internet, multiple 58 ghz cordless phones and a mirowave nearby but this 
I LIKE THIS PHONE SYSTEM. I have three handsets and have programmed different ring sounds for each one,e.g., then one in my home office rings with the Three Stooges singing, 
Purchased IH6 - Great Radio, but won t dock with my Ipod? NEED HELP!. I purchased the IH6 white. Everything about it is fine, except that it won t dock 
The best memory around. As always, my kingston memory has been flawless, it s the only memory that I would use in my PC  
Plasma TV. Excellant price, mush better then in any of my local stores. The shipping, which was free, was great. Two men delivered it, carried it in, unpacked it and 
No more OPC ERROR. When the package arrived and I took the CD s out,I didn t see any record speed on the cd s or the package,so I was 
Articulating LCD wall mount. This is a great product and is easy to install. I mounted a new Samsung 32 in LCD tv to a bedroom wall. Did not need 
Cool-It Beverage Chiller Review. Product works well. Seller shipped quickly. Very pleased with the product and seller. Would do business with the seller again  
Hubby loves it!. I bought this for my husbands birthday. He was very excited. He had been looking at bags at a local store and hadn t found anything as 
The most comfortable headphones I ve ever owned. My ears are really sensitive and I can t use the insertable earbuds or anything with foam. I ordered these headphones because 
Comfy!. I love this mouse, it scrolls smoothly, accurately, and is very comfortable.It would get five starts from me, but for the scroll wheel. I much prefer a clicky scroll, 
Sanus TV Turntable. This product does exactly what it s supposed to do. I can easily swivel my tv around with one finger, and it doesn t damage the tabletop 
EASY to use and WONDERFUL to replace 6 remotes!. I didn t have 6 remotes; I had 4 one had died DVD Player and the others were a pain to 
thrilled. I bought this calculator for my boyfriend, a chemist. He is absolutely THRILLED with it. It has 10 rolling memories. That is 2 more than his old calculator had. 
READ THIS!!. After considering the dock as an accessory for a future ipod, I realised that it was not as I thought, a way of charging the ipod away from 
These mounts roll real hard!. I bought the VP mounts to use with my Bose AM3 cubes in my kitchen. I couldn t be happier. They fit my speakers perfectly, 
A great small system. For a small, inexpensive system, this one is excellent. It has many features and good sound quality. The basic functions are easy to use. If you 
DVD Burner. This is my first DVD Burner and the first time I used one of Amazons merchants. I had some concerns about ordering, but everything went very smoothly. Its 
Great value. I use a Minolta DiMAGE G500 and this was an excellent memory upgrade. Spent a week in Hawaii taking pictures and 30-sec movies. Never ran out of memory! 
Just loved it....... Cute and very useful. I bought this cute little speaker from Walmart 14 and it is so compact and very useful. It also matches with my other 
Best Buy Computer Backpack. This backpack is great it is my 3rd time purchasing it. The 1st was for a friend the second my dog ended up eating and this 
IPOD KILLER!!! THIS THING RULZZZ GET ONE. THIS IS THE GREATEST MP3 I HAVE EVER OWNED I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!! It is way better than the ipod. I know this because 
Works well with Yamaha YPT 300. Stand came promptly, well-packaged, with clear directions, and it is sturdy enough for the YPT300. This was the stand recommended by Yamaha for this 
Love satellite radio. I got this for hubby and me over the summer. We used it for our trip to Rehoboth beach and we loved every minute of it. WE 
Sweet. Very nice player. HDMI works perfectly and the 6 disc changer is handy. Blue light lets you see the disc s and looks very cool. 1080i with upscaling on 
Great Product. After a few initial problems with the clarity of the setup instructions I found this to be a wonderful complement to my laptop. As a CPA, I need 
High Class Product. Just enough bells and wistles to protect my electronics. Design is perfect to manage todays plugs. Highly recommended  
Zune Car Pack. I needed a mechanism to play my Zune through the car stereo and this product did the trick! It came with all the required accessories and was 
Took some getting used to, but they sound great!. I recently started a new job, and was happy to learn that my employer offers its developers reimbursement for up to 
Great accessory for Sandisk MP3 player. I purchased this unit for my daughter as a birthday present. She received the Sandisk Sansa 4 gig MP3 player for Christmas and she 
Extremely Satisfied. I bought this printer to print my shipping labels faster. It s easy to use! It prints very fast.Print quality is excellent. Changing diferent type of labels is 
worth the price. Very sturdy, Very good features although there is rooom for improvement, quite heavy, but I suppose that should be expected for the sturdiness, and overall worth it, 
from the Tripp-Lite site:. Tripp Lite s INTERNETOFFICE700 standby UPS system offers surge suppression and long lasting battery support for personal computers, internetworking equipment and other sensitive electronics. Internal UPS 
HP Ipaq 2795. An outstanding platform for Windows mobile operating system. Flawless syncing with home office desktop. Clear, high resolution screen is a joy compared to my previous Palm based 
GREAT PROCESSOR. I DECIDED TO DO A SOCKET 939 BUILD WITH THIS PROCESSOR AFTER USEING INTEL CPU S FOR YEARS AND I HAVE TO SAY I AM VERY PLEASED SO 
Awesome gift. This was a great gift for my husband. It works really well. I want one for myself  
A Great Experience. This is a great product, not olny that combines technology and sports, also gives new meaning to running..just buy it and hit the road  
Perfect. These boxes are half the size of regular cases, just right--not too bulky like the regular ones  
Great Headphones. After enduring the so-so performance of my stock ipod headphones, I figured it was time to step up. As I travel constantly, I wanted something that would would 
Worth every penny. For the money you are paying, these speakers are excellent. If you dont want to spend hundreds on high-end and need speakers for general listening, this is 
Excellent Phone. My wife s grandmother the person this was bought for LOVES this phone... it s easy to use with large buttons & friendly controls . I loved the 
ahead of curve. This seems like the best buy currently or at least at the time I purchased Jan, 2007 . The key is the high definition 1280x720 and ease 
Awesome Receiver. Can t ask for more, clear sound, nicely finished, easy to use and the best part is the iPlug just plug it and you are done, your ipod 
Excellent adapter. I bought this adapter form Eforcity, I was very surprise how well for this item and the seller. The delivery time is very excellent. Moreover, the item comes 
Must have for dig. camera. They last and last, but get two pairs so you have some spares. Need to recharge every week whether or not you use them. A 
Just what I was looking for!. I had been looking for months for an audio rack for my new gear and wanted to wait till I found the perfect piece. 
can t go wrong with batteries. Seems nowadays everything uses AAA batteries or AA batteries making this pack perfect for just about anyone that needs them. You know who you 
Ipod accessories. Love this band. It stays secure and is very unobtrusive. I bought the bullet shields to use with this and feel my ipod is very protected. I wear 
Exactly what it says it is. Which turned out to be a problem for me since thats not what I wanted I was looking for a compact flash card reader 
Ipod nano speakers. I ordered these speakers for my son for christmas. I couldn t find themanywhere but JLab. They delivered exactly when promised and gave GREATcustomer service. A  
Eton FR400 Hand Crank Radio and Power Generator Red . This works fine - got it in the time promised. The only difficulty is that there is not much of 
A must for GAMING. This my second pair. I use them for playing BF2 mainly. Sound is great for 5.1 suround. You will always know where the action is. The 
Great Turntable CD Player w Remote. Recently bought this CD changer to replace the broken one that was so old it didn t even have a remote. After everything was 
Great quality headphones from Sony. If you re looking for a pair of headphones that won t break down on you, these are the ones. You can always count on 
Great Product. I was thinking about buying a 1G card, but after reading one of the reviews,I bought two 512 card,just in case that somethingwent wrong. Which to me made 
Perfect Sound for a fantastic service!!. With the optical output hookup there is absolutely perfect sound!! Unit is very easy to use, hookup, and is great looking. Satellite radio has 
Great printer. I have had this printer for several months now and have printed a wide variety of material from plain paper, to cardstock, envelopes and labels. All work perfectly 
Better than more expensive Bose. If you think that the Bose are good sound and good looking, think again. They may be good looking but their sound does not even 
Pretty useful product. You will appreciate this product only if you don t have enough USB ports. In my case, I had plenty of ports, but needed an extension cable, 
Excellent cables. As soon as i hooked up the cables, i saw a huge difference in the picture quality. I didn t notice any loss of picture quality when i 
Excellent and approachable. I ve always preferred a matte finish as opposed to glossy. While the Canon Paper Pro glossy paper is excellent, I think I m one of the 
B A. This thing is awsome, i have had warnings long in advance to seeing a cop. This is handy fella  
Extremely Pleased. I am really amazed at the quality of this product and the value for the money. Looks good and sounds great at a price that I have found 
Great holder for Sony mp3s. When I received my new Sony mp3 player I was surprised to find that it did not include a belt clip like the previous one 
practical and pretty. This product is a good solution to personalizing and protecting the delicate case of your white macbook. I had the white ibook and after a year it 
Great TV. A great set. Good sold picture, the sound is nothing to write home about but certainly more than enough for most TV. Hard core movie buffs will want 
Works fine. Wish the unit had a separate online offline light. When power to the unit is missing, the single red light turns off only when the warning sounds. The 
Kinamax Kicks A . This is a great and easy way to get data from your cards to your PC.Also this is far cheaper than the cable that goes with 
Absolute Recommendation. I LOVE this player. I have the 512MB version but it s the same thing. I m buying the 1GB version today.Pros:1. USB interface. No cords to connect, 
Solid Product For Price - Immediately Impressed. Flying to Asia I wanted noise canceling headphones for the flight. I researched different options and was reluctant to spend a lot, seeing 
Nothing Plays the Beatles Better than Bose. Every morning I m up with the dawn. A quick cup of coffee, then I m at my iBook tap, tap, taping on 
Loud but I only use it for backing-up. This drive has performed well so far and I have no complaints. The fan is loud as described by other comments, but 
great portable speakers. I have been a live sound engineer for 30 years and music is is an important part of my life. I needed a set of portable, reasonable 
Tiny. I bought this as a gift for a friend. It is very small. This is her first USB flash drive and she is really thrilled with it. I am 
Very good but room for improvement. PRO:Sound is excellent! Custom equalizer actually works and doesn t distort sound much unlike, say, Windows Media Player .Easy drag & drop file transfer! 
Olympus 202049 USB 200 Media Reader writer. I bought this in lieu of the Fuji counterpart which was out of stock in Amazon. Since the Fuji Finepix E900 runs on 
Couldn t get batteries to work. Otherwise great!. I couldn t get it to work with brand new Maxell batteries, so I ordered a replacement keyboard, only to find that 
Simple, cheap DivX player. I bought this to play DivX movies, and needless to say, I wasn t expecting a whole lot; this is an extremely inexpensive piece of hardware. 
Great Protection for IPOD. This Iskin totally protects the Ipod from scratches and the navigation wheel responds without any problems. I wish the clear cover didn t scratch so easily 
Love this flash card... I usually purchase Lexar cards for my 20D. The sandisk was a better price so I decided to try it. It is fast with its write 
IM3 IS AS IM3c. When I bought it couple weeks ago. I look out side the box is IM3, But inside the box speaker is IM3c. I call the company, 
Fits like a glove. High quality bag that should withstand some significant abuse. Not much room for other things, but then the bag would only be bigger. As is, it 
Samsung DVD-V9700 DVD VHS Combo Player w- UPCONVERSION!. Samsung DVD-V9700, DVD VCR combo with upconversion, is GREAT...!ProsExcellent Upconversion & Progressive scan DVD pictures! VCR is great too!ConsSometimes VCR auto-tracking, takes 
very good. my compact flash card works just fine & good here very fast.a very happy custome  
yeah. I love it it rocks.What sucks is that you really need a nice sound card to really enjoy it.I am using my onboard Nvdia sound drivers with digital optical. 
Great headphones. I was looking for a good simple set for at work that didnt require any hassle when co-workers needed to talk to me and this seemed to fit 
Review of VHS Video Tapes. The tapes are exactly what I had searched the web for. Thanks to Amaxon.com for listing the seler  
best set for the money. After seeing this set Olevia 542I next to a Sony 42 p, there is no wayI would pay 800 to 1,000 more for the Sony. 
Olympus 2 GB Type M Xd memory card. Amazon had the best price by far that I could find on a 2 Gb Xd card, so I couldn t resist. 
very good joystick. Bought this joystick about 2 months now and am still very impressed. I did not want to write review too eary after buying as I wanted some 
Great Speakers for Surround. I use these speaker for surrounds in my 5.1 Home Theater system, they are paired with JBL E30 front satellites, JBL E C35 center, JBL E 
Loads of Power. I m not sure how long this will last. Had it on for nearly ten hours straight and never saw the battery bar on the iPod dip 
Great hadware, software could be better. I love my new iPod. I bought this one after my 60GB iPod Photo was misplaced . I had a library of about 6,000 
NOW a great value in speakers. Several years ago when these first came on the market they were totally novelty priced, ie. more expensive than warranted. But now at 399. 
excellent product. As advertised and reviewed by others. This is Garmin s top of the line in this type GPS unit. Good product  
Fantastic Picture!. I bought this tv after seeing my father-in-law s Samsung HDTV he has the LNS3251D . I have seen a bunch of HDTV s but I really liked 
Get the speakers off the furniture. Treat yourself to a more theatre like atmosphere and fill your room with sound. These are great mounts, a bit more expensive than some, 
Does the job and good looking. This CD DVD holder does double duty. This item has the capacity to hold 96 cd s or dvd s. I have purchased both 
Great Product. I was very pleased with the Sony ECM-F01 Boundary Effect Microphone. This product works great for the meetings I attend and the clarity and volume are the best. 
Works with BOSE Lifestyle Cube Speakers. Installation was quick and easy, and hardware provided for the BOSE cube speakers.  
The best brand nobody ever heard of. Not wanting to upset the balance of the universe, I was a good Nikon user and used only the brands types of CF 
HP Photosmart Deluxe Carrying Case. Nice case, perfect for compact HP Photosmart printers. The price that I found on Amazon was less than half of what I found on other 
512MB DDR SDRAM Desktop Memory KVR400 512R KVR400 512R . quick shipment.. product works great, fantastic wxperience. Thank you  
So much memory so little speed... If storage space is what you need this is the C.F. type two card for you hands down... If speed is what you need 
SANGEAN WR 2. WOW! WHERE DO I START ? A SUPERB RADIO. SHINY DARTH VADER BLACK. FLAWLESS IN EVERY DETAIL. MUDDY BASE CLEARS UP IF YOU DECREASE IT.FRONT PHONE JACK 
KVM Switch Easy to Use. I read all of the reviews associated with this product before I purchased it. Some complained of screen problems blinking and clarity with the switch. 
Great product regardless of others lack of understanding. I m a techno dweeb too ! Others that have whinned about speed issues just don t understand what the technology is 
Excellent slimline addon. This was the first adapter I purchased after taking the huge dvr station with me on a couple trips. If your thinking about buying the Helmet camera; 
Love it!. I just love this cd burner dvd rom!!!!I bought it for my kid so she could play a dvd-rom game but I had always wanted to try burning 
Superlative. This is a mono system whose sound outstrips many stereo systems. One of the finest protables I ve ever seen. Buy one  
THIS IS SOOO CUTE!!!!!!. I LOVE THIS CLOCK RADIO! I LOVE HELLO KITTY AND I LOVE!! THE COLOR PINK. IT S MY FAVORITE! SO I THINK THIS CLOCK ROCKS!! I 
Great mouse for gamers. The mouse is perfect for games. I use it to play ET and is great. The software provided by Logitech is configurable in all ways  
Adorable Hello Kitty CD Boombox. I purchased this item for my 3yr old granddaughter. She loves Hello Kitty. The sound quality is great. I rate this as easy for kids 
Magnificent. If you ve never played flight simulator with one of these, prepare for a whole nother world! It s durable, high quality, precise and FUN  
Bose on a Budget. You may think spending this much on PC speakers with no subwoofer is a bit steep, but when you hear these you will be glad you 
Very good with a great price. I was looking for an affordable DVD player and found this one. It has been working very well for nearly a month and I 
excellent. this is the 2nd time i have purchased this from Amazon. great product and quick delilvery  
Great TV. This is a great TV, with super HD quality. The regular TV picture is not great but it s hard to tell how much of that is just 
Cruzer Mini 256 MB Flash Drive. It s little. It holds a bunch of data. It s so easy to use even my copilot can understand it. It s the 
Wonderful item. Works great, but drains battery life rather quickly I think. Very handy to have around when you need a usb flash drive  
Excellent for my purposes!. I was trying to find a small unit for the bedroom to replace a previous unit. The NEZ30 model 30 watts, not the NEZ3 fits the 
Best Mouse for the buck hands down. I just got my mouse today I was ecstatic about the performance I had initial problems installing the mouse but after I unplugged 
Great sound card. Everything I have tried to do with the sound card has been easy to do. Great sound, great hardware and good software.  
Works Great!. I ve had it for almost a year now and I haven t had any problems whatsoever. Sound and picture quality is great! Controls are really easy to 
Good for what it is. This machine has fulfilled everything I wanted--speedy scanner, speedy copies, fax and computer printer.The outfit I bought it from through Amazon sent the wrong one 
Convenient But.. Very handy idea works good but connect is not secure iPAQ 3630 . On an older lap top it shuts down and pops up an error that the 
One of the best portable radios ever. One of the best radios, very clear reception of local stations, high quality sound.I use it also to listen to music stations. Picks 
Great for the price. I use this to power my subwoofer and home theater speakers.It does the trick  
Nice. Never owned computer speakers before, but these sound great with CDs or iTunes radio. Look nice with my white Mac, too  
USB to Serial Adapter. Does what it is suppose to do. No problem, reasonable price  
Complete satisfaction. I recommend this item to all them who intend to buy 1 gb memory stick for their cameras and cells.  
Great addition to any home audio setup. I have had three other home audio servers in the past and this one is by far the best of them all. The 
Does the job; good price!. The card works well in my camera and was purchased at a good price compared to several other sources. No problems with delivery  
Great Item. Performs perfectly. Looks great and charges quickly. Prongs fold in - great for charging when traveling  
Was worried about the over the ear . I wont add anything about the sound, they sound fine to me.I never had an over the ear and was worried they 
Great. Worked like a charm, wish I would have taken the time to get this long ago, would have saved me alot of money on ink  
AWESOME!!. This product is absolutely one of the best products Kensington has created. Not only is the functionality seamless and simple, the product is beautiful. I bring it to work 
THE BEST MP3 PLAYER. MY SISTER BROUGHT A CREATIVE ZEN FOR HERSELF AND DID NOT KNOW HOW TO WORK IT SHE GAVE IT TO ME ,LOVED IT THEN WENT ON 
Great piece at a great price. When I was shopping for a flash drive, I saw that someone complained about the slow speed of this drive. It almost scared me 
Great Surge Plug. This is the 3rd surge plug that I have purchased. The first one met an untimely death do to a major water spill from a fish aquarium, 
NICE plastic item. So I was looking for a frim book holder that could support large books with up to 800 pages... could not find a nice one in a 
Pleased so far with the Cyberpad. I just got the Cyberpad last week and I have used it for a few days. The product is just as I expected, thin 
Great DVD player. I absolutely love this DVD player because it plays MPEG format and it can read all types of disks DVD-R, DVD R, DVD RW, DVD-RW. I transfer 
Maxell blank audio tapes are great. First off, any idiot who uses these fine blank music quality cassetts for speech recording, as is suggested in the lame desctiption, deserves to 
~Excellent Product. At an excellent price! Tiny 1GB holds a lot of music, pictures and documents. Just click & drag. Fast data transfer speed. Super-easy to use. Lanyard keeps it 
Enoormous!!!. I have been using the same 17 inch CRT that came with a computer that died over 4 years ago, it had a 1280 x 1024 resolution and flickered 
Great HDTV with HDMI. This 23 LCD HDTV has excellent image quality and looks really stylish, too. It also comes with HDMI so you can hook up the latest HD 
Don t install Mouseworks if you use Breeze!. After using non-optical Orbit trackballs for years, I just got this new optical one. I like the hardware. The great thing about 
The best deal on Amazon!. After using this set, I cannot believe how inexpensive they are. The microphone provides crystal clear recording and the headphones are great. I have even 
Great Card. I used this card to for my Beyond TV 4.6 program that I am running on my PC.I am running Digital Cable and it is running great with 
It is definitely worth the upgrade. I bought the Garmin 201 about 2 years ago. What a great watch. I love it. It is so good that it took me 
Watching out for the man. Well here goes. This unit is very, very easy to set up just make sure to turn everything on in the menu it helps out 
Good value. My car is a piece of junk- but does not Sound like it! For 50 i got 4 great sounding speakers. Good decisio  
No Problems with this Software on an iMac. I recently purchased this labelmaker system for use on my iMac, and have had no problems at all. I printed out my 
works with newer sonyericsson phones. I got this card, received WednesdayI don t have much word on the feedback, just say:it works on newer sonyericsson phonesZ710K550K790even W810 and PSP with 
does a great job. It is holding a 23 inch tv on the wall and seems stable and easy to adjust. Emily Stewar  
Great except toner. The little machine does all that could reasonably be asked of it. My only complaint is similar to that of another owner who noted that the toner 
AWESOME-another great H-K product. I am totally satisfied, just make sure you run the EZ set up auto set-up for the speakers . Make sure you push in mic jack 
Stilus pen for Lifedrive. So you buy a lifedrive so you can have A LOT of memory to store eeeeverything; Then when you are used to carry it eeeeverywhere, you 
Cobra LI6000-2 WX VP 2 Way Radio. These 2 way radios are simple to operate, have great range and are small in size! We used them to communicate from vehicle-to-vehicle 
Wish it Connected Directly. This SanDisk CF Type I II ImageMate USB 2.0 Reader Writer is a neat little device. I just pull the Compact Flash card out of my 
Great little product!. I read a lot and I was always annoying of having to hold the book open to a certain page. I also hated having to try to 
Great little printer. I ve had this printer for almost a month and just love it. I ve already printed over 130 photos on it and they look great. The 
This is an AWESOME Mic. I purchased 2 of these. One for myself the other for my mom so we could do the Video phone calls with my daughter. The 
Yea its as good as Monster but half the price. Use this to connect your iPOD to your home theater.Its a high quality cable that is reinforced and will last 
Philips 23PF5320 23 Flat Panel Widescreen LCD TV. I picked this model up over the weekend for 499, after researching for a good six months. We already own a 34 
needs longer cord. The unit itself works fine, but it could usea longer cord. The cord only reaches fromthe back seat window to front console.If you have a large SUV, 
Many new features make the CP710 a must. I ve used the Canon CP330 for a couple of years now, and it s been great, but the new Selphy CP710 
Lexar Professional CF cards. I m a working photographer who has been, after several years use, getting write errors on my Lexar Professional CF cards 1 Gb and 2 Gb. 
Excellent!. Excellent! Many people use phones with all kinds of features, such as photo cameras and iPAQ capabilities. Not for me! A camera is a camera and a phone is 
2GB SD card. Took longer than the Camera to arrive but very good so fa  
Maybe a little smaller... This tablet is just great. The only problem is that it s a little to big. When i want the cursor to cross the screen i 
Better than iPod earbuds,but... While these earhook buds are much superior to the one earbuds that came with my iPod, I still am having trouble keeping them on my ears. 
Perfect. The gadget is just perfect. It is very fast and easy to install. I did not epxperience any problem. I can easily get full signals even from downstairs rooms.The 
Good and sleek. nice sounding, looks nice, small footprint. Speakers detach or mount to the unit. Remote is great because it is very thin and encased in a plastic guard 
Good idea, the extra charger bases. Easy set up, beautiful clarity. What s not to like  
a decent router, a decent price. Let me first start by saying I m not all that savvy when it comes to routers. I found this one easy to follow 
I love gumy headphones. When i was looking to buy a new set of headphones for my ipod.. i def was considering these however the reviews were mixed emotions... Well 
Great Printer, Slow Burner. There are two aspects to this printer that really need reviewed separately...Printer vs. Burner.Printer: 4The printer itself prints as well or better than any small photo 
jeff electronics junkie . I don t see whatis wrong with the unhit like some people are saying. It is great and really locks in the dialog. It is low 
Awesome - it s got it all! Great for camping, power outages. I can t believe how much you can get for 39 these days. Thsi thing has a TV, 
Serves its purpose. The bench is sturdy and comfortable. The rubber slip grip caps on the feet come off easily though  
Loving It. This storage rack is the best I ve ever had and I have gone through several. Its not difficult to assemble unlike some of the others I have 
Here s what I think and what you should do... Straight forward: you should buy this.Here s the pro s and consPro s:1 It has a nice screen, even though 
Great on Mac, have not tried on Windows yet. I tried the Maxtor Mini III because we like our bigger desktop external drive Maxtor one touch which works great...but the 
Does the job well. This remote is versatile and easy to program. I m using it to control my Panasonic 42-inch plasma TV, Memorex DVD player which came with a 
very practical bag. It fits my 15.4in widescreen laptop really well. There are a ton of pockets for whatever you re carrying. I haven t really used it yet but 
HDMI Difference. With my new LCD television, the hook-up was a snap and what a difference with the new HDMI compatible up-scale DVD I installed. The audio and visual difference 
Lightweight and compact. Very good speakers. Except.I use them with PowerPoint with small groups. The volume is OK but I bought a second unit and found the computer would only 
50 Pack Slim Jewel Cases. An exceptional value. I have not been able to find any better cases for lower price anywhere else. I used to purchase 100 pak slim 
GPSMAP 76 great value. With the rest of the GPS devices shifting to color, the large b&w screen on this unit means money well spent. It s fast enough for 
Solid Buy. I ve have this tv for about a week and I love it. The image quality is great and the setup wasn t as bad as I thought 
TiVo3. Easy to use, convenient and a must buy for TV fanatics who don t have the time to watch every program when aired. It is nice that you can 
works like a charm. This is my 2nd adapter for use with my Suunto X6HR watch. My first -- the CP-03 or whatever its called -- worked unreliably at best 
Great picture, average sound. I have owned this TV for over six weeks. The picture was great right out of the box. I simply attached the stand, made the connections, 
Good product. I have two of these to store my DVDs and am quite satisfied with them. The compartments hold the discs firmly in place, so they do not slip 
assessment of lifecam vx-1000. I was extremely satisfied with this camera;it was good value for money and performed well in use.The only point I felt it lacked,was a hook bracket 
A great buy!. I purchased this product 2 years back and it is still working without any problem. I use the batteries mostly for my digital camera and have no 
Great Shower Radio. The only reason this doesn t get a 5 is because it isn t very loud. I honestly didn t expect it to be, especially with a 
great wall mount. took some time to get everything on the wall but price was right and so was the produc  
Excelente Producto. justo lo que necesitaba y a un buen precio, todo lo esencial para llevar tu lapto  
Extremely happy!!!. This product was a corporate gift and the recepient loves the gift. I selected this product based on the recommendation of from other reviews. The product is easy 
epson workhorse. I originally purchased this printer for our phone server at work. I was hoping a newer design would install without making me reboot the system it didn t 
Easy to use product....exactly what I was looking for!!. If you are tired of downloading multiple shareware programs and other buggy software to make your PSP perform as God intended, 
Works great with Pioneer 710. This is my first Double Layer DVDR purchase.I used with my Emprex burner says support dl, even Nero infotool says it support , it did 
Fantastic. I received the Tivoli Model CD Player as a Christmas gift to add to my Tivoli Satellite Sirius radio. I also own the extra Tivoli speaker which makes the 
The Best Case I ve Found!. After much exploration, I landed on this case model and could not be more pleased. Please note that the initial images that Amazon has 
A great laser mouse. I have found this laser mouse made by Iogear to be an excellent product, easy to use and a great price  
This is my 3rd ipod. I had a 1st generation shuffle and upgraded to a 60gb video which I adore! However, I found that whenever I went running I was 
Good Inexpensive Monitors. I ve had these for a couple months now and I can t really complain. The volume is slightly limited but the range is nice and I 
Cascio Gsdx Deluxe keyboard stand. I think the product works great. It is very sturdy. I did have a problem putting it together. The directions were hard to follow. I 
Excellent scanner. I bought this item, since I always make a lot of notes from books and other papers, and don t want to type it in manually anymore. This 
What is and ain t in the box - surprise, y all!. Needed this to find some survey markers on some land I just bought. It came 21Mar2007, I unpacked 
Great but Needs Battery Charger. Acoustically and ergonomically, the MDR-IF3000 is all that Sony claims it is. Unfortunately, it can be recharged only on the base station: no separate battery 
Beautiful. HD looks gorgeous. I pick up 3 or 4 channels in the cambridge area. No problems with regular cable TV input either. Works very well with windows media cente 
Got it to work with Vista. With help from Sherrie at Linksys online chat customer service we got this to work with Windows Vista. It was the the same work 
Super Fast. Excellent product! Holds thousands of pictures and I can shoot all day without changing the card. If I needed another one I wouldn t look any further than 
Very Satisfied and HD Cable HD Over the air solution. After thoroughly researching, I walked into Circuit City expecting to buy a Sony 26 model KDL-26S2010. However, after comparing the 
Best investment for traveling!. We always tried to use our laptop s dvd player to watch movies on long road trips, but it was a huge pain to change a 
The best Targus with the best Dell . After having used a Targus Notebook Case for two years, with excellent results,with a NEC laptop, I decided that the next Leather 
One of the best cordless phones on the market. Having lived in Europe I soon realized in the US that the majority of cordless phones sold here are of poor 
Great. Does All and more. If you dont have a burner on your pc buy thi  
Very good MP3 player, missing only little things. Very good MP3 player, can do everything you need, good for sport, joging. The only thing I miss a little bit is 
It Works. I have an older IBM computer running XP. I plugged the card in to an available IDE slot, restarted the computer twice for some reason it took two 
Not a Home Theater projector, but can be used as such. First, for home theater use, I would give this projector 4 stars. I gave it 5 as this is 
Great Television!!. This TV is everything we wanted it to be. Very happy with it  
An excellent low cost high-speed laser printer. After a couple of weeks of use, this printer exceeds my expectations. It is a truly an excellent low cost high-speed laser printer. 
Plextor PX-760A. This is my second Plextor & I think they are top of the line  
1 GB card. I m afraid I don t know a lot about this technology. I went for economy and I am getting very good quality photos. I think I 
Works Flawlessly. This item works flawlessly in the Motorola L7 unlike those from other companies. I highly recommend this item  
Great for In-Car Navigation. I bought this for in-car navigation and couldn t be happier. It s literally the size of a flash drive and holds a charge for eight 
Question. First of all, let me say that I LOVE this stereo. Have had it for a year or two. I don t think you can do any better with 
Good quality, but you can run out very quickly. When you get these cartridges right out of the box they work great, but after you start to print out a 
it s no Sandisk, but for the money.. Sandisk has a benchmark test that relates NNNx to time. It is 150KB sec = 1x. It follows that 120x is equal 
most comfortable fit, better isolation. I don t know why Shure doesn t provide at least 1 pair of the EA306 triple-flange sleeves with their products. In short, they provide 
LOVE IT!. WOW!.....yea that pretty much sums it up! Picture quality is AMAZING in HD. SD is also very nice as well. At the price that this tv is at 
Works as promised. I ordered this product to improve on the static that was always driving me nuts with my Roady II. I was constantly changing the tune to station 
Professional order process and quick delivery. I am very pleased with my order and highly recommend doing biz with this company  
Great Little Product for the iPod. Just purchased this inexpensive little unit and am amazed at the sound quality for such small speakers. It does just what it s intended 
As described. This is such a great solution for me. I was looking for one of those tablet PC s, but they re just so cost prohibitive right now. So 
The BEST wheel I have EVER used!. Over the past 25 years of gaming, I have used many different steering wheels for lots of different systems. I always buy a 
Memory card purchase. This memory card has not given us any trouble. Very reliable product. Highly recommend  
zenner. I researched various MP3 players and chose Zen for recording capability, FM radio, replacable battery and format compatability. I came across complaints from people about the headphone thing, but 
Great radio, Fantastic price!. This review is for the silver model @ 35.00. I could not belive the price & had to get one & see what was up. I 
Unparalleled quality. A review of literature available on the internet convinces me that the fabrication of MAM-A disks is not exceeded anywhere else. The Phthalocyanin dye is the highest performance 
Excellent Documentation, easy install. I am not a career computer builder but I have built several of my own machines over the years. The manual with this motherboard, by far, 
Great product for mobile sound... Considering its small size, this unit puts out some pretty good sound included a good level of bass. Although its not meant to lead an 
Delivered on time and a product worth its value. I was excited when I received the Kingston 256MB digital card on the scheduled date. It sure has a good packaging 
Replacement for old sony CD player. My daughter needed a replacement for her old sony D-NE319 and this one works good with the old software as this was all loaded 
Toner is Toner. This is a toner for a great printer the HP LaserJet 5MP. The toner arrived on time and was what I ordered. I am very happy with 
great radio from a great seller. I listen mostly to AM and this radio deliver with ease, great reception easy to use very compact, good battery life. very nice, recommended 
Dropped Temps Fast. Excellent Product. First time to install is a little tricky, but well worth it. It allowed me to overclock my Intel Core 2 Extreme Quad-Core and STILL 
g3 logitech mouse as a gaming mouse. Compared to my logitech mouseman dual optical from 2000, this mouse blows it away by far in accuracy, precision. What I find to 
Endless Music. I got this for my husband for Christmas, It was a huge hit! The price was amazing, and it is like having a juke box for a stereo. 
Parts Express is great!. These connectors are very well-made, heavy, and high-quality. They don t come with instructions, so I m not sure if I put the wire in correctly 
I like it. I think this is a good boombox for the price. It is easy to use and has good sound.  
Great value!. This card works great and is significantly less expensive than it is at local retail stores. As a matter of fact, I just ordered another one yesterday  
Loved the iTV link. The product does what it is supposed to do, and does it well. The quality of the audio and video is superb, and this is a 
It s all Worth it... Bought this beautiful tv in Saudi Arabia..To be honest.. I really would like to go with the Bravia.. but with the price tag that goes 
excellent rugged quality but overall: oddly sized. this uber-sleeve or micro-attache is sound, good looking and ruugedly constructed - no complaints there. However, as an attache it comes up short. 
Great for an IRIVER. The little sports case and arm bands that comes with the IRiver are a pain. This is great. The arm band is comfortable and easy to 
Don t forget the network. No complaint about the printer, but a warning that if you are going to use this in an office where you need to network it, 
Keeps the Dirt Out. I bought this item for my husband s laptop and it seems to be doing really well. It sticks to the keys and is pretty easy 
Fantastic Scanner. I purchased this scanner after doing much research on the different tech websites. This scanner is amazing. I have been scanning old slides, photos, and negatives, and am 
Good but not the best. I am not a networking pro, but just wanted to use Wireless as I got my office laptop in addition to my personal laptop at 
Roller Carrying Case has lots of pockets. This case is really nice however, I thought I was buying a black case and it came in as a dark green. In 
good product for the price. this was a gift for a teen.great sound on sansa s and priced well for 2gb and a good brand. the teen likes it  
Great RAM for the value. I originally bought this product to put in a computer I had that wasn t running smoothly but that I didn t want to dump 
Good for Linksys products the same size bad for smaller products. Had no problems for the most part with these brackets. Some reviewers were concerned about the brackets not fitting 
Great stuff!!. I actually bought icleaner ultra pro and I must say I love this stuff.... as my iPod nano is back to new condition. I takes a few applications, 
Its good. I am enjoying the scanner - only wish I knew more about how it functions so I could get the most out of it.  
Best 5 in 1 I ve every owned. Easy to use, Easy Setup, Fast printing, Faxing, Photocopying - I love it! Best electronic purchase I ve boughten in a long 
Western Dig 120GB IDE Hard Drive. So far no problems. Western Digital has always been one of the best of Hard Disc Manufacturers and continues to be so. It s 
exactly like it says. no issues, works well. I wish I didn t get blue though. Takes away from the beauty of the ipod. great product!  
Good product. Installed drivers and it worked ok on win2k and winxp computers. network speed significantly increased  
Fantastic performance for the money. In the 4 months I ve owned this router it s handled everything I ve thrown at it, without even a hiccup. DSL, VPNs, QoS, 
Just what we wanted. Consumer reports didn t let me down with their review of this TV. Great picture, east to use set up screens....I did adjust the contrast and 
garmin forerunner bike mount. if you re going to us any garmin GPS watch for riding your bike then it should be a manditory purchase  
Has worked every time so far. I ve used this to repair several music CDs and a couple of DVDs with 100 success. It s easy and fast to use. 
great speakers and radio. this was bought jsut to be able to pluug inipod 30gig. it worked great, sound was full and nice, reception on radio was excellent and the 
Perfect for 2 years under heavy use. I have nothing to report, that is, the device has performed flawlessly in the 2 years I have owned it. I subjected this 
Skeptical at first but now Love it!!. For the longest time I really didnt think 12 a month was worth this kind of radio but after buying the sr-2000 and 
What is all the fuss about??. I almost didn t purchase this CD player because of all the bad reviews it had been getting, but I decided to go for 
Atlantic Multimedia Cabinet DRA280MM03 . Good and sturdy product. I wish the cabinet were a little bigger, but otherwise, it s great  
Works Great. This projector was very easy to install and does a fine job for the price. Note: all projectors are ambient light sensitive. Make sure that you have a 
Pros and cons. I have three of these CD towers, and in general I m very pleased with them. I like the wave design, and they hold a LOT of 
D-Link DGS-2208 8-Port 10 100 1000 Desktop Switch. Switch was simple to install to my existing network, just plug and go. I used this switch to separate some CPUs off 
Great product. Well, i bought this sd mini card for my motoQ. Now I am using it a lot and it is not disappointing me. Functioning very well. I always 
Versatile and powerful. I like that this came with both a plug for the cigarette lighter and clips to attach directly to the battery -- very versatile. I don t 
Great mouse. I lovet his mouse. The ball never gets stuck and runs smooth. The picture is clear and bright, it doesnt fade. It is so adorable, any HK lover 
Excellent - Best EarPhones you can ever get or dream of. This item is the greatest, Bass is excellent, suround,... i never got like this purity of sound from other 
Very Good!. This mouse is of very good quality. The only reason I didn t give it 5 stars is because the range is very limited, but if you are 
Nice mount. I bought this mount for my 42 . Well built and strudy....once bolted to the wall, I had no reservations about doing chin-ups from one of the cross 
great bargain. the overall apperance is good and the keys feel firm not cheap as i feared the mouse lights up also wich my daughter really liked. i would recomend 
iPod Nano 2 GB. Overall, very enjoyable, sleek design and easy to use. Wish I had waited for next generation release a month or so after purchase to get lower 
these last and last. I bought a 4 pack of AA batteries for my GPS about a month ago. As advertised, they were fully charged right out of the package. 
I LIKE. This mouse was my first wireless of my own, but I have used others and this one is the best so far.  
Works fine, but not really needed. My review of this is based on my rating for the Forerunner 201 unit itself. This is just the bracket, and it works fine. 
Love It. I have started to use this with my new gaming computer and i have found it a very nice product. I got it for 340 making it cheaper 
good things come in small packages. The Garmin eTrex Venture Cx has variously been described as a stripped unit, or as a GPS for someone who wants just the basics. 
Great Pad. This pad is the best I ve used thus far. HUGE, so make sure you have the space for it. Great feel with little to no drag.  
Works beautifully. I love this memory card. It is faster for uploads and downloads. It works in my Sony Cybershot, my PSP, and my Epson printer unlike another reviewer. I 
Good Value. Nice Inverter at a good price. This inverter is fairly large, but it is also much more powerful than the ones that can only be plugged into the 
No need for monster cables. This otpical cable is a bargain especially for 12 long. There s really no need to spend a ton of money on an optical cable 
pretty nifty. sound quality pretty decent. not adjustable, so i hope you have a large skull. be careful with the little plastic clasps that allow the headphones to collapse. they 
i buy every built product i see... ...so, unobjectively speaking, i like it. i have a 15.5 widescreen, and i think i was supposed to get the 15 sleeve because 
Great Portable DVD Player. I had already gotten a portable DVD player but after I saw this one I took it back. For a cheaper price I got this one. 
Works for me. This is my second digital recorder and I m very happy with it. My first one, from radio shack was barely audible even turned all the way 
All the features you really need. I used this little GPS for a recent trip to California I live in Boston, where it also works great - I ve learned 
Just plug it in and it works. Finally! Something high-tech that basically installs itself. No hassle. No user-hostile experience. Why did I buy this? I had two LinkSys routers at 
These are great remotes. This is a wonderful remote that you can get to function exactly as you want it to. It learns any key you want and if a 
A must have!. This is an excellent product for business travellers. It really prevents others to watch you. The view clarity is excellent. I should have purchased this product sooner 
Better and cheaper than a generator. This is such a neat device. It works great for those times with the power goes out and it does double duty for camping, 
Great inexpensive phone. I have two GE cordless phone: both were inexpensive and work great  
AWESOME!!!. I recently started karaoke at a friend s house. She has the same machine so when I decided to buy one for my house I searched and searched. There 
Very good. Goods- Four Additional USB Ports in one PCMCI slot.- No additional driver, s w installs required I used it on Win XP Pro- SP2 - Comes with an 
great product, lite weight. I love this product. Unfortunately, I blew mine up in West Africa my computer was not damaged , so when I returned I ordered another right 
Great Radio and Great Service!. If you read my review a month ago I guess I was a bit too hard on Sangean Radio but since then a very nice 
worthy alternative for cd dvd printing. I needed a printer for printing on DVD s, and wanted something other than HP or Epson Epson s cartridges are said to show 
GREAT SOUND. THE SURROUNDBAR PRODUCES GREAT SOUND. LIKE ALL THE OTHER REVIEWS I READ IT DOES NOT PRODUCE A 360 DEGREE AFFECT. BUT IT DOES GET THE SOUNDS TO THE 
Really like it!. I have used this printer for photos, cards and regular printing. I have been pleased with all that I have done so far. I will probably upgrade 
Great timely shipping. I ordered this item and I received it in only a few days with the cheapest shipping methods possible. The produce was new as advertised and represented 
Excellent Radio. I am completely pleased with this radio. It brings in quite clearly several FM stations in my area that my other radios cannot receive and the reception on 
Color most true. I was first introduced to a Huey by the senior most photographer in our office, a man with nearly over 40 years experience in the field. As 
A good tool for lecture recording. I purchased this for recording lectures in seminary, and thus far it works quite well. The sound is muddy for sure, but understandable.I record 
reliable, and I like the rubber cover. I ve had this drive for over two years. I ve had one minor problem I loaned it to someone, and they corrupted 
Simple and Inexpensive. I have a 30GB Ipod, and it fits well. You can t get the bubbles out of the screen shield, but videos look good, and the touchwheel 
An interesting tuner with outstanding selectivity. The HDT-1 is certainly an interesting and somewhat versatile product. The interior chassis is composed of two modules, one for signal processing and the 
Excellent printer. First of all, I rated this printer at four stars only because its an ink hog. To be fair, I print high resolution photos so I suppose thats 
Excellent universal. Overall this is a very good remote. It replaced 5 of my remotes, which is all except my Bose, which is RF controlled. It even replaced my Windows 
Great for the Price. This is a very good not great case for storing your CDs with jewel cases. It only holds 57 store bought CDs and it is a 
Great for the price. If you aren t looking to spend a lot, this is a great deal. Sounds great; and where can you find 7.1 receiver for 170??? Plus 
Kind Of Important. This is what connects your Zen Vision: M to the charger or USB cable. So it s a very important little piece of plastic. I d recommend 
Excellent Remote. This is an excellent remote for an excellent price. I have a stereo system in my basement attached to a computer which uses Foobar2000 to play music. Before 
good value. Just purchased this handy little item as I wanted to test the PDA waters before jumping in on a more expensive model. It works great for what I 
Great Product - Especially for the Price. I purchased this to connect my computer and my kids computer to the same flat panel monitor, keyboard and mouse. Being able to 
Amazing Customer Service though.... I bought the 128MB card 8-9 mnths ago. At first didnt notice it but the usable memory kept getting smaller! Finally it gave a Error Reading 
Solid trouble free products from Transcend again. Generally I ve been quite happy with any flash memory product from Transcend, I work retail and have to sell their products off 
It wears is name - ToughSkin. ...and it fit very well with my NANO. Just love it. I have no worries to carry my iPod without thinking I could scratch 
It does have force feedback, but weak in my opinion. I bought two of these wheels last month and I m about to order 2 more I m setting up 
It s Exciting. The portable color TV was the perfect gift. Clear picture and sound. Great reception. The person I gave this to really enjoys caring it around, convenient size. 
Very good, no problems thus far. I ve only had this phone for a week, but thus far it s been great! I like that there is no antenna to 
Better than my old Belkin model. It s speedy and space saving and inexpensive. I bought this to replace my Belkin because the Belkin needed to be plugged in. This 
It s a cable... If you need this, it s inexpensive and works just fine. nough said  
Great Picture, 1 missing feature, 1 side effect. Overall this TV has a great picture and sound. We use it for OTA HD broadcasts and my original intent was to 
head phones were great. Very nicely packaged and in great condition. Love the interchangeable cap  
90 Great 10 Bad. Bottomline regarding the Samsung 1080p 52 is that I am quite pleased. The only LCD I saw that may be better is the Sony but it 
They are great!!. These premium earphones are amazing! The only problem I have with them is that they wont stay in because my ears are kinda small and oily... other 
Excellent Item Great Deal!. Bought this item 3 weeks ago and had it installed at circuit city. Item Is authentic and works great! Works up to 1 mile without any 
So far ... cool, silent, and reliable. Over the last two years I purchased six Segate USB2 160-GB. This is my first Seagate USB2 250-GB, now over one month old. 
Lots of power in a small package. I really thought the reviews for this item were probably a little over-blown, but the speakers have proven me wrong. As someone who 
Great shredder!. This is a great shredder for home office use. I ve had smaller, less durable shredder and they seemed to jam constantly. But, this particular shredder works well. 
It is a good PDA. I feel well with my Ppc it is that I was looking fo  
iPod Mini Lanyard. I really like this lanyard as it is from Apple and cheaper than their website. It works great too  
HP Pavilion 8000 17 notebook. Excellent case with a great deal of storage space. The separate pocket case for the computer is especially nice for extra protection and carrying the 
Great from beginning to end. Ordering a big screen TV online was definitely a new experience for me, but having read the other reviews about delivery service with Amazon, I 
No complaints. Items were as advertised, arrived ahead of schedule and undamaged.In short, the sort of product and service one should expect from any retailer  
Hubby loves it!. I bought this for my husbands birthday. He was very excited. He had been looking at bags at a local store and hadn t found anything as 
Just Fine. The sound quality isn t brilliant, but it suits my purpose for listening to audiobooks. It would be perfect for a youngster. The only drawback is that there 
Skip wireless. Tired of wireless not working in your house? Just get this and be done with it.Easily get 6 Mbps in every outlet  
Ipod takes another blow. Well, to begin with, I am a complete iPOD hater. The whole idea of wasting an buttload of money on something with limited features doesn t 
Excellent Product. Rich sound, convenient remote. Not a Bose product, but very, very good quality for the price.Only issue is the volume is rather startling when using this as an 
Great buy. I purchased three of these for three Kodak easyshare camerasI gave as gifts. It was a great buy for much less than whatyou can get at any local 
GSC 10 Cadence Sensor. based on previous reviews of this product, I went ahead and changed the battery before even trying to install it.Installed it in tandem with my current 
Canon S830D Photo Printer. I have the digital camera Canon Powershot S200 and just purchased this printer. Set it up last night without any difficulty and the photos I printed 
Good but Sluggish. I love my tooldial and its software. My only complaint is that you must have a very large proccessor to run it effectively. I frequently find that 
Great AM Reception & FM Sound. I got this radio when Amazon had a special for 35.00; although they noted that it was discontinued, they started to sell it again. 
A slick little device. Glad I bought it. Had it out of the box and working in about half an hour. I did hit one little snag that required a 
The Best. Even though it is expensve, it is a palm pilot. You can plug it in via USB. It is a good PDA  
Not for the impatient... I ve had my G820 for about a year, and it has worked well on my Xbox. But make no mistake, it is VERY difficult to 
Reasonably easy to use, but a caveat. It only took one hard disk crash to make me pay attention to the need to back up. I back up all files 
Sister loves it!. I bought this case for my sister to go along with the iPod that I gave her for Christmas and she absolutely loves it. It is lightweight, 
A great player. This item was rated 5 stars before I bought it, and the reviews were right on the money. The price is the clincher, but also the fact 
The 3 C s Crisp Clean Clear . I use this phone as a VOIP and it has a crisp, clean and clear sound. When I first set up the 
Couldn t be happier with this ... I just wanted to be able to listen to my iPod at the office withour putting on headphones - is that too much 
I own this and got exactly what was described. I got two headphones unlike the other reviewer. It came with everything described. The screen is 5 inches and it is 
Great Style and Quality, but Overpriced. Very nice style, durable heavy quality construction, easy-to-follow assembly instructions, good for concealing A V wiring. This stand serves well for putting various audio 
Great Helmet Cam!!!. The Archos Helmet Camcorder is a great tool! I bought it to film my Motorcycle rides and my Haitian Carnival 2007 experience! Using the ARCHOS 504. It 
a good purchase. This fan isn t as quiet as it seems in store, but overall it gives good performance. There s no AC at the place I rent and 
SIEMPRE CONFIABLES. TENGO YA MUCHO TIEMPO UTILIZANDO LOS DISCOS MEMOREX, TANTO DVD COMO CD, Y SIEMPRE HAN RESULTADO SER MUY BUENOS.POR LO GENERAL LOS COMPRO EN EL MOMENTO EN QUE 
Adept. This particular unit has been around awhile I also have one from London branded number puzzle , now rebranded by Franklin for an American release.First, there is no backlight.Second, 
Will this thing ever die?. Just thought I d stop shop by and look at what was available from Sangean. I might as well say it, I ve had my 
Fit My PDA and Then Some!. It is large, so don t think it will fit in a small purse, but it can fit more than just the PDA. I 
Worth buying even if you only have 20 LP s to convert. The excitement and joy in my husband s face after hearing the converted french-canadian LP s was just 
ridata dvd s. very good quality dvd s i was able to use them in ever one of my dvd players  
Espectacular. Compre este, mi primer LCD TV hace tan solo 3 dias. Habia oido del prestigio del Sharp Aquos, en particular algunos modelos que no son precisamente el LC37D43U. No 
Get a NiMH battery. I agree with those who have had battery problems. I replaced all the original handset batteries with NiMH batteries about a year ago and haven t 
Very good for the price. Pros: Excellent tone from the large speaker, accurate analog tuning dial with large numerals to guide you, great plug in adapter that isn t one 
Great Stereo - Almost Perfect For an Office Environment. The most important thing I was looking for in a small stereo was an auxiliary audio input so that I could 
couldn t be more pleased.... I wanted a receiver to play music in my den.Period.Little portable unit wasn t cutting it,needed enough juice to power two Infinity bookshelfs and a 
Great value. I use a Minolta DiMAGE G500 and this was an excellent memory upgrade. Spent a week in Hawaii taking pictures and 30-sec movies. Never ran out of memory! 
Good basic phone. Works great and is at a reasonable rate. Would recommend for basic use, although for users needing speaker phone and mute options, this may not be it 
Lexmark High Yield Print Cartridge. I love that I can get twice the yield printed pages from one cartridge for much less than twice the price of the regular cartridge! 
An effortless USB hub. No matter how many USB port I had, I always seemed to need more. I had ports on my computer, more on my monitor, even two 
Worked well for me. These labels are good quality and scored for easy trimming by hand after printing. I had no real problems with the included software. It isn t 
swiss gear rolling computer case. I love the case, it is large enough for my medical textbooks and it also easily converts into an overnight bag. The handle is a 
A &quot;Smart&quot; Inkjet Cartridge with Great Print Quality. I have had inkjet printers and laser printers and other kinds too. But this is the first time I have had a 
Great Case. The case is made of good quality clear plastic. It has a soft silicon plug in the bottom to protect the 2 jacks but allows you to easily 
Great Antenna wish I purchased it sooner.. For starters, the Terk HDTVa is the amplified version of the Terk HDTVi. Let me make this short and brief, not all antennas 
My son is very happy with it. Works well, not problems with downloading. No cords, just plugs in.Works great.  
Excellent product!. This is a great pack of photo paper ink. My only complaint is that the paper is post card sized and has post card mailing lines across the 
Best mouse ever. I have been using this mouse for almost 2 years now. I have not had any problem with it. It is small to carry around. I like 
Best deal from Haliburton. This is the best deal from Haliburton that the government ever got. Now I want my 800,000 toilet seat for that 18.99  
Good Looks Great performance. AM sensitivity is very good on this model. AM frequency lock is a little difficult to master, however it makes the set drift free. I own 
Excellence TV. This 52 Sharp LCD TV is a nice TV. It looks really good with HD signal. I connect my Oppo 1080p to that TV and picture quality is 
great bang for the buck. Great price, good speed on nikon d200 and hp hx4700 pda. nothing bad, all good  
Wonderful Picture. After researching several portable DVD player I decided to purchase the Phillips PET1000 10.2 Portable DVD Player and have been very pleased with this purchase. The is hands 
Energizer ER-P290 2.4-Volt Cordless Phone Battery. Good price. Timely delivery. Shipping and handling quite high for single item. Glad I ordered three at the same time  
Recommended by SONY. By using this double-sided miniDVD media, I save space for it case. Just need one case instead two. Usually Sony DVDcam showing warning if it detect DVD 
Great document receipt scanner for Windows and Linux. I ve used the Canon CanoScan LiDE 60 under Microsoft Windows Vista and Ubuntu GNU Linux 6.10, and it works great in 
Excellent Phone. I have read reviews complaining about this phone. I disagree. It serves its purpose very well. I have not had problems getting over 2 hours of talk time 
Outstanding backpack with room for everything!. This is simply an outstanding, sturdy backpack that has been well thought out to store your 17 laptop, books, and all other necessities for 
A first time DigiArtist. I love this Tablet, It s just like working with the real thing with out all that mess, just got to get used to it, I 
Worked like a champ. I purchased this cable for my wife s MP3 player. The original cable had met an unfortunate demise on I-520 here in GA. This cable worked 
Most comfortable gamer headset yet. After doing much reading of personal reviews on forums I narrowed it down to this and the icemat headset. What put this one above the 
Samsung HP-S4253 42 Plasma HDTV. We are very happy with our new TV. The picture quality is great and was very easy to set up and use. This was by 
huh. Works with the following models: CTK-431, CTK-451, CTK-471, CTK-481, CTK-491, CTK-496, CTK-551, CTK-571, CTK-573, CTK-591, CTK-651, CTK-671, CTK-691, CTK-731, LK-40, LK-42, LK-43, LK-45, LK-50, LK-55, LK-73, LK-90TV, MZ-2000, WK-1200, 
Sandisk Micro SD 2 GB. Purchased for an MP3 player and it works like a charm  
Wonderful. I saw the small size of this case and was in love. It has plenty of space for dvds and cords though it wont hold large headphones unless they 
Bring the bass!. These were replacements for the V-Moda Vibes, a nice pair of cans but a little weak in the bass for me and almost no sound isolation.PROS: Massive 
there just batteries. theyre friggin batteries. what else can I say. they last ok and cost ok. no big deal  
great Little IPOD. I now own an IPOD nano and this IPOD shuffle both are awesome. The Shuffle is great for jogs and long trips when you have to move 
Yamaha YPT-200AD 61 Key Electric Portable Grand Piano with Yamaha Education Suite and AC Adapter. Great gift for 10 year son.Likes it and is growing to love learning how to 
Very good sound. This player is small and fits in my pocket.The sound is really good althougth I prefer using my own headphones because the ones that come with it 
It s like having a new music collection. I don t know how they do it. I am so amazed and impressed by the sound quality of these speakers. You 
Ridiculously Fantastic. I have a number of toys in my older age, and the Apple I-Pod is clearly a favorite! I use it in the car. I use it with 
Very good monitor and the stand is very handy. I have been using this monitor for about a week now. It does require a video card with driver that supports 
sounds awsome!. they sound great and looks cool and goes loud but, the cord is too long. you can just stick in your pocket but it can fall out of 
Solid. First off it worked great and is very nice looking small . This is the cheapest HDMI switch with 5-port I found, but also the most expense video switch 
If You Can Have Only One Radio. Every house should have a Grundig S350 Deluxe. Big, brawny, grabbing in all the hard-to-get stations with ease, championing a big antenna that 
If you can tap out a rhythm with your fingers... Tried this after using and returning an Akai MPD16, which looks pretty similar - but this feels better, responds better, 
Great Product. I use this card scanner all the time now. It works perfectly and is small enough to be unobtrusive on my desk  
SDHC Card Reader. Got this to keep WITH my camera at all times for download to PCs. Works GREAT with SDHC and has an nice rear door that stays on 
What a great HDTV for the price!. I ve been looking at HDTV s for 2 years now. I looked at DLP s and Plasma s first. However, I must 
Good Service. CD player arrived in excellent shape and as promised; extra care taken in packaging. Very nice product  
Seems Pretty Good to Me - But Watchout for the OLD Platinum Version. I agree that the build quality on the Platinum is slightly lower than the original 10c series 
it simply works after all. this little baby is just hook up my desktop, wireless AP, wired router togetherit just works, nothing elsetips: if you d like to use overseas, 
Canon Pixma IP1700. The printer was easy to set up and get operating. It is a lot quieter and faster than the Epson model 820 that it s replacing.The only 
intuos 6x11. I bought the intuos 6x11 pen tablet couple weeks ago and I use italmost every day so far so good, I don t expect to have any problems 
I d be lost without it. The TomTom GO 300 did a great job navigating me around an unfamiliar city. I d be lost without it for sure. I would 
He sure is... There s no such thing as a 1 and 0 on a wire... just high frequency analog signals that need to be passed well enough that they 
Need to purchase good headphones seperately!. Good product, except for the headphones that are included. Also, check in the manual for the site to download the MP3 software for ripping 
It s fine!. Mixed reviews from people on this. I think it s fine. I got 2 as gifts for friends in Africa and were there when they arrived. They 
Excellent Lock!. The Kensington Microsaver DS lock is really good. Right out of the box you can tell its very strong and i feel confident this lock could stop all 
I keep coming back to this one. I owned this before for several years. It finally gave up after water got into it through a small rip in the top, 
Generally OK. I have owned 3 of these phones for over 2 years. They were very reasonably priced and have worked OK for the time I have had them. Last 
power charger. gives me charged cells in quick time..added advantage is the world wide voltage capabilit  
Very well worth the money. I ordered these because of their sound isolation feature. These come with a small carry case that I like to bring around along with my 
Improved Satellite Radio Reception. This antenna definitely improved the signal for Sirius radio. We still get some dropouts around noon to 2 PM Pacific time, so we may still need 
Very Good Batteries, Questionable Value. The batteries worked well directly out of the package.Recharging time is commensurate with other rechargeable batteries of the same mAh rating.The price premium for these 
Good quality webcam. I found no problem installing the software. And the quality is much much better compared to my old legitech webcam. Even in the dark room, the picture 
Great Sound and Functionality. I play games and listen to music, and this is one fine system for doing both. I especially wanted this system for its architecture wireless surround-sound 
Love it!. Love the double screens, this was the best investment that we have made in a long time.The great thing about this DVD player is that you can use 
Great price and it works!. Just picked this up for my older desktop and had it installed and running within 5 minutes. I had previously tried a Linksys card but 
NOW a great value in speakers. Several years ago when these first came on the market they were totally novelty priced, ie. more expensive than warranted. But now at 399. 
WARNING: No Razer mouse, you better test before you buy. I was looking at this mouse pad already at CompUSA where it was far higher prized but I wanted it. 
Great mounting kit. The kit was easy to install and looks great. I used the mounting brackets for Polk Audio Speakers and was able to successfully install both on the 
great product makes life easier. This one of those products your girlfriend wonders why you are wasting your money on, that turns out to make life so much easier. It 
Great product!!. I m using this with my Samsung BlackJack and it works fantastic with Google Maps Windows Live Search. GPS signal acquisition can take up to about a minute 
I got what I wanted. I ve been wanting one of these for years. It is so very handy as I can take it with me to any room or 
Very good SD Card. I like it very much, I use it in an outdoor trail camera for wild game and it hold several pictures and has been in the 
Love it!. I bought this for my 4 year old instead of the FP keyboard. Such a good move. It sounds great and keeps his interest and his parents love 
Uniden TRU8885-2 5.8 GHz Cordless Phone. I ve gone through many cordless phones and the change to this one was due to interference on my wireless network from a 2.4GHz 
This thing is great!. It s simple, easy to use, versitile and unobtrusive. Instead of carrying a big folder of CDs, I have a tiny folder of SD chips with 
superb case.... I recently bought a second gen nano, and was looking for an acrylic case to keep it safe. It is sturdy, and the clickwheel covering is awesome it 
Great remote for TIVO units!. I bought this to replace a lost Tivo series 2 remote control. Worked right out of the environmentally unfriendly plastic packaging  
Monster Ultra High Capacity Batteries. This is a great purchase. I m very happy with the performance, quality and time to charge.  
Great headphones!. I bought these because I was trying to find some headphones that would not fall out of my ears. These are the only ones that I have found 
Great memroy card, very cheap for its enormous capacity. i got this minisd for 1 month now and its working like a charm.buy it it the best choice for the 
Good Deal for The , Works Great Overall. We purchased these to replace a forever defective Motorola set. Initially we had issues with the phones cutting out in the middle 
Great Bluetooth Headset. I purchased the system because I wanted a headset that would work with my office phone as well as with my Treo 650. Installation was fairly straightforward. 
Great value for a sturdy, easy-to-install mount. I read the Amazon customer reviews on this wall mount, and decided to check it out. I am glad I did! I have 
XM Antenna. I have two of these antenna s. I have two different XM radios in my house and these antenn a work great. In my location I didn t 
D-Link is tops. I had been using a Belkin F5U021 4-Port hub. My computer was constantly reporting Low USB power, I d have to unplug something to get something else 
Pretty good... I just got this device a few days ago. I have to agree with the reviewer that you will need to put up with a little hiss pop 
Very Very good Sound. First of all, I have been an audiophile since age 8. I am 51 now. I own a 35K Krell audio system, for those in the 
Great value for cost. You can t go wrong with this little adapter. I am using it on my iBook G4, for audio input microphone . It works just fine. 
Works well - may need to order another tip for your device. Excellent robust design. If going to a no-electricity place, this is an ideal way to charge your electrical 
Not a bad piece of hardware. I was given a Zune as a gift, recently. This isn t the first MP3 player I ve owned but it s the one 
Handy little gadget. My workspace lighting is not ideal. I found that my desk lamp cast some shadows and glare, so I picked up this notebook light to cast a 
Kanguru MP3- 2GB. this took me a while to figure out but now that i know how to use it i like i  
very good quality.....easy clean..... nice item..... very good item , special designed for bose products,i like it,looks fine..  
CLASSY - PERFECT FIT. LOVE IT... it fits ipod 30gb perfectly.works great in bose also. will keep your ipod safer.highly recommend this product.  
These Earbuds Are The Best. I took my MP3 player into the store with me to check out earbuds.Eveyone I tried was terrible; so I ended up buying online.I read 
Texas Instrument TI-84 Plus Grafting Calculator. This calculator has provided my daughter with all the functions needed to do her school work If you re looking for something small, this 
Olympus 202049 USB 200 Media Reader. EXCELLENT PIECE OF EQUIPMENT. SHOULD BE STANDARD ISSUE WITH CAMERAS USING AN XD CARD. MAKES REVIEWING PICTURES A SNAP  
Gets the job done with no hassle. It s a basic printer that prints. I have no problem with using it. So far, no hassle no breakdowns  
THE Universal Remote. Wonderful upgrade from the 890. The touch screen works beautifully and is able to utilize all functions perfectly. Still easy to use and considerably durable given what 
Quality @ Reasonable price. I have two sets of these speakers, each set on seperate floors! They are small, compact, and produce a nice, big sound for a varity of 
awesome flashdrive. i disagree with all the negagtive comments twords the lexar s line of lightning flash drives.i keep mine attached to a messanger bag at all times, i toss 
Pretty good for Ipod Photo. screen and dial protectors are great! Cute design and looks nice in clear white. Worth i  
the sound needs work... I got these headphones and they fit great and they don t fall out, but there is a little bit of a static sound when I 
Great cheap cord. Used it to hook up my Apple Airport Express to my 5.1 Samsung sound system to play my iTunes music wirelessly to it. Auesome  
Good cassettes in good soft plastic boxes. I ve purchased these cassettes 1.5 years ago and now I am contemplating to purchase either between 10 or 20 more. I love 
Best of current crop. I think this is about the best of the current crop end of year 2005 of dual tuner video cards. However, I am still looking forward 
Hard to remove. It s a flash memory card used in a LG cell phone. It works. It is, however, difficult to remove from the adapter necessary to use it 
Perfect phone for the Princess in your life. My daughter could not have been more pleased to receive this princess phone for her birthday! It is quite large and does 
Shipping Charges. Excellent product but why are your shipping charges 10 times higher than Epson  
Better then iPOD s arm band!. I LOVE this arm band. I have had it for about 6 months now. You dont have to take your iPOD out of the 
Smooth upgrade. Installing the Belkin USB card has been the easiest upgrade in recent memory. I put it into a 4-year-old Dell tower running Windows 2000. The card was automatically 
Portable Cassette Recorder. I love this recorder. It is smaller and more light weight than others that I have purchased. Unfortunately, it is more and more difficult to find a 
Unconfortable. The product is well made and nice, but it is difficult to put a 15 notebook in it. It fit so tight that I think it was made for 
good dvd labels. i used them with cover xp which has preset templates for this paper.Get the covers from cvdcovers.cc and drag and drop from internet explorer to cover xp, 
Kingston 1 GB - DIMM 240-pin - DDR II KVR533D2N4 1G. My opinion is based on the service provided by Amazon.com. The service was great no negative feed back to 
Great value!. If your are looking for a big mouse this is for you, I m using for my laptop, the thing is I really don t like those mini 
Good product. Dog walking and sports news a good combination. Bought a sony and a panasonic from amazon, one of each hangs by the front and back doors. Top pocket 
Great for music, but what did she say?. Having owned this system now for a couple of years I have had my ups and downs but overall I am pretty 
Good Investment. I puchased this jumpdrive over 2 years ago and I have no complaints in fact I would like to purchase the 1 GB jumpdrive  
Great Product. I purchased the cassette player to listen to audiobooks. I think it is a excellent product for the price. The sound quality is very good. The size is 
Perfect PDA case. I love this case. It protects my Palm and also allows me a space to carry my sync cable. I sync between the Palm, my computer at 
Got it with new PC. I went and customized a new Gateway PC and you know thought the L2 cache would help me out here...and it does....It s a good 
Very pleased. I wanted a wireless speaker for our deck. I decided on this one based on the reviews and the company that makes it. It is very easy to 
Nice bag. I gave it five stars b c I got exactly what I expected to get. Everything fits in it but there is very little extra room, I wanted 
great TV card and easy to use software. I use this card to record DIY channels and hockey games. The picture quality is pretty good. I used to have it 
Good compact flash card. This is a good compact flash card. This is faster than most cameras can handle so there was no real reason to go with faster cards 
Headphones. I am a computer teacher and may of the applications that we use in my classroom involve audio. After the first few weeks of school, I decided that 38 
excellent memory card. I have 3 different cell phones, each one uses different memory card, MMS, SDmicro & now MSM I use to keep music, when I play it s 
Magellan Roadmate 6000T. Great product. It has worked like a charm. Large display and easy to use buttons. Software update was fast and easy. Traffic alerts and detours have saved 
I Love This Table !. I certainly don t know what the other reviewers expected...it s a T.V. Tray for Chrissake ! That said, I love this thing. First the 
PNY does it again!. My family is one of avid gamers. NCsoft had an update to their City of Heroes Game which we love that was more graphically intense for 
great product for great price. It works realy great, I red some other reviews before buying this product and I can only say that this product is preaty fast and 
this is the product you are looking for. if you don t want to spend a ton of money and you want the best quality possible. i am using the 
Very good reception and easy to operate. I am reasonably impressed with the reception abilities of this radio, especially after reading some of the reviews here. I live in the 
the coolest cd player!!!. i am a hello kitty fan and when i this i begged my mom to take me 2 get it. the cd player is very cool 
Well worth it. I have been using a Minolta S414 digital camera. The batteries that came with it were only 1600 mAmps. I never got through an entire ballgame without 
great after you figure it out. i read all the reviews about this one and was prepared for a tough software install. It isn t tough so much as a 
great to have spare battery!!. The camera goes through battery like crazy, so I got a spare one and I keep one charged at all times and it has came 
Great Deal. Cheaper than most sites ive been to and the product works great with no problems so far  
Satellite s Best Friend !. With DVRs requiring multiple tuners, a 3 LNB satellite still needs some assistance. I installed this Eagle Aspen 4X8 and can now supply both tuners 
This is what HP told me in a Email. the printer will not stop functioning when the ink expire. Would of did copy and paste here but amazon stops you 
It does what it says... In no place does it state that you can directly load data from a flash card to the iPod. It is a card reader through 
Great dictionary Thesaurus. I purchased the sharp PW-E550 electronic dictionary after reading all the great reviews. English is my second language, so I needed something portable to take with me 
Highly Reccomended. Very comfortable. I have small ears and still have no problems with these guys staying on while I m working out. I m very picky about my headphones 
Exactly what I needed for working out... I did plenty of research before buying this item. I was looking for a holder for my iPod specifically for working out and 
Excellant buy. I love my Nikon CoolScan V. It set up just great and started cranking out excellent scans right away. I think they must of fixed the problem with 
Good Webcam for the price. Purchased this webcam about 9 months ago. It was difficult to setup but once I got it working it is really quite amazing. I also 
Nice and quiet. LaCie has been one of my most favorite brands, since I have done numerous Lab reimaging annually and they keep on going. If you do not have 
Great Phones, Great Price. Very happy with this purchase. They work great in a big old house that has no phone jacks  
Fab. Does the job and has great sound as an addition to the clock radio by Tivoli. The cherry cabinet matches the furniture nicely. The clock itself: not the best, 
Excellent... Work great!Just install drivers before hardware.I actualy have a wireless network and with a hawking antenna HAO9SI and WAP54GX access point my neiborhood connect to my from 400 meters 
Para mi las mejores.. He usado varias marcas de cintas miniDV y estas son las que mejor resultado me han dado. Son muy estables aun en condiciones de mucha vibracion 
A Must Have Addition to Your Sketchup Workstation. I bought this gizmo specifically for use with Sketchup. I am happy to report that the SpaceNavigator s six degrees of freedom 
Great for travel!. This is a great flash reader for travel. If your camera takes an xD card, I would highly recommend this, and with Free SuperSaver Shipping, you can 
Simple and Effective. This thing is really easy to install and mount a flat-screen TV. The only piece of advice I ll pass on is to get a #3 Phillips 
My Belkin Nano Case. I got this case today,November 28th 2005, and I love it. The clip even has a place on the belt clip to put your headphones, but 
Decent card for your budget. Installing the card is a bit tricky. You have to install the driver first, then insert the card into the PCI slot. For some reason, 
Nice Purchase. Great sound in a small box. Easy to use. Very good AM reception, with antenna use. Like the easy AUX input for MP3 player. Solid feel  
Great phone with modern design. I m not really a techie but this phone came with great reviews of interference free calling, so I thought I d try it out. 
Works great with Canon 350D Rebel Xt . I m not beholden to the SanDisk brand, and did quite a bit of research, and the overall reviews tend to point 
An ok holder. This product is [retty good, but don t even try putting a bood on it, the holder will tip over and it doesn t clip the pages 
Kensington 62348 Contour Roller Carrying Case. This is my third roller case for my new 17 laptop. Works like a charm  
Right size. I was so glad to run across this product. I always have such trouble when I travel connecting all of my devices in hotel rooms. I can easy 
Bose Rules. I am sorry to see the negative reviews on this board. I have had Bose speakers for more than thirty years. My first set, a pair of 601 
Bought this for my 3 year old grand daughter. This has the clearest picture I have seen on anything in a long time. My grand daughter watches Cinderella III and 
Works with the 80GB iPod. This charger works fine with my 80GB iPod. After checking the specs on this one and the other one by MacAlly which they sell specifically 
Love it... As a reporter, I decided to buy this keyboard because I was always taking notes at meetings. I would highly recommend it. I used it w my IPAQ, 
A great value in a 1000 HDTV. I have owned this TV now for about one week. I was going to wait longer to post a review, but since there 
Great little printer, BUT... My mother in law bought one of these printers for each of her kids. She also bought a jump drive for us to use with it. 
Mac compatible. I just want to confirm that this camera is indeed compatible with a Mac, and works reasonably well with Skype. My set up: 1.5 GHz Powerbook G4, Mac 
Excellent DVDs. So far..., the ones I burnt i.e. almost more than half of the DVD s, have held up the company s name. I would recommend to buy em 
Very Good!!!. Just like every other review about this radio. It s packed with all the features that listeners need to have like PLL tuning, direct keypad frequency entry, scan 
thumbs up. this is a great little printer especially for its size and price 40 prints a little dark often, but that can be adjusted on the software sideit has 
Great For Cell Phones. I purchased the Mini SD 512 MB flash memory card for my LG 8100 to enhance the memory in the phone. It was easy to install 
Durable. I got this headphone from my sister which means that it was used already, and I have been using it for around 3 years, the last 2 years at 
A really nice portable DVD player. I have owned this player for over a month now, and have had no problems with it. Battery life is ok too. We took 
Replacing your old cables worth every penny!. If you want to get the very best out of your video equipment, definitely upgrade your cable to Monster cables. We couldn t 
Superb, unique, Treo 650 Deskphone Bluetooth Solution!. I talk on a landline or on a Treo 650 all day from my home office. I ve been using a Palm Treo 
Great buy!. I purchased the Mobile Edge 14.1 Neoprene Sleeve Black from Amazon.com and was very pleased.The delivery was fast, and more importantly, the sleeve is a great buy! It 
Excellent well thought out product. This is a well thought-out design for a power strip. I can fix 4-5 power adapters without wasting any other points. Good build quality and 
Good Sound!!!. Great sound quality for the price. You could buy the Sony MDR earphones for around 50, but this gives you the same sound quality for much less!!  
Couldn t be happier!. I was unable to even find any male female extension USB cables at my local bricks & mortar stores, and the male male cables available cost 
Great product. Software needs a bit improvement. I bought this a few months back, and I use it mostly for playing WoW.PROS: Very high quality product, strong enough to endure 
Pretty frikin sweet. I have them hooked up to 2 of the whiteboards in the office. It is great  
Works with Linux. Works out of the box with Ubuntu Linux 6.10. Kernel is 2.6.17. I don t have to compile anything. It is OHCI compliant for the firewire port. 
Fantastic. I love these. Everybody always asks me where I got my cool earbuds. I have bought pairs for my husband and several coworkers. Everyone loves theirs  
memory stick. the 1 gb card took all the pictures on a trip to hawaii, over 300  
Good unit... is Up-Converting what you think it is?. I purchased this receiver for two reasons. First HDMI in out, and second for the ability to up-convert non-hd components such 
Iogear KVM switch. This is my second Iogear KVM switch and both have worked perfectly. It is a great way to work between two computers with a single monitor , 
No Problems for the last 2 Years. I purchased this product over 2 years ago and have used it quite often in that time. Initially, we used it in the 
An excellent choice. I bought one of these in 1 07 and then another in 3 07 because I liked it that much. On its highest setting its too bright 
Really Makes A Difference. I purchased this oil with the Fellowes Powershred PS-77Cs 12 sheet Confetti Cut Shredder, and throw some in every other week or so ... it really 
High expectaions. I have regained my respect of Panasonic in recent years. Thier electronics were the first brand I ever owned. Thier plasma monitors are fantastic. I purchased this unit 
Much more than I would have expected for the money. I ve been away from keyboard instruments for years, and this is a great way to get back into it. 
Excellent. A pile of bills and documents was waiting for me at home after a couple of months without a shredder, and after some careful consideration, I decided to buy 
Pricey but nice. These new eneloops are very nice for the mere fact that I don t have to worry if my rechargeables are dead or not. Wish they had 
Muvo TX. I am happy with the Muvo TX 1GB MP3 Player. It works well, easy to download the MP3 files into it. I agree with other reviewers that the 
Epson Velvet Art Paper is Fine. I have been taking photos since I was [...] and only recently began to take this once in a blue moon hobby to heart. 
Fantastic music to go. You can t beat the siza and the weight, not to mention the storage capacity of the 4MB iPod. Ease of use is also wonderful. Only 
Helllooo MOGO. Love this mouse. This is the ultimate laptop mouse and what laptop mouses should be. The only thing they could add now that we are all spoiled by 
Worth every penny.. This unit has a fabulous picture. The only improvements I d like to see are quicker tuner switching, easier input switching, and incremental zooming  
Slide scanning. Though limited to 4 slides at a time, even if in plastic or paper, excellentscan of originals. worth the process of waitng. Over over all in one product 
Problems with DVD player?. I rarely write reviews but I could not believe what I saw with the 24 DVD players and it doesn t work. All I ever use 
Can t live without it.... I just love this little MP3 player. I have about 300 songs on it and still have 4MB left. I don t think I ll 
THIS IS THE PACKAGE TO GET. The two packs are too expensive for SAME product  
Does the job. Set up went without incident. ULead software now included was powerful and easy to follow. Created a dvd from a VHS tape in 2 hours. No complaints. 
Very fast. This charger is amazing! , it is ready in 15 minutes and the batteries last too long in my digital camera.The cooler works very good keeping the batteries 
A Great Value!. Look folks, anytime you buy an electronic item of ANY kind, some have trouble while others do not. And yes, occasionally a certain item or brand seems 
Great Product, I use it at work and for working out. I read some of the previous reviews and have to admit I was a little worried, I went ahead 
Wow! Speaker sounds so good for 29.99!. Read some good reviews at Amazon.. Bought 2 pairs and tested them on my home amplifier. Plugged my Ipod in and played some 
Good One!!. I purchased this player recently from amazon.com.This is working good until now no probs.Wish sony had madea cordless remote instead of corded one...which makes u feeltoo many wires!!The 
Great phone but.... The Netgear Dual Mode Cordless Phone is excellent phone with a couple minor flaws. While the range, ease of setup, and the ability to use your Skype 
Exceptional Everything. I was amazed at the signal strength and aquisition time for this unit. I use it with my Palm TX, and TomTom software. I had problems with the 
Snazzy looking and perfectly functional. Been using this for two months now and have no problems with it. Like the looks, comfortable enough for my treks around campus, big enough 
Nice and cheap. I ve sold my Yamaha P120 to buy this thing... and plus to buy Firepod and some other stuff : Pros:CheapLight weight and compactNo hassels setupDoes exactly 
It s a Shure 58... of course it s great. The SM58 is pretty much the #1 choice by most people for a stage handheld. The Beta 58 is basically 
Great Life. I have used Energizer Batteries for many years and I have found that they work much better than Duracell or anyother battery. These batteries are especiall great for 
Great product. This is great, not only can you use it overseas as well - the batteries are of good quality and you really can t beat the price.  
awesome. I bought the armband so I could take my Zen running with me and it has been so convenient. The Skin protects the Zen so I m not concerned 
GREAT RECEPTION & SOUND!. Though I get great reception barefoot when down town Little Rock, I ordered these headphones due to the problem of poor reception by the unit itself 
This phone gets my approval. With all the rave about the 6.0 dect phones, I tried another brand. It had alot of static sounds in the background. My 900 mghz 
Seems designed specifically for jogging. This case is made of nice material. Unfortunately the Ipod fits rather loosely in the case. Also, one of the Velcro flaps on the top 
Great mount. The Omni mounts are some of the top notch mounts on the market today. They are basically indestructible. The 20lb rated mounts appear to be able to hold 
Sony 1GB Memory Stick Pro Duo. Easy to use and download from. Quickly captures and reproduces images in my mini-DV camcorder. Recently used it on a one week trip to 
ipod batter booster. It works and arrived promptly. Not sure what else to say. It Doesn t quite fit the mini, but I am making it work for me.  
Excellent Quality for the Price. I have to agree with the two previous reviewers. For the price, these headphones are very good.The other reviewers just don t know what they 
NANO Skin. Perfect, you never want to take it off. It protects every aspects of your nano ipod!! Hughly recommended!  
makes it a lot easer to play with GPS. my GPS did not fit getting wedged inbetween my dash and windshild at all so this makes using my GPS a 
Works great. Does just what it says it will do. Was easy to install.  
iPod Armband. I have used this item frequently on solo marathon training runs. Works fantastic. A better buy than the Apple brand armband by far  
Picture Card. Your typical memory card but for the FujiFilm camera. They are difficult to find in local stores in our area. Just as expected and price was comparable to 
Bargain Buy. Buying from Amazon was cheapest price especially with free shipping. Stepped up for more power per channel. Stayed in the Sony family. Previous Sony surround, output to center 
worth it . . absolutely. I recently added one of these to my high-end ish 2 channel stereo system. The difference it nakes is astonishing. I plug amps, pre-amp, cd 
Good purchase!. I bought two of these phones - one for me and one for my father. While we had to learn a few tricks in the beginning to get 
Works great. We were having some issues with mold in our closet. We got the CFM-40 because it seemed smaller & quieter than others & we ve been very happy 
Great for your home theatre rear channels. I bought this set just for the cube speakers, which I use as wall-mounted rear surround sound speakers since they are so light. 
A great value!. I bought this as a last-minute replacement for a 6-year old Sony DVD player that finally died. I wasn t disappointed. Setup was super-easy although if you 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
TV turntable. The turntable works very well. It s just the right size, and rotates very smoothly  
Great Navigation Tool for the money!. If you allways get lost in the car, this is a Great Navigation Tool for the money! Specially if you allready own an Axim. 
Great Deal!. this doesn t have the best sound out there, but then again who wants to spend 150 on a set of headphones? For under 15 these are the 
Excellent Product. After using this product for 3 months I am yet to find something wrong with it. We have been using it with MS streets and trips. It works 
Nice phone, could be better. With a few drawbacks, this is a well-designed 4-line telephone. On the plus side, the base and remote handsets work well. In particular, the remote 
Good TV, great for the price. This TV has a lot going for it.Nice looks, good picture. If you want to replace a 27 tube TV, this is the set 
a solid product. I have three of these, two at home and one at work. The black pad tends to get and or look dirty, while the silver pads look 
Saved my HD!. I recently purchased the Pacific Breeze Laptop Cooler and so far am very impressed with it. Now this review should be taken with a grain of salt, 
I don t hear a difference but these things are well built!. My system always sounded great and used to use RadioShack s gold cable s. I got these cause 
It s called the Ultra Mini for a reason!. This review pertains specifically to the Targus PAUH217U 4 Port Ultra Mini USB 2.0 Hub.The cord is about 2.5 feet long 
Correction To Earlier Review. It s unfortunate that an earlier review indicated that the unit had a serious flaw -- beeps whenever there is a problem with the incoming power. 
Great Find. This player is very user friendly. It is feather light, and holds days worth of music, I think I maxed it out with 20 full albums. It will 
The Trip. We purchased the Magellan GPs system to take on our cross country Washington to Pennsylvania to Florida to Washington trip in September, 2006. It was very helpful in 
Works fine with Compaq IJ650. I have a Compaq IJ650, which uses the Lexmark 10N0016 cartridge. I have this printer for more than 2 years and never had problem with 
DVD Xpress DX2. This product worked perfectly transferring to the computer and then using the included software to put several home movies on one DVD. It also worked perfectly to 
It works!. I bought this to read my Smartmedia cards and it worked very well. As an added bonus it is also a nice looking product. It is sky blue 
Outstanding Product - Best in Class. This is by far the best mp3 player I have owned or otherwise experienced. The sound quality is second to none, and is fantastic 
Beautiful Phone. I was pleasantly surprised when I saw the quality of this very beautiful phone. It s a bit heavy, which I liked, and the chrome phone looks very 
great bag. I bought this for a friend who is a real estate agent. It was a birthday present. It was a larger than I expected. I have to say 
Excellent for average person. I bought this item in March 2006 cheap, don;t be afraid of refurbs . It makes excellent photolab quality pictures in about 1.5 to 2 minutes. 
Very good. A very good combination of price and quality. Long battery life. Good sound quality, almost no signal interruptions sounds mostly like a corded phone . The only thing 
Great PDA, GPS works well!. The 5915 is jam packed with useful applications starting with the GPS. The maps for my area Chicago are very current and I hear that 
Great for the price. These headphones look pretty cool and are more comfortable than the original ipod ones. They are a little weak in the bass frequencies...but the mids and 
DO NOT BUY THIS CARD!. If you own a Canon camera, Canon does NOT support WA Write Acceleration feature of Lexar s high-speed cards:http: www.lexar.com digfilm wa cf.htmlCurrent camera partners 
Great Sound. great sounding unit I ordered it thur amazon and they did great with shipping, I had the unit in storage as I was rebuilding my room When I 
JR. Had some problems installing it. Called tech support. With their help, I finally got it working. No other comments. Only had about a week  
Look No Further!!! Really!!!!!!!!!!!. I, like many other people that have written reviews here, researched the purchase of an MP3 player in great detail. Other members of my family own 
Good deal. The first one I ordered worked for about four days and then stopped recognizing the USB devices I was plugging into it. Although I had considered just getting 
Knock on wood, a real bargain and great performer. OK...I know...there are a few folks out there that have had bad experiences with the LaCie Porsche units. But....For the past 
SD256 flash card for Canon Video Camera. We needed an extra card right away and were happy that we paidfor the fastest, overnight delivery option. The card came in time, 
Works great as a nightlight too. Please don t tell Al Gore how much power this thing uses just to illuminate the fancy blue circles on the front of the 
Superb sound quality at a great price. I purchased this card for my custom-built Home Theater PC HTPC running Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 and it sounds absolutely superb. 
It was great. It was really great and the on off switch works good When We talk to our son we can leave it plugged in and just shut it 
BEST CONNECTOR I VE EVER USED!. This is a very solidly built banana connector. Loosen the screw in the back, place wires in the exposed gap at the end of 
This is the one... No matter wich review you read, wich forum you ask, wich top lists you see, this dvd player is always in. In some cases in the 
very good picture. the cable was easy to connect and once i turned on the PS2 i noticed a much crispier pictur  
Trigger Finger alowa you total control of your drums. Unlike the first reviewer my experience with Trigger Finer has been a good one. At first it took me awhile to 
This is what you want. This is not the most powerful system available. If you are looking for a stylish micro system, you should consider this one. The sound is 
Excellent Cable, a Little Short. I bought this cable to use with a Motorola Set Top Box and an HDTV. My set top box does not have HDMI so I 
I think it s a great deal!. I read the other reviews before ordering, and thought to myself, Heck, for right at 30, even if they are flimsy, it s 
Great Card, Simple Installation. This is a high-performance networking card that is extremely easy to install. Bear in mind that Windows does not have the driver needed to use the 
Best ever have... This EPSON product heve been The Best Ever Have ...By EPSON and I m happy with this one. Image just perfect for home use , and make 
Excellent. I appreciate these batteries. Now I can have charged batteries ready to go all the time  
Unbelievable noise cancelling headphones. I have wanted a pair of the Bose headphones for years but could not justify the 350 dollar price tag. I had tried the Sony 40 
Works well; Better OSD. The product worked right away when I plugged it in. The on screen display is functional but not the prettiest. It also doesn t show all 
Cheap & Good. These earphones are the best I ever had. I never had to try other pairs of earphone because I absolutely loved these that I keep buying it! 
Great Deal on Optical Cabling. These cables are a bargin -- work great and at a fraction of the cost. I just wish I would have ordered two extra cables 
Can t beat the price and quality. Great item! Must have! I got a fix from at least 6 satelites in under a minute. Extemely accurate even with only 4 
Happy that I bought this. I love it. Freedom to write electronically anywhere. I can even convert my hand-writing to text with other softwares if I need to. And I 
Nice, but not for audio books. This works well, but has a few minor issues. I thought audio quality was quite good. It s also fairly good at avoiding interference.However, 
These bad boys is pretty nice. I was a bit apprehensive buying these speakers. Bose products tend to be over priced, easily destroyed, and ugly. These seem to be an 
Very happy. I purchased this MP3 player to use while working in the yard and around the house. I love it and am considering upgrading. I find it very easy 
Super Wall Mount. I had very little trouble putting it up.... Make sure you use the right size drive bits to start the holes... I didn t and broke the 
Good Wheel. This wheel does the job. It s not super fancy but you still get the driving experience. Enjoy  
Works well. You can hook up two monitors to this, and if you already have a graphics card like me you can get a three-monitor system. The monitor connected to 
Sharp looking storage. I love to keep my CD s, though they are all stored on my hard drive, but all those cases filled three boxes, I have fit them 
It Works. I certainly wish it were smaller, but I guess that d be hard to manage while retaining the feel of a normal keypad. The unit works well and 
Just what I needed!. I ve been going through a phase lately where I m trying to organize the clutter around my house... I m just tired of the mess. 
Memory card 2 GB. Excellent all the way around. Great storage space avalable for my digital camera. Service provided by seller was also excellent. I would highly recommend both.  
Griffin I-Click. This remote works great. I use it on my motorcycle. The other remoteI had was very sporadic. This remote hasn t missed a click. Greatproduct  
Great Price...Great Product!!. Got my Kingston Digital Flash card expecting it to be ok...BUT, used it over the Easter weekend for the first time and it work better than I 
Beautiful Sound. Even after reading all the reviews on this product I was still amazed at the sound quality and loudness this little speaker set offers. Perfect for traveling, camping, 
Great Printer for the price!!!!!. I received this printer 2 days after my initial order...Amazon is just GREAT!!! This printer is a fabulous deal for the money. So many features, 
Good quality for the money. This is a great dvd player if you want to play divx movies or mpeg files burned from your computer onto a cd-r, dvd-r, dvd 
Almost perfect. This is the second Wacom tablet I own and the third tablet in general. The other wacom is the 9 x 12. Which, at the time, I thought 
good purchase!. Everything is so far so good, including the fast delivery. But I mainly use this machine to scan documents and books. On this, liDe 25 is not quick 
good quality product. No sense paying big bucks for this type of cable. The HDMI standard establishes the criteria for the cable. Remember this is a digital standard, so don 
It works. This product works well. You can change the base part in order to fit a variety of holders. Theres room to plug in an fm transmitter on the 
Caution. The Mini-Hub worked without a hitch, and seems robust. Just be sure the short cord is not a problem for you  
Does exactly what it it supposed to do. I ve been wanting a product like this for a very long time. Hotel rooms never seem to have enough outlets on 
Easy installation, sounds great, seamless with wall. The package includes a very useful template for installation and painting. I used a spray gun to paint the grill and the speakers 
SD on the go. This is a great product for those who need to transfer files from a digital camera without the hasle of software. Its easy and quick. I 
Cheap and no too bad. It is pretty cheap stuff. I did not expect excellent quality, however, in my speedlite 420, it works excellently, and supposed to provide more than 
Excellent batteries sniff . I bought these batteries last week for the original list price of 723,440. However, I also received 80 kilos of pure Columbian cocaine and a Ferrari, 
Things to consider if you re getting a 2GB card. I purchased the 2GB Elite Pro SD card but found out that my older SimpleTech FlashLink card reader is not 
Wow!. I bought this product for my Samsung SGH-D807 phone to store music files and pictures. It was reasonably inexpensive and I have been more than satisfied. My phone accidently 
Logitech Notebook Stand. Great product! Less expensive than docking stations, this stand brings the notebook screen up to eye-level relieving neck strain. It also features 3 USB ports and keyboard 
Pretty Good Book Thing. Sometimes I need to have a few books open at the same time, and still have clear desk space for note taking. I used to keep 
EXELENTE!!!!!!!. i already test a loot of mobo... asus, msi my last was k8n diamond , and others... but this board looks like no other, and realy works!!! for gamers 
Wish I d gone for mini-dvi to DVI. It works fine, but it gets really annoying when you re using it with a widescreen Mac and a widescreen TV. The 
Solid ink cartridge. I ve used these for years and, even though the newer cartridges are a bit better, this one still is reliable and it s good to see 
Good but horrible with Vista. I absolutely LOVE this product, however, don t try the networking with Vista, not unless you turn off Quick Indexing or just use the USB 
Great TV for the price. I searched far and wide and compared many tv s. It came down to the Panasonic Plasma TV vs. the Sony KDFE42A10. I went with 
VERY GOOD. PUT UNIT IN MY MODEL A FORD, LOVE IT. DOES EVERYTHING I NEED.  
Workable for what I need. I got the Nike Armband and the Nike sensor chip see: Nike Ipod Sport Kit this past Christmas and have run with it about 15 
awesome!. I bought a set of these speakers for myself, and then decided to get them for my daughter too. Grest sound, and good volumn for these little speakers. They 
Great little item for your flash. If you have a flash, this or a light sphere is almost a needed item to improve your creative range with your shots. Though, 
Works like a charm. I ve seen these online and they are expensive. This one works well and maintains privacy. It fits right over your screen and 3M provides these 
Excellent Small System for Small Space. I purchased this item for my kitchen as I love to listen to cd, cd-mp3, or my ipod while I cook and or clean. 
VN2100 Review. I bought this to replace a much bulkier cassette recorder to record mapping and other info while hiking the vast Hawaii Volcanoes Nat l Park. It has exceeded 
Very happy with Sony Bravia. Did a lot of research both on-line and in local stores, looked at Sharp Aquos, Philips and Samsung all 37 , due to space constraints 
Very well priced, sleek design, performs nicely. Noticed a slight quality improvement in cable HD channels, but no noticeable difference in audio quality.I bought this to get a decent spike 
For people who love Home Theatre. This product is for people who really care about their home theatre, it s not really for people who just want a way to 
Koss 147737 UR5 Sp Stereo Headphones Review. Good inexpensive headphones. Keep these on hand for times where additional headsets are needed or for replacements for existing running headsets. They have 
Geforce 7600GS 512MB AGP Review. The Card was easily physically installed. And the software easily installed. As for the video editing capability of this card I can t evaluate at 
You may not need to buy a FireWire cable. So far, an excdellent hard drive. But though Amazon specs say otherwise it it DOES come with a FireWire cable albeit 
Superior Sound. I have always considered myself a bit of an audiophile. I appreciate and enjoy quality sound reproduction in both my music and in my movies. The Bose Companion 
Great Product. Great reception, fantastic sound. The infrared capability means no hiss or other radio interference. This headset keeps peace at home. A bonus is the fantastic sound effects when 
Great Product, Awsome Price. I have used my new sub everyday since I got it It sounds great, and is very crisp and clean sounding. The price was great, it 
Great Sounding At A Great Price. I bought this, as I had nothing to play my cassettes on anymore. Sounds great, especially for under 100  
Great compact bag with plenty of pockets. I bought this bag for my 15 Dell, I also carry a lot of folders, chargers, wireless mouse, MP3 and junk in my 
Excellent Bang-for-your-buck. This television has outstanding picture quality considering it s price. You can t find a better value than this TV in this price range. My Xbox 360 looks 
Lucky. I was very lucky to find this AC Adapter, It had to be an original Dell Latitude and I could not find it any where else but Dell who 
Great product!. I bought this case because I wanted to keep my ipod and earplugs in my purse without the earplugs being tangled or my ipod screen being scratched. This 
Excellent product. Easy opening package. Plugged it into the TV and hooked it up to the iPod. Nothing showed on the screen. Read the directions and changed a setting on 
prompt and as advertised. I received this product quickly, even though it was during the holidays. The product arrived as advertised and perfectly packaged. I would definitely buy from this 
Sleek, Black, More Like Furniture Than A Monitor... Bought it for the appearance - sleek shiny piano black finish - and performance - high refresh rate, brightness, etc. Note: Bought 
Excellent product. This product is well made and really meets the need for wall mounting my flat panel Tv to a single stud  
Great Case for the Price. It is an amazing case. The pictures on this site do not do the case justice; it looks amazing and it is surprisingly durable. And 
Hands down the best memory card recorder to date. I tested this along side the SanDisk V-Mate, and there is no comparison. I have put a lot of video on 
A must have for Vision M owners. If you re buying a Zan Vision: M, you need this set. The process of charging through the USB cable that comes with 
This is a very good basic mouse. This rating is for the mouse itself. Having owned this mouse, I decided to get one for my eldely Aunt. Since stores no 
Mounted my 40 Sony - No Problem. If you re considering mounting your TV, and don t want to break the bank, I can recommend this one. I mounted our 
don t believe RedDog he is wrong !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. My is working good for over years now so Please buy one &amp; try them &amp; you will see that RedDog was 
iflybyeyou. I have 4 of these to use with my ipac and also my mp3 player which they are full of all my music and are interchangeable with both units 
Good outdoor speaker value for the money. My speakers are mounted outdoors about 30 feet from a salt water bay. They re subject to lots of moisture and wind, but 
Excellent Photo Quality But Cropping is Awkward. Picture sharpness is excellent, but some images print darker than they should. Cropping is my only real complaint. The controls are awkward and, 
Panasonic SH-FX60 Rear Wireless Upgrade Kit. This product works great, good sound, and easily hidden. The only draw back is that the back speakers still have to be connected together 
Great Value Good for Novice. This is the 1st scanner i have used since I was a young boy listening to my dad s old BearCat unit. I find it 
great product!!!!!!. i saved hundreds of dollars on all my scratched cd s by using this product!!  
Value. Excellent product... clear sound, crisp highs and mid range. Base in a little light, but not in a problematic way, only need to adjust equalizer. Best speakers I have 
Good protection, smaller than most. I have had this case for about a year and a half now and it has done it s job well. I have dropped it 
it is excellent. I have had another pioneer for a long time. That was great. I was leaning towards SONY or Yamaha model. But I got a good deal on 
Lexar PD-128-231 128 MB JumpDrive Portable USB Flash Drive. This is a fantastic product. I use it to store work on and my boss and I swap back and forth 
Great Garmin Portable Friction Mount. I was very skeptical if this friction mount would work because I read reviews saying that it flies off the dash.I have an X-5 and 
Kingston SD 2GBKR 2 GB SD Memory Card. This product is good. I haven t seen any issues with this so far...  
It is not bad for this price. It is nothing fancy and not the greatest quality, but it does the job. I think it is worth it for the price. 
WOW! great item. I bought this 2 years back and still it is in great shape. Recently i forgot compact flash in my shirt pocket and went for washing and 
A Solution That Works. I have been trying to find a way to easily carry a lot of camera equipment for quite some time. I have tried backpacks, shoulder bags, 
Use the right size ear bud attachment, and BAM... Amazing sound comes from these tiny inexpensive headphones. The different size buds are very comfortable and help produce the deep bass 
Last one 9 years no problems. Bought the same model again. The last one lasted 9 years on the same battery with no problems. Used for for everyday use and 
Very Satisfied. Product was just what I was looking for and at the right price. Could not have been happier with my purchase. I will look for this vendor again 
Great sounding speakers!. I was Impressed with the sound that these speakers produced in my small living room. At 100 120 RMS, these will run circles around any BOSE! Keep 
Dont pay too much for that cable. I picked up this hdmi cable after price shopping and review reading. I have bought other cables from cables to go and received 
Just the best. everything looks great with this monster...power power...i cant wait to overclok it a bit to squeeze it.  
Excellent speaker cables. I am a person who mainly listens to the overall music rather than spending time to pickout each and every instrument while listeing to a music album. 
Careful with your slot!. This is a PCMCIA card. New laptops e.g. Dell Inspiron E1705 have ExpressCard slots. This is a new standard but it is not compatible with PCMCIA 
Great Mouse- Perfect for Desktop PC or Laptop Use. I originally bought this mouse for my work laptop, thinking it was smaller than it actually is. It s smaller than 
great buy. i did some shopping around on consumer reports and such before i invested in a flat screen. this really is a great tv. the picture is beautiful, the 
Monster Quality. Run my PC to my Carver pre-amp. Does a great job without losing any sound along the way  
Works flawlessy. I ve had it for a month. It does what it should. No problems easy to set up. What I like is the tiny size compare to the 
Great Picture, Great Combo TV, Can t Channel Surf!. I love the picture this TV gives. Great deal for the money you pay. Unfortunately when you want to channel surf, 
Absolutely awesome!. We have owned this item for over a year and are still LOVING it! The sounds is great and it is so easy to use. We use it 
Nothin but love for the JBL ON STAGE II!. I LOVE LOVE LOVE my JBL ON STAGE II!!! Size shape is great! Sound is outstanding! What more do you want?! 
Western Digital 320GB Hard Drive. A great drive at a great price. Easy to install  
It s great having three. These Motorola telephones have good looks, sound quality and range. It s great having three phones placed around the house with only one main base. 
Outstanding Sound Quality--It s like getting new ears. After months and years of frustration with balky, expensive, poorly sounding sound cards from that creative company, I finally gave up and 
Outstanding Receiver. I purchased this item on March 15 from Amazon. We ve been using it for almost a month now. My wife and I have built our HT system 
as expected. the speakers are good quality and the Amazon service is great as usual. sony has always been tops for me.  
perfect for video ipod. no need to spend 60 dollars or more on the flashy monster apple cable just hook this fella up and away you g  
Good Guitar. Period. I receieved my guitar in the mail early and upon opening the package, I got a better guitar than I expected, especially for the price.I paid 90 
Works, but is bulkier than the Apple charger. This will charge your Ipod without any problem. However as a travel charger it is much larger than the Apple charger, and 
It s a good stuff!!. This Portable Friction Mount can stand on my dash and never fall down!Strongly recommend!  
Fantastic!. I love this thing! I ve been transferring files to it all day, and its just barely warm. Running a Maxtor hard drive in it and it fit great. 
Great reception for the outdoors!. The headphone antenna certainly works much better than the internal antenna of my Tao XM2Go, though if you re thinking you can enjoy listening to 
You better have the power for this unit to work right. I tryed to use this on an older p4 1500 megahz and had a few glitiches during the recording 
Very good. Stand-alone CD players not combimed with DVD players are rare nowadays, and this is one of the better ones, especially since it plays CD-Rs. A defect, unfortunately quite 
Easy to install and easy to use. Installs easily right out of the package, just plug it in your usb adapter and you re off and running. Feels very smooth 
Nice Price for the Mic. If you are starting off and want a descent mic without breaking the bank this mic gets the job done. Just make sure you power 
4-4-4-12 timing .. running great. Everything you expect good ram to be. Its fast, its fairly well priced,and its of upstanding quality.Vary good stuff if you plan to be using 
 249 - It s a Great Buy!. Not sure what some of the purchasers expected, but this is a fantastic navigation system for 249. Touch screen is great. We 
XM connect and play. This is the only unit that will work with 2ndary purchases, ie sony, pioneer, that are xm ready. Every place was sold out and I bought 
excellent, esp with new DVD player. Got this TV two weeks ago, and this past weekend installed a Sony DVPNS75H Single Disc Upscaling DVD Player i got for around 100 
Easy as shit. Great router! It was a snap to setup, install, and run! Highly recommend it. Linksys tech-support is great. A monkey can install this thing. Note: I didn 
iM716 ..........current bargain amongst iem s. This is not my first InEarMonitor purchase. Prior to the iM716, I have been using Etymotics er-6i both amped and unamped , which I 
Stylish and useful. i like this better than the i-p s and it works great,many features and long battery life, gets recharged from the usb connection on your computer.  
It is the best on the Market!!. I GOT THIS CABLE LAST WEEK TO CONNECT MY STEREO SPEAKES TO MY T.V., AND NOW WHEN I WATCH MOVIES THE SOUND IS 
Great Stand. I bought the stand for my 50 inch plasma on Jan 2 2007. The stand is made of high quality material. It looks sleek and neat. Had no 
Sound Great. These speakers are both stylish and sound great, a nice compliment to my first Mac computer  
GOOD UNIT, HOWEVER NO RESUME ON CD, REAR EARPHONES!. Just bought mine last week and just like many other consumers, I was searching for CD-MP3-AM-FM RADIO and remote.ADVANTAGES ARE:1 The 
Targus PA238U. The stand is a great height. It is now much easier to use my laptop - no neck strain and shoulder strain from having to sit and type 
Better then all the fancy mousepads - buy this. This is a great product at a great price. I bought four twenty dollar mouse pads before this, all the others 
Handy Gadget to Prevent Skipping. When my CDs started skipping I thought they has seen the last days of spinning, however this Disc Cleaner has solved all problems. You simply 
Worth the money!. I bought this to replace the standard wires that come with a PS2. The wires that come with a PS2 are not worth a buck! As soon 
400 GB External Hard Drive. prety good product no problems fast shipping and fast  
Great Transmitter Charger for the money. Bought this charger after reading several other reviews, so far I haven t had to switch preset channels at all, plays clear static free 
Beautiful picture and fantastic sound. I bought this set for my bedroom. I already own a Samsung 40 . There is no comparison between the two. The Toshiba has a 
KB Gear Jam Tablet- it s worth it. I bought this recently not knowing much about what was out on the market in terms of tablets, and I have some 
Works As Advertised With the Exception of the Speeds. This helps my network tremeendously in terms of speed. In other words,if you are supposed to get up to 8mbps, you 
Great tool to have around the house. I really like this label maker. I ve been using it to label ski equipment and various household items. I bought a roll 
happy with the purchse for the price. Nice sound, I will admitt for the price, I get big sound, with quality. Only thing is a humming, hissing sound when machine 
Loudness?. First of all, these are good speakers, nice design but it has one flaw.batteries...A. it eats them up ...FASTB. if you use batteries instead of the wall plug in 
Wish it Connected Directly. This SanDisk CF Type I II ImageMate USB 2.0 Reader Writer is a neat little device. I just pull the Compact Flash card out of my 
Easy to use, lightweight. This is my first portable mp3 player and it took me about an hour to go from taking it out the box to having music on 
A great buy to keep my shredder in tip-top shape!. I bought this together with my Fellowes shredder, and it has kept my shredder working in perfect condition. No complaints 
LOVE IT. Bought it for my wife and she loves it. It keeps track of where you were and restarts from there. The display is small no fancy menus like 
This does what it s supposed to do. This little microphone works well for me. I ve owned it since August and now it s November 3. I use it 
Does the job as promised. This is exactly what I was looking for: not too expensive, not much hassle with the cables - they are integrated with the unit, and 
Good product. The positives are: excellent sound quality and perfect reception when near transmitter.The negatives are: the headphones quickly become uncomfortable. I prefer earbuds after using these. The reception is 
Up and running in 5 minutes. I just had to unpack it and plug in the cables, then set it for a cable connection and that is it. Beautiful picture 
Well whuduhya expect for 25 bucks?. On first glance uppon opening this package, I was alarmed by how small they really were. Unlike lots of headphones, these seat on the 
Great Carry Case!. This is a great carry case for the Sony TX series. I just wish it wasn t that expensive...but this is a must if have you this 
Easy. Within about 12 seconds of opening the box I was listening to my IPOD on my home stereo. Wires are well made.There may be cheaper options that work as 
excellent little player. The more I use this player, the more I like it. I see at least a couple of reviews of unhappy users who have either unrealistic expectations 
Great Value Great Product. This Backpack has been the best invention ever..... since one is always taking care of their this on a trip or walking threw the city....And also 
Privacy filter is a must for managers. I use the privacy filter on both my laptop and my desktop screens and it is a great addition.I no longer have to 
Epson T048120 Black Ink Cartridge. This item arrived in good condition during the time frame promised. It is a quality product which works well in the computer printer. Thank you 
Right size. I was so glad to run across this product. I always have such trouble when I travel connecting all of my devices in hotel rooms. I can easy 
Very good, high-powered stereo receiver. The fad today is for multi-channel audio video receivers. But most people stiill listen to music with just two speakers and, consequently, only need a 
Outstanding bargain. I am using these speakers with a very low watt Sonic Impact T-Amp. The speakers respond wonderfully. With the T-Amp they fill a medium sized room with really 
Great phone... We purchased this because it expands up to 8 handsets, which is fantastic. Some people have had sound issues. We don t. It s very clear, no static 
Great as long as you don t live in California! . The funny thing about the MIC... there s a warning in the box that says it contains lead which 
Nice Ipod charger. I had no problems with this Ipod charger. It charges rapidly and quickly and it doesn t over charge. I carry it will me everywhere  
Works well-- what s not to like?. I purchased this unit after reading reviews of a close cousin to this recorder, its predecessor, which is apparently very picky about the 
Nice Cable - Works Great. After upgrading my computer s video to one of the high end card and upgrading my Monitor to a nice flat LCD Norcent , I 
Listening Enjoyment!. Great sound quality, got these to block out noisy co-worker, works wonderfully! Love the color and style, very comfortable  
Awesome!. Being a metalhead myself, I very much thought it might of overpowered the music the phones that is. I read very many reviews on these headphones, and thought it 
great radio. I initially bought a black one and loved it soo much that I went and bought a white one. I have it hooked up by aux port to 
good, but a little pricey. The tape was good but it was around 10 dollars and some places sold it for 8  
Pleased. I like the solid feeling and the positive action of the stick. The twist is a little on the stiff side but not unmanagable. The twelve buttons are nice 
Works Great on Vista. I bought this to watch and record tv on my laptop. I had a hard time finding the correct download for Vista OS but their TS 
Does what it says. IT s a USB hub. All I ask is that it works. It does.  
Volume is too high. I really enjoy this product. I bought it because of the great reviews. The worst thing I can say about this is the volume you set 
GREAT plug-n-play product. This KVM works exactly as described. I was a little concerned when I read the online manual because it says that the Mouse and KB USB ports 
You can even bring this to the library. Forget about photocopies forever! This baby is small, thin enough to fit in a backpack and bring it with your laptop to 
Great bag, very few faults. I bought this bag for my widescreen HP notebook and it fits perfectly. There is plenty of room for the computer, the cord in the 
Wacom Intuos3 9X12 USB Tablet. This is an awesome tablet! It has great pressure sensitivity and the pen allows for fantastic freehand drawing in programs like illustrator, photoshop and painter. 
Great TV for the Money !!!. I purchased this TV for our bedroom and also to use as a PC monitor. It blows away my current PC monitor. Great for 
DEPENDABLE DVD. When I first got my Sony dvd burner I had numerous failure with burns. I tried several different brands of blanks with the same problem, big stacks of 
Hearing a pleasure. The earphones are giving a fantastic reproduction of classical and modern music, block out entirely the ambient sound particularly useful for me as a frequent flyer , 
Even I could use this product correctly. I m anything but handy. This product was very easy to install--clear, concise directions in English, good pictograms and a sturdy, quality product. 
Great system, but requires an investment. The Nike iPod system works great and without a hitch, but to join the club, you need a 150 iPod nano, this kit, and 
Great drive, flawless for several months of use!!. If have the 40gb unit and work just fine, then I upgrade to the 100gb, even better, more space and flawless. Fast 
Best Radio Value. My bedside radio requirements were: Front firing speaker, AM and FM external antenna inputs, aux input. This radio pulls in my regular stations without have to rotate 
Worth the Money...MINOR drawbacks. I have owned this system since March...the sound is wonderful...definetly a great value for the money...the bass could be just a little stronger and the rear 
Port Computer Case. This is my 2nd Port product and I have been impressed with both  
Great Product and good buy. I purchased thisTV in January 2007. It replaced a 20 year old 27 SONY . Boy, have I come into the modern TV age with 
Good enough for the money. It does everything I expected to do. Easy manual and set up. Great sound. I am keeping it  
Good buy. Ive had this fridge for about 3 yrs now- i got this when i was 17 or 18 and it still works great and is worth the money. 
Built like a tank and works flawlessly. I ve had this drive for 9 months now and it s still working just like the first day. I put it in 
surprising good. I have a pair of v-moda bass buds - and they are awesome, although a bit expensive... but the skullcandy buds come a close second - and I 
Quite good. Good sound and relative comfortable for in-ear headphones. The great advantage of these headphones is that they are very well made and you actually have to try to 
Price is unbeatable. I own a Sony MiniDV Handycam. I was having a difficult time capturing video footage with a USB cable. The image was so pixelated - even in 
Older kid. The walkman is easy to use with enough memory for my meager uses. The sound is excellent, but I use an older set of Sony head phones rather 
No issues. Using this digital cable between a Vista PC and NEC monitor. No issues  
Great product!. After going through at least 4 CD player boom boxes for my daughter including 2 of the Fisher Price Tough ones, the Mickey Mouse one, and the Barbie 
I gotta say... wow!. I have owned a pair of Etymotic ER6is and a pair of Shure s E2s, which are both very good quality earbuds, but I have to 
Great deal. I was so unsure about buying a tv card, but ireally wanted one, so i was researching them for a few months and finally got the courage to 
Sounds good, great value. This JBL 12 subwoofer is a fine product, and a great value when purchased through Amazon. The price was about 40 lower compared to what they 
Great quality. I just received this for Christmas and so far I am impressed. The case feels very sturdy with easy access to all the side buttons and expansion ports 
Pleased with the purchase. I bought this for my 15 year old grandson, as a Christmas gift, and he has been pleased with it. I have not used it, but 
Works great but expensive. I recommend this product. Does the job but one can of course get away with a cheap adapter. I like it uncluttered though like this  
Top marks for the Pantone Eye-One Display2. I read many reviews before deciding which product to purchase for monitor calibration.Before starting the calibration process I checked for product updates and 
May be just what you re looking for. These earphones are cute and worth the money for:1. Replacements for iPod earphones2. Back-up earphones3. Cute earphones = They tangle easily but 
A Great Training Device for Bikers. I think the last reviewer said it best. Garmin set out to make a bike computer that blows away the competition. And they succeeded. 
Just what we wanted. My brother and I were looking to replace our mother s broken CD player. We wanted something that looked and sounded good and that was also 
Dymo Label Printer a huge help. I love this product. It is easy to use and very flexible with regard to what you can do with it  
THESE WIRELESS SPEAKERS ARE GREAT FOR MY ELDERLY MOM!!!. Purchased these speakers for my 88-year old mother so she wouldn t disturb her neighbors with the volume up so loud 
User friendly, works great. I bought this presenter right before a big presentation, and without opening the manual was able to use it. I used it on a MAC, and 
Excellent R G B Cables. The Monster Cable THX V100 CV-8 Component Video Cables are excellent connectors for DVD to Component inputs on HD and RGB Red, Green, Blue component 
Logitech does a superb job with the Harmony 880. I was a bit skeptical about this purchase, although I previously owned one of the first Harmony remotes in pre-Logitech days 
Comfortable. This earphone is very comfortable. I had to get one because my cat chewed up my original earphone that came with my MP3 player. But I m glad I 
Not sure if it s worth the money? Read on. If you re like me, you are probably wondering if these little cables are actually worth the money. I was 
Antec Sonata II. Great sturdy case. Well thought out design. Quiet. I call it my black Ferrari! The fantastic reviews of this product online say it all!the con: power supply 
Dog loved it.... These are great in ear buds that have some noise canceling properties. They are great to use out doors when doing chores around the house. In fact 
Awesome for running. I bought these in hopes of better head phones while running because my ear buds just wouldn t stick in my big ears, they are nice and 
UFO-Shaped Bounary Mike a hit with me. I have been happy with the ATR97 for years. It captures voice very well. It is compact, and unobtrusive.The one weakness is that 
WOW, THIS IS UNBELIEVEABLE.... All what I can say is WOW, I have a P4 3.2 Prescott which is known to be an extremely hot processor, now with this beast 
TE SACAN DEL APURO. NORMALMENTE COMPRO DISCOS MEMOREX, LOS COMPRE YA QUE TENIAN BUEN PRECIO, AUNQUE NO ERA LA PRIMERA VEZ QUE LO HACIA.TODOS SE QUEMARON SATISFACTORIAMENTE, LAS VELOCIDADES PARA 
Excellent option to avoid camera cables. I bought this reader because I wanted to avoid having my camera and all its cable attached to my pc to download the pictures; 
Review of Sony WM-FX197 Walkman. I ve had this product for about a month, and I m very pleased with it. I work in a store and I thought that 
Works Great : . I use this on my MacBook. Works flawlessly to hookup a TV via svideo. OSX handles this supremely well by remembering any video settings that I 
Nice, basic phone for the price. I use this phone in my office and I don t have a lot of desk space, so the slim design works out well, 
perfect addition to myfi. This headset is perfect. good sound and surprisingly good antenae reception. makes portable MyFi a delight to hav  
3D Mapsend Topo Software. Works great on the Explorist 400. Has most of the new hairline roads so I can navigate myself while driving. Works well to see the elevation 
Nice controller but compatibility issues. I bought two of these, actually, for two different Macs in an attempt to run Zuma with them. They re really nice controllers, they feel 
Can t live without it.... I just love this little MP3 player. I have about 300 songs on it and still have 4MB left. I don t think I ll 
its great. the headset has a great sound for any use, either if its for gaming, chatting, or listening to music, the sound is excellent, i would recommend this product 
Read the fine print... ...they re out of stock until April 1st. Curses! Now I ll have to buy the cheapo 600,000 grocery-store-brand batteries  
You need this if you value your data!. I did some research on CDs and DVDs for my job, and I discovered that your average commercial-quality CD or DVD will 
If you really need floppy discs. Occasionally I just have to use them, but Macs no longer come with a floppy disc drive This fits the bill and requires no 
Great help!. Lets me know when my tires need air just by the color. Very useful for a busy mom of two  
Works great. Better than the gold plated RCA cables from Radio Shack. What more can you ask for? I see no reason not to recommend them highly  
Good fan. My original case fan was incredibly loud. It doesn t pay to go too cheap on the case fans. I m not a modder and don t spend 
Printer Cartridge. I have used the H P 15 & 23 for my Deskjet 812C for several years, The quality has always been goo  
thanks love it booya. thanks for buying me this i really appreciate this i expect that this guitar would be like a toy but I m wrong it is so 
Work even with very old Philips. I had been having trouble with multiple uses of my Memorex DA RW, but these work great, even with a 5 year old unit. 
Works perfectly. After reading the pair of doesn t work reviews from the same person, I decided to try it anyway, figuring that Amazon would do an easy refund if 
Very nice speakers. I read all of reviews and bought the item prior to the March 5th posting. And, based on those reviews, agree these are very good speakers for 
Great Phone. I was a bit skeptical to purchase this phone based on the negative reviews. I am however liking it a whole lot. The menu is easy to navigate, 
Fuji 1GB xD Picture card. This card seems to give the same excellent photos as my other Fuji cards. Love the huge number of photos I can take. Very handy 
Easy to use but one minor complaint. I found the docking station to be very easy to use. It s great for recording TV or movies onto your player to 
As good as it gets!. I brought this produce from Amazon and will keep going for this till I get hooked on to Blue-ray at some point in time... This 
Fantastic quality and price!. These headphones are a great bargain for the size and sound quality. I take these to the gym every day and they easily collapse to fit 
This is not a color printer yet they don t say it in their marketing and advertise it as a full-function all-in-one. This machine works great except the fact it 
Good reader. No problem with it... A little bit expensive but I had no problems with it... ;  
HD ant. TV. It is good than I am expected.Save money for me over satalite disk or cable TV . My TV now can get most of the local chanel 
Garmin C340 Charger. Received charger in 3 days. It was a Factory Fresh Garmin Unit. No Instructions included , but it worked fine. It is something that you really need 
Perfect. The mount fit my Flat Panel perfectly and also included lots of mounting accessories to fit any type of screen. As for the mount itself it was extremely sturdy. 
2-pack costs slightly more, but shipping is free. The 2-pack is currently 1.84 more than buying 2 cartridges separately, but free shipping is offered only on the 2-pack.I am satisfied 
Printer Compatible to Windows XP X64 Edition. One of the few rare and cheap printers that has support for Windows XP X64 Edition, as well as VistaThe printer works well 
an excellent product. Although I give this product two thumbs up. For those of us with parkinson s like tremors I d say be prepared for a little difficulty at 
Excellent scans, a tad too slow. I used this scanner for about 150 frames of 35mm and 6 or so slides. The scan times are a bit too long, but, 
great mouse. I got this mouse a few months ago and it works great. It is a good size and shape. The battery life also is good. I would definately 
Canopus ADVC110. I got it to archive DVR d material. Next I m gonna try and use it to get all my audio cassettes and LP s into my MP3 
SONY displays rock this planet. Whether you have a VIAO notebook, or a SONY plasma TV or a flat panel, or even a CRT, SONY offers one of the most 
works great!. Works great for me. Set it up in minutes. I hookedup my home desktop, and my work laptop via docking station.The only thing I do not like about 
Don t leave home without it!!. I ve had this unit for about 6 mo. and I m extreemly pleased, well worth the 550 I paid on Amazon. I ve 
Does the job for casual performance. I bought this mic because I wanted to make a homemade karaoke system. A mic, music devocalizer, and nice speakers does the trick. I 
Excellent product. I ve owned this item for almost a full year and I am extremely pleased with it. It s so nice being able to carry around my laptop 
Flawless installation; excellent performance. I ll admit after reading some of these reviews I was a little weary of purchasing this unit, but I got it for 32, so couldn 
Networking made easy!. This product is so excellent that I now own 3 of them and am heartily recommending them to all my friends who are networking-challenged. I have one 
good deal. these batteries are as good as any and well priced to  
Very good but it has little problems. I got this card last month and I ve been using it heavily. Its been great. Its sturdy and can has great range. 
it s great, but has one small problem. It works great! I really like it. There is one small problem though. The lid is REALLY hard to take off! I 
iPoddish. My wife opened this from the package for me and the first thing she said is how iPoddish it seemed for a radio. Strapless, you must pocket this when 
Excellent Price 50 And easy to use. I loved the price on this one. Also, having the USB Cord come out of it helps this drive to fit in any 
It definitely works... and its cheap. Look, for a bargain-basement product, what do you expect? First, you expect it to work, and I can confirm it definitely does work.When plugged 
All one needs. I have purchased this DVD player to replace an older version of Sony DVD player that started to have problems playing DVDs especially the scratched ones . 
Really good product but not an IPOD. Great machine, the battery life of 12 hours is BS....it will last 12 hours if you have maybe 12 songs on it....if you 
Looking good so far... I really like this tv so far. It is really good when higher def. shows are being played and quite awesome when watching a DVD. In 
good ink on ink. Better packaging, cheaper than buying separately, HP- quality, and delivery in just a few days... anything better than that  
Excellent mount. Easy to install 100 compatible. Much more convinient then the one that came with GPS  
I LIKE, YES i DO!. OK, THIS IS IT IN MY OPINION: I WAS HESITANT TO BUY AS I AM GETTING VISTA PREMIUM SOON, COMPATABILITY ISSUES , CHECKED IT OUT 
Mustek pl607 portable dvd player. This has a nice size screen. It only has 3 buttons.Play pause and stop so if you like a dvd player without alot of pizazz 
Awesome Speakers. I purchased these speakers in order to be able to have some music on an upcoming vacation, and boy was I happy. the speakers fold up into a 
Always a need for a cassette player!. In spite of my computerized life, I still needed this cassette player for language learning tapes, my old favorite cassettes, especially those of 
Better then I expected. I had to replace the stock earphones that shipped with my Creative ZEN Vision M. After alot of looking around I found the Aurvana ZEN earphones 
A great receiver. I recently assembled my first stereo component system having had mostly single piece stereos for the last 35 years . I thought I might find suggested systems 
HP C6180 All-in-One. So far, I find this to be a very user friendly product. Having the small monitor screen on the unit makes it easy to operate and the 
Casio Fx-115ms plus. great calculator, integrates, derives, solves, only problem is figuring out how to do this. But best calculator for the Fundamentals of Engineering Test  
All the memory you need but SanDisk is cheaper. This product works well enough and has an extensive amount of memory. It is more than enough unless you take an 
sony shortwave radio. got a great price from amazon on this feature-packed little radio.. did my research, this is my first swl radio in about 20 years...It s just taking 
RF Extender Works and Can Save You Money. I really like this RF Extender. I ve used it on the H890 remote as well as the new H1000 remote. All 
Great Card. The card is great, solid perfomer better than the ASUS counterpart as it is more stable. The only problem I had was with the CD that came with 
100 perfect burns & durable. I got 20 of 20 perfect burns using these disks and Toast 7 on a G4 Powerbook with a SuperDrive. I was cautious and only 
Magnificent!!!. Must say that the item was better than I expected. Thanks to the seller and will buy again!!!  
It s Cheap And It Works. I was looking for a wireless card for an old IBM ThinkPad 390X running Windows 98SE. I considered the Linksys, a Belkin and a 
My early experiences. I bought the pen scanner because I have an application that requires scanning a lot of plain text to my PC. I am a two-finger typist so 
Epson Printer C64 Inkjet Cartridge. Epson maintains a high quality ink and cartridge design. The inks don t fade or clog up the printer nozzles. I caution those that use 
Great Choice. I did a good deal of research before I chose this mount. I was not disappointed! With help from my 11 year old son, we had no problem 
Big & Fast!. Perhaps the ultimate addition to a good camera. I used my camera with a SanDisk Pro Duo the blue one... and while most times it was fine, 
JUST LOVE IT. I love my Street Pilot 2720. I work in Law Enforcement. The cruiser that is assigned to me don t have much. Instead of using the bean 
Perfect. This is the first DVD recorder I purchased. I used the quick set up guide and I was off to the races. The quality of my recordings are crisp 
Works great with all my devices. My remote went out on my Series one Sony SVR-2000 Tivo box and a replacement remote was 99 new and 78 used. Forget that. 
Unbeatable Size and Performance for &lt; 150. I have, and have had, lots of SW radios including a number of Sonys. This is one of their many gems. Great perfomance, 
Mintek portable DVD player. This DVD player is workaholic.The resone I gave it 4 stars, because after long use the hing for the screen brook off  
Not bad at all. I purchased this keypad for the purpose of gaming and performing live electronic music, not data entry.It just arrived today, I opened the box, plugged it 
Why I still like this PDA. I bought this model in 2001 and still use it every day. It is reliable and has lots of software built in. I ve 
Great for cameras. I bought this for my digital camera because my other batteries didn t last very long. These work great and last for a long time.  
Good, but.... It seems to run well and cool, no doubt because of its well thought out packaging. Seagate has a reputation of producing good drives.I bought this as a 
What is all the fuss about??. I almost didn t purchase this CD player because of all the bad reviews it had been getting, but I decided to go for 
Worked as expected -- pleased with purchase. The Reader worked as advertised. I m very pleased with the purchase..  
You get what you pay for !!!. Set-up is easy and comes with a LOT of great software!! For under 10 when I bought it it is WELL worth the 
The Best Hard drive for the buck. I have used These Seagate Drives for almost 2 years now. They work nicely for editing movies, and I like the combo Firewire 
Effective Inkjet cartridge. I bought many inkjet cartridges for my printer. I ve recently had some that leaked. But the cartridges I bought are effective in my printer, the cartridge 
FujiFilm xD picture card. This Fujifilm 256 MB xD picture card,type M is small and compact.This card works very well.With my puticular camera it holds 129 pictures in the cameras 
This Product Does Work. I had a rare DVD disc that had developed a tangle of faint cracks, making later tracks unplayable.I used the advice given in an earlier review 
there it is. The price was right, it arrived on time, it works in my mp3 player, all good! I should buy another one  
Came quick, and priced right. How much packaging and instruction do you really need for a microSD card? It came quickly, safely packaged in a plastic clamshell, without a lot 
The Samsung 214T is an Outstanding LCD Monitor. Like one of the earlier reviewers, this is my first LCD monitor and I couldn t be more pleased. My old monitor 
Pricey, but for a Good Reason. This is a great card to use for your 8 megapixel digital camera. I have the OLYMPUS C8080, and at the highest-quality camera settings, 
As expected. It comes in the retail packaging and a little clear plastic case which holds both the card and the regular SD adapter. I got it for my LG 
...some advice for the backplate during installation. This is a very, very good cooler. I run ~15 degrees celsius cooler, under load, versus the stock AMD hsf combo.Measure the dimensions 
best review for a piece of luggage!. I have a large laptop Toshiba qosimo and had no luck locally to find a case to carry it in. The description of 
Great Value!. Everything you need to go on the road with your iPod. Car Charger, headphone splitter, cassette adaptor I m not convinced that the FM Transmitters are very good 
3 weeks into this bag. Bag is holding up great vs commuting on buses, by car and also being used for a tote while volunteering as a naturalist at the 
USB wireless adapter with external antenna. This adapter was purchased to provide an external antenna connection. for my notebook computer. It performs as advertised. I connect a Cantenna, high gain 
It s a Sony. I have had no problems with this unit or software that was bundled with it. Plug-n-Play, yes it was!  
Great Product. The 7200 system is great, very easy to use, a breeze to set uo, both software wise, and physically in the car. Day to day operations are also 
Perfect TV. The ordering, the shipping and the TV itself was a nice experience. I ve had the TV for over a month now and it has been a nice 
Great Fan. I liked the looks of this fan, read the other reviews and decided to try it. The fan is not noisy at all which is what I wanted 
easy to install and no problems. Just installed one on my Dell 4100 running ME. The driver installation process was the shortest that I have encountered. It was just a 
Great item!. This docking station is small, light, and terrific...has many ports and sits behind the notebook, not under it...Was able to plug in my old HP 5M laser printer! 
Excelente antena wireless. Comprela con confianza que es un excelente producto. Yo he comprado varias para mi uso personal y para varios de mis amigos. Los cuales han quedado satisfechos 
Retro Charm, Sturdy, Fully Functional. if you re looking for an old fashioned phone without the dialing action, this one fills the bill. great sound quality, nice weight, good button 
Niccccceee. this thing is nice, i would have gave it 5 stars but when i received it, it had a scratch on it, but i was too lazy to return 
Good media, questionable customer service by seller. The DVD R media is the best for data archiving and error correction and Taiyo Yuden makes the best media so does that 
good program can be improved. I have used Microsoft streets and trip, and then I bought this program. In some respect it is better and in other respects it is 
Thinking of Buying Another One!. I d been using an older model Panasonic Velcroed to my treadmill. It had served the purpose for a while but, as I d inherited 
