Great sturdy USB key ruined by U3. This is a great sturdy little USB key.Smooth edges will not scuff against clothes or anything else in your pocket.Handy keychain loop spaces 
didn t work for dell 700m. I bought one of these modules for my dell 700m. Installed it easily but once every few days my system crashes or I get 
Acronis Disk Director 10.0. Works great for partitioning a hard drive but when it comes to adding another operating system. I ve been pulling out my hair. The directions are 
If you like choppy. The quality of the recording was very bad. Little squares showed up all the time and in dramatic scene changes the whole screen was transitioning little 
Nice style, poor function. I love the way this product looked. It was slim and sexy. The reality was that it was a battery hog, the media pad was basically 
Didn t work at all. Maybe mine was broken, but I don t think so because I could see a red light at all the cable ends. I connected the 
Boo for the SC101. As a computer dork, I wanted to get a little storage device for my home network. 5 hours after I began the 10 minute process of 
Memorex Forget it Dysfunctional Software. Reads as Audio file from a fresh disk. Windows Media Pops up when disk is first inserted. Huh?Mis reads memory states disk has 1.99 GB 
An expensive disaster. I replaced 4 Novi units which had slowly failed over many years of use with 4 Reporters. Attracted by the true wirless nature of the reporter, I 
Not worth it. As the title, it not worth the money at all even at such a low price. The picture quality is bad, very bad. I d rather spend 
Not a quality item. This item worked for a while, but required fiddling unplugging and replugging repeatedly with the lighter socket each time I restarted my car. Eventually, however, it 
Sound is disappointing. I bought this product to use in my small office knowing that with the size of the speakers the sound would not be suitable for loud playing 
P.O.S. I know that everyone else seems to love this, so perhaps my complaint is more about Apple in general. My Ipod Mini pink is a lemon. The battery has 
COBY lacks integrity. The cd payer is made of what feels like a cheap plastic.The cassette adapter was broken after 10 seconds of use. So I called Coby. They said 
Tuner had major problems. I bought this slick looker for the desk in my office. I had a beat up 20 yo digital clock radio that had poor sound.However its 
Poor usb performance. Buggy DVI switching. While it appears I finally have this switch mostly working, I have to say I m very dissapointed in it s performance. IOGear s 
Did not fit product advertised. This did not fit my Second generation ipod as advertised and I did not get any response about returning it, and of course I had 
Buy the Gamelink 400 instead. By purchasing this cable set, you are limiting your options. You now must use your A V receiver for sound whenever you play a game 
2.0 gb??? what are they talking about?. I started adding files to this card to use in my phone, but it has never shown more than 1 gb capacity even 
didn t work. so i buy my parents this brand new Canon mini-dvd camcorder for Christmas and look for some mini-dvds on amazon for them to record on. i figure, 
Awful Product. I picked one of these up from the Apple store and used it that day. Not only does the product not broadcast well I had to hold it 
DO NOT BUY!!!!. These speakers crackle horribly!!! I sent them back & had new ones sent to me 3 TIMES, and they were ALL like that!!! It is a cool 
2 Way Radio NOT up to 17 mile range. We bought these units specifically to take on a cruise ship. There was not one minute on any of the many 
Bad Reviews But I Bought It Anyway. I read all the review I could find on this product and most were bad. A few recent ones were better. The first 
Not the Best MP3 Player in the World. I went to Circuit City with my dad to buy this MP3 player after my older sister recieved one for Christmas. When 
Noise maker. One month in the wall and sounds like a expresso machine. My car s engine sounds better. Don t waste your money. I called Sharp and they say 
Adapter, but no cable. Note that this product includes only the AC adapter but no additonal cabling to attach to the Zune. So if you were thinking about having one 
not worth the money. It made little notable difference or improvement.I would not recommend this product for small scratches and it only makes minor improvements to anything more serious.  
These tape cassettes get eaten by the labeller. I have had so many of these cassettes get eaten by the labelmaker that I will not use this machine or these 
TV OK, SERVICE FROM AMAZON BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!. Buyer be ware if you have a problem with delivery or the TV you will be left on your own to sort it 
Don t waste your money!. We purchased this shredder a few months ago for use around the house. With all those unsolicited credit card offers you can never be too 
Destroyed my CD--I wanna give this product minus 5 stars. Before the repair process there was one bad track on my CD. After the repair process the entire disk was 
The APC damaged equipment warrantee is worthless..... I don t own this specific APC product, but I do own other APC products.My home was hit by lightning on July 2, 
RIP-OFF: Doesn t advertise that you need an AC adaptor. I would like to believe that this hub works well- but I wouldn t know. I bought it to reduce 
This is junk and it doesn t last 9 months. I got this for Christmas last year. I hardly use the thing and when I have I have been very 
Out of service for 2 months. I bought this Samsung model in September because of the superior picture and excellent glare reduction. It went black the day before the Super 
Short and broken. The retractable mechanism works well and the cable is compact, but this cable is pretty much useless as a travel CAT5 cable.First of all it s too 
Disappointed. This cartridge does NOT fit my HP 648c as advertised. The color cartridge that accompanied it did, however  
There are better KVM solutions. Besides the fact you have to buy the cables separately as others have mentioned, Belkin support is horrible. The automated system consistenly disconnects the call, 
Died after one year- fuser problem. Machine started making loud grinding noises when started or while printing. Showed it to a repair shop, says the fuser is a toast. Replacement 
Disappointed, but keeping it. I am a bit disappointed with this DVD player. I had a Pioneer DV-C505 standard DVD player not progressive . I recently purchased a 42 LCD 
Not for everyone. Must have firewire AC wall charger and or six-pin firewire on computer to charge this unit. I have neither.Also found 30g vidpod didn t fit properly in 
Decks don t like it. I ve tried this tape on three different makes of VHS decks, and they all reject it. Check your manual about cleaning before purchasing a 
Far too overpriced for this length!! You shouldn t spend more than 10. Much like the previous reviewer I urge you not to spend lots of money on HDMI cables. 
Battery life isn t all that. The old phone I had was heavy, and the battery life was horrible. You have to put this phone on the charger every night 
Simply does not work. I purchased this card, installed it on a Jetway VT266 motherboard with Windows XP installed. This ruined my installation of Windows XP, and I had to 
Satisfactory but too slow. This DVR works ok. But when it is recording, forget about changing channels. It is really really slow and takes like forever to even receive any 
I wish we could give zero stars... I hooked this thing up to my dell 1705 laptop tonight so I could use my nice old keyboard on it. It never 
Piece of junk. Made very cheaply. The slider won t even hold the batteries in with a good enough contact to charge the batteries once. I tried every available slot 
Extremely disappointed. This is all looks and no sound quality at all. Bass is terrible. I wouldn t waste my money on this again. I listen to hard rock mostly 
Blue Nav Program is a Rip Off. I own a Magellan Meridian Marine unit. Just found out that you can only get 1 access code per program. I purchased 2 
Fuji CD-R FVD Slim Jewel Cas. Product arrived damaged. Company ANTOnline was unwilling to exchange for new item. Would never buy from them again  
Nice, small, but EXTREMELY fragile. I own the 2GB version of this drive. It is tiny, but still fits nicely into a USB port, but I have noticed a serious 
Amazon Needs Packing Lessons. What can you say about CD cases? These would be adequate....if they hadn t arrived damaged. Whoever does the packing for Amazon should learn that a 
I bought 3 for kids presents and have had to return 2!. Two of the three have already broken, and my kids don t play rough with them. I returned 
Disappointing. I just received it today, and will be returning it tomorrow. Here s what I found:1 On my unit, switching channels, pausing a program, or switching unputs caused my 
What a piece of junk!. I was tempted by the low price of this item. The only reviewer before me gave it a 5-star rating. Although aware of the unreliability 
Do Not Stay In Your Ears. When these headphones sit properly in your ears they need to be pressed into the ear , they sound awesome. My problem is I 
do not buy this brand. Sent item back to the company and got a rejected mail saying, COMPANY OUT OF BUSINESS, RETURN TO SENDER . The company address on the 
Horrible Customer Service. The service from this vendor is horrible. My account was charged in May of this year and as of 6 26 06 have not received anything. First 
Arrived in Pieces. They would be very wonderful jewel cases except they must be very flimsy because more than half of them arrived broken  
Great product! For two days!. When this adapter first arrived, I thought it was great. The sound quality was excellent, and free of all the distortion and interference I get 
Good for carrying iPod if you don t plan to use it. It probably would hold the iPod pretty well, but I returned it before giving it a fair trial 
Does not work. Sony Disc player does not work. It won t recognize disc in player.Currently trying to get it serviced under warranty  
Lasted less than a year... Then simply stopped working. After some additional research LaCie has a reputation for unreliable drives which I knew ahead of time having bought LaCie drive 
Company Sucks!. II bought one of these devices so I could record guitar through my computer. I set it up according to the instructions but get no sound out. The 
irritating. I have a Mac.I need an external hard drive where I can just drag my files on to the hard drive s icon, eject the icon, and be on 
Windows, step down. This OS is worse. More bugs than a jungle. I am incredibly upset with my purchase of the Archos 604. Out of the box, this pseudo-entertainment center 
DO NOT BUY!!. This is the worst networking product ever! Constantly crashed and VPN does not work. How could they get away with selling this POS  
Apple IR Remote for iPod Video 5th Gen . The deficiencies of this Remote with the new iPod Video 5th Gen are serious. In order to use this Remote you 
Usually like Panasonic... but not this one. Bought this phone a few months ago to replace old cordless Panasonic 2.4 GHz that died. This is probably the worst phone I 
cheap paper. The manufacturer added little tabs because these labels are so thin that they tear when you try to remove them from the backing. The tabs don t help 
SanDisk SDDR-103 MobileMate - good luck. The reader didn t read my 2G MiniSD. I have another reader that does so I dumped the MobileMate and took the lost  
Not what it s cracked up to be. I bought this so I could print wireless from my laptop, it didn t work. I called Hp tech support and after 
Don t Buy if near US Canada Border. This GPS comes with US map on the SD card and Canada map on the included CD but never the twain shall 
BOSE 3-2-1 GS System. This is a great system. The sounds is amazing, the setup is easy and the configuration of the system with it s 2 small but powerful 
Nice features but very unreliable. I bought this phone for the great features and because I ve had good luck with other Motorola products. The phones and answering machine are 
Doesn t include everything... This is just a mounting kit... It needs a 3rd party cell phone mount to actually attach to your motorcycle. Very disappointed that I have to 
disappointing. Bought the DRX-830U to replace an internal LG burner that gave out after about 6 months of fairly regular use. Have previously had an IOMagic internal that gave out 
Got screwed!!!. This is clearly labeled a half height product. I bought it for a gift and was embarassed when it turned out to be a full height burner  
It s a No Show for 30 days. Well, I can t give an honest review of this product because I haven t yet received it. I ordered it on 
Piece of Garbage. I m very surprise as to how poorly this prodcut was made. Picture quality is horrible, especially when it s an upconvert player to 1080. When I 
Teleporting and dissapearing mouse curser... Well, I read the reviews for this mouse, and since it had mostly 5 star raitings, I decided to buy it.I just recieved it today 
Sent me the wrong cable!! Don t buy from this company!!. I was not sent a firewire cable as was advertised. They sent me a useless USB cable. When I 
it doesn t work. I bought an ipod nano gen 2 microblaster for my 13-year-old daughter s Christmas present. When it came, it didn t work. I sent it back 
Really bad idea. I just lost my synch adapter and it is on back order everywhere. Unfortunately this is necessary to connect to computer and to charge the player. Earliest 
Found A Way To Fix This Phone!. I read most of the reviews of this phone and agree with them. I would never buy another GE phone. In fact, I 
Nice phone, but battery died. Nice basic phone. I ve used it happily for two years, until the battery died. What s the deal with the batteries on new cordless 
These sound terrible. Bottom of the list in independent tests. Consumer Reports placed these at the bottom of the list of one of their recent center channel speaker comparisons, and 
wrong product sent. I did not receive the correct product that I ordered. I informed the seller and he stated that I would need to resell on ebay myself. Very 
If you have wireless internet do NOT get this phone!. I guess I m one of the few people who didn t already know this, but if you use wireless 
Purchase something else. The first one I received was defective. That can happen with anything manufactured. The replacement very fast, Thanks Amazon was not a problem getting it to work, 
Worked great for a couple of days.... I was so excited about how great this product worked when I got it. I had purchased the FM transmitter for my wife 
Sony DVD R 16X are junk!!!. Recently bought a spindle of a 50 pack of Sony DVD R and all had errors. I noticed other reviewers are using DVD Identifier 
Low quality, low cost cable. This is a cheap cable in both cost and quality. When connected between my Voodoo3 3000 card and my Mag Innovision DX17F monitor, the picture 
Wrong Speakers sent to me. I received the wrong speakers. I ordered the penguin speakers and got the monkey speakers. They were a Christmas gift for my niece who collects 
CD player broke after 1 week. Just a warning, after 1 week of very light use -- the CD player is unable to play any CDs. The radio still works, 
Very Poor Performance. I bought this product and I wish I had not. In most cases it is much faster and efficient to copy the text by typing than trying 
Rodney. The concept of the unit is that you can use your house wiring as the carrier for the signal. The problem with the design is that it cannot overcome 
Monster Cable is a rape--I mean rip-off. If it s not already obvious, Monster Cable is the carpetbagger of the home entertainment world. With the rapid development of new HD 
Poor Quality. This is the third Delphi product I have purchased for use with XM SkyFi2 system. Each Delphi product had to be returned because of problems; sound card problem, 
Sandisk 2GB. I just cam from Las Vegas and the sandisk has a disk error that doesn t allow for more photos after only using 40mb. I have tried to 
Weak midrange - worse bass. I puchased the LS 100 s to get a decent speaker for a great price. I was disappointed. I knew the bass response would not 
Cheap Hunk of Junk. This was the worst purchase of any type of computer hardware that I have ever made. It felt very light and flimsy, the definition of cheap 
DO NOT BUY!. I bought this hub less than 2 months ago. It has stopped working! If I plug it in, it is no longer powered.DO NOT BUY THIS P.O.S.! 
Easy to Use, But.... the sound quality is so horrible I m returning mine... I don t understand why no company can put out a decent system to do this. 
Expensive and hard to find. The suspicious side of me wants to believe that HP did a promo with their Deskjet 612C - i.e. they sold the printer cheap or 
Out of Date. This would be a great idea if it were not out of date. This uses the 3rd edition Official Scrablbe Dictionary. The 4th edition came out in 
Do NOT Buy This Product. My player worked less than a dozen times and this was for 30 minute yoga lessons . If a company gives you only a 90 
Wanted to like it, but... When I first started using this, I loved it. It worked fine in my car cassette deck and had decent sound. In fact, I bought 
Don t Buy. There are no instructions as mentioned before but my biggest complaint is that the card would not fit into the slot in the back of the computer. 
It works but not as you would presume it should !!!. There is no problem with the card or capacity. But when I compare my results with Lexar 12X card, 
Do not buy!. Looks slick, decent sound and great price BUTflimsy attenna and CD player broke after 1 week on its own - I didn t even open it up 
not so great. I ve had a pair of these for about a while now, they ll last a long time because i don t use them. They are fairly 
expensive mistake. I agree with the other bad reviews above.One faviourable reviewer uses it for pool areobics which I assume dosnt involve submurging your head. The other faviourable reviewer who 
Do not buy this. The screen is terrible when view movies through the iPod. Picture quality is really bad when compare to the iPod built-in screen. The DVD feature is 
Good idea, design a little weird, and bad sound. When you look at a picture of the Sony MDR-J10 headphones, you probably think great idea! I certainly did, and I 
This is junk and it doesn t last 9 months. I got this for Christmas last year. I hardly use the thing and when I have I have been very 
Not a true Access Point. It is likely, if you are looking at an access point rather than a basic broadband router, that you are wanting more versatility in your 
Poor - kept dropping cell calls. I returned the entire Motorola C51 system. It kept droppong cell phone calls. I then purchased the Panasonic KX-TH111 and it works great  
Keep your money in your pocket. This speaker is only slightly louder than the internal speakers in my IBM laptop.  
serious drop in quality. I have always been a fan of Sony because they make quality products that are user-friendly . That is why I was in a state of 
Worked OK for about 230 days, then stopped. The drive arrived at the end of December, was quick to get up and running, and worked fine until yesterday. Then it 
Nice GPS receiver, but not user friendly with the map software. I ve owned a Magellan Meridian Gold GPS receiver for 3 1 2 years. It worked great until last 
looks just like a piece of cardboard. I thought that this paper would be similar to the matte finish at local photo places, but it looks and prints just like 
Just take a fullsize mouse. It s worth it just to take a regular size optical mouse with you. This one doesn t save that much space. It works fine, 
Mine broke quickly! Software is terrible. I agree with all the other feedback saying this product is faulty. The on off button is terrible. It takes 5 tries to turn 
INCORRECT DESCRIPTION - NO BATTERY BOX INCLUDED. When you view the technical details for this product, it indicates that a Battery Box is included with the Mic, even shows the 
Avery matte CD labels. Although these labels were functional, I was disappointed as the paper is far thinner than for similar labels I had purchased previously, and these tended to 
Anyone for a class action law suit against Kensington?. I can t believe amazon and Kensington are still selling this product. I just bought mine last week, and when it 
Not worth the price tag. the sound isolating is NOT as good as people rave about.yes, it does decrease the amount of outside sound you hear, but it doesn t 
Not for ski trip. I got them mostly for being very light and small. In the city it worked up to 1 5 of a mile, you can connect a 
Poor Device. This unit is not worth the money. Unfortunately I gave this unit as a gift to my mom, helping her set this item up was a nightmare, the 
I need more power scotty!. I bought these thinking they were a good deal but now I have to agree with some of the other reviewers. I bought 24 of 
Bad product. Horrible product. It s not the seller s fault that it s such a horrible product... it just is. The main selling point for this is that it 
doesn work with al products. This product didn t work with my wireless mouse, scanner, and it would mess up my print que and I would have to restart the 
Mine was defective, but warranty service was quick. I used an 880 to hook up my A V equipment: a TV, DVD player, VCR, amplifier, and an XBox. There was 
If This Is Intended For BitTorrent Purposes, Save Your Money. Ever wonder how many Amazon product reviews are submitted by corporate shills? In the case of the DGL-4100, I m 
Not a good Company to Deal with. I ordered two 4 gb mini flash drives. One of them arrived DOA dead on arrival. I have emailed the person who sold 
These cost 10.00 with shipping!. No kidding!! The shipping charge on these batteries was over 6.00. Amazon doesn t itemize the shipping charges on your order, so if you order 
Low Price, Low Quality, No Technical Support. This Transcend 2GB, 120x has not failed yet, but the Transcend 2GB 80x CF card that I purchased a month earlier failed and 
Terrific portable music for a crowd!. This player works quite well in our home. We just pick it up & move to the next room, outdoors or into the van. 
Lost Button Functions Over Time. I bought this remote to use with my 27 Panasonic CRT TV in the bedroom. The OEM remote lost button functions over time-just like the 
Deceptive marketing at its finest. The one and only reason I purchased this label printer was for the highly touted Dymo Stamps feature, supposedly giving you the ability to print 
Speed dial unusable. To use the speed dial, you must first hold down the button to get the number to be displayed. Then press phone or spkrphone to send. I 
A surprising disappointment from a usually stellar company. I m a seasoned graphics pro who always reads the manuaI, and have owned several previous models of Wacom tablet. For the 
Beware!. If you have a cable modem for broadband connection to the internet, your unit will not be covered by the APS warranty on this device. Lightning hit near our 
Bag is ok. I purchased this from Amazon based on the description that a long lasting rechargeable battery was included. However when it arrived, there was no battery. Upon questioning 
Poor support for defective mapping engine. If TomTom s maps fail and you submit a bug report, the nice support site sends you to TeleAtlas s site which promptly CLOSES 
 Buyers Beware ! Check your camera model before you buy this. These cards only work with Camera that supports the Write Acceleration !! otherwise the speed is no different 
Don t buy the PSUS4. I ve a PSUS4 for over two years now. I m awaiting the return of a forth replacement unit from Linksys. They stream my LAN 
Great looking case design, lousy implementation... The Netgear SC101 Storage Central device holds a lot of promise and offers a nice looking case design. In fact, I referred to mine 
If only the wireless part of it worked!. I writing this eview onthe nwkeoard tht I picked up a few urs Don stop redingdue to th numerous misspellins and rors. 
Not as advertised. The description gives the impression that the material is made of hard rubber and that it can protect you ipod in rugged conditions. In reality it is 
Best for your printer, Worst for your pocketbook. This is a great printer and the ink cartridge system is tops - but this item is available elsewhere for much less. 
2 bads don t make a good. The specs look great, and the features it has work great. Sound quality is amazing. But many parts of the device are cheaply 
My plastic band broke. Folks,If you purchased this unit and the plastic band broke, call Logitech support at: 702-269-3457Once you prove that you have the old model, and send it 
Good TV for the price - MORONIC remote. I purchased my 6620LDG, like other reviewers, to replace my old kitchen TV. I really wanted an LCD with a built-in DVD 
Very slow. My best USB drive is the Lexar Media JDE512-231 JumpDrive Elite USB 2.0 512MB drive which I had for about a year and a half. But I needed 
Never really did work. Perhaps I am luckier...my Netgear adapter crapped out five times in the first two weeks. After reading all these negative reviews, I decided just to take 
Junk, junk, junk! Have had 7 bad ones so far!!!. 1st unit had bad logic board and died after about 1 week of use. Next one the power supply died 
don t buy this if you have Yamaha keyboard. This item will not work if you have a Yamaha keyboard. The people at the company were very nice to deal 
DIDN T WORK RIGHT THE FIRST DAY. THE DAY I GOT IT I WAS SO EXCITED TO MOUNT THIS AND START USING IT. ATTACHING THE ITEM WAS VERY EASY TO 
Broken in 3 weeks. I got these to replace my yellow Sony sports headphones. The yellow ones were kind of rubbery and I ve had them for years. These broke 
Don t use it in your basement. This thing worked fine for about nine months and then died. It doesn t like humidity. I keep my switch and router in 
Nice user interface but not reliable. Palms have nice user interfaces. This is my second Palm PDA. The screen is excellent, and it is thin and light. The software works 
Does NOT work reliably with an optical mouse. I can occasionally get my Logitech cordless MouseMan optical mouse to work on this pad, but before long, it just stops tracking. 
Waster of a weekend. Bought it on a Friday night. Spent 3 hours Saturday and 3 hours on Sunday trying to get everything to work. It took 3 tech people 
Not universal - Bring Your Own Screws. Construction quality of the mount seems good, but it is not universal out of the box. Despite being listed as compatible with my 
Did not work well with DI-524 Router. I bought this to hook to my Dlink DI-524 router in order to reach a wireless device at the other end of the 
Stylish but way too small for regular use. I ve been looking for this style of phone for a while, looks great, works great but it s so tiny as 
Never worked in N-draft mode. It took a few hours to learn how to download the latest firm ware for the router and n-draft adapter both from d-link .The wired 
Disappointing. This home theater package, despite being attractively priced considering its apparent functionality, is ultimately very disappointing.I m new to HDTV and HDMI so I didn t know as much 
That s why I hate apple. Never seen a worse, less intuitive, inconvenient to use and worsely documented software that iTunes. Apples is up to it s usual standard. That 
Where s the fricken battery, crooks!!??. As with other reviewers, I did not receive the battery that was supposed to be included with the case. In fact, I didn t 
Like everyone says - WEAK PINS. I have disconnected this cable TWO times only to temporarily relocate the TV and guess what - Yes, one of the pins got bent 
Horrible. Do not purchase!. This item was a total bust. Sound quality is lousy, reception is poor, and you can barely hear your music come through. It s cheaply made 
works ok, but no wonder. I ve had several UPSs now for a while. Belkin UPS quit after about 3 years of work. I understand that this may be long 
Very disappointed. I purchased 2 Rite Lites to use under my kitchen cabinets. The light output was not strong enough to assist in food prep or even read a recipe. 
Horrible Software and Support. After using the Printer, which is a nice unit, I had numerous Software related functions that did not work on the Printer. I called HP for 
Company stuck in the stone age. I agree with the poster who complained about the drivers not being available for download. In this day and age, there is no excuse 
Returned it the next day. For 500, Bose sells an extremely easy-to-setup pair of TV speakers that sound no better than your TV. The Acoustimass unit is apparently trying to 
Not worth the money. I recently bought this unit after returning 2 defective 9430 models by Cobra and I ll have to say there is no improvement as I had 
Faulty router with web utility config issues. I bought this router and since day one I had problems in accessing the configurations through the web utility. Linksys support s suggestions 
Wrong application - not suited for use with radios!!!!. Even though this AC Power Adaptor was listed on the Amazon website as an accessory for a Sony portable transistor radio, 
crappp. sure it gives you better signal strength but it doesnt detect all network connections. DO NOT BUY THIS ITE  
Horses for Courses. I have no axe to grind with Bose. I originally bought this speaker for a custom cabinet with almost no room for a center channel set up. 
misleading advertising. I was not aware until purchasing, that the U3 Smart Drive by Kingston would not run just any software but only certain programs therefore it is mostly useless 
where should I start? it s a BAD phone. I have gone through three over 9months. Tried different stores and made sure the box was factory fresh.the issues listed are 
Limited range, several issues. I paid about 12 shipping for this at CompUSA. Net 18 or so. It s probably worth about 10 total.I get about an 8 foot line 
Impossibleto receive SW. I bought this radio 2 years ago. My worst 80 dollars. It is pratically impossible to get 1 short wave station. I have tried everything. Nothing, nada. 
Extremely Incosistent...poor performance. I ve messed around with this product for about 4 hours and have wanted to throw it against the wall multiple times.The mouse function is not smooth...that 
This Lock is GARBAGE!. This Locking System is GARBAGE.I have 20 of these for a set of 20 laptops that we use as a training lab.1 These locks are difficult 
Works best with one pc only. I have a linksys router hooked up to a Power Line Bridge and on the other end another PLB hooked up to a PC. 
don t waste your money. doesn t work for me - i live an hour north of boston and an hour south of portland - not the best area for 
i dont like this mouse. I dont like this mouse, i brought, and never work, its useles  
Sure they re cute BUT...... Sure, these colorful jewel cases are pretty to look at but I give their functionality an F. As soon as I opened one of these 
features don t work and Panasonic is aware. I have the 2.4 ghz 4000 version and I love it, but it does buzz sometimes because of my home wireless network, 
Horrible Color. I have used HP printers for years, I administrate a network and have dozens of HP printers b&w, as well as color . While b&w and spot color 
Complete Waste of Money. If you buy it, you ll be spending forty bucks on a stand with no features that the Zune doesn t already provide sync cable output, 
maybe better with a Sony?. Adds volume but overall I would say the sound quality is very similar or not as good without this device. I use it with my 
Finally got rebate. I had all the same rebate issues with this item as others, so if you are buying this CD case just because of the rebate, please DON 
Excellent sound, Bad design. As most anyone will tell you, these speakers do have excellent sound and if you re just going to set them up on your desktop, then 
Nice Try. One month after purchase one speaker power supply burnt out. The support company, Recton, is bankrupt. Thomsen has taken over support but you need to return everything just 
The worst phone I ve ever owned. This phone system is now in a box where all my old and failed electronics go. You could be 2 feet from the 
This backpack didn t hold up. Pro sIt s really roomy.... ample room for my old brick of a computer Dell 15 inspiron 6800 and my tiny HP NC6230. Good 
Doesnt last for long. I regret buying this product since day1 u have to reboot it again and again and now atlast after 6 months only it died on me 
Horrible design!. Thank goodness for Apple they made a product designed well enough to get you just past a year 1-year warrenty and then die. I would hate for them 
NOT Mac compatable. Purchased this item, was thrilled that it was so inexpensive.Cable got here, I take it out of the package, it s too short to use with my 
Don t do it. Don t buy it. In the 6 months I had the phone, the screen burnt out so I can see the numbers, the answering machine is 
Bad Choice!. I bought this Mp3 player because it was just a few bucks cheaper than the Ipod and I ended up paying dearly for it. It is a piece 
terrible product. When we first bought this television we thought it was great. 18 months later, it stopped working. We thought it was the lamp. Wrong. Two authorized Samsung service 
Griffin iFM. Functionally, the iFM is great. I like to use it for workouts at the gym to watch FM transmitted TV s. However, the construction is extremely cheap. I 
Using this Power Supply with a radio. I read the other reviews before I purchased this power supply. The one review stated that for Short Wave radio use, the power 
Don t buy... I ve had this flash drive for 2 months. It was working fine until recently. Now it doesn t even light up. I ve had my other 
Will not work with PrintServers. I bought this printer and printserver separate so at any time I could switch out the printer without having to buy another wireless network ready 
2 major design flaws - Buy Kensington version instead. I purchased this product, but after 3 months of frustrating use wound up throwing it away.The first problem is that the 
BEWARE OF EPSON PLANNED OBSOLESCENCE . I will never buy another Epson Product after my Epson Stylus Photo RX500 died exactly 3 years after purchase. This was a lightly used 
It only made things worse. I tried this product on two DVDs that would no longer play reliably. The scratches were minor and only in one part of each disc. 
Gumy??. I do not know why they named these gumy headphones. There is nothing gumy about them except the look. They are large in size and as hard as a 
Photo is of wrong item. This is not an xD to Compactflash card adapter. If you order this item number, you will receive a PC card adapter that accepts xD 
misleading prior Eton E-5 review. Just received radio yesterday, and am returning radio today! Pluses.... adequate LCD display and good illumination while on AC adapter. Good thumbwheel tuning in 1 
Cheap and Loud. Looks really good on the shelf but it s all show. If you like need modular, the connections are convenient, but the cables are low quality. I 
Delivered Inoperable. The PD-M426 did not play CDs without static, bounces & other noise.I initially thought it was the CD cartridge or CD. However; I have two of these units 
many cases are broken. Check 10 cases, at least 6 are broken in new box. I don t want to waist my time to check the remain 15 pieces.  
Don t buy. I got this CD player because I thought sony was a good company, plus I liked the look of it. But after just 5 months after purchase, 
good product but only lived a short life - 1 year. It was a great product when it worked. Sleek design, super user friendly, sharp image and easily unlock to 
Uniden DCT758-4Expanded Cordless System with Digital Answering System and call Waiting Caller ID. Phones had buzzing interferance,upon pickup calling party was not there all the time, volume always varied,either too 
A fool & his money. soon parted.... very disapointed, bad design, not for the gym which is what I bought them for.. sound is OK, not wonderful... wish I would 
Junk. I bought this radio as a Christmas gift for my seven year old son. The CD player did not work. It was a bummer. Also, when I bought it 
DOES NOT WORK WITH SHUFFLE. Despite the product description and even the box packaging! , the claim that this product works with the Shuffle is incorrect. IT DOES NOT WORK 
Reeks!. I had the same experience as another reviewer here, the sleeves smell very strong I put them out in the garage till I can return them . I bought 
ATI Products are NOT fully Vista compatible. I recently purchased this ATI TV Video Card which clearly stated Vista Compatible . The FREE 11.00 in shipping??? remote is NOT compatible. 
Poor design. There is something quite wrong with the Laser Mouse 6000, the shape is not right, it s kind of shallow. I have to be conscious every time I 
Neither Fail-Safe nor Fail-Seldom. Ran fine for just over a year. Pointedly, this took it just beyond the warranty period. Then, the converter in the AC power cord failed, mearly 
Looks Good, But... The case looks great and fits well, but it s nearly impossible to remove. I had to insert a credit card between the latches and pry for 
Difficult. I bought this for my granddaughter, and I have used 3 other mp3 players, and this one is horrible. Getting 2 different computers to recognize it was impossible. Hello, 
Great Sound but In a Stone Age Clock Radio. Let me start out by saying that I love Tivoli radios. I have a Model Two with a Model Sub-woofer in 
Bad product support. I set up everthing according to the Quick install. All setting is correct but i still could not print. I call Technical support,on hold for 20 minuts 
Started good but ended bad. I had this card for more than 6 months, and It worked super in my Canon Powershot A510. Transfers went well too. Then all of 
Super cute, sounds good, but.... I wouldn t buy these again and wish I hadn t paid so much for them either. around 9 I ve had them for less 
Crippled Design. Requires installation of bloated software on every Windows machine you want to transfer files too.Only works with a Windows machine.From the Manual of which I couldn t copy 
Worked poorly, then broke!. This thing was a major hassle from the start. Difficult to set up even for an experienced computer user like me . Once it was set 
Only comes with one mount. I returned this product. It only comes with one mount. I felt the description indicated there would be two. I went to Wal-Mart and was 
Disapointment. I m very disapointment about this product, I think it look so ugly in my car and doesn t have good sound.Realmente luce muy feo en mi carro, me 
did not get it in the mail yet. I have been charged however I did not get a copy of the policy to date.  
still can not get to operate on internet. a virtual nightmare with set up. no help from their support staff on phones, nor online Q&A. poorest choice i ever have 
Sorry to make the first review a bad one. Looking for my first MP3 player, thought something small and inexpensive might be where to start, so got I this one. 
IMPOSSIBLE. Okay, For one, I don t know how this is getting good reviews. Maybe I got a lemon...There are two things that i hate about this product.1 It is 
Very Poor technical Support. My Tv started to have sound problems and I sent off an email to Olevia. No response. Then tried calling support - had to leave a 
Unhappy. Product was difficult to setup and didnt come with complete instructions. Had to call tech support India? and after 30 min. on the phone was able to complete the 
Garbage!. To back up my personal DVD collection I burned 200 discs. 100 on these Memorex DVD R s, 100 on Philips DVD R s. EVERY Memorex had flaws during 
Looks great works bad. I bought this for my 4 kids who love the frozen drinks. But, I soon found that it does not work well. After a few uses 
not usable due to SonicStage. Hardware awesome, software a flop. Since you HAVE to use their software the package is destroyed. I will give you the final nail on the 
Non Adjustable Headband Is Uncomfortable. The headband on these headphones is a fixed size, so they are held in place by the pressure of the earpads against your ears. They 
No support!. I paid 300 dollars for a NEW Magellan GPS less than a yearand a half ago from boat Us and they have already declared it obsolete. If you 
The Price Isn t Worth It. Buy Something That Works!. I have owned this projector for almost a year and a half.Let s start with the PROs:Its a projector. It 
Looks good, but....... The player came in excellenct condition. Exactly what we were looking for: compact, sturdy, a pleasure to look at, easy for a 4-year-old to use. But as 
Horrible quality. I bought this product. The second time I used it the volume control broke. I can t adjust the volume. So I returned it for another one of 
Stopped working after using twice MP3. After spending hours downloading songs, the player quit on me. Tried replacing batteries, did all the trouble shooting - nothing. I purchased it January 
Total Junk. I have to reboot this at least twice per day. Netgear refuses to acknowledge that their Access Point sucks  
Typical Lousy Razer Performance. The Copperhead was my 3rd and last attempt to get a decent performing gaming mouse from the Razer people. I have had 2 Diamondbacks and this 
Less than a year and gone......!. I really NEEDED this printer. I even overlooked the shaking of the printer and table it sat on during printing. In less than a 
not so waterproof. Initially, this worked okay, but after a few weeks, i was swimming and all of a sudden my mp3 player stopped playing. When I looked at the 
Overpriced Underperformance. I have owned many radios and purchased this received short wave stations and to get better reception for local stations. This radio did neither. This radio performed worse 
Good for about 30 cards... So after scanning my first batch of cards which it worked great for , the scanner simply stopped working correctly. It couldn t be recalibrated 
impossible to use without additional accessories. Comes with lousy instructions and is not complete, as far as I can tell.  
Runs hot. Functions absolutely flawlessly under Vista 64bit unlike most other cards such as my older WinTV PVR-150 . If not for the next paragraph, I d give it five 
One word, disappointment. I didn t give it a one because it started out ok. I have a Compaq, Presario with the integrated Intel 817 video chipset. I purchased the 
Awful. Clock radio-alarm does not work. Manufacturer does not list telephone number. Apparently Customer Service does not exis  
Not worth the extra money for Lightscribe. It really isn t worth the extra money to pay for Lightscribe CDs. When you do use Lightscribe, it does even look good. 
Mine broke quickly! Software is terrible. I agree with all the other feedback saying this product is faulty. The on off button is terrible. It takes 5 tries to turn 
No support!. I paid 300 dollars for a NEW Magellan GPS less than a yearand a half ago from boat Us and they have already declared it obsolete. If you 
super streaky. After some use of my new notebook Sony Vaio FE590P I started collecting dust and fingerprints on the display. I purchased the monitor wipes to clear the display. 
Not Fit For Purpose. I will not bother repeating the specific complaints of numerous reviewers, in general, this product should not even be sold.It is not a real NAS in 
Worked like a charm for 24 hours. Install went smooth on my W2K dell inspiron notebook. Everything worked fine for 24 hours then it just stopped. Worked with customer support 
CD Player does not work. I have exchanged this karaoke machine twice already but the CD player does not work. I can t believe that Toys R US would have 
Broken out the box. This took out the package, plugged it in, and got nothing. The power light would not come on. The connection going into the unit seemed to 
Buy Palm USB Charger Car Kit. I have a USB AC charger and car charger that came with my Palm PDA, and they work just fine with my Nano. Don 
couldn t see print. type it up, print it out and all you get is a blank label. couldn t see the prin  
Poor performer. This little D-link box is reasonably simple to configure and use. Even using fast broadband service at both ends, audio quality was rather poor I suspect the microphone 
Bad Bad Bad. I had this product less than a week when it failed to play any DVDs.the tv is ok. But over all not worth it  
Unreliable. With the DiNovo Cordless Media Bluetooth Desktop, Logitech has produced a product with a sleek appearance. The product looks sharp and the mouse has a nice hand-feel. The mouse 
Fantastic Product! But Don t Buy it Here!!. I love this minisisc. It holds an incredible amount of songs--the equivolent of an I-pod mini-- and the ease of use of 
If I could find a better pouch I would. I would not buy this again. The edge of the pouch impinges on the earphones connection and already wore out I 
Too bulky; low battery life; poor quality. I bought this phone to replace a GE phone. It s a lot bulkier and heavier with a much lower battery life. The 
0 for 2 on compatibility. I tried this adapter with two different iPod docking port devices: a Belkin TuneBase FM transmitter for the iPod Mini, and the iPod connector integrated 
Not Sure if This Thing Does Anything. The first one i had was broken. So Amazon replaced it, quick. Thanks! Anyhow... It doesn t take a genius to figure out 
DO NOT BUY!!!!!!!. I bought this Mp3 player about 5 months ago and it just stopped working. I did nothing to it to provoke it to break. It has a 
Don t Buy if near US Canada Border. This GPS comes with US map on the SD card and Canada map on the included CD but never the twain shall 
Overpriced. This model was much more expensive than other brands because it was made from Sony . I believed the product will meet my expectations since it was more expensive 
If they would send you the right card. I am not the first person to have this problem. What I received was in fact a WinTv-HVR-1600. Which is not at 
poor design. very poor design..would never recommend this product.The connection is so flaky,you will end up wasting lot of time  
this system blows not in a good way . do not buy this system. for the money there are much better systems out there.I bought this for my family room 
Electronic Service plan with Amazon. The time starts ticking when the item is purchased, not when it ships! The GPS that I bought will not ship for another couple of 
Beware the shipping costs. I thought this would be a great buy, but the shipping costs make it more expensive than best buy. Screw that  
On Off. It is the year 2005. The 21st Century. We ve put men on the moon. We ve launched space probes to the edges of our solar system. We 
NOW I M KINDA P!SSED OFF!!!. I AM REALLY UPSET WITH THESE. NOTHING REALLY ON THESE HEADPHONES ARE PROS. THEY ARE MOSTLY ALL CONSPros:- Volume remote...which doesn t even help 
Sandisk 2GB. I just cam from Las Vegas and the sandisk has a disk error that doesn t allow for more photos after only using 40mb. I have tried to 
Makes a Lovely Paperweight. And also gave my children an amusing exhibition of what it was like to try to tune in a station on a TV circa 1963. Pulled 
Didn t work for me. Midi UNO Yamaha Keyboard = Buy the UX-16Simple mat  
Only worked for 10 months. I bought this DVD player to play DVD s from Australia. It worked great for about 10 months with very light use. However, it started 
Not user friendly. The armband works fine, but it is such a pain! You can t see the screen, it is hard to control the volume, pause, etc... through the 
Earbuds shorted after only 6 months of light usage. I used these for 6 months when they shorted out and only one side works at a time. If I wiggle 
Firewire Connection Was Messed Up. I bought this hoping it would cure my busted Superdrive on my G4 iMac but when connected via the Firewire it would freeze any program 
Freezes and tech help not good. I purchased dvd express and it never worked. I spent endless time with tech support. The old story about, It must be your computer. 
broken after one week. I owned this product for about one week, very nice little piece which I can take to work or jogging, but today when I am copying 
It doesn t work at all. I connected all the cables as instructed, but it doesn t work, the light is not on.So I return it to Amazon  
The easier way to do it. I mean seriously guys, is it really worth forking over to those greedy peeps at Sony over 40 dollars just for a silly memory 
Will not work With SporTrak Color. Don t know how this could work with on SporTrak and not another, but it will definately NOT work with the SporTrak Color. The 
Go 510 910 Additional Mount Kit. this piece of product was horribly engineered. it is very difficult to mount the tomtom 910 unlike the mount kit for the 700. Honestly 
harman kardon is so unreliable nowadays. i ve had hk products since the 80 s and generally like their products. but this is the second hk cd that broke just 
DVD is disappointment, LCD does its job. We bought ours from Amazon in October, and have been disappointed with the DVD player, which has a flaw documented in the manual 
Waste of money!. I, too, wish I could give a 0 star rating. This product is worthless. We get almost no radio stations to come in and the CD player 
hated it... This thing was a nightmare for us. So much in fact that we returned it. It never played the movies correctly and even scratched every movie we played 
Now only if it actually works!. I am now the proud owner of an Archos 404, after spending one traumatic month having owned, in my opinion, the far inferior Archos 
Big red flag - don t waste your money - Syntax tests at your cost. It will work only until about one year for which there is a warranty after 
instructios. Have still not been able to program this the way it should be, confusing controls instrucitons, complicated, not at all like my old scanner, cannot find a way to 
prepare to lose your data!. I have about 200 live concerts that I burned onto TDK discs about 3 years ago. None of them are playable now. Going forward, I 
What did I expect... for 20 bucks...After finally figuring out that I had to turn my mic inputs ALL the way up, I still can t get more than a 
Great initially but DEAD one month after the 1 year warranty expired. This WAS my favorite little device. It s slow, as it s a hard drive and not a 
Camera locks up frequently. I m on my second DCS-5300G. I sent the first one back because it was locking up all the time. The replacement is also locking up, 
Connections are TOO TIGHT! What happened to Monster quality control?. What has happened to Monster s quality? In 2003-04, I had a discount on Monster cable through my employer and 
Poor Reception. I also had the model before the M85V and got great reception. This new model gets terrible reception. I still have my old model and put the old 
Sub-par. I m a tenor who use pc to record my vocal. This mic is just so-so, slightly better than a chat-mic. My major complaint about it is that it 
not working or printing properly. I don t know if the cartridge is dry, but it is not printing properly, unlike the previous cartridges we bought from you  
wrong CD changer. It didn t match the Acoustic Wave player I bought. There should have been also two outdoor speakers, as a promotion for buying both pieces.The page, from 
Complete Junk. I bought these radios for their size and supposed range. I installed the battery packs, set the frequencies, and was impressed at how compact, solid, and function-packed they 
Not a Good company or Mouse. It is hard to reach the buttons on the side of the mouse, they are worthless. The drivers start a cyle of rebooting your 
I can t believe they call this junk Sony . I have had this system for 9 monthis now, and I am sure this is the worst piece of AV 
Less than pleased. Although the radio still works, the searchlight illuminated only once, the first time I turned it on. It hasn t worked again since.The radio works while plugged 
AWFUL. What an awful product. After less than a week of use, the camera will no longer connect to my wireless network. Even when it did, it kept causing the 
What a rip off!!. I purchased this product after quite a bit of research and after finding that it was finally available for windows I couldn t wait to get 
EA-BLO6 NOT for Minolta Dimage Xi. Since this rechargable battery was clearly listed under accessories on the Minolta Dimage Xi Amazon WEB page, I purchased one to serve as a 
not good. This is the worst thing.Never buy this one!!! There is serious noise,big problem..  
Dont be fooled by the name Motorola. I have had this phone for 6 months and it works -but the battery life is not good. The phones are now to 
Unreliable; died after a couple months. I bought this adapter for use with my Suunto X6HR watch. It seemed to work at first when first installed. But on subsequent usage, 
LaCie won t repair products out of warranty. Have 1 and 1.2-TB versions of this product. One failed after 16 mos, and LaCie refuses to even look at it..recommends I 
A Piece of Garbage. This was the worst electronics puchase I ve ever made. When I first got the mini it was great, looked nice and sounded great. Within about 
Beautiful Picture - Poor Quality Control. I bought my first Samsung HLS 5087W on March 6, 2007 from one of the well know big box Stores. I chose this model 
Sound cuts out after under 3 months. After light use less than once a week for under 3 months the sound began to cut out. I noticed it would cut 
Constant noise. July 31st 2005:I was looking for a DVD player for my bedroom at Costco and couldn t resist the 179 price for this brand new Philips HTS3400 HTS3410 
I bought the Marware Protection Pack to Prevent it From Getting Dirty. This is one of the most frustrating things that has happened to me. So I bought my MacBook 
Could be great, haven t been able to use it yet..... Got the phone and found out that in order to mount it to the wall, I need to purchase 
Doesnt work. It just dont work, in the whole dial there s no single FM station that transmit load and clean. To much noise  
Horrible DVD player. I have bought and returned three of these units now. Each one has been defective, and finally I just gave up on returning the system. The DVD 
Not worth the money. I live in an area with no xm repeaters and must rely on good satelite reception. I have purchased 2 sets of headphones for use with 
Buyer beware. I returned this contract and asked for a refund but NEW ignored my first two emails. Then I called them and they informed me of their shady business 
Can t do math?. Obviously Amazon thinks that it s customers can read but not do math! This is the most inane offer yet!!  
Low performance on Linux. First I must mention that the package or manual does not say this card supports Linux, but it s using Realtek 8169 chipset which driver r8169 
What a let down . . . I purchased this MP3 player thinking it was a good purchase. Boy was I wrong. Creative Labs tend to have glitches whether it 
Is there a zero stars?. This is the worst thing I have ever owned!!!! It broke said there were no cd s inside after about a week! Do yourself a 
Expensive Disposable Printer. I purchased this expensive All in one 12-30-2005 exactly 2 months after warranty while replacing black ink cartridge. The plastic piece that holds the metal clip in 
They send the wrong antenna. I ordered the Cobra HG A1500 High Gear CB Antenna. They keep sending the Cobra HG A1000. Now I m stuck with a antenna I 
Did not work for me. I was unable to get it to sync up with our computer and we have Windows 2000. So it was no use to me  
No USB capabilities. Where is the USB compatibility that all the other cards have  
Sad compared to older Models. Just purchased 3 units , thought they would work as well as the Novi units they were replacing however they have absolutely no range . 
Be careful of what you think this is.. First of all I thought Sat radio advertised Commercial Free radio was that. IT IS NOT AT ALL!!!! In fact I spend 
Missing Cable. Never got a chance to try out the drive because it was missing an interconnect. When I tried Western Digital support I was kept waiting for 45 minutes 
High Capacity, low cost, but slow. Fairly inexpensive when I purchased this for 150 last summer. If I waited until now, for the same price, I could get a CF 
I swore I would never buy a D-Link product again... And I was right....I should have passed on this. It was a pain to configure, and then none of the 
Not for running. I wore these yesterday for the first and last time. I bought these headphones in hopes that they would stay in or at least near my ears 
not network ready. The printer works great as a usb printer, a fax machine, and copier.It may as well not even have a network port on it.The networking driver will 
Amazon Inventory Control?. This product has a known defect for serial numbers R641 and less see Logitech website . I just received my Amazon Order and it was serial number 
Kingston 2 GB SD Memory Card. This SD would not work in my Nikon Coolpix S6 camera but the Fuji and Sandisk product did  
Back-UPS ES drops power AFTER power is restored!. Most people buy a UPS, plug it in and never test it to make sure it works. I tested this device a 
not what I expected. I purchased this dvd recorder to go with the sony hdd camcorder. They should have been perfectly compatible, but mine has been nothing but trouble. The 
Breaks too easily. Cheap and definitely nasty - they may look nice and robust given the hardened plastic ear-cups, but after a few months light use, I lost sound through 
After a year s use, not a keeper. I was given the iQue M3 for Christmas of 2005. A few months into the new year, I dropped it onto pavement, 
ComPLETE ripoff!. The very idea that this cheap piece of plastic could ever warrant a list price of 30 US makes my stomach hurt. This is a KNOCKOFF computer component, 
look at all the pretty bubbles...not. Simply put, the keyboard sticky scuff cover never flattens out completely. There are always bubbles. If you like playing with them all the time 
Doesn t pass the test of time. Great looking keyboard. Unfortunately all it takes is one minor spill and the keyboard is destroyed. That includes cleaning. And don t think 
The Worst Waterproof Heaphones on the Market. I have spent from 20- 100 on waterproof headphones over the last 2 years and I can say, without hesitation, these are the 
Not worth the trouble. This card died on me after about a year of use. My laptop will detect the card, but it won t power up. My reaction? Good 
It is in the shop. Every thing works well enough with the exception of the HDMI terminals that were not functional correctely as I recieved the Sharp Aquos LC32D42U LCD 
Sent it back. Purchased for my daughter, an English teacher, Scrabble lover. She said she d rather have a book to look up words and most of the features on 
Am I missing something here???. It s like wiping your monitor off with WD40. Somebodygoofed on these. Not sure what I can use these things fornow. Yes I know I 
wireless mouse. Not very good for a house with impatient people. It was a little sticky at first, by the time I contacted seller, they broke it.  
Poor Product. Despite not being written on the packaging or website my HP iPaq RX3417 was compatible with this keyboard.Unfortunatly the software supplied was extremely bad, clogging my PDA making 
Not a quality item. This item worked for a while, but required fiddling unplugging and replugging repeatedly with the lighter socket each time I restarted my car. Eventually, however, it 
Duhh! Why print 4x6 when it is 4x6.5. This makes no sense. If the industry standard is 4x6, why did they, Kodak, cut the paper to 4x6.5 and then advertise 
Bad experience. Received DVD s damaged due to inproper packaging by the vendor.Vendor refused to exchange damaged discs.  
Can t find a fit!. I bought these on a limb. I hadn t read any reviews, hadn t seen them in action -- not that it would have helped. 
What s up with this DVD?. My friend bought these dvd s so I could burn her wedding video...not ONE of these dvd s were recognized by my Toshiba DVD 
Non-existent customer service. I am having some problems with my receiver and, from what I ve found, you can t contact a live customer support rep if your life depends 
they re useless. iv tried these earbuds multiple times hoping they d work. everytime i put them in my ears, they fall out. theyre useless. waste of my money  
Had pix loss w Lexar cards. About three years ago, maybe four, I bought two Lexar CFII cards. One never worked, the other worked, but lost all data. I wrote 
I returned this system in one week. It came down to a choice between a 40 sound system with a seperate dvd player or this 200 system. The reason I 
HDMI port unreliable. Maybe it s just the one I got, but my HDMI port seems to be very unreliable. Most of the time it will be working fine, but 
Underpowered... Unfortunately, I picked this unit up with much higher hopes than I should have.Setup was relatively simple. I know what I m doing and I have an existing UPnP 
Unreliable Manufacturing. I bought this in November and used it a couple times. It worked on one disk and not the other. I went to use it again and it 
poor quality, burned shorted out in 12 hours. I was able to install this adapter on my Windows XP Dell, and it worked with my household wireless network, at least 
Not for Win 98 users!!!. I ve had a HORRIBLE experience with the wireless card in this networking kit--all because my laptop runs on Win 98 SE! Although it claims 
sorry - big step back. Service from Amazon was great,better than expected. This antenna however was useless to me. Standard omni ant gave 1 to 2 bars. My 7 dB 
Very disappointing. Not only is the microphone not Mac compatible as stated in another review, unfortunately posted after my purchase , the entire headset is incompatible with some cellphones as 
LOVES TO EAT PAPER. I ve had this scanner for 6 months now. It worked OK the first month, but since then it loves to eat paper. It scans multiple 
DO NOT BUY!!!. Died after 6 months, could not configure. Would only reset to default config which gave no security. Worthless. Support was BAD!! Never again for Netgear products!  
dissapointing. I record dvd movies as a hobby and am always looking for better media, software etc.- I d been using Ridata for some time w next to no coasters 
Beware of Mail-in Rebate Hoax. The card works as advertised but SanDisk does not send in Mail-in-Rebate. Even though I mailed it in with the UPC Barcode, SanDisk sent me 
Stopped working almost immediately. Extremely disappointed, especially after having done a lot of research and read the great reviews that this product and the Axion 7 player received.I bought it 
Looks great, but beware... Wish I had bought this from Amazon; I paid 20 more for it at Staples. This pack is cushiony & great looking with lots of pockets, 
This product has serious deficiencies. Jewel Cases are diffucult to open and are extremely fragile  
Freezes and tech help not good. I purchased dvd express and it never worked. I spent endless time with tech support. The old story about, It must be your computer. 
Garbage!. To back up my personal DVD collection I burned 200 discs. 100 on these Memorex DVD R s, 100 on Philips DVD R s. EVERY Memorex had flaws during 
RIPOFF!! Bad Deal Here. I got the printer only to find that it doesn t come with a cord to connect it to your computer. After wasting my time going 
Slow, slow and SLOW!. Do NOT buy this product. It is incredibly slow, by far the slowest USB drive out of the dozen or so that I ve used. It 
Has to be one of the worst products on the market!. This router has to be one of the worst made products on the market, and has the poor customer 
there are better options. I purchased this case to store my DVDs along with the inner and outer liner notes. Unfortunately, the sleeves are only large enough to hold in 
First Amazon disappointment. I ordered this item, as I have many items from Amazon and it did not arrive after two months. I cancelled the order  
Caused system instability. I bought the Belkin N1 wireless router and this notebook card in the hopes of obtaining a usable signal several rooms away from the router. The router 
Did not perform as advertised. This unit failed to provide reliable power to my new Toshiba Satellite A60 laptop. It cycled on and off every 3 seconds. It powered a 
waste. this heater is very quiet, but it never turns on. I basically have to use the manual option. The heater hardly turns on..don t count on the themostat.  
Disappointed to say the least ... I should have saved my money on this one. I bought it thinking it was a belt-clip carrying case. My mistake!!! If you need 
Too small for most computers. I would not recommend this unit for most computers as the battery is too small to provide reasonable runtime. Under a 200W load it only 
Returning it tomorrow. I m trying to replace my IOGEAR MiniView Micro 2-Port KVM Switch with a four-seat KVM. A four port version of the one I already enjoy, from 
Worst Media Ever -- Made by CMC Magnetics!. These Verbatim discs are hands down the very WORST blank media I ve EVER encountered! They re made by CMC Magnetics -- 
This product doesn t work on my board and is supports a short list of boards. Can someone tell me what boards can I buy for this memory  
No PC Driver Support From Olympus. AS the other reviewer mentions, the sound quality is mediocre at best. What is really terrible, however, is the lack of support from Olympus. 
scanning and faxing work 1 4 the time. If you just want this for a printer, its a dandy little machine. If you want to use this for business, be 
Hawking Hi-Gain is really a No-Gain. I would have to agree with the majority of assessment of this product on Amazon: this product fails on every count.1. Most significantly, product 
Stop and Save your money. I waited a while before submitting a review to give this unit a good try. I already had a portable unit Garmin but wanted an 
service and product terrible. bought the cable after 1 printing the USB connection failed, so called manufacturer he said cable was broken and gave me a RMA, Emailed tiger they 
APC 350ES - Very poor UPS. I had the same experience as the reviewer on 11 17 2005. I tested the UPS by shutting off the power at the breaker. 
Nice concept but terrible reality. I brought the 2200T in November 2006 after having my Magellan 700 760 stolen from my car. It barely last a month. From day one 
Sucky. This DVD player was fine for the first few months that I had it but then it started not recognizing disks and now it won t recognize any disks 
good sound, terrible feel. It s true what has already been said: the sounds in these headphones is better than expected, but I thought the above reviews under-emphasized the other 
disappointed in lexmark p450. I was very disappointed in the Lexmark P450 printer. The colors were very dull and the picture quality were definitely not up to the Lexmark standards 
Inadequently Represented. This product did arrive in good condition, for that I will award two stars.This product represents little information of what it does. I believe it only works with 
DOCK is a WASTE. This dock was a waste for me. It came with the Home AV Pack. I wanted a durable zune case that would look good and protect 
The Newer Maxell are now Junk CD s. I used to buy these all the time. They were made in Japan and had a bluish dye to them, and when 
disappointing - poor design. Shortly after I began using my head phones, I noticed the wiring at the hinges was starting to crack the wire coating. Within 8 months of 
BUGS OF PREVIOUS YEAR MODEL STILL PRESENT. I have owned the DMR-ES40V for over 6 months. It is a combo DVD VCR unit. I have had sufficient time to become 
Defective. I read the instructions. Inserted a tape. It made a horrible noise.No matter what button I pushed, nothing worked, just more noise. Then the noise stopped, and it won 
Not well made, hard to use...already broken. I think this is a waste of money. I wanted a cheapie CD player for my daughter to listen to CDs...haven t even 
check w the manufacturer. Check that this fits your plasma or LCD before you buy. It s not so universal as they say. It didn t fit my Philips 42PF7320A 
Bad Design. The iRock s sound quality is on par for most of these FM transmitters, they all sound bad. I was aware of the sound limitations when I bought 
Can t use Shuffle lanyard when using this skin. What this product description doesn t mention is that you must use the included Speck USB cap when using the Skin 
Broke very easily. The extendable arm breaks very easily. I had two of them and they both broke within the first month. The company does have a 3 month warranty 
Disappointing. I put this cover on immediately after I opened my iPod after reading how easy they are to scratch. I ve never had my iPod without the cover on 
Looks good, but very wobbly. This stand looks okay but it is very unstable. When I put my monitor on it it took 20 seconds to stop wobbling. Very unsturdy 
Beware of DRM file formats. After careful consideration of sites like Napster and other download music file To-Go types. The iAudioX5 will not be recognized or music files DRM will 
Junk. Bought my Go510 on November 14 as a Christmas present for the wife. It comes with only 90 days of warranty. Today is April 6 and the thing is 
Doesn t live up to the specs on the box. Gigabit? The speeds are about 5-6 megabytes per second. Does that sound like Gigabit?Since it is a file server you 
It Does not Work with Macs. They totally misrepresent this product. It does not work with Macs. I feel cheated and lied to by Memorex, shame on you  
Not worth the money. I got this for christmas 2004. Played 5 DVD s on it and started to get the &quot;No Disk&quot; reading. I only had it for 1 
Familiarity breeds contempt. I wanted to give this calculator higher marks. On paper it appears to have alot going for it:o two line displayo editable equation historyo persistent function memories 
Do not buy this camera. My 3220G died as soon as I applied the latest firmware. I had first tried the 6620G 750! and it froze up constantly, lost its 
poor reception and constant static. this phone has constant static and very poor reception, it constantly makes a clicking soun  
Poor Quality from Sony. I didn t like the TV, HD sound was not working.HD picture quality is poor, improper color display. On the whole its a not good product 
Poor. Not nearly as good as the 25 earphones that come with the IPod. I listen to lots of classical music and wanted some quality earphones for my new IPod. 
AWFUL reception! Barely a mile. I just purchased these in part due to the relatively decent reviews and for the rechargeable aspect, features and brand-name. Took them out to test 
RECEIVED BAD SERVICE. AMAZON FAIL TO DELIVER ITEM WITHIN A REASONABLE TIME. THE ITEM FAIL TO ARRIVE AND THEREFORE WE NEVER RECEIVED THE GOOD  
Poor compatibility, poor customer service. Switch did not work with my Samsung 191T monitor. Customer service people were slow to respond and were not helpful  
Please, Don t buy this product, if you what to config VPN. No support available for VPN config.Wasted 60 man hours configuring VPN, not working as of now.Looks like this 
I miss my stowaway. I bought this as a replacement for my stowaway when I replaced my Palm m105 with an HP IPAQ. The palm-stowaway combination was an excellent portable 
Waste of money. Ok, never buy electronics online. I first ordered this tablet online, and when I got it, it installed just fine, however, the pen was not working. Had 
 This is not compactible for the 80gb video Ipod. . This is the description for this item.Eforcity s Black Aluminum Case for Apple iPod Video 30GB 60GB 80GB Models 
Just Smears Dirt Around. To start off with, It s hard to start the wipes through the hole in the cap. You have to take the cap off and then 
wizcom quicklink elite pen scannner. Have to have it and use it to write a review, Don t you think;Sorr  
Small but deadly. Being a graduate student and living in an apartment, I was hoping to find a cheap printer that would allow me to print off course materials and 
BETTER STAY AWAY FROM LOW QUALITY CARDS. I considered this card to shoot a wedding because being short on cash it seemed like a good value, I researched a few 
Buyer beware. I returned this contract and asked for a refund but NEW ignored my first two emails. Then I called them and they informed me of their shady business 
Worked great for a couple of days.... I was so excited about how great this product worked when I got it. I had purchased the FM transmitter for my wife 
Promising prototype; poor finished product. For me the main drawback of this unit as a clock radio lies in the primitive interaction between the radio and clock. It is basically 
SONY ALARM CLOCK RADIO. This is the second Sony cube clock radio I have owned.. The first one lasted 25 yrs. I see the improvements made.. I like everything better 
Important Note: NOT SATA HARD DRIVE. I thought that this was an SATA hard drive because the label is ATA 100, but is in in fact an EIDE hard drive, 
Very poor performance. Quality is OK for antenna, but design just does not work. Glass mounts just don t provide any xmit power. GO magnetic mount. You ll be much 
Mediocre sound quality, questionable reliability, weak radio reception. I bought this stereo because of its relatively small size and stylish appearance and because it had aux inputs for me to 
IM AN IDIOT FOR BUYING THIS. Ok so, so i ordered this thing on the 10th and it just arived today 19th nine days later, of course the last day 
BSOD with Installation. I, too, experienced the Blue Screen of Death on my laptop which has XP pro on it. I had to uninstall the card software in order to 
Well built, poorly suited. I purchased this game pad due to good reviews.Found it online for 15 with free shipping so had to try myself.Its true its built well and 
A Real Lemon - Returned the Product. I used the FR114P for a couple of days before returning it. I had to reboot the router every day to re-gain connectivity 
It doesn t work. I bought this product to help cleaning the lense of my auto cd player. I tried it for at least 10 times, but no luck. Wet 
I rate this below consumer reports glowing review. I purchased this product partially on the recommendation of consumer reports. Looking back, I would have gone further and NOT bought it. 
Total Rip Off. The other negative reviews are correct. Too small, can t see screen, the fit is so tight it affects the wheel. I spent 30 dollars on a 
Horrible dvd player. It constantly paused and froze up playing brand new dvds i bought at best buy. Gave me headache just watching it, that I started renting vhs tapes 
SanDisk SDDR-103 MobileMate - good luck. The reader didn t read my 2G MiniSD. I have another reader that does so I dumped the MobileMate and took the lost  
Good potential, but nasty. The Tomtom has great features. But I returned mine. First, the maps are very dated. This makes it iffy at best. It has terrific potential, if 
Terrible, absolutely Terrible. I think this is the same razor as the more expensive stand clean razor. I have a light beard and this razor takes twice as long as 
The colors are great but kills budget system performance.... I purchased this AGP to run 3d software occasionally and not really for games. I updated the BIOS, DirectX, and video 
Don t waste your money like I did. I purchased the Cyberpad 8.5x11 digital Notepad with the expectation that I would be able to digitize my sketches and notes I 
Don t buy. Terrible terrible product. Like so many others in these reviews I should have read them first! , I can categorically say that this is one of the 
Looks Good, Needs A Lot of Attention. Brought this home and immediately there are problems: it will only work if the unit is tilted. So I put a napkin folded 
Doesn t support Explorist GPS units. This software does NOT support the Explorist series from Magellan. For that you need Magellan DirectRoute v3.0, which is part number 980654-04. Amazon doesn 
worthless. Bought this player to amuse a 3 year old on a plane ride, worked the whole trip just fine, got home just stopped working. gives the error of wrong 
Avoid this product. I have had the unfortunate experience of dealing with 3 of these at the office. Each one is plagued with the activity lights flashing constantly when there 
The Tablet. I received this tablet and it looked real good I loved it --I pluged it in to the computer and put CD s in and nothing--the CD s 
Case Logic Needs Better Designers, FAST!. I really need binders that can hold more discs as my collection grows and as so many new DVD releases are multiple disc sets, 
Does not support windows 98. The product description says: Includes drivers for Mac OS 9.1 and later, and for Windows 95 98 ME 2000 This is a lie. Once you 
Ok...for short periods. I have used this mouse for 3 months with my laptop. Look feel and general use are fine for short periods of time ~&lt; 1 hour . 
Twice Smitten. I bought this Linksys router on the advice of a salesman at CompUSA. It was what I was looking for and I had had success with Linksys products 
memorex blank dvd s. In each pack there have been several dvd s that aren t any good. Too many bad discs in my opinio  
cheap. Upon my first use of this cute little flash drive, it broke. The yellow cover broke off and wouldn t go back on. I would not recommend it. I 
Garbage. I suffered with this clock for a year because it was a gift and expensive. Even on the lowest setting the blue glow is so bright my finace says 
My Opinion. I am less than pleased with this product. The buttons on the player for operating the CD are stiff. The location of the cassette player on the top 
Brother - Never again!!!. I was with HP for 15-20 years, needed MFP read all reviews here and decided that MFC-8860DN will be a good choice other option was HP 
Very Disapponted - Does not work, etc. I had previously purchased an HWU54D and love it ! This model never functioned properly and the software could not be completely removed 
This thing sucks. While I m driving, this thing doesn t work at all. There s tons of static and the music cuts out all the time. The only time 
Warning this is not a car holder. If you are buying this thinking that you will be able to use this to mount your Magellan into another car, forget it. 
Tape reel sticks; does not spin. I couldn t get this cassette adapter to work in my car. Upon investigation, I found that the tape reel sticks, and doesn t 
Nice while it lasted. I bought this mouse a couple months ago to use with my MacBook Pro. I loved it, until a couple days ago when it decided to 
CAUTION: Only 1 Star for PowerPoint Presentations. Unfortunately, this projector comes up very short for PowerPoint presentations because of the 800x600 resolution. As a result, the images are blurry and 
hype. Bought new ear piece for new ipod. Had Koss plugs. Panasonics are awful. Tried all the sizes. Guess I don t have the right ears for these.Koss plugs are 
Need help finding HP Inks.... Dear Sir Madam: Its very difficult to email you regarding things I can t find.! Or you don t sell? I am looking for HP 
Save your money!. Heavy, Short Battery Life, Rechargeable Batteries last a couple of months then need replacing. I do not recommend this product  
print heads are duds. I have had this printer for more than a year. At first, it was a great printer. Not anymore!! It uses up ink like no other, 
Not Compatible!. I was hoping, and was led to believe by the listing, that this item could be used with a MAC and a PC. THIS IS NOT THE CASE! 
Unless you want to clean it everyday, find a different one... I bought this humidifier for the same reasons as many other reviewers, and was happy with it for the 
this system blows not in a good way . do not buy this system. for the money there are much better systems out there.I bought this for my family room 
terrible, worst than original stylus. The replacement stylus is terrible, much lower quality than the original stylus that comes with the LD. The replacement telescoping top is too loose, and 
stayaway from it. i have so for used inav iguidance,mapopolis,navigon navigator 5 and The Blue Logger & Street Atlas USA .out of all these The Blue Logger & Street Atlas 
October 2006. This dvd player is potentially a great, cheap and versatile machine BUT...The two i bought from Worldwide Distributers were faulty. I have a friend who owns a CH-DVD 
Need warranty repair........forget it. Purchased this TV from Walmart, on Feb 1 st. On Feb 13, took it to the repair shop for warranty repair. Was told after 5 days, 
Won t sync as advertised. This is a nice organizer for the price. Easy to use and has all the basic features, but it wouldn t synchronize with Outlook 2003 
Buyer Beware. I ordered the Colby CX-CD241 portable CD player for my 8 year old nephew -- along with a CD - for his birthday. When it arrived, the AM 
Look elsewhere for better values. When you move significantly above the 100 mark with headphones, one naturally expects superior sound and build quality - things that can be found with 
Big hands beware... also Mac OS X users . I was hopeful about using this mouse for gaming, and its response time did deliver. It is more precise in it 
RCA Wireless Headphones. Can t evaluate, UPS could not access our area due to snow, road closures so apparently the UPS driver UPS mailed the original, soft-wraped-shipped headphones by regular 
Horrible CD player. Well, maybe I should give it two stars because of the four units I tested in Target this one definitely sounded the best. HOWEVER, the CD player 
DOESNT MAKE SENSE TO BUY. GET A PS3 60 gig version.. IT has this technology built right in plus u get the best gaming system on earth till 2011.OH YEA 
No Sound. You only have three choices of stations to use for transmission, two of which were already occupied. The third station should have worked but we were only able 
Never could get my computer to recognize this player. I have a 2 gb player, which I like. I wanted a player with more capacity, so I ordered the 8 
Very Disappointing Product. This product looks and feels very flimsy. Do not be fooled by the flashy, metallic-looking picture. The plastic shell of this device is the quality of McDonald 
A waste of money. I bought the WinTV tuner to use primarily as a video capture card. Frankly, I believe using a computer as a TV monitor is a waste 
good pack for the money, but... I had to spend the same amount of money fixing a tuning problem on the guitar and changing the string  
save your money. seldom do i write a review downgrading a product but this one is truly the exception. i bought this one on ebay and thought i was getting 
This product is great; etronics is the worst!. While the quality of this product is great, I highly recommend you find ANY other source to purchase than etronics! All the 
Intermittently working. I just purchased a set of two 4 channel Westinghouse intercoms and they worked only intermittently. If I tipped one of the units, it worked sometimes, as though 
not so great. I wear these headphones at work for several hours a day, and I don t find them very comfortable for extended use. The wire that is hidden 
USB Bluetooth Receiver WORTHLESS. The included receiver has very limited range. If you already have another receiver I did you might be able to live with this set.There is no 
Good but can t see the keys anymore. This is a great idea, very useful to protect your keyboard. I think that computer companies should always integrate this kind of 
Not very ergonomic at all. If the thing actually fit my ear, I m sure I would have loved it. This headset wants a bigger ear than I have, that 
Wow, THAT Much?. My father needed a 3.5 drive to recover some old files on floppy disk.Why did this thing have to cost more than a spindle of DVD-R s?Because 
Poor Quality. The mouse works fine. The keypad is pretty much crap. The rubber anti-skid things on the bottom came off the first time I used it and the plus 
NO FLASH BUTTON ON HANDSET!. I bought the KX-TG5571 and an extra handset after being so pleased with it spredecessor KX-TG5471.The 5571 handset does not have a FLASH BUTTON!What you 
Too Small. The case is too small.It just fits the laptop with no place for laptop accessories.Not even for laptop battery.I wouldnt suggest this case  
Unreliable product and unresponsive customer service. After less than one week of use, I am forced to return this product due to its inability to maintain a reliable network connection. 
I really wanted to like these... ... but I ll be returning the third set in a month. First set headband broke two days in. Second, microphone didn t exist 
Very poor FM reception and not usable walking or jogging. Reception is only acceptable if you are seated with the headphone antenna adjusted to maximize signal strength  
Channel did not work. One of the most essential buttons on any remote is the Channel button and it did not work straight out of the box. I returned it.Beyond 
paint wears off keys after 4 months of use. Just like others have stated. The paint comes off the keys after a few months of use. You would think logitech 
Microsoft B5W-00001 Wireless Notebook Laser Mouse 6000. One of the worst pieces of hardware I ve purchased in the past two years.Short on features functions.Short on range.Suggest buyers consider Logitech 
Will not help with car stereos. I cannot help but wonder how this device helped two other people who used it on car stereos. Car CD players have a front 
Disappointed. I purchased 4 of these units and 3 were either DOA or had to be returned because of assorted defects. I replaced them with the media Carousels by Ziotek. 
Poor radio, small buttons. I purchased the Rino 130 specifically because it also had the radio and NOAA features. Fortunately I read the other reviews on this model as well 
waste of money. You ll end up looking for something better. Sound fidelity is pretty bad.  
Time in one small package. Ok maybe it was in the fine print or something but this alarm clock is TINY! I didn t realize it would be so small. 
Don t expect any support when it stops working. I bought version 2.5 of this card to run on XP. Linksys claimed that they really support XP, although the install 
SW Won t Run on all Computers. I have a fairly new computer Fujitsu S7110 laptop and this SW won t run on it. It installs without any error. Clicking 
Worthless!. Sony Premium Grade T-120 VHS Tapes used to be pretty darn good.These days that is not the case.The past few times that I have bought these tapes to record 
expensive and no good. I must say I bit into this Senheiser scheme. I paid a lot of money on a product that should not cost that much.First of all 
needs TWO USB slots... i bought this to replace an 80gb portable firewire drive. wanted more capacity and the same convenient portability. there s nothing convenient about its need for 
Tivoli subwoofer sounds more like a chihuahua than a bulldog. I have my Tivoli model 2, which I love, hooked up through an inexpensive home theater system and it sounds 
Eugh - Yuk!. Some of you guys must have some crummy soundcards installed on your machines if this widget sounds better than your stock unit.In theory of course, the AA 
Hypersensitive and bascially doesn t work. I bought this DVD player for the multi-region capabilities but I now have a much bigger problem: I can t watch ANY of my 
Did Not Work. This product does not work at all. I called tech support and they agree. They told me to send it back and get another one. I did. 
Dont even think about it..... I had been using philips adapter that i got from Walmart and was quite satisfied with it until the wire broke when it got entangled. 
Don t be fooled by the 1100mAh rating. I bought a couple of these Nikon EN-EL1 Konica Minolta NP-800 equivalent batteries for my Konica Minolta A200 camera. Their performance is 
prepare to lose your data!. I have about 200 live concerts that I burned onto TDK discs about 3 years ago. None of them are playable now. Going forward, I 
Good idea, but caveat emptor!. These do work great for organizing CDs and DVDs, and I do still use them, but I found that the two inside CDs DVDs can 
Great service if you never plan on canceling. I have been a subscriber for 4 years. Back in November my account was turned off due to a billing issue. The 
nothing but problems... I bought this television in December. The problems occurred in March. I made a request to have a repairman come and he basically replaced everything in the 
Junk. This is the worst pice of electronics I ever bought. Started falling apart after few days only. Battery life is a joke.Software that comes with it is totally unfriendly 
Won t work on the Zire 71. What a waste of money! Yes it will load. It has great graphics. But you can t control the games. Instructions are almost 
iHome is a disappointment. So when I first got the iHome for Christmas, I loved it. Well, I loved it in spite of the glaring bright light, that even at 
If you enjoy static, this is the phone for you!. I ve had this phone for approx. 9 months now, maybe longer...and I truly don t know how I ve 
DO NOT USE AS A DATA DRIVE!!. I have been a long time user of Sony s minidisc equipment. I mainly liked the removable media feature. For about 3, I 
Great TV for the Price. I like the fact that you can save money with not having a tuner that you do not need. The Monitor is light and was 
This product doesn t work. I bought a Netgear WG311T wireless card to replace one from another manufacturer that had failed. First, I coudln t get a connection to the 
Unacceptable. This model was intended as a replacement for my not-very-old and yet quite functional Panasonic PM-series stereo. This is the kind of thing that happens when you browse Amazon 
look out!. mine blew up the batteries, what a mess. called eton, they said never heard of this happening. took it back for a refund. now i hear a recall 
poor quality control. These cases are O.K. but fragile. If you drop one, it s trashed. My main complaint is that only 40 of them are useable. I bought mine 
Roll the dice, this one is a gamble. I purchased this item and one month later I still have not received any paperwork. I emailed and have not received a 
Almost... The duet mic worked for a few sessions. Then it just did not sync with its master unit. I had to return it.Amazon customer service was great and I 
Not worth the money. It s no wonder the product description was so sparse. What I got was a small piece of thin plastic the size of the screen and 
Good idea poor design poor implementation. I have had my Nuvi for approx 6 to 7 months and overall I am somewhat satified. Initally I could see no flaws it 
Not for Comcast Motorola DVR users. Start off with the bad news. I have a Motorola DVR Converter box with my Comcast cable service, and the Comcast remote sends the 
Ordered 2 ten packs, tried 3 different chargers, only 4 batteries worked. I had heard some good things about Lenmar nimh batteries about two years ago - but had bought 
Don t buy this junk. I bought this and within ten minutes it failed. I was completely dissappointed with this purchase. I loved the concept, but the product is cheap 
Far too overpriced for this length!! You shouldn t spend more than 10. Much like the previous reviewer I urge you not to spend lots of money on HDMI cables. 
Great product... at first. This is the same unit that HP sells, but has Lite on do its support. Great unit for about a month. Support is not good.  
Poor Quality and Poor Service. My wife purchased this cordless phone set for me as a Christams present. Since putting it in operation over two months ago I have had 
Iriver products lack Plug and Play with Macs. I have an Iriver T10 and there is virtually no software to support the USB plug and play interface that Mac owners 
Low price doesn t make up for poor quality. I was looking for an inexpensive way to store homemade cd s so I chose this item. I would estimate that 
Thought it was great...until a month later. This item was working fine for about one month. Then it stopped functioning. My computer and several others I tried as a double 
Great TV when it worked. Bought this TV in September, worked perfectly until it died unexpectedly in February. Called service at Samsung, they assigned it to a local repair person. 
Not a quality product at all. First off the company I work for ordered three of these. One out of the three did not work. There is no sound comming 
Adequate at low power. This system does an adequate, but not great, job of decoding digital S PDIF audio with volume adjust for center, surround, and subwoofer. It has several 
FAILURE. Out of the box, one of the two radios is not sending nor receiving Everything else is working but it does not pick up a signal. Like if you 
Poor Quality. Unlike many reviewers, I had no real issue with the installation process. I have installed many Linksys products on my wireless network, and a few minutes of reading 
In review of the seller. I placed an order for this Kingston memory stick only to have my order cancelled without explanation. Very lousy customer service  
DON T BUY THIS ADAPTOR!. As many of the other reviews here have stated, the thing falls apart very easily. Mine worked until I had to move the Tivo. The 
Junk!. Replaced first spindle and still junk. Will always stick with Verbatim from now on  
short bulb life. Rated as 3000 hour bulb life when purchased, today they claim 4000 hours.Bulb lasted only 900 hours. Service at unfocused does not care about creating a satisfied 
Customer Centres are no good. It was a nice little thing for a couple of months. After that it just froze. Aparently that happens often with COWAN where s the 
Twin pack is overpriced!. The price for the twinpack 67.52 is more than twice the price of two single packs 24.57 each . 24.57 x 2 = 49.14Buy two of 
Garbage!. My last Uniden phone. I ve been disappointed before by Uniden so I m not sure why I even botherd with this phone. Poor quality sound - always some 
Good idea poor excecution. This product only works for light scratches and greasy dirt and grime. It could be better if the polishing heads rotated at a much faster speed 
You get what you paid for!. I was a little disappointed with this item. I was expecting the item being more sturdy, it seems to me that the turntable is 
Impossible To set up. I spent two days tried to have it formatted by my Powerbook G4 and set up a wireless network to replace my Microsoft wireless router. No 
stay away... recent quality is TERRIBLE. I ve previously purchased Memorex media DVD R and have not had any problems until recently. My latest purchase has given me infinitely more 
Not for the iAudio Like Amazon Claims!. I purchased an iAudio U2 MP3 player for someone as a gift. On Amazon, they recommend this case as an accessory. As already 
review of Netgear WG602. In an attempt to increase the range on my Netgear MR 314 router, I got this WG602 access point but I could not get it to 
Unreliable. This printer is capable of producing high quality documents. But it frequently jams and requires surgery through the back door to get out tiny scraps of paper. Often I 
no good. i bought this humidifier reading the reviews here. but when i actually used for a few days, i found that it provided no relief from dryness while sleeping 
The absolute in wireless GARBAGE!. When we brought this home and took it out of the box we were rather impressed with the sleek design and the Cisco label. When 
I was disappointed with this tuner and wound up returning it. At first, I looked forward to having one of the few HD tuners out on the market. However, once 
Terrible!!! BEWARE!!!. Pros: Uses less batteries than the Space Shuttle... 6 AAs Great idea gone to H quickly due to LACK OF PRODUCT SUPPORT! Apparently the person in charge of 
Not good!. Very clear image! Probably the best that I saw on this kind devices! No software availble. Device is useless if You do not have Windows Media OS. Absolutely 
Mine was DOA too. How do I assign a rating? As several other people have experienced, my unit is also DOA. I received it, plugged it in, pressed clean , 
Low Life. At the same time that I purchased the Axion AXN6070A 7 Portable DVD Player for my kids, I also purchased the Phillips PET824 8.5 portable DVD player for 
too slow and ugly accuracy. I bought one, and used for only 2 days, and then decided to return it. The turnaround time is too long. Reading speed as well 
Video and Audio Out of Sync. Save yourself time and aggravation and DON T BUY THIS PRODUCT! I bought this to put home movies on DVD. Almost every time I 
Comes with a Self Destruct. I had my Pink iPod mini since Feb. 2005. It was fine until it died the next year on the exact day I got it, 
NOT THE CORRECT MODEL!. I ordered the TRU9460-2 and Amazon sent me the TRU9465 which is what the picture is of on this Web page . I spoke to customer 
Sanrio should know better. Forget the terrible layout, labeling and location of buttons. Forget the fact that the cover won t close if the mic stands are in place. Forget 
KC-36IP Ink Paper Set. Got two and neither would work. Both looked like they had been used and were empty. Lots of paper but no ink to print with  
Intermittently working. I just purchased a set of two 4 channel Westinghouse intercoms and they worked only intermittently. If I tipped one of the units, it worked sometimes, as though 
Going downhill. I find it strange that the Memorex DVD-RW reviews here are favorable, while at the same time the Memorex DVD RW reviews complain of bad media.Last year I 
I cannot believe the gall. I ordered this TV model 32DF46 as listed here on 11 8 06. Amazon TWICE delivered the older model model # 32D46 , which I 
This product corrupted my boot sector. When this jumpdrive was plugged into my Windows 2000 system, the software that it loads corrupted the boot sector of my hard drive. The 
Haven t actually gotten my real WinTV-PVR-150 yet. No, it s not Amazon. Amazon sent me what they thought was a real PVR-150, since Hauppauge says so on the box. 
Another dissatisfied customer. Not only was this difficult to set up even a generally polite but sadly ill-informed technical helper from Belkin was baffled regarding the simplest steps and keyphrases 
Stopped working after two months. I saw several people state that this product stopped working after a short while, but it seemed like a reputable company, and I liked the 
NO BATTERY BACK UP!!. We bought this clock radio, got it home, set it up, realized that it didn t have battery back up, called Sony only to find out 
Wrong product description. After 2 bad Linksys routers and many hours on the phone with their tech support and being told that I must have had 2 bad routers from 
Buyers Beware!. Buyers beware! I have never written or posted a consumer rating in my life. I am so disappointed with Vonage s overall customer service; I feel that I 
Auto feeder does not work well. We ve had this machine for 2 years, and the automatic feeder started its problems. Whenever we try to use it for muliple-page faxing 
Would not buy it again. Works in 02 Suburban. Gain is too high and not adjustable, so when changing tfrom radio ro CD to ipod, it blasts you with volume 
Don t buy until you read this!. I purchased this unit shortly before last Christmas. Initially the unit worked fine and the sound was acceptable. Within a month the unit 
Totally Frustrated. I received this item and it proved to be defective. I have returned the original item and Amazon has been promising me that they would ship the replacement 
Watch your pricing!. Started to order this item at the listed price of 299. On checkout the price was 320 - plus 22 more for handling and shipping  
Defective. I got this for X-mas plugged it in and the sound was great then I attached my ipod and the volume stopped working, I disconnected it and then unpluged 
Woof. The radio dials are not accessible when the radio is in the case -- I cut slits in the case with a knife to be able to tune the 
Frustrating way to watch video. I had been using a Hauppauge MediaMVP Digital Media Receiver Model 1000 and quite happy with this 99 device. I was able to play my 
Be Carefull. Be carefull, make sure this is the upgraded unit, that came out recently. No reason to buy the old original one, because of many flaws in design.  
Not meant for working out!!!. Well I now have a handle for my 250 I-Pod Nano. The arm snug would be a great idea if they maybe thought about who 
Won t do slides unless you re willing to unmount them. Just a heads-up for people looking to use this scanner to scan slides. You will have to unmount the 
Panasonic couldn t locate a replacement part. I surely wouldn t reccomend buying this dinosaur. Bought it online and it never did work. Panasonic support was as bad as it 
Does not fit Explorist XL. Title says it all. Returned it. There was not caveat with respect to the XL although did come across some other sites that highlighted the 
Decent player with problematic Audible file implementation. I was looking for a do-it-all player for music, voice and audiobooks. Although the iRiver T30 handles the first two functions pretty well, 
Spend a little more... I bought this to record Tivo DVR stuff to DVD. Worst frame rate capture and audio capture of .avi s of the four different devices I 
1 star seems to nice. This was the first it what seems to be an endless quest for a good working radio. It was hard to get the stations in 
Not for use on Treadmill. I bought these headphones to watch TV while on the treadmill. They don t work at all for that purpose. Interference from the motor causes 
worked great at first...... When I purchased these batteries, I was very pleased, but that wore off after a couple of months. I don t use my camera all that 
Chinese made Junk - save your money!. I was tempted by the cheap price and got myself a 10 pack. They are rated at 2000 mAh, but run out of 
Cheap Product!. This adapter seems pretty cheaply made. No matter which stereo I use it with, the music only comes out of the right speaker, so music with a lot 
I paid 76 dollars for this?. Pleasant to the eye, pretty sturdy construction, small, but only uses 4 out of 5 shelves if you want to use it for DVDs! 
Still Getting Telemarketer Calls!. The TeleZapper has been a very poor substitute for Ameritech s Privacy Manager which worked 100 of the time. The Telezapper may have reduced some of 
Caveat Emptor. I cannot speak for all devices, but this was a total failure in my case. I am a fast typist, and it seemed that about 20 of the 
Junk! Absolute Junk! All 3 of them!!!. I purchased 1 of the old model when I bought my ipod. As hard as I tried I was unable to switch stations 
Just return my money. I have already returned the wrong items you sent me. just return my money please  
It is very hard to update the remote due to software glitches. It is very hard to update the remote. Very seldom we can delete and if there are two 
Review of Amazon process, not the product. Hello,I purchased the AVIC-D2, XM and the iPod kit from Amazon. I then went to my local installer and confirmed with them that 
NOT EVEY GOOD ENOUGH TO BE A TOY. I AM VERY UNHAPPY ABOUT THIS, I NEED TO BUY A GOOD NAME BRAND FOR AN INSTRUMENT. THIS IS POOR QUALITY AND 
Dangerous... I used a previous Olympus DVR model very happily for a year before losing it. I used to operate it while driving, taking notes, reviewing notes, erasing what I 
Not my favorite headphones. I have to confess right now, I m not an audoiaphobe or whatever it s called . I just wanted relatively inexpensive headphones to plug into 
Works great for a few months then it is crap!. Easy to set up and worked great for 2 months then it just stopped working. Horrible customer service! Will never 
the touch screen sucks. i bought this organizer cos i saw the previous reviews saying its cheap and good but it really sucks when i first used it. the touchscreen 
Try something else. I bought a Garmin RINO 130 specifically for a mountain climbing trip to Mt. Fuji and the altimeter, compass and go-to features failed. Even manually recalibrating the 
adapter card. I had trouble with installing the firewire port. I did not get any help with the company.  
Goes kaput quickly after normal use. This device worked great for a short span of time a few weeks , then just stopped working. I returned it to Amazon and 
power adapter. Good thing I read reviews prior to purchasing power adapter. Thanks to 3 of 5 reviews, I found that the adapter recommended on this website, for the model 
Please don t Buy a Zune. I bought the Zune around Christmas time of 2006. I used it on a daily basis and was happy with it. Early in April, 
Customer Service Nightmare. Product came DOA - software wouldn t load. Called technical support who 3 times said they would email the download, but their English wasn t good enough 
Having Problems!. When trying to download information to the Ipod, I keep getting error messages reading Ipod is corrupt and it asks me to restore the Ipod. Sometimes the software 
Expensive, doesn t work with plain paper and ink is painful to find. The Epson R2400 is a purely Photo Printer. Be sure to understand this before you buy. So 
This Emergency Radio will let you down when you need it most!. The Antenas on this unit are so small they might as well not be there. If you live 
CMC disks are crap. I would avoid these discs. I have been using these discs for some time doing backups. Recently, I ve had a few problems and decided to 
Never again. Four months ago, I used this product and had no problems except the finished CDs did not play in one person s car player. With this stack every 
Use it carefully. First of all, as proved by many computer experts, the performance Wi-Fi and 802.11x devices are far less reliable than 10 100 1000 Mbps 802.3 Ethernet NICs. 
Be very careful. I was wrongly advised by tech support to buy this instead of waiting for a new supply of power supplies from Voodoo. Be sure your computer is 
Poor design, lots of false alerts. I purchased this to replace my 10 year-old Bel 846i, and was really disappointed.It is difficult to tell in the picture, but the portion 
Beware the line of products. There is an entire series of these cameras produced by Dlink, which can be grouped into one product line. This being the most expensive of 
terrible!. Bad bad bad. I m not sure exactly what is wrong with these discs, whether it is flimsy material or an asymmetrical center but they are not reliable. I 
I wish there were negative stars.... The DVDs are a rip-off, although I m counting on the REBATE to at least break even not counting my time .The DVD player 
Unreliable. I ordered this DVD player so I wouldn t wear down my Xbox by playing movies on it all the time. I didn t have any of the audio 
Worst item ever!. I recently bought this card to add on to my HP desktop computer. The card went in easy enough, but that s when the problems started. I 
Note Type M and H xd cards are incompatible with some card readers!. Note Type M and H xd cards are incompatible with some card readers!I have a Fuji camera 
Not quite as advertised. I have a Dell laptop. This inverter provides sufficient power to recharge the battery while I drive. But it cuts out if I try to turn 
There are better choices available. My unit failed after one day of use never even got to the field. Plugged it in to charge it overnight and next day only 
Unit added noise to line, but works like regular phone even without a land line. Maybe I got a defective one, but there was a slight humming sound even before 
PIECE OF S t !. THE BELT CLIP IS LOSE AFTER HAVING IT FOR 1 MONTH CAN NOT ATTACH TO PANTS HAVE TO HOLD IT IN MY HANDS  
Canon S530D Review. This printer prints fast but the quality is poor. Consumer reports rates it a best buy but I disagree. Pictures come out very graney and its almost 
Great design, but &quot;fragile&quot;. I bought this product because I m impressed with the feature it has, and as a customer support engineer I need the computer case that has 
it s horrible. it s horrible.. you imagine that now you could put your TV up your wall and you get this box filled wit just 3 metal piece and 
ABSOLUTE JUNK!. Backed up some movies and not even 1 played well. They either skipped or didn t play at all. I backed up my harddrive with one of these 
this thing stinks. I used it once and it charged my ipod only 80 after about four hours. The next day I tried it again and it simply ceased functioning 
Hunk of junk, go for the manual version. Luckily, I didn t pay a penny for the motorized SkipDr. as it was given to us as a prize. I have 
Does not work. I tried 4 DVDs with different DVD writers and still doesn t work. This stuff is junk. In addition, the manufacturernever sent the rebate. Don t buy 
What the description here does not tell you!. This adapter is NOT for use with a radio! I live in a fairly strong signal area, and the noise from this 
mp3 player and voice recorder. large storage volume: 2 GB, mp3 player sound quality is ok, but the voice recording sound is mixing lots of noise, it is not a 
JBuds ear buds do not reduce ambient noise. Unfortunately, the JBuds were disappointing to say the least.Purchased after reading reviews of the headphone but after one flight with it, I 
It overheated and melted my keyboard & mouse!. Piece of junk. I used it for 4-5 months without incident, but it always ran hot, not warm, HOT. I came down 
Poor compatibility, poor customer service. Switch did not work with my Samsung 191T monitor. Customer service people were slow to respond and were not helpful  
Pretty disappointed. I really wanted to like this product after reading the positive reviews found on Amazon, but to me the Cowon A2 left much to be desired. I ve 
Cool Radio, but an Awful Shortwave Radio. This is a nice radio. Cool design and nice to keep on your desk and use to listen to FM or AM radio 
Never worked. It gave me format errors out of the box.. I returned it to Tiger Direct for an exchange and got a refund instead. Not to happy about paying 
would give it negative stars if I could. LOUD! LOUD! LOUD!Believe the reviews!I have a Mac Mini in my upstairs office. Nice and quiet. I have 3 other external drives. 
Introduces Noise. You have to use the Speck USB cap if you use this skin, and it introduces noise to my iPod Shuffle, which I hate very much. It s 
it will ruin your games!. I bought this for my son who has had a few scratches on some of his games. He followed the directions, and the game doctor 
Bad quality - Problems with the keys. I live in Venezuela and bought the keyboard through Amazon because he was cheaper than to buy it in my country and I 
Muddy Sound. You will be surprised how crummy this sounds compared to the Panasonics that cost about the same. This is my main problem - the sound quality sucks compared 
Disappointed. This product does not produce a clear sound. The connection emits static and can be annoying to listen to. We ordered two of these and they both have had 
CHEAP PEICE OF CRAP, DO NOT BUY!!. These are sooo cheap! They grab your hair! the volume sucks as well, not very loud and some weird ringing, cheap short life 
Great when it works. I got this for Christmas in 2005. I treated it with kid gloves, didn t use it everyday and was careful not to drop it and 
Falls out--gets lost. I was happy with my original stylus. But, the replacement does not fit snugly inside the silo. Turning the PDA upside down causes the stylus to fall 
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. I have been on the phone, and on the internet with LINKSYS support suince I received this ite, The install discs did not work. The 
It doesn t work at all. I connected all the cables as instructed, but it doesn t work, the light is not on.So I return it to Amazon  
Did not work. Did not work right out of the box. Followed the directions to reset and it still did not work. Button on side is too small. I returned 
Over hyped, Over priced. If Apple makes everthing works as it advertized, then it s worth it  
Do NOT do business with Bargaincell!. Bought a cell phone battery that, of course, died one week past their return refund deadline. Refused to refund or replace even though the 
Okay product, terrible instructions, but it DOES work on a Mac . It took about 10 hours of work to make it function with a MacBook running OS X 10.4.6 
Easy to use, until you have to print it out!. I love the idea of this product, and I loved working with it. I created a great layout that looked 
Speakers stopped working days after warranty expired. I am an instructor. I needed a speaker system with a very small profile for international air travel. A friend of mine, who 
Nasty Surprises. I ve had the AT-PL120 turntable for about a month. It worked relatively well with the included cartrdge. There was some minor hum but it was only noticable 
One coaster .. for now. I bought this on the recommendation of my DVD vendor s documentation LG . I didn t expect it to fail from disk 1  
Slams the tape against either end; tape crinkled, could break!. We received our Kinyo UV-230C 2-way VHS rewinder cleaner yesterday and tried it out today. The very first tape that 
DOES NOT WORK ON VISTA. DOES NOT WORK ON VISTA. SOOOOO disappointed because my laptop sound completely disappeared with Vista upgrade save for the Windows startup music . I thought 
Waste of money. I just ran my first and last cd through the Scratch repair system and it made the disk look worse than when I started. Didn t take 
eXplorist XL Failed in Field. On a recent trip to Lake Powell where I had intended to use my Magellan eXplorist XL as a backup for navigation onm the lake, 
Hope it works-NIKO won t get help if it doesn t. I bought the 32 version which is attractive and worked great for 34 days-THEN the picture died although the 
bad news. Bad news all the way around. Card does not work, could not get response from seller  
Did not Work!. Unfortunately, I never got to use it as the iPod would not charge. Looked very cute, but never got to use it...Returning for a refund..  
poorly made. I have had this unit for just over a year. Beware that the cd tray is in front and it slides in and out. Because of this design, 
Burn in. This product was purchased 10 months after comparison shopping and on line reviews. The picture was great until this weekend when I noticed vertical burn in lines whch 
Doesn t Charge Dell Batteries. One thing that one needs to be aware of is that this does NOT charge Dell batteries, and therefore can t really be used as 
Good sound, terrible interface and buggy. I am returning this radio, even though the sound was very good and -- except for one difficult station -- the reception was also 
How the mighty have fallen.... I agree with the other review, Sony brand VHS tapes have begun a steady decline in quality over the past years. As a almost life 
Unsatisfactory VGA Image. I bought the Cables To Go USB KBM Switch to replace a D-Link KVM that had failed. This Port Authority KVM has neat features auto-switching, switchable USB 
Incompatible with my burner. This media did not work on my brand new asus burner, even after updating the firmware  
Rip Off!. I m evaluating the DVI version. The cables are sold seperately, so what s the point to buy a KVM without cables?!?Lastly, hearing the problems doesn t surprise 
This card is nothing more than a MMC. This card is nothing more than a MultiMediaCard MMC . There are many options out there for purchasing MMC. Also, SecureDigital SD 
Be Careful. These disks would not work with my Sony brand DVD writer. I have tried several other brands and so far everything works but Memorex.  
Worthless. The previous model, the 101 was an excellent pair of headphones that would only set you back about ten dollars. Sony replaced the 101 with the 110. The 110 
sorry - didn t do the job for me. i ve given it 2 stars instead of 0 because after i used this CD, the sound from my system did 
Nice but if you have a problem, good luck. I ve been using this remote since it was released. Better than any others I ve run into, but when it 
Flashy, but not very good at navigation.. I have this in my car, and my wife has a Garmin quest older model ~ 350 . The pioneer works OK, but 
slide scanning very disappointing. I purchase this product specifically to scan slides after a glowing review I had read. No matter what I try, the image quality is horrible; curved 
Not very durable. I purchased one of these just shy of three years ago Feb 2003 . I have taken very good care of it it stays in a pocket 
Poor design, unstable, actually makes computer access difficult. I bought this item because Amazon never had the 3M model I wanted in stock. So I settled for this one. That 
Easy to use, but incredibly limiting. This kit is neat; I have to admit that. It comes with all the materials needed to make a nice little coffee table book. 
Never received. never receieved this item. contacted company, told me it was the shipping fault.  
Stopped working after an year. Bought this from amazon. Worked well for compact flash cards. Always complained that i should format the card whenever i used multimedia card from kodak 
Wrong adapter. Amazing, I read all the reviews and assumed the problem with the wrong adapter was resolved since reviewers have complained since 2003. I ordered the Casio CTK 691 
Power Problems. The power connector on my FS108 is very sensitive - try to shift the unit or move the power cord in any way and it goes into a 
DOES NOT FIT!. This keyboard stand is rather shaky and does not fit into the slots of the keyboard. I am constantly worrying that it will be knocked over with 
Did not work for me... I bought this cable to connect an HP laptop running XP to an HP LaserJet 6L printer. XP did not recognize the cable as new 
Wide stipes. The paper stripes of 1 4 are too wide. at times Information such as names and phone numbers came out very clear. IF somebody is really after information 
When it worked, it worked fairly decently. It doesn t make discs worse. And it doesn t fix every possible scratch. Some people here think it ll fix severely damaged 
Buyer Beware of Version Number. I purchased this software from ANT-Online on 09 08 2006. THIS IS NOT THE CURRENT VERSION OF MAPSEND!!! This is version 2 of the software. 
Passable Disc, Terrible Panasonic Customer Service. In my opinion:I own a ton of Panasonic equipment, most recently a DVD recorder. I was using Sony DVD-Rs with no problems, but, being 
Not as Good as 25 Philips SHE9500. I like Bose products. I also think they are a good company, overall. But these phones are simply mediocre in sonics. Put them 
Summary: AVOID! - Cute, but worthless unless you have a new iMac G5 - Summary: AVOID!. OK, here s how you re supposed to use the Apple Remote with an 
Poor print quality and failed drum unit. I have used NEC and Samsung laser printers in the past, but the writeups on this Brother printer attracted me. My experience after 
Nice feel, but short life. Looks and feels nice. But when dropped on concrete or ceramic floors ir will snap. Both broke the same way within a few weeks. I 
Did not work first time. I received the unit on time but after one day the volume did not work anymore have to return the unit for replacement  
Maybe I m just unlucky but mine was a dud. I bought mine when they first came out and at its most expensive cost...I got to charge my iPod 5 
Fashion accesory.... Skull candy ear phones do look nice...but it stops at that. Within 2 seconds of putting them on, they hurt. The things are HORRIBLY uncomfortable and do not 
Westinghouse service is terrible. bought a Westinghouse LCD TV November of 2006. It arrived broken and I had to send it back. After waiting for more than a month, a 
Good drive but fragile key ring and bad customer service. I purchased this 7-8 months back and am happy with it for most part. Didn t have any formatting problems 
Only bought because Imation Sonix stopped making their label. No where near as easy to use as my old system ,But with trial and error can have a decent amount 
SOME TIME YOU GET A LEMOND. This wireless speaker system failed to work right out of the box. However; I had not problem with the return , which included return 
oh where oh where could it be?. Ordered on the 13th of August hasn t even shipped yet  
antenna broke. when I went to use this product i didn t even have it for a day and the antenna broke  
Lots of Problems with this player. My Cyberhome portable DVD player worked for all of 1 day. It is unable to play DVDs or CDs of any type. Also, if 
Don t get confused!!!!. This item will not work with PIXMA MP810 printers. None of the photo pigments are compatpable with this unit. I am now the proud owner of 
Mis-ordered, returned, no acknowledgement of receipt of goods. The product that was sent was misordered. It should have been the 2 GB SanDisk Micro memory card.Permission was secured to return 
garmin rino series DC power adapter. Item is advertised as working with all rino series but it does not work with the rino 53  
Good from far - far from good. As a new Skype user, I wanted to have a headset to talk and listen at the same time, however I didn t 
If the software is bad, it doesnt matter how good the hardware is. I am not a techie but I have installed enough hardware of all kinds to know what 
QUITE POSSIBLY THE WORST MOUSE IN THE HISTORY OF ALL MICE!!!!!. DO NOT BUY THIS MOUSE!This mouse has given me nothing but frustration.1. The front of the mouse where the 
good when it works. The DVDs I burned successfully showed the movies in excellent quality. The only problem is that for every 3 good burns I get one bad one. 
Very well built, but 2 bad flaws. Based on C Net reviews, Amazon.com reviews and reviews by ilounge I decided to get the V55 versus the iFlip. The reviews I 
Good Light, Short Life. This is a very well designed light and works very well. You have better control of the light vs. snake neck light types. The quailty of 
Poor choice. The alarms works great. The radio and CD has a decent sound. Unfortunately, I needed a clock. The display can only be read when you are looking at 
DO NOT BUY!. I bought 2, being stupid and thinking they would surely fit my standard-size, 7 , Coby DVD players. They did not. When I went to return them, 
just working. Apart from the fiddly nature of the charger it does all it says apart from the one main thing if you intend to have it connected to your 
Hughesnet Direcway Satellite customers BEWARE!. If you use either the DW6000 or DW7000 satellite modems and don t have a land-line telephone, DO NOT BUY TIVO! Despite what their website 
Defective cable. I bought this cable to connect 50 Plasma TV to computer. When we connected the cable with TV we could not get it to display computer screen. We 
What a disappointment... This product has the potential to be tremendous, but due to poor packaging design the inside of the plastic was scratched. That absolutely ruins the iPod video 
Terrible product, Read why. First of all the product does not totally inhibit the ability of someone sitting next to you on an airplane seeing your screen, it just creates 
Nice GPS product. Used it for cross-USA NY-CA, so learned a-lot about it. It performed very well, probably saved me at least 1 2 an hour every day looking at 
Garbage-stopped working after 2 months of extremely gentle use. I never even traveled with it. It just stopped working completely making me lose data.NEVER AGAIN I ll buy anything from 
Big on hype, small on performance. I bought the version of this cable with the audio pair for an outrageous 60 at Circuit City out of dire necessity. I have 
Not as good as the MHC-GX250. I thought this new model would be a good replacement to my old MHC-GX250 which was a bit big for my new smaller room. 
No Stand Alone RAW recording. I bought this for a trip to record my photo s from a Nikon D200. I shoot RAW and JPEG format concurrently. Upon returning from 
Please don t Buy a Zune. I bought the Zune around Christmas time of 2006. I used it on a daily basis and was happy with it. Early in April, 
Don t waste your money!!. I was so excited to get this microphone only to find out that all of the music is POLYPHONIC!!! The background music sounds like bad 
okay. The only reason I purchased this was because it was a cd am fm weatherband. It actually doesn t have the weatherband capability  
A LEMON. I bought a Palm Zire72 back in April, 2005 for 299.00 and it has proven to be money down the drain. I experienced the screen freezing up on 
Will Not Work Properly With Unsupported DVD Media. You pay almost twice the price that you pay for other DVD burners. Then you waste four or five DVD s before 
No ipod controls!! Bulky!. This device is much bulkier than it needs to be. But an even worse offence is that the device cannot control the ipod. The ipod plugs 
tremendous disappointment. Santa brought hello kitty this past christmas. Hello Kitty is my daughter s favorite. It was going to be the best gift ever - instead it was her 
Never worked. It gave me format errors out of the box.. I returned it to Tiger Direct for an exchange and got a refund instead. Not to happy about paying 
If you see a 20 price on Amazon. The list price is wrong. The MSRP from the Casio site directly is 14.99. At that price. I m sure its a 
One broke, other complete fuzz. I purchased these speakers about a year ago. If you d like to know what your likely useable time is with these speakers feel free 
Don t Buy This. After only 3 months the SanDisk Cruzer Micro 2GB died. Data was lost, could not be read. Both my desktop and laptop computer wanted to reformat 
NEEDS TO GO TO REHAB FOR ITS INK DRINKING PROBLEM. This printer sucks! It started out working wonderfully. Then all of a sudden after the third month in use it 
Inconsistent quality. The first PMDVR8 I owned worked extremely well for about 2 years. After it began to fail, I purchased 2 more. One of the two never worked consistently 
Coasters!. I wish they had a rating for zero stars. I bought the fifty pack and had 12 good burns and 38 coasters. That s a 24 success rate. I 
Horrible - O stars is my actual rating but doesn t exist on this site. The mount is unable to hold my 17 inch LCD without tilting. I have followed 
Noisy Blower. After about 3 weeks of operation, the fan clicks and buzzes like crazy. Looking for a better option  
Horrible keyboard and mouse. I am very unhappy with this combo and will return it. The wireless connection is terrible and the keys on the keyboard stick brand new . 
Don t buy. I had just purchased the hp cd and some of the cds were corrupted.  
Good scanner, horrible noise. My boss wanted to buy an inexpensive scanner for our office and this little Canon works great. The CanoScan software is quick, easy to use and 
Be very careful. I was wrongly advised by tech support to buy this instead of waiting for a new supply of power supplies from Voodoo. Be sure your computer is 
POS! Broke w in 6 months and Apple bailed on it. What a crock as it looks like everyone else got good product and good service! I got a shuffle 
Recommend model URC 8910. Customer Service at One for All was excellent but this model cannot be upgraded by phone. They recommend URC 8910 which is only slightly more expensive. 
Awful. These are awful. I ve used another brand s iron-on transfers before with no problem. These not only made all the whites in the design yellow-ish, but they fell 
No USB cable included!!. I bought this printer as part of a package. The package included the computer, monitor, and printer. I didn t really need the printer, but the 
An absolute sham. Do not waste your money on this nonsense! I want to believe that it might have been the software that was the problem, but even with saying 
Causes high CPU utilization. According to SysInternal s Process Explorer, both HWI hardware interrupts and DPC deferred procedure calls tend to run to 3 -40 each while this card is 
is it live or is it memorex?. I hope it s live because if it s memorex, it s crap! that s my latest opinion after using this product. I 
An Almost Good Product. I have had this Kensington FM transmitter for about 2 months and in my hands it has very acceptable sound and not alot of static.Unfortunately it 
Garmin Quest II not working properly. This GPS ONLY work when you make no mistake missing stop break change on the route you set before you start driving. Suppose it 
Disappointed in 1GB XD Picture Card Type H . I purchased this card to use in my Fujifilm Finepix S5000 camera for a family vacation. I had researched it beforehand 
Returned in 2 days. I returned this product in exactly 2 days. My bad for not doing the research and looking at reviews. I bought this based on the store 
Direct Turntable Connection Too Weak. I attempted to use this cable with the Griffin iMic to connect my turntable directly to my G5 iMac and import some of my old 
Bad item. One of the fan didn t work straight out of the box, brand new.I looked inside to see what s wrong and saw a lose cable to a 
Basic functionality, and that s about all. I bought this router hoping that some of the quality in Cisco s excellent enterprise-market routers would have worn off on adopted child 
TV OK, SERVICE FROM AMAZON BUYER BEWARE!!!!!!. Buyer be ware if you have a problem with delivery or the TV you will be left on your own to sort it 
Worst DVD burner ever !. I have this for a month now and I have issues.The DVD s burned at slow speeds are skipping and freezing in my DVD players. 
Kind of expensive for just 1GIG. and also, doen t have radio FM ... I don t recomend  
AWFUL SERVICE by this Amazon Store!. I ordered this item on January 17, 2007!!!!!It was finally shipped on 01 25 07!! but, would you believe it, SNAIL MAIL!!!!I received a 
Linksys Print Server PSUS4. DO Not buy this product...it is not for multifunctional printers. Linksys just launched the WPSM54G at the Las Vegas Electronic Show 2007. Go to Linksys for 
horrible. it says it s an A V dock for video ipods but it only would transmit audio to my tv. i m really pissed about this product.what a waste! 
not as expected. This unit boasts 17 mile range, but it can actually do about 1.5 miles after that it s quite a waste of time and the manufacturer should 
Very Disappointing. I bought this unit for my wife and we are very disappointed. For one thing this does not have the resume feature. That means that when you are 
no improvement. I replaced the antenna on my DI-624 router.I am able to extend the antenna 4-5 ft from the base.But I don t see any signal improvement on my 
iPod Dock: The joke is on you. Last Christmas we were given the iPod Mini as a gift. It came with the cable to connect to our computer; however, the 
doesnt work. Well the item didn t work how it said it would. The picture was black and scrambled at best.  
Great GPS, awful radio. I purchased the 530 after finding out that a new firmware edition had come out. The GPS was working fine. The screen didn t blank out 
Bad choice, digital outputs do not do 5.1 !!!. Well my computer cabinet is 15 feet away from the monitor in the other room...I got this mainly because i wanted 
I returned this system in one week. It came down to a choice between a 40 sound system with a seperate dvd player or this 200 system. The reason I 
COASTERS!. I purchased this item and was excited to get them, but burning my first DVDs.. they re all coasters! ARG.. pass Memorex and go for a more expensive media, 
Doesn t work as well as the Neuros. There s a reason this is 30 cheaper than the Neuros MPEG4 Recorder 2 Plus -- it doesn t work as well.I 
ordered two, one broken. Yes it s cheap. That doesn t mean it s worth buying. I ordered two of these. One seems to work fine. The other only had 
faulty chip. I dont know if it was a flaw with my card alone or what, but my 16mb xd card could hold up to 103 images on my 3.2MP 
mechanism so loud you can hear it over the film. I recently purchased this model from a source outside amazon. It is easily unlocked to play all region dvds and 
Don t Bother. I owned this system for 9 months. The single worst home electronics investment I ve made in 30 years. The DVD player choked on brand new DVD 
what a total MARKETING RIP-OFF!!!. Bought a no-name subwoofer cable off eBay, took it over to my friend s house. He owns this Monster cable; we switched back and forth 
Palm fan says Awful . For some time I ve been buying a new Palm every couple of years. This is first time I ve really regretted my purchase.I m 
I NEED HELP FINDING HP COLR CARTRIDGES. I HAVE FOUND THIS SITE DISAPPOINTING ON FINDING MY TRI COLOR INK #78 THAT I NEED FOR MY HP 750. THIS WEB SITE 
Garbage pure and simple. I bought this player because I wanted to play dvds from various regions. The good news is that it plays discs from all regions outside of 
tg-45- 12. It is not user freindly and very complicated. I am not happy with it. I even had help trying to decifer it. Bad investment. By the way I 
Broke Easily. The usb plug broke very easily and threw it away after only two uses. I would instead recommend buying a car charger with a usb port so that 
Not Easy to configure. Print server requires fairly in depth knowlage to set up. After setting ip address and being able to ping the address. I could still not get 
CD changer died - can t get a replacement part for warrantee. Like many others here, my CD-changer died after a couple of weeks and it wouldn t read any 
Nice Paper Weight. Now where s my printer i ordered!. This would be a nice printer. If only I could get it to print! Not to mention when I turn 
Cables Unlimited Single DB25 Parallel PCI I O Card. This item really sucked. It never really worked. I would of sent it back, but being a low price, it wasn 
sucks!. Bought new around 80. CD player and LCD CLOCK stopped working within 6 months--now nap function and radio are all that works--if only I could find the damn receipt!!! 
Gross. The silicone is sticky, so if you plan to put your ipod in your pocket or your bag, plan to have lint all over it. I never used it 
Too fragile. I am shopping now to replace this. Having had success with other Linksys products, I stuck with this brand when I needed a USB network adaptor. The hinged 
it just doesn t work. You have to move the dial really really slowly to pick up any stations. Plus the connection with the headphones doesn t work so most 
No charging units. I bought these 2-way radios thinking they came with charging units.NOT!!!!Amazon should send everyone who bought these radios under false pretense 8 rechargeable batteries  
I can t believe they are actually selling this terrible product!. I bought an Airplay2 from am Apple store for around 60. Other than the fact that blank FM stations 
Another Dud. We bought this for the kitchen. After much research and waiting two weeks for it to ship from Amazon, we were very excited to open it up and 
Save your money!. It s a nice look, but it tips over very easily. It is not steady on a rug surface dispite what the picture on the box shows. 
Pretty desappointed. We bought this phone in order to make receive calls with Yahoo Voice, using Phone Out and Phone In. But, apart from its nice design, this phone didn 
Will not work with Dell Inspiron laptops. I previously purchased a SIIG Firewire 800 Expresscard. After several weeks with SIIG tech support I m told it is a known issue 
Don t get sucked into this. I ve owned mine for 2 months and all of that time has been spent driving around with it in my car trying to 
leaked in my Grundig radio, what a MESS>. I got sucked into this deal about a year ago and can say long term, risky cells.It could be because the clock 
terrible belkin. I bought this adapter from the local BestBuy store and found that it was malfunctioning. There as no power light coming on the adapter. After 3 hrs and 
Don t like it at all. I think this is a very bad wireless mouse. It didn t work wireless for me even though I charged the battery for more 
Does Not Work. Easy set up. Simply does NOT work. I have no IR or RF interference and I set up to debug by puting the transmitter in the adjacent 
JUNK!. This is an extremely cheap product poor grade of plastic and sound quality is...for the lack of a better word...gross! The earbuds that came with my ipod are 10 
Scratched my Macbook. As long as its on, it will prevent scratches, but its tough to get off, and that act can scratch your laptop. It scratched my Macbook when 
SAD TO SAY SONY DVD RECORDERS AREN T THE BEST. I started using this product on 7 13 06. On 7 15 06 the dvd I was recording wouldn t 
Very Flaky with bluetooth after few days. Very Flaky with bluetooth after few days, no support phone #, don t waste your .  
overpriced merchandise. Although I liked the Bose CD unit, I really felt that the sound was a slight step up from other music units; If I am going to pay 
Very unreliable. Very unreliable .......... I have used DVD RW and CD RW Memorex disks on multiple computers and DVD recorders. I find that they.....1 don t last....get about 50 
Great If It Will Turn On. I took the TV out of the box, plugged it in and nothing. After pushing the on off switch repeatedly, it finally came on. 
Don t waste your money!. I had 1 pair that lasted about 2 weeks. They did exchange them for me. From the original seller. The next pair made it 1 
Don t waste your money. The recorder pen looks nice but doesn t work very well. I could never get mine to turn on without taking it apart, jiggling the 
Intel Mac users beware!. Intel Macs running the current version of Mac OS X 10.4.9 are incompatible with this router. The configuration page does not render properly on any of 
Review of Sony VRD-MC3 DVD Recorder. After having a second unit shipped to me by Amazon, I had to ship this unit to Sony Tech Repair to have the software 
Extremely poor quality. This card, when it worked at all, was a hit-or-miss proposition. Many times, I would have to repair the connection, switch preamble modes, or restart the computer 
Buyer Beware!!!. Before you buy this drive, be sure to Google Cypress AT2LP RC42 and western digital .Until yesterday, I recommended this drive to everyone. Then my drive failed, prompting 
Shoulda read the reviews. I got two of these as a gift and right out of the box I had problems with them.I ve owned 2 P880 s the corded 
bad quality. I bought this item like 2 months ago, and now it s broken. I m sooo frustrated.I d not recommend buying this item  
leaked in my Grundig radio, what a MESS>. I got sucked into this deal about a year ago and can say long term, risky cells.It could be because the clock 
Good fan but don t buy from Amazon. This is a good fan but it was left on the front porch, just sitting there, wasn t even in a shipping 
Not a viable scanner. I. Impossible to be acceptably used to scan documents to .pdf.a If you scan from Adobe Acrobat Standard, you cannot stop the HP driver from cutting 
Do Not Order This Item from BlueProton. The product is fine, but the shipping costs are astromical. I put in an order and subsequently canceled due shipping costs of 25 
This thing collects dust like crazy. and it s very hard to remove the dust - frequent washing is the only way! It fits Zen Vision: M very well, but 
Low Price, Low Quality, No Technical Support. This Transcend 4GB, 120x CF card was purchased along with a 2GB, 120x and they have not failed yet, but the Transcend 2GB, 
not audiophile grade, not reliable. when i received my HD 515, I was excited, but after the initial test listen, I was not too happy.overall speaking, the sound is good, 
Don t buy a coby system. I bought this system for my baby s room. I needed a player that had a repeat function. This player constantly gives a 00 
what do you think? its awful. are you serious? I bought this a while ago to see if it was cool. It is a piece of junk, u can barely 
Everything nice except most important feature. This would have been a nice phone set, but the reception was awful! I got static sound no matter where I was in relation 
Definitely stay away. Bought this about two months ago. Never liked it for two reasons:-The rubber cap is so easy to lose. Guess that s why it comes with spares 
terrible, terrible dvds. I bought these disks investing money and trust into the sony name, I am sorely dissapointed in this purchase, one out of every 4 or 5 disks 
Big Disappoinment. Man, were we diappointed with this GE phone! We did everything right--- trained the battery in the beginning, made sure we routinely charged it, never dropped or abused 
Not impressed...at all. Will just have to keep buying new copies until something better comes along!. I ordered this on the recommendation of another Amazon customer. I wasnt impressed. I 
Elementary at best. I currently live in Asia. I purchases my Magellan on a trip home to Chicago. Back home, the default map displays almost all mapped roads and landmarks, 
poor customer service. I purchased this memory card for a camera I was also purchasing. It was listed as an accessory to the camera on the same page. When I 
Another example of marketing hype... ...designed to lift money from the wallets of the American public. If one is to transmit digital signals like those that come from the back 
Terrible Product. This tv only worked for three weeks. Then, for no apparant reason, it suddenly would not turn on. I sent it back to Coby for servicing and they 
read the terms and condition pdf. I bought this thinking Failures due to normal wear and tear , which is checked on the checklist of items covered on the overview 
mechanism so loud you can hear it over the film. I recently purchased this model from a source outside amazon. It is easily unlocked to play all region dvds and 
Guess what, it s not universal!!!. I guess this is a bad review owing to bad item description, not bat quality. Turns out, it is NOT a universal ipaq stylus 
Disappointed. I can not express how disappointed in the poor design of this item. To charge the battery was an incredible hassle. At least Amazon made iteasy to return when 
Consumer reports gives Panisonic repair excellent NOT THIS 1. Used 2 years by parents that used DVD twice a month.H02 errorH05 errorcalled repair said motor and laser errorsalthough I have 
Works as a USB Hub, not much else. As a powered hub this works well. I can t speak to its cooling power because I couldn t get my 17 
At this point, don t bother. I have the luxury of writing this review a little bit further out in the technology cycle than most of the others, so I 
Functional, but disappointing. I purchased this clock as a replacement for an older Timex travel alarm clock that I lost. While this model functions on a basic level, it is 
I hope the second GPS works better than the first one. The GPS worked fine for a couple of days and then it never turned on again. I sent a 
Frisbees or Coasters. I looked for reviews of these, and found I am not the only one having problems. I have used about 10 so far, and they are generally 
Does not work. I tried 4 DVDs with different DVD writers and still doesn t work. This stuff is junk. In addition, the manufacturernever sent the rebate. Don t buy 
not working. After one successful printing it didn t work at all. My printer is HP deskjet 712C. This cable seemed to be recognized correctly at first but kept from 
Bugs in firmware. The minor problem is that the user manual claims the user ID is admin . Well, it is not. Frustration and wasted time will occur until you 
MOUSE VISTA. Don t buy this product if you are running Microsoft Vista. Microsoft has certified this mouse, but it does not bear the works with vista tag. Now you 
the nays have it. Been working with mine for about a week, and am disappointed to report that the negative reviews are spot on.I too had trouble linking it to 
Consumer Reports Best Buy Error. Bought one of these phones. Like everyone else, followed ALL instructions EXACTLY. After less than 1 year, battery won t hold charge and phone keys 
Shipping and handling. You charge too much for shipping and handling. I would have been better off going to a Retail Store  
once again terribly disappointed. This was sent from Nextar as a replacement for a defective MacVision MP3 I ordered for my daughter, it took 3 weeks to send in the 
Not as good as my 8 year old Wacom. I wanted to get back into digital painting recently and so I planned on buying a new tablet and upgrading to 
Timex XM radio. This antenna does not fit the Timex XM clock-radio antenna port.Therefore you must guess which XM radios it might fit  
memory stick. I could not make my computer recognize it so therefore it is useless to me  
Terrrible. This is not the product I wanted and would like to return it. How can I do that?  
There are better wrist rests. The seam came apart and the gel leaked out in the first 6 months. The non-skid, underside surface has a peculiar and distinctly unpleasant smell 
Don t Every Waster your money. I purchased Gigbit 3COM 3824...Extermely Bad on Gigabit...Many Errors with applications...Exchange Server, Remote Desktop, Loop In Network, Ultimately replaced it with LINKSYS...Much cheaper..but excellent 
Good quality, not so good software or sheet feeder. Was truly impressed by the quality of the pictures. Was less impresed by the software in the printer to manage pictures 
Old Technology. I bought this radio to use while I workout. The radio has a cicular dial not digital to change the station. While you move, the station slips and 
Waste of money. I bought this cahrger and I was never able to use it!!!I even bought the correct tip for my laptop but I can t get it to 
Don t buy this shredder. If I d read the reviews here for Fellowes shredders before buying one, I would have stayed well clear. As it was, I needed a 
Western digital? I have very little faith in them. After crashing two hard disks the same day for no reason, I lost all my confidence in this company. The sad 
Bought two and both stopped working!!!. This is such a cute toy and my daughter was having a great time with it a couple of days and then the cd 
Piece of Junk. This thing is a joke. It doesn t play loud enough except for low volume listening. There is no handle to make moving it easy. Cheap, flimsy 
Before you buy. I just recieved my brandnew 256mb SD memory card from newegg a few hours ago. It came in factory packaging and I know is brand new. Immidiatly 
Not as good as the MHC-GX250. I thought this new model would be a good replacement to my old MHC-GX250 which was a bit big for my new smaller room. 
Unusually I discount negative reviews... Usually I discount negative reviews. I think people may have sour grapes against a company, or not understand how to install or work something. I 
What, secure?! You have to be an administrator!. I am giving this unit the lowest possible score for the reasons below. The fact that this is product by Lexar is 
Do not buy for a Mac!. With the Microsoft website clearly mentioning MacOS X functionality, I purchased this mouse for my iMac - fully intending to use the built-in Bluetooth 
Never got it. Kensinton is a good product name, but is worthless if the supplier is out of stock.That is why the 1 star. Ritzcamera was the supplyier  
No antennae; Poor customer service. I ordered the Cisco Aironet 1231 the other day, and after it arrived, set it up, and...couldn t get a wireless signal. I called customer 
iPod Nano 2nd Gen - won t fit. This unit sounds ok. And the sound-spa aspect is a nice difference. However, none of the inserts that come with it fit 
2 major design flaws - Buy Kensington version instead. I purchased this product, but after 3 months of frustrating use wound up throwing it away.The first problem is that the 
junk. DVD player worked great for about a month. After that it stopped powering up.Don t buy  
Too many major drawbacks. I concur with those who complain about finding music on this player. It is cumbersome and timeconsuming. Moreover, the screen is very small. In attempting to 
AVOID IF YOU HAVE NEC 1300a. It will not work on this drive. Period. I switched to Maxell and Fujifilm disks, and now I m a happy camper  
Poorly Constructed. Space and pockets are great but it s not at all durable. My first pack ripped out a seam on my first trip using it. I returned it 
Unreliable, poor online support, expensive, doesn t work. Shame on you Belkin, why does this product have so many flaws?? Firstly, the missing keystrokes, causing you to send emails with 
Don t bother....Microphone input generates high noise. I tested the product with both my desktop and laptop, and the recordingfrom the microphone generates tons of static...it s simply not acceptable.....just 
No vista support. Returned it. Wouldn t work with Vista and a Canon MP780 and it certainly won t work with Mac OS X clients note: the product doesn t 
Service was poor- not Prime as advertized when I ordered. I ordered based on getting 2-day delivery using my Amazon Prime prepaid delivery I HIGHLY recommend doing this if you 
Great Features, Unreliable Connections. I like the features. I m satisfied with the sound. The user interface could be more intuitive.HOWEVER, my overriding complaint is that the docking port as 
Not worth it - terrible product, major vendor issues. I bought this product as a gift for some friends - following the directions carefully, they were only able to get 
Problems. Well I received it and I proceed to install following the instructions. Really very easy to install. I connected AverTV Cardbus to the cable. I did a SCAN for 
Be very careful. I was wrongly advised by tech support to buy this instead of waiting for a new supply of power supplies from Voodoo. Be sure your computer is 
Disappointed. Big disappointment, more so because it was a gift.The first word we looked up wasn t in it!Bigger nuisance than help  
Nice idea, but nightmare to print. I love the idea of this product, and I loved working with it. I created a great layout that looked fabulous on screen. But 
another case of buzzing sound. i bought my monitor yesterday and found to have a buzzing sound at lower brightness &lt;100 . just scheduled an exchange LCD  
It s okay... Alright, first off this piece of crap will randomly stop playing. It started off when I d just walk around that it would turn off, but now 
Poor product technical support is even worse. If you are looking for a reliable, quality switch, look elsewhere. The first switch we received was DOA. Tech support turn around was 
why do these require battery. I did not like the fact that this microphone needs a hard to find battery which is not included in the box it was sold 
Unusable. After every five minutes or so, the signal would cut out. Control would usually be restored some seconds later, but not after whatever combination of pressed buttons had been 
No cable. I just received the printer. In trying to set it up, I realized there is no computer to printer cable included, nor any explanation of what kind you 
Unresolved problem. I am still awaiting resolution of a problem I have with these drives. In writing DVDs I get verification errors. This proboem arises if the drives are used 
DOA. After a couple of E-mail exchanges with manufacturer s tech support, card was determined to be defective. Replaced by retailer with 5 port version which was in stock . 
Overpriced ! Get the Sonnet instead at half the price!. I don t understand why people spend money on this charger, when you can pay half as much for the 
It didn t work for me. I wish I could return it but I broke the warranty by using the hack described elsewhere. I imagined listening to my computer on 
Terrible... Either the item is faulty or my television is too old but it didnt work for me. I needed to use the component from vga to avoid taking up 
PIECE OF JUNK!!!!!. Does not consistently work! I have a toshiba a15 Win XP Pro and sometimes this works, but usually it doesn t. Lately, it either works perfectly or 
Broke within the first month. I decided on this item because I liked the idea of putting it in my cup holder and not having to worry about where to 
Car Adapter for GPS. Was sold to me as an accessory but wasn t needed because there was already one that came with the GPS. Had to return it  
Thumbs Down. The product could not be used with my rather standard setup ie MacOSX on Apple G5 with a Pioneer Burner. I was told by the vendor that I 
Automatic turnoff is a real turnoff!. I purchased these headphones a couple of months ago even after reading the negative feedback. I wish I would have listened. The headphones really 
Compatibility Issues Galore. I previously attempted to use this device with my Mac Pro. I run the machine with Windows XP and Mac OS X Tiger.With Tiger, the machine refuses 
Unhappy buyer. I do not remember it s name, but the cable required to attach this printer to my computer WAS NOT included. I had to spend an additional 10.00 
Bought a recertified E550 - Stopped Working Within Hours. I was very excited when I received this camera. I liked it very much, and thought I was getting a lot 
Slide negative scanning is poor. I ve got quite a bit of experience with scanners, and was very happy with my slim Canon, but I wanted to scan negatives, so 
no noise cancelling effect. These headphones have a dececent sound but genuinely no noice cancelling effect. The battery powers the speakers a bit which does make them a littel louder, 
Canon S530D Review. This printer prints fast but the quality is poor. Consumer reports rates it a best buy but I disagree. Pictures come out very graney and its almost 
Bluetooth. I recently bought this product and it was not working on my printer and computer. I am not sure why, it is considered plug and play. I sold it 
Wait for more information before buying. Works with my MacBook Pro 15 with powered devices but was very sad to find out that it does not work with my 2.5 
Don t waste Your time. The only possible attraction to this gizmo is the price. With that said it is still over priced. I purchased my Coby player from a 
Stopped working 3 weeks after Christmas!. My daughter got this for Christmas and it stopped working three weeks later! For the price, I expected it to work more than 3 
I bought 2 and had the same problem. I had the same problem as Sergey, except that the connection would work for a few minutes and then would shut itself 
Expect more from Sony. When you buy a name like Sony, you expect to get decent stuff. This DVD Recorder failed miserably. No S-Video inputs in the rear so you 
a sloppy piece of junk. This is one of the best ways to add a major security hole in your network. The MVP allows full filesystem list and read access 
Didn t Work!. It crashed the first time while loading some data and never worked again. I had to send back. It has been a few weeks and I have 
This is the worst phone I ve ever used. It was time to get a new cordless phone and I bought this because it was on sale, and featured hard 
They would sound ok if they stayed in!. My first complaint out of the box with these headphones was the smell of the rubber. They smelled like rotton meat!My main 
A real bummer. I m a big mac user, usually love their products, but I gotta say . . . this mouse has turned out to be a disappointment. Two 
Coby Portable DVD Player. When I first got the Portable Dvd player I charged the battery and when I inserted a dvd and after a few minutes it would freeze 
Poor Quality Control. Bought various capacity Lenmar AAs 2000MAH, 2400MAH, 2500MAH and the only consistent thing about them is their inconsistent quality control. Probably 10-15 are DOA and never will 
Not worth the money. Pictures taken in average light and inside are very poor. May be ok for outside pictures. Software and ease of use are good. You have to 
Man if they send it I could rate it its been 9 weeeks already. Order-soon to be on an first come first serve order and they go fast  
Poor Video and Audio. I purchased this product to share my DVI monitor and Logitech Bluetooth keyboard mouse between my two main machines - the exact use promoted by the 
Buyer Beware. I wanted to like this product.I really wanted to like this product.But I am severely disappointed.When I purchased the iAudio this past summer, I quickly learned that my 
the worst device i ve ever seen. if you can make it work or if you are lucky to get a non defective unit:it can only read 1 card at 
Doesn t Work. i got this and installed it. it can t read cds or dvds. it can t write cds. it can only write dvds  
Doesn t work with any of my four computers. It s bad enough that this doesn t even attempt to be compatible with the Mac, but we can t get 
Not Good. only a few channels worked and were fuzzy,sound never worked,remote worked once then never againcheap product dont buy i  
Don t Waste Your Money!. These speakers, in one word, suck. I made the mistake of buying them because they were so cheap. I guess I forgot the old adage 
Telezapper. Worked great for about a week, then i seemed to get an average of 12 telemarketing calls a da  
5ml hahaha. 5 ml for 20. I would refuse to buy any printer that used this cartridge on principal. Die in a Fire, HP  
2 months, then nothing. I loved these earbuds for the first two months. I raved to my friends. I bought pairs for several people at work. Then, about a month 
15 Mac Book Pro. I was expecting at least a degree worth of difference, it did NOT help at all!Absolute waste of 50 dollars  
very dissappointing. I was excited about this product from reading previous reviews. However, I did not find the product satisfactory. First off - it s very difficult to place the 
Amazon sent the wrong product. Amazon sent me the 32F46 not-flat CRT TV. They would not honor the price they advertised for the 32DF46. I didn t want what they 
Poor quality on all accounts. They may sound good and look good, but look somewhere else for earhuggers. Aside from being uncomfortable, they re unsteady and one-size-fits-all in two plastic 
Techman. I purchased this radio and charged it for two full days and got 10 minutes of listening pleasure. I called their 800 number to find out what was wrong. 
Yes - worst product ever... I wish I read the reviews before I bought this thing, unfortunately. Extremely user unfriendly to connect and disconnects itself often; kills batteries even in 
Terrible Sound. I ve now returned two of these for the same problem - a terrible screeching sound. The first unit did it constantly and the second did it intermitently, 
Poor quality, poor service. I bought a sharp lcd tv from j& r in new york last Jan, after a year and half, when powering on the tv, sometimes works, 
Avoid Westinghouse -- Not worth the savings. I purchased this Westinghouse 37 1080p monitor LVM-37W3 because I was very impressed with its ability to be used as both a high-res 
Works great - for about 4 months. I bought this card based on its capability of range and speed. When I first bought it, it lived up to its promise. 
They Didnt Last for 3 Days. This product costs too much for being such poor quality, I can literally just pull the cord apart bare-handed without using barely any force 
Wrong Protection Plan. Amazon recommends the 59 Apple Protection plan for the Ipod Shuffle --2nd Generation ---- Be advised the Apple store offers a 39 2yr plan for just the 
DVD operation is very poor. While the price for this HTS is very nice, the performance is substandard. There s a hissing sound when the unit is off. The DVD 
Worst battery I have ever seen. Battery discharges only in 30 minutes of talking. I personally never recommend this item. Answering machine is good but battery is worst  
Inability to fax multiple pages. If you like a machine pulling multiple pages through at one time and being forced to feed each page before it shuts off, then this 
Connections are TOO TIGHT! What happened to Monster quality control?. What has happened to Monster s quality? In 2003-04, I had a discount on Monster cable through my employer and 
Design Defect Makes Unusable. I knew this cable was on the economy end of Monster s product line, but I expected it to nevertheless be a quality product due to 
Poor sound quality. I recently bought this radio, primarily for my car, but also got the home dock. It was easy to set up and install both types of kit. 
Nuulooq, not so hot. I bought this item with great expectations but was disappointed enough to return it today. One big caveat on performance however, I am running an older 
Better players are out there. As a heavy gym user who has sweated several MP3 and headphones into the trash, I thought this was the answer. But after using it 
Barely adequate. Good first attempt at the task. The second generation model, CTZ900 Telezapper II uses the THREE tones necessary to remove your number from all of the current computer 
JVC Wireless Stereo headphones. What I don t like about these is the way you have to position them in the cradle to make sure they charge. I bought these 
GE 7-5300B Spacemaker CD Radio IS JUNK. I rate this 0 . I bought the GE 75300 CD Radio to replace an older model GE 74290A. The CD player crapped 
Faulty Unit & Software. After just 6 months of minimal use, the camera lost its green reception, so now there s a only purplish red and blue image. Tech support 
Die, Mute button, die. This phone is not all smiles and laughing and gumdrops: the mute button makes me crazy. Oh, the phone is all la la la I love 
Gone are the days of solid HP printers. I have owned the printer for one year. The only reason I gave the printer two stars was because when it prints 
Well constructed, Very Low Volume!!. This is a very well constructed cable, and is probably one of the best mini-to-RCA Y cables. However, I have found the sound from the 
On my 3rd cable in 20 momths!. Warning: Stay away from this Terk SIR-EXT50 extension cable, I ve had to purchase 3, thats right 3 cables in 20 months.After the 
Erroneous description. I found this paper on Amazon as an accessory to the Olympus Camedia P-400 Printer. This paper does NOT fit the P-400 because this paper is TOO wide. 
Amazon rip off. Don t buy this product from Amazon. I bought this product because I thought I was going to receive ten blank vhs tapes instead I received one. 
OMX70 a big disappointment. I have used Shure, Sony, Ultimate Ears, etc. over the years and these are properly one of the worst fitting ear buds I have ever used. 
The worst power inverter I ve seen yet. First off, this thing was almost too long to fit between the lighter and other parts of the vehicle. I bought this 
Just a comment about the different circuits. This is not technically a review, although based on what I ve read I do plan on buying one of these. However, I 
Poorly designed. I bought this case for a few reasons: I wanted something that fully protected my iPod from scratches; I wanted something that would not interfere with the aesthetics 
Short on features. The Britannica Concise also comes in a downloadable version which if you have a good size sd card it would prove more convenient than whipping out an 
Poor picture quality!. It is almost impossible to get a clear picture on any channel and the sound quality is poor. Buying this handheld was a big mistake  
Doesn t Cut It. I bought the product with the intention of printing from across my house. The room I m printing from and the room with the printer aren 
What a piece of junk. I have many cameras, network and otherwise, PTZ and fixed, and this is by far the worst one. It has difficulty focusing, it s noisy, 
Poor quality and the worst customer service. Had the printer for just over a year with light use. I started getting numerous error messages, then the printer would stop printing 
There are better options that cost less. I m sorry to say that this product failed to meet my expectations.ProsTight connection to laptopCons-Too easy to accidentally change the combination which 
One fan made a scraping noise. You re money is better spent on another product.It s made out of plastic so it feels cheaply made. A nice thing about the 
Slightly disappointed. It doesn t play well with my stereo system. It is either too amplified or too low for the switch options under the turntable. Other than that, it 
1 shortcoming only. Cons:Defect: the backlight does not work.Shortcoming: has Palm OS 3.1, an early version for Handspring Visors.Neutral: expedited Shipping time: 5 daysPros:PricePS: Vendor customer support contacted me and 
CHEAP. I got this with the cd player and they broke after two weeks. They just aren t durable. Make an investment and buy good headphones that don t break 
The worst DVDs I have tried so far. I have used three other brands of 16x DVD-Rs and none of them have been problematic with my new Tivo dvd burner. 
Incompatibity issues. I bought this machine to replace a Sportrak made by the same company 2 years ago. I liked the features of the unit itself: larger screen, much brighter, 
Two Failures and Zero Response from Sandisk. I had a 1GB Titanium Sandisk Cruzer at work fail. I tried several times to contact Sandisk, including through the selling vendor with 
Horrible sound. These earbuds are great for the retractibility feature. It works quite well. But that s IT! They have probably the worst sound I ve ever heard from any 
Waste of money. The range on this product is no where near what was advertised. I purchased 2 units and neither will work consistently beyond 4-5 feet from mac. Attempted 
It crushed so often on Vista. The drivers can t be installed. Very unstable on Vista  
TomTom doesn t provide much customer support. I bought the original Tom Tom Go back in November 2004. Since then, my attempts to reach their customer service have all met 
NO SUPPORT. Let s be honest.This product ain t cheap. It s not something you can just throw away if it decides to stop working.I bought mine at cpenusa.com. Delivery 
Uncomfortable but it does work. Bought these to use with the XM Myfi. They are not comfortable to use. They put pressure on your ears. Now the good news, they 
Terrible. Go for the Wireless Laser Mouse 5000 instead. Terrible ergonomics ... thumb button that s too far forward, and a pinky button or thumb for a leftie that is 
Compatabilty Problems. I just bought a 25 pack of these along with my new liteon dvd burner. To bad only half of the cd players in my house can even 
Don t bother using the software that comes with this kit. The main reason I bought this kit was for the label applicator, the software was secondary. Good thing that 
Useless with a Tivo. The unit was 20ft from the receiver, in the same room, in direct view of eachother...Tivo wouldn t connect  
Worthless Unit. I went with this unit based on the Magellan name but have been very disappointed. The Magellan name doesn t mean what I tought it did. It worked 
not worth it. The Styra is only OK as a replacement stylus. It s not as nicely finished as the original T|X stylus -- it s a dull, textured finish 
hum noise. it makes a low humming noise. if you listen loud enough, you won t hear it, but at low volume it s annoying. also, when it is off 
BAD firmware and BAD firmware upgrades. In the past, I have good impressions of DLink products with the combination of features and price, but this particular Router is one to 
dont waste your money. Grossly over-priced and useless - Sony s 10 headphones sounded just as good. The headphone fit in the ear s uncomfortable at best  
not all that. It s ok at best. The ugly white cord and white antenna make for a real eye soar, I can t see how it would look good 
APC 350ES - Very poor UPS. I had the same experience as the reviewer on 11 17 2005. I tested the UPS by shutting off the power at the breaker. 
Short Life. I bought this thing because I lost a memory mod to a power surge. It worked fine at first but now it has no battery life. Recently the 
Bad quality and bad service. I bought this drive a little over one year ago and with 2 years warranty. Around 8 months period, the system cannot boot from the 
Material OK but the software is terrible. These labels are of good quality and the print on them is OK.But the program that comes with the package is horrible. It 
Awful. The fan is so weak, it makes the product useless. It may be able to cool a small flea. Perhaps an ant. Maybe a centimenter of human skin. Don 
Gets the job done...technically. It s a battery charger; it charges batteries. It s called compact because the bottom part accordians out to reveal 4 additional slots for batteries. It 
When it worked. The Micro has some excellent features at the right price. But it fails to work all the time. First it was the firmware, then it wouldn t 
Hasn t worked for a while. Briefly, I have four stations and they never really worked right, I presume because of the need to be on the same circuit. I 
Very Basic, a map has more information. This is a waste of money. Garmin wants you to spend up to 100.00 for a map that will give you any information. 
probably the worst armband ever for the nano. i dont know what moron created this but it makes no sense. you cannot see the screen of your nano. i thought 
Happy I got it 98 off!. unimpressive...glad I didn t pay the full 949.00 List Pric  
A complete disaster. I could use this product as the DVI plug did not fit on the DVI outlet of my computer.AVOID!!  
OK. This privacy filter is great for an airplane like 3M advertises, but when I m at home and my laptop is on my desk the person standing behind me 
Defective-Returned. I was initially pleased with the phone, except that the caller ID is not backlit so hard to read. Then I discovered that if a call was answered on 
Unreliable - Requires frequent reboots. After just one week of use and installing the newest firmware, this router began showing sickly signs requiring a daily reboot. By week two it 
No workie. Unit apparently does not work with older magnavox VHS. Wasted my money  
Hidden Ink Cost -- very deceptive. This printer only printed about 10 DVDs and ran out of ink. The replacement ink cartridges cost more than the printer. I called Epson 
Only Works Half the Time. Very frustrating experience and I am returning to Amazon their return policy is the good news . After a lengthy set up process I thought 
Junk - Horrible support. I got the 650 coz it was an ATI card and I have built my last 3 systems with ATI cards. This card is not ready 
do not buy these... well, what i said above pretty much sums it up. Do not buy these. I got these before the summer of 2006, im going to say 
DO NOT PURCHASE FOR ITS XVID DIVX SUPPORT. The feature that originally sold me on the DSM-320 was its support for the XviD and DivX formats. These, however, are the 
your mileage may vary. I bought this TV base on its positive reviews. And I was pretty satisfy with its performance. Both picture quality and viewing angle are comparable to 
Do not order from Ritz Camera - wrong item. Do not order this item and expect to get what you see. I ordered the Super High Speed card RPSDH01GU1A and 
Buyer Beware. Don t buy this product. It has been nothing but trouble. It will reinstall it s driver every time you reboot, which will cause conflicts you will be 
Network Connection Defective. This printer works fine as a USB printer, but it does not connect to a network. HP will not replace, says it must be something wrong with 
Crappy Tuner. I`m very Dissapointed with this boombox. The FM tuner has too much interference The FM is fine if you listen to a strong station but If you tune 
delivery of the product. We did not have all the mounting screws-- hardware in the delivered box.I had to call the manufacture who responded right away and mailed us missing 
Non-functional. In reading the reviews I can only surmise that I received a lemon. I bought the device because it looked exactly like a device I had purchased for work 
Poor sound, no charge. I bought the Tomtom GO710 purely for the handsfree functionality which is pretty bad and the iPod control. I viewed the navigation part as a bonus. 
Don t waste your money. I bought this at a department store and that should have been my first clue that it would not be the greatest in quality. I 
Defective product. I ordered this product and put it in my Nikon D200. The product was improperly manufactured, and caused the pins in my camera to bend, rendering it inoperable. 
Good router if you don t play online games. Don t get this router if you plan to play online games like World of Warcraft for example. You ll get 
Misleading Description. My first and main complaint about this product is that it does NOT fit the 60gb iPod Video. The 60gb model is thicker than the 30gb, and this 
Very Very Unhappy. My daughter bought this for me so I could see my grand children who live in other states. I have spent 6 days and almost 450 trying 
Someone from Case Logic PLEASE read my review along with the 2 before me. I will admit that hands down case logic is THE BEST cd wallets you can buy. 
Blue Screen!. I ve just purchased these cables, guiding myself on the good reviews. I set up the dvd and tv and to my surprise the movie looks blue!, i 
The shipping is slow as dirt!. I ordered this ram two weeks ago! They haven t even shipped it yet  
Wireless doesn t work, picture quality is poor. I spent two days and couldn t get the wireless to work. With the camera configured using wired ethernet cable, the unit 
Bad idea. Stay away from these devices! I bought 6 of them and 3 of them are already having problems, 1 unit alone has logged over 92 errors and I 
Mailing was good and fast but the product is so bad. I had power point presentation before and I like to purchase new one, however this microsoft power point presenter 
Do no buy this item. I was trying to duplicate HI-8 tapes and the ADS Tech Video Express USBAV-191-EF is not a viable solution. It drops frames and there are 
Ink Consumption is Unacceptable. Beware - This is the most expensive printer you ll ever own. My wife went through 120 of ink in less than a month - and 
Junk - Don t Buy. Fell apart within about 5 weeks of mild use. When tuning veneer cover pulled apart and splintered. Not worth 10  
It was surprise for me. Before I bought this reader I considered 2 models 12-in-1: Lexar and SanDisk. I decided to buy Lexar.I bought this reader to use mostly with 
On Off. It is the year 2005. The 21st Century. We ve put men on the moon. We ve launched space probes to the edges of our solar system. We 
Do Not Buy This Item. My company, L3 Communications, purchsed 2 FVs338 s through amazon to provide a VPN Firewall to connect two locations via the open internet. Using a 
Nice remote... just can t use it!. Before you pick up any Harmony-series universal remote, make sure it s compatible with your ISP.That s right, your ISP.I spent several hours 
Poorly described. The LP-to-Digital Recording system is nothing more than a record player. Just a vanilla, run-of-the-mill record player. You still need a sound card in order to record your 
Cleaning machine... didn t repair. The machine does fine for quick cleaning of your cd s dvd s. I can t give a complete review of the product because I 
Not everything. Read the plan carefully. Not everything is covered under this plan. They will use any excuse they can to say that the product broke under unusual circumstances so 
6 month fan life. I had this unit for about 6 months one day smelled somthing getting hot. Reached behind the computer a touched the power supply and it was 
Shipping packaging needs improvement. I recently ordered two of these antennas and have not yet had the opportunity to set them up on my CB radios for a test run. 
Panasonic has unresolved Error F61 issues with this system. BEWARE OF THIS PRODUCT! As soon as I put the system together and tried to put in a DVD, the display 
Did not care for it. It was bulky and if needed to be plugged into a computer.  
Incompatible with Muvo2. I purchased this card and the Sandisk 512 CF. Simpletech wouldn t format in the Muvo2. The Sandisk worked like a charm. Previous experience had this card 
Be careful. I have had three of these drives fail in the past six months. Two were on a Mac G5, one was on a Linux system.On a positive note, 
CD worked 5 days. Really won t use the TV, but the CD only lasted 5 days and I use it everyday--had to buy something else  
Don t Buy This. Please don t be fooled by it s inexpensiveness. I am a victim of it. I already bought this card and within 2 weeks I started 
Cheap Hunk of Junk. This was the worst purchase of any type of computer hardware that I have ever made. It felt very light and flimsy, the definition of cheap 
It s a Sony !. I should have hear other rater s advice...but then I ve said to myself... hey, it s a Sony, they wouldn t release such a 
Harddrive Crash after 90 days, other reviews same problem. Player only Says HARDDRIVE PROBLEM Worked fine for 90 days then crashed, Now being charged 25.00 to have it looked at 
Junk Software. The software is confusing and doesn t use the USB port on my Magellan GPS!!! I can t believe they let such junk software ruin their reputation. The 
Decent, but not what I would consider good for CDs DVDs. Well the quality is really that great. The zipper felt like it would break off if I pulled it 
No 2-way power. While the specs above say:2-Way power supply offers plug-in power with selected Sony or Aiwa portable recorders; battery power for use with all other recordersThis is NOT 
Great Switch For the Price. This switch works really well. I use it between a Windows XP and Windows 98 operating systems. When switching to Windows 98, control to the 
beware, re- bate not honored!. i knew the cash back offer sounded too good to be true...and sure enough they rejected my upcs i kept copies only have hounding them 
Dead on Arrival. I got this pen after we did a case study for this product in our class. I was all excited when the product arrived, but it would 
Pray it doesn t break. I bought a MV2010 in October and installed a second hard drive to back up the first. The first annoying issue was that transferring the 
Where is it???. I ordered an HP printer, which does not come with a cable, on Oct. 17th. Based on advice in the ad for the printer, I ordered the 
good machine, but outdated. good device, but needs an update to the 4th edition of the scrabble dictionary  
STAY AWAY FROM THIS BRAND. I ve not found anything from Memorex that works right, try Maxell products from Amazon, you can t find better products and the best customer 
Not That Great. What can I write that hasn t already been eloquently and accurately written here already? The idea was a good one but the execution is poor. I 
Not good. I got this product a while ago. It would work, then it d stop. Then I d reinstall everything, it d worok again, but soon it would stop 
Not worth it. I thought this device would be the answer I was looking for, allowing my wife s computer and my laptop to print to the same printer. I 
Kingston 2 GB SD Memory Card. This SD would not work in my Nikon Coolpix S6 camera but the Fuji and Sandisk product did  
Cleaning machine... didn t repair. The machine does fine for quick cleaning of your cd s dvd s. I can t give a complete review of the product because I 
No choices. I thought this item came with or you had a choice of color. It did not. It is silver with black trim. It is also not very portible, 
WORST PURCHASE I HAVE EVER MADE. I bought 2 mintek dvd players because I got such a great deal at kohl s department store. I ended up getting each one 
Technology not up to date. I wanted to stay with Linksys and the 4 ports would have been a perfect fit but unfortunately I had to return mine. The USB 
A waste of money. I bought this as a replacement for a slightly older Microsoft wireless keyboard that was stolen. The other board mouse used bluetooth, and was great. This 
Warning! Buyer Beware!. I just shipped my HP 3052 back off to where it came from. I either have to really like something or really hate something to write a 
Needs Redesign. Mouse does not glide smoothly on some surfaces due to the large depression on the bottom of the mouse designed to hold antenna.Mine would not glide smooth on 
It would it being great if D-Link implemented RAID better. I recently bought this product and returned almost immediately after I find out that D-LINK implementation of the RAID was 
DON T BUY ME. I suggest NEVER buying an Adesso product...The product I bought NEW came USED... not with all of the pieces... and then afterwords they wouldn t even 
Great idea. Terribe product. This is my first review and I am writing it because I am compelled to let others know that this is not a good product. I 
ATi Radeon 9550 256MB AGP 8X. I bought one of these cards at Christmas and my wife bought the 9550XL they look just alike and both are a terrible card 
Reviews I read a year ago were great. What happened?. I always read costomer reviews before buying anything. I did just that with the Pixma MP780 and was confident in 
Stay Away from this Device. I read the other reviews, some glowing, others well.. not so glowing. The price was right, 149 - 50 rebate So I thought I would 
DVI version sucks. cable won t fitPower supply cable covers other connectorsmouse does not not workincludes flash update cable but web site has no flash imagesIf you don t plug 
Good hardware spoiled by bad drivers. The Creative drivers are dreadful. Even the signed Creative Inc drivers crashed my brand new clean Vista x64 installation. Do a web search on 
Don t waste your time. I purchased this yesterday. After only using it for 30 minutes I have decided to take it back.1. It will stay attached to my Zune.2. 
Great product! For two days!. When this adapter first arrived, I thought it was great. The sound quality was excellent, and free of all the distortion and interference I get 
very not satisfied. very very not user friendly.... no instruction to install. worked after it got installed but doesnt work with the wireless internet in my house. Decided to resell 
Do not buy!. I made the mistake of ordering one of these. I took it out of the box and laminated one page that came out with a bent corner. 
Disappointed... On my laptop it took over an hour to transfer between 10-15 photos. Read the fine print in the leaflet that comes with the reader and it states that 
Will not record. I finished up my last batch of these discs bought some time ago, without a problem. BUT the next batch purchased most recently will not record on 
It s what you pay for. I purchased this anticipating using it with my mp3 recorder as well as my camcorder. Ordering and shipping was great through Amazon.When I received 
hates sleeping computers. This switch works pretty well until one of your computers goes to sleep or the display sleeps, then you have to power cycle the switch to get 
Squeal of Death. I own one of these, it came packaged in my Dell XPS Renegade. Sound in a Windows environment is good, as indicated by other reviews. But in 
Flimsy is an understatement. DVDs stored on this shelf would get seasick - the whole thing wobbles like crazy. Wood is okay, but materials that hold the wood together are 
Bad Disc Error - possible fix. BAD DISC ERROR - possible fixAfter about 8 months just like the other reviewer it stopped working.I kept getting bad disc error on a 
Nice output duplexing is poor. I like the output from it and the networking is very nice, but the back side of prints are offset about .5 inches from the 
A Piece of Junk. My daughter really loved getting this item for Christmas. Unfortunately, the CD player is not reliable. It freezes sometimes for several hours , unfreezes unexpectedly especially 
Inventory Number Problem!!!. Cobra HG A1500 High Gear CB Antenna has an Item model number: HG A1000 and the Cobra HG A1000 High Gear CB Antenna has an Item model 
failure. these headphones were great at first, but then failed right ear stopped working after 3 months. I sent the orginal pair back to the manufacturer for a replacement, but 
Yes - worst product ever... I wish I read the reviews before I bought this thing, unfortunately. Extremely user unfriendly to connect and disconnects itself often; kills batteries even in 
Came broken and tried it anyway!. The door hinge was broken so door wouldn t stay on, but we decided to try it anyway as we had a 40th surprise 
Don t buy. These blank discs are defective. I was never able to record any pictures or audio data to them.The Maxell blank discs that I have did the job 
Love Hate. USB 2.0 is wonderful. PCI Cards are very easy to install. Unfortunately the card is odd shaped and does not fit well into all PCs  
Too good to be true. I purchased this item to record LPs into my computer thru the input on this device. It sounded worse than recording through the mono microphone 
NOT UNIVERSAL. This piece of junk will not work in all cigarette lighters. It works in a Nissan Quest but not in a Lexus RX 300??  
Pathetic, doesn t work, waste of money. Beware of this product. It always freezes up half way though the download when transfering photos to my computer. I have another USB 
works ok, but no wonder. I ve had several UPSs now for a while. Belkin UPS quit after about 3 years of work. I understand that this may be long 
Do not buy. I received the router and tried to install it. I got up to the point where the router was to verify the connection and I lost my 
Disappointing. I read something close to a rave review in Walt Mossberg s technology column in the Wall Street Journal, checked the reviews on Amazon. and concluded that it was 
Very Bad Product. None of the port in this USB is working properly. Whenever I connect a thumb drive, the system hangs and it will lead to restart the system. 
Serviceable, but not worth the money. The sound quality is fine if you are in range. The dual headsets work as advertised, in other words:1. You cannot talk on both 
1 GB not 2. The previous post is correct about it being only a 1 gig SD card. Total BS  
This TV doesn t exist at least not yet . Like another person here mentioned, this TV does not exist. I bought this TV from Amazon and they sent me 
Thimble. Another typical ink jet consumable, very small, runs out fast, and costs way too much. Just will have to wait for the 3rd party knock-off to come on the 
Not acceptable in my application. My interest in this product was only to provide a high quality stereo audio link between a TV and amplifier - distance of only 20 
Horrible. There is essentially no sound amplification. The sound levels are barely different with the thing on as opposed to having it off. Sort of a what were they thinking 
Doesn t work. Don t buy this. There are deaf toddlers who can record my voice better than this microphone  
Pass, On This One. Purchased this for use during travel, but screen is NOT viewable outdoors and barely viewable indoors.Reception is poor, unless outfitted with the Xium antenna.The only positives 
Don t buy these if you are a runner!. These are a huge waste of money -- don t buy them! I used them on one three mile run, and 
Not for Macs. In a nutshell: If you own a Mac, do NOT buy this machine. I struggled with Brother s tech support system several times to make it work 
BUYER BEWARE. I was so excited for this unit, only to find that it wasn t the quality I expected.First, the FM transmitter only works in the Car Dock not 
Junk. Didn t work with my multi-function, then died a little over a year later. This was my first, and only, purchase of a Linksys product. I unhappily discovered that 
Not as good as you d expect from Microsoft. I have diabetic vision problems and thought the Laser 6000 s capacity to magnify small areas of the screen would be 
Don t bother with the alarm clock. If you want a wood cabinet radio, buy the Model 1. If you want a great alarm clock, read on.. I purchased a 
Very sad about this... The card worked fine for my son s graduation and a family holiday but became corrupted during my brother s wedding and I lost all the 
Street Atlas 2005 HH provides wrong route and hard to use. I bought the blue logger and both Street atlas 2005 and SA2005 HH for my Dell X50V. No problem 
ECM-CS10 does not have battery power capability. Despite being advertised otherwise on Sony s site as well as many vendors, this unit is plug-in power only ... it does not 
don t like it. my sister bought this for me for xmas. i m not crazy about them. there okay but you can t talk on both at the same 
DEAD ON DAY 2!. This is the first mp3 player I ever bought. After much researching I decided on the iaudio U2 512MB as it fit my needs and the 
not recommended. The holes giving access to the thumb stick, volume buton, and zoom button are horrible. The case shifts a little and pushes a button or, most commonly, presses 
A real Troubled Lemon! Stay Away!. I purchased this unit about 18 months ago. After the warranty ran out, the unit first quit working with -R media. Then there is 
almost useless. After trying this unit on a trip over christmas holidays, I tried to put in adresses to 12 different destinations and it would only allow 3 of them. 
SAVE YOUR MONEY. I WISH I WOULD HAVE READ THE EARLIER REVIEWS ON THIS MOUSE. HAD I DONE SO, I WOULDN T HAVE PURCHASED THIS ONE. NO SENCE IN KICKING 
Mount is too small for my handle bar. The thing wouldn t even fit around my handle bar; I had to zip-tie it on. A waste of .  
NOT FOR TEXTBOOKS. I wish I never bought this because it was not sturdy enough for textbooks. If you put a textbook on it and turn the page, it collapses 
Had To Be Replaced After 2 Months. I ll begin by saying that I definitely do not recommend this hub. After about 2 months it completely malfunctioned. My pc no 
Don t waste your money - it doesn t work. I have an HP Photosmart 8450 printer that is bluetooth capable with the HP bt300 bluetooth wireless adapter. However, that 
You can do better... I bought this for my god-daughter for Christmas. I actually thought that I was ordering a Schoenhut baby grand, but for some reason I ended up 
No Cash Back Here!. Please don t expect to get the cash back from this purchase as promised! To date, I ve been denied twice. The second time they said 
May be good but you have to get it working first... What company would make a router that you can set up wired and then take it wireless and it 
Love affair gone sour. I have owned this little hub for at least a year. I have an older PC which came without USB, so I added a PCI adapter. 
No Mac Support, No Dice. Having grown up with Rand McNally maps on seemingly all my classroom walls, in the family Atlas, etc,. I was predisposed to like the Magellan 
Not up to the Task--Miserable Tech Support. We had this printer less than 6 months before the cartridge slider began to jam. We would get an error message, and then 
Do NOT buy this router!. First of all, I am a dyed-in-the-wool techie. I design products like this in my job. I know what every single one of those what 
Poor quality control--bad product. I received my first unit and noticed the low volume noise problem. I returned it to the repair site at my expense and received a replacement--red 
Use caution with this item. I have two of these things. When used with a car lighter outlet, they cause my Legend Cx to overheat. When used with a true 
Think about it. This appears to be a great product, however, I haven t had mine long enough to find out. This will be the second time I have had 
Please Read this before you invest your cash in this product!!!!. First off let me state for the record that I only buy Sony , but I have toadvise you 
gamble. My card started with 10 corrupt pictures from Nikon d200. After a few months it is no longer recognized in the camera or card readers. Emails to transcend have 
PAINFUL. I purchased 2 sets of these earphones for a 2 hour flight. My husband and I both used them, and we both took them out of our ears after 
Not so happy. I bought this product thinking a Sony drive should be a good one, right? Wrong. The drive claims to be 18X, but even with high-quality expensive media, 
Nice potential, not all good though. Awesome product if it worked well.I have a 5th generation iPod, the 30gb iPod Video. When docked and playing a movie, or scrolling through 
Nice, small, but EXTREMELY fragile. I own the 2GB version of this drive. It is tiny, but still fits nicely into a USB port, but I have noticed a serious 
Missing Items Too!!!. Received my camera today 05 22 and all items are not in the box. I am missing hand strap, Ni-MH batteries, Battery charger and Cradle adapter. Worse 
Expensive Rabbit Ears. This is no better than the old fashion rabbit ears. The powered portion of this antenna does NOTHING to boost the signal. I found this item to 
painful set-up, poor range. Having had very good luck with two Belkin G routers, I thought that the G would be a no-brainer. NOT. First of all, the router would 
Locks up the computer. Total waste of money. Once plugged in it locks up the computer. Got in touch with Seagate, and apart from an e-mail welcoming me to the 
almost good. I must have really funky shaped ears because the right ear is just about perfect and the left is just painful. Add to this the fact that the 
Reminds me of a quarter horse race. Great performance but only for a short time. Don t get me wrong, I loved this dvd player when it worked . It 
computer brain blew it. Computer Brain sent the wrong product right before Xmas so the present that I intended had to be shipped back and it is Jan. 16 and 
Truly frustrating!. Like a 54 XK120, this thing is beautifully styled, and utterly unreliable. It randomly loses connectivity to both my Intellimouse, and my MS USB keyboard. 30 - 90 
Typical Monster Cable rip off. Despite all the bad reviews I read for various Monster Cable products, I bought one of these cables. What a mistake. The RCA plug flanges 
 PLEASE WAIT flash....flash....flash..... . Great features, unreliable POOR design. OK, lets not mince words....it sucks!Hey, I m a big fan of Panasonic, but this unit appears to suffer from 
I Am Thoroughly Disappointed over the Confusion of Operation. I have been a loyal Sony product user for over 30 years. However, their Compact Disc Recorder RCD-W500C W100 is the 
Waste of time!. Program would not work, updater would not work, tech support was not available because of overload.  
Buyer beware. Worked great for about a year of very limited use. Visit the manufacturer s website forum for issues with this product. Previously purchased models failed on or about 
Returned It - Screen Went Blank. I really wish this product had been better designed because I loved the fact that it s a tablet style and it s a 
Ritz Camera SUCKS. I m sure this product is fine. But don t order it through Amazon, through Ritz Camera. They just cancelled my order without warning, having listed that 
Don t buy from Philips!!. This system is quite sleek, easy to fit in a cluttered living room. Assembly takes about two minutes. The instructions are very clear. The sound 
The REAL Truth!. Alot of the reviews I read here are misleading. Most of these complaints are related to not knowing how to use the GPS correctly. However certain problems 
Terrible Sound, Garbled and Disappointing. I design consumer audio professionally. I bought the iGroove for premium sound in my bedroom, to listen to while my girl and I are getting 
WARNING : Long delays in shipping. I ordered the Aquos in mid-December. The shipment has been delayed twice, first through the end of January, and now more recently through the 
Love the way it works, but be WARNED... I m on my third Mighty Mouse in 3 years. At 50 a pop, I expect them to last longer! Inevitably, after 
Doesn t work well with XP. If you thought the Windows 2000 install and performance were bad wait until you try it under XP!I should have spent the extra dollars 
dreadful. I have had the T5 now for about a year. I am surprised that I put up with it for so long. It constantly freezes. The web program is 
Good and Bad. There is problem with this TV and I had to return. The price is lowest of somewhat 30-40 of in-store and free delivery. service of Amazom is 
Just a comment about the different circuits. This is not technically a review, although based on what I ve read I do plan on buying one of these. However, I 
I bought this instead of the iPod. This is a huge regret for me. The iAudio is more an expensive portable hard drive than anything else. The navigation sucks, there 
Don t expect the A1500. I ordered the A1500 and received the A1000. I opted not to send it back when I read the other feedback on this page. I 
Cheap, but cheap. This is the lightest mousepad I have ever felt. Doesn t even sit flat on the table  
DO NOT LIKE THE CHARGER and 8 HOURS. First of all the charger takes !!! 8 hours !!! to charge 4 aaa batteries. I do not know if you have 
Coby TV350. The price was reasonable, the screen size is great, the few channels that did come in had a great picture and the sound was great.My only problem is 
Don t buy, mine didn t last long. I bought a PV-D4744 about a year ago,It worked for a while, now it won t read old disks and,even with brand 
Just plain bad. Reading Erik Mann s review above was just like living my own experience. I bought these headphones for their noise canceling ability, attractive price, small package and 
Buy Warranty From Sony. You can buy your sony TV from any place you like. Then call Sony and buy the extended warranty directly from Sony. a 5 year plan 
This phone does NOT work with VOIP. This phone seems to have great potential, but does NOT work with VOIP Internet phone . This is a known issue - perhaps 
Glitchy software and more!. ---VERY IMPORTANT----The software supplied converts your mp3 wma files to an alltrac format only usable on your computer and your sony netmd!!! I think they do 
Where is it???. I ordered an HP printer, which does not come with a cable, on Oct. 17th. Based on advice in the ad for the printer, I ordered the 
The worst brand I ve tried. I ve got a LITE-ON DVDRW SOHW-1673S burner Revision JS02 in my fast G4 Mac running OS X Tiger and burning with Toast Titanium 
Regrettable purchase. From all outer appearances this item looked like it would function well in my office. The day I received it I eagerly placed paper in it only to 
Why Pay 650 for something I can get from my Cable Provider for 8 a month?. I am surprised there are not more reviews on how ridiculous the prices are! 
Geko only!. Overpriced piece of plastic that will only fit the Garmin Geko unit though the description mentions that fact nowhere  
DO NOT BUY. Tried customer support to resolve a hook up issue and did not return emails for five day, have almost given up  
Low Range. I left behind my D-link DWL 132 108 mbps when I was on vocation which work great for me over a year. After read all the reviews, I 
Poor. The top half of this spool were terrible. I ended up throwing every one of them away. It kept reading bad media.  
A Waste Of Money. I was given one of these as a gift. I replaced it in my Dolby Digital DVD to Amp signal path. It sounds no better than 
Defective product. I am returning it. The bluetooth signal keeps fading in and out every 45 seconds or so. When it worked, it was great, but not a single song 
Worst mouse ever. I just bought my first iMac. I love the computer but hate the mouse it came with it . It is always jumping all over the screen. 
the Mouse From Hell. I purchased this mouse 5 months ago and it has been total frustration ever since. The buttons on the sides are not easy to access or 
Not a good buy. I bought this item despite the bad reviews it had gotten because I absolutely adored the styling. When it arrived, I unboxed it and checked everything. 
Good Luck with it. I spent hours on tech support with Linksys, and was told to send it back: the product was defective. So I did, and Amazon gave a 
Don t buy from Philips!!. This system is quite sleek, easy to fit in a cluttered living room. Assembly takes about two minutes. The instructions are very clear. The sound 
Noisy!. A nice idea that doesn t provide adequate audio quality in my experience. The unit would pick up noise from the operation of my CD player, resulting in a 
Very Fragile F-Pin connectors. Beware, the F-Pin connectors are very fragile. Even a small amount of tug applied to the connectors will pull it right off the cable. For the 
Doesn t stay tuned!!. I was so disappointed in the fact that the guitar didn t come with any picks or a strap- I didn t realize it when ordering, 
USA Mapsend TOPO 3D with Magellan Explorist XL. I puchased the USA Mapsend TOPO 3D 98061109 to use on my laptop. My goal was to download route track and waypoint 
Do NOT buy any of the Belkin Wireless Products!!. After several hours of telephone support conversation, Belkin told me that there was simply too much interference in my apartment to 
i d love to review this product. but i ordered it and amazon sent me an entirely different product. I got ordered the leapfrog and received a generic product. pretty 
Don t be fooled. I bought this speaker about one year ago from Best Buy, very disappointed. The sound quality is terrible, I have two presence channel 15 KLH speakers 
Total junk. After about 4 months of using these cables they are starting to flake out. My screen will start flashing and one of the colors will go completely out. 
A piece of garbage. Four months after purchase, the Receiver misfunction and shut down. It was impossible to contact Sherwood Electronics which had no service Centers in the State of 
Don t buy this stuff. The sound quality is really awful!! I gave it a two star, because I give credit to the other aspects of the product like the 
Batteries Not Included. The description advertises no power cord required, and the box has large print stating No AC Power Needed . Smaller print however notes that if you want 
This junk died and erased 100 images. The is perhaps the lease durable item I have purchased in 40 years. It lights up just fine, and it is a reassuring 
It Does not Work with Macs. They totally misrepresent this product. It does not work with Macs. I feel cheated and lied to by Memorex, shame on you  
There s a reason its discontinued!. This unit is absolute garbage.Forget the moronic design, lack of features, etc. The actual construction is terrible. The allegations as to battery life are 
Do not buy this PDA!. I got a whole six months use out of this unit before the battery would no longer charge. This is apparently very common for these 
Utter Disappointment. My Adesso Cybertablet was very disappointing.I had to have the computer-guy come in to install the software.And the only way he could was by downloading software that wasn 
Worked fine--for a month. I bought these as a birthday present to myself to replace a set of well-used Monsoons which finally bit the dust. I m not a gamer 
broke twice!!!. I bought this 18 months ago and while I had some problems with the set up, I got help from the store where I bought it. It has 
Bad Compatibility. I have the older, larger version of this product. However, it uses the same software. The labels are great and the spring device that is used to apply 
not a solid item. I didn t like it, first I asked for a nano ipod holder and when I send the sellers a mail asking if my nano will 
Most Difficult Piece of Hardware to Install. I agree with most of the reviews regarding the difficulting in installing this wireless access point. I am no IT expert but have 
Beautiful but..... This phone is lovely to look at BUT...1. The numbers on the touch pad wore off within 6 months.2. The touchpad completely ceased to function within three years 
Fast service, but compatible ?!?. I ordered 3 original Canon Twin Packs ASIN: B0001Z5YTG , and received 12 compatible cartridges. A fast service is useless if you can t get 
Total P.O.S.!. Don t waste your money on these things! You can get a far better pair of headphones for comparable or less money spent. These things are nothing more 
If you plan on listening to music with this, think again. Two big problems with this DVD player. One, based on experience I stupidly assumed all DVD players display elapsed 
BEFVP41 and Microsoft PPtP Servers. As you may have read elsewhere, this router has a problem with the GRE protocol used by Microsoft for their PPtP server see Alan Bryant 
not a good subwoofer. this subwoofer is weak, very weak. My computer subwoofer did a better job than this. When the bass was heavy, the subwoofer cannot handle the bass, 
NO ANTENNEA FOR THE TV!. This portable TV sounds great except they made a few mistakes in the design. They don t tell you that there is NO ANTENNEA nor 
RECEIVED BAD SERVICE. AMAZON FAIL TO DELIVER ITEM WITHIN A REASONABLE TIME. THE ITEM FAIL TO ARRIVE AND THEREFORE WE NEVER RECEIVED THE GOOD  
bad sound - frequency response is horrid at the low end. I m looking into returning these things just a few minutes after opening the box.I plugged them into my 
Looks like a nice little print server, but may not work for you. This print server will not work with all kinds of common printers that you may have. I 
Junk. My old 2.4ghz radioshack phone works better. The range on this phone is pathetic.  
BAD CABLES. I HOOKED UP THE CABLES AND THEY WORKED ONE DAY. THEN I HAD TO GET RID OF THEM. BAD CHOICE ON MY PART. IT WOULD HAVE COST ME 
not for all ipods. this product does not hold the smaller ipods well at all, only should be bought by people with the bigger model ipods.  
Great Shaver but missing advertised refills. Received shaver and it is wonderful. So smooth and improved over my existing Braun that I thought it was not cutting. But it was!Received 
BEWARE of Kingston REBATES!. Beware of KINGSTON rebates!Of course, I hope your experience would differ, if you were to buy Kingston product s , but mine was terrible.I bought a 
Bad product!!!. I bought this SD card from J&R Music last week. I thought I would get the authentic card from PNY so I just used the card with my 
Targus does not issue drivers for my Viewsonic v37. It worked OK for 2 months, but the KB kept on falling off. When I complained, I was told that the 
Very Uncomfortable!. The sound quality of these headphones is ok. There was a pretty constant buzz or hum in the background. I like the feature of using regular batteries, no 
DID NOT WORK. I WAS VERY UP SET THIS WALKMAN WAS A GIFT. IT COST 90.00 6 MONTHS AGO. IT DID NOT WORK RIGHT I COULD NOT GET GOOD RECEPTION 
Not for Ford Expeditions. Well, I thought that this was going to be the answer for getting a decent XM signal, but alas-foiled again. Ford Expeditons 2004 and up... have 
Scratched my Macbook. As long as its on, it will prevent scratches, but its tough to get off, and that act can scratch your laptop. It scratched my Macbook when 
satalite code. cannot find the satalite code for my direct tv, the other codes work for the tv,vcr and dvd. please solve this proble  
PRODUCT KNOWN BAD BY MANUFACTURER!!!. I purchased a copy of Magellan Worldwide Basemap. I installed it in my computer but it would not run. When this also happened to a 
Does not work in a DSL phone line. I received this phone and it looks great. We connected it to the line where our old 900mgz phone is connected to 
The darn thing locked me out the first time. This product needs serious help. What use is it if the first time you try it your computer is locked and 
Horrible Customer Service. This was given to me as a gift. The owner s manual and rechargeable battery pack were missing. The case was the wrong size and the DVD 
RUN, Run Forrest; Run fast, take it from ME!. .............Is not functional................ .If you are reading this then you are Gump-y! And, you and I must be family.First, I love 
Failed in a few months. Installed it to my Nissan Xterra. First it was working fine, but after a few months the channel switching knob stopped working twists free, but 
one word: Annoying. f cking annoying. There are NO controls on the radio itself, you HAVE to use the remote. Your remote battery died? too bad, the radio is completely 
Manufacturer s Defect. The CD changer would not open to receive the CD s. A call to the Company s customer service resulted in their decision that it must be 
Run don t Walk away from this thing!!!!. I have tried three of these MyBooks and each one has the same problem...file errors. The problem is it turns on and 
This phone sucks!. I ve owned Uniden products in the past and have been generally happy with them, but quality control really dropped the ball on this one. I bought 
Don t Buy It. Consider another receiver before buying Delorme s. Delorme s receiver works only with their software the receiver does not conform to any standard, unlike most other 
Uncomfortable, Light on Bass. OK, the only headphones that I can compare this to is the sennheiser hd500 which I paid 100 for in 2002. My dog chewed the line 
Does not live up to its promise. I had high hopes for this, but three major flaws contributed to it being returned:1 The display is extremely bright. I ended up 
Weak power supply. Antec has dropped the ball on this one. My power supply came in DOA.If you read reviews there are lots of reports of short life on power 
Philips gives poor customer support!. After we used and liked the phone for two weeks the handset developed severe static. When we contacted Philips customer support they agreed it was 
Guaranteed to break. I bought one of these and it broke the first day I used it. Amazon replaced it for free, but for no good because the second one 
Good features, but for one serious flaw ... I bought this receiver to use as a preamp in my system. I based my decision on information as stated on the 
Incompatiblr. Incompatible with my iBook; Apple has such a phobia against providing System Requiremts for their accessories; finally found the list on a vendors website. Amazon did not have this 
A real disappointment. My #1 use for this scanner is for public safety scanning - I have family in law enforcement & we like to listen in.I own a Uniden 
Didn t Work. Apparently, the remote control I got was defective - and the only solution was to send it back. I chose to get a refund rather than a 
Incompetent garbage which cannot be shut down. Pro --- Compact enough to fit into a jacket pocket, yet opens to a comfortable working size with full-sized keys, including a number 
Piece of junk. I had to return this boombox as soon as I opened it because the CD player didn t work. I got the new one in a few 
BEWARE SAMSUNG DLP DESIGN FLAWS!!!. Consumers should be aware of serious design flaws which exist in Samsung DLP televisions. Cooling fans and color wheels are highly susceptible to failing. As 
Buy the Cheap ones!. Using the component input on your TV can make a huge difference in picture quality, but the differentce between the lower priced monster cables and the 
Doesn t really work. Didn t seem to make the FM reception any better, except for the fact that when I was trying to get the classical station from NYC, 
Arrived in Pieces. They would be very wonderful jewel cases except they must be very flimsy because more than half of them arrived broken  
It s ok, nothing too special. It s ok, nothing too special. There are better ones in the marke  
All delome products. Designed obsolescence is the word that best discribes Delorme No support!!!!!!!!!  
Avoid It. The quality of sound and manufacture of this unit is unacceptable. It was made in China. Although it has an attractive design, the outside is made from the 
Absurd!. Lured by the attractive price and high storage I decided to step outside the world of CF cards and try the microdrive. As a professional photographer who shoots primarily 
OK performance but can be dangerous. To be short, the performance is less than great but OK, but I can live with that since I have dozens of them, I 
Extremely poor quality product. I have purchased and returned two sets of these headphones. The first set overheated and fried itself as soon as the batteries were installed. The second 
It s not a scratch repair kit, just a scratch kit... When I paid somewhere between 20- 30 a couple of months ago for the OptiFix Pro Kit, I made 
When it plays, it s fine, but poorly designed and counterintuitive. I have several issues with this player:1 The case-open slider is along the side of the player is situated 
Dual Tuner Problematic. Two problems have surfaced using the TIVO unit. The first is the lack of a 5 pin serial port for connection of the tuning cable which causes 
Be careful of remanufactured equipment. The multifunction center worked correctly for exactly one week. Then it developed a loud grinding sound. So much for buying remanufactured equipment. Spend a little 
Memory did not work. This memory did not work. Still have yet to receive refund from seller  
trash. I bought this unit and thankfully found out that it belonged in the trash before the return period had expired. It did not accurately pick up my position anywhere, 
Unsatisfied. This product is unstable. I have spent numerous hours on the phone with Belkin tech Support to no avail. One time they left me on the phone on hold 
Very Bad Product. I wish I never bought this phone!Like some others mentioned; it was a huge waste. The landline connection works but it is very difficult to hear the 
What Cheap Can Buy. I won t beat around the bush, this is a terrible product. I was looking for something to allow Mic level recordings on my computer Macbook 
Junk. Here is why it is junk. 1. creates a buzz on the line 2. Not enough room in back of phone for the cord if you wall mount 3. 
Worked great at first, till it only started taking left turns... I was impressed with this controller at first, and found it to feel comfortable, and work well. It was 
Western Digital My Book Premium 500 GB External Hard Drive with Dual Interface. Now what, .... I have saved all my data in some unknown scrambled format and can t 
A worthless piece of junk. Not worth one star! Lasted about 1 week, and then started emitting a high pitched whine loud enough to wake people in the next town. 
arrived broken. It s still usable for the purpose I bought it for - for waking up a 7 year old for school. But it is disappointing that it arrived 
Chill It - Luke warm at best. Great idea that doesn t live up to it s hype. Two issues, it steals the USB ports completely and often causes problems 
Damn Mouse. This was a bad purchase. Mouse touch is very hard to control; tried adjusting a number of times but to no avail. Also, the screen says mouse battery 
Docupen, all looks, no serivce. This letter is a summary of my experience with PlanOn for the past 6 months.It all began innocent enough, I saw an article about the 
Sony- stick you at every opportunity- ZERO Stars. I paid 250 for a voice recorder and couldn t find the CD when I replaced my laptop. You d think Sony 
Feel so lucky. 1 The remote control is broken;2 When the TV is on, a high-pitch noise is also on;3 There is a fissure on the left side of the 
Not Compatible. These discs do not work with my Canon Camcorder. I think the label should inform people they may not be compatible with certain devices  
Hello? Can I hear you?. I bought these because I just could not stand the headphones that came with my CD player SL-SV570 . They were extremly uncomfortable. So, I 
TAPE WASTER - Big Time. This labeler will waste a lot of that expensive tape. If one prints a 1 long label, 2 are wasted. But hey, this is the 
Don t waste your money. Don t waste your money on this. I sent it back to Amazon.com for a complete refund and didn t pay a dime to return 
Faulty product, unresponsive customer service. This is the only card that has ever failed to work on my Palm Tungsten C, so I know it s not a hardware problem 
Poor execution of good ideas. This phone has many features that I really wanted--ability to add addition hands sets, shared phonebook, speakerphone on each handset, 5.8 Ghz DSS. I didn 
Don t be fooled, this one is junk. The write up sounds good, with many options and features, but after closer examination I had to take it back. First thing, 
locks up, no support, buy something else. We bought a Magellan 6000t and it started locking up right away. We had to reset every day loosing all info. Called Magellan 
Save your money!. Beauty is deceiving. The worst thing about this radio is that the plastic on off button will be rendered useless after one trip to the beach. Get 
Bad experience. Product needed to be returned. The transmitter is very poor and even after turning up my car stereo volume all the way I could barely even hear the 
Ink Cartridges. Epson s 3600 is a nice 3 in 1 Printer, Scanner, and Copier, but the Ink Cartridges SUCK ! This is my third and last Epson Printer.Robert H 
Don t buy for Steaming A V From Internet - Overpriced Underpowered. I bought this gizmo to watch and listen to streaming audio video direct from the internet. I listen 
A spastic GPS. The best thing about the Magellean 3000T is the large screen.Sometimes this gadget works like a charm--other times it just seems to pay no attention. Actually, the 
Doesn t Appear to Work with eXploruist XL. This is a qualified bad rating of this bracket because it doesn t appear to work with the XL model of the 
If you want extensive POIs or clear bluetooth, this is not the unit for you. I had the TomTom Go 510 for about 5 days before I decided to return 
Not practical. I have bought 5 of these for me and my friends, some were the 1gb version.Only one of us is still using it with no problems. The skin 
A poor choice. Sounds good- except the phone has a permant cord that allows you to move about 2 feet from the wall. It probably would never work on a 
Very Poor Quality Device. I normally don t like to write bad reviews; however, I m compelled to do so for the Linksys WCG200 version 2 due to the chronic 
Website misleading. On Amazon this product stated it was compatible with the Sansa e200 series. I ordered with that expectation but it does not work.  
Generic chip. I thought I was getting a PNY 512 SDRAM chip, got a Generic 512 chip that doesn t work in anything, I won t do it agai  
It Worked...At First... When i first got the MP3 player it was great, it worked fine and i was very pleased with its battery life. But then only 3 weeks 
hardly even zip the case when all 96 disc is in. for the price of the rebate, it is a good deal.Though don t expect you get an easy use 
broke after 1 year. Overall the recorder worked OK. A moderate inconvenience was that once in a while the recorded DVDs could not be finalized for unexplained reasons.However, that is 
Never worked properly, died after about 10 uses. This unit never really worked properly from the start. I would get the fearsome little balloon in the bottom right of XP 
Terrible, terrible product and evidently not made by Sharp . I bought this travel alarm at Target. It was shoddy from the outset, but for 10 I managed to use 
Quality control?. The second disc in this package was faulty, which I did not discover until I spent two hours recording a movie. There was what appeared to be a 
One fan made a scraping noise. You re money is better spent on another product.It s made out of plastic so it feels cheaply made. A nice thing about the 
The worst product ever. Disclaimer - this is my first webcam. It may be my last, if they re all like this one.I ordered this product and received it quickly. 
Never received it!. This item was promised to me as a free bonus for my purchase of Casio Exilim camera, but was never delivered. Now Amazon wants me to review 
 WARNING FOR GEN5 IPODS . After reading all the reviews I could find online, I thought this would be a perfect solution for a work related application. I have 
You re better off with the cheaper tower. I bought this antenna to replace a Terk tower antenna I had in my office that wasn t able to pick up 
Very Limited Life. I bought the ear buds to replace the ones that came with my iPod. I used it for about fifteen minutes and then the left earbud would 
Junk. Tons of static and I have a direct line running from this into my car stereo NOT FM TUNER . It chares fine and cuts off ipod when I 
Two single packs CHEAPER than One double?????. I cannot believe they WILL NOT change the price. 2 single packs are cheaper than 1 double pack. I HAVE TOLD THEM several 
Problems Ejecting USB Mass Storage Device with WinXP. It worked file with Win 2k, but as soon as I switched to Windows Xp, this device was rendered utterly useless to 
Defective Product - Prevents use of docking station, a v out, iTalk mic. Warning - your iPod may already be stuck! Good luck trying to get your iPod out of 
won t fit your ipod - don t bother with this product. i purchased the DLO action jacket neoprene for 20 & 40GB ipods for my wife for use on 
If I d wanted shorter wire... Both 100 spools of this wire came in TWO pieces.I discovered that I d have to splice it halfway through a difficult install. URHHHH!!!! 
crappy. I use this type of flash drive for my research and more than half the time I can never view the images on the computer or get the flash 
Incredible rip-off. 99.99 list price? Over 70 actual price? You ve got to be kidding! I never accuse companies of raping consumers, because we are free to choose what we 
CHEAP. Price reflects quality. Poor sound quality, NO features, not that easy to use. Don t waste your mone  
Great when it works. When the Inno works it is great, receives strong signals in NYC and easy to operate. However, my commute is around 90 minutes each way and 
Panasonic CD player is not continuous. The Panasonic CD player has a good sound quality, but does not automatically change from one CD to the next. It requires manual switching 
this thing is useless. Delivery was fast and transaction was good. However, the battery icon never got to the fully charged state so there is no way to tell whether 
It s a great item!. Only problem is, that it is only worth 19.00, which is the TRUE list price  
How much ink do they put in these things?. I run out of cartridges much faster with my HP using this cartridge than I used to with my old Epson. 
Don t buy if you own an Intel Mac. After I purchased and opened this product, I have found that Macally does NOT offer updated drivers for intel based macs.Buyers 
Worst Phone. This is the worst phone that anyone could ever buy. there is constant static and clicking in the background, making it hard to hear the person on the 
Ok...for short periods. I have used this mouse for 3 months with my laptop. Look feel and general use are fine for short periods of time ~&lt; 1 hour . 
Don t like it at all. I think this is a very bad wireless mouse. It didn t work wireless for me even though I charged the battery for more 
Maybe a night light !. I ordered this item thinking that it would be useful when on the road in hotel rooms to light up my work area. WRONG !! 
Looks Pretty in the picture. Would of been great to receive so I could of gotten some use of i  
Broke in less than a year. The player stopped working after only a few months - it would accept DVDs but not play them and refuse to eject them. That 
BEWARE SAMSUNG DLP DESIGN FLAWS!!!. Consumers should be aware of serious design flaws which exist in Samsung DLP televisions. Cooling fans and color wheels are highly susceptible to failing. As 
Wanted to like it, but... When I first started using this, I loved it. It worked fine in my car cassette deck and had decent sound. In fact, I bought 
Sony Battery. The battery life does not even come close to the advertised listing. Save your money and wait until Sony does a better job. I am a big fan 
Doesn t Work With Every Vehicle. This adapter would not work AT ALL in my 1996 Ford Ranger. The vehicle s cassette player kept ejecting it. However, it DID work 
poor quality control. I have had various WiFi networking solutions in my home and office for several years. While some Linksys units have worked for me, more often I have 
Not Good. The sound was great, but the DVD would lag every 10-15 seconds during any and all movies. It drove me nuts. I had to return it.  
Notorious Base Problem. After having installed the unit for 43 days, the suction cup snapped off the plastic mounting. This was a spantaneous break while driving sending the unit Flying 
waste of money. I thought I could save money by printing some photos on this less expensive matte photo paper. Big mistake. Quality is so poor that I m ready 
DID NOT WORK. This did not work what so ever. Don t, please don t buy it and waste your money on it.Vance William  
Not very reliable. I had to go through five disks in order to write two recovery disks for my PC. At this rate, I might get 20 good disks out 
Woof. The radio dials are not accessible when the radio is in the case -- I cut slits in the case with a knife to be able to tune the 
It was a nice set , until they service the warranty. Over a week ago I noticed my 9 month old Olevia LT37HVS locking up and shutting off by itself. 
Used once until the batteries died. The battery compartment is nearly impossible to open without breaking the latch that holds it in place. After great difficulty, I was able to 
Disappointing. This is not a dictionary you can download onto your memory card. It comes on its own memory card, which you have to insert into your pda to use. 
Includes all necessary hardware?. This mounting kit will be perfect for you... as long as you have a stud exactly in the right place. Unlike most kits that include a 
Cheap materials. The tent pops up with wire frame, but not all the way. It only opens 80 . The back drop material is all wrinkled  
Powered?. They mislead me into thinking the power for the signal booster comes from the my existing cable, great! What is actually needed is to plug in the supplied AC 
Broken within hours. JUNK!. I ordered this item after reading the positive reviews here. BIG MISTAKE. Upon setting everything up, it all worked great for about two hours... then the 
Is Slightly Better Than Old One. The sound on the Sennheiser phone changes a lot. Sometimes the music is loud and sometimes low. The volume knob is not that good. 
Scratched my Macbook. As long as its on, it will prevent scratches, but its tough to get off, and that act can scratch your laptop. It scratched my Macbook when 
not usable due to SonicStage. Hardware awesome, software a flop. Since you HAVE to use their software the package is destroyed. I will give you the final nail on the 
Look for other alternatives... I bought four of these and returned them immediately. Two were dead out of the box. A third had horrible sound.After searching the internet and reading 
Poor Product and Terrible Support. I wish I had read the other reviews before buying this product. Indeed it does not work on my WinXP PC. The program will not 
didn t work for my dvd player. This was listed as compatible with daewoo dvd players, but did not work for mine. Customer support said that I would have to 
zero stars actually. Sounds like two paper cups on a string, no tone quality at all.It doesn t matter which channel you broadcast on they all bleed over each other.I 
Okay with regular photos . Try doing something other than copying or scanning both work quite well actually and you are in for a terrible time. The settings are simplistic 
Major problems with trying to watch any type of movie-video. Viewing the internet this monitor was great. When I tried to play a movie, DVD DISC, MPEG, AVI, ANYTHING. The 
Bad Choice!. I bought this Mp3 player because it was just a few bucks cheaper than the Ipod and I ended up paying dearly for it. It is a piece 
The easier way to do it. I mean seriously guys, is it really worth forking over to those greedy peeps at Sony over 40 dollars just for a silly memory 
I hate this drive. I bought it thinking it will be a sturdy drive, and Lexar anyway had a good name in flash drives.But to my utter dissapointment, barely 2 
Seems like a good idea, but... The DUB-CR200 seems like a good idea. 8-in-1 card reader and two more net USB 2.0 ports all in one nicely styled unit. Great 
Would be great if it was usable. I was excited to receive the product however it did not fit my laptop. Everytime I opened the lid a POPPING sound would 
Total Junk, Avoid. Just like all other DVD media Memorex offers, this is total junk. I can t believe CompUSA would carry such an inferior product. Yes, the discs worked 
Expensive and hard to find. The suspicious side of me wants to believe that HP did a promo with their Deskjet 612C - i.e. they sold the printer cheap or 
Weak!. This light is very weak for a LED light. Consider the Coast Digitac II if you are looking for a high quality flashlight that uses a single AA battery.If 
Clock fine, radio lousy. The clock itself works well. It did take till sometime during the middle of the night for the atomic time to connect we set a backup 
Disappointment. The product didn t do what it said it would. I cut the power to use it in my car I shouldn t have assumed it worked properly so 
Decent when it worked right. Not sure if I just got a lemon or what but would never purchase this player again. It worked right most of the time, but 
LOOKS ARE DECEIVING. It looks great and has a great price, but when I got this one in the mail and keyed in the code it worked to turn the 
Good piano but the stool breaks easily. I bought this last Christmas for my three year old and five year old. Thesound of the piano is a little off, but 
Routing bugs, reluctance to fix them. I was a user and fan of iGuidance v2, but I cannot recommend iGuidance v3 until iNav addresses these issues:On a recent trip between 
Didn t Work. I followed the install instructions to the letter, but the install program started giving me an error that I couldn t get past. I downloaded the latest 
Not as good as it should be. I was disappointed that you need special disks, but even after that, the printing is mediocre, just below standards that is should be. 
defect!. I bought this item and not even three weeks later it quit working, the power won t turn on and it completely quits on you, don t order it 
Not what is in the picture......... Although description does not mention TV tunning,the image is misleading since it shows TV besides AM and FM. Future buyers should know; what you 
Lousy radio.....do not buy. Reviewing the FR-300 weather news radio. Do not buy this radio. It is cheap, made in China, and is a lousy radio. You cannot tune it 
Not for home use. My wife and I have a small business and we bought one to use at the office. It seemed to work fine there I don t 
One terrible product. I bought this because I have a Toshiba, and Toshibas are notoriuos for having bad air circulation I didn t know this until I d had the 
Quality control?. The second disc in this package was faulty, which I did not discover until I spent two hours recording a movie. There was what appeared to be a 
Really not worth your money and its overpriced. I was very interested in buying this product even before it came out, but I have to say I am disappointed. This 
Even gave it a Second Chance. I do not recommend this product. I recieved my first Audiostation and the touch sensitive controls on the face of the unit did not 
Works at first but then dies at restart. I was very excited to try this product on my powerbook G4.. it worked the very first time.. but after a restart.. 
Beware No Mute, No Easy Ringer Off. No mute button? Isn t that illegal? How about having to drill down menu after menu to just to turn off the ringer? 
Don t buy this piece of junk. It s clumsy, cumbersome, not great quality, and a bad idea. In addition to that, mine will no longer work after very limited 
Hate this clock!. The clock is a great size for travel, but I don t like it at all. It doesn t synch quickly enough to the Atomic Clock, the 
Didnt Travel Well. While traveling in China I hooked up this charger to a Sharper Image voltage converter and had to through it away after it started smoking. A much 
walkie talkie. Arrived damaged and seller would not back the product. Amazon stood behind the sale and refunded payment. Beware of certain sellers  
disappointed. Am is now making a clicking sound....very weak....looks great but not as strong as I had thought in terms of sensistivity.......I love poratable am-fm radios..........  
I got this as a gift and I feel bad that they wasted . Phone broke after minimal use. Not a good shop phone. The other reviews say it all. 
Disparate cord length- more than irritating. I read all of the reviews here and thought these would be the best option for easy transport AND low ambient sound i-pod headpohones 
Mine broke after 7 months and 1 day. good while it lasted, POS broke yesterday for no reason, won t read anything i put in it, phillips customer service was 
Not as per my Expectation and Price. I used this phone for four weeks and then returned it. The volume was really low and it was really very difficult to 
Not Dependable. It worked great for a short time. I had only used it about a dozen times when it started to work sporadically then a couple of days later 
Far better than the other versions of this product. I ve used several other versions of this product and this seems to be the one that works the best and 
Not worth it. I purchased this item Jan 2006. It has already quit recognizing any of the items plugged into it. My USB printer went beserk when I plugged it 
Avoid this access point. I bought this to support just 3 users in a section of a small branch office that was too cumbersome to hardwire. Unless you want to 
POOR SOUND. I HAVE ALREADY SENT THE T.V. BACK TO TOSHIBA TO HAVE THE VOLUMN REPAIRED, THE T.V IS IN THE KITCHEN AND YOU CANNOT HEAR IT AT MAX. VOLUMN 
Don t waste your money on these headphones. I am on my second pair of these, thinking I had a faulty power connection with my first pair. Within days of 
Tooooooo Sloooooooow!. Disappointed. It works great in the suburbs if there aren t a lot of streets close together. Way too slow calculating recalculating in larger towns and cities. Also, 
Didn t help my player!. Can t say much about this item. My DVD player wouldn t even load it. Either the cleaner is useless or my DVD player is 
Not real good!. Install and set up was a bit confusing. Had to contact tech. support not real friendly or warm . We were looking to save time for data 
20 pounds max. I bought this mount because I wanted to be able to adjust both the vertical and horizontal alignment of my new HDTV panel. The product description says 
CX4600 Epson Printer and Ink CArtridges. I ve had Epson C82, C84 and CX 4600 Printers and they ALL have the same problems = INK CATRIDGES that don t work 
could be better. i ve come to expect a decent level of quality when i buy a microsoft product but this mouse seemed like it was just some generic rebaged 
Very Disappointed. Received this as a Christmas present and was initially excited about it. The setup application worked well and I was able to enter all of my devices and 
not good. I ordered this by mistake- I used them anyway- I just have to say I ve gotten better batteries at a dollar store- dont waste you hard earned 
Lexmark no. 32 Ink cart. After clicking 1 click order i found out that this cartridge was not shipped from Amazon [ I was going to order both black and 
Stay Away - Bad design. I purchased a white one of these for the holidays. Less than 6 months later the connector for docking the ipod broke off from the 
RUN, Run Forrest; Run fast, take it from ME!. .............Is not functional................ .If you are reading this then you are Gump-y! And, you and I must be family.First, I love 
Don t buy. I wasted a day trying to get this to work on two different PCs. The first, a Dell M50 Precision laptop with 1 GB memory and a 
DO NOT BUY UNTIL YOU READ THIS. After calling in a computer knowledgable friend to help me install this print server; and spending 6 hours trying to install the Linksys 
Unreliable and breaks. I purchased several of these presenters to use at our agency. I made my decision primarily based on the reputation of Microsoft. When I first received the 
this phone is NOT headset compatible !!. This may be a perfectly good phone, and I ve had great success with other Uniden products. But Amazon s specifications for this 
Was great- but unreliable. I bought this shredder a year ago from Target, and at first, was very, very happy with it. It s powerful, shreds great, has a window 
Poor product, terrible support. I constantly lose connection with this card while my other Belkin card stays connected. Eventually I decided to get rid of this card and get another 
HELP!!! From Camp Arifjan, Kuwait. Could someone please help me get some use out of this device. I work in Kuwait as a DOD Contractor on Camp Arifjan. This is 
disappointing. There were several disappointments with this product. First it shipped without a transformer, assuming one would use it only with batteries. Its controls are cumbersome. Sound is OK  
Avoid MEMOREX dvd media if using NEC 1300a. Use Maxell or Fuji disks. They work flawlessly  
Polk 45 s are awesome. I read the other reviews and was worried about the bass output but not to worry! I hooked these up to my new Denon 1707 
BEFVP41 V1.0 no longer updated by Linksys. The latest firmware version available from Linksys for BEFVP41 V1.0 is dated 2003. Don t waste your money, and be sure to buy 
Prevented the computer from booting. The hub prevents the computer from booting. Search on the web found that numerous others had the same problem. Belkin was unable to provide any 
Too small!. I purchased this for my Deskjet 460C so I would be able to transport my printer and have it padded and protected-no way would it fit with the 
DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. I bought a KX-TG5100M and in 30 days, it died. The phone battery not only died, but then it would not charge properly with an 
I ve finally learned a VERY expensive lesson. DON T BUY THIS PRODUCT. There, simple advice I wish someone had given me before I bought two of these. With the 
not a good product. Don t buy if you plan on printing often...runs out very very fast.  
sony should stick to TVs. These speakers are big in size but short on performance. Except for the price tag, not much else excites one about them. They make a 
Disappointed. The good: Lots of bells and whistles; Bluetooth, mp3 player, custom points of interests.Nice options for pedestrian and bicycle mode. Although I am not sure it s waterproofenough if 
A Nightmare! Don t buy from Electronics Expo!. A Nightmare! Don t buy from Electronics Expo! The 1st Sharp 52 LCD TV was late, had a smashed HDMI & 4 
Slow and Unreliable. The 2.0 GB SanDisk Cruzer Micro flash drive looked like a good deal when I saw it on display at Office Depot. It was roomy enough for 
RIP-OFF: Doesn t advertise that you need an AC adaptor. I would like to believe that this hub works well- but I wouldn t know. I bought it to reduce 
Tried hard to like it. The software is terrible, slow and glitchy. I have to start and close it multiple times to get it to find the player. The operators 
Awkward shape, avoid it. The shape conforms perfectly to the designer s hands, but unless you share the same DNA, I d avoid this product. I ve used many of 
Where has quality gone?. Certainly not into the Uniden CLX485, thats for sure. I have owned plenty of cordless phones in my day and to be honest, I wish I 
Unacceptable. TRASH. The button that sets the clock in and out of daylight savings time is right on top of the clock and is activated by a single touch. So 
disappointing. I bought 2 of these drives to set up a RAID1 array mirror and one of them continuously has errors, causing the array to be degraded. I called tech 
not happy. The picture quality is very good.The delay in changing channels is not a big deal, usually you will have a satellite or cable box hooked up anyway to 
linksys BEFSR81 v.3 - PROBLEMS. I had an old Linksys 8 port router and it was a fairly decent router. As it got old it became quirky and I replaced 
Creates new scratches, didn t fix the old ones. I bought this repair kit so I could watch a rental movie. It had quite a few scratches and was skipping 
Maybe I got a bad one. My experience: I got this from FM, not Amazon. The DVD player rattled pretty loudly sometimes but not always when I put in a 
Average performance. Installation was very easy. But I had later troubles with this unit. But after reinstalling the driver it was ok. Performace is average.  
Serial to PS 2? No, just wiring. Don t expect this device to work for all types of mice. After you ve got one, as you may find soon if 
does not work with Toshiba laptops. Beware -- this unit does not work with Toshiba laptops. Tech support is non-existent. You will never get through on the phone. Email support 
Defective Design. This item, produced and marketed exclusively for the iAudio X5, is entirely useless. The carrying case does not comply with the measurements of the device itself. The ONLY 
please heed these reviews and don t support this product. I was extremely excited by the marketing of these waterproof headphones. WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT. The first pair was muffled and 
Cool while it lasted = . I purchased this 3 months ago and have been using it nonstop since. Unfortunately, after dropping it the thing no longer works, so it 
Compare for yourself. I own a Bose VCS-10 center channel. I would say that it is a good speaker for certain applications. You will find worst and your will find 
Worked well until the DVD broke. The picture is good and the combo was convenient. However, after 1 year, the DVD broke. Now I have just a TV. This is 
Product appears to be mislabeled by Amazon- I checked the. manual and I cannot find that it supports SACD  
Received a defective camera - Dlink bad decision. I bought this camera and just when I am out of the country installing it I get the tech support guys tell 
Had to throw half of them away. I m not one to enjoy buying a pack of 50 CD s and having to throw half of them away because the 
Ripped off by Sony. RIPPED OFF BY SONY Just purchased this for my daughter at college. It records for less than a hour with the included 32MB card. ALL HIGHER 
Unfortunately, it s flawed... As expected the AudioStation sounds very good. However, there are some functional problems that ruin the experience. On the unit both volume controls turn down the 
Awful. Do not buy. This may be the worst product I ve ever bought. It has never worked properly. I ve kept fresh batteries in it, but it s still 
I wish there were negative stars.... The DVDs are a rip-off, although I m counting on the REBATE to at least break even not counting my time .The DVD player 
Short lifespan. O.k., I purchased these batteries over a year ago and only opened the pack now. These batteries will not hold a charge and my charger indicates that the 
i dont like this mouse. I dont like this mouse, i brought, and never work, its useles  
Try to find a port. I own a Sony VAIO computer. In the computer, there are no ports to put in this cord. Ended up buying something for [money] to 
HORRIBLE!. I bought this to connect via 1 8 Monster patch cable directly to my CD player. There is a ton of static and line noise introduced when using it 
Not needed. Cheaper to go to Radio Shack or most stereo stores and get exactly what you want of equal quality at a lower price  
Old Adage is True You Get What You Pay For . I was hoping for a great deal on these batteries, but like other reviewers I ve found that they 
Missing batteries. I am also missing the batteries and the charger. I tried regular AA batteries, but they die really quickly, and when they die, the lens doesn t retract. 
can not block the fans noise from my server. I bought this one to cancel the server s noise in my cube. Turns out to be waste of money. Not 
Important info not mentioned in product details. This player is useless if you own a Macintosh. You need the safely remove hardware wizard in Windows to modify the charging status. 
It will let you down. There are many aspects of the T5 people want to count as negatives. For me I consider them annoyances but not killers. I would like 
Poor choice for Sony ICF-SW7600GR. I purchased this adaptor thinking I could use it to power my 7600. I was wrong. It makes so much RF noise I wonder why 
OK but not great. This has been a bit disappointing in regard to the signal quality I get for my Home Theater PC. I got nearly the same signal strength 
Not ready for primetime. Purchased to do a full backup of my hard drive. Seemed to install just fine but backup procedure produces nothing but error messages. Wish I had 
card didn t work - poor customer service. I bought this card and the Belkin Pre-N wireless router in Nov. 2006 at a BestBuy store during Thanksgiving sale. The router 
Poor battery life. After using these radios two months I can say that battery life is poor.A full charge doesn t hold three hours.Perhaps my batteries didn t come in 
I returned this item...not functional. This item was not practical. It looked good but not being able to zip the sides all the way down because of the cute water 
Check compatibility. Thought this would work with my new iPod Shuffle, but no. Super deal IF you have the right iPod. I offered the two items as give-aways to co-workers, 
Real Disappointment. I received this unit as a gift. Rechargeable batteries work well for my portable electronics and I thought this 15-minute charger would be a huge improvement over the 
Slow and noisy. I have this printer in my office and am considering replacing it with an Epson. I has a lot of features.. espcially for the price i.e. direct 
HAs anyone else had this problem??. Heres a new one....I have recently bought two spindles of these discs, and my computer Imac w Intel chip-hardly outdated simply doesnt recognize them-like 
Product does not match Item Description listed on Amazon .Com site. Ships incorrect items. Product recieved does not match Product Site Description listed on Amazon.com  
Hmm. I had this unit for almost a year working perfectly. Loved it. Then one day the bluetooth just stopped working. It will not connect and the blue light does 
Disappointed. I was hoping to give this to my husband for father s day. It would have been great for the many power outages we have.Much to my dismay, not 
Blah phone. I sent it back. The price was right but the caller ID didn t function. When I got in touch with AT&T, they told me, maybe this phone 
Ipod FM transmitter. Although very convenient, the reception was not good, and the device broke after a couple of weeks. I would not recommend it  
Not worth it. Purchased this antenna to extend the range of my linksys compact wireless router. Made no difference at all! Tried to return but could not get a return 
Bad Compatibility. I have the older, larger version of this product. However, it uses the same software. The labels are great and the spring device that is used to apply 
Not worth the hassle. After receiving the item I installed it in my Explorer and gave it a test run while out Christmas shopping. The picture quality on the main 
Piece of garbage. The little box with a few lights arrived in good condition and on time which was the good bit. I fitted it in my car even though 
I just paid 29.99 for 100 sparkly Frisbees from Amazon. This just don t make no motha & since. At less than a dollar per sparkly Frisbee, this is the 
Not a good product. The FM tuner would not bring in a clear station without interference from nearby stations. The radio part, hence, was worthless. The speakers are sub standard, 
This thing is a hunk of junk. Don t believe the last review. I had mine about a month before I tossed it out the window somewhere near Charlotte, NC. 
print heads are duds. I have had this printer for more than a year. At first, it was a great printer. Not anymore!! It uses up ink like no other, 
Incredible rip-off. 99.99 list price? Over 70 actual price? You ve got to be kidding! I never accuse companies of raping consumers, because we are free to choose what we 
These DVD-Rs suck. I used a 25 pack of these doing DVD backups, and the last 5 or so failed. I thought it was my software, so I got new 
I d give it 0 if I could!. I went through no less than THREE of these Linksys toys trying to connect my second TiVo DVR to my wired network 
Lots of static. The phone has too much static unless you re sitting right next to the console, in which case you might has well have a corded phone  
3 of 4 DVDRs got errors. They have no label on the top hard tell which side is up .These are the worst DVDRs i have ever seen and used.The 
There are three different versions with this model number. The original version of this router was version 1000, based on the same platform as Belkin s F5D8230-4 Pre-N and the 
alarms: what is that. the alarms don t pay any attention to the settings in sounds and notifications. they repeat twice and then quit. the light doesn t flash except 
WORST LAPTOP LIGHT. i have three reasons for my thinking. they are simple and quick so here it goes: it falls of my laptop very easily, it is not very 
Not meant to be plugged in all day . Netgear is supposed to have a 5 year warranty 2 on the power supply . I had one of these for 
Hawking Hi-Gain antenna not as advertised. I bought this antenna hoping that it would improve signal strength as they advertised 6dB on the box. The performance was worse than the 
Buyer Beware!!!. I bought this TV to use during lunch breaks at work and to take to football games. It couldn t pickup any VHF channels and could only pickup 
Problems from the beginning. I bought this device because I loved that I could use it for both work and personal fun. I bought it in September 2004, and by 
horrible mouse. I have had two of these. Both of them do not work. the first one lasted for about half a year then broke. the 2nd one broke the 
Sucks!. It gets stuck just when you need a disk. Stay away from this device. Missed ejected disk references. You will feel really pissed off in front of a such 
&quot;It doesn t work&quot;. In my case, it was a total waste of money....&quot;It doesn t work&quot; After numerous calls to Command support and sending unit back for bench chk, 
Temporary device. I would only recommend this product if you need something that only lasts six months. There is a reason the warranty is only 90 days. The performance sound 
Product Has Bugs, Customer Service Won t Help!!!. I purchased the 8GB Creative Zen V Plus player during the first week in February. I am returning it and this is 
Great service if you never plan on canceling. I have been a subscriber for 4 years. Back in November my account was turned off due to a billing issue. The 
 Improved ? The new version is garbage!. It s true, CL has improved this product. In the process they ruined it. For one thing, they removed several features, for 
Tryed everthing can t get it to work. I have tried everything and I can t get this to work. I have called the number to ask them but everytime 
HORRIBLE!. HORRIBLE is the only word I can think of to describe this product. I ll preface my comments by saying that I do not consider myself to be an 
Install CD has viruses. I just recently bought this and when I installed it Norton caught 2 viruses on the install CD.  
Pilfered shipment, damaged. THe container of DVDs had been cut open, apparently before packaging for shipment. Over twenty discs were missing, and the remainder were covered with dust and debris. 
Nice hardware - really bad drivers. Ever since I loaded the Targus drivers on my Tungsten C, the battery discharges quickly and won t take a full charge.I ve removed 
Do Not Buy This Webcam. I gave a one star to this item only because I couldn t give a lower rating than that. The image quality is very very 
I just paid 29.99 for 100 sparkly Frisbees from Amazon. This just don t make no motha & since. At less than a dollar per sparkly Frisbee, this is the 
Lousy pins. I purchased this cable and the pins were weak and clumsy. I could not even plug it in and one of the pins broke. I threw it away. 
bad. constips extremely easy on carpet and if you have a lot of cds stacked at the toppoorly designed, it is a vertical cd rack that doesnt have individual slots 
Inefficiency. I ordered several ink cartridges at one time and was appalled when I received a slew of large boxes to deliver my order. The increased cost of shipping the 
not even... I haven t enjoyed the boom box because the antenna couldn t find a signal, after moving it to every possible south facing setting, to send to the 
Measure studs spacement first!!!. Big dissapointment! I should have read the reviews more carefully.. I bought this unit because it was recommended as accessory to the Sansumg 42 LCD I 
Don t bother using the software that comes with this kit. The main reason I bought this kit was for the label applicator, the software was secondary. Good thing that 
Stay Away!. I have 16X Lite-on writer, and it keeps thrashing my writer drive when I insert this blank disk, and it only writes up to 99 then CRASHED! I 
HAs anyone else had this problem??. Heres a new one....I have recently bought two spindles of these discs, and my computer Imac w Intel chip-hardly outdated simply doesnt recognize them-like 
Junk Monitor. I have owned this monitor for a little bit over one year and it died on me right after the one year warranty expired. The customer services rep 
Unusable, but perhaps so due to 802.11b wireless and apptmnt. The phone was unusable due to high static, yet it might be because of the number of wireless data networks 
eh. The silver metal paint wore off within a few months and the plastic clip broke off so it can no longer be clipped to a pocket. Also, the turning 
Don t buy this for home use. This clock looks good and has a nice feature set, but while it may make a nice travel clock if your cell phone 
Horrible!. When my Sony LCD monitor died, I had to replace it. This Acer looked great in the store. But it was too loud in there to hear that the 
Poor quality control. I received a black and a color ink cartridge for a HP DeskJet 950C. The black cartridge worked fine. The first color cartridge flat out did not 
How about a hammer for a stylus?. This product stinks. Typically, the documentation is not written in standard English, but in some cyber-patois that no civilized person understands. Their support 
Sounds cool but a big waste of time. Here s the thing: it s not like you magically hook up your device to this and it charges from the sun. 
I WON T be buying Memorex any more!. Creating a DVD, using iMovie to iDVD EVEN on a PowerMac G5 Quad superfast, supergreat! is a 4-5 hour process. A 10-15 
Poor Support. My new Nikon Coolscan V ED worked very well for the first six hours after I put it in use. Then the film strip adapter which is needed 
Disappointing and overpriced. This is an overpriced and disappointing product that is third rate at best. The user interface is cumbersome and inferior to your average shareware product. But this 
Attachment problem. I have been unable to use the Yoke because I am unable to attach it to my desk, drawer or anything else. The clamping devices are unrealistic. Either 
Cords come out too easily. The usb and power cords come out very easily which ends up being dangerous for the hard drive file system. The power cord kind of 
Lexar Media 2.0 doesn t deliver!. The Lexar Media 2.0 cannot function smoothly with a one gigabyte card from Olympus. The help site explains how, with my Mac, I can 
Can t really recommend this unless ya want a pretty light. I ve had this product in my windowed Lian-Li PC-60 for about 5 months now. I had bought it 
Viewing angle problem spoils nice alarm clock. This clock has a nice design, easy to use and doesn t take up a lot of night stand space. But in order 
Did not work with Apple Airport Extreme and PSP LF-PK1. I could not get this unit to work wirelessly with the Sony Locationfree LF-PK1 and an Apple Airport Extreme router.I 
Annoying popping noises. I ve had these speakers for about 3 years now and I m really not happy them. There is some hissing but that is to be expected 
Don t Bother. Not a worth while purchase. You will be wasting your money on headphones that work some of the time. When your tv is getting low volume feed 
Wrong Selection for my laptop. I purchased this item mainly to view the videos in my laptop on TV but couldnt do so coz my laptop is not detecing the 
Not great - loads of static. I agree with the previous reviewer - there is a lot of static and interference with these things. We actually hardly ever use them 
waste of money. Not very user friendly, limited vocabulary, finally threw it away when it got stuck on Turkish which was a language I have no use for. Hope there 
18 months and no longer works. Like other users have experienced, this unit is no longer functional after 18 months. The wired base is still working but the wireless range 
not worth the 40. I recently bought my second of these. The first had a digital tuner. You had to get used to the feel. After about a year of 
Circuit design problem. It keeps trying to jump up to the next frequency. Sometimes it will jump back down again, but other times it has to be reset.I have used 
Not plug and play. I got this mouse a few days ago, so I cannot comment on the quality of the mouse itself. However, this is the first USB-mouse I 
simply doesn t work. Same as above, will not work with Dell. Considering Dell s share of the computer market, don t you think Amazon ought to tell us this, 
Too cheap to work well. The sound is a bit distoted, radio reception is OK. But the headphone cable is too short. The most anoying is that there is now 
Poor Product. Despite not being written on the packaging or website my HP iPaq RX3417 was compatible with this keyboard.Unfortunatly the software supplied was extremely bad, clogging my PDA making 
Annoying scroll. In less than 1 year the scroll wheel starting sticking which means that when you want to use it for scrolling the computer recognizes it as if you 
Not worth getting unless they fix the software first. This is for a PowerMac G5, or so the label says. I haven t tried this on older G4 computers so 
Not the best. 7 out of the 25 disks would not write. I didnt much care for the product considering this factor.  
May be nice features, BUT... I m a tech. who recently tried to help install & configure the wifi printer server card which later turned out to be faulty. Installing 
Do Not Buy This Product. I should have read the reviews. If I had, I would have known this product does not work on Intel based Macs. What a waste!! 
Buy Sandisk Instead. I recently received this as a Christmas gift, and it didn t work from the start. After much time wasted with their tech support the device was 
Faulty Driver. I bought this drive only a few hours ago, saved very important documents to it, and all of a sudden, it doesn t want to open on me. 
Minimal Range & 80 FCC License = Poor Value. This GMRS 2-way radio claims to have UP TO 16 MILE RANGE . However, on the back of the packaging there 
Total Piece of Junk. Don t be deceived by the sleek modern looks and digital tuning of this radio. Although the AM FM portion worked fine and dandy, it was 
No Bass, awful headphones. These headphones have no bass whatsoever. I would never buy these, please keep shopping as there are better products for the money out there. The headphones 
OUCH! whose brainchild was this? It has no use ever being made or produced!. The 49A cartridge gives you about 2,500 pages of print.The 49X gives you about 6,000 page 
No shuffle between disks. I will be returning my CD changer while keeping the wave music system The reason is that it does not have the capability to shuffle between 
Waste of time. I used this reader for a week before it stopped working. It worked OK for the week that it worked at all. It would not read xD 
Creative s Horrible Customer Service. I really wanted to love this little player and for the first 40 days or so I did. I like the Ipod too but I 
Such low quality for a high price.......... First off this is not a case, it is a pouch with a clear plastic front and draw strings at the top. Once 
Garbage backed by a garbage company!. I ordered this player from Fingerhut and unfortunately didn t try to use it until the time to return it had expired. IT HAS 
Only so-so. So going from the Delphi Skyfi to a Nexus here are my thoughts.I don t mind the passport idea, I like it. I used to have two accounts, 
wrong item pictured!. The item in the picture is NOT the corresponding product for the description. The picture is for the CF to XD adapter.  
Incompatibility. This component was returned because it was not compatible with my Dell all-in-one printer. I was not alerted to this possibility by any information from the manufacturer, from the 
A disappointment. I was pretty excited about this player, having read about it in Runners World. There are a lot of problems with it, however. While it is advertised as 
Highly frustrated. After my trusty Archos player s display broke, I figured I upgrade and get me a 60GB iAudio X5. As a journalist doing interviews, I was also very 
Do not buy this for your car. The PocketDock is much thicker than the standard plugs and it does not have a locking catch mechanism.So, if your ipod is in 
Not ready for prime time. Overall, it works ok for turning on and off groups of components, setting the inputs and outputs and controlling the volume from the proper component. 
Adorable Decorations but they Sound Awful. These are irresistably cute but they sound terribly tinny and they are unbearable for more than five minutes. I regret giving them to someone 
Surprisingly serious shortcomings. I work on a helpdesk where our employer purchased a set of CS10s along with a set of older-style lifters for which I cannot find a model 
If only it could receive FM stations. I ve been using this radio for about six months now. I don t actually use it very often because of the poor 
Interior decays... This is a solid case, but after some months of use, I have 2 complaints. One is that the stylus falls out because of the way the case 
BEWARE SAMSUNG DLP DESIGN FLAWS!!!. Consumers should be aware of serious design flaws which exist in Samsung DLP televisions. Cooling fans and color wheels are highly susceptible to failing. As 
overpriced and tiny!. i was thinking about taking this unit to work, but i don t work in a LIBRARY! the drone of machinery and my co-worker s radios will 
Is this a joke?. This must be some sort of joke - to release this mouse for sale.It looks nice, and the hot-link buttons function well.As a pointing tool, though, 
Good except the compact flash card gets stuck. I use this in conjunction with the SanDisk Ultra II 2.0 GB compact flash card.I like it, but the flash card doesn 
Buyer Beware. This product is the worst sony product ever because of the lousy software included nero . it has never worked correctly even after downloading every patch and update 
It s a small thing....but. Why not sell the thing with a battery, it s a special battery, not available in the boonies, so I have a choice....Drive 30 miles 
Piece of Garbage. This item is an all around piece of garbage. After about 3 months of light use, it is stuck in 45 rpm mode. I sometimes use my 
I hate this Palm. I have been using a Palm for the past 6 years and this is by far the worst. It is constantly crashing. I had to get 
Scans well - hard to use images afterwards. I am glad I purchased my Cardscan 700, but there are some significant unfortunate missed opportunities and because of that some important 
Uncomfortable Fit, Mediocre Sound. The Sony MDR-IF3000 headphones have average sound quality and are very uncomfortable to wear. Perhaps, if one were an elf or a small child, they would 
Not completly worthless. after changing this antenna out several times with the motorola stock antenna on my wifi card,the results are, this antenna was a complete waste of money and 
Not sure about the durability. YMMV, but my 80GB drive died after 6 months. I found this be very handy to have around to transfer large files between work and 
Please Read this before you invest your cash in this product!!!!. First off let me state for the record that I only buy Sony , but I have toadvise you 
bose put their name on this crap?. I admit I am a brainwashed Bose fan and love their products. i got a 25 gift certificate for best buy and I 
Horrible software.. Installation: express install is over 200MB, full install about 650MB!!!It REQUIRES you to upgrade to Internet explorer 6 to continue installation how it this related to printer installation, 
Danelectro Fab Metal pedal. The overall construction of the pedal is pretty sturdy aside from the fact that most of it is made of plastic. The sound it produces ranges 
Recording quality ok.. but no 640x480 preview!!!. Nice compact box, and recording quality better than I expected.One major flaw though, no preview when recording 640x480 resolution, just a black screen 
Cute, but on a short leash. I just drove 120 miles round trip to buy this mouse from a brick and mortar store, because I wasn t sure about the 
bad product bad company to buy from. I purchased this item for my father for christmas. One day later is stopped working completely. This product was sold thru amazon by 
Looks good and sounds canned... I bought this one because of the good reviews here and I was very...very disaponted. It has more bass compared with most of the other 
Mine did not work... SONY advertised this as a 18x burner for DVD R media. I used the recommended brand Verbatim and Taiko-Yuden which are very high end media. I 
Caution!. The drive is speedy - no doubt about it. It had good features such as ability to create a secure and unsecure partition.But all its features are useless when 
good tape to use for beginners.. tapes are cheaply priced and the picture quality offered by them is even cheaper.i say if your doing everyday recording and dont care about 
Service Plan. I have yet to receive anything to indicate that i have purchased a 4year service plan. I am still awaiting this information. I should have been sent w 
Useless. As far as I can tell this thing doesn t work at all. I have now tried it on 3 cds and it did not repair any of them. 
did not work for me. This signal booster did not work for me. I set it up according to the instructions, connected to a Dlink Router DI-624.When I attempted to 
Lousy design. I m displeased. Egad! Upon receiving this remote control, I found that it requires four AAA batteries. There was no mention of that requirement in the product description! 
piece of #@ . This has to be absulotely the worst product I have ever used. Whatever you do, no matter how desparate you are, DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. 
Batteries are supposed to be standardized. I have two Ni-MH chargers and sony batteries won t charge in them. They probably use some proprietary technology to prevent using other brand 
Broke for me quickly. I have had two of these now. The first one broke, and I thought it was because I messed it up when I cleaned it. It 
Buyer Beware. I purchased the Crosley CR-57 in brushed chrome in February 2006. Less than a year later, it s inoperable and way out of Crosley s 90 day warranty. 
Okay, if you don t want it to be a portable. My mom bought this particular portable player for my son because we were going to be on some long 
Do NOT purchase this hard drive!!. To those people who said they haven t had any problems with this hard drive: just give it a few months.I bought the hard 
NOT FOR THE NEW IPOD NANOS!!!!!!!!!!. I got this for my wife s new nano, but the new nanos are not rounded on the corners like the older ones, so 
Great idea - but sound quality suffers. I have an XM-ready Onkyo SR-603X, and bought a Connect and Play, since I love XM so much in my car. Setup was 
NO HANDLE. Nice product before they decided to save a few pennies - I have purchased seven, but now it is made with out the handle - so if that 
Tilts in the HDMI socket and loses signal!. Picked one of these up because it was a lot cheaper than buying a new DVI to HDMI cable. BAD IDEA! The 
Only for a 30GB Vision. This case was designed for the first generation 30GB Zen Vision W, NOT the 1st Gen 60GB Zen Vision W...This was not called out on 
Scans OK but very poorly constructed. First, let me say that I could not review this product completely as it quit working after about 20 scans 30 minutes after charging 
Did not work with Car Stereo. I received this item and thought that the price was great, considering the reviews from others. Unfortunately, the AVB cassette adapter did not work 
problems with springs and batteries. I bought this charger 11 months ago. It came with 4 Kodak 1850 mA NiMH batteries. After a few months of light use, the batteries 
Didn t work for me -- But seller promised refund. I purchased this product and couldn t get it to work on a PC, laptop, or pda cingular 8125 . 
Clarity of the video is very poor. Clarity of the video is very poor when we connected to the TV  
Works! Sometimes = . I bought one of these from circuit city for 99. I live in St. Pete Tampa area. The auto station find was not very effective. I 
NOT for all XM2go radios. I have a Pioneer Inno and expected these to work based on the claim works with all XM2go radios , but the packaging when it 
So-so. I bought the iHome so that I could choose which songs to wake up to off of my iPod, and it worked well when it actually WORKED.After being very 
one star is even too many!!!. I m sorry for this review,but each one of my kids gets ONE Christmas gift...... I ordered this item in plenty of time and 
Cheap cordless solution. Mediocre voice volume. TERRIBLE with VoIP i.e. Vonage . I bought this phone to replace an older VTech 2426 phone which incidentally is a far superior model 
Don t recommend if you have other wireless gadgets. I tried to use the SH-FX60 kit with my Panasonic SC-HT740 system, but it only worked within 5 feet of the 
It s not worth it. I bought this after havinf the Belkin Tunecast II and have to say that i cannot see any improvement. The signal is TOO WEAK....TOOOOOOO WEAK 
Disappointing. I thought this was something I would use and enjoy. After just a few uses I can t be bothered with it. Most of the words I tried to 
Now you see it... now you don t!. The JumpDrive worked fine for me for about a month, and then it started acting weird. It was recognized by the Device 
The worst and most expensive router i ve owned so far. This thing is garbage. I originally had a client buy it, but we couldn t get Quick VPN to 
Lexar 2 gb Jump Drive Sport. I have had a 256 mb, 512 mb, and a 1 gb Jump Drive Sport. I love these sturdy and reliable drives. I was 
Nice unint when it work but Bluetooth is very flakey. I am an Air Force trained techie and have been for over 15 years. I have a lot of experience 
Lacie d2 Hard Drive Extreme failure 160 GB. It looks as tough as a tank, but it isn t. Once it crashed eveyone told me it s a very delicate 
Buyer s Beware. Amazon is NOT an authorized Samsung dealer and the manufacturer s one year warranty on this TV will not be honored by Samsung  
No built-in microphone - this is for video only. I was surprised when I got this product. It IS for video ONLY.All Logitech webcams I used before come with an 
bad design, bad product. I got one of these w my shuffle.Don t waste your money!!!Horrible design. With the velco in the back, against your skin, if you do work 
great while it worked - broke after 13 months. Really liked it. Would have rated it 4-star.But last night it suddenly stopped working and would not turnon anymore. Only the 
STATIC PRODUCER. The use of this AC power adaptor has increased the amount of static to the point where using the radio with the adaptor is pointless. On battery the 
Noisy CD changer that just died with no recourse. I purchased the unit less than 2 years ago based on some online reviews. As soon as I set it up, 
Software is for Windows only . . . First, let me say that Fasttrack works perfectly for my needs -- i needed to get a mic signal through an XLR 
Noise canceling...? Or music amplifying?. Stylish, comfortable, good sound quality...and utterly useless at noise cancelation. Great for allowing one to conveniently eavesdrop on seat-side passenger conversations while listening to your 
Poor Product. Despite not being written on the packaging or website my HP iPaq RX3417 was compatible with this keyboard.Unfortunatly the software supplied was extremely bad, clogging my PDA making 
Not for big screens. I have to agree with another review I just read here. The quality seems to be good, but it s just too small for any big 
Does Not Deserve the name. I have owned and programmed many SanDisk Cruzer MICRO drives and they work wonderfully. With that experience in mind, I ordered 10 4gb Cruzer Mini 
Nice package, horrible product. I got this KVM switch yesterday and hooked it up to my laptop and my old desktop. The laptop would display properly on the monitor, but 
Way too pricey for you actually get. I ll start by saying that I have found reception to worse than the 20 clock radio it replaced. For it s small 
Terrible sound... don t understand how people can say good things about it. This is a sincere comment on this product, and my first one ever. I bought it and 
waste of time & money. Upon testing this antenna I soon noted the signal strength significantly weaker both for transmittiny and recievin  
P.O.S. Believe me, this is not worth it! Get a Kensington. I already wasted my money on this, don t buy it. Horrible signal to noise ratio, poor reception, cannot 
October 2006. This dvd player is potentially a great, cheap and versatile machine BUT...The two i bought from Worldwide Distributers were faulty. I have a friend who owns a CH-DVD 
Good quality, but get the data power cable... The quality of this cable is fine, but it doesn t give you access to the power pins that are in the 
Incompatible. Make sure you know that these will work with your camcorder before buying. Apparently, they work fine with Sony camcorders the packet too says so but not with Canon. 
Not a recommended product. Sensitivity is below par on short wave. I also own a Sony ICF-SW7600GR - a much better radio in all respects. If you want a good 
DON T BUY THIS !!!!. This is basically a 1 8 male to RCA cable for 73; you could get the same exact cable for 5.99 at Radio Shack. Yeah 
Major driver installation problems with 98SE. Wasted hours trying unsuccessfully to install the driver for the IOGEAR GIC251U 5-port USB card on a Dell Optiplex GX-1 running 98SE. This computer 
It did not work. I had to return the card because it did not work. Not sure if this was a fluke or represents a larger problem with this provider 
NOT Apple Easy to set up. My setup should have been super simple. It was super simple for my old Airport Extreme Mac G4 Desktop without an internal Airport card 
Misbegotten and hard to use -- really poor design for usability. This mouse is incredibly difficult to use. There s actually only one button: The whole carapace of the mouse. 
bridging use.. I bought this product to use it as a bridging client in an existing belkin wireless network and it failed to pass any data even though it showed 
Nice features but No range. This phone has about a 20 foot range before it starts cutting out. It has great features but you can t really move all about 
Awful. I picked one of these up from the Apple store and used it that day. Not only does the product not broadcast well I had to hold it two 
not a real instrument. This is a toy guitar. I can not say that enough. It does not stay in tune. My son received one as a gift from a 
bad quality. I bought this item like 2 months ago, and now it s broken. I m sooo frustrated.I d not recommend buying this item  
Not good. The LCD is easier to use than the earlier version that relied on audio clips to switch frequency. You may have to experiment a good deal to find 
Do not buy. Mouse movement is extremely slow. It literally takes 10 ! seconds to get from one side of the screen to another 800x600 . I just got it 
It works... for a while. Although the software interface wasn t the most sophisticated, the WG111 was easy to install and worked well enough for about six months. Then it 
Broken on delivery. Can t tell you how well it works as it was broken! The cd lid does not close!  
I don t like this item from BlueProton. I don t like BlueProton because they sent me a defective item and I have to pay the return shipping fee.I like 
Power Problems. This drive may be excellent. I ll never know. I have now gone through two of them.The first one let out a loud pop and started smoking after 
If i could give it ZERO stars I would.... You get what you pay for. In this case, junk. It lasted all of 2 days and one use. The wires 
re: Absolutely terrible. To celebrate the anniversary of our company, we thought we d give all employees a gift. Our Apple phobic IT guys nixed the Ipod as a choice, 
Good system - one huge flaw. This is a good product - sounds great, gets good battery life, everything you d hope for in an iPod dock. But it has 
Low quality, looks very cheap. I bought 2 of them- one for me and another for my fiancee. It looked pretty good deal. When the product arrived, I was so 
wrong item twice. Ordered an antenna the middle of Nov, 05. Received wrong item with in 10 days. I let them aware of problem then I mailed back wrong item. 
Works fine, but only have memory for 20 names. 20 names is pathetic. Should be at least 50 or 100  
Poor quality and DivX problems...returned unit. I was very excited about this unit when I ordered it, but the pixelation was very bad due to the variable bit rate VBR 
don t like it. IT SQUEEKS LOUD CAN T LISTEN TO THE CD BECAUSE THE CASSETTE ADAPTER SQUEEKS TO LOU  
Nope, not for a 17 inch notebook... We ve got Sony s 17 inch VGN-A series notebook, and no, it doesn t fit. Once the notebook is inserted into the 
Buy another clock. This appears to be a very cheaply made clock. The cover for the battery broke when first opened, and had to be taped on. The clock takes 
No TUNER Included. This product does not have its own tuner, which is not mentioned on Sony s webpage, nor in any specifications of the product. It is revealed unhappily 
What a waste of money. I was unfortunate enough to get one of these things for a gift.Since it was a gift I was stuck with it even though it 
Cheap made in china case. This case is another example of shoddy cheap made in china junk to save a buck.The design of the case is basically like that of 
Not comfortable and too expensive for what you get. This gel mousepad with wristrest is pretty hard on the wrist, you really have to press hard to get it to 
look elsewhere. Like other reviewers I ve had 2 units as a result of warranty returns. The units work for a while and then the Bluetooth begins to fail to 
Junk. I purchased this cd player as a gift for someone, and the cd player didn t work either! Very disappointing...Do not purchase this product  
Don t buy. I am in the process of my 2nd return. The CD player is junk. Our radio worked but am very frustrated- I cannot believe that GE would 
POOR DISTANT TRANSM ITION. JUNE 04,2006I PURCHASED THIS RADIO FOR EMERGENCY PURPOSES, HOWEVER IT SEEMS TO BE VERY WEEK. I AM A DOUBLE AMPUTEE AND AM CONFINED TO A WHEEL 
What a let down . . . I purchased this MP3 player thinking it was a good purchase. Boy was I wrong. Creative Labs tend to have glitches whether it 
Encryption is not for Macs yet, not for Windows domains. I bought this because I wanted an encrypted device that I could use to offload personal documents I receive while 
Known software bug may bite you!. While it looks like a great toy, this never installed on my XP home system. After 3 hours with Logictech support that is phone 
OK, so it isn t just me... I ve had two of these cute lights now -- one was a replacement for the other. As much as I enjoyed the 
Roll the dice, this one is a gamble. I purchased this item and one month later I still have not received any paperwork. I emailed and have not received a 
terrible. I purchased a CD player to play CDs. Out of the box it wouldn t work. Then I was told it couldn t be returned. It took three weeks 
RIP-OFF: Doesn t advertise that you need an AC adaptor. I would like to believe that this hub works well- but I wouldn t know. I bought it to reduce 
Overpriced. The batteries were priced higher than my local supermarket and I foolishly thought the shipping would be a couple of dollars. I paid 20 dollars for batteries that would 
bought two with same problem. I use a headset with this phone for meeting and both phones that I bought ended up static and the person on the line couldnt 
Worked OK for about 230 days, then stopped. The drive arrived at the end of December, was quick to get up and running, and worked fine until yesterday. Then it 
Holux GPSlim236 is junk. I bought this device and it worked great for about 60 days. It would connect to the satellites quickly and held a long charge. After the 
Skype better come up with something quick or they will start losing market share!. Do not buy this unit. I have tested the VoSky, IOGEAR and now US Robotics and 
Nifty but kind of cheap quality. Likely discontinued because I bought this on sale at Frys for only 4.99. It was worth that price.Like the other reviewer said it dominates 
Great sound, horrible DVD. The sound on this system is really fantastic for the price, but I ve had the same experience as the other reviewer. The DVD skips constantly, 
Dlync Video phone 1000. Setting this unit up has been impossible, and I have not been able to use it. I have sought help of Dlync website, dlynk phone support. 
bad sensitivity at low temperatures. When outsite temperature is around 0 Celsius degrees or below, and the car and the unit it s not yet warm enough the detector acts 
EPSON C84 dies when you change the ink. had an EPSON C84 for a while, it worked great.Changed the ink, now Magenta and Blue won t print.Called Customer Service, they 
Don t buy this!. This isn t a consistent product. 99 of the time, I can t get it to work. After MONTHS of emails and phone calls, customer service 
A USB hub would work just as well. I was very disppointed in the video performance of this product. I installed it on my new HP laptop with a 1.6 
The good and the terrible. I have waited until I finally received a working model to post my experience with Logitech.First, let me begin by saying that now that I 
terrible product & service. I AM VERY UNHAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT I RECEIVED FROM TIGER.IT WAS NOT WHAT I WANTED AND TO RETURN IT WOULD COST ME MORE THAN I 
Prepare to fight every step of the way. N.E.W. will waste your time, money, and your every last nerve before repairing your product. Eventually they will, but not without an 
Slows my computer down. The light makes my computer very sluggish, even when my laptop is not running off of the battery. Browsing the internet, especially, is painfully slow, and 
Don t waste your time or money. I had been told this was an excellent product, so I was very excited to receive it. However, when I got the item, 
Great sound. This unit has great sound and is well worth the price. I had no issues setting it up or programming it. Connected to all my devices with no 
Surprisingly Thin Tinny Sound. First, a little about myself as a listener. I m no audiophile, so I don t put any stock in the reviews from Bose Bashers , 
Beware, Camera Dies After Fireware Upgrade. Camera died after firmware upgrade using the ethernet port to perform upgrade as Dlink recommends. I bought from Ebay new and Dlink refused to 
This product did nothing for me. I currently have 2 computers and use a wireless router for broadband connectivity. The router and the second computer are on the same floor 
does not work, even with other D-link products... would not work with 624 D-link, even after several phone conversations and hours on the line with dlink technicians. the techs couldn 
Sony. Ever since Sony s Rootkit problem it has prompted me not to buy another sony product ever, and I won t. Even Cd-r blanks. Who knows what there putting 
Caveat Emptor. I cannot speak for all devices, but this was a total failure in my case. I am a fast typist, and it seemed that about 20 of the 
Avoid like the plague. Three reasons why I will not touch any Corsair USB memory drive again:1 As the other reviewer pointed out 4 gig The wide, thick rubber gasket 
Does not work with docking station. These speakers do not work with the laptop I have. More specifically a Dell latitude D410 with docking station. it works with the just 
No Communication. I purchased this item because of the low price. However, I got exactly what I paid for. I have installed many hardward devices on my computer but have 
Worthless. I ordered the 2-year service plan on May 1st, this day July 31st , I still have not recievied it. I have contacted them a number of times, and 
Not worth the price shipping. I bought these head phones because I read all the reviews that gave it 4 s and 5 s, so I expected a lot out 
poor quality, a definitely do NOT buy. I wish I had read all the reviews before I bought this unit, I stopped working after used only a few times, then 
Why have a five disk changer that cannot shuffle?. I purchased a Sony 5-disk CD changer in 1991 that could shuffle between all five disks. This model can only shuffle 
Horrible product. I bought this product for my Tivo and it broke within a few weeks. As other reviewers have said, the RJ45 connector is incredibly fragile and it s 
worst souding, best looking headphones ever!. I purchased these cans hoping the ney sayers were extreme audiophiles, and the praisers were average people. Turns out the ney sayers were average 
Does not work. Sony Disc player does not work. It won t recognize disc in player.Currently trying to get it serviced under warranty  
Nice while it lasted. I bought this mouse a couple months ago to use with my MacBook Pro. I loved it, until a couple days ago when it decided to 
Won t play after 3 months. I purchased this boombox for my daughter s room. Basically, we put in a CD at bedtime, and set the sleep timer for 30 
Want to protect your iPod? Get something else. I just put this on 5 minutes ago, and I don t like it. Like some other reviews, I couldn t get 
Great idea - poorly executed. I bought this with the hopes of consolidating backing up files for home and work PCs. I already had the drives, so this seemed like 
Telezpper TZ 900. Dosn t work. Still receving lots of auto-dialer calls. Waste of money  
Very unreliable. Very unreliable .......... I have used DVD RW and CD RW Memorex disks on multiple computers and DVD recorders. I find that they.....1 don t last....get about 50 
Poor to middling quality - breaks under heavy use. I have two of these chargers that I bought directly from Kodak for about 10 each. Each of them came with 
A waste of money!. This factory refurbished model 360 GPS worked for about ten hours. Initially it worked fine. It then failed to pick up the satellite signal or would 
Headphones do NOT work with the Pioneer Inno. Even though the Inno is marketed as an xm2go radio and this item claims it works with all xm2go radios, the connector 
Causes Windows blue screen of death. Despite the rave reviews for this product, I m a bit more skeptical. I recently purchased an HP LaserJet 3015 MFC and wanted to 
Gross Logistics Tail. Not a bad printer; I like the quality of print... but as said elsewhere, very expensive to maintain... Ink cartridges don t last long and are, as 
SC101 Never again!. Please, please.........Do not buy this thing, there is a wealth of information by users out there with multiple problems and almost non-existent support. If you do buy 
Bad News. I have a 2006 Lexus GS300, and this item failed miserably. The skip function did not work, and the unit randomly changed the tracks on the iPod without 
WARNING. I had no problems burning to these discs, its when I went back a few months later to these discs and found out that none of them work anymore. 
Poor delivery and horrible customer care strategy. Used this unit for a while but complaints about line static by my phone counterparts were consistent and energetic. Did not use the 
Oh dear!. After owning a 20 Aquos for over a year I decided on another purchase from this quality product company. To my dismay, after setting up this 32 I 
BW Anti Glare protector. I had high hopes for this protector. However, I was disappointed. The back of the protector is adhesive. When you apply the screen protector, there are 
Very Poor Reception. I live three walls from line of site to the TV broadcast towers and get very poor to no reception. Towers are 5 miles from me. Either 
Not for use with Canon Powershot. It seems nice enough and it s cheap, but it is apparently incompatible with the Canon Powershot Digital Elphs. For use with those cameras, 
Lasted 1 month. This product looked light it was one of the best made USB lights fans out there except the light and the fan burned out after 1 month 
 Not Responding . If you are one of those types who can become frustrated after fiddling with a portable mp3 player for an hour just to get 9 songs 
agree with J Stern-not a very good copy. I made two data dvds and used the HP lightscribe discs. I wasn t very pleased with the outcome either. The pictures 
ABSOLUTE JUNK!. Backed up some movies and not even 1 played well. They either skipped or didn t play at all. I backed up my harddrive with one of these 
cheap and plastic-y. This item is not worth 150, it looks like a cheap plastic child s toy. Very disappointed, sent it back  
Garbage. We ve been through 2 generations of this phone and they suck. Why we gave them a second chance I don t know. The buttons that get used the 
paint wears off keys after 4 months of use. Just like others have stated. The paint comes off the keys after a few months of use. You would think logitech 
Barely - but barely - satisfactory. Graphics aren t bad, maps are fairly accurate and the same goes for the turn-by-turn instuctions. There are, however, a LOT of flies in 
Nearly Worthless, save yourself the aggravation and just run a phone line. I purchased this to add an extension phone line into my bedroom. Because of old wiring in the 
Who really knows until it s too late... This warranty is purchased through Amazon, but it is actually distributed by another company. When you search for TV warranties on Amazon, 
N.E.W sucks big time!. Okay,This is not a review of the product itself. But, I stronglyencourage you to consider not getting an N.E.W warranty. They arereally not in the business 
DON T BUY IT. The product shipped is not the same as the picture. Apparently this is a common thing for this item.  
Will not work as Digital Audio CD-R. Avoid a headache. I had the same problems with these new Memorex music CD-Rs. They will not work in my Philips CD audio 
disappointed. I have bought this cartridge from the store and then ordered them online to save money but it ended up costing me! I only was able to print about 
Dead after a few months. As with some of the other reviewers, mine stopped working and blew the fuse in my car for the cigarette lighter. I bought a Vector 
just come in handy!. Solo para aclarar.Sera imbecil el ke pide luces por esta fuente xq de fabrica no las trae asi ke esperemos ke ese tipo de comentarios no 
item was not. The item was not as it was stated to be which was a disappointment for use in any vehicle.It does not have a suction cup mount.It must 
Ginormous Waste of Money. I have purchased three of these dvd players in the past 2 1 2 years, every one of them has had the same problems. Trouble reading 
Poor quality, poor service. I bought a sharp lcd tv from j& r in new york last Jan, after a year and half, when powering on the tv, sometimes works, 
DON T BUY THIS, IT HAS QUALITY PROBLEMS. You d think a radio this expensive would have better QC, but it has bad quality problems...mine was erratic on its set-up 
1GB Mp3 player. I brought this peice two months ago. It never worked. This is a peice of junk to through in garbage. If you want to through your money 
very disappointing. Overall my experience with this mouse pad is very disappointing. I had this mouse pad for more than a month and my experience with it is average to 
Decent mount, bad design. I own the Explorist 500LE and bought this mount and the cigarette lighter adapter for the unit to use in my truck. As noted in some 
SanDisk Cruzer Mini 2 GB USB Flash Drive Review. It would not download; it just stopped about 1 4 the way through. I will have to send it back  
This review was put off for too long. This printer has been a piece of garbage since the day I bought it. I don t know why I kept trying, 
Intermittent even with the blue light. I really wanted this to work, since my older home has thick walls that make wireless an iffy proposition. However, even with the little 
Lovely sound, horrible build quality. I bought a pair in January and loved them. Sound is as lovely as everyone describes. However, there are something seriously lacking in the build 
Garmin Quest II. It is small and light weight, probably perfect for hikers. I think the battery is supposed to last 5-8hrs away from the car. The software is pretty 
Magellan could have done better. The cord works just fine, but by the time you get the USB cord and the 12v cord together, there is a lot of cord. 
Kingston 2 GB SD Memory Card. This SD would not work in my Nikon Coolpix S6 camera but the Fuji and Sandisk product did  
Horid. a horid thing thats incompatable with anything unless you know how to change its subnet which is impossable  
HP 2360: Ripoff. This printer is a piece of junk. The print mechanism is constructed of flimsy plastic so that unless care is taken in inserting the print cartridges, the 
corrupt files. With my D200, I got about 10 corrupt files when the card was new. Now, after a few months, the card is unreadable at all. Repeated emails to 
battery problem??. I am very unhappy with this panasonic model as well. The battery never gets fully charged even though the indicator says someting different. The phone keeps indicating tobe 
Wysinwyg --- What you see is NOT what you get. Wrong information, wrong picture displayed.Fuji Photo Film USA Inc 43955105Description: Fuji xD SmartMedia Picture Card PC Card Adapter - PC 
Does Not Work on ALL DVD Players. First of all, the shipping on this item costs more than the item itself. I did get it quickly 2 or 3 days 
Great Products -- Customer Support Stinks!. I am very happy with my Meridian Color and the other mapsend products I have purchased, however, at first I couldnt get this product 
Weak midrange - worse bass. I puchased the LS 100 s to get a decent speaker for a great price. I was disappointed. I knew the bass response would not 
Feature Set is great but the FM is pure JUNK. Long periods of garbled static mixed with random brief moments of actual FM reception. This is in town trying to 
Sure they re cute BUT...... Sure, these colorful jewel cases are pretty to look at but I give their functionality an F. As soon as I opened one of these 
Specs aren t 100 correct. I purchased this and am not impressed. Note that works with all click wheel iPods isn t true. It does NOT work with photo iPods 
Overpriced, under-featured, misleading. O.K., so I m paying 300 for a set-top box with a 40Gb hard drive, but I can t use it as a DVR? Why not? Also, 
Shiny, but still scratched. I bought this product in order to remove the scratches from my iPod. After using it exactly as directed, which involved large amounts of scrubbing with 
Totally unusable!. After installing this software successfully, when I try to run the application it displays a popup stating it cannot find the CD the CD is required to run 
Do not order from Ritz Camera - wrong item. Do not order this item and expect to get what you see. I ordered the Super High Speed card RPSDH01GU1A and 
Not suitable for heavy books. This bookstand, despite the description, is not suitable for heavy books. If you put heavy books on this, the stand that props up the whole 
Doesn t Really Make A Difference. I use a laptop since I am always on the go. I noticed that my laptop often gets hot since it is on all 
Not great. I was looking for a small cheap Mp3 player and I didn t care how much memory it had so this seemed perfect for me. I saw that 
Data clears with battery change. Each time you replace the battery you have to reload all of your data. Don t waste your money on this one  
Still cheaper than the Apple Version. Even though there is an OUTRAGEOUS hidden charge of 7.99 for a 4.99 item...the price is still about a third of the equivalent item 
Do not buy this product!. Do not buy this product. I got this product as a cheap solution to play my Ipod in my car. I didn t want to 
Junk! It wouldnt go 20 feet... OR 17 LINE OF SIGHT!. I got this and was excited. I can get almost any product to work. I was thinking all of 
Beware of this product. I used this product once and it made it necessary to completely restore my IPOD . . . after much, much hassle  
Never buying an HP Printer again!. I ve tried to install this Printer on several machines running Windows XP via Ethernet and every time on each machine there has been 
Do not order this part from RitzCamera. I ordered Panasonic 1GB Secure Digital SD Card RPSDH01GU1A Which is a 66x speed 10BM s I received RP-SDQ01G which is 33X speed 
Short-lived machine--avoid this lemon. Here is the original review of this machine I wrote on June 17, 2006:We bought this machine just over a year ago a year and two 
Shipping and handling. The chare for shipping and handling of this small item was RIDICULOUS! I would have been better off buying at a Retail Store.  
I am soooooooooo not impressed. At first I was real happy with this, but when I opened the case and started using it I realized how tiny this was. I 
Don t buy this item. I purchased these earphone to use for swimming with a otterbox and an ipod shuffle. They are were very uncomfortable from the start, but I 
I`ve never seen such a big mouse. I`ve never seen such a big mouse. I couldn t recognize it before I purchased. Think twice  
Good idea, doesn t quite come through. This flash drive seemed like a great idea. Unfortunatly, the player has trouble playing most of the music files I transfer to it 
ADS Tech Video Xpress USBAV-191-EF. Can capture analog video and produce cd-rom s but I expected the ability to produce DVD  
BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE. bad customer service its been almost a month and i still have not received this product. ive sent 3 emails and called twice noone really helped me 
Confusion reigns!. N.E.W. and it seems AMAZON have no idea of why there are three prices for the 4-year plan. The only solution that I could find from other reviews 
Not good. Maybe you can make this thing work for your particular application, but it was pitiful for what I was trying to do. First off, let me point out 
Works. Overall I don t like it. When the screen is black between scenes and what not, their is a lot of mixed in red and other colors from interference. 
This is a waste of money. This product only work for burn around 6 dvd s in two weeks.suddenly when i going to play a movie, give me an error 
OMG THEY SUCK. Omg, I got these headphones and they suck!!! I am not even kidding, they are probably the worst headphones in the world and the worst headphones i 
Too bulky. The remote is very thick. You need a side picture to see how thick this thing is. The buttons are not comfortable either  
serious drop in quality. I have always been a fan of Sony because they make quality products that are user-friendly . That is why I was in a state of 
Beware, this does not work with all Tom Tom GPS products. I purchased this adaptor because the listing said it worked with all Tom Tom GPS navigators. To my surprise 
why can I not find good DVD storage. This is just a general review, of all DVD cases. I have not found any that even come close to meeting my 
poor monitor cable. I purchased this cable as a replacement, and it is far worse than the original I had. There is noticable &quot;shadow&quot; distortion. My advice is to buy 
Not Portable. I bought this portable DVD player that bills itself as being the perfect solution for watching DVD s on-the-go. Unfortunately, as of the time I purchased it, the 
Subwoofer has no power literally . I have been very disappointed by these speakers. I have the series III ones. While the treble sounds fine, perfectly clear...this system has NO 
Device not worth the investment.... I did own this router for almost 5 months, Linksys WRT54GX2 v1. In the past, I did owned those routers for at least 6 months, 
Not loud enough for a shop phone. I got one of these the Sears Craftsman version as a gift, so the price was right- otherwise I d say it s 
Buy some string and soup cans. Amazon forces you to put at least one star to review an item, but these phones don t even earn that. Our 10-year old 
Doesn t work on Windows Vista!. Tried this with two different computers using Windows Vista. Got this message: One of the USB devices attached to this computer has malfunctioned, and 
Does not fit Nuvi 350 or 360. Although marketed by Amazon to fit the Garmin Nuvi 350, it does not! Wrong fitting. I ve decided to just charge my Nuvi 
Disappointed. Although the graph link cable is excellent in principle, mine did not deliver as advertised. My computer calculator interface was sporadic--sometimes it worked properly, sometimes it did not. Further, 
Not worth the money or hassle. To be honest, I have always used and enjoyed reliable service from LinkSys networking products. Until now, that is. I purchased the WCG200 V2.0 
waste of money. i was using the tape player for my ipod. but since i got a new car which did not have a tape deck, i was forced to 
Same problem as others, sticks to glass...then won t stick. I bought my wife a Nuvi 350 for her birthday last August overall, we love the Nuvi, but the mount...no 
It is not really a mp3 player!!!. After buying this for almost one, I decide to write a review for this machine.FIRST, this is NOT a true mp3 player!!!I was 
Flawed DVD Playback. Picture looked great via HDMI, but unfortunately there was a major problem during DVD movie playback. DVD movies would frequently stutter at chapter changes. This was a 
It works as promised, but not worth the money. Being a huge fan of XM, I was excited when I saw this product. Sure it looked bulky, but I wasn 
can t connect with computer. It s my first time heard a digital recorder can t connect with computer,it is very strange.I think it s not fit for me  
Better off without mic. I married this mic to the Olympus WS-200S Digital Voice Recorder, which by the way plays in stereo. When attaching the mic there was a significant 
Pull your hair out!!. Bought this to replace my old 2200 Ipaq; Man what a mistake! The battery is always dead, even after the HP tech support for hours on 
Great product design layout, horrible functionality. As mentioned, the layout of the keyboard is great... It s comfortable, has most the shortcut s I d want, however it s designed 
mislabeled!. This site says the product is 15.1 , the actual packaging says it s 15.4 , but when I placed my 15.4 notebook inside, there was a ton of 
If you want to get lost buy this product!. This navigational system is useless. I have never gotten so lost before in my life. It tells you to take next 
Not sure the Long Term Quality & Reliability is built into this TV!. I would not recommend this TV...... I purchase the TV .... It has a brilliant quality picture. 
This backpack didn t hold up. Pro sIt s really roomy.... ample room for my old brick of a computer Dell 15 inspiron 6800 and my tiny HP NC6230. Good 
Constant noise. July 31st 2005:I was looking for a DVD player for my bedroom at Costco and couldn t resist the 179 price for this brand new Philips HTS3400 HTS3410 
not enough info given. This product is only approved for CASIO keyboards. and only like three of those. Wish I would have known before hand  
Poor customer service, product defective. I wouldn t buy anything from this company. They have the worst customer service I have ever seen. I got the product working despite the 
Obviously not MAC compatible!!!. Great disappointment. Plugged in this equipment and tried typing in all the applications I own Excel, Word, FreeHand among others and displayed typed numbers when it 
Wrong Product. Amazon shipped the wrong size notebook. No problem... returned the product.Amazon is a great merchant...will buy from them again.  
Bait and Switch. Don t purchase this if you re expecting to get a 1500 mAh Power2000 ACD-674 battery. They sent a 1300 mAh Digicom battery instead  
Wasted of money & time. This is a terrible product. If you can get it to print, the labels look great, but it will only print a few labels before 
Mine was DOA too. How do I assign a rating? As several other people have experienced, my unit is also DOA. I received it, plugged it in, pressed clean , 
Gains time..And Display isnt very clear. Bought this despite mixed reviews from previous customers. As mentioned by others it gains approximately 3-4 min in a week. Also the Indiglo display 
keep hitting the side buttons. I was looking for a 5 button mouse to replace my old one. Its fine as a mouse but the 2 buttons on either side 
One of the charging bays doesn t work. One of the charging bays always indicates that the batteries in the bay are not in working condition. I m also getting 
Terrible product. I bought this product to replace a previous HP all-in-one printer I had. This is by far the worst printer I have ever owned. It does not like 
All broken. The Mexican plant must have unhappy workers. 2 paks of 8, and each tape is defective. Either the case is broken or there are loose parts rattling around 
Wow, these are a waste!. I bought two of the 30 packs of Verbatim Lightscribe CDRs from Best Buy. I would be very optimistic in saying that 1 out of 
Okay, I guess... While the silicon used in the construction of the sleeve is very nice feels grippy but not sticky if you know what I mean , some of 
Too loud. As the other reviewer said, the lowest volume setting is far, far too loud, making this a poor choice for an office desk or a home nightstand. I 
Product controls. The Throttle control is to small and not in a good location on the Joystick. The different buttons are OK, but for use in Flight Simulator, they are 
Concerned. The fan works, however, when I first start up the computer the fan is a little noisy. I m concerned about how long the fan will function  
BUYER BEWARE. I own this product and have used it successfully on one notebook dell . This product is a port replicator NOT a docking station. For those that need 
Old Adage is True You Get What You Pay For . I was hoping for a great deal on these batteries, but like other reviewers I ve found that they 
Good idea, poor engineering. Even when I realized that it were merely a storage device not a reader , Disk Stakka still seemed interesting. But then... within 5 minutes I 
ink costs more than the printer. I have an epson cx4600, which on the surface looks to be a bargain, at 80. But the ink costs 60 to replace 3 
How could Microsoft screw this one up???. I currently use a Microsoft Intellimouse that I purchased about 4-5 years ago. It is the MOST COMFORTABLE mouse for medium to large 
Creative same as Alienware. I order online from there company. They send me broken box. I want to return but they say if you return they will charge you for 
Not as good as my camcorder s internal mic!. Perhaps this would work well in an area with alot of noise, such as a sports game, but I wouldn t 
XP Users Beware. I recently bought this thinking I could use it to upgrade my TI-86 calculator. To my surprise I heard it was incompatible with XP. I supposed the 
high expectations from Netgear brand - not a great product. I am not going to write what this phone does and what it doesn t, you will read it from 
Broke very easily. The extendable arm breaks very easily. I had two of them and they both broke within the first month. The company does have a 3 month warranty 
Terrible Navigation Functions. I liked my Honda factory navigation, so I bought the Pioneer AVIC-N2 for my BMW. Since I could not found a demonstration unit, I bought it based 
PNY Geforce FX5200 256MB PCI Graphics Card. This Graphics card didnot work as expected, after numerous attempts to resolve installation and operation problems, the card was returned for refund, which 
Very Unreliable Product. The setup instructions for this product are totally inadequate as is the online troubleshooting help. With phone support, I was able to get the product working, but 
Same problems as all of the above users. My CD player has jammed in a similar fashion to those described above. I called the Harman Kardon customer service line, and 
Successfully burned 3 cds out of a spindle of 50. This is the second time I ve been dumb enough to buy these- both times, I saw an uncluttered surface 
Not worth the hassle; not worth the . Initially this unit seemed to work pretty well. I wasn t thrilled aboutthe copyright protection issues or the extremely slow time to 
Slow, slow and SLOW!. Do NOT buy this product. It is incredibly slow, by far the slowest USB drive out of the dozen or so that I ve used. It 
Only trouble and big regret of wasting money. After purchasing the item in december 2006 it didnt take even a week before the troubles started, it kept freezing after switching 
Bad piece of machinery. We had troubles fromt he start, they correct a type would not work. Took to a Brothers repair shop and they could not fix, need some 
Very Annoying. I ve owned this for a year and am looking for a new keyboard. I have continual connection problems with mouse and keyboard and continually have to reset. 
Starry Eyed Over This One, But Lets Me Down. Upon the joyful news that we were having a girl, my husband decided to invest in a new digital camera and 
No Speakerphone, False Advertising. For a phone that costs 169, the lack of any features is pretty disturbing. But the one that Linksys actually points out in their documentation is 
TERRIBLE CASE - BROKE MY IPOD. Don t buy this case before reading this message. This is a terrible waterproof case. I used it once and for 5 minutes only!!!! 
A Fair Shake. I ve owned two pairs of these for over 4 years and used them in different environments multi-floor house, single-floor apartment and have to concur with others 
Incompatible. My dell Photo 964 and this server weren t compatible. I think it is my printer s problem not the server s  
Defective product.... Apart from the money part, imagine the dis-appointment happening to the kids if the product doesn t work at the first sight....?? Ok, moreover when tried to return 
Worthless. I ordered the 2-year service plan on May 1st, this day July 31st , I still have not recievied it. I have contacted them a number of times, and 
HOW SAD. I purchases this karaoke machine for my daughters 5th birthday. I gave it to her first thing this morning only to be very disappointed and sad to find 
The worst. Avoid at all costs!. A terrible product. Extremely difficult to use. Way too easy to accidentally change the combination, and when that happens, it s useless. The only 
Does Not Work Well With My Smartphone. I did not realize I had to purchase a compatible map program to go with this product. When I tried it on my 
 Noise Canceling has no effect. I ve tried a few varieties of noise canceling headphones. These have no actual noise reduction that I can determine in any environment. They 
I whish I d received written conformation!. I paid for it and got an e-mail link but have yet to receive the written conformation. Called the 1800#. It s been 
NO SUPPORT. Let s be honest.This product ain t cheap. It s not something you can just throw away if it decides to stop working.I bought mine at cpenusa.com. Delivery 
Not a lot of choices. I purchased this about 9 months ago. I had problems with the installation and was on with tech support for the better part of an 
IT AINT NO KEYTAR BUT IT DUD LAY KICK. hmm. It doesnt sound much like a Grande Piano two me. More of like a strange drumset sometimes or a synthy. 
Monster Cable is misleading--research before making a purchase. First of all the cable is very difficult to install, it s rigid and not flexible.After I connected my cable box and 
Cheap piece of crap. This phone sucks. The battery doesn t hold the charge, resulting in dropped calls and major aggravation.GE should be embarrased to offer such a piece of 
Not for the non-techie type. I finally got my Uno to work with my Yamaha keyboard. Yes that s right, I have a Yamaha keyboard YPT-200 . Here s how 
be forewarned, if your thinking of using this with Airport Express. This Amazon listing also suggests buying the Soundsticks along with Airport Express.If you re thinking of connecting them to 
Hard to get into. The plastic is really thick and hard to get an iPod mini in and out of. If you move your iPod between docking stations and speakers, 
High Hopes, Poor Product. With very limited device support, little or no customer support, and a premium price, Tom-Tom blew an opportunity to change how consumers view hybrid GPS units.Perhaps, 
Great Tools. We used these radios on a Corvette road tour to the national convention in San Antonio. Had no problems, great response. Batteries appear to last more than a 
New and Useless. Bought a new MD751 home, charged for 16 hours and never worked! Vendor commented that they recieved a lot of returns on this phone...errors say - out 
Bad Cable. THE TEST:I used this longer gold plated cable to replace a shorter, non-gold plated S-video cable.THE RESULT:I saw a much more grainy picture delivered only in black and 
This product should nt be in the market. This music bridge is obviously a product that should not be in the market. I spent at least 10 hours in three 
Discontinued for good reason. Completely useless. Only shows a digital display when Ipod is fully charged -- how long does YOUR Ipod stay fully charged? Even when showing digital display 
Doesnt work. Dont waste your time or money on this. The sound quality was poor and I had to turn up the volume on the receiver so loud just to 
PAIN!!. I have a mouse intensive job with dual screens working on digitizing maps. Unlike the reviewers before me I have a normal size hand. Over the years I have 
Faulty wiring. I detest this printer. I ve bought quite a few printers in my day: Lexmark, Canon, and have been quite happy with most HP s, but this was 
Flimsy -- Avoid Avoid Avoid {1 Star}. I wrote an initial review that praised these headpohones, but after a recent breakdown, I had to readjust my rating from 4 to 
I wish I could pick zero stars for this piece of junk!!. Unfortunately, when I bought this thing it was new on the market, so the horror stories that are 
No Vista Driver. This is a very nice printer and a good upgrade from an inkjet printer. It is fast, quiet, and produces good results. However, it lacks a Vista 
D-Link DWL G800AP Range Extender. The product never worked, even after three calls to tech help. Tech help even changed my computer settings and it took me a while to 
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. This jacket is so tight that it holds down all the buttons at once and the Creative Zen will not work with it on. Do 
Allsop Lens Cleaner. I didn t notice any change in the operation of my cd writer after cleaning. The cleaner was supposed to play music while it cleaned 30 minutes 
Great while it lasted... I bought this mouse eight months ago and was quite satisfied - until last week when it stopped functioning altogether. I really expected a better product 
Poor Sound Quality. The outgoing message that I tried to record sounded terrible, so I have to use the default outgoing message. To delete a message you hit the on 
To slow. I recommend the type H for usage in cameras instead of type Mas H is the high speed version. A higher speed is more usefullwhen you try to 
Nice case but. This is a nice case and looks like it would do the job of protecting my iPod BUT, it basically renders my 400 speaker set useless. The 
Avoid buying it. after few months of using it, it started to lag badly, and the scroll wheel stopped working, I ll never buy logitech mouse again.  
Not the quality I was looking for. I purchased this microphone & I am returning it the same day. I was looking for a microphone that would work with my 
Noisy Noisy Noisy!!!. Pros: Burner works great, I ve gotten only 1 coaster in 6 months.Nice designCons: It is LOUD!! Sounds like someone groaning. There was some previous reviews of 
re: Absolutely terrible. To celebrate the anniversary of our company, we thought we d give all employees a gift. Our Apple phobic IT guys nixed the Ipod as a choice, 
Absolute Garbage. Seldom do I find a product that is so bad that I only use it once. Unfortunately I bought it for an international trip and the return period 
Crap. I had a Pronto NEO for less than a year before the touchscreen failed after I dropped it 1.5 feet onto a hardwood floor. The unit has a very 
Totally Failed to perform. One of them arrived damaged on the printer head so did not even print one page. The other one did not print as many pages as 
Joe Barone Big Buyer. cases very cheaply made. Break when opening. Not worth shipping cost waste of money  
Terrible don t buy it. Don t waste your money. You cannot see the screen it doesn t line up well with the outside cover so you can use your 
Meh! Shiny but Uncomfortable and Unpractical. I bought this mouse hoping to use it with my new HP dv2000 laptop, with internal bluetooth, I was excited about the Instant View 
120V 60Hz only. Classic brick AC DC transformer is for North America only. I hoped for a &quot;dual voltage&quot; AC DC convertor which could be used overseas  
Terrible Performance, Waste Of Time. This thing actually performed worse than the antenna that came with the wireless card. That means the range stated on the box is incorrect. Back 
Yes, it does not work. I can concur. This cable does not work. It will put sound out, but no video. Of course I have set the video to TV 
short life time. after few months it just stopped working.also, it is not rechargable, and need to replace batery every 1-2 week  
Monster Cable is misleading--research before making a purchase. First of all the cable is very difficult to install, it s rigid and not flexible.After I connected my cable box and 
Do Not But This Phone. The caller i-d has no light. The caller i-d requires batteries. If you are on a call, and your call-waiting beeps, the phone does not 
Garmin Rino 530 disappointment. To build upon the reviews as listed below, I will expand on them to say that even with the lastest firmware the issues till exist and 
waste of money. Bought 4 ! They don t work. The batteries do not last. We are trying to return them  
NETGEAR FAILS. MY WGX102 BEGAN TO FAIL ROUGHLY AROUND THE END OF THE ONE YEAR WARRANTY. WHEN IT DID FINALLY FAIL DUE TO MANUFACTURING DEFECTS 33 DAYS AFTER THE WARRANTY 
Not as advertised. I was excited to try this product for my DirecTV DVR connection without having to install another phone jack. Simply put, it didn t work. Then when 
Unreliable; customer service a joke. Unreliable pile of you-know-what . Worked fine for about 2 months then refused to power up. Fresh batteries, no go. Called customer service . Outsourced 
Great printer but unreliable. I bought this printer after my HP 2100TN started needing us to press the button on the printer every time we queued a print job. At 
Wrong Picture Amazon!! UPDATE: AMAZON FIXED THE PROBLEM. Talk about misinforming your customers Amazon! The model in the picture is completely different and much better than what you are actually 
WARNING! UNABLE TO PAUSE LIVE RECORDING. I bought this item as a replacement for the GX300, which lost the ability to format discs a common problem for this model . 
prepare to lose your music!. I have about 200 live concerts that I burned onto TDK discs about 3 years ago. None of them are playable now. Going forward, I 
What was apple thinking?. At first I was excited about the mighty mouse. The scroll ball worked very well, freely scrolling in any direction. The side squeeze buttons were a 
Design both very good and very bad. I wanted this product to work very badly. It has an elegant, simple design, and finally a transmitter that makes use of the 
Not Recommended. Not worth the cheap price. Very cheap materials and I ended up just getting rid of it  
Avoid at all costs. Do not by this product. It has several issues. Go to the forums on the Linksys website and see for yourself. Most people, myself included, have 
Nah. You can get a 4 pack of Emerging Power 2100 mAH batteries for 9.95 on this very site. I did. They work great. Why would anyone pay almost 30 
Memory card error. My review mirrors of this product mirrors that of another customer posted recently. For some months after I first bought the card, it worked great. Now it 
Subwoofer has no power literally . I have been very disappointed by these speakers. I have the series III ones. While the treble sounds fine, perfectly clear...this system has NO 
Not up to belkin s usual quality. I have used several Belkin KVM products Omniport and Omniport SE and was very happy with those units over many years. When I 
Well design, except for the notebook itself. The bag is very nice looking, nice material, everybody loves it. Lots of compartments inside fit all accessories I need plus some documents. 
poor compatibility. while the verbatim has burned well in 100 of my recordings they fail to operate in at least 24 different dvd players  
DHCP stalls. I upgraded my home net with several pieces of Netgear hardware, including the FR114P router, the WG102 Wifi Access Point, and the FS108P, an 8-port switch with 4 
It made it 1.5 years... So long... Well,we had liked this product for the 1.5 years that it worked.... We are sending it back under the replacement warranty that we 
P.O.S. I know that everyone else seems to love this, so perhaps my complaint is more about Apple in general. My Ipod Mini pink is a lemon. The battery has 
Great TV while it lasted. Beautiful tv for 31 days. Samsung sets new standards for lousy customer service. Initially they told me 7-14 days before someone would call to make 
Garbage. I knew better, but I did it anyway, thinking that it would be a good compromise we have IBM, Dell, and Toshiba laptops and a Sony Really Nice Monitor 
Not so great for tracheostomy use. This Vicks ultrasonic humidifier was thoroughly recommended by everyone when we needed a humidifer with the possible hose attachment that goes to a mask 
Bad labeling. ad made it look like a charger that works in a car!I am furious if I want to return , there is a feeWHAT A JOKE  
GET AN IPOD INSTEAD!. This gadget worked fine for exactly one year and 6 months. It was used nearly everyday until the on button stopped working. Unfortunately the warranty is 
Poor product, bad since purchase and no customer service. This product is not recomendable in no way, there is no way to return it without aditional charges. It s bad 
Beware. I have an Infiniti G35 coupe and have been using a standard cassette adapter just fine. Based on this, I felt that the SmartDeck would be a great upgrade. 
Fatally Flawed - problem with controller causes lockups. An excellent idea, with a fatally flawed implementation. It appears to be a limitation of the midi controller - drums will fail 
Retracts well, looks cheesy, sounds average. They don t look as nice as the photo, they look rather cheesy. Retraction mechanism works reasonably well if you re careful with it. 
Once you put it on, you better leave it there!. To echo one of the other reviewers, exact placement of the wrist rest is near impossible. Two days after I 
disappointed. i brought this at the same time i got my ipod mini. the latter s great!the case smells very bad. a chemical smell. very strong.also, the part that covers 
Piece of crap. Like most of the other people who bought this piece of junk it quit working after a few months. You put a disk in and there is 
Great picture but that s about it. I purchased this card because I have on another computer the AIW9700 Pro. The 9700 Pro card has been a great card and 
Decent phone - power outage also took out base unit. The material and ergonomics of this phone is average. The selling point of this phone for me is its ability 
Compatibility Issues. Cosmetically pleasing is about the only good thing you can say about this unit. The included software does contain viruses. The included software is a reminate of the 
Don t buy this remote.... I will make this review very simple. No matter what features you find attractive about this remote, its shear size makes the thing clunky and 
A WARNING - DO NOT USE. I had no problems burning to these discs, its when I went back a few months later to these discs and found out that 
I was hoping for more... While I have always followed the age-old adage of You Get What You Pay For, I have to say that I was hoping for more, 
Not Very Durable. Will need battery changes. I have owned five of these UPS units over the past four years. I purchased three for my Mac and PC at home. 
Problems Problems Problems. This is a great idea: a small CD player to match the rest of the Tivoli line. Unfortunately, the quality of the units I tried came nowhere 
Wouldn t work on my computer. The hook up and downloading the software was very simple. There was a error problem with the drivers. My computer is fairly new with 
Not a fan of these defective fans. These work great initially...I bought six of them. Of the six, four broke. One stopped altogether, one stopped oscillating, and the other 2 
Weightlifters beware..... I was pretty disappointed with the Tune Belt because of two main reasons. First, I had to take my Shuffle out of the protective rubber case that I 
disappointed. I have this system for about 3 weeks and today remote control stopped working.  
Poor Sound Quality. I needed a new headset to use with Ventrillo, online voice chat for gaming, and I needed two requirements: 1. must go through the USB port because 
Bad design.....flimsy toggles.......JUNK. Notice, all the happy....five star ratings, are from people that JUST bought this MP3. I have had mine for 9 months.I have had this MP3 since Christmas 
Didn t last long. What a waste of money. Try buying something else. This lasted me only a couple of months  
Good Player with Bad Battery Life!!!. I bough this product after reading several reviews from other people .Pros : Toshiba Gigabeat is really nice from the design perspective , the 
Don t buy. I got this CD player because I thought sony was a good company, plus I liked the look of it. But after just 5 months after purchase, 
Disappointed. This may be a good SD, don t know because the company would not allow shipment to Hawaii. Therefore ordered the Viking SD and it has been a very 
Misrepresented product. I was dissappointed to see that when I got the product there were old worn out batteries inside and I then had to go out and purchase an 
converter first, adapter only if you need it. I visited Ireland from the U.S. and my hair dryer sparked when I used the adapter and fried both of them. Also 
Problems with 2 units. The reviews for this product are excellent and I was so excited to upgrade to HDMI switching. The first unit received had a loud hum in 
Watch your back!. WARNING This product is not for users with nForce Chipsets. I see users complaining that this product hangs and the keyboard acts up. You have an nForce 
Below expectations for a Samsung. Application is dual input from cable TV input and analog PC input, used as side monitor on a triple screen home computer workstation.1 Audio output 
didn t seem to last all that long. brought two 4-packs of these on vacation, had them run out on me faster than it seemed they should. do not seem 
Beware!. I bought my i3 in Europe and enjoyed it very much until time came to upgrade it. The upgrade that I bought and paid 75 for will not work 
This is not a Shure approved reseller - no warranty!. Had a small problem with my headset. Sent it to Shure to get it replaced and Shure called me to 
Wire broke - Good customer service. I gave this as a gift to my in-laws. I was so embarrassed, the wire broke the very first time it was used. But 
Easy but ports wear out too quickly. I work at a company that has had a many as 10 of these installed at once. The problems were few at first, 
The Worst!!!. My purchase of Bose In-Ear Headphones was the biggest waste of 100 since I was in Vegas!! While the quality of the sound may be good, the stupid 
DON T BUY THIS UNLESS YOU HAVE WARRANTY. I liked the iAUdio but 8 months after buying it, it no longer plays in stereo and the voice record d n 
Warning-Did not work in my Burner. I tried 3 of these DVD Rs, none of them worked, errors in every burn. I used another brand to burn the session and 
Make sure you are not buying these for DVDs. I bought these to make labels for my DVDs as when I received them there is a warning on the back 
There is no Chess game. I bought this card only and only for Chess game and there is none on it.  
Nuulooq, not so hot. I bought this item with great expectations but was disappointed enough to return it today. One big caveat on performance however, I am running an older 
VERY SHORT RANGE ON KX-TG5500 SERIES PHONES. I purchased the Panasonic KX-TG5571M to replace a 8 year old Sony 900MHZ phone. The Sony would allow me to go about 400 
DID NOT WORK! DEFECTIVE Return PAINFUL!. Have owned several WD external drives with no problems this one would not work...on the PC on the MAC etc.The package arrived quick enough...The 
Not for iPod with Video. The new iPods do not have the connections to work with FireWire. So this cable will only charge the new iPods with video. Besides this 
Save your receipt. I own a Brother HL-1240, so of course I have to use this toner cartridge. But if I had a choice, I d try someone else s. 
Poor Quality. Product was missing AC adapter...couldn t even plug it in. After hassling with it and trying to rummage around to find an AC adapter to work with it, 
Garbage. If I had three arms, maybe four, this would have been easy to put up. As I have only two, it was a nightmare. Each section warps as the 
not pleased at all. i bought these phones..... very expensive to start with, but i was willing to pay because quality usually is something you have to pay for. they 
Not for the non-geek user!. Without a doubt, the Pepper Pad has potential but it isn t really ready for prime time. It is nicely made and priced well below 
Poor re-winder. This re-winder does not re-wind the tapes all the way and is very noisy  
A sheep in wolfs clothing. Yes, this monitor has all the big tech numbers, whatever they mean. To me, that doesn t mean squat when it s not pleasing to 
Horrbile quality!. This cheap piece of plastic broke within 2 months of me owning it!! Buyer beware!  
Very buggy product. I bought and returned this after using Navigator 2,3,4, & 5. The problem seems to be TomTom has pressed some defective DVDs. I was unable to install 
Dead after a few months. As with some of the other reviewers, mine stopped working and blew the fuse in my car for the cigarette lighter. I bought a Vector 
JUNK!. This is an extremely cheap product poor grade of plastic and sound quality is...for the lack of a better word...gross! The earbuds that came with my ipod are 10 
SanDisk Cruzer Mini 2 GB USB Flash Drive Review. It would not download; it just stopped about 1 4 the way through. I will have to send it back  
Product does not fit DVD outer title inserts. I returned this product as it does not accommodate the outer title insert - only the inner page. Product recommended for customers 
Extremely disappointing after having used the real EB. Being an enthusiast of the EB, and already owning a softwareversion and an old paper edition, I was very thrilled by thepossibility 
Garbage - Complete waste of money. I bought two of these and NEITHER of them holds a charge for more than a few hours EVEN WHEN NOT USED. DEFINITELY stick 
Not reliable. The only good thing about this product is its price I saw it being sold at 160 on some other site . There are several shortcomings though:- The 
bimbo electronics!. About the only thing Bose has going for it is pretty packaging...the sound, build, and electronic quality is mediocre at best given its outrageous price point.My sister refused 
Stopped working after an year. Bought this from amazon. Worked well for compact flash cards. Always complained that i should format the card whenever i used multimedia card from kodak 
San Disk 6 in 1 PC Card Adapter. Initially I liked and enjoyed the adapter. It allowed me to us a digital card to listen to music in the car. 
So - So. This charger does not seem to charge the batteries fully. I thought that my rechargable batteries were out of life , but discovered that it was just 
Not practicable in Windows XP in non Administrator accounts. Like most device drivers the Turtle Beach specific driver needs to be installed with Administrative rights. Nothing unusual.However, when a Non 
AWFUL!!!. You d think that because these phones have a higher GHz, that the sound would be of decent quality...NOT! These phones have bad static and when I am on 
Not as Expected. Range is very weak probably less than half a mile. Don t waste your money  
Big Waste Of Money!. I was so excited to get Nav DVD in our new SUV. However, I hate this unit! You can t watch DVDs unless the car is 
missing part. when I received my cobra nav system the cord to use it was missing and I have had to call three times and still nhave not received the 
This is REALLY worthless!!. Rarely do I write a review but this product is so bad I had to. Expecting Sony electronics to perform well, what a disappointment, this one 
Junk. Bought this, CD player worked a couple of times over the last couple of months, now doesn t work. Cheap junk. If you only want a radio, it tunes 
It works, but sound quality is not good. Other than the power switch is not easy to see, the most issue with this microphone is the sound quality not that 
Dissapointing. I bought these to replace a pair of sony fontopias I had. I loved the sonys but was trying to save some money and most of the reviews seemed 
Thanks to AMAZON! No thanks to COBY. This player has garnered decent reviews, so I thought I d try it. The first unit sent to me was unusable because of 
Great idea, but lacks follow-through. The GPS works great! Having said that, I m disappointed with the 5919 overall. I could not get the free map updates from TomTom because 
Fuzzy sound poor quality. When speaking or listening, sound becomes distorted and fuzzy. It is annoying to try to converse  
Save Up -- You can do much better. The previous comments about these headphones being distance-sounding are right on the mark. They have very little soundstage, and the mid-range sounded 
Hoping for the best. I bought this Cobra 2500 watt inverter to upgrade my existing 1500 watt inverter in our travel trailer. It arrived quickly and in about a week 
Very nice Portable. I wanted to add that the pet1000 can do PAL to NTSC conversion,and does it very well just make sure that you keep the player in the 
Ginormous Waste of Money. I have purchased three of these dvd players in the past 2 1 2 years, every one of them has had the same problems. Trouble reading 
A boom box, not a karaoke machine. I m not sure what I expected after I purchased this for fifty some-odd dollars and was handed a coupon for a 40 
Unreliable, and AWFUL support. The printer worked well for a while, then after about a month, simply spat out two sequential pages of blank paper each time we tried to 
Beware of Mail-in Rebate Hoax. The card works as advertised but SanDisk does not send in Mail-in-Rebate. Even though I mailed it in with the UPC Barcode, SanDisk sent me 
monitor problem. We bought this unit for a 5-day trip, the picture is very clear, better than most but right after that trip the second monitor lost its picture. We 
Tried two units, both defective. The first unit I received produced a picture, but no sound over the RF connection. So I sent it back for a replacement unit. That 
Not worth it for every day. I just got the Canon Selphy CP730 and the best thing that I can say is that it is extremely portable. If you want 
I thought it would be good!. This charger first started out awesome and had no problems. Then after about 3 months it started to act up and now it wont 
Why isn t NO Stars an option?. Terrible, terrible, terrible. OK if all you want is a small spotlight or a nightlight.I wasted money on buying TWO of these bulbs 
Another example of Sony s failure to keep in touch with consumers. The bean is small, battery efficient, and has a nice overall look to it. Thats probably the only 
Does NOT Work on Intel Macs!. The iShock II WILL NOT work on Intel Macs, and per Macally website, they have no intention of releasing an Intel- compatible driver for 
Seems that Toshiba quality has gone down lately!. I ve owned several Toshiba televisions over the years, and the one striking feature they all had was solid build quality, and 
Does not work. Sony Disc player does not work. It won t recognize disc in player.Currently trying to get it serviced under warranty  
Watch Out!. I don t dispute that Bose is a leader in speaker technology. But there is a reason this item is discontinued. It locks up when playing certain DVDs. 
Troublesome. I bought 2 of the Rino 130 s for my wife and I to use for hiking, boating, and geocaching. We were excited about the prospect of peer to 
Not for Large Houses With More Than One Electrical Circuits. I bought a set of four Westinghouse intercoms. Usually people buy intercoms because they have a large house and don 
Defective Product. Received the product, it was not fully functional. The buttons worked but the mouse would not track. I loaded the software, trouble-shot everything, even put up with maddeningly 
Cheap product from China. I was very disappointed. The unit looks like a cheap knock-off and the user guide is not adequate. Not user friendly.  
Garbage!!!!. Stops Playing and ccompletely shuts off in a 5-15 minute time frame with a fully charged battery. Volume max. is not loud at all. This player is very noisy 
CD Player. I bought this CD Player for my daughter for a Christmas Present. The radio works fine. The tape player works find. But the CD player will only run 
A good receiver, but has video problems. I like this amp but it causes my TV Sharp Aquos 42 LCD to lose synch whenever the video has a sudden white 
Save your money. Dont buy. I got this and the RangeBooster is a lie. It has NOT boosted any kind of range on my network. It also goes in and 
OVER PRICED&lt;UNDER POWERED. will not hold bose souround spkrs, will not mount for key hole speakers, also i paid 11.99 for these on amazon, the saw them in wal-mart for 
Praying on people who don t know better. Monster should seriously be ashamed of themselves for praying on people who don t know about home theater. If you re already 
Where s the display again?. I loved the atomic aspect of this clock in addition to the travel amenities. But the first time I used it, I swear it was 
NO stars for this NON Big Button Phone. When they advertised big button I believed that they meant it. But this is NOT, I repeat NOT, a big button phone. 
fast card reader, but bulky and picky on cards. I had a Iogear GFR202SD for a year. After losing it recently, I decided to give this Kingston TravelLite a try. 
cute clock; doesn t work great. I love the design and looks of this clock and it s upright CD design. However, I think that because of the vertical playing 
Do not buy this Charger. I bought this Item on December 7th.. and it stops woking 2 months later. Refrain to buy this.. it is better to put 10 extra 
Battery and charger..... I have had it less than a year and charging the battery as with all the palms is a major disappointment. They don t last very long. 
Don t buy. I got this CD player because I thought sony was a good company, plus I liked the look of it. But after just 5 months after purchase, 
I returned this item...not functional. This item was not practical. It looked good but not being able to zip the sides all the way down because of the cute water 
Skype phone no good!. The phone seemed to work ok with SkypeOut calls. However leave the phone unattended for a few mins and the phone times out, and will not 
Chintzy design...very misleading pictures. Based on the pictures shown on Amazon as well as Logitech s web site, one would believe the dropping your iPod into the dock charges and 
Return policy. We wanted the zoom and missed the fact that this one does not have the zoom. The reason I give two stars is because of Beach Camera s 
Not very happy with this product. I am not a tech person, but I am also not completely useless. I have three cards I use for my palm pilot and 
sadly- it s been relegated to the junk drawer. I m not a system analyst, so I need really clear instructions for any new device. I bought this camera 1 
Playing by Garmin s Rules. If you purchase a Garmin product, especially this one, you are firmly in the clutches of a Company that gives you what they want you 
I should have listened to the bad reviews. I read the bad reviews of the RV042 and ordered it anyway figuring that a company like linksys cisco would fix such 
Great Concept - Poor Execution. This is a wonderful idea, but is apparently before its time or the product designers didn t check with with the paper manufacturers. It is 
Bad quality. Great features and well thought out. But the quality is horrible. Mine randomly ejected disks and screen started going bad after only 2 weeks. Afraid to buy anything 
Do your homework before you buy PNY. PNY memory is not very specific on its products, check and re-check that the specs. are what you need. PNY is more a 
If it didn t say Sony on the front... I definitely wouldn t know Sony made this. It s crap. I put it down on a table, it shuts it 
not for the GMR1038-2. Do not buy this for the GMR1038-2 or 2CK radios. It is not the right unit for that radio. I have no idea how well it 
awful awful. after frimware update, it completely stop working.Followed all the instructions correctly.Hard reset and did everything i can. I could not recover.Do not buy. bottom line  
Worst Phone ever. These phones do not work, they have a lot of static and the battery runs out quickly. Do not buy them!!!  
Do not order this part from RitzCamera. I ordered Panasonic 1GB Secure Digital SD Card RPSDH01GU1A Which is a 66x speed 10BM s I received RP-SDQ01G which is 33X speed 
A boom box, not a karaoke machine. I m not sure what I expected after I purchased this for fifty some-odd dollars and was handed a coupon for a 40 
Good for loud OOOMPA-OOOMPA music. ...but not if you are listening classical and have more than below average requirements regarding sound reproduction quality. There is a hiss present all the 
Sony PSP CTA Digital PS-BGR Rechargeable Battery. worked great for Mom .but was destroyed by my 12 year old in about 30 min. She broke the pins off that hold 
too expensive and my headphones broke in 2 weeks. I am a person who actually uses these items, alot. After 2 weeks of using these headphones, the right earpiece quit 
A Piece of Garbage. This was the worst electronics puchase I ve ever made. When I first got the mini it was great, looked nice and sounded great. Within about 
2 or more handsets are a problem. I agree with others that this phone has great sound and range. However there are two design flaws that I d like to 
Inexpensive Because it s CHEAP - Broken After 3 Weeks. After a few weeks of being constantly plugged in the spring loaded sides that keep it firmly in place gave 
Screws aren t included!. You would think that when you buy a bracket of any sort, the package would include the mounting screws. Well, this doesn t and you aren 
OK - if they survive the shipment. The majority of my cases were damaged in shipping. I immediately threw away about eight, but as I tried to use the rest 
Great Picture Quality...when it works. My wife and I got this TV for Christmas. The picture quality is awesome. We initially thought the built in tuner was great too. We 
This plan does NOT cover replacing DLP lamps. Fist off, I do not own this product, but I have researched it.I just called the customer service number listed for this 
The cover scratches my MacBook. I bought one of these when I bought my Macbook to keep it in pristine condition, just a few months ago. I just popped it 
Mediocre remote. Inferior to other philips remotes. This remote controller was quite a dissapointment. I am using two other Philips Magnavox remotes that are far more convenient and operate better. 
Just Say No. This goes down as one of the worst products that I have ever purchased. To call it retractable is a joke. The concept of the product is 
In Cold Temperatures - Won t Stick. Great design but unfortunately wouldn t stay stuck in cold temperatures - I have a Saturn and the vent clip was not an 
ANTonline will STEAL your Money!. I bought this from ANTonline.This product does NOT fit all Explorists as their advertisement says.It is not even close to fitting the Explorist XL.I returned 
Great Bag, BATTERY is NOT INCLUDED. I love the bag, but did not receive a battery. I called Amazon and my only choice was to return the bag. When ordering 
Not impressed...at all. Will just have to keep buying new copies until something better comes along!. I ordered this on the recommendation of another Amazon customer. I wasnt impressed. I 
Player failed after 3 weeks of use, manufacturer received unit back 10 days ago and has still not given a date for replacement. Product : MP3 Players Sansa M200 Series 
Marketing Pinheads triumph. I got this as a gift from a friend who should know better, but I could easily have been suckered by the weasel words the marketing department 
would be great if it worked. I have purchased the 100GB drive because of what a lot of you said, the space, the size, and the convience of not having 
Professional Heavy Backpack. I purchased the backpack and thought the many compartments would be great. However there is not as much room for documents and folders and I thought. The 
Don t buy this product!. I bought this product as a way to keep a large amount of backup data saved, however I have fought with the drivers for days 
this is a bad guitar. I think this guitar is horrible. I mean it looks so bad also the make looks like its 100 yearss old  
Are they really Taiyo Yuden ???. I know that Taiyo Yuden manufactures quality professional blank media but these are from from it. There is no proof on the CD hub 
Flawed Hardware. simple to use, sounds good. but the input wire for the sound breaks only after a couple weeks use in the car. I sent the first one back 
parts missing & customer service not available. i got this to have at our home for our grandson but it came with no remote although the box stated one was 
Not bad... but not as nice as I wanted... Not bad... but not as nice as I wanted... But I got a refund so no worry  
Overall very poor speakers, but Subwoofer is very good. Okay, so I just bought the JBL SCS-145.5 Speaker System and they are absolutely horrible! I m sorry to say, but 
junk. No matter how you hold this you will accidentilly press a button. In addition the menu is lousy. For instance one screen has 3 options route yes no . 
Great output but teeny weeny expensive ink cartridges. Just bought it today. The print quality is excellent. However, I had to go back to the store for more ink later 
Unable to install, despite reaching D-Link technical support. From looking at the D-Link website and talking to five tech support staff, it appears that there are countless versions of this 
Flawed Device. I purchased the Garmin Forerunner 201 from Amazon, believing I was buying a reliable piece of gear. It doesn t work properly in any built up area, i.e. 
Starting to go after two years.............. I never had a problem with this radio until today. It has been exactly two years since I bought the delphi boom box. My 
two words ---- NO MUTE . Seems like a fine phone, except how can you design a speakerphone with no mute? Useless for working at home in long meetings!!!!!  
Review on GE Cordless 900 MHz 26943GE1 Phone. This phone would not charge for us - we had to send it back for a refund  
Garbage-stopped working after 2 months of extremely gentle use. I never even traveled with it. It just stopped working completely making me lose data.NEVER AGAIN I ll buy anything from 
Sound is disappointing. I bought this product to use in my small office knowing that with the size of the speakers the sound would not be suitable for loud playing 
DO NOT BUY THIS PHONE. Phones won t stay connected to Base Station. Read the review from the guy who s wife died while he could not dial 911. My 
Cable is so thin I cut it in 5 seconds with some cheap pliers. Anybody with a cheap pair of cutting pliers will be able to cut through the cable 
Tip broke off in one year. The headphones sound great--no arguement there. However, I was removing the plastic tips which need to be changed every several months and the headphones 
Bugs in firmware. The minor problem is that the user manual claims the user ID is admin . Well, it is not. Frustration and wasted time will occur until you 
Money to burn.... Please do not waste your time or money on this item, unless you have money to burn. Don t get me wrong, the car charger part of 
This product sucks. I own a Infiniti G35. This product makes a lot of noise and the skip feature did not work in the G35  
Memorex software good or bad? for your neck muscles. This product is a sad joke. It s expensive of course. The paper is just heavyweight paper that s perforated so 
Not as advertised on Amazon. With serious Sirius reception problems in my office and no option to mount outside, I looked to this antenna to help solve the problem. Adverstised 
A Gamble. It s a gamble. It may work for you in your stereo and city? It just doesn t work for me in my stereo and my city. It 
Terrible!. First of all, despite the claim that it works with MacIntosh, it definately does not. There is a template that you can use in Mac with Word, Claris, and 
Better Not to Buy. I m the consumer of SanDisk USB flash drives. I have used couple of sandisk flash drives i.e. 512MB Mini, 256MB Mini before I bought this 
sucks. this thing sucks, as does their telephone support. was told that it didn t support using 2 computers. it seems it should. am still on hold while i write 
Please don t Buy a Zune. I bought the Zune around Christmas time of 2006. I used it on a daily basis and was happy with it. Early in April, 
sorry - didn t do the job for me. i ve given it 2 stars instead of 0 because after i used this CD, the sound from my system did 
Green Picture. I got this at Best Buy 4 months ago, its been serviced twice, has a replacement board and there is a 2 month wait for 2 more replacement 
Never recieved any repalcement paln information. I never recieved any replacement paln informtion regarding my warenty. I had customer service email stating they would send me the paperwork for the 
Works well but way uncomfortable. I will agree with that other review that states this headset is uncomfortable. The ear cushions are fine, but the frame presses into my head 
Poor quality. It didn t work. When I try to transfer video from my Camcorder to my laptop, there is no image neither sound in my lap. According to the 
It worked great until it didn t. I bought this remote with hopes of consolidating down to just one remote. Initially I was able to get my TV, DVR, DVD, 
GREAT WHILE IT LASTS... I LOVED this printer!! The print quality is truly phenomenal! I had a few issues with paper sizes, too many pieces being fed through, the rear 
Cheaply made---look for something more solid. When I got this product out of the box I hadn t seen one in a store before , I was surprised by how 
Piece of Junk - not durable in the least - even for an adult. I purchased this for my 9 year old son for Christmas. Luckily, I took it out 
It was surprise for me. Before I bought this reader I considered 2 models 12-in-1: Lexar and SanDisk. I decided to buy Lexar.I bought this reader to use mostly with 
tearing paper. I went through at least half the pack on wasted jammed paper. I truly have never had a problem with paper going through my printer, but this - 
palm pad keeps peeling. The left palm pad keep peeling, possibly from the uneven heat.This make the protection pad a lot less useful than one wouldthink, which is most people 
This one s a dud. I love the Saitek 880 wired gamepad. So I figured the wireless would be that much better. Unfortunately, my next purchase will be another wired 
Good IDEA Bad Product. Okay so I was excited to get these... Thought they would work great protcect my entire ipod from scratches and be an all around good product... 
Good when it works. I bought this item not to cool my laptop, but to provide some insulation from the heat when it s on my lap sitting in a 
stay away... recent quality is TERRIBLE. I ve previously purchased Memorex media DVD R and have not had any problems until recently. My latest purchase has given me infinitely more 
button presses not registering!!. i bought this for an exam with restrictions about what kind of calculator I could have ... in my prep work I noticed a few times 
Archos 604 stand-up case. I bought this as a gift. The recipient told me that the back of the closure snap scratched his Archos 604 Wifi to the point he 
Not in stock as of 2 28 07. Although listed as in stock when I ordered it was canceled due to unspecified reasons -- I assume it is NOT in 
Piece of junk. Don t bother with this charger, keep looking. I do not have enough negative adjectives for this charger. Echo the other reviewers regarding the sliding contacts, they 
lousy. Uses an absurd amount of ink. printed 3 sheets of 8X10 photos one CD and about 15-20 documents and ran out of ink not just one or two Cartridges 
many people are having charging cradle problems. Once you get this remote working -- which I found challenging, and I work with computers all day long -- you ll definitely 
Perfdormance of Audio Technica AT-PL50 Belt Drive Turntable. There was no problem with the turntable, except the sound was very poor, distorted and muddy. I thought it had to be 
Beware! No HDMI Cable!. Specs look good. HDMI 1.3a, 1080p, firmware upgrade over Ethernet, etc. The unit seems to be solid heavy and well built.However, Toshiba chose to ship this 
Don t buy this. This product was absolutely awful. First of all it is VERY picky about the USB port you are using. My first attempt was to use it 
Case Logic Neoprene DVD Player Shuttle. Requested a return authorization the day received. It was not what we thought we ordered. It has been 5 weeks and still no authorization 
DEAD after only 1 year. I bought this DVD player after my Sony player died prematurely. Is it just me, or are DVD players supposed to have a longer life?? 
Nice feature set if it worked. I purchased this item for my daughter through the military exchange based on the connectivity options it offered. The item came in well packaged 
It doesn t work. Nothing that uses FW400 responds to being plugged into this device, whether is it bus powered or not.Bloody useles  
not worth it. Just got this item recently to split my vga output on my comp. This particular item is not worth the price. The cables are not shielded, and 
Bulky to use..... The cords provided for the hook-ups are way too long....especially when you are riding a motorcycle....I could wrap them around me twice and still have cord left. 
this sucks, please don t buy it. I had a linkysy router for years before I bought this piece of crap. It was great, so I didn t expect all 
Was Great then broke. First I rated it great and it was, for two movies. Then it broke and the picture was scrambled and rolling. The end.  
Awful. I bought these speakers for my emac, as an upgrade to the two built in speakers. They are in fact much worse than the built in speakers. They are 
The Linksys converter was pure junk!. The product not only did not work but blew out fuses in my car. The mechanic who checked my car out said the device 
Old technology from Emerson Research. I used to have this same unit under the brand name Emerson Research It s a pretty good unit, but it s a very old 
Windows Media Player incompatibility. Incredibly frustrating. I was quite happy with my T30 until I recently upgraded my windows media player to version 11. It became IMPOSSIBLE to add any 
Buyer Beware Syntax Olevia Target. Purchased this TV December 10 after much research. Unfortunately for me the TV was defective on arrival!When it is working it is a very nice 
DON T BUY. Or You WIll Regret. I do not leave feedback of any kind on amazon.com, but this time as I was listening to my car audio today, I 
Creative ZEN Nano minus . The Creative Nano sucks. 4 hrs and 2 calls to tech suppoert and the unit still will not be recognized by my computer. One of 
Eh... It gets the job done, but the sound is not even close to the quality of the actual iTrips. I bought this cheaper transmitter after dropping my iTrip, and 
Synchronization tool not a hard drive. I purchased this item thinking that I could manipulate files and make room on my laptop hard drive by transferring them to the portable, 
Macally Cigarette Power Adapter for iPod. I wanted an cigarette lighter power adapter for my iPod but this must be for the old fire wire version. My ipod cord is 
Worked Great...When It Worked. Worked after I opened the box. Took on a plane...didn t work after the plane ride... Tried again after removing and repositioning batteries repeatedly , then 
Completely Worthless When Used As Recommended. Both Amazon and Sony present this power supply as suitable for the ICF-M410V Sony Radio. Check Sony s web page Only when you receive 
Worked while it worked. I liked this machine while it worked, but I started having problems finalizing discs a bit ago. I got busy and suddenly the warranty was up, 
Pocket Radio. Bought this radio to use in a high rise office building. Radio AM tuner unable to receive signal through the building walls structure. Works great, if outdoors  
Ipod speakers. These speakers worked good while they worked. They didn t even last a year though. The sounds keeps cutting out on them or doesn t work at all. 
did not work. This drive has a great aesthetic design, but did not work out of the box when I received it. Amazon delivered promptly as usual, but quality of 
So close and yet so far!!!. Sure, this calculator does lots of really neat stuff. It would be impossible to give a rating based on the features. Either it does 
This phone has no battery life. Even with a brand new set of batteries, this handset still fully discharges in a few hours even when no calls are made. I 
DO NOT BUY. I wish I had read the problems and netgear.com forums before purchasing this product.Huge flaw in this product requires that it be restarted daily. This requires you 
Never received it!. This item was promised to me as a free bonus for my purchase of Casio Exilim camera, but was never delivered. Now Amazon wants me to review 
Good...But. This is a good case except for the fact that when you want to charge it or put music on it you have to undo the metal thing and 
Broke after 3 months. I bought this memory card for my Canon SD 200...after using it for approximately 3 months with no problems whatsoever, I took a video and the 
One of the worst network cams on the market. The camera Locks up many times. It is certainly not for those who want this camera to be monitoring all the 
For Wilderness Use. I m using this in an area where, as usual, there is no map data for the trails and roads. Navigating through old and obscured trail systems 
It will protect your mini.... but the touch wheel is harder to use.I bought this case about a month ago and immediately put my baby into it. Since that point 
Buyers beware. [...]. Sound Blaster X-Fi Xtreme are not based on any kind of X-Fi chip. These cards are in fact based on Audigy LS low budget version of old 
Not Worth It. The photo is decrptive. The photo makes it look wider than it is. As no dimensions are listed, I was fooled by the photo. It s only 
Be an educated consumer! You don t have to spend a lot for digital cables. You don t have to spend a fortune on expensive cables when you are dealing 
Connection problems. I m having the same connectivity issues as the other two reviewers Noah and Casey . We have two servers where I installed the cards, running Windows 2003 
Waste of money. I bought this cahrger and I was never able to use it!!!I even bought the correct tip for my laptop but I can t get it to 
DOA Twice. Don t buy these, they are total garbage. They won t turn on at all, I followed all of the instructions and still nothing. Avoid this  
Arrived DOA. This phone arrived DOA and there is no way I could use it. As usual, you get what you pay for  
Cool device, but connectivity problems. I bought the Archos 600 mostly for the picture- and video viewing and sharing ability - the large screen and good portability seemed ideal to 
Nice hardware - really bad drivers. Ever since I loaded the Targus drivers on my Tungsten C, the battery discharges quickly and won t take a full charge.I ve removed 
Beware..Not compatible with many HP printers. Before buying this product you absolutely have to go on the web site and try to find out if they support your printer. Their 
Not suitable for heavy books. This bookstand, despite the description, is not suitable for heavy books. If you put heavy books on this, the stand that props up the whole 
Too hard to open. It is difficult not to break them when first trying to open them. On the flip side once they have been opened once, they don t 
Too Pricey. Not a Good Mouse. GAMERS BEWARE!. Ok, first of all, IT DRIFTS! Leave it undisturbed on a plain wooden surface and the cursor begins to...drift! I bought it 
Buy Something Else. I bought two,one for me,one for my son. He is so disappointed, and I m very upset. I m happy I only opened one. I guess you 
wont work with itunes for windows. also import a cd , money down the drai  
Not ready for prime time. This thing has TONS of potential... I ordered one and got it up and running quickly. the Wi-Fi range was not good, so I got 
Lovely sound, horrible build quality. I bought a pair in January and loved them. Sound is as lovely as everyone describes. However, there are something seriously lacking in the build 
For casual use, most advanced functions do NOT work. Basic connectivity and wireless work. Any attempt to use advanced firewall rules fail including VPN passthrough. This device could not have 
Creative Labs Gigaworks S750 7 Piece THX 7.1 Speaker System. Total waste of money, unless the only thing you want to do with this system is connect it to another 
sucks. The player was alright for a while but after like a month the display stopped showing any text and then it stopped linking up to my computer properly and 
Yes, beware!. Do not order this item, if you want a DVD player with a 5 inch screen. This item is not as pictured. You will receive a small orange 
Very unhappy with this purchase. I bought this same brand of discs sometime last year on this very site. I was very pleased with the purchase then. I didn t 
Installation nightmare. I haven t listened to these yet, and I m sure the sound quality is great. However, trying to get the grilles to fit on the speakers after 
Coby DVD Player. The picture is really nice, but playback time did not last long. First time charge lasted less than 1 hour and playback time indicated low battery before 
Don t be fooled by Amazon. They advertise the Toshiba 32DF46 32 Pure Flat, but they will deliver the Toshiba 32D46 32 which is a round tube. I had to 
They Just Don t Make Them To Last Anymore!. The Onkyo TX-8522 receiver lasted less than one month. I purchased it to replace a Fisher receiver I have had for 
If I could give it zero stars, I would. DO NOT BUY THIS LAMINATOR. The first one I bought broke and the replacement broke the first time I used it. 
sent to old address never received it. I contacted amazon when I found out it was sent to my old address but they said they could not help me.I had 
Broke after 3 months. I bought this memory card for my Canon SD 200...after using it for approximately 3 months with no problems whatsoever, I took a video and the 
Remote System. All I have to say is it sucks! I have bought two of the 479V remotes and they have both crapped out on me. Not to mention, I 
No VISTA Support for HP laptops. This printer will NOT be supported on 64 bit operating systems! I learned this the hard way  
serious drop in quality. I have always been a fan of Sony because they make quality products that are user-friendly . That is why I was in a state of 
Terrible. I bought one from a store, which didn t work, so I thought I d try Amazon.com. Well the one I order from here didn t work, either. Rather 
Product stopped working. The first unit worked OK for about a month but then just stopped transmitting, if you unplugged it and plugged it back in again it would work 
No optical input !. This system is very expensive, but Bose didn t even bother to put an optical input so that you can get the optimal sound from your 
I Want My Money Back and A New CD. This junk absolutley ruined an otherwise mildy scratched CD. Avoid at all costs unless you want to completely destroy a CD. 
Admirable concept, but shoddy manufacturing not worth the price. The first product I ever bought from Razer was one of their Copperhead mice. It was expensive, but I was impressed 
I must have different stuff. After multiple applications and rereading of directions, I can t see any discernable difference. Maybe with polishing cloth.  
OK if you don t need it more then 10 feet from base. After the last Panasonic 4-line debacle....1 key failes in 6 months on ALL handsets YIKES! and with 
Not Quite There Yet. I purchased this yoke thinking that I would get a better flight experience with MSFS but the responsivness of the yoke is terrible. I had an 
Poor audio output and no mic mute make Big Al mad!. I want a wireless headset for Skype and maybe some gaming. I thought the ZX-6000 was it, but it 
Didnt Travel Well. While traveling in China I hooked up this charger to a Sharper Image voltage converter and had to through it away after it started smoking. A much 
It s a No Show for 30 days. Well, I can t give an honest review of this product because I haven t yet received it. I ordered it on 
My Book Pro II External Hard Drive. Disappointing, the drive is very noisy, when you reboot the drive runs with the fan on high then shuts down. I would not 
lost sound. The unit has many positive features, however the signal is easily lost indoors and often outdoors as well. If it were not such a hassele I would return 
Use on High Res LCD monitor. Terrible results. Scan line interference. Looked like steady stream of waves  
Keyboard works on Mac. SOFTWARE DOESN T!. The keyboard does a nice job as a usb unit. The packaging does a less than stellar job of clearly stating up front 
range is poor even with direct line of sight. it s range is poor even with direct line of sight  
nice while it lasted. When i first bought these things they were awesome and really cute. i loved the volume control they isolated noise pretty well just not wind but 
FireWire was defective on mine. I bought it, and USB was fine, but the FireWire ports didn t work. Lost time and money sending it in for warranty service  
This is JUNK. I bought one of these about 3 days ago and it s already broken. I try to charge my ipaq1940 with the suggested tip and the adapter 
Very disappointed. I purchased this radio because our favorite smooth-jazz station became a hip-hop station, and we learned that the smooth jazz programming was available on the secondary digital channel. 
Warning-does not work with Sangean radio. This adaptor is suggested as an accessory on the web page selling the Sangean DT-220V AM FM Stereo Pocket Size Radio. It will not 
ethernet for wii console. Need a wired connection for wii console, so bought this however couldnt get it to work. Is unusable to me.  
Absolutely awful. Followed the instructions to the letter. PCs would not work once connected and even worse stopped XP starting up - had to go back to restore point. Belkin 
not what I expected. As previous reviews state, there is NO clip, which is the reason I purchased it in the first place.  
Iogear Laser Terrible. The Iogear Laser mice mouses are terrible. I bought this mouse GME521 and the travel desktop mouse and the sensitivty & reaction of both mice are the 
Not very good. I use a plastic water bottle and the only part that is kept cold is the bottom.  
No tape monitor feature. It has been 15 years since I last shopped for a stereo receiver, and back then there were certain features that all receivers came with, regardless 
Compare to Radio Shack Model 12-898. Although the RS receiver doesn t have TV reception who cares ,it is 1 2 the price, PLL digital, 3 speaker, DX LOC switch, 
I will never buy one agian. I have had nothing but problems out of mine. first off, the screen went out due to a factory defect only 3 months after 
READ IF YOU CAN T TURN ON YOUR NEW PLAYER. When you receive your new Zen Vision M, there is a very good chance that the player can neither be 
False Advertising. I ordered this Complete Kit naively thinking that the box would include what it said it included with the label applicator: 24 white matte labels and 6 white 
no Range. I purchased these radios for a back up so to speak for my elderly mother. We live approximately 1 2 mile from each other and I wanted her 
Very sad about this... The card worked fine for my son s graduation and a family holiday but became corrupted during my brother s wedding and I lost all the 
Nice but wouldn t buy it again... The Linksys WIP320 offers good sound quality but:- Battery weak; lasts an hour in speaking, you have to charge it always during standby 
shipping issues. order this from their website. shipping there costs 2.50 instead of 45 like Boxwave charges here. Apparently this very small piece of plastic comes in a 3 lb 
Less then What I had hoped for... First let me say I am a big supporter of the Zune, and it s software. I love it and wouldn t mind 
QUITE POSSIBLY THE WORST MOUSE IN THE HISTORY OF ALL MICE!!!!!. DO NOT BUY THIS MOUSE!This mouse has given me nothing but frustration.1. The front of the mouse where the 
Product Advertisement Deceptive. I purchased this product for my business. The manufacturers Ad indicated that you can take notes and transfer to PC. Also, the Script is handy to convert 
GARBAGE X 2. Ok.... I bought one of these as a refurb thinking that it was a great bargain... hey 5GB for less than 100 what a deal. Once you 
Terrible Disappointment and Waste of Time. This was terrible. I returned after hours with tech support and days of email exchanges with Apple Support Desk.The product will probably be better 
Looks fancy but doesnt serve the purpose. This is really a very small mouse and after a while just too difficult to use. Planning to send it in for a 
Does not do the job!. The product is a four USB hub however, for USB flash drives, which is what I got it for, it does not work: you can 
PCI Gigabit cards aren t going to be Gigabit speed on the PCI bus. The PCI bus does not have the bandwidth to get you Gigabit speed. You will be 
unreliable discs. I burn about 50 CDs a week in live music trades. I can tell you from experience that these discs do not last. After a year or so, 
Brother M231 Labeling Tape-1 2 inch width. This stuff is great. My wife and I use it to label things we don t use often so we can tell at 
sucks, very poor quality. The product is just piece of crap. don t waste money on i  
Background noise!. The Item doesn t work properly. The video quality is okay. There is a loud background static type of noise both on the TV and on the computer 
Not good. The LCD is easier to use than the earlier version that relied on audio clips to switch frequency. You may have to experiment a good deal to find 
Wrong Discription of Item. I could be wrong but when i looked a this item i thought it was going to be a router that would interface to my DSL 
Two paper cups and a string would work better. These have to be the flimsiest radios with the worst reception around. If you only want to hear the monster megawatt 
Texts and pictures on the labels SMEAR ! ! !. I just bought these matte labels. When I printed a photo, I noticed that photos come out at the ultra 
Poor Construction. The teeth on the metal contact broke off after first use in top flight DSLR equipment  
Confusing. Basically, the O2 comes with very few instructions, and you have to go on the internet to find any manuals and so on. Even with the online help, it 
Which iPod do you have? How to pick the iSkin?. I have now been shipped two iSkins for my 60Gig, and both of them had the holes in the top 
100 useless for exercising. The Sennheiser PMX70 had excellent sound quality and volume compared with others I d used recently. I had high hopes on first listen. However, these semi-in 
Not to be used with iPaq. This keyboard folds out well and I liked the feel of the keys.However, the IR connector needs to be in direct connection with the 
KODAK CARD READER. I got this from JnR . This unit powers up but the computer fails to detect it. I tried this on multiple computers. MAy be this was 
Old technology from Emerson Research. I used to have this same unit under the brand name Emerson Research It s a pretty good unit, but it s a very old 
UNa basura. This mic is a piece of trash ...I bougth it and you have to shout to be listened..es una completa basura y una perdida de recursos  
A sure 1.5 to 2.0 star rating, I had hoped for more. Trusting to insightful reviewers here, I purchased a Grundig G4000A with a few clicks. I supposed that my 
The mystery of the Sony CD-Rs continues. I purchased this item recently at a local Radio Shack because it was on sale for 7.99. In my case, I did not 
Beware this tricky little backwards baby. I must say that I had to return my Atdec wall mount, cuz it s made in a cut corner way that should be 
Iriver products lack Plug and Play with Macs. I have an Iriver T10 and there is virtually no software to support the USB plug and play interface that Mac owners 
Not a lot of a value for the money. Too many disadvantages:1. No battery backup2. Even on the brightest setting the clock are barely visible from the distance.3. You d 
Be Aware : you may receive a white box without A V Adapter cable. Be aware that there are two white boxes in the market. One is older and there 
Garmin Zumo 550. Excellent GPS goes from car to bike to handheld easily. Easy to use I wish I had this on my last crosscountry trip.  
overpriced and unsupported. I bought the Explorist which I am generally happy with, but this software is lousy and there is no product support for it on the website. The 
Compatible?. I am sure this product works wonderfully with most devices, however, with my Panasonic SV-SD80 MP3 player, this product was not compatible. I could still transfer files to it 
Not As Great As It Sounds. If you re planning on using this much as a radio, think again. The reception on trains over land is terrible. The reception at 
DO NOT BUY FROM AMAZON.COM. Better cards are available from other retailers - just check epinions.com - you will find a whole bunch for 19 or less. Also they deliver, 
Not Good. I purchased this product December of 2006. I got it and was very very pleased with it. Video, Music, Pictures, FM radio, FM radio recording was all good, 
Can t Make work in Dell Dim2400. Tried upgrade of PS to 400watts. Bios I ve set to AUTO not onBoard.Can t rate what isn t working..  
Horrible. This product is far by the worst CD player I ve ever owned. It s takes a while for the songs to read on the CD and the songs 
sansa transmitter. wrong transmitter advertized with sansa e250 as accessory had to may 11.00 in shipping fees not refunded on docking statio  
Do Not Buy, It s a Ripoff. This product does not work. PERIOD. I wrote to them for a refund and so far haven t heard back but in fairness 
A WARNING - DO NOT USE. I had no problems burning to these discs, its when I went back a few months later to these discs and found out that 
MISSING TRAVEL KIT. I cannot review this item since I have not received it so far at the shipping address I gave Amazon when I did the purchase.I bought four 
It didn t work. The radio for the boom box worked. The CD player did not work. I had to return it to be repaired or replaced. I do not 
not exceptional. I don t even use it anymore, didn t think it was that great. I got a gel rest from fellows, a lot better...  
Great for four months. This item was great for the few months that it worked. I liked how I could just plug it straight into a USB port to transfer 
Not much better than plain paper. Most Canon photo paper is very high quality. I print to the photo paper glossy and photo paper plus all the time and am 
Tight fit for the iPod. This would be probably be best for a mini. It was just too tight for the color screen iPod. After working hard to squeeze it 
Do not waste your money on this piece of junk. I want to give this product a zero rating! Within one month of purchase, the battery lid got broken and 
very dissapoinyed by Brother Products. My last Brother fax a higher end model just stopped working. Can t find anyonme to work on these so you throw it away and 
Works fine but not Sport . I bought this drive primarily to keep on my keychain and because the cap wrapped around the body and I would not have to 
Terrible Support. I contacted Linksys to determine the best product to purchase to improve signal coverage in home network. First tried extender and should have listened to others who rated 
Hard to use, user instructions are not easy to read. I bought this to replace an older sharp organizer. I liked the old one a lot, but the lines of 
CONSTANT PROBLEMS - ESPECIALLY WITH MAC. Since we bought this to work with our Mac, we have had nothing but problems. If asked to print one page of a document 
Very flaky, contrary to Viking s reputation for quality. I ve owned various Viking branded memory cards in the past and have always been pleased with their performance, until I 
Appears to work but does not when you need to use it. Please be very careful when reading reviews of this product. I have been using the home edition for 
Not cost-effective. In the case of HD Radio, the HD does not stand for high-definition, but hybrid-digital. HD Radio implements something called digital IBOC, which has only 60 the coverage 
Very cheap cable. I wouldn t say this is cheap in price considering the quality. It should have been 1.99. Severe ghosting on a Gateway VX1120 through a LinkSys PS2KVM4 
No workie. Unit apparently does not work with older magnavox VHS. Wasted my money  
Poor sound quality. I recently bought this radio, primarily for my car, but also got the home dock. It was easy to set up and install both types of kit. 
Poor framerate, tricky setup. I really wanted to like this gadget, but I ve ultimately been disappointed. The idea is COOL, being able to see your family and carry on 
Save Your Money! This System is Complete Junk!. How much can I emphasize that I wish we HAD NEVER PURCHASED THIS SYSTEM? Purchasing a radio from a dollar store would 
short bulb life. Rated as 3000 hour bulb life when purchased, today they claim 4000 hours.Bulb lasted only 900 hours. Service at unfocused does not care about creating a satisfied 
4-Year Service Plan for Televisions. I purchased the 4-year service contract thru Amazon actually 3 years since the 1st year is covered under warranty . I never received a conformation 
Mine broke after 7 months and 1 day. good while it lasted, POS broke yesterday for no reason, won t read anything i put in it, phillips customer service was 
Died suddenly... repair impractical, lost my stuff. One day it just stopped working. I got the dreaded orange and green flashing lights of death ... the contents of the File 
Not for Comcast Motorola DVR users. Start off with the bad news. I have a Motorola DVR Converter box with my Comcast cable service, and the Comcast remote sends the 
not fully satisfied. I do not do much printing, but the ink ran low after a very short time. It did not last as long as it normally does when 
DANGER, WILL ROBINSON!! NOT COMPATIBLE with Linksys Wireless PCI Adapter!. Okay ... it s late, and I m crabby after wrestling with a wireless network for most of the day.I 
Disappointed. This may be a good SD, don t know because the company would not allow shipment to Hawaii. Therefore ordered the Viking SD and it has been a very 
RIP-OFF: Doesn t advertise that you need an AC adaptor. I would like to believe that this hub works well- but I wouldn t know. I bought it to reduce 
Ram didn t work. After nearly two weeks, I m still waiting for Kingston to ship out replacement ram. The ram was installed and after just one day, the ram 
WARNING. I don t have a clue how this item works - I just took it out of the box. What I can tell you is that it does NOT 
SONY STEALING PEOPLE S MONEY!. DO NOT BUY THIS TV, I BOUGHT IT IN FEBRUARY AND IT HAS A LOT OF BACKLIGHT BLEEDING ALL OVER THE SCREEN THIS IS TERRIBLE, 
slooooooooow. This card is such a disappointment. It is soooo sloooooow. I use it for my digital camera, mp3 player, and ipaq. It takes forever to copy anything to and 
Did not function as expected. The Maxtor OneTouch iii - Mini Edition did not function as expected. It doesn t backup system files neither the Windows folder , nor make 
Not a good deal. Amazon has decided to exclude these print cartridges from the free shipping, even when you are buying several. When you factor in the shipping charges, you 
I ve had problems too. I set up a wireless network with the Belkin wireless N router and three computers containing the desktop card. The first two worked fine, although 
 Acquiring Signal for eternity. I purchased this receiver in December 2005. It worked like a champ until February 2006 when it began to have issues with decoding the satellite 
Nice features but poor display and reception. A terrific idea: Show the current time AND the alarm times all at once. Very intuitive, very helpful. Unfortunately, the backlit LCD display 
Did not perform as advertised. This unit failed to provide reliable power to my new Toshiba Satellite A60 laptop. It cycled on and off every 3 seconds. It powered a 
No Vista Compatibility. Do not buy this if you are planning on using Windows Vista. There are no not even beta drivers and the Windows XP 64 drivers do not 
Review. The adapter, which allows you to connect your CD player to your car s stereo system, worked fine and I am completely satisfied with it. The CD player is 
NEEDS HIGH CONTRAST DISPLAY!!!. I m sure the capabilities are wonderful. That s why I bought it. But, it was so difficult to use - because I couldn t see 
Targus does not issue drivers for my Viewsonic v37. It worked OK for 2 months, but the KB kept on falling off. When I complained, I was told that the 
Amazon never delivered. I ordered an amazon stocked Aquos. After one month of waiting, Amazon sent a notice that the order was delayed another 3 weeks. Nuf said - AMAZON 
DWL-G820 is a piece of crap. Do not buy this for your xbox. It sucks. The unit was functional well, not defective and by dialing in to the unit it 
Drive itself is great, U3 software troublesome. As a sysadmin, I am administering Windows, Linux and Mac PCs all day, and need this device to go between them all seamlessly.Pros: 
Horrible quality. I was deeply disappointed for buying stuff from Memorex. Not a single DVD was usable in the pack. Never gonna buy anything from Memorex!  
Unresolved Difficulties. This remote was easy to program but has not worked well for me. It will suddenly turn on all the emitters, which then blocks all commands for up 
15db? I doubt it. Despite careful aiming, this has exactly, and I mean exactly, the same signal strength as my cheapie 6 Airlink 7db omni, and is weaker than my 
Swiss Gear rolling computer case. The bag is self was very nice. Compartmentalized beautifully. The problem was the telescoping arm would not stay in the open position, kept closing up 
KILLS COMPUTER UN-STOPPABLE SHRIEK ALARM. I mistakenly believed the hype that this thing would PROTECT my computer from BEING KILLED, but instead, this thing has KILLED my computer FOR THE 
half of this never worked. I decided to risk the purchase based on previous reviews. I got it and it seemed like it would be fine. The VCR portion worked 
Part doesn t work. This part doesn t work because I put it on a hi def monitor and it wouldn t come on  
Worthless. Zero stars is more like it. No matter what I did in the way of configuration, it would not work. I have wasted nearly a week of my time 
You re Kidding. I m usually a big linksys supporter. This is an exception. This device is a joke. Not a very funny one. The first thing I was told 
Horrible support but a good unit. I bought this unit for my wife and we received it this week. It works great. When I registered the unit on line I 
Cheap. Product is cheap and of poor manufacture; routinely causes my iPod to disconnect and reconnect to my computer at the slightest bump of my iPod, potentially leading to data 
Xtreme TB264DKO 264-Disc CD DVD Case - rebate problem. I also bought this item. Sent in all of the required documents, including original UPC. Rebate denied because UPC was not 
Just doesn t work. Should have believed all the other negative reviews. Didn t work in my Honda Civic and didn t work in my Nissan Altima, both with original 
Memory card error. My review mirrors of this product mirrors that of another customer posted recently. For some months after I first bought the card, it worked great. Now it 
Customer service disappears. Adapter advertised to work with Magellan 2200t but is the wrong adapter. Not sure who is at fault but Amazon has not responded  
Eh... It works if there s a direct line of sight to the reciever. In other words, if the ipod is lying down horizontally, it won t respond. You ll 
This is NOT a photo printer. The black-and-white printing is OK but the photo printing is terrible. This printer simply cannot print black in photo mode. I used the Canon 
I am never going to buy it again. It not transparent cover so its hard to figure out which CD it is. I had to put all stickers to recognize 
Have some problems with the CDs. The first CD in this pack was damaged even before writing : . Well, I was able to write the second one without issues. 
CHEAP. Poor sound quality, few features, not too easy to program. Don t waste your money  
It s just OK. I was excited when I saw the price because I d been looking for a cheap cordless that had an answering machine. I love the answering 
 Can you hear me now? : I wish. I read the reviews and chose to believe the good ones. Bad choice.While watching on NetStumbler the product would DECREASE my 
I ve returned this item. I ve returned this item because the color is not pearl white as the website showed, plus, my friend also did not like this color 
service????. after purchase they want the buyer to call for the service agreement. of course you want a hard copy, that is why you bought it. just do it.  
Good tool for Archos but at very much cost. Its a good accessory for Archos product, I have 604 wifi. Its compatible with generation 4 Archos devices.Pros:1 Good build2 Enough 
AWFUL sound - stay away. I have always bought and liked Uniden phones. Tried this one based on Consumer Reports recommendation and because I wanted caller ID. AWFUL reception - 
Not one of Sony s most user friendly products. I bought this just to use as a CD player at the gym. Sound is fine but display is only adequate, 
BEWARE of Kingston REBATES!. Beware of KINGSTON rebates!Of course, I hope your experience would differ, if you were to buy Kingston product s , but mine was terrible.I bought a 
BEWARE! Beltronics will not honor it s warranty. I own a different model of Beltronics radar detector the Express 925 which I have had for less than a month. It 
Lovely sound, horrible build quality. I bought a pair in January and loved them. Sound is as lovely as everyone describes. However, there are something seriously lacking in the build 
Cover advertised to go with MP4 I purhcased. This items was advertised to go with the MP4 I had puchased and it was entirely too big for the item.  
Cool idea, BUT... This device has lots of problems. The customer support was not very good either. We had difficulty setting up the wifi access when we got it. Customer 
memorex blank dvd s. In each pack there have been several dvd s that aren t any good. Too many bad discs in my opinio  
Good when it works. I bought this item not to cool my laptop, but to provide some insulation from the heat when it s on my lap sitting in a 
5 star,if comes w own s manual booklet. Unfortunately,comes with electronic format only.What happen to people doesn t had any computer with printer ?What I m going to do when 
I returned it -. Voice echoed back to me - cheap casing that I would expect in a 20 phone.I returned it after 1 day - very disappointed and way 
bad ink cartridges. I ordered the combo ink cartridge package. The black cartridge quit working after one page. I emailed the contact person and it took almost a week before 
Good system - one huge flaw. This is a good product - sounds great, gets good battery life, everything you d hope for in an iPod dock. But it has 
Only bought because Imation Sonix stopped making their label. No where near as easy to use as my old system ,But with trial and error can have a decent amount 
Be an educated consumer! You don t have to spend a lot for digital cables. You don t have to spend a fortune on expensive cables when you are dealing 
Battery Issues. As all of the other posters state this controller has a serious issue with its batteries. I, too, contacted the company and without any question they sent two 
Doesn t work with the C340. This mount won t work with the Streetpilot C340 - it s really designed for the 2700 series types. wish I had known that 
Waste of money. This is a complete waste of money for a number of reasons.1. This hub will not work with any USB powered devices. So forget being able to 
Broke without warning. I bought this Adapter because I could use the cable that came with iPOD, one fewer thing to carry . Well, about six months after opening this 
Just awful. After reading the reviews on here I was hesitant to use the product I had just purchased. But I figured what could I lose - it was already 
No backing up, just breaking!. Tried Acronis for about 6 weeks and finally, went back to using XP Pro s back-up prog. The more than several problems I had with 
It went dark after 6 months. I bought this monitor in April, 2006. For six months it was great. Then it stopped working. It s under warranty, so I am 
Worked like a charm for 24 hours. Install went smooth on my W2K dell inspiron notebook. Everything worked fine for 24 hours then it just stopped. Worked with customer support 
Crappy Tuner. I`m very Dissapointed with this boombox. The FM tuner has too much interference The FM is fine if you listen to a strong station but If you tune 
Device Permanantly Reverts to Japanese Language. If you are considering this device, be aware that it will revert from English language to Japanese if it sits around without being used 
Sub par experience. Well, I did considerable research for comparable low-budget microphones. I have a 3-chip Panasonic consumer video camera and I m interested in producing documentaries, shorts and travel 
Back up your data now!. I bought this drive in late 2003, and it s gone through a moderate amount of use in a home environment since then. The positives 
About This Thing. This product is not for the heavy handedafter 2 weeks of use one of the slots was non functional because spring leaf to hold the card against 
No Audio Punch Through!?. The remote would be fine, except it will not allow you to punch through the volume to your receiver, only your TV. This makes the whole 
Stopped working after one movie. I was so happy with the first DVD I played - then the second and every next DVD would not load. The player has never 
Sony SRF-M85V S2 - poor design and recepction. I have been using the Sony Walkman receivers for years, and am familiar with the product. Two major problems with this model:First, 
Confirmed - No go for Dell s. Bought one of these fellers for my laptop to use one of the old IBM clicky type keyboards; no trouble using the keyboard 
dwt108 double wide 108 disc dvd tower. Was a little hard putting it together. You have to be very careful taking the cds out or it would fall apart. I 
You get what you pay for. Basically this is a cheap item that should not be purchased. You can spend a little more and get a nicer and better equipped 
Horrible use of battery power - PURCHASE NOT RECOMMENDED. This would be a great wireless mouse if it weren t for it s battery usage. It runs on dual AAA 
Worst Warranty Service I have ever experienced. This TV has a great picture and would be a 5 star rating if it had acceptablewarranty service. I bought this TV in 
DVD operation is very poor. While the price for this HTS is very nice, the performance is substandard. There s a hissing sound when the unit is off. The DVD 
Easy to Use But Unreliable. We bought this phone two years ago. While the phone is pretty easy to use and has nice features I ve especially enjoyed the handsfree 
Kingston 2 GB SD Memory Card. This SD would not work in my Nikon Coolpix S6 camera but the Fuji and Sandisk product did  
Belkin Kaiser Napa, feminine and not well represented. Unfortunately this item was not at all what I was expecting or wanted. Amazon did not have a pic, but I chekced 
Awkward data entry. Well, technically, it does everything it says it does. but data entry is awkward, having to toggle between the calculator screen for numbers and the alpha screen 
not ready for prime time. Primitive menu systemChoppy output at HDWireless not quite fast enoughNO PAUSE BUTTON. If you stop the video, you get to start at the beginning again.Media 
I am not too happy. The item is good, the sound is decent but i tought than a refurbished item was an item that you can hardly say it s 
Unmet Expectations. Seemed to be just what I was looking for. But that was not reality.While the unit looks nice and had a good price, for use a low volumes 
Poor quality - avoid. I have a collection of over 1500 disks so I have bought many cd dvd cases over the years and this brand is the worst quality 
Belkin 12 S Cable. The ends are comming off this cable doesn t meet the normal Belkin standards  
Overpriced --underprotected. Just received the flex skin and my first thought is that this is way over priced. This is a 5.00 piece of soft plastic that will do very 
IOGear DVI CS1764. I got this device to connect two laptops and two desktops, to one screen and one keyboard and mouse. The Mouse is a Microsoft Intellimouse, and the 
DON T BUY THIS PRODUCT!. This player is junk. It would not play music for more than two hours before going dead. When I called Toshiba, the person that I 
Frustration PLUS! Flimsy construction!. Instructions which come with this item are woefully inadequate to get a person started. Everything I tried to make it work with my iPaq pocket PC 
Broke in less than a year. The player stopped working after only a few months - it would accept DVDs but not play them and refuse to eject them. That 
Limited use if you don t live in a highly populated city.The price is not warranted to its usefulness. Garmin needs to have a chip to up-grade changes in the 
Sound good, wires weak. I loved these earbuds for 5 weeks, right up until they stopped working. The wires to the iPod the stationary wires, not the ones that wind 
Far too overpriced for this length!! You shouldn t spend more than 10. Much like the previous reviewer I urge you not to spend lots of money on HDMI cables. 
Horrible sound. Hardly any bass, tinny treble, not natural-sounding for acoustic instruments, concert jazz bands, and string orchestras. Don t get these, go with Philips HS500 or Sennheiser PMX60 instead. 
Great Quality Recordings - but completely incompatible with macs. What s annoying about this solid recorder is that Sony hasn t elected to make it compatible with mac. It records 
Good Sound Poor Craftsmanship. It s sounds great for a FM transmitter. Beware I bought 3 of them, each time one of the channels would go out. Usually in less 
Worked for a while. When it worked, it did as described, but twice it stopped functioning and all data was lost. Now when it is connected the computer fails to 
For OS X, a uselessly slow hard drive. I use this thing with a MacBook Pro. Actually, I don t use it. My plan was to keep all of my 
Usable, but critically flawed. The plastic case is sturdy and clear -- viewing the video screen through the plastic is not a problem.There are, however, two major design flaws:1. The 
Radio reception stinks. Period. As others have written in their reviews, the radio reception on this is simply horrible. The manual and their website suggest extending the power cord to 
Love it, or Hate it. Loved it, the first day. Hated it ever since. Right out of the box, it worked like a champ, sounded good, used my wife s 
Did not Work!. Unfortunately, I never got to use it as the iPod would not charge. Looked very cute, but never got to use it...Returning for a refund..  
Garmin Forerunner 201 not for rural use. My kids and I recently purchased the Forerunner 201 as a Father s Day gift for my running husband. He was thrilled after 
Quality control issues?. I saw this set at the store and it was a magnificent picture. Has an integrated HDTV tuner and all the connections you will need. Looks sweet, 
Not supported. these will not work in a dvd recorder to record tv. it didn t say on the webpage, but on the back of the discs it states that 
...was hoping for something a little more durable... Loved the idea of being able to clip the iPod mount to the dash vents - unfortunately the execution of this concept 
Believe the negative reviews. If after reading all the negative reviews you say-- This product can t possibly be this bad like I did well, you d be wrong. Even 
15dB Broadband Cable Amplifier. I was disappointed in this product. When I attached it at the cable source it created probles for my broadband connection and living TV set. I 
Unusable. I bought these for use with my HP DVD740e Lightscribe DVD burner. The device would not write to them. Not one of them! I have never had this problem 
Very Difficult to use. This product is not for novices. The labeling on the buttons is extremely confusing. The instructions are not written for the layman either  
Short Life. I bought this thing because I lost a memory mod to a power surge. It worked fine at first but now it has no battery life. Recently the 
Mapsend...SHAME ON YOU AMAZON. Just bought Mapsend from Amazon. They sent me version 2 when this is clearly out of date. Don t be fooled - it s a piece 
Couldn t get it to work. I experienced what seemed to be a common problem for many people that have purchased av cables for the ipod. I was able to 
not to be relied upon. Sometimes it works, sometimes not. Takes a very long to find position. I wish I had read the other reviews before purchasing it. I would 
Charger stopped charging. I was impressed with the charger for about 1 month---than it stopped charging the NiMh batteries it came with. I took it back to Best Buy only 
Disappointed little girl!. My daughter got this for Christmas from her Grandma who worked long and hard to get this for her and she was so happy and excited when 
Sangean DT-180 A m-F M TV Band Receiver. Attrative, compact, easy to use.Poor reception on some FM stations. My digital MP3 player, which fits into the change pocket of my 
Eh... waste of money. The CoolIT USB Beverage Chiller is a great idea with not-so-great execution. It only keeps the bottom part of the beverage cold, and not so much 
Wont work on a Tungsten either. For some reason, the game controls dont work on my Tungsten. Would have been cool - but since there is no support for the 
Poor Quality. Bought this drive in September 2006. Now, instead of reading CD s or DVD s, it only makes a clicking noise. Sony technical support is horrible. Buy another 
SONY LCD REA PROJECTION TELEVISIONS. I purchased my tv in Dec 2004. I did not purchase the extended warranty. These sets are have all kinds of video problems. Myself and 
Bad design.....flimsy toggles.......JUNK. Notice, all the happy....five star ratings, are from people that JUST bought this MP3. I have had mine for 9 months.I have had this MP3 since Christmas 
You get what you pay for. Well for 20 I shouldn t have expected much. But most of the reviews here were so positive I just couldn t resist. What 
Nice appearance, but break easily. I received a box of these cases and about 20 out of 100 were broken upon arrival because they are so fragile. If they are 
DEAD after only 1 year. I bought this DVD player after my Sony player died prematurely. Is it just me, or are DVD players supposed to have a longer life?? 
false advertising claims. The DocuPen holds, at a maximum, 10 pages. When I called customer service about this, I was told that the unit s capacity was being exceeded because 
Disappointed. I have been less impressed with the new case for a number of reasons:1 The additional insulation does cause heat related performance issues.2 I had to trim the bottom 
Have some problems with the CDs. The first CD in this pack was damaged even before writing : . Well, I was able to write the second one without issues. 
Inefficient and Ineffective. I ve owned this unit for about one year.This unit suffers from 5 problems.1. The unit gives poor directions. On a route from Long Island, close to 
Horrible Customer Support. I had a terrible time with HP s costumer support when I needed help with my scanner. All the email support was for Windows only and the 
How did this thing earn the top spot at iLounge?. I tried and tried to convince myself that this sounded good, or even acceptable. Alas, the sound was so muddy, 
Another HP printer DOA. I was excited about being able to afford a color laser jet printer...until the HP 2650 printed a grand total of 6 pages and then died 
Very wrong cable modem. It workED fine first month then it get slower and slower , sometimes I could only get 20 Kbp s, turn it off and back on 
DON T BUY. Don t buy this at all! I bought this to use on my media center. All that happens when I plug it in is black and white 
day2trip. You cannot put double cds in this product. I think its great for single cds, looks sleek, but I would have purchased another type of media storage had I 
Poor range for me. Does not compare with Motorola. The range was poor. Interestingly, when I pressed the call button, that was transmitted but the recipient couldn t pick up 
Fooled again. Once again I m amazed at how the reviews were so highly in favor of this product. These are terribly uncomfortable for my ears and don t really 
Great when it works, but..... I received the printer as a great gift on January 16th, I set it up and it wouldn t print - the ink cartridge holder 
You get what you pay for, JUNK. If you do purchase this device make sure you write down the serial number. Supposedly there s a sticker on the back that 
Not so good... I bought this item from Best Buy. It works great until it was time to change the batteries. The battery cover is hard to open, which caused 
Terrible Piece of Equipment. After constant dropouts for the past 6 months and no help from the Belkin Bozo s support . I received a long delayed canned e-mail answer 
Great sound - awful design - design flaw fixed. Very simply put, the sound is wonderful - the design stinks. I too crazy glued the rubber earcups to the plastic 
Wrong Adaptor. I, like the other customers. ordered this adaptor based on the recommendation from the site, and was disappointed when, on Christmas Eve, I realized this was not right 
Cheap. Print quality is pretty bad. There are often streaks and discoloration on print outs. If you want a quality color laser printer, look somewhere else  
Installation Nightmare!!!. I dont know about the installation on this thing. Tryed to install this with the Bluetooth card supplied and my new HP Pavilion with Bluetooth built in you 
you get what you pay for. expecting big sound and good FM station reception, buy something els  
Don t buy this!. This mouse works fine on my laptop...however, it goes through a pack of batteries within weeks. I hate it. If I still had the packaging for 
There are better remotes. I have several Sony products TV, Stereo, VCR and yes they all work wonderfully with this remote - didn t even have to program those devices. 
Shame on Epson - Many thanks Amazon. I bought my Epson Printer CX 4600 last yr. thrilled w it, and the price because I was using mostly color. However the 
lose the belt clip!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. I recently bought this product for my Palm TX and was equally disappointed as well as annoyed with the cheap belt clip. It isn t apparent 
Can t even use it. I ordered this A V cable for a client showing since I didn t want to carry extra baggage. The cable arrived in time, but 
NOT WHAT I THOUGHT!. I was extremely disappointed in this purchase. It turned out to be a refurbished model that did not work! [There was no indication beforehand that it 
Nextar MP3 player, don t buy it!. The unit wouldn t support DRM, so any songs downloaded from the internet were not usable on the player. Once we got some 
Dead in one week. My title is my review. The thing worked for a week. After that it wouldn t power up anymore. Chinese junk  
Faulty wiring. I detest this printer. I ve bought quite a few printers in my day: Lexmark, Canon, and have been quite happy with most HP s, but this was 
broken item. Item arrived broken. Amazon reimbursed the cost. They have not reimbursed for another electronic item that was ordered at the same time. Both arrived in an unusable manner. 
no click. did not work - never clickedno tech supportwaste of good mone  
Not appropriate for all applications. This adapter worked fine for charging and for sound output, but be aware of some key limitations:1 This adapter is too large to fit into 
stayaway from it. i have so for used inav iguidance,mapopolis,navigon navigator 5 and The Blue Logger & Street Atlas USA .out of all these The Blue Logger & Street Atlas 
Cheaper at walmart. Recently discovered you can get the same cartrige at Walmart for 18.82. Not worth the price here especially after you have to pay 5 for shipping.Go to 
Beware of shipped an incorrect cable -- and a cheaper one!. I ordered this cable and ended up sending it back to Amazon. And I advised them why. The THX 
Interlink RemotePoint is Poorly Designed. I ve owned three of Interlink s units, but that was before competitors came to market with well-designed units. The Interlink pointer plastic casing is 
If you bought the old Dymo Labelwriter 330 Turbo you will be disopointed. I have used the old Labelwriter 330 turbo, for our veterinain praktices for 3 years, when finally 
Tray locked after 2 use. SONY service sucks. The child proof tray lock feature is an absolute nightmare. There is software issue with this player. This feature was activated by 
Blah. It looks like I bought this unit based on the very positive reviews only to come back and see the few less than positive reviews that are brand new. 
Interference w 2.4GHz Telephone & Bad Customer Service. I tried to install at my house with only 20 feet range but I was getting static noise. Only way I could 
Speaker Feature flakier than Courtney Love. I bought this premium priced product because it has both built-in voice-mail and speakerphone. The latter was the key feature I sought. Well, it 
Service Plan Never Received!!!. I have never received any correspondence from this company. They were supposed to send the service plan within 2-3 weeks after I received the television. However, 
CD changer died - can t get a replacement part for warrantee. Like many others here, my CD-changer died after a couple of weeks and it wouldn t read any 
How Rude Can Adorama be?. Very ! ! ! Got my new card and it didn t work so had to send it back. So upon calling Adorama every person 
Doesn t seem to work to well. Well, first off, I m not sure if it s the card, or the N1 router itself, but ever since I installed the 
2 major design flaws - Buy Kensington version instead. I purchased this product, but after 3 months of frustrating use wound up throwing it away.The first problem is that the 
Good product, forget about service. Good product, forget about service. I e-mailed InFocus about my faulty projector 8th January 2005it is now 7th January 2006 and I still do not 
Likes and Dislikes. I have now owned the 360 for 3 weeks.I enjoy being able to put in an address and follow it. It has benefitted me and I have 
I threw half away. It s a shame that Garmin won t allow you to buy the individual components in case something gets lost.I had to buy the whole mount 
Customer Service SUCKS!. While I have my projector for 5 months, it stopped working and upon servicing it, Optoma returned it stating I needed to purchase a new lamp. The 
Garbage - Buttons wore out in 14 mos. I loved this player until the day I really, really needed to use it for recording, when I discovered that the MODE 
Missed the boat with this one!. While the TiVo service is amazing they really missed the boat with this product.The idea behind this unit is to be able to record 
Great for a while, and then not so good. This was a great mouse for about the first year I owned. After one year is when all of the problems 
what happened to the hard case?. ...I m so dissappointed in CaseLogic for discontinuing the hard cases. They were great, a HARD cover with rubberized coating and actual cd case 
You get what you pay for. This television hasn t worked right since I got it, and support is not so great. I simply cannot get it to display in 
Why did I buy this... I ve been thoroughly disappointed with this system since the day I purchased it. First off, I can hardly hear anything from the speakers no 
Could have been fantastic. This unit could have been fantastic if not for one issue. Almost all the navigation fuctions cannot be used while the vehicle is moving over 10 
Caveat emptor... Despite being sold as an X-Fi card, this particular model does not use the X-Fi chipset. In fact it uses a variation of the Audigy 2 SE chipset. 
SanDisk SDMSV-2048-A10 2.0 GB Memory Stick Pro-Review. After buying this product, I opened the case after few days, as I was out of country, to use this memory stick in 
This is only OK. For the money, this is not a bad product. But, there is alot of hissing sound which doesnt really allow for clear vocal quality. I dont 
Overpriced, confusing software, misleading advertising, poor technical support. I am a photographer. I wanted a device that would help me match my computer monitor display to my prints. This device 
Didn t Work With My System. I can t give this an objective rating. Despite repeated consultations with my computer manufacturer and the software provider I couldn t get this 
If it let me give zero stars, I would have... This phone is a total piece of junk and a waste of money. As others have described, the battery holds 
Junk. I got what I paid for. Allows for four frequency options at the top of the dial - all of which were picking up real broadcast signals in my 
BEWARE! Syntax Warranty!. Syntax clearly states that their warranty is only good for the origninal purchaser. I got my daughter one as a gift, gave it to her bran new, 
Cannot Recommend. Pros-its been 2 weeks since Ive had it and it hasnt erased my dataCons-Must turn off computer to turn off harddrive-Sometimes isnt recognized by the computer-Inner ring is 
Does not work with large SD cards. Buyer beware. This reader does not work with large SD cards. I could not get it to work with a new 4 GB 
 Nike dropped the ball DO NOT BUY!! Better options out there... Like many of you are thinking about, I bought this through a website Apple . I bought it 
Extends, but doesn t pick up IP numbers!. When it works it does extend the range. However, every time you turn off a wirelessly connected PC and turn it on 
Unreliable Rip-off. This product is cheaply made and noisy. The USB power cable developed a problem after 30 days. Don t get ripped off. Avoid this unreliable product  
great product if I could use it. I did the research on this product and it was one of the best. I don t know that to be true due 
Thinking different is cool, Apple iPod is not. I sincerely hope iPods have improved... I bought a 30G iPod Photo a little over a year ago and was on my 
Would have gotten a higher rating if it worked at all. I would imagine it was the cheap, crummy power supply, but mine wouldn t even light up...dead...One wonders why 
Severely outdated... This card was very good, about 4 years ago. If you don t know much about computers, and you re looking to get a friend a gift, or 
New CD Stomper is TERRIBLE. I used the original CD Stomper for many, many years and never had one problem. I bought the new version and it s such a 
Still trying to get this & player to work. I want to believe all of the positive reviews; I really do! But at the moment I m still having problems 
Not as good as the D-R4 in most ways. I have the D-R4. If you look at the reviews of that model, I have most of the problems with that 
Piece of Junk. This sucker couldn t pick up a single channel; not even one less than 10 miles away. I live in a fairly open area  
Didn t Work! Don t waste your time!. I got this tape recorder and plugged it in, but the tape heads wouldn t even turn. It made some sort of 
Coming Apart at the Seams. In theory an excellent product -- room for lots of disks, relatively compact and attractive HOWEVER I purchased three of these 2 for me 1 
Waste Of Money. I bought these discs at CompUSA because I needed a few before I got the ones I ordered online. Well, I just wated a good 25 bucks 
Bought with an iHome from amazon, stopped working after about a month. I bought an ihome along with a remote on amazon a month or two ago. I f I 
Waste of Money. I bought this as a backup drive several months ago for my home business after the iomega backup drive I was using crashed and took my backup 
Dead On Arrival... While I read the reviews on this machine, it is clear to me that Lexar has some serious quality-control problems. For some people it worked, for others 
Wireless feature is Useless for this camera. I installed this camera and worked fine. I took it downstairs for wireless. It is so slow, you can take a nap. If 
Not exactly what I was looking for... I primarily purchased the product for recording lectures and it did not work well. The Mp3 recorder records the lecture, afterwards, recording is 
Sad! Because I have to keep it for my birthday!. This Philips HTS3400 DVD has all the features I need, but its mp3 player is really bad: Audio just pops 
Antenna not as ordered. I read the reviews and everyone had received the 1000 instead of theordered 1500 and I thought surely that problem had been fixed by now.Bad guess----I 
It was working for couple months. I bought this Trendware TU-S9 couple months back. It was working great except that I had to unplug the cable before hibernating my machine; 
Honestly Really Bad. I used this maybe 4 times when the in stopped functioning, but it mysteriously would work in reverse. I wish I read other people s reviews on 
Not compatible with my printer. This product was not compatible with my HP LaserJet 1000. There is no compatability list anywhere, even though it s referenced in the manual. This 
2 GB MP3 Player. This was ok for the money, decent sound quality, however it died on me after just 2 months of use. The USB drive still works sometimes 
Randomly drops connection. I also have the problem of random disconnects. We had a techie come in and try to set it up for us, he got it working, but 
Waste of Money!!. I truely wish I had found the prior reviews for this product before I bought it. Unfortunately, I am now stuck with a product that will not 
Never worked. About a year ago I got one of these to allow me to play DVDs for my kids on my laptop while travelling. It has an alarm that 
Defective. It stopped working 2 weeks after I got it. The display goes back and forth between OK to disconnect and Playlist. Buttons for search and the toggles don t 
BEWARE!. There has been a mix-up here. The item pictured here is NOT the Coby TF DVD5050. The spec.s given here do NOT match the spec.s and capabilities of this 
FALSE REVIEWS?!. Does anybody else think it s an AMAZING coincidence that everyone who gave this product a positive review has only reviewed it and other ICLEAN products? Something s 
Sounds great, CD player dies. Great appearance and sound, JVC has produced a nice sounding unit. Speakers look as great as they sound, no problem handling bass at loud levels. 
WHITE DUST. WE THOUGHT IT WAS GREAT UNTIL WE STARTED NOTICING WHITE DUST ON EVERYTHING. WE CHANGED THE FILTER, BUT THAT DIDN T HELP, AND WE VE BEEN USING SOFT 
When it worked. The Micro has some excellent features at the right price. But it fails to work all the time. First it was the firmware, then it wouldn t 
Returned without opening the box. Returned to Amazon without opening the box because I ended up purchasing a SONY home theatre system that included an upconverting DVD player as part 
Sony VRDVC30 is an excellent product. It came within one week of being ordered. It is an excellent product and is as advertised. I received a manual for Sony s 
Annoying and difficult to use. The user interface was horrible. The product documentation was even worse. I still can t figure out how to perform a regular scan, no OCR. 
Not waterproof - weather resistant . Just make sure you know the difference. These speakers are NOT meant to get wet. They can handle being outside ambient moisture, temp, wind, 
Don t purchase this printer!!!. The installation of this printer went very well. However, after installing the printer my computer began running EXTREMELY slow. I checked and it was using 
dwt108 double wide 108 disc dvd tower. Was a little hard putting it together. You have to be very careful taking the cds out or it would fall apart. I 
Vicks Ultrasonic Humidifiers aren t what they re cut out to be!!. I recently purchased 2 Vicks Ultrasonic Humidifiers in Jan 2006 and received them by the 3rd week of 
Doesn t support windows mobile 5.0. I am very disappointed in this product. I purchased the Blue Logger to use with a new Dell Axim X51v which I purchased to 
Unable to use. I do not know if it is defective, but we were disappointed to find that this item does not work with any of our equipment.  
Not impressed. I used to be a big proponent of Netgear. Not anymore. First off, after reading the package on the VPN box, I believed the software client was included, 
Lack of Support, Drives fail. Lack of Support for Failed Drivesby neever, Dec 07 05Western Digital will not support your hard drive WHEN it fails. On November 16, 2004, I 
big problem - anamorphic picture. I bought this product 4 13 2006It was excellent before I found the picture is anamorphicIf we see anamorphic wide screen movie at a 4:3 
Ni regalado. Despues de una semana de uso el tv presento una falla y hasta la fecha ha sido imposible obtener el manual tecnico de sharp para proporcionarselo al tecnico, 
Expensive for a toy, very poor as an instrument. I purchased this guitar for my young boys. The strings don t stay in tune long enough to tune them all 
Told by company that it would take up to four weeks!. I am the type of person that ALWAYS buys the extra warranty on whatever I purchase. However, I started 
Scratches!!!. Horrible - the first time I slid my nano into the case it put several scratches on the front; defeats the purpose for even buying it. I would recommend 
Does not work with Kingston miniSD 1GB. IF THERE WAS A 0 RATING I WOULD CHOOSE IT. I bought this with the Kingston miniSD 1GB so I could download pics 
Poor quality. My second one just stopped working. Each one lasted for less than a year. I was a Sony fan but now I ll try other brands  
WARNING: Why o why do aliens n non-humans try to cheat us?. SELLER S: For an honest review go to the CORRECT page for the Bose 321 Graphite w Accoustimass 
Didn t work for me. I tried to install the driver on my computer.The computer went into a loop, just booting, shutting down, and rebooting. I was able to get 
Not to be used with iPaq. This keyboard folds out well and I liked the feel of the keys.However, the IR connector needs to be in direct connection with the 
Not universally compatable !!. I have used this RW with my Sanyo DVD recorder. The result is that I cound not play the recording. It wil freeze up. and some 
Probably not worth it. It was very bright at first. Then button began malfunctioning. I emailed customer service and never heard back. Don t know if it was a problem 
Deceptive marketing at its finest. The one and only reason I purchased this label printer was for the highly touted Dymo Stamps feature, supposedly giving you the ability to print 
stay away. you may be tempted to buy these because of the sony name...but be warned, DO NOT buy sony cd-r s off of amazon....I bought this same 50 pack, 
Broke after 6 months of use..... : . I spent 60 on this and it broke after 6 months.. I guess the old saying, you get what you paid for 
Disapointed. He didn t send me the product that he was selling. The keypad is not USB and also it wasn t new and also it wasn t targus.I want 
LR44 Button cell battery. Great price, but that doesn t make a difference if you re sent the wrong merchandise, I received LR41 button cells instead of the LR44 which 
Item came in defective. - The LCD screen didn t work- The first DVD I played hooked up to the TV screen stopped reading at track 7...- I returned the 
Just Nothing. This amazing booster did nothing to my signal, I have tried everything and nothing...  
Cases break instantly!. I knew these were inexpensive CD cases, but I can t even open one without it breaking into two pieces..  
Don t buy it, really JUST DON T DO IT. I have used it for 5 months and it s been tearing apart since the first one, besides that, it 
Hunk of junk, go for the manual version. Luckily, I didn t pay a penny for the motorized SkipDr. as it was given to us as a prize. I have 
Yet Another Wireless Piece of JUNK!!!. This thing is JUNK!!! Don t waste your money. I am a computer professional and I had it working for about 5 minutes, then 
Not so pleased with the Cobra Road Trip Hand Held CB Radio. I tested the Cobra hand held CB on California Rt. 99 today. Not so good. Tuned into truckers 
Lasted one week. Having had problems with a previous USB drive I bought the Lacie as a replacement having been brought under the impression that it was a superior quality 
Avoid this product. I ve always had issues with this product since I bought it on Amazon. I ve updated the firmwares for both the router and the card but 
Too bright! Not for light sleepers!. We have had ours for almost a year - it still works great, but there is one big problem - the display is a 
Stay away from this equipment. At the beginning, I really thought this is a very nice product. It does solve the CD organize and automatic storage problem for many people. 
CrashCrash. Can I give it negative stars?I actually have no idea how it works on my Palm Treo 680, I was never able to get that far. I installed the 
Wish it would work! Defective item received 2 times!. This item was a gift to be used at our family holiday festivities. We put it together it sounded and looked 
Brother brand labeling tape 1 2 . This is the OLD tape....meaning that there isn t a crease in the back so that you can crack it open and take 
NOT FOR TEXTBOOKS. I wish I never bought this because it was not sturdy enough for textbooks. If you put a textbook on it and turn the page, it collapses 
Died suddenly... repair impractical, lost my stuff. One day it just stopped working. I got the dreaded orange and green flashing lights of death ... the contents of the File 
sounds worse than the laptop speakers. The builtin speakers in my laptop sounded better and louder than these speakers. The Sony s highs are muddy and the volume does not 
Philips PH-62050 CD-to-Cassette Converter. I ordered this item because it was the lowest priced of three remarkably similar devices all had the same description and specs . It worked for 
dont buy it!!!!!. this is a piece of junk, it never worked fine, or the software crashes, or the scan results are terrible and very very slow  
Terrible! Don t waste your money. I bought the Zire 72s as an upgrade to my previous black and white Palm that I had no problems with. It has been 
Doesn t match well with my YPT-300 keyboard. I got this stand as a kind of freebie when I purchased the excellent YPT-300 keyboard. At first I was baffled by 
Awful. Do not buy. This may be the worst product I ve ever bought. It has never worked properly. I ve kept fresh batteries in it, but it s still 
Horrible. I have used HP, TDK, Fujifilm, and JVC blank DVD s and have had no problems. But when I tried these Sony DVD s all I got were problems. 
Immediate malfunction. I tried my Picturemate for the first time last night and it malfunctioned almost immediately. It claims that it has a paper jam, but it doesn t. I 
Batteries... or are they?. Heres the thing about batteries. They eat people. Yeah. You can never trust a battery, cause those things are HEARTLESS. Especially Rayovac... those give me the 
Bad Quality. Purchased thinking it was gold-plated as advertised but actually is not. Quite noisy - settled for a Monster Stereo Male-to-Male cable instead  
Epson ink clog problem. I have used a cx4800 card reader,scanner, printer combo for 3 weeks. After 4 consecutive days of no use, prints were streaked, like horiz. striped shirt. 
RMA in One Month. Good Price for portable hard drive - you don t have to use this as a sync it can be for storage don t know what 
Great MP3, When it Works. I ve had this MP3 since Xmas 05. It gave me trouble initially then the problem went away. Since July it hasn t worked for 
Not Worth the Effort!. With so many other mounts to choose from, why buy one that doesn t fit US homes 16 apart studs ? True, you can jury rig 
Worst... Label Maker... Ever. The labels are sticky on one side, and printable on the other, but that s about all this product has going for it. The software is 
BAD PRODUCT. THIS IS THE SECOND IN SIX MONTHS OF THESE UNITS I HAVE BOUGHT. ONLY FOR THE SPECS AND ESPECCIALLY THE SIZE. THE BATTERY FOLDS OVER , FLAT ON 
OK not great. I ve had the phone for about a week now, including the optional Bluetooth Mobile Phone Link.Pros: Stylish than most. Build & sound quality.Cons: When using the 
Don t buy this. Bought two of these phones, the answering machine base unit and one expandable unit. They actually sound great when they work. About a month following use 
It Comes with the Forerunner 201. This VERY expensive cable is already in the package if you purchased the Forerunner 201. You won t need this unless you somehow lost 
great product if I could use it. I did the research on this product and it was one of the best. I don t know that to be true due 
Almost completely useless. I was fooled. I thought, Oh, a vertically polarized, amplified antenna ought to work pretty well, at least a little better than the antenna built into the 
Does not work with palm easily. Did not work with my Palm T|C right away.I ve not used this for any other purpose. I expect either Palm or SD to 
Horrible design!. Thank goodness for Apple they made a product designed well enough to get you just past a year 1-year warrenty and then die. I would hate for them 
Does not work correctly with Windows Media Center in Vista. The picture quality with this card is great. It does a very good job encoding analog cable TV. However, with 
What a waste of money. We purchased our DVD player in June 2005 from HH Gregg for 140. By December the screen would sometimes turn white so that we couldn 
Not Working Yet. I received and installed this card yesterday. It was not recognized by Windows 2000. Neither was the driver included on the CD. Sabrent s site didn t 
Definitely stay away. Bought this about two months ago. Never liked it for two reasons:-The rubber cap is so easy to lose. Guess that s why it comes with spares 
Brother DR400 Replacement Drum Cartridge. I received the cartridge, however it was a bad one. They said they would send postage to send it back, and when they received it 
Unit will NOT function in all auto CD players Err s ejects . I have both a 97 Chevrolet GM pickup and a 98 Jeep Chrysler Corp. and specifically purchased 
Great if you like being on the receiving end of a hot poker. Seriously, this is great ink if you have a Lexmark printer - especially since nothing else will 
Output of the adapter states as 5 - 12 V !!!. I am not sure what protection an Ipod has, but difference between standard 5V USB and potential 12V is 
Exactly the same as the regular Intuos2 Pen. but 20 dollars more and hideous. I have a platinum Intuos2 tablet a high school graduation present from 2004 , and when 
Battery cover blues. My Zen Nano s battery cover broke within 1 month of purchase date. The construction is very flimsy, and if you do your research before purchasing you 
Good for business, bad for home. I purchased this projector to watch movies at home and have not been pleased with its performance. Our DVD inventory includes both 4x3 and 
Didn t work with my LinkSys wireless router. I couldn t get this product to work with my existing equipment. The Netgear extender had a default IP address of 192.168.0.101. 
Perfect for tunnels. it s a super idea, but i cannot say it works well. getting a free station is a real challenge, even in the underdeveloped Italy. and if 
Same. I had the same problem as the 1st poster, very dissapointing and quite aggrivating because I really needed this yesterda  
it hums!. Alas, it makes a very noticeable hum even when it s OFF! I have to unplug it if I want the noise to stop. Very disappointing.But if size 
Cheap quality, no exact length. I ordered this cable a few weeks ago. Although I must say that it does work fine, the cable looks cheap in fact, it is 
Not for me. This case is too large for general carrying of a DVD player. There were too many velcro straps included without instructions or ideas on how to use 
Very missleadingly named cable. I finally realize why they don t include this with the pro sling box. Because the value it adds is practically 0.The resulting picture is actually 
Worked for a while... I have a Dell Inspiron 8000 with failing fans, so I decided to get a chillhub to try to relieve the pc fans. I am just 
Broke down in 3 weeks. Product just quit working 3 weeks after I got it. Sent it back to manufacturer Garmin who said they would have it fixed on a 
Waste of money. Don t waste your money on this second room wireless speaker. The signal barely reached into the second room and then it was weak and flickered on 
Not for use with radios. I recently purchased this item along with a Sony ICF-M410V radio for which it is listed by Sony as an accessory. Don t buy this 
JUNK. I read another review on here complaining about the sticky buttons on the Audio Source EQ 200. After reading another review saying their unit worked fine with no button 
be forewarned, if your thinking of using this with Airport Express. This Amazon listing also suggests buying the Soundsticks along with Airport Express.If you re thinking of connecting them to 
No Vista Support. Unlike many people writing reviews of the product I haven t even been able to install the software as it doesn t support Windows Vista  
Telezapper. Worked great for about a week, then i seemed to get an average of 12 telemarketing calls a da  
My roommate s broke, then mine broke!. My roommate s mouse broke she had the older L shaped receiver ... and I thought it was because she s bad with 
If it won t print, what good is it?. My printing problems began two months after warranty expiration. I tried every troubleshoot I could find, three times. What a beautiful 
Lots of issues. This item has a lot of flaws, the only reason I got it was the price was quite less and it was a nice techy stocking stuffer 
Hub Not Recognized. My Dell Laptop D600 running Windows XP, didn t recognize the device when I plugged it into either USB port. I contacted Targus support and they stated 
YAMAHA. YAMAHA it s a japanese company makes many products, for example, ICs, pianos, keyboards, audio products.The YAMAHA s best audio product is NS-1000M, a book-shelf speaker.NS-1000M is the best 
Don t waste your money. There s a reason this thing is only 6 bucks. It s absolute junk. I put it into the cassette player in my car, and 
Would be great if it worked... In theory it would be a great product, except that my first iPod of this model had its hard drive go bad only a 
disappointed by Timex. I ve had a very difficult time finding an alarm clock with the bright indiglo light. So I was happy to find this one. However, with my 
Canon Paper. On the package it says 3 X 5 postcard size paper. We thought it was describing the size of the paper which we wanted for prints. However, it 
I Would Never Recommend this Product to Anyone. I ve only got this thing to work for about 3 hours and that is not in a row. I ve spent 
So - So. This charger does not seem to charge the batteries fully. I thought that my rechargable batteries were out of life , but discovered that it was just 
Nothing but problems. From the time this unit was removed from the box, it has been a nightmare. This main problem is each and every record, both 45s & lps, 
Died an early death. We bought this TV after reading glowing reviews only to find out that the picture quality is poor when viewed from slight angles. Also, after 13 
iHome is a disappointment. So when I first got the iHome for Christmas, I loved it. Well, I loved it in spite of the glaring bright light, that even at 
Incompatible with my burner. This media did not work on my brand new asus burner, even after updating the firmware  
Not worth the time or money. This picturemate has been a total disaster. After printing just a few pictures the color on the photo turns to pink and yellow. Put 
Very poor reception. I bought this TV to pick up Armed Forces Network signals at my base in Iraq transmitted from ON the base, BTW , and all I get 
The good, the bad, and the ... really bad. I ve often wondered how many people review things on amazon when they first buy them. Had I done so, i 
Defect CF card I purchased. How can I get replacement?. I have had a Canon G2 since 2002. I used to use Viking 128 MB CF cards and had no 
Good Product. This is a good product. Not as good as an MP3 player with internal memory, as it is bulkier. But, it is great for the price. The only 
Save your money. I loved my previous Microsoft keyboard -- this one doesn t work. I ve spent more than 4 hours on the phone not including waiting time with 
Lost Budapest Photos. I was in the middle of my second day of a long awaited trip to Budapest when this card died. I was using my new Canon Rebel 
Waste of money. I bought 3 of those to present to someone as a gift but I am really disappointed with this item. Not clear reception with too much of 
Handset sound volume issues during conversation. I really wanted to like this phone from all the good reviews, but received one with issues, returned it and received another with the 
Excellent PRODUCT!. One of the reviewers graded this product way down, based on cost of shipping. Good warning for other buyers, but not entirely fair to the product itself.I bought 
loading paper. I had to return it because it would never load the paper. Very poo  
Lots of bad burns. I had so many bad burns with my first spindle that I had to ask for an exchange. The new spindle had at least 5 bad 
Product Has Bugs, Customer Service Won t Help!!!. I purchased the 8GB Creative Zen V Plus player during the first week in February. I am returning it and this is 
Very Unsatisfactory I m returning. Loud HISS all the time. The sound comes and goes all the time. Works 10 mins. then stops. Have to turn volume up loud to 
That s why I hate apple. Never seen a worse, less intuitive, inconvenient to use and worsely documented software that iTunes. Apples is up to it s usual standard. That 
Cheap is the word. If you want cheap speaker stands - these are the ones to buy. However,if you expect to move them reguarly - like to vacuum around them 
Incompatible with other vendors; poor signal quality. This is my second disappointment with Linksys products.I have purchased this AP to use in AP client mode connected to my Netgear WGR614 
Don t buy them!!!. I have gone through 4 pairs in 4 months because they keep breaking, one thing after another. Either one ear stops or they both stop in 
So so..... been using the product for 6 months now - battery time isnt great - I constantly need to recharge the battery. People always complain of an echo  
P.O.S.!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Crashes, have to restart, can t find router. I have a Netgear router and this wireless USB adapter. I used the router WGT624 for several months just as a 
Hate the thing. The picture is outstanding, but lately it has been crashing on me. It will just stop at a random point. Brand new discs even stop and give 
Great if you want neck pain. This product takes too much space and raises the notebook too high. the mechanism of holding the notebook is also rather flimsy. Its only 
Too small for most computers. I would not recommend this unit for most computers as the battery is too small to provide reasonable runtime. Under a 200W load it only 
Update: Password can t be registered. Read my initial review below which was on July 27. On August 11, Kensington told me that they do not know when the password 
Horrible PDA dictionary. My main annoyance was all of the screens I had to go through just to look up a word! It vexed me terribly. When it finally broke, 
DO NOT BUY THIS-READ MY REVIEW FIRST!!. I bought one for my son at Christmas and it broke after a month. It just suddenly wouldn t turn on. Amazon was 
The other reviews are correct. I ve purchased and attempted to install three of these adapters. One of them was on an older Dell laptop,installed without any problems at all 
Chip failed, maker replaced. After I had shot and unloaded a few hundred photos, it got so I couldn t shoot without getting either corrupted images or a refusal message 
save your money, get something else. this is one lousy expensive player. as one of the reviewer mentioned, the hinge on the battery unit will break. i had the unit 
Not what expected. My 25 NEC tube TV of 18 years went on the blink again. I ve had it reparied a few times for 150.00 here 200.00 there and 
Not Worth It. I bought mine at Wal-Mart for 20, followed the instructions with two scratched DVD s from the library one badly scratched, the other still playable - and 
Virgin s VM-500 5GB MP3 Player is not worth it. I purchased this item a a reputable retailer in New York, NY B&H Photo . You couldn t beat the 
What happened to the region code free setting??? HELP!. Hi! I bought my Cyberhome 300 in April 2006, and was able to set the region code to 0 to watch 
Trash !! Dont buy this one !! the 2wire dsl filter is much better. I have the 2wire dsl filter and it is much better than this southwestern bell one. 
DO NOT USE AS BOOT DRIVE. I recently purchased this item, and I was extremely disappointed. It was a horrible experience trying to install this item. The instructions for the 
More development work to be done by Pharos. Yes, it s inexpensive when compared to some alternatives, but the devil is in the details. These suppliers all differentiate themselves on 
Frustrating. On the surface, this is a slick mouse. It s cute, small, full-featured, and stowing the receiver in the mouse is great.But after using this for a week and 
don t waste your money and time. The screen is too small. if you want to watch it in your car, you have to cover it because the back light 
Horrible!!. Waste of time. Software had some bugs but more importantly performance was horrible. I wouldn t pay 10 dollars for this product- yes it is that bad. Accuracy rate 
Returned it after 1hour. I bought the unit from best buy. When I got home, the unit would not play any of my mp4 s h264 format unprotected . In 
EIGHTEEN MONTHS AND ITS GONE TO THE DUMP. I bought this DVD Player 18 months ago and after rarely using it, it has stopped working. It will load the DVD 
Usless brick!. I tried it on 4 laptops, and none of them was able to sustain the signal. It kept on dropping out! Mind you, two of the internal cards 
My wife says they don t last. I got these for my wife who listens to AM radio on her portable Sony radio while commuting on the bus and train, 
pre-review. I cannot review this item because it cannot be used. It was shipped with the wrong power supply and a software disk that won t work.I have been delayed 
Just like Kelly I can t properly review this item. My wait has been 17 weeks and I received my monthly email today pushing out the delivery date another 30 
RIP-OFF: Doesn t advertise that you need an AC adaptor. I would like to believe that this hub works well- but I wouldn t know. I bought it to reduce 
Nah. You can get a 4 pack of Emerging Power 2100 mAH batteries for 9.95 on this very site. I did. They work great. Why would anyone pay almost 30 
Very disappointing. I have always been a big Epson fan. However, I have been extremely disappointed with this printer. First of all, it burns through ink cartridges, which gets expensive. 
Goes to Goodwill. Don t throw out your old tv yet! . I have no clue what this little thing is about. Dummy me thought I bought a nice little 
The Worst Palm I have ever had. I have owned a Palm since they were first produced by US Robotics. This is by far the worst for reliability. I never 
Don t waste your money; you don t need a tool to open a CD easily!. As a musician who s dealt w opening many CD packages for many years, 
Slower and full of problems!. I had the sportrak color for about a year and loved it before I lost it. I got the Explorist 500 as a replacement. At 
JVC used to be reliable - not any more : . Pros: it s prettyCons: it s garbageSure wished I had checked here at Amazaon before I bought this - 
Poor range. I bought the C. Crane FM transmitter expecting to broadcast from my computer and listen to it on an FM tuner with headsets as I worked around the 
really crummy software interface. Transferring the first album to my PC took roughly 5 hours. The second took 3.5 hours, the third about 2 hours and the fourth about 1.5 
2 Flaws in Excel. everything works fine except for two flaws in Excel: on the numpad, the minus key actually toggles shift and the slash key acts as the alt 
Awful. The fidelity is not very good. I din t expect all that much, but the real problem is that the cord is too long to work well with an 
very disappointing for a cisco product or linksys. most of the claims made on the description require a service. so the service costs a fortune compared to the camera. the 
Don t buy it. The SonicStage is really a disaster. I have been using MZ-RH910 for a year, and I use it for recording music lessons. When I upload my 
Do not work as well as promised. I live in Washington DC, so I generally get a signal when outdoors. Using these headphones did not yield an increased signal for 
DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK!!!. My drive FAIL after one year and a half...!!! This company really suck BIG TIME....I lost all of my data ...!!! ALL OFF IT...!!! THIS 
MADE IN CHINA: Look elsewhere. The highest volume setting is barely audible.The options are limited.More profit for an American company at the expense of Americans.  
Read All Reviews Before Purchasing This Card. I, along with many others, have experienced sound lock-ups , squeals and computer lock-ups with this card and the others in this series. 
Nice projector but bad odor. I recently bought this projector not through Amazon and ended up having to return it. It has a persistent burning odor. I thought it would 
Bogus review request. I ve replied to this request three times. The product was returned to vendor and cc charges were reversed  
Not everything. Read the plan carefully. Not everything is covered under this plan. They will use any excuse they can to say that the product broke under unusual circumstances so 
Another Fuse... It came with the stickers all peeling off. Used it for about a month and the item failed on me. Then the bad news, it blew the fuses 
Don t waste your money... In general I ve been happy with Belkin accessories, but this cable is the pits. It lasted less than a month! I used it to 
I like the un-improved ones better. The old Koskin design is great. I have 5 and just logged on to order one for a friend and am quite disappointed to 
Poor quality control, even worse Sharp customer service. I ordered this television with high hopes, knowing that despite reports of firmware problems and other defects that I would luck out 
I never recieved it. I dont know if I like it because I never recieved i  
Gets rid of dust and fingerprints, but leaves a mess. The other two reviewers got it mostly right. But let me make it clear: this lightly moistened wipes can indeed 
Didn t help a bit. I bought this to extend the range of my access point in my 1500 sq ft flat. I had my access point at the far 
remote woes. It is to hard to set up with other TVS other then Sony TV  
Not for use on Treadmill. I bought these headphones to watch TV while on the treadmill. They don t work at all for that purpose. Interference from the motor causes 
It won t work!!. I have a corded USB wireless antenna from Linksys that keeps falling off the table, so I thought I d give this great new wireless card 
Did not see any difference. I did not see any picture quality improvement using this high priced Monster cable. I get the same quality pictures from my 8.00 cable bought 
No Good For Students. I am a student in a technology high school, and when I saw that this bag would fit my laptop, and what looked like room for 
Buyers! Beware of Lexar s rebate claims. I bought two Lexar thumbdrives, over other brands, partially based on their rebate offers. Despite my methodical record keeping and submission, I simply 
Junk!. Replaced first spindle and still junk. Will always stick with Verbatim from now on  
Throw-away player. Bought it. Played a DVD on it for 2 hours and the unit failed. Other DVD players in the house have had no problems at all and have 
Great service if you never plan on canceling. I have been a subscriber for 4 years. Back in November my account was turned off due to a billing issue. The 
I drops. This product was useless. I was trying to fix my screen and all it did was make things worse. I got a microfiber cloth and everything and nothing 
Expensive, not good quality. I bought it and used it for two days, returned it on the third day. Very expensive for what you get. The system does not come 
BEWARE SAMSUNG DLP DESIGN FLAWS!!!. Consumers should be aware of serious design flaws which exist in Samsung DLP televisions. Cooling fans and color wheels are highly susceptible to failing. As 
Don t Bother. This product is useless. I purchased it because I have the new Ipod video player- which is a little more fragile then the previous.. well- I see 
I am unable to verify its ultra high performance. ~I bought the MVSV3-1m cable and put it between my Pioneer V555 DVD player and SONY WEGA tv KV-27FS12, I was 
I paid it but I never received it. Dear Amazon, I paid for this but until today I did not received it, I wrote to the supplier and until today 
A portable device IDEAL for NON PORTABLE computers. Looks sleek, runs fast on my dual opteron with Suse 10.1.Reformatted to ext3 very well.Unfortunately, it will not work on my Dell 
Better options out there... This battery has 1800mah while the Sony has 2100mah... go for the Sony  
Overpriced. As for digital technology, monster cable has once again ruined the marketplace by greatly over estimating what their products are worth. The great difference with the digital output inpt 
Does not work with large SD cards. Buyer beware. This reader does not work with large SD cards. I could not get it to work with a new 4 GB 
Was not needed. Based on my research for the Logitech Harmony 890 remote, I thought I needed the extender. That is not the case. The extender comes with the remote. 
Unacceptable. This model was intended as a replacement for my not-very-old and yet quite functional Panasonic PM-series stereo. This is the kind of thing that happens when you browse Amazon 
Fellow Brand Shredders. I purchased a Fellowes Shredder and felt it shredding money right out of my wallet. If you ever disasmbled a Fellow shredder, you would come to see 
Very flaky, contrary to Viking s reputation for quality. I ve owned various Viking branded memory cards in the past and have always been pleased with their performance, until I 
They denied the rebate request, what a rip-off!. Your rebate submission has been received.Unfortunately your rebate is denied for the following reasons:REQUEST POSTMARKED AFTER CLOSE OF PROGRAM DEADLINEREQUIRED POSTMARK BEFORE 
Could NOT Get This Remote to Work. I bought this remote to use with my Ipod 20G with Clickwheel and, despite installing as instructed, I could not get this to 
Too buggy. I have a Linksys wrt54g wireless router with 5 notebooks, a printer, and 2 desktops all working without problem through Comcast cable. I use WEP and MAC address 
Confortable but the sound is poor. I don t recommend you to buy this item, its sound is poor, and there is a static noise when the car engine is 
CruzerSynch Doesn t Work--No Support. As a dumb hard drive this is 1GB for more money than you need to spend. The U3 CruzerSynch preloaded application has never been able 
Great but Hard to get use to. The Z-Board is great. But If you are playing Battlefield 2 and then switch to the ZBoard you are in a fix. The 
wrong item. The item is fine. It was the wrong DC adaptor for the Garmin unit purchased. It was listed along the Garmin unit as the correct one for the 
don t buy this!. When I first got this camera, I was satisfied. It is complicated to use definitely not intuitive because it does so much with so few buttons 
Almost impossible to use with large-capacity iPods. I have this cable installed on a CDA-9856 deck, using a 60GB iPod Photo. The interface completely circumvents everything that is good about 
You get what you pay for. These are 10 headphones. There s nothing amazing about them in my opinion. I bought them to use with my ipod when I m 
the ability to pause during recording?. Am I missing something, or does this unit NOT allow you to pause during a recording? When I try to use the pause button 
Good printer when it works. First, the print quality is very good. When it does work, it seems to work very well. I was pleased with the print quality and 
Great idea, bad product. Big disappointment. The product does not work in my view. I have to review every card and have to manually correct the extracted information in 95 
Charger is fine, Transmitter is awful. There is absolutley nothing wrong with the car charger. It works fine. However the fm transmitter has 2 problems for me. 1 -- The 
Construction quality below expected. I ve bought one of the 12c platinum because I needed a calculator in my office. I don t do financial calculations, so probably I ll 
decent sound but zero comfort. I bought this headset from retailer offline , and returned it the next day. First off, I have to make it clear that I had 
Did not charge. I purchased the Garmin Forerunner 201 but when I received the watch it would charge so I have not been able to use it and now it 
Beware if buying this in S.F. Bay Area, and you use Comcast. The reason is, this product isn t listed in the Comcast list of TV s that they can 
outrageous price for sb5100. the average going price for this product is 50.- 60. the price quoted herein of 600. is so far beyond what might be considerable reasonable it 
lousy sound quality, even at 43.99. I have returned this item to Amazon; I paid 43.99 when they had it in stock. The audio out on this dock is a 
That s it? A 6 dollar cable and a 14 cable?. I was very disappointed when I received this to see that it was simply a package of two cables. 
A 10 toy piano has better sound than this. For the price 80 I expected much better sound. Should spend a little more and get a Shoenhut or for 10 
Don t buy. Terrible terrible product. Like so many others in these reviews I should have read them first! , I can categorically say that this is one of the 
Needs Improvement. I bought one of these and returned it a couple days later from an electronics store - much more expensive than @ Amazon . While it had many 
I whish I d received written conformation!. I paid for it and got an e-mail link but have yet to receive the written conformation. Called the 1800#. It s been 
do not buy 2 of these!!. I bought 2 for 2 to race, but only one rumbles . I have called Logitech tech support and they said, oh,well,that s the 
Wouldn t work on my computer. The hook up and downloading the software was very simple. There was a error problem with the drivers. My computer is fairly new with 
MISREPRESENTED KEYBOARD. I am under the impression that I have been swindled: Microsoft on its packaging, and Amazon in its web writeup, announce this as a REMOTE KEYBOARD FOR WINDOWS 
Unit keeps reporting Incorrect password. Dispite having a confirmed that I have working Skype account tested via a computer and USB phone ... the CIT400 which has been correctly set 
Cheap, Not Inexpensive. The principal benefit of this product is in the valuable lesson it teaches not to buy the lowest price item without first taking a good look at 
Seems a good idea, but poorly put togeter. I purchased 16 of the Allsop 26625 DVD VHS Organizers. After I had 4 or 5 of them on the floor, loaded 
Good idea; lousy execution... I have mixed feelings about this product. The idea behind it is fine--keep all of your CDs DVDs in one place, away from too much handling. 
Linux Users Beware. I purchased this card after borrowing a card with an identical product number from a friend. My friend s card worked out of the box with my 
This stopped working after about a week. When I was christmas shopping, I thought this looked really cute, and I figured, Hey, it s cheap, and looks good. So I 
caution-device may be responsible for phone line noise. In retrospect, I am not sure how well this worked. As another reviewer stated below, after a couple of years, when using 
no radio reception. sound is fine for Ipod music. The radio stations do not come in. One local station tunes to all. Our 20 Boom box gets better reception  
I d rate a 0 if I could. If there was more detail from Amazon, I would have never bought this item. To me, the whole point of buying a 
BEWARE READ THIS BEFORE YOU BUY. This adapter will not work with certain drivers goto pharos website for details. I bought this product fought it for 8 hours before I 
Did not deliver. I purchased for about 8 the 1-year Replacement Plan for Electronics Products on 07-06-2006 and after one call on about 08-06-2006 to the seller I still have 
Coasters!. I wish they had a rating for zero stars. I bought the fifty pack and had 12 good burns and 38 coasters. That s a 24 success rate. I 
BEWARE of Kingston REBATES!. Beware of KINGSTON rebates!Of course, I hope your experience would differ, if you were to buy Kingston product s , but mine was terrible.I bought a 
Are you kidding??? Good sound from a 5 pair of headphones???. Com on folks...let s be real here. The Coby CV-H42 headphones may have decent sound for a pair of 
Ear Piercing. The drive has great capacity and works fast enough. However, after seeking it makes a very high pitched noise. It is not even that loud and yet I 
They work, but they are painful to wear. They are decent headphones sound quality wise. I have very complaints in that department. However, even after a few minutes, they can 
Save your money. Let me come straight to the point. This stuff is garbage. Please save your hard earned cash, and purchase something different. This does nothing to remove or 
Great, but... My friend has this cord to connect his iPod to his stereo, and it works great, great sound, good ease of use etc. I wanted one so I 
JUNK!. This is an extremely cheap product poor grade of plastic and sound quality is...for the lack of a better word...gross! The earbuds that came with my ipod are 10 
DON T BUY!!! Very poor quality!! On my 3rd Set. I originally purchased this HDTV back in September but it had to be replaced because the digital tuner ATSC was 
dont buy not worth a cent. got it at walmart can t even remove a scuff. i give it -100 good thing i could return it  
a few key pointers to read before purchasing. okay. Your first pointer: Do Not Buy. I have been plaing the guitar for 1.5 years but I will tell you I 
Good Light, Short Life. This is a very well designed light and works very well. You have better control of the light vs. snake neck light types. The quailty of 
Buy a laser fax instead. I was suprised and dismayed to learn that this Brother FAX-575 is among the most popular fax machines Amazon sells. The print and copy quality 
Good audio, lousy handset interface. Once again, a consumer electronics hardware maker proves that they can t develop a good software interface for their device. In terms of physical design, 
HMMMMMMMM................. Well... first off let me say that I don t usually write review s. But, I had to on this product.. and not because it is great.... ITS HORRIBLE.. 
absolute junk. I have had nothing but trouble with this product. no matter how many times i have dowload new, or older, drivers, the installation is never complete. their help 
TomTom needs to find a new day job. I hate this unit with a passion and I sell the things. Its cheap, 299.99 at most retail place right now and 
WGX102 Prone to Hardware Failure. I purchased a WGX102 about 18 months ago. The first unit I purchased failed after a few months. NetGear replaced it, because it was under 
Audio Quality is a Disappointment. I ve been using Sony s ECM-MS907 for more than 5 years now and have loved it; so two weeks ago I ordered the Sony 
Far too uncomfortable. I m a gamer. I play for hours a day and currently use a simple MS intellimouse optical. Well I was looking for something a little more 
Extremely poor choice. Connecting the server was easy. Installation of the utility software no sweat, too. Although, when it came to setup, the server control panel repeatedly asked for a 
No quality, just speed. While this scanner is quite fast at running documents through, I found that it could not come close to getting any of them properly aligned. I 
Cheap Price, Cheap Quality. This Elgin remake of the original Timex 3400T is nothing like the original. I like the original so much I was hoping to buy another. Sadly, 
Runs hot, short life. I installed this power supply as a replacement from Gateway. From the moment I installed it, it did not cool sufficiently. Within a year it had 
Unable to install, despite reaching D-Link technical support. From looking at the D-Link website and talking to five tech support staff, it appears that there are countless versions of this 
Only slightly better than aluminum foil... I had aluminum foil attached via coaxial cable to my T.V. before I purchased this antenna. After hooking the antenna up, I noticed only 
Shipping and handling. You charge too much for shipping and handling. I would have been better off going to a Retail Store  
Targus Port Replicator Glorified USB Hub. This item was ordered as a christmas present and arrived without incident. It also arrived in a plastic bag with out any software or 
A Waste Of Money!. This is without fail the most difficult to use software I have ever seen. I have way better luck using MS Publisher and even Word for 
The worst DVDs I have tried so far. I have used three other brands of 16x DVD-Rs and none of them have been problematic with my new Tivo dvd burner. 
Maybe OK for a Smaller Room. I found this unit to be unacceptable for my large living room. It failed at about 20 feet or so and I had to 
Please don t Buy a Zune. I bought the Zune around Christmas time of 2006. I used it on a daily basis and was happy with it. Early in April, 
Good print quality lousy ink usage. Recently I bought an Epson R260, to replace my Epson R200, big mistake, after only 20 or so prints 4 6, the printer ran 
Where has quality gone?. Works fine, looks and feels cheap. Very few cordless phones with speaker on handset that are wall mountable? Why?  
A niche product that falls short of expectations. Unfortunately, I found the Nexus to be a very niche product. I m sure anyone who is researching this product knows by 
Cheap made phone. It works and plays well but not made great. Some buttons you have to press twice to make it work. Call Id works fine  
Poor sound quality destroys a good idea. I bought the wireless base with 5 handsets to replace a VTEC 2.4GHz setup that was being stepped on by my wireless network. 
what s the point of 96 sleeves? I CAN T CLOSE THE CASE!!. I got in on this deal for a great price, but when i put 90 cd s 
Useless piece of trash. This mouse is designed horribly bad !! It opens fine when it is new, but as soon as you put in the batteries, it refuses to 
Bad Choice. One star is being generous. I bought this router to replace my worn out 5 year old Linksys router. Seemed like a good deal cheap . The TRENDnet 
Too complicated small for us. We ordered this case auto mount for our Philips PET710 7 Widescreen Portable DVD Player because it was the one recommended by Amazon. I needed 
dont store valuables on this. Both of my LaCie Big Disk Extremes have been returned to manufacturer within a year of purchase due to power issues. In each case I 
More trouble than it s worth. This is a gadget with more promise than delivery. It was a retirement gift to me and I m sure glad that not a 
will not work. I purchased one that never worked. I had it replaced and it still didn t work. I followed directions explicitly, and tried 3 different locations on the 
Junk. After reading the reviews, I realized there were varied results from those who had purchased the Adesso Cyber-tablet 6400. Since my daughter was going to use the pen and 
Terrible Reception. Forget using the antenna for air reception.....its almost useless. Lots of video noise and no sound on weak channels no fine tuning possible . The only saving factor 
Don t buy the Audiovox D1750T, it WILL break!. Hello, this is my first Amazon review, actually my first anywhere review. I normally depend on reading reviews but was never 
Annoying and Frustrating...Not What I expected from HP. I started my own business and purchased this item because of my past experiences with HP laser jets. One year later, I 
poor compatibility. while the verbatim has burned well in 100 of my recordings they fail to operate in at least 24 different dvd players  
Card slot cover broke 1st day....... The cover to the slot for the card broke the 1st day, very weak hinges and door is in an area that is most 
My roommate s broke, then mine broke!. My roommate s mouse broke she had the older L shaped receiver ... and I thought it was because she s bad with 
Positively HORRIBLE; don t waste your funds. To say that I ve wanted to throw this smartdeck out of my car window countless times may be a strong indication of 
not worth the trouble or money!!!. This product is not worth the money or trouble. I also had problem with bubbles forming and also the sides curing up as my 
Too quirky. After purchasing these earbuds for a bargain price a few days ago, I was ecstatic with the initial quality I heard from the tracks I was playing on 
Won t work with Philips Jackrabbit CD-Rewriter. I tried using these CD s with the Philips Jackrabbit CD-Rewriter and they don t work  
Scratched my Macbook. As long as its on, it will prevent scratches, but its tough to get off, and that act can scratch your laptop. It scratched my Macbook when 
P.I.T.A to get working, Poor Tech Support. It took me 3 days to get this thing to work with my notebook. Cannot get it to work with my desktop. Tech 
When It Works, It s the Best Available Tape Adapter. But... I ve read many of the reviews of the sorely disappointed, and I understand their complaints since I ve 
Sony CD400 CDP-CX400. Had this model above for 5 years. Started skipping during playing any CD ..not scratched. My CX300 model is 8 years old, and works great. When you 
Panasonic CD player is not continuous. The Panasonic CD player has a good sound quality, but does not automatically change from one CD to the next. It requires manual switching 
What a waste... First off, the ipod jiggles no matter what you do, secondly, it doesn t stay straight on the power plug, it constantly tilts the whole thing ...not 
Performance is good but lacks accesories. I purchased the Creative nano 1GB at Christmas and was impressed with performance and accesories that were included for the price. I then purchased 
Terrible Product. I had to continue to send back this product because it wouldn t work. I ended up going through 4 before I gave up entirely. This product is 
Not Vista Compatible. I was disappointed to learn this card won t work with Windows Vista. I bought the router card together in hopes of getting broader coverage even though 
Destroyed my CD--I wanna give this product minus 5 stars. Before the repair process there was one bad track on my CD. After the repair process the entire disk was 
Don t buy this loser. For 99 this should be a much better remote. If you watch movies in the dark, you have to use the glow button, guess what, 
Junk. This product is aweful. The gear strips, the pad is staionary while the disk spins and this leads to circular scratches on the disk. Compared to the Disk Washer 
Stops working after 3 months. This DVD player does play all types of DVDs no matter how you burn it. But like other reviews, it stopped working after 3-6 months. 
Unfortunately Doesn t Last. I bought a 700 series iRiver to use at the gym, which came with this Armband, at first it was great, but it didn t last, 
Not glow in the dark keys. In february 28 I purchased this remote control,mainly for his feature that the keys glows in the dark.Well thats not true!In the add for 
Decent, but not as advertised on Amazon.com. Pros: solid construction, good feel, excellent sound quality, works with power outCons: keypad isn t backlit, caller ID isn t backlit contradicts advertising 
sucks!. Bought new around 80. CD player and LCD CLOCK stopped working within 6 months--now nap function and radio are all that works--if only I could find the damn receipt!!! 
Linksys CIT310 Dual-Mode Cordless Phone for Yahoo! Messenger. This product didn t work like it said it would. I think it Sucks!!!Maybe it will work better in the USA. I 
I should have believed the other reviewers... Even after reading the bad reviews this product received from other reviewers I still purchased it. It is pretty easy to set up, 
WARNING: Why o why do aliens n non-humans try to cheat us?. SELLER S: For an honest review go to the CORRECT page for the Bose 321 Graphite w Accoustimass 
good product - fatal software upgrade - very, very poor service . Initially my Tomtom One was excellent. Then I made the fatal mistake of allowing Tomtom Home to automatically 
Basic functions OK, put caution on PS 2 ports. I acquired this unit about a week ago to serve as a docking station for a new laptop computer that does 
quick shippment, user unfriendly, lost reception from time to time. i don t recommend this produc  
I did not receive what I bought. I bought a XD to CF adapter, as per the picture on the page. Instead I received, as others did, a PMCIA adapter 
SONY = Stops Operating Next Year. This unit looks nice and plays nice, until it doesn t anymore.This piece of crap worked for only 3 months and was turned on 
Great for women... but what about men?. Prior to my Zen V Plus, I had a Creative MuVo TX FM which came with an armband and belt clip in the 
doesn t work, tech support not good, manual not good. i just received this unit yesterday to serve as a bridge to my Belkin wireless router the router manual specifies 
HP 6310 has awful software. I installed this machine on a home office network via Ethernet. The install took awhile, and changed registry settings without asking. Uninstall did NOT restore 
mismailed TomTom One Charger. I love the Tom Tom One and very highly recommend it. However, the extra electrical charger I ordered does not adapt to the Tom tom One. 
They denied the rebate request, what a rip-off!. Your rebate submission has been received.Unfortunately your rebate is denied for the following reasons:REQUEST POSTMARKED AFTER CLOSE OF PROGRAM DEADLINEREQUIRED POSTMARK BEFORE 
stay away!!!. Terrible! The CD-ROM didn t even have any data on it. I am in the process of returing this junk for a refund  
Too Bulky. Not for a Sony Vaio. I bought this case for a Sony Vaio SZ140 after seeing a spotlight review saying that the Vaio would fit perfectly inside. I 
Didn t work out of the box. Connected the TV which would stay on for a max of 5 min then would turn itself off. I called Samsung to schedule 
Didn t work for me..... I spent hours trying to get this to work, and I am pretty good with computers. Spent hours on the phone with linksys and finally 
Price is right, but that s all. I thought because these are gumy headphones they would be comfortable but they are not. They hurt my ears as much as any 
Poor reception. I bought this at CompUSA. I live in rural Vermont. The AutoSearch works fairly well. The static when connected is acceptable. A big problem is that suddenly you 
iConcepts Hotsync Charger. Not impressed. Charged fine but the adapter to my iPAQ was not secure at all. Any slight motion of the cable and the pda lost connection to 
garbage. I bought this card because I had heard it works well with linux. Well I didn t get that far with card because when it arrived it was DOA 
don t waste your money. This is by far the worst detector I have ever had.Does not detect even close signals. Had it in for repair twice, still does not 
Not powerful enough. I needed an antenna that provided a power boost to amplify the signal. I bought this antenna based on the review of others. If I had realized 
Unreliable. Cute Design. Bad Engineering. Poor Quality Control. My shuffle suffered the blinking green-orange lights so I took it into the Apple store. A salesman took 15 minutes to figure 
Dont buy this junk. I purchased my 500 in September, it s now January and it has never worked correctly at all. It would say that I am in Russia, 
Works - almost. I am using this thing with a Toshiba laptop, and a Microsoft mouse and keyboard. It installed as advertised and seemed great - until:-Generation of random mouse 
Piece of Garbage. Created HW Probs on D-Link router. I attached this antenna to a D-Link DI-624 wireless router to try to expand the range then all of the wired 
Doesnt Play HD only outputs in HD - Good Standard Player. Bought this product to stream HD media from PC USB Storage. All though advertised on the box and website 
Poor Item. The only reason I even gave it one star was that it did turn on. The battery lasts about 1 hour fully charged, which is just sad. I 
Did not work. I plugged this cable into my TV, and the TV did not recognize the source, I m not sure it the TV needs to be digital.  
great while it worked - broke after 13 months. Really liked it. Would have rated it 4-star.But last night it suddenly stopped working and would not turnon anymore. Only the 
AcAdaptor for Cobra. I ordered the unit twice, and twice I received a Carrying Case. not the adapter. I returned both and ordered direct from Cobra.When I had called customer 
Bad bad bad. Waste of time and money. If I could give this device a review of less than one star I would. An MP3 player is nothing more than 
